You listen to NF??????!!!! That’s awesome !!
I know I'm super late to this, haha. I'm thinking for emergency backup water supply, a gravity feed reserve tank is the way to go, if you need a quick refill without the hassle of the pump. You may want to consider putting the water up high, you can pull under it and the water can dump out at the speed of gravity into your tank. Just a thought, you are probably long past this project though. :-)
Look forward to see how that pump turns out
Idk Earl was a 2500 I thought it was a 3500 or a 4500 hes a beefy truck
It gives a whole new meaning to “firetruck” you can put out fires and also return fire😏
The water tank is ribbed for Matt's pleasure.
The tank design is to keep sediments from being sucked out with the water
Or 1 litre of water weighs 1kg. Do you see how it makes more sense?
Great video!
You ought to put a water cannon on the gun port.
Matt stop using bloody freedom units when describing ur stuff, the developed world don’t know how many freedoms are in a foot. Or what a gallon is.
Love all your channels Matt seem like u have a awesome family man
Hearing Matt say he listens to nf while working out gave me a woody
Definitely should still apply some form of grippy non slip surface on that bed
Tony Stark approves of using Jarvis.
You need a in-cab controlled 2 axis servo nozzle, like on construction water trucks. fight fires without leaving the air conditioning.
Try putting in a visible over flow so when it fills it comes out and you can see it thats how engines do it so we know its full
NF excellent choice for running.  Dude is on fire!
You're looking for an unloader valve. Same thing on industrial pressure washers.
I'm a sucker for music-synced footage and the knife flip, uuuuh love it x3 8:33
Matt reach out to you tuber Stephen Cox I'm sure he will help
The sections are for sloshing.
What’s he saying to out on the top? A moddus? Googled it and nothing comes up, is it some sort of hun?
Why is the water so milky though?
Worse case scenario you can send that truck over to Skeeter Brush Trucks down in Hillsboro TX to set the pump system and all the other goodies on there.
Sometimes terribly awkward is worse than terribly heavy.
I got a 86 f250 with a 6.9 for a cool project cheap let me know n it’s your you need another mad max build
hi matt. is there a PTO on firetruck gearbox.   if so you dont need petrol watherpump. :)
I like how he said it never gets cold in Texas but we just had a giant winter storm that froze the entire state.
Morrison bypass valve model 174. At 40 psi of pump pressure, you will get roughly 30 gpm out of a 1 inch hose. The pressure is adjustable with a 7/16, 3/8, and 3/4" wrenches. I've had no problem adjusting up to 90 psi of pump pressure.
It might be a good idea to convert that pump to propane.  That way you’re not dealing with a gummed up carburetor after sitting.
It's weird you wear shoes in the house but not outside the house
Remove that new York shirt from your child!
Gonna surge more when its at half capacity
You have a Jarvis!!
so with the tank problem u can on the way to the hose reel u put in a T with a pressure valve that will open when it goes over a certain point in pressure and will go back in to the tank and with that u could possibly use that to fill the tank if u put a manifold after the tank and before the pump so on that manifold u can switch between the tank or a hose with a filter on it that u can throw in to a pond or u can hook it up to an other tank and u can refill that way and I think that would be the easiest way to go about it and its not that hard to do just remember to get good pipe that can handle the pressure. The pressure valve u can have a mechanical one or a electronic but I would go with a mechanical one that is controlled with springs just for ease of use
Use a pressure relief valves for circulation
Hey Matt, did you get a pump solution figured out for the fire truck? I work on pumps for a living and might be able to help!
Duel pump motors and duel tankes Please..It can handle it...  :)
i applaude that cricket's tenacity to piss off all the people who watch the video and HATE repetitive noises.
2 way valve before the hose that either sprays water or pumps it back into the top of the tank. You can also put the 2 way hose at the nozzle however you'll need a return line and that will be heavier. If you return the water back up through the bottom, you will be working the pump against the weight of the water in the tank and defeat the purpose.
For the fire truck, buy a second pump that’s connected to the tank from the top that pumps into the tank for fast refills.
U dont need sch 80
ALL THE ERRATIC MOTION ACTUALLY GAVE ME MOTION SICKNESS, CAN'T FINISH VIDEO!
Don’t use ethanol fuel!!!!! On your pump. After setting for awhile it will plug the carb.
Don’t use straps
The water tank has different levels in cubes like that because it acts as a water break to prevent the water from sloshing and building up momentum.
Please tell me you found that cricket and re-homed it
you should have bought a water truck they have all that you want to put on your truck
Should of switched the truck and fire truck round the ramp would of ment less hight to lift it..
Wont you fishtail if you put the weight too far back?
You probably want 4 drain plugs in the buttom of each section in order to empty it completely. Maybe you can combine them 4-to-1 and then into the pump.
your looking to make a minimal flow pipe on your system. they make it a lot on factories with big pumps. you can also make like a T fitting on your vacuum side of the pump wich you can swich from draining the tank to draining the resevoir, by putting 2 handvalves on both ends of the T and on the hose end you can stick it back to the tank on your truck, good luck!
The valve you're looking for is an "unloader valve", like what's on a pressure washer.
An idea for an alternative to having to go back to fill Tank on truck with old White Tank. Put it on a Trailer. Google "Water Trailer" examples.
Ok...   retired FF here.  Take your pump output and put a gated splitter on it - one to the reel, one to the tank.  Remember this though you will need to put a vent on the top of the tank if your are going to pump into it from the fire pump - otherwise you will pressurize and damage the tank.
Great system
I dont know if you will see this or not, but here is a simplistic diagram of how to accomplish the tank suction/fill with the pump and how to allow recirculation using an Unloader/Relief valve on the discharge side of the pump to manage overheating.  https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1ibve6vuUygbVspWePZxCstvfa5tcipqZmN7s8uYk6pc/edit?usp=sharing
Hi Matt.  I might be late to the game here.  But I’m a volunteer firefighter.  You’re TOTALLY on the right track with all of your thoughts and theories.  It’s really quite simple.  You just run a 3/4 (or 1/2,or 5/8, depending upon what you have already) return pipe to your tank from the supply from your pump.  Have a 90 degree ball valve installed.  When closed, it just all comes out the hose reel.  If you’re running little to no water out the hose reel,you can crack, or fully open the ball valve to return to the tank.  We have this system on our grass rigs and water tenders at our fire department.  There’s also a bit more complicated version of this on our engines.  But it follows the same basic principle.
Lol. Get different covers with bigger holes lol
The recirculating system could also be your refill
The pressure relief system could be your refilling system too
Glade you moved the water tank back Looks like getting to the spare wheel would be s little difficult get to. N8ce idea.
As far as hand tools go a few water extinguishers would be a good idea, could plumb in an air chuck to fill them and fire swatters are the cats meow for grass fires.
i can help with the truck!
Get a fire smacker
Very cool. Love the water system! Cantbwait for the fire truck demo!!! Nice seeing you, and the girls. Awesome card trick.😁
I think you mean Mere-a-thon shape!!! 😂🤣😂👍
You need an unloader valve
no axes but a few polasky tools would be handy, really good  story behind what a polasky is
Ladders - Net's - Ventilator's - Fire Extinguisher's. Your future pool water, great for emergency and why not install a water tower or fire hydrant on your property. ☺
Leaf blowers and rakes to seperate dry leaves from the fires track
The next shin lim
There is tons of companies that outfit trucks to fight wildfires I'm sure there is a very simple solution to your problem if you do some searching.
Get yourself a unloader valve ( bypass valve) for when spray nozzle is closed
You need to shoot a log skidder we have two and they arr built like a tank
Matt sounds like Mr Barbrady from south park when he was learning how to read on the chicken f' er episode lol  Just when he was explaining the batteries and tank on the fire truck
Or a secondary pump on the other 550 gallon tank. Might be good to have two if something goes wrong.
You probably would consider getting brush hooks, Pulaski’s, brush rakes and more made specifically brush fires when your truck can’t make it to the fire that is in a more remote area on the ranch.
A bigger drain will surely help
Probably late, but that's a nice ass cadillac
For keeping the water out of your house, this is kinda exactly what a "french drain" is for. Can handle a lot of water and isn't terribly difficult to install.
Instead of putting a ma Duce one to you should  put a water turret
“It’s never cold here” we only got like 6 inches of snow in 2 days
Put a water cannon on the truck
If you need truck to carry any loads you can always dump the water out to allow you more weight 👍
Use the hose reel to refill the tank. Plumb a quick disconnect into the feed side of the pump to pull from the white tank. I imagine you already plan to have a shutoff valve at the outlet of the tank.
In my opinion adding a T on your outlet with a ball valve would be the easiest way to divert the flow back to the tank. When you are ready to go flip the valve back and resume. This is the lowest tech cheapest option to protect the pump.   It is possible to automate this with a 12V  solenoid valve that could be activated with the push of a button and done even wirelessly.  A valve of this size would be rather spendy.   Lastly you could maybe get an ARC Valve. This is an Automatic Recirculation valve that senses flow drop and automatically recirculates the flow back to tank. There are continuous recirculating versions that will always be sending flow back to the tank but this wastes a portion of your pumps output so you have to upsize. These valves will be a very expensive option as they are designed for industrial centrifugal pump systems (I’m not certain you’ll find one that will match your pumps flow due to its small size).   Source: I was a hydraulic technician for 10 years.
ray j
You need a fire hose turret
Did you think about letting all the air out of the tires  So you don't have to lift the tank so high
You could put one of those Decked bed inserts with the drawers on the fire truck on the back.
Maybe the best solution to everything is , fill that tank up with diesel and gasoline and you have a huge flamethrower 🤷🏼‍♂️😝
Hold up how many cylinders does the 5 ton have again?
HIS BEARD IS TURNING GREY
those channels help maintain a little weight in the tank to help keep it in place and strapped down.  That is totally a good thing.
lots of solid help in the comments as usual glhf matt
It is too bad that your driveway is paved. There are materials that will absorb the moisture to prevent runoff. BUT I think you have come up with perfect solutions to prevent totally changing the driveway=costly issue.
Pizza
need a water turret on that turret bay. ... along with a M2
Have the ground tank above the other tank so it would gravity feed into the firetruck
I think you can get little "drain fences" similar to what we put around our shower drains to catch the leaves in a perimeter around the drain, letting water through
Wait, Matt is like Tony Stark, lots of guns and both have a Jarvis!!!!!
I would have two of those tanks on that bed and make a false deck over the top of them for extra storage and carrying capacity.
The drain systems aren't bad, but the driveway NEEDS to be replaced and graded properly away from the house. I'm guessing the house foundation settling caused the issue over time. 😑  Like the tank placement in the truck 👍 Glad to see you noticed a problem with getting the tank in the truck and found a solution 😁 I know the feeling...  A person willing to consider a stranger's suggestions, is an intelligent person. 😎
Why don't you just go to your local fire department and ask real fire fighters? Maybe they can tell you how their fire truck works and how you can build a mini version of theirs.
so is the design of the water tank notched out like that to prevent 4500lbs of water shifting as you corner and break while driving as well as give you mounting options?
Just  put the white tank on a platform  in the air  and use gravity  to fill the black  tank   will make ur black  tank fill faster  too
I am a firefighter
Go take a look at your fire-departments brush truck it will give you a good idea on how it will work out
You need a tank to pump line and a pump to to tank line honestly if you got your self a vanguard engine with a single stage pump head would be easier to plumb
You have your own Jarvis? what are you Iron man?
You need a baffled tank
Bro! I build water trucks for a living!   Message me! I will help you!
It’s called a prv valve.
Don’t be dumb.  Move it forward.  It’ll take the weight just fine.  And your plumbing will be better.
You need a valve on both of your hard lines one that will go to source (suction side) and one that hard lines up and into your fill lid (pressure side) just flip both levers on the hard lines to draft water into tank. Also they do make a pressure bypass but it might be more trouble than it’s worth. Directional driller/firefighters opinion lol
Moduce + fire truck = crap ton of awesomeness!
You know what happens after you put ALL THAT work into the drainage system.   You have a DROUGHT!
My dad is a fire fighter
Get you a gated y, rin a hose back in to tank which will act as a recirculation. Quarter turn  valve on it will let you switch hoses and keep your pump coom
That was a cool simple card trick
Matt carriker I have your fire truck solutions I'm in the Washington state army national guard and I'm currently fighting wildfires here is Washington state message me back  if ypu need help
Had to pause to explain the shape... baffles my dude. If you stop suddenly with a ton of water, it’s all going to go forwards really quickly. You find the same thing in those big tanker trucks that haul liquids.
We had many people killed or injured in LMTV roll over accidents. It was deffinately a good idea to lower the CG as much as possible.
Maybe get your welding friends to secure the tank and make a roll cage.
Whatttttttt...no axes on the truck
Nice       Feet
Just take it to your local fire house! They can give advice and they might need to call in a favour in the future regarding wildfires.
I no longer enjoy your channel. Too much about guns. We need less guns more peace.
probably been said already. But you dont have access to all 550 gallons with that tank. You probably should put a bridge pipe between the levels to get access to more of the water.
Yes, you do need a Ma deuce on your truck. I don't know if it's the firetruck, but when all is said and done, one of those trucks better have it on top.
Need to have at least 2 cross bars 2-3"square under the tank so it cannot slide under braking and ruin your plumbing
1 seat facing left 1 seat facing right between the water tang and driver cab and between the seats you could have the tools
someone send him leaf cutter ants for his drains please
Matt just put a three-way split without a valve on the pump
Thanks Jarvis!
Hay Matt if you put a pint of bleach in the tank you can let it set all summer and it will not grow algae. By the way algae will grow in black tank too just not as fast and the bleach won't hurt nothing like valves
You could use a gated y valve to make a  Resurculating line
Rig your other pump on a trailer you can pull with Tractor. Ag spray rig and fire water reservoir
THAT MILITARY TRUCK IS DESIGNED TO LOAD MAX PAYLOAD ANYWHERE IN THE BED!! Just letting you know
You need what’s called an unloader
Crickets if we are not annoying you we're not doing our job
Why not set the "ground tank" elevated like they do on construction sites for quick water tanker refills... Pull up next to it extend the hose into the 12" top on the bed and release the water... Then to refill the stationary tank set up a rain catching system like the chicken coup or Demo HQ to refill or have a trickle system from a water hose...
Hello Matt, You might want to think about putting three (3) of those drains in the tank, one in each of the compartments lower than those higher strap type molds👂, then hooking all three into one line going to your pump that gives you access to all of the water in the tank👂:  One fill point, three lowest exit points into one line to the pump!!! 👂🤔 Understand???🤔  Be safe and take care, "God Bless", sincerely, Randy. 👍👍🙏😇👊
I would put the hose reel in the front by the spare tire
i wish we would get some rain on the fires over in cali
what truck wouldn't be cooler with a ma duce
OK, I'm confused. What happened to the mansion? Too big for you, or only for weekend DemoRanch use?  I must have missed about 100 episodes.
It is illegal to collect rain water in many states
FYI I had to resubscribe to this channel.
Youll need shovels, axes, palaski axe, maybe a thingamajig, and a McLeod
I’m wondering I’ve seen a first gun dodge not to far from me that has demo ranch fire dept on the side it was originally from texas but now has an Alabama tag on it . Did you own it
On Firetrucks they have a valve called pump to tank. This keeps the pump cool while idle.
Matt, put a water nozzle on a turret
you need a turret on top
Matt, Our local fire department has spray systems in the front and back of the trucks they don’t spray a huge volume of water but they help with entering and exiting tricky situation in the brush fires we have here in Northern Nevada. Good luck
Hi  Why not use two pumps. One pump to empty one pump to fill the tank. There is plenty room for two pumps. Just thought
Tool wise you need scraping tools for putting in line rhinos or rouge hoes
Is it just me or do the video lag
Just buy a firetruck and make it beefy. Problem solved.
Nice to see the kids on the video. Can’t believe how much they have grown.
Matt..   Battleborn Batteries with an electric pump.  Forget about gas and trying to start a small engine during an emergency.
Hey Matt, 35 years retired firefighter here. Your going to want to build your brush fire truck as close to a real fire truck. If you don’t it will break down. I suggest talking to the fire chief and then whoever’s in charge of vehicle maintenance. Go in and visit them ask them to show you what they do with their trucks they might even help you but you really need to spec it out otherwise you’re gonna kinda regret it. You do need to use real NFT National fire thread connections keep your inch and a half hose you might need to extend a couple hundred feet from the truck to fight fire. Don’t forget you might want to have a place to hold several 5 gallon totes of basically soap this helps the water to penetrate much better than straight water. We call this wet water it’s usually 1 gallon of soap to 500 to 700 gallons of water. There’s so much more but you got yourself a good start there. All power to your brother. Fireman Sam from Orange County Florida
The bit about the fire engine... I'm like how hasn't Matt mounted a big ass turret gun on a flatbed like that and right when I thought well guess not he teases putting a WWII machine gun on the roof lol
Build utility box around it
you should put a water cannon on the turret and put brush nozzles in the front MATT
Put a fire hose turret in the gunner’s nest!
Just when I thought this couldn’t get any better they added magic!
Actually 595gal tank, which is not made I know, but 550 is....took me like 20 min to do the math😂w/o calculator, pen or paper...
have had a few sets of BFG all terrains over the years. my favorite tires by far!
Like once a week??
Ever thought about sweeping/blowing off debris??
to have the recurculating thing you could have another pipe along your pipe to the reel that you open when not in use and close the pipe to the reel
MATT- You HAVE GOT to find that cricket OMG it is driving me nuts. LOL
Isn't it strange that as you grow older you get excited about things like drains cut in your driveway.
It’s a 12 inch fill hole sooooo put an 8 inch drain pipe out of a gravity tank
What you want matt is a EWS which is a emergency water supply. Which we here in the UK  have in woodlands which is a pit that is full of rain water at strategic points of the forest ( knowing that the demo ranch has a stream that runs through it). But in texas with  hot weather a concrete pit with a cover and quick conect pipe coming out of the ground and the capacity for a few fills would be better and no evaporation or people falling in.
Tank to Pump back to Tank!  Small diversion valve that allows recirculation.
Matt! That spot in the back between the cab and the tank. Put a monitor there!
Lol didn't you just have a ice storm last winter that left Dallas and other cities down with power outages . Never say never .
maybe a weird question, but was Mere not a mechanical engineer? Should she not be able to think of a simple hydraulic system to hook everything up? Also, it is pretty bad putting solid pipes on a vehicle, you are better of using pressure hoses (black rubber with nylon reinforcement) since a vehicle tends to warp and flex when you go over uneven terrain.
How about a water cannon turret?
What is NF?
Matt: *Put your load in the back* me: gigles 😅🤷‍♂️
That pipe problem seems like post10 could solve it with his in depth knowledge of culverts
Careful with the hard pipe. The chassis and bed are meant to flex a lot.
Demo its called a unloader valve
But will that tank filled with water, stop a 50bmg round? Hmmmmmm a possible Demo ranch episode?
Be careful showing that drainage... you might end up with post 10 clearing your flooded driveway in the middle of the night. Lol
Ma Deuce Turret is mandatory
Go and speak with the Fire Dept's Pumper Engineer, he should be able to explain and give you directions and might even be willing to help.
Put 2 more foldable seats one on each side for 2 extra pleople
Your manifold should be close to your pump so that everything is accessible for  one man operation simultaneously... You can have a reel at the back but one up front also close to the manifold out the side will help with hose management for the manifold/pump operator. Also give him quick access to run a line to a seat on the bed upfront to spray and ride, or up to the cab for the driver.... You want to make it so the least amount of people are required to operate it on the move or stationary... Wind is your enemy and things happen quickly out there...
Matt I think you forgot about when it snowed for almost a week straight in Texas
Have the white tank raised above the ground, getting suction in the line in an emergency takes forever when you're fighting gravity. Pro Tip!!
Talk to your local fire dept. and copy their trucks, I thought all the boys in Texas belonged to a volunteer fire department
Magic trick blew my mind lol
Is the firetruck maduce thing going on offtheranch or demolitionranch? Car building is on one channel, guns on the other.
I had a grass fire on the farm a few years ago that spread like wildfire, (yes, I typed that) and with only me and another guy there, I called the volunteer fire department.  The first one to arrive, a very big man, got out of his truck, said nothing, and put on a gasoline powered backpack blower.  I was thinking, "Great, this guy thinks I need help to finish burning off the field, and he's going to make sure it happens quickly."  Within 20 minutes, the rest of the volunteers had arrived, and together, they knocked that fire down in no time, even though it was moving fast in a 15 mph breeze.  I suggest having a blower or two on your truck.  You may not believe it until you see it, but that's all they used, even though the dead grass was 2 feet tall and the fire had already burned 5 acres of a 9 acre field in those 20 minutes.
What you need is @post 10
A little tank like that isn't going to put out a fire. We used a tank like that in South Africa (pulled by a tractor) for setting pre-emptive fires. You use the water and fire beaters to control the direction of your fire into the wildfire. So you control burn around your property before an out of control fire arrives, and when it does arrive there's no fuel for it to burn your house down. So, some fire beaters, shovels and fire drip bottles would be useful.
That cricket just vibin
You went to Megan Rapinoe Subway??!
Dude put all of that driveway watering to  a sediment separation box and then into a dedicated cistern about ten thousand gal   ten by ten by ten concrete six inches thick with number five rebar tied eight inch by eight inch
Temperature sensor on the pump trips relay to servo high side to recirculate to tank
You must put sprinklers around truck,in case you are ambush by the fire.
The corrugations in the tank are inherent strengtheners.  That think would deform without them.  Your choice of a hose reel makes you a lot brighter than many U.S.  fire departments.  Most other countries use them but for some unfathomable reason your countries fire depts, for the major part, won't use them and while they wrestle with full bore hose plus an adequate water supply (it takes a lot of water to fill full bore hose the fire is growing.   Hose reels are already full of water).  You might consider two gallon water extinguishers as first aid equipment plus AFFF for vehicle fires and a Dry Powder for electrical fires.  Dry Powder extinguishers carried on vehicles need to be agitated as regular maintenance as the vibration of the vehicle compacts the powder making it clog the nozzle.  We upended ours every change of watch.  General purpose lines for hauling aloft as fires don't always start at ground level.  That means you need a GP ladder and with that comes a requirement for additional crew.  You see how this grows exponentially?  If it is going to be mainly used for grass fires you may want to consider a full width sparge pipe on the lower front for rapid fire suppression and self extraction.  It CAN be gravity fed from the tank but to both sides for even projection otherwise it needs to be connected to the pump. The tank should have restrainers fitted to the truck bed to stop lateral movement.  You cannot rely on flexible straps for that purpose.  For refilling your tank you either need a water main which is pressure fed or elevate your storage tank and let gravity do the work.  Fire appliances don't use pumps to refill except for water relays using intermediate pumps or pumping from open water.  I think elevating your secondary supply is your best bet but paint it black if being stored outside...algae can be a bitch.  It means of course you will need to fill that tank via your pump unless you can tap into the water main.
No plumbing experience here at all. Buuut. If there really is a way to make a presure relief valve recirculating back into the tank, couldn't he also just plumb an extra quick release fitting in that he connects his refill tank up to for refilling with a pump. I agree that he should consider the water tower method, but that is considerably harder to do.
When you get that hose reel and rubber hose maybe think about a sun protection for the hose if the truck is sitting in the Texas sun for days at the ranch.
i have to know is matt just playing a part or is he honestly this clueless???
You know some fire trucks have a water cannon on a rotating turret like a 50 cal.
#shouldajustboughtarealfiretruck
My demo ranch F1 airsoft rifle 😊
Def mount the gun on the fire truck. Theres no reason not to.
All Fire trucks have a tank fill and a tank to pump valve. so if you are not pumping water through a hose you can open the tank to pump and tank fill so it just recirculates. it can all be done with hard pipes and ball valves. for the tank and the lower part i would just put some pipes connecting them all at the bottom seems like a big task but it will make all the water usable in the tank.
recirculate
I would Carry a Pulaski, chainsaw 3 foot bar minimum, hoe, shovel, drip torch. And medical supplies
Recirculating line with a control valve would solve your problem of a heated pump. My best opinion,  a 1/2 in line (gated) from your discharge line flowing back into you tank. Ask a fire pump/apparatus mechanic for specifics  on a best recalculating design.
I can't believe the size of that truck it's only rated to such a little amount 😳 Kinda think you really need a fire truck like Cleetus has!
Someone call Post 10 he'll get that sorted out.
I can come do this for you I was in the Navy for 9 years on a submarine. MM1 auxiliary no non sense just common sense lol or i can just FaceTime and explain what to do!
Yo man, I feel like the drains clogging issue could be easily resolved by having drains that aren't flush with the ground. Like if you had a convex dome, or even just a perforated box, the leaves would collect all around the edges, and then when the water rose enough it would just go over the leaves and into the drain. Probably why storm drains on roads go up into the curb, rather than just being flat on the roadway.
Matt: hears cricket  Also matt:wheres my 50 cal
demo ranch needs an MRAP :P
You will be handling brush fires so you do need an axe, shovel,  chain saw to make wind breaks to help stop the fire.  Plus , hit it with the water.
What about water tank up in the roof. You fill that tank in flash. The water dump down into the truck. And  you don't have to do so much to fill it up.
Get a T-Fitting for the inlet side and just use your fire hose to fill the tank and a QD fitting for the outside tank.
Time to cut down the tree!  lol
Work deck  above the tank
you get a like for the magic trick.
Maybe for a recirc valve use a spring losded pressure valve in line with the spray nozzle. That way when the nozzle is closed the water pressure over comes the spring and keeps the water flowing in a loop from pump to tank and vice versa. That way it solves both problems of recirculation and idling when not in use.
You have room for a canon on the front of the bed.
I think I have it figured out. But did you want to draft off a lake and pressurize the hose reel at the same time?
For  recirculation of the water use a  2 way brass splitter, then turn off the hose end and open the return valve
Defiantly put the maduse  on there
You should do steal pipe so it's more durable with the sun light
You and RIVERS lmao
Pretty crazy that trucks payload is only 5k
The rain catch is actually a really cool idea I love it it’s so simple and it works
So Ummm what happened to the driver rear window Matt? Get a little close the something or did someone try getting in or did you lock the keys in it lol
its not hard at all to put a valve on, to either use as suction from outside source or the tank on the truck. and yes, they do make valves to recirculate,  can either be manual or pressure actuated. I used to build brush trucks. If Texas wasn't so far from me I would love to come help.
it will still grow nasty stuff in it. just toss some clorox or pool shock into it when you fill it and it will be good to go.
You need to talk to some wildland fire fighters. Shovels are for taking dumps in the woods, not fighting fires. You need Pulaskis, Macleods, flappers, and hoes. Save a space for a yeti cooler for water and Gatorade! And you're set!
if you move to a PTO driven water pump... you will be much better off in the long run. There are fabricators that actually know what they are doing in regards to portable pumping systems and fire trucks, ask them what you can do.
Put tank saver in it
two words "WATER CANON"
Make a recirculation circuit (Sends water from the pump to the tank, basically a circle that's what r brush truck has
Still own skiff???
Get another predator engine from harbor freight for ur water pump that’s gonna stay at home so u have 2 pumps and hoses
Just get a back pressure regulator/valve. When backpressure is high valve opens and have it set to recirc to the tank. Another option could be a FulFlo valve but those a probably more of a pain to modify set pressure.
I really didn't think you were an NF guy
First video I watched was shotput to the skull. 10 years ago
This Christmas tree bonfire video is gonna be so epic that Matt’s get his own firetruck
Hey Matt, I saw another youtuber Wranglerstar who built a wildland fire truck setup and he installed a method to use a hard rubber suction hose to enable refilling tank by sucking water out of a nearby pond or lake or stream, called "drafting". This may save you time from having to return all the way to the home base to refill water. He has a lot of good ideas you may want to watch this video Part 8 of a series labeled "One Mans Junk" Here is the final test video finale in case you want to watch it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNQBd6hvP8E
“It’s never cold here it’s texas”  *remembers like 6 months ago when hell froze over in texas*
Have them welding boys come in weld a frame and put a deck on top of the water tank and have them put together a box in the space Infront of the tank. This way you have storage Infront of the tank and the back and can also hide some piping as well
For your drainage issue nice job but what would normally do is dig trench along the foundation, use special water resistant sealer to seal the foundation wall. Then put in 4” or large penetrated pipe and cover with gravel. This to allow the water to drain Off.  As for you water container since it’s 3 separate bays why not put in 3 taps to pull water from the bottom of the tank. As for your pump you need a T returning to the tank with adjustable relief valve allow for water to return to tanks when water flow is not going out the hose.
All you need is a pressure relief valve recirculated back into the suction pipe. If you want to fill with the tank run an extension off the suction pipe with a check valve followed by a block valve into your quick connect.
Why didn’t you just get an all in one skid unit to put in the truck like I suggested months ago?
I'd put some square stock under the side without the pump. Angle the water to the outlet
Honestly it would be easier to have a second pump to refill the truck or else you’re going to get into needing hard suction and a primer pump and having to figure out how to creat suction through the tank. But as far as the deck gun look up blitzfire nozzles
I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure a 2.5 ton truck can carry 5 tons...
I've done directional drilling and our trailers had 350 gallon tanks on them take a look at how their system works cause they had 3 way valves to pump back and forth between the tank on the drill and the tank on the trailer
How about putting another pump on the backup tank to pump into the one on the truck?
Idk…kinda remember Texas freaking out last winter..😐
The tank is designed like that to prevent sloshing.
Should have went bigger tank
that nf plug made my day. nf has been my #1 for years. love it , love what you do matt keep it going
Is there any concern of that hard pipe cracking when the truck flexes when driving?
matt just another matt here and let me just say from matt to matt , the fire truck needs an Lmg mounted behind the water to protect it you know from .... umm pirates or out of total control fires ...lol
NF!!!! Yes, the best for cardio.
If only Matt and Mere had a different house they could move to. One that appears to have ground sloping away so it will have no drainage problems.
You should put the water tank above the rear axle
Super powerful water turret on the top of the fire truck
There is obviously no knowledge of building houses or roads in Taxas .... Much more sensible to have a water cannon on the roof ... controlled from the inside ....
And what about /// lines in the side of the house to catch leaves as the water runs down.  Like micro retaining walls.. what keeps dirt from washing away might slow the plugging of the drains until you make big boy drains
I bought a pair of Raycon earbuds I think before you bought the house on the hill for the abandon mansion series.. I'm still using them
Should use tees so you can have a hose to the bottom of each loaf. That way you can use all your water. I know it is easier said than done but it's a thought
had a 1000 gam alum round tank I would have  traded ya for some merchandise
A product called redguard should be used on the subterranean wall in that area that needs waterproofed we've used it for shower pans and similar applications as well as tile repairs over cracked slabs
I gotta give it to her she tricked me pretty good and I never get tricked by magic tricks like that
More weight in the back may prevent the front of the truck from burying itself in the mud, at demo ranch.
Pretty sure that's a septic tank.
U need a pump with a bypass
Do a recyclating loop with a valve and a tee
Order a valve system like the ones we use on our apparatuses
You need a distribution bar. Has the pressure line in from the pump and multi outputs with ball valves inline. That will allow you to quickly swap from the hose to recerculate the tank.
You should not hard pipe if anything moves they might brake. Special since it’s on a big as truck that moves side to side every time you hit a bump
A pump that shuts down when the water isn't  being sprayed would work well in that application.
Does the tank fit if you turn it 90 degrees? (I would do that if its possible) also why did you not let someone weld a aluminium tank?
You might want to weld metal on the sides and bottom to help keep the pump cleaner
You need Post 10 for your drainage problem
For the hose real idea, on our brush truck we have a electric rubber hose reel mounted on top of our tank that is sitting in the back of the bed then we have a generator sitting on the end of the bed. We have a push button on a control panel that reels in the hose so all we gotta do is guide it and make sure it doesn’t bunch up
They take hawkers they are some heavy sob
I figured I'd see more iron man comments. Matt has his own Jarvis😆
Do it right, turn the tank 180 so the fill is to the rear, 6 metal posts welded down around the loaf slices, then you can put a platform on top of it for spare hoses and seats for anyone fighting. Helps keep the sun off the tank, and gives you some more space for gear.
I love listening to NF
When I hauled saltwater our pumps pressurized and pulled vacuum on the tank itself. Pump ported into the top of the tank and hose(s) ported at the bottom-rear. A two-way pump covers filling and blowing without running water through the pump itself. A two-way also gives you a neutral position to keep the pump running without moving water, and depressurizing the tank
JARVIS IS STACKED FOR A SKINNY DUDE. More Jacked Jarvis cameos plz. Plus the name just screams Matt's new pew pew friend
Put the white tank up high and a valve on bottom, so gravity empties it out into the new tank in a shorter time without having to use the pump.
Install a gated Y right above the pump, you’ll be able to shut off the water supply from the main water storage to the pump, find a section of hard suction hose( drafting hose) and connect that to the other side of the gated Y and drop that in the secondary tank, once you have that all hooked up just you the same nozzle on the back of the rig you’re going to install to fill the primary tank
Hey matt my dad bought 2 1” electric hose reels for what we thought we could use for irrigation on trees but we can’t do it with them if you want to buy them just message me
You should probably pipe all the lower sections of that tank together so you don't get below those tie down areas and have water that you can pump
"Its never cold here"...... Did you forget about last winter.....? Half of texas' pipes exploded.
Storage for Oxygen,  just incase. FIRE shelter or some would say bake potato sleeping bag. Storage for spare Nomaxs.
"It's never cold here, it's Texas" Someone's already forgot about Snowmageddon this year in Texas I guess.
Retired Firefighter/Medic. You need Flappers. I prefer a car wash sprayer on the end of the hose. I worked in a rural area with a grass fire season every year.
Do you still have the knife company with lunkers?
3:52 "Never cold here"??? Matt, do you not remember February? You had frozen pipes.
Banjo 3 way ball valve on pump intake with one inlet from tank and one going to quick connect for hose to house tank. Also same 3 way ball valve on discharge with discharge going to tank and hose reel. For pump bypass just 1/2 ball valve going to tank  a automatic valve might restrict max pressure at hose reel.
Matt, wouldn't it be easier to buy surplus fire truck equipment, (manifold, valves, hose reel, etc.) than fabricate the same from scratch?
matt, when you fill the tank using the pump just take the cap off so it doesnt build pressure in the tank.
You will need a 2 way valve
The refilling system is really simple, I’ll make a drawing of it and share it on Instagram.
What is nf music?
You should do a removable half cargo rack above the tank and make bolt down straps for the tank so if you need to remove it you can
Magic trick got me good 😂
Hey I think u should get 4 smaller fittings and connect them so u can get every drop out of it. Put them at the bottom of each section sence u have those ribs to stop u from sucking the water out if u used only one. U can also take 2 water fittings and put one on the top of one side and one on the bottom just below that one and connect a clear hose in between  those two fittings so u can tell the water level without popping the top to look down inside it. Do that on both sides so u can tell on from either side.
This thing is starting to resemble my local CFA's trucks  We have trucks like those in Australia, crazy amount of Tech behind them tho 👌
Get a redash retractable 1"hose real they are amazing and really durable
Matt has a Jarvis matt is iron man
Make sure you join the hard piping with soft adaptors to allow for movement and vibrations. Also the resirc valve is VERY important, all of our appliances in my Fire Brigade are fitted with it as are any in the world. I feel a way you could do it is the pipe at the tank at the back near your outlet and just a simple transfer valve to move the water into the tank on demand, electric or manual it all is an option and not too difficult.
Rycon are one of the worst sounding head phones out there DID YOU EVEN LISTEN TO THEM ? NO FUCKING SHAME
Pump from the pool instead of the separate tank that way it doesn’t waste space and no algae
What , no mounting for something bigger than a 50 cal
Hey Matt, consider a pressure switch and auto on/off.
Matt I’m a volunteer firefighter from Perth, Western Australia and if you’d like I could send you photos and a video of the fire trucks I use via email. It sounds like the system we have on our light tanker would suit you the best as it’s a simple manual valve system
Werenis the bronco
The house we had in Houston had a foot and half tall flower bed about foot wide, you only had to sand bag the doors and the garage it even had 2 sump pumps ready for hurricanes lol
FYI: you driveway is fucked up.
Might as well throw a pressure washer on that bad boy at this point lol
I really like how u are with your kids it lovely dream childhood
Unloader valve is what you need
The recirculating valve is just simply called a bypass or a load off valve
ARC valve, automatic recycle valve
BRONCO UPDATE!!
You need a napsack sprayer and fire beaters on that truck. Just use Your quick full pipe to mix the water when it's on and the hose is closed. The water will just circulate
The reason the tank is like that, is because it baffles the load. I.e. it stops the water from sloshing around.
Matt, maybe build another water collection thing up a nearby hill at the range. Use a huge tank, like 5000 gallons. That way you can use gravity to fill the fire truck. Plus it would be out of the way.
U can put a purge valve on the pump line to the hose wheel.
Just a tip if you want to fill it with the pump through the whole you drain it through the whole world half to be ate the top bc the water staying at the bottom it will push water back
I've never seen a PVC release valve. But they make brass ones, threaded, and you can get a glue to screw PVC coupler for said treaded pressure relief valve
Why pump water uphill from a "ground tank" when you can mount that tank 20' in the air and use gravity to accelerate your refill from it?
Ma deuce time
Matt, all you need to do is attach a manifold/distribution block after the pump, attach your hose and a pressure relief to separate outputs of the manifold and route the relief back into the tank
Check valves are your friend.
Pressure washer have a relief valve that dump back to tank.
Talk to the Engineer at the local fire station.  He can tell you how to set it up.
I just hope you un clogged the drains , that you clogged with your feet 🤣
Buy a fire flapper for grass fires. It's basically a big mud flap with a handle. Super handy for little smoldering areas.
You should make a  frame over the top of the tank so you can mount something or storage.
Unloader valve
Matt, Keep fuel stabilizer & fuel storage stabilizer around for all machines and vehicles to keep fuel fresh when not in use!
brooms brooms and more brooms. a water can and dont skimp on your reel bite the bullet and get a powered reel. those are the main items we use on our brush truck.
Matt, Need to install off/on power supply switch I will keep your batteries from draining or unhook cables from terminals when not in use. Presto fixed
Or cut some holes in the deck of the truck, and pipe straight down out the bottom of the tank into a single manifold
🤣 Don’t need a MaDeuce?… cue cricket chirping… Now that’s what I call timing 🤣
Haven’t read all the comments.  When you hard  pipe the hose reel. Put a tee and  a ball valve in the line that leads back to the tank. This can can act as a hose bypass so you don’t burn the pump.  also if you hook the green hose from the white tank to the pump you can fill without having to reverse the pump.  If done it will also prevent from having a really complicated manifold setup with a bunch of different valves leading different directions. You will have one ball valve to turn that will either circulate water or feed the hose reel for putting out fires
Question?  Why is there a Pelican case mounted under the bed?
MATT!!!!! Have you considered tilting the tank slightly to get more water to the outlet pipe? Maybe raise the front (or back) 4-6 inches?
Gravity feed from fill tank. Just need to paint the white tank black and build a steel structure for  fill tank.
Keeping a chainsaw on it may not be the worst idea
You have to have a fireman's axe brother
"It's never cold here..." Let's go to the wayback machine to winter 2021.  :D
these are giangt trucks goes to show whistlin diesels new truck
What happened with the white puppers did you keep him or find his family
Check into as your building Fire Truck , BEEING ABLE TO USE IT AS A POWER WASHING TRUCK ( pump system ) as well , for your new house , Business Building , I have the Powerline Industries trailer , Choice of Multiple colors , Your truck can be Mostly Fire , but capable for PW needs
You should use a PTO off that Cat for a pump
Your downspouts should’ve been run away from the house to begin with….
Should've just ordered a skid unit buddy lol it would've done all you're wanting to do
Use 2 Two way ball valves, one on the intake of the pump (one direction will come from the tank and go to the pump feed) the other (will go from your green hose as a feed to the pump from your white tank and then also the the pump feed).   The second 2 way valve will be for your recirculation function and your 1inch water hose. (one direction will recirculate back into the holding tank and the other direction of the valve will go to your (delivery hose). We use these in the fuel industry for direction to either a hose reel or a high flow drop hose/
Matt, you really do need a 5" deck monitor for that fire truck. Also, I agree with Scott Hayes about using the other tank as a personal water tower for super fast gravity assisted refills. You don't need the water tower to be refilled fast but you do want it to release its contents as fast as possible. Good luck!
Going back to fuel on a vehicle the make a regulator that keeps so much pressure on the line and sends the rest back to the tank
*Matt, you definitely need a Ma Duce on the fire truck. Just don't tell Mere ;)*
Go to Amazon and order squirter guns for your grill on the fire truck so you can spray on the go or to prank your kids
Whats with the greying hair?
I think it needs an optional water canon on the back i'm shore you could make one easily for quite cheap it would be cool!
I have extensive experience with plumbing on large trucks.  I work on hydroexcavators and jetter trucks.  I am in Texas and would be happy to help you figure out how to make your system do what you want.  Message me and we’ll talk.
just put in a French drain the rock bed and it will fix it!
19:00 Yes. I have a fire hydrant on my 60 acres in Texas...maybe I'll copy you lol.
fire trucks have a recirculation system that also helps keep the pump from over heatting
you need a minimum flow bypass line
"This is harder than I though!"  Then for 0.4 seconds: "That's what she said."
How about putting a black tarpaulin over the white tank Matt, to slow down the likelihood of the water going green?
Doesn't the truck have a PTO you can use to run a pump?
Get that tank against the bulkhead. You want the load over the spine. Otherwise, it'll feel like you've got the Plymouth Rock on the bed
You should bed the tank to keep it from wearing through over time. also need some flexible connection between the tank and pump, and pump and hose reel connection.
You are over thinking the weight. That thing will haul a lot more than 5 thousand pounds
pressure bypass valve
In an RV application with external water pump for fresh water tank, water has to be available  or pump will burn up. An auxiliary  switch is used to turn pump on/off. Automotive factory  build for EFI put the fuel pump in gas tank to cool pump. It would burn out from heat of operating temp, if external. So, think about manual start/stop, or tank cooling. Maybe you were thinking that. I only got part of it.
Matt, don’t use pvc pipe…
Isn't Mere an engineer?
Matt, you should reach out to the guys on the Welker Farms channel. They found an electronically controlled water cannon to mount on one of their sprayer tractors for fighting fires..
You want a deluge Gun for the roof
When are we changing the into to subtract the hummer and swap in the 5ton?
Matt fill the tank and go to a truck stop weight it and you get even weight on axles. Pvc is not gonna hold up to with vibration.
So anyone else thinking this man owns a forklift and a bobcat...why not use them
You should harness the rain water for your fire truck 🚒
For your pressure problems if you're going to hard pipe it you can always teg in a pressure release valve they use for hot water system you just have to figure out your proper your psi
Sing
Cause
Cause
Cause
Cause
We
We
Sad
We
We
Cause
GLORIA
Update
Since you have so much room on the back of that you should get a hose reel that's able to fit underneath a tripod with a controllable water cannon on a swivel  base 🥳
Not 100% on this but I know when we draft water from the porter tank in my fire department we run a second line in the porter tank to recirculate the water when no ones use it so we do not lose are suction some think like that may work for the engine getting hot but may lose pressure but you could put a valve on the one line to the tank and only it when your not useing your attack line will the engine is running
Plus, worst case scenario, you can pump from your pool or the rainwater system at demo hq
As a fire-fighter trust me you always want a axe on your vehicle, say for thing like fallen trees ect. Ps how's the new shed going time for a update lol
The way your water tank is manufactured it looks like it's supposed to keep the water from sloshing around too much just like baffles in a water tank of a fishing ship.
Generator and an electronic pump
Water pump and cannon in front of the tank would be 😎
You should put  a loading crane on the fire truck, like a PALFINGER or a HIAB. It be more useful if you can attach a hose and pump on the crane so you can put out fire from a far if the fire is too dangerous to be close to it
Matt: My drains are clogging.  Post 10: *Heavy Breathing*
https://youtu.be/Shx5MyYH-f4
Put the hose reel up front of the tank. Less piping, more pressure,  cleaner look. Plus the fact you will have all the room for storage behind it.
Matt done bought a GIANT P-Mag....
The Form is to LIMIT THE SPLASHING MOMENTUM
Here's a link another YouTube video but do stuff for a living they may be able to help you learn anything you need.https://youtu.be/oQzzpOhZtQw
What? Wife come in mail? I wanna see "plastic Nancy "
You need to go look at a fire brush truck it's what the fire department's used to do is basically what you're wanting to do if something was to happen on your
You need to get your driveway crackfilled and sealed if you lived in wisco I could do it for ya 😂, but on a serious note looks like it's cracking up really bad and seems it hasn't Been sealed for quite a few years
"I got something new!" Matt's life slogan. Materialism to the max!
Matt, The tank is a baffle tank the best way to get all the water out the tank most efficiently is to have each section have an outlet plumbed into a full size manifold (could be under the deck) which is then connected to your pump. One outlet will allow many gallons of water to be left in the tank and even worse depending on the angle you park the truck which rarely will be level.
Dude, I am so shocked when you said you always listen to NF… so shocked because I always listen to him no matter what!
Love them KO2s but you will burn thru them quickly. I had a 2500 and the KO2s lasted me less than 40 k
If you put the M2 on top, you could fight fire with fire power
You don't want to pump the water in from the bottom of the tank. You'll get too much back pressure and the pump won't even be able to fill it all the way.
Move the tank more to the back and use the middle pass through to mount the hose and other things. It's closer to get to once you get out of the truck, it's in the middle so you have equal distance all the way around the truck to get to "fires". Also the truck was made to have most of the weight over the rear axle, so you really should have it all over the rear axle. More weight towards the front will result with heavier steering and other problems.
On your hard piping you will need flexible joints
Shovels rakes and might as well have an axe on there!
Fill it full with water. Head to a CAT scale, throw just the front wheels on, jump up and hit the button.  Say "First weigh", "no truck number it's private".  Go in get scale ticket.  Then do same for rear axles.  Then you'll know if ya got your weights spread out like you want.
a recirculating system only needs 3 valves and some plumbing its not bad.
its a baffled tank to prevent the water sloshing around inside tank, is safer.  ps i think you did everything the doctor said not to do, touch wood back is still good.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3NanMal1ArKWUtPacO6DcA/videos
After securing the tank, build a "floor" that straddles the front 3/4s of the tank.  You would have the front couple of feet, the back 3 feet and a "mezzanine" for stuff.
Need a rack full of rakeho’s or McLeod tools for brush fires. Maybe a couple of knapsacks for backpack firefighting
Our fire truck has a recirc valve for the exact reason that the pump won’t over heat
Instead of asking the demolitia, ask professional fire fighters
يجماعه في عرب هان اجاني هالفيديو 😂😂😂
I thing the best part of the vid was the Magic Trick !!
At least the cricket didn't attack you.
Connect an elevated 2000+ gallon tank to a pump and well or rain catchment system. The elevated water tank with a 6inch dump valve can gravity feed 500 gallons into your fire truck in less than 10 minutes...around 5 minutes. The elevated tank should have a automatic refill valve like a giant sized toilet tank valve and refill itself when its low.
Matt plum each baffle into one feed line to pump
Cock and valve value
That’s not stupid. It’s smart
can you hook the white tank up to demo ranch HQs rainwater water tank as like an overflow?  then when you need to fill the firetruck you can use rainwater?
It's ironic that I'm watching the video while it's raining here
Forget the white tank. Use your swimming pool to refill in a hurry!
The real question is, who doesn't need a ma-duce  on any kind of truck.
You might want to run a manifold setup on that tank. Have a fitting and pipe from each of the 4 "loaves" come to one central pipe. That way all 4 sections will drain evenly.... maybe over thinking this a little.... I dunno
Explaining the tank to weight ratio would have been so easy in metric 😅 a 1x1x1 meter tank holds 1000 liters of water. 1 liter of water weights 1 kilogram. And 1000 kilograms are nicknamed as "a metric tonne"
NF is the best love his music
Mere should start her own Run called a "Mere-athon"
It's baffled so the water don't slosh front to back as much, when you stop and go
Hey slash, is that bag resisting you?
Yes, you want to use pump to fill up the tank for the time you have a pool at your not abandoned mansion. You will have much more gallons of water, beyond 550 gal white tank.
I would turn the tank sideways. Will give you more room. Also, before you hard mount it, fill it up and have it weighed to properly distribute the weight. Their should be a truckstop near you with a set of Cat scales.
Leve the tank as far forward as possibly
What about a 4 way valve? We use them for the  same purpose you are using. And I think if you position it in between the in/out positions it will circulate the water in a loop. I know they come in 2”. If you position the lever between it leaves it partially open in all direction which will allow the pump to circulate some water and not burn out until you are ready to pump. It also eliminates some lines and takes up less space.
You need to bring the fire truck to California and fight all this fires for us
Why does this guy have so much problems with flooding.
I love my K02s on my truck. Great tire. Kevlar in the sidewalls 👌 very nice
Just use the green hose mat it for tank movement purposes they use it on spray tenders
Don’t worry about the pressure relief valve, the pump will be fine running with your nossle closed for a few minutes, i work with a very similar tank and pump every day and honestly it will just be way more complicated and even without it your pump will last longer than you will need. I pump 5-10k gallons every day and the pump Ive got is 3 years old and still running fine
Do you know what a river is Matt? A 4 inch wide ditch is not a river.. lol
Just FYI, your thumbnail clips on a computer browser are all your Raycon promo parts of the video. Garbage earphone promos are definitely not going to get you any more clicks.
.50 BMG API starts fires, remote actuated water canon puts out fires.
I saw the cage and my first thought was oh lord he bought a Tiger.  Lol
The drop pipe going to the pump make it a “Y” pipe or F pipe that goes to the top of the tank with two valves so you can use as intended or fill.
Attach the other water tank to the water collection system at the demo ranch head quarters on your new property. You would have a storage with a reserve and it would self fill when used by rain. You probably could even burry it so being white wouldn’t matter.
Recommend an electric hose reel with remote control. Huge improvement to normal reel. They come with a hand crank as a backup.
I think you should put feelers out across the country . Watch for a  Military O.D.  Firetruck to hit DRMO , and buy that . Sell that truck . Just get a Military 4X4 that has went the DRMO ... Gubs
Call your local truck washing company and they will have all the info you'll need
Keep as much weight as possible between the wheels
Isn't Meredith always in marathon shape? It's just you, Matt, that need to get into marathon shape.
Matt, you have a rainwater station at Demo Ranch 1.0, already.  Just rig it up as an overfill station to your rainwater collection station and just spray paint it black or build a overhang for it to keep the sun off of it.  And use that to refill it when you empty the tank.  Then, use some of you're piping to to route any overflow to your newly built river
What NF songs you listen to?? Cause I love nf
In the fire pump world for electric pumps there's a thing called a casing relief valve. It flows at a certain pressure while is sitting idle and stop flowing when the pressure drops from it flowing.
Are you selling or renting your current home once you move?
Just buy a used fire truck
roman atwood collab soon? smile more t-shirt making its way on your channel
I would strongly recommend adding a flex section in your hard plumbing between tank/pump and pump/hose reel. No matter how securely you fasten things down on a vehicle, things are going to flex and end up cracking your PVC. Hope you see this Matt!!
Rig up a manifold to run all your circuits you require using valves and a pressure relief circuit back to tank.
Ma deuce for the fire truck with incendiary rounds and some tracers yes you need a Ma deuce on the top of the fire truck
I feel like we are going to see Nightmare again not soon but soon meaning once the Abandoned Mansion is a House we will be seeing yes you guessed it Nightmare
Who here misses The Loud and Proud Nightmare The ULTRA 4 RIP Nightmare
For the circulation just have a t fitting come after the pump going in the tank with a valve at say 500 psi whatever you run the pump at plus’s 100psi for piping in the tank I don’t know I would put a second pump with a valve going to the tank
On your discharge for the pump, install a secondary line that runs back to the tank. On the fire department it used to be a member of, we called it a recirculation valve. The secondary line doesn't have to be very big, and the hose can simple drop into the top of the tank. You can control it with a simple T-style shut off valve. One time we had a temporary pump installed on the truck which was overheating because someone didn't install a way to recirculate the water, so I simply dropped a secondary hose line into the top of the tank with it cracked open to insure the pump didn't over heat.  Essentially all your trying to do is keep water moving through your pump all the time, without wasting the water. No special valves or overthinking needed.
You needed man sized drains. Those are small and girlie. You are a Texan man! Do Texas big.
Matt get a electric starter for the Honda make things easier. You thinking if building a pond @ the ranch
Get union valves to easily change flow of  water to fill up tank.
All you have to do is T off the output with a valve back into your tank. Close valve when using and open valve when not so it recirculates
All you had to was park your truck perpendicular with fire truck and push it on.
Never cold in Texas but last yr had a big freeze and couldn't get plumbing anywhere in Texas.
Matt hears cricket, stops and thinks to himself did I just make a joke, then remembers he's talking about Master Chief
Put a waddle on the upstream side of your drains.
cut the drain in the bottom of the tank, and put one drain in each chamber so you can drain the tank completely. Just T all the drains together into one pipe that feeds into your pump
You mentioned using straps instead of welding in stakes or something of that nature to secure the tank in place. I would weld beefy stakes in and also use the stakes as legs to a shelf made of corrugated/expanded metal above the tank. Then you could mount a cheaper job box type thing to hold all your hand tools onto that shelf. Straps would be a tripping hazard if you are planning to be able to walk around all sides of the tank.
Tank the laundry room out like swimming pool. Helped a friend do his mums cellar of a house in the Pennines.
Why did you cut out the part with the tank falling over on you. 😁
only Matt could make me grow a love for rainwater systems
you should plumb the manifold behind those two ramp doors over the pump, so you can just start the pump, drop those open and you're ready to rock
you could try looking in to Agriculture fire fighting equipment Fire tamer make a remote water cannon system
Are you using pvc or corrugated pipes?
Buy an old fire truck and take its body and put in the deuce
To fill the tank back up: make a frame for the white tank so you can back up and fill the black one from the top. Then you can maintain the white one filled all the time. You use the hole on the top of the black one and a funnel under the white
Thank you Matt for being such a good, wholesome example for everyone!
Holes in all the bottoms, piped together
Matt, it's easier to put a float in the tank that electrically stops the generator that pumped the water.
u should put some new headlights on earl
You’ll get a lot more traction too👍🏻
You could just tee off the discharge line of the pump as a minimum flow line. Your pressure loss from a small line off the main would be permissible. That’s the most common thing I’ve seen off centrifugal pumps, my experience is limited though and definitely not in pumps that are mobile
Put the ma Duece on the fire truck
Still no winch on Earl. Shame shame shame
а комары у вас есть
USE THE METRIC SYSTEM
you should put the white tank up high so when you need to fill up the black tank fast, gravity will be you 'pump'.
It's gonna be a lot of thinking.🥺🥵🤯
when you mentioned not spraying and letting the pump run, there should be a pressure relief valve, similar to any hydraulic system. at a specific PSI, unused or over pressured fluid will return back, this way it does not damage anything. what kills the pump is not having fluid in it. Great video as always tho!
No... but a water cannon would be bad-ass
Shovels and a dozen bags of sand plus a few extinguishers for chemical fire sometimes water isn't the ansewer for fighting certain types of fire
Build a stand to put your white 550gal tank in the air so you can use gravity if necessary, but it will quicken filling your black tank.  Check out Welker's Farm Youtube channel.  They mounted a fire fighting remote control front nozzle on their SP Sprayer.  It allows them to hose down a field fire with a single person (the driver).
It may be a better option to have a second pump at the fill tank. That way you can also use it to fill things other than the fire truck if needed.
Matt: There's a cricket in here... *Visibly thinking of a new demolition ranch video*
What if you put a Rack/deck ontop of the tank with 6 legs to give you more storage space and the legs went into the gaps on the sides of the tank holding it in place? Then later you could mount a water cannon or dillon mini gun to the deck.  Don't tell Mere
Hardpipe?  Should probably use flexible pipe since it's on a moving vehicle and all.
For the white tank all you have to do is spray paint it black and it will stop the algae from growing
Wears a Cummins shirt *drives a ford* 😂😂
There’s switches under sign the mud flap behind the tire on the passenger side.
Why shout all the time?
Just throwing it out there, since you have the previous water tank with 500 gal. and plan on using in emergency situation, why not build a platform and raise the tank up high and use gravity to expedite the water transfer into your new truck tank no pumps needed nor potential failures in emergency situations.
Feel like you gotta do colab with post 10 :D https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsCNU-ptlze2tqAJSDeVGNQ
Buy a second pump for the house, and the second tank. Simplifies things a bit,  +OffTheRanch
Matt go to your local fire department and look at their brush trucks and the way that they’re set up.
You will need the maduce on the on the fire truck 🚒 or you need a roof water canon
get a 3 way banjo valve if you want it to recirculate
😂💯💪🏼💯
pour a couple cups of bleach in your white tank when you fill it up and it wont grow algae.
If you’re hard plumbing the tank in and going through the bed, wouldn’t it be cleaner to put the fitting on the bottom of the tank?
Whats a moddus?
Them drains look like a job for post ten.
In wildland fire fighting or brush fires, you still use an axe with a shovel end on it. This axe is called a Pulaski axe. Theres also special wildland rakes and shovels for building that fire line.
If you get a clog, you need to call post 10 😁 he’s a fellow youtuber
Lil B Base God Best Song of 2021 https://youtu.be/2Uzav2Ccats
You should also but a 50 or 100 gallon ( or two 50 gallon one for gas other for diesel ) tank in the front so that it could be a fuel tank for all the toys at the ranch like skid steer, motorcycles, etc. . And since the fire truck is most likely going to be higher than what you’re refueling you shouldn’t need a pump
The 3 horsemen of matts sponsorship  Raycons Raid shadow legends  Simplisafe
Hey Matt. I'm in Kerrville and years ago I had a client that built a trailer rig for your same purpose. He went to an  A&M Brush Fire school for VFD personnel. I bet you could wrangle that! ( took a Tea Sip to tell you ). My client taught me a bit about it. I haven't heard you mention a detergent injector for your rig. THAT is a water multiplier! Simple Dawn injected into the flow stream reduces the water's surface tension and instead of water puddling on top of Cedar mulch it soaks right in to quench embers. Also you mentioned shovels and rakes. Don't forget the Leaf blowers!
so, Mere really likes running "Mere-a-thons"?
Call the boys in to weld some c channel onto the deck with some loops for straps. Ribs stop it from sliding back and forth and straps make it so you can lift it off if need be
PUT DA MA DEUCE ON THE FIRE TRUCK ASAP
"its finally here !!!"   -man with beard
I assume that those 3 slits, or whatever they're actually called, are for more than just being about to strap the tank down more securely. They might function as baffles that help with the water sloshing around when you start and stop
If you put the same male connectors on your pumps inlet and outlet you can switch the pipe from the tank and fill the tank with the pump, remember to have a tap to close the tank off when you've filled it tho ✌️
Starting to become a real pumper. Before you hard pipe it be sure that baby isnt moving in any situation. Sounds like you may want to weld the securing posts in as well as strap it. Also remembering to have the option to remove it easily.
I'm confused by how a gut talking about rain an a fire truck get 12 on trending
Update on the dog ???
Turn the tank around so the so the fill cap is closer to the cab of the truck that way when you're running your piping you have easier access to get your hands in there to put your bulkhead fittings in.
You need some “Fire Flapper’s” luxury tool compared to a pine top. You can have multiple people smothering fire while someone follows up with water. (As a Boy Scout I used one of these a good bit, assisting with control burns.)
At this point, just buy an actual pierce firetruck lol
You set on back En make  a hose weel in between tou en the tank  en make step on the frond easy access from cabin you ar shield from both sides  En you have the same room is on the back 😉
https://youtu.be/nBaTLvbM_Ck
Shovels,axes, and a chainsaw as well as a pole saw will be absolutely required for a brush fire you always need to have light clearing equipment to remove fuel from the fires range.
B R O N C O ?
Check with wranglerstar to see what is in his fire fighting box
Get some 3d drain covers since they arent in a traffic path. As in taller drain covers
Just fit a battery isolation switch to the batteries when the truck isn’t being used for a long while , flip the switch and they should hopefully last a little longer
Really hope the rainwater diversion helps. Get a FIRE FLAPPER for potential brush fires.
funny memes for you in my channel 👍.
Are your going to spray paint tbe white tank black also or maybe lay a black plastic tarp over it too keep algae down in it?
We will be disappointed if you don’t put the ma deuce on the fire truck 😂🤭
For accurate tarot prediction on success and love that truly resonates, join us at http://www.youtube.com/c/SuccessAndLoveTarot
I’m a volunteer fire fighter from Australia and the best way I have seen a private fire unit set up is a brass T off the inlet side of the pump with a valve each side, one side is plumed as the suction from the tank and the other side is a suction from a static supply so you turn off the valve from the tank and you can draft from a dam or another tank and have a hose from the pressure side of the pump going back too the tank as a fill line with a valve and a valve on the line going too your hose reel and until you find the correct valve as a pressure release you can crack the fill line valve so water will flow through the pump back into the tank and that will not drop your pressure too much so if you forget too close that valve you will still have plenty of pressure to fight a fire
Don't use straps to hold the tank in place, they'll just get in the way. Weld a plate with a nut in the floor and use all thread with piece of angle running across the top with another nut, kind of like a really big battery hold down bracket.
Question,  why are you not fighting fires with a giant water gun mounted on the cab?? That seems more fitting for you!
Matt as far as the M2 on the fire truck goes... YES! I have always been of the opinion, It's better to have something and not need it then need something and not have it. Not to mention: TACTICAL FIRETRUCK hell yeah! Just don't tell Mare...
I wonder how many people not in the Demolitia came here because this video is trending....then said wtf....a water tank!?
I think you might need two motor pumps matt, one for spraying water out of your tank and another one for filling up your water tank.  Or you may install two hoses, one coming out of you water tank going to motor pump to spray water, and another hose coming from your reserve water tank going to the inlet of your water pump for filling up the tank of your fire truck and you can just put a valve on each of it so you can close up the valve coming out from your fire truck and open the one coming from your reserve tank for filling up and vise versa.
Uuuummm,  I'm not sure you're fire truck can put out fire without a ma duce on top.
Jesus Christ is coming to Rapture up his church very soon! Time is running out! We are in the very last days. Bible prophecy is unfolding right before our very eyes! It won't go back to normal! If millions of people disappear, it was Jesus rapturing us out! If you are Left Behind, they will tell you that the aliens took us, and if you are left behind Dont Take The Mark of The Beast!!! If you take it you are Doomed for Eternity!, and wont inherit the Kingdom of God!! Repent and Accept Jesus as your Lord and Savior! Jesus Loves So Much and wants to Rescue you!! Surrender to him Today before its too Late!!
Why not it would be cool
...... I encourage you to accept Jesus Christ Yeshua as your lord and saviour today
You just got NF a whole lot more people listening to him lol
From your pump to hose reel have two tees with a shut off on both first one straight to tank for filling second one with a shut off then off loader valve. When filling shut off second valve and when running open second valve and shut first valve
What happened to his Benchmade Infidel Knife?
Pop off valve lol
If you have it and you have the capability you have to mount the m2
Highly recommend electric start on your pump as well as pull start. You may have old fuel when you need the truck in a hurry and it will be hard or impossible to start by hand.
I have worked in asphalt plants and built tanks and it is pretty simple to do. I dont know the size of the inlet and out let on pump. I would go with 2" pipe and reduce at pump for inlet so you have volume at pump.
CHECK VALVE!!
Put a ball valve before the tank and you can close it down some and it still circulate but but some pressure to the hand hose.
Hey matt i've always wondered what kind of knife you use?
The ribs are baffles so the sloshing won't jack up your breaks
Just recirculate it back to tank and T in the middle of that pipe going back to tank.
The top of the truck is called a deluge cannon
You are going to need to use a hard rubber hose to pump so it has some flexibility. You hard pipe it you will take a chance on breaking the pipe Matt
NF is Bomb!!
I like how his music choice is NF. Anybody else Catch that as an NF fan? Probably not…he’s so underrated
this only means we should brace ourselves for when he has his annual christmas tree burning
Need to go big or go home lol. Increase the size of you drains by 2 and pipe size and you will be fine.
Always put an axe on the engine!
you should make sure and put the drain on the same end of your 12” fill hole or you’ll end buying a new tank again.
You could always put a water sprayer in the gunners nest.
Hey Matt, you were wondering why the tank is built in sections. Here’s a short video why it is built like that. Keep up with the good work man. God bless! Greeting from Serbia!  https://youtu.be/56cxOzgl-mc
You can probably put a preshure valve to throttle down when it's high pressure.
I work for a fire truck manufacturer. I believe our pump guys use something called a priority valve. I think that if you made it so it was always recirculating back into the top of the tank and then had two valves, you should be able to do what you are looking for. I'm thinking one priority valve between the pump and the recirculating line and one between the tank discharge and the pump that goes into an inlet for pumping from a separate source.
Get yourself some fire beaters, shovels, brooms, pitchforks and an assortment of different fire extinguishers (like for Metall and Fat).
Would solar trickle chargers not be an option for the firetruck?
I don’t think we going to burn any buildings, but you never know 🤣🤣🤣
I think your gonna need an axe nah I’m joking
Its not that complex . Write out a basic schematic or plan on paper and go from there .  Or you could just copy what they do on a water truck .  Google water truck parts and all kinds on good stuff comes up .
Maybe sharpen your knife???
Oh my lord my dirty mind could make bad jokes about hose, beds,etc
why dont you get some advice from your local fire brigade??? dont re invent the wheel there is so much research that has gone into fire fighting just hit the internet.
sorry Mat but I would buy merch from you but the postage from America is horrendous how the heck can we get free post from China and yet be so badly priced from you guys, I recon your postal system needs to stop being so greedy.
The valve to recirculate the water is a 2 way valve
Mat it is so good to see you got a tank with what looks like baffles, which will stop your water sloshing around but get as much of the tank over your rear axle, the hole truck will handle so much better.
Matt listens to NF?? As if he wasnt already one of my favorite youtubers
Instead of relying on a valve you could get a short piece of fire hose to supply the pump from the tank with quick release connectors. Turn the pump sideways to the exit of the tank and make the fire hose connector long enough to move to either side.
hardpipe on a not permanently secured tank, on a moving "all terrain" vehicle. Sure. seems smart. And i bet its not gonna be insulated from potential frost because, HA, you dont get that in texas EVARR.
Your daughter is the best magician my mind was blown🤯
appreciate the update on the rainwater system
Don’t you Americans have aco drains. Google them you will be pleasantly surprised. Much better finish than an open drain .
Someone clearly didnt read the comments from the first firetruck video.  All his questions were answered.
Hey Matt on every fire truck  water system has a tank to pump recirculation system that pumps water from your tank through your water pump into your water tank that’s what I would do.  Now for your hose reels I would mount 2 hose reels in front of your tank one on the drivers side one on the passenger side so you can fight fire on both sides of your truck at the same time if needed or you can use one at a time that is how our rescue truck is set up if you want I can send you pictures of our set up good luck with your fire truck set up..
*IDEA FOR FILLING:* Build a small water tower like 15ft high and use gravity and a large 6 inch valve. This will fill your truck in about 40 seconds with 900 gal/min flow (you can use a flow rate calculator 😉) and THE BEST THING NO PUMP! 😀😀😀
Put in 2 pumps - backup when the first doesnt start - which it will the first time you really need it.  Setup pipes with manifolds so primary pump is used to drain (put out fires) and secondary is to fill. but like you said - manifold and valves to reverse so you can use both both ways :-) that way you can also fight fires both sides . what separates the men from the boys is only the price of their toys... Good on you  living the boys dream
5:53 just use liters and kilograms man...
200 foor booster real. Bamboo brooms.
Wow, is this his first-ever trending YouTube video?🤔
Raise the height of the flower bed wall.
Should have just gotten a P-19... has everything you need/want ready to go and would fit your uses.
Mount the M2 and ifall else fails you just open fire and put everything out of misery and mow the forrest lawn at the same time.
hey Matt, I just wanna say you should have an axe and or chainsaw for the fire truck incase of a brush fire you can use it on the area around it to create basically a dead zone so it would be harder for the fire to continue in the direction that has been cleared. If you look up on YouTube " Wranglerstar fire box" there should be 3 videos of making the kit and it should help you on your adventure to keep your ranch safe.
What you can do is have a pipe plumbed from the outlet back to the top of the tank, it can work as a recirc and also a tank fill. However I am not sure if there is a auto valve. Go to the top so you aren't having to push back against the pressure of the water in the tank.
Okay but wouldn't a water turn green in the in the tank that you're going to leave filled up if I remember correctly you said it would turn green after a while
Its an unloader valve I know they use them on powerwashers unsure for thatvtype of pump you have
mount a hydro-turret onto the gunners nest. that way you can just do a 360 spray if needed.
It probably wouldn't be a terrible idea to connect all the sections through the bottom so you don't have wasted water
You won’t believe it       https://youtube.com/shorts/d3NYgXnqd3U?feature=share
You won’t believe it https://youtube.com/shorts/d3NYgXnqd3U?feature=share
https://youtube.com/shorts/5gVbA2gfH88?feature=share
I'm no firefighter or plumber but I would pull the tank all the way to the back to it actually is centered over the back axle and put the hose reel in front of the tank. That's just me though...
Room at the front for your ball turrent!!
i thought it was greg paul on the thumbnail.
HEY MATT! To solve the 'lowest point of collection' problem, just put a bung fitting in the lowest point of each tank bellow and then manifold all four outlets into one single outlet. The tank is designed that way to act as baffles so water cant slosh around as much! Hope you see this and hope this helps!!!
Brush fires require chainsaw and shovels.
Please put the Madus on the fire truck fight fire with fire
acquire one of those things (fire truck pump) by buying a real fire truck...lol who would have thunk...
POW POW POW POW MA DEUCE MAKE IT HAPPEN
instal a second valve witha  fuel dry break, done, put a breather up top to let air escape as its filling
To bad you're not collecting that water for your fire truck! Also, if that white tank was up high you could use gravity to fill you fire truck. Just saying.👍
That f’n cricket 🤣
It might be worth making your hose couplings are compatible with local fire department couplings that way you can connect to them and they can connect to you. Very hand for water transfer etc.
I like what you’re doing with the fire truck. It might be worth adding a chain saw to your truck. This will help with fallen trees across tracks etc our fire damaged trees that are a safety hazard and need to be dropped 👍😁
set up the old tank on a platform higher than the top of the new tank with a short 90mm lay flat hose connected to old tank, when you need to refill park truck next to old tank swing hose out into top of new tank and open the tank valve ( called a quick fill ) won't need to pump it and is very fast. and yes you will need a pressure relief bypass valve. just my 10 cents worth
Did you say 10 of farts?!  Lol
Too bad you couldn't find a tank about a foot taller so the footprint would be a bit shorter.
what about the other loafs of bread on the tank? wont part of them never empty if you only put the drain on one of them?
You need to fix all the cracks in the blacktop driveway.  They are letting water into the ground building up and into the house.
liked the video before i finished based on the fact the Matt listens to NF
ask @wranglerstar, he has experience with setups like these
Matt: I will buy a fire truck, dismantle the whole fire suppression system just to try to figure out how to install a fire suppression system on the truck.
A alloy checker plate deck on a 4-legged frame over the tank recovers the lost surface of your bed, protects the tank, allows storage of additional equipment/gear and keeps the water cool, coz you know, cold water keeps fires from getting too hot
3:50 never gets cold in Texas (winter 2021) 😕 😟 😲
18+ GIRLS HERE HOTLOVE.UNO   4 IN 1 YOUTUBE: THIS IS FINE. SOMEONE: SAYS ''HECK''. YOUTUBE: BE GONE  #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков #垃圾
I think the PVC is a bad idea.  I'd go with flexible for a number of reasons.  PVC won't put up with being banged around or shifted around very well.  Oh, and that freezing thing that never happens in Texas.
NO NO,  White tank you need to make it gravity feed to the fire truck,  elevate the white tank higher than the black thank, and put in HUGE HUGE valveS valveS to dump that water in FAST into the fire truck black tank,   actually time to build a huge elevated  water tank for the ranch and store water.  fyi each gallon is 8.34 lbs
Don't lie Matt! Jarvis is your butler but you're too "big" to acknowledge it.
Is everyone just going to ignore Jarvis?
Put a sheet of black plastic over the standby old white tank brobeans. It'll stop it getting manky with crap sitting there. And/or just hurl a cupful of liquid chlorine into it each time you fill 'er up. Easy as sparkle tits.
9:50 I think the grooves in the tank are to dampen the water at start and stop.
Hi Matt,  From the water pump generator the line that go to hose reel you can use a T;  One end going to the fire hose and the other to water pressure relief valve connected to return pipe to water tank.  I hope helping in idea, Bye
it's nice the kids could hang out a lot together with their dad.. cherish it man..
Little suggestion from your Subs who love you, love this channel and are excited about your fire truck build. First, if the tank will spin sideways... spin it. I know you wanted walking area around it. But my thought is it will center the weight even more, and heres the kicker... you can practice your welding skills and build a box out of angle iron or something around your tank. Make it so it can come out at some point, i.e. hinged side or something. But then put expanded metal over the top so you can walk on it still, or stack anything you may need. Essentially you won't neccesarily lose all that bed space. Itll just have an elevated area. And up front on your headache rack, use about 2" pipe sections 4" long, one low and one higher, vertically inline to slide shovels and rakes into with the implement part aimed up. And maybe a small chainsaw and a few sets of fire proof-ish clothes, gloves ect.  And some extra hose, including that use you deemed less useful. You may need the extra length one day. Goodluck and I love what your doing, keep it up!!
I sent a package off today to bunker for you, forewarning it’s a bit heavy
Much better tank! I am almost feel silly liking the other one. But you did want a fire truck pronto. Now you will have an even better one. And someday it WILL come in handy If not lifesaving.
Cool your daughter is wearing a Smile More shirt.
Booster reel would be fine. You can get  one that is manual rewind or electric rewind which I would recommend for speed.
“A gallon weighs 8.33 pounds”  WTF convert to metric guys, it just makes sense.
Watch out for Tropical storm/hurricane Ida coming soon. Trucks looken good.
Sand matt, fine sand goes a LONG way if you put it down around your foundation, it will sink in during the next rain, and do it a few times and the problem solves itself.
My GF and I are officially requesting more Jarvis on the channel.
Put your white tank on a stand and just let gravity refill the fire truck like a steam locomotive
pound, gallon - aah use metric!))
Holy crap I would never think I would see you on trending. Congrats
Maybe a SKID unit might sort ya?
I think a simple L-port ball valve (3 way) and some plumbing would work it would require you to move the lever so maybe not the reclaim system, but it could work for the tank filling method.
A thought regarding the batteries dying all the time: Maybe think about putting a dis-connector switch like they have on tractors on all your big trucks that you use occasionally? (fire truck, 5-ton, other?) Just a thought. Anyway, love the vids... so good i like it..
Matt: “it’s NF everytime”  Me: “ahh yes a man of culture as well I see…”
Definitely liking that tank a lot better good luck getting it put together
I work at the Denver aquarium,  might be able to help you out with that..
ok that's cool but when are we gonna use it on a bunch of Christmas trees? -sincerely a concerned citizen of America.
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
order a McCloud, a polaski, and some shovels
#8 on trending good job!
Jarvis the Demolition Ranch Hand
Make sure your supply from your fill tank is higher than the inlet on your pump, if it's not self priming (Don't think it is) then gravity is you pal!  Happy Pumping. )
You need a recirculating valve! They make automatic ones, but they are all manual on our pumps here.
Pick axe for sure to help cut down tress! And maybe fire extinguishers A, B, c, d
If you are serious about making this a brush truck, take it to your local fire hall and ask them what tools you need. Every area is different, so they will tell you the types of brush fires common in your area and what equipment you will need. You’ll be surprised what type of tools and equipment you will use, and how expensive it can get!
You got a ranch hand named Jarvis. Ok there Ironman.
He needs post10.
Yeah but what about the DemoCuda?
You need to put one of those water turrets on the top of the fire truck
From a 11 year rural fire fighter install hose reel and then manifold in a 10' whip line for someone to fight off the back of the truck.  You may also want to look at putting a remote nozzle on the front you can operate from the cab by yourself.
zzzzZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ this water truck has to be the most boring episodes he does on any of his channels. I think I would rather watch a dog get neutered and I dont even sub to VetRanch
I would use a circulating pump and make a manifold that'll be your best bet and I also work at Lowe's and I've been a plumber for 15 years so if you have any questions let me know I like your videos
Matt!!  Put some wood or plastic pallets in the front of the tank as a stop before you strap it down, so the tank doesn't slide forward.
Get a back pack blower. It’s literally the best tool for putting out grass fires. You can put out smaller grass fires so much faster that way and can get in between trees and other objects so much easier. Another great tool is a a rubber mud flap on a pole/stick.
Oh man… chicken coup rain catchment system overflow catchment system for your backup tank.. looks like you’re going to be taking your chickens to the mansion after all.
Put a water canon Matt
put the other tank on a stand to make a quick fill
EVERY fire truck needs a Masuda. Then who needs sirens? Lol!
I work for a carpet cleaning company and we use a pressure relieve valve for when were sucking up water instead of cleaning carpets so call a carpet cleaning compay and ask how they set theirs up in the van machines.  I just work there so i dont know how to actually do it.
So you're behind the scenes do it all man is named Jarvis... What's next on Stark Ranch?!?
Set your white tank up so it can just gravity feed into your truck tank  for refills
I really like your videos and love the family inclusion, also, I really respect and appreciate that all of your videos are kept clean and upbeat. Thanks for the entertainment. 👍
Leave it it’s better for the center of of the truck
Why not just recirculate the water by sticking the hose in the fill port?
Put in a French Drain...all you problems will be solved! What you have is a potential tripping hazard....Solved one problem only to create another.
Turn it sideways , does it fit?
Elevate your refill tank several feet above the height of your fire truck tank and use gravity to refill it when needed. It will be far easier to make a setup using gravity to refill your faster than a pump will.
The first thing you should do with that water truck should be a dad thing. Your kids will love you forever for this. Take the truck to the top of the mountain that your new house is on. Cut a shallow trench going down the side. Put a layer of sand in it and then start laying a long strip of heavy duty plastic biz-queen down. Use spray glue with a large overlap at the seems. Put some hay bales along the way to hold it in place and on the outsides of the corners just in case someone fly's out. Make sure there is a pit at the bottom to splash into. Then start your water pump and drop them in to flush them down the mountain. You might want to get a buddy to drink heavily so they can try it out first. Using intertubes or mats will speed you up and results can be unpredictable. PS. you want to put some turns in it so they don't hit 100 mph.
You definitely have more capacity than you think. That tank will do fine with a low CG on that truck. Our forest service truck with way less payload capability (designed with a 500 gallon tank) has zero problems (international 4x4 forest service fire truck with a DT466 from the 90s). The tank is further forward than what you have. I think this setup will do you wonders.
Do the roof mount & side along with front  sprinklers & lower front bumper line sprayer for driving through brush fires.
Apparently Matt, you got a little bit of a spamming issue going on here in the comments. Just a little one. -That's not what she said 🤣!
Mere' A ' Thon, lol get it Mere, a, thon, marathon, you should make an annual Mereathon LoL
👍
There was alot of "thats what she said moments" lol. But on the ma duce yes but I wouldn't keep it up there, just put it up there when you need it for a demo ranch video otherwise I would have a water cannon/turret up there, so make it so you could easliy switch out between the two, but most of the time have the water canon/turret thing up there
what about pulling water out of the bottom of the tank instead of the side 🤷‍♂️
Right.....but you do have a 5 ton....and it don't have a Ma Duce on it....just sayen.
My advice on the water pump is to just make a bunch of trips back and forth to the home Depot and wing it.
The fire truck needs a 50cal water cannon on top Perfect for fires .and a good leaf blower to your truck great for small grass fires
You need a pressure release valve that flow back into tank. If you leave pump on like so cavitation can cause the impellers to break apart.
Hey Matt, do you need any help one the ranch? I mean I’d be a pretty good ranch hand. Lol 😂
Contact your local fire department for advice and how to set up the pump.  You definately will need a pressure relief valve.  If it was mine, I'd have 3 hose reels, one left side, one right side, one either back or front. A deck gun is a good idea, but yet gonna need a bigger pump & tank.  Also, ground sprayers off the front.  When I was a Firefighter-Paramedic, I served on 3 committees to design 2 brush trucks and our heavy rescue.  Is there a way I can send you a drawing or two of reliable, usable set-ups?
You don't need a recirculating valve. We have a similar setup at work that we use when burning irrigation ditches in the spring. I run the pump for hours spraying off and on. I have been doing it for 17 years, and they were doing it before I started working there. We have never had a problem burning up a pump. And we do this for 8 hours a day for a month straight. Every year.
Really?
@Offtheranch It's called a recirculation valve. Any place that builds firefighting equipment should be able to find one to fit your needs.
So your line going to hose reel just put a tee in it with a ball valve that goes back to the tank, that way you can turn on and off your recirculated water.
Hey man I definitely could give you a hand plumbing in that pump if you needed help
Niceee bro, NF is one of my favorites too! 🙌🏻  P.S. Side note: I purchased a set of Raycon’s through your link.. Almost two months in of ownership now and they’ve been performing flawlessly. I highly recommend ‘em to anyone 👌🏻
#8 on trending, nice!!
you should make your hole in the bottom and through the deck in the same place.
I run ko2 on my f150 xlt as well that's funny
I have no idea about pumps or how to plumb in valves to make it the way you want. But I've got a fair trade for you. I'll trade you my clapped out 2012 Silverado 1500 piss wagon for ole Earl. I could use a solid truck to haul my house on wheels around.
"It never gets cold in Texas"... Mother Nature 2021: "Hold my beer!"
If the pump is a centrifugal unit it will generate heat if left with the outlet blocked.  Still fine unless the heat becomes high enough to boil.  Even in bypass mode with recirculation heat will be a by product.
❤️
You should ask Angry Cops if he has old parts from his firetruck he doesn’t need.
Hey Matt you need a couple 90s hooked to someone 80s and maybe a couple of 60 degree elbows just kidding I like guns better
Easy plumbing.  I’ll send you a P&ID (piping and instrumentation diagram) to do what you want.  Just follow the diagram and you’ll be set.
Put a Y connect with switch valve and use your green hose off of the Y to fill the tank with the pump, just got to get the Y connect with a directional valve
Build a manifold with a main entrance and exit point. From there, build all your nodes with valves. Your soft hose should be valved to entrance and exit (never at the same time). When you want to spray, you open the exit and the soft hose valve as well as the entrance, tank, and pump valves. When you want to fill, you put the soft hose in your water source, open the entrance valve to the hose and the exit valve to the tank.
The tank will be fine all the way to the front.  Maybe, maybe if you were traveling long distances at highway speeds you might want to move the tank back but for the dinking around that you will do it's not going to be a problem in front.  It looks better there and it's more practical.
Fire for Effect truck! Lol
#8 nice job matt
I can send you pictures of the plumbing on my departments brush truck,  we built it our selves on an old air force 5 ton.
The weird shape appears to be a sort of baffles system inside the tank, so movement has less effect on the weight distribution and will keep the truck more in control during braking and accelerating.
Yes you need a Ma Duece in the turret of the fire truck! It would double with a fire hose nozzle! Ultimate Fire Truck!
Use a t a valve and a quick coupler to hook to spare tank use hose reel to fill tank on truck
Sorry to do this...but it's 8.34 lbs per gallon of water. Former water purification specialist.
I would do a T on either side of the pump.  The side from tank to pump I would put a valve that stops the flow from the main tank to another pipe to an external water source (second tank, pond, pool, stream). Then on the other side have one end of the T go to the spray hose and the other go to a refill pipe with a pressure valve that goes back to the top of the tank.  That way you can pump from the main tank or switch the valve ( or valves) and pump from another source. As long as the spray hose is closed the pressure valve would act as a refill or circulation so it doesn't burn up the pump. Just a thought after I watched the video a couple times.
Please mount the Ma Deuce!
Dude I listen to NF all the time 😃😎
Whoa! The filming is very dizzying today!
If possible, find a place to put your white/clear tank under cover to eliminate algae. Mount it elevated so you can gravity fill, no pump needed. Ideally, you would want to pull/back right to or beside, flip the valve, and have a large diameter hose/pipe to dump right in your fill on the truck. MUCH faster and easier. Also, you're looking for a booster reel for the truck. Should be cheap and easy to buy from a surplus auction. MAKE SURE you buy one with electric motor to roll the hose back up. They do not empty, so hand cranking one back up is a major PITA.
Instead of doing PVC you could use 2" or even larger vacuum hose for oilfield use. It's hard enough to survive high pressure or vacuum so it can be suction or discharge plus it has enough flex that it makes plumbing much easier. Get some hose clamps and aluminum hose barbs and you will have a good setup. We use 3" and 4" for the plumbing in our trucks, including stuff that is more demanding than what your pumps will probably subject it to.
3:50: what’s that about last winter? Dang Matt, you already forgot?!
Wait did he say Jarvis? Is Matt actually Tony?
the system is actually not that complicated, also yes, pressure relief valves are a thing
I could help with that. With the help of Odell Complete Landscape.
You could pump water out of your pool if you run out
M2 is NEVER unnecessary.
There is a spring loading pressure valve that will open up when a set pressure that will open when you close your hose valve!
No one needs ama deuce in their truck, but it still needs to be done.
build a stand for the white tank so you can gravity fill the truck.
Hard piping will break no matter how well you fix it. You will need to have a flexible pipe from tank to pump! It would be really hard to put out fire with a drained tank do to a bust Ed pipe!
NOOOOOO!!!!! get a soft / flex connection between every component.  EVERYTHING is going to move.  Make it so everything can flex
Go to a fire department and see if they have a brush truck you can look at. they're usually all setup basically just the way it sounds like you want yours to be
Great video I love the projects!! Also congrats on trending #12 👏👏👏
ok so keep it simple with your relief valve. Make a 3 way system one running from tank to pump to hose, one from other tank to pump to tank and the third from bottom of tank like the rest to pump to top of the tank into the fill hole and when it is on standby it will just be pumping water from the tank back into the top of the tank. simple solution
T valve and a cut off valve on the suction side
All you need is a second inlet and some T’s
Two pumps is the best way to solve your issue. There's a half dozen ways you could do it, but in the end leaving both pumps hooked up to their respective equipment for the sake of speed is certainly worth the $250 that another pump would cost then you can leave the under chassis pump solely for feeling the tank and a second pump on the deck for firefighting
Get some aluminum sulfate for the white tank. It traps the phosphates algae feeds on and prevents growth. Not 100% but helps a lot to keep the algae away
The valve manifold that you are describing is already very accessible. Contact a restaurant supply house, the big commercial stainless sinks have the exact manifold system and it is already 1 in plumbing. I have one in my parts bin. They are fantastic, made of 100% brass, and they utilize gate valves so you can have multiple open and control the rate of flow
After Sabaton and now Matt's who were trending, nice
I use big honda gx390s daily...they all have a pressure release valve on them....if it's hot out they stay a lil open all the time...the pumps for them are 900 buck or more so it's a must...so im sure you can find parts for it
Matt You need to check out The French Drain Man on YouTube.  He dose open French drains and for what you are looking at it would go into the garden edge and flow all the water out of even in the garden area and away from the house into a drain or out to daylight down hill.  No I don't work for them.  I myself just wish I could get them to do my yard.
In structure fire fire double in size every 90 seconds and I don’t know what it is for brush but, in the 10 minutes it would take you to refill your new tank from the old one (which doesn’t account for you moving the truck) by the time you get back your going to be back to square one again
Put the pump up on the bed. It will be massively more efficient if the water is not being gravity fed and pump lifted. It will also give you better ground clearance. You have plenty of room now, and if you mounted it on the bed you could have your plumbing along the bed rails completely out of sight and out of the way.
So let me get this straight Matt, you're getting ready to sell your property oh, and it has issues, and you're trying to make people believe you've addressed all the issues. Is that what I'm understanding? Don't get me wrong big fan. Just don't like BS
Put the white tank on a trailer. That way if you do anything involving a lot of fire and craziness you can pull it behind the firetruck.
Have your welders put some angle iron around the base if you plan to strap it down, otherwise it may slide off the back going up a hill. I suppose you could bolt the angle iron down, but that much weight may bend or break the bolts.
Raycon is literally shit bro
Matt you had freezing temps for days last year lol
Water cannon!
Watch the monster garage fire truck limousine might get a few ideas 😂
Hey Matt ill take that hose from you if you don't want it.
I would love to see a Master Chief helmet and the number 117 painted on the fire truck lol
And also to figure out the fire truck just find a spot to start a bunch of small fires and act like it's really and figure out what is more convenient
Why in the world did you go through all of that work and yet NOT put in French Drains?
He matt the tank is set up in different sections so that way it keeps all of the water from crashing forward or backwards. Keeps the water tank more stable. They do the same thing when semis haul gas or any liquid.
If you elevate the white tank you could gravity fill the black tank.
Can you shoot a Tesla truck? We need to know your the only man for the job
Over the axle hose off the side storage on the other side
You should make your own line of knives
nice trick addy
Here is a diagram I made up in paint really quick. https://i.imgur.com/ttwtNzm.png
Why not go with an electric water pump with pressure shut off switch like power washers have… then you wouldn’t even ave to worry about starting a motor… just pull the hose nozzle and boom power kick on and pumps water,  don’t really know if you can find one with a high enough flow rate for it but it’s a thought and as far as filling it with a pump just get 3 way pool valves to go from inlet to spare water tank and outlet to another hose or hard plumbed to top of tank on truck to pump water in
Leaf blowers are actually really good to combat brush fires.
You should look into getting a brush fire pioneer kit. Having axes, shovels, rakes and saws are absolutely a good thing for fighting brush fires
That is the cheapest looking channel drain I have ever seen.
Use rainwater to fill the fire truck
Water cannon on the roof
NF is your workout jams? You need to turn in your man card dude.
Not sure Matt knows just how much you can learn from this youtube platform. I'm sure someone has a video on how to do the valves and make this work.
Check valve, U need a check valve with specific pressure to recirculating fluids back to the tank.    Iranian dude😉👍
-👍👍🔧-
Get a cheap battery load tester from O'Reilly or auto zone which ever have it then test and see which battery's are good
Put a water shutoff valve on the inlet pipe from the tank to the pump so when the pump is running there wont be any water going to it to build pressure
Am I the only one disappointed that he's only now introduced Jarvis?
Tank to pump and pump to tank to keep the pump from overheating.
we may need that ma deuce soon thanks to joe talibiden.
Okay ngl I fell for the magic trick and was genuinely surprised I can’t be the only one
4 batteries for cold weather starting. It never get cold In Texas. Or snows Hummm
Fuck Raycon and that Cricket too!
It's a fire support truck!
Mstt, aren't you married to an engineer who could help you figure that out?
Grade away from house?
They have drains that are like a cone shape not flat. So they don’t get to clogged up
You need a tank to pump and engine cooler or gotten a real fire truck instead of military lol
Put it on please we need full auto 50 cal
Regarding the ma deuce, you gotta be able to fire from your fire truck
Matt, you need an Unloader Valve to send the water back to the tank when the valve is closed. Oh the turret is called a Water Monitor.
Matt, have built the exact same plumbing setup you are talking about. You want recirculation with a tee and ball valves. Let me know and I will send pics and sketch.  All 2 inch pvc works great with 1.5 inch fire hose.
I do hope you get to see this. It'll be a smart idea to carry a halligan axe, rakes, shovels and a chainsaw for large to small debris and for cleaning a path if any trees have fallen. The hose real is a smart idea but what if you gotta attack the fire from the front of the truck it would be a good idea to hook one up to the front and the back with a 2 way shut valve right next to the pump so if you wanted you can have more water flowing to either hose. Having an access ladder on the back would be good for accessibility.
Matt have you had you're memory erased?   "Its never cold in Texas."   Mother nature  " so you forgot last winter?"
Bro you should put a nuckle boom in the front you'll never get stuck again
Bypass valve. Just like a bypass oil filter.
Its never cold here in Texas, did he forget the freeze of 2021
Look up a fire sprinkler prv and you could pipe that back into the pump
@OffTheRanch  I wish I could afford to come out there I would definitely help you set up all the plumbing on the truck, it would so much fun. But To be honest with the thought of water pressure building up you really should go with a over sized commercial pressure washer motor; they are made to hold on stand by while the motor is running with out a chance of pressure explosion! Man I really hope you see this message!
Ditch the ratchet straps and build some metal brackets to bolt that thing down. Nylon wears a lot faster than steel 👍
just like that..
Dude, that thing is screaming for a fixed nozzle on the front bumper. You know, like the fire trucks at the airport? That would be freaking awesome.
It’s called a bypass valve
Just go to your local gravel pit or landfill and get your tare weight then fill it up the tank to get the right distribution.
You should get with @smarter everyday” guy! You could figure out your whole pump thing in one day!!!!
Think about when you put fuel in your vehicle, it only pumps when you pull the trigger.  maybe connected to the pressure tank on your hydraulics, just thinking.
After securing the tank, build a "floor" that straddles the front 3/4s of the tank.  You would have the front couple of feet, the back 3 feet and a "mezzanine" for stuff.
Who needs a MA-DEUCE?  EVERYONE needs a M2 on their fire truck!   How else would you start fires in order to put them out???
I wonder if it would worth the effort of putting a connector in each bay, so you can get almost all the water out. Nah, surely you'll never do anything crazy enough to need to pump almost ever gallon out. 😆
My Father just got Bf good rich KO2's for his 1994 jeep YJ
It's never cold here. It's Texas. He forgot the previous year. Ha
You and Meredith need to build an ark!  Another new channel in the works, me think! 😹
👍❤️🇺🇸
You should also consult your RESIDENT ENGINEER as well. Part of her studies was indeed fluid dynamics and hydrology Matt.
Please take 5 minutes and watch Post 10 on youtube. All he does is drain cleaning videos. For some reason it is mesmerizing. LOL
@3:50 short memory Matt?
The card trick was the best part of this video. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Matt. I believe the turrets are called a  deluge gun or deck gun . They are kinda pricey but you definitely should get one
Look into a gated wye, you could choose between supplying you fire hose, or supplying/circulating back into your water tank.
Spray the bed under the tank with FlexSeal to provide extra traction.
You should check out wranglerstars set up
pump to a water cannon
Strap the tank, fill it go for a ride  you’ll figure it out 🙂👍
Ull need chainsaws for all ur friends. Hazel hoes cut hand line nice. Polaskis are useful. But ur skid steer would cut line great. Ull be fine. Just keep the black in the black.
16 on trending good stuff Matt
Holy shit mini Meredith
The M2 belongs on the 5 ton...
A Stewart & Stevenson my favorite military truck! ....... You are one lucky bugger my friend!
hey Matt Youtube is acting up with your channel, it took my notification off and it seems you are sorta shadow banned or something, check it out.
you can buy a pnumatic water turent for 4k
Set your pump up with with 2 y pipe ball cock vales that way you will be able the fill and pump with one pump and serculat water from the tank to the pump and back to the tank just by closing and opening valve. That's the way fire trucks are set up I drove and ran fire trucks when the hoses went being used I would open my tank to pump valve and my pump to tank valve at the same time and keep my pump cool worked great.
Split the input and output with a couple tees and valves and boom you can fill and use the hose reel with the same pump
Figure out what your pumps dead head pressure is, you likely dont need that, install a pressure relief valve that is 5 psi lower than what your peak pressure is, then plumb from pressure side to inlet or 2nd bottom tank line.
An axe is like a condom, better to have one and not need it than need one and get someone pregnant, no that’s not right…. you know what I mean
😂😂😂😂😂😂 Its never cold in Texas.😳 Except for last winter when we had to replace all our pipes?😂😂😂
its that shape to cut down on the sloshing and surging of the water makes it easier to stop and not flip you over on turns
you need to get you a pump with a small diesel engine on it so you can tap in the trucks fuel tanks so you don't have to worry about gasoline
Make the turret hole just like a gunners nest but it shoots water!!!
Why not use the kayak wench on the other side of your barn?
Mini Matt and mini Mere! 🤣
tee off the pump with two isolation valves, but you would still have to open and close manually. or get fancy with a three way valve and a switch in the cab. pull up flip a switch get out and hose her down. flow bypass valve could work too.
Thanks for sharing the moment with your kids
Look at forest fire tools. And use valves to reverse the flow to use the hose reel to pull from the ground system. You might also look at how a qtac fire skid is plumbed.
And with a black tank in Tx. you can have on demand hot water😂
#16 on trending at the moment
I dont think thats how truck weight ratings really work...
Umm @3:52 never? Last winter ❄️ guy y’all acted like . Never mind you know ur incorrect.
Try reaching out to makers of fire tuckers n getting advice or parts by sponsorship from
I think you will need a second smaller pump for refill, bc with the pump on the truck you would have to put your firehose in the top of the tank to refill. The pump only pumps one way. But I'm no expert..
Y does he need the tank of water?
You better caulk those horizontal drains across the driveway because all your water is seeping behind those PVC pipes. Big hole. Not good. Lol
Why don’t you elevate the white tank higher than the truck and gravity feed from it to the tank on the truck , it would be soooo much faster to refill ! You could use like a 6” valve on the white tank and a short 6” hard pipe strait out from it to get it out far enough to hang over to the center of the truck then elbow off that downward and put a 6” soft snorkel like hose that you can put into the opening on the top of the black tank !
Definitely appreciate the update on the rainwater system. probably the most interesting part of this vlog!
Yeah...it never gets cold in Texas.  Didn't you guys freeze everything last year..?
Get a swiveling chair on a stand above the tank
It will handle better if the tank is in the middle of the tray move it forward
How have we never heard or Jarvis before!?
Matt 2021: "It's never cold here. It's Texas."  Mother Nature: "Remember last winter? Wanna see it again?"  Yeah, you're gonna need a manifold.  The tank has those grooves partly to make mounting easier, partly for strength, and partly to damp out sloshing.
For your valve exhaust thing to not burn out your pump, you could make a Y somewhere with a valve that only opens at a certain pressure
Raise the grates on the drains so the leaves can’t clog it
The tank shape is for rigidity as well as baffling to slow the movement of water which affects your acceleration and stopping distance.
Build a rack that goes on top of your tank for your space your worried about losing
Drill hole under tank and use fitting through bottom to have gravity on your side. Also, two Y valves should be good for circulation and filling
Hey Matt they make the tank with the compartments to keep the water from sloshing too hard and shifting weight on the trucks. When you see the big tanker tanks on highway they have metal buffer rings inside of them for the same reason
Those trucks are tippy as all hell. We pulled into the range one day and the one in front of us was making a u-turn and it lifted the LR tire super easily. And that was with no/very little cargo. Just one more reason why I hated the stupid things lol.
So, why didn't you take the fire truck to get the tank?
Get yourself a little water tower.  Leave it hooked up to a hose so that it automatically fills when the level gets low. A tower will gravity feed that tank in seconds
Bro #19 on trending that’s AWESOME Matt!!!
I noticed the tires looked rough on the dragon skin video
What you could do is put a fitting on each one of the baffles and have them all piped into one so you'll be pulling water out of the whole thing
We just gonna all ignore that nice roll up door on the barn
Mat you need a articulated water canon on the front of the fire truck so you don’t have to get out! To fight fires.
Will be hot water coming out of that black tank. Ouch. Be careful.  Also..the first drain you showed with the rocks down the grass is also known as a... French drain 😏 Oui! 👩‍🎨
I think the best way to make an overpressure valve would be to have a y conector coming out of the pump and somehow close of the one end of the y connector with a spring loaded valve so that when the water gets to a certain pressure that valve would be forced open, and it could go through an overpressure pipe which you could run to the top of the tank.
You need Post10
TOOLS FOR FIRE TRUCK : veg. rakes, flappers, chainsaw, extra hose , axe's ( trust me.. you need them ! ), shovels, pry bars, as a fire fighter this is a few of the things id put on it if it was mine !
Matt not sure what the values called but it allows the water to circulate back into tank when not using sprayer we used them on our pest control tanks so we don't burn our pumps out
Matt - I highly recommend you get a pulaski or two for the truck if you are fighting brush fires.
I would put a drain in each loaf and combine them before the pump
I see remote control boat racing in the near future 🚢⛵
Never had I ever thought I would hear Matt say I could have gone with more but I went with less because it should be fine. Nice new tank. Maybe put the stationary tank elevated so you can use gravity to fill the truck. Really cool would to build a spout like they used to have to fill train steam engines, big old 12” line on a swivel elbow with a counter weight. Just pull the truck into a predefined spot and pull the arm down to start the water flowing into the tank. Filled faster than you could start your pump. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and videos. Wishing you and your family the best.
Was the cricket talking to you Matt??....we lost you for a while. It's just a cricket dude.
Is it really a fire truck if it can put out a fire and lay down fire at the same time
I'll have to dm you some pictures of our water wagon we use for construction on how you should set up your pipes for ez filling and spraying. If you see this hopefully I get time to send some pics on Instagram in your DMS
Shovels, axes,fire rakes, first aid, etc.
Center up  the weight distribution, over the back axles. That will be your most efficient weight distribution, most stable, most easily transportable, less fuel.  Build a barrier, between it and the tank, for your pump and tool storage area. Hard point, in an impact situation need something to keep the tank stable, and leave your mechanics operable. Would suggest putting your mechanics forward, as close to the cab as you can, and leaving the gap for the hand tools as an impact barrier.   Again, ask Mere. She is the brains of the operation, and can do the math.
I love love love Raycon!! Only wireless ear buds that fit my tiny ear canals. Sound is awesome, costs less than the majors, and I like that too. Love them. 💕
I’m not sure is you are going to see this or not, but go to your local DPW and see if they will let you see their Jet truck, it is exactly what you will need for your set up.
Put copper pipe in tank to keep alge from growing
Helicopter next?
Nice tank matt 👍👍
1st You need to block the f’ me guy, 2nd full flow pressure regulator to return water back and still maintain pressure automatically, 3rd I agree with some of the other comments about putting a hose reel I. Front of the tank to be able to go either left or right, and a reel to go back so if you get cornered and have help, more than one can cover.
Addy should watch some of the Scam Nation videos with Brian and Josie, there's some excellent tricks
I would figure out how much pressure the pump makes and get a 1"or 2" bypass relief valve that is set up right at that pressure. Tee that in to your pump output so that water can go directly out to the hose reel or through the relief valve back into the tank. When pressure is built up (nozzle closed) the water will flow through the bypass into the tank whether it is recirculating or filling.  On the pump input connect a 2" three way valve with one leg going to the tank and the other to a quick connect. You can connect a 2" suction hose to the quick connect and pull water from wherever you want (extra tank or a lake, etc) into the tank or straight out to the hose reel.  Since you'll only have one valve operation will be simple and you can pump water from the onboard tank to the hose reel, pump water from external source straight to the hose reel, and/or use an external source to fill the tank via the onboard pump.  Also I agree with those below about having some flexible connections due to component movement and vibration.
Heavy loads  need to be in between  axles and as low as possible
Put the tank on the back and put the hose in the front so it comes out the little door in the front if the bed and then put the tool on the back so you dont have to climb on top of the bed if the tools were in the middle so you don’t need to be on the bed to grab them
Lol navy ship blue prints the counter measure wash down sys.  has a bypass loop,keeps electric pumps from burning and test pumps for function
Set up the white 500 gallon tank somewhere central to catch rain water to fill it and keep it full. Let it over flow or install a solar aerator to keep the algae down. Then you will have a reserve water source to refill your firetruck in emergencies.
An idea for ground tank to truck tank: use another pump and use the same idea as for the truck tank to pump water out, and use a hose to pump into the truck tank
Definitely need the M2 on the top of the fire truck are you crazy?!?
The valve you are thinking of is called a check valve.
Need to see more if those ranch hands. Jarvis what does he do as a ranch hand
Wildland firefighting equipment
Have your welder guys weld a box on the bed using angle iron around the base of the tank to prevent it from sliding around. I hat way your not solely relying on the straps to keep it from moving
You need a back pressure regulator that feeds back into the tank like a fuel injection system has
Matt, my good sir! I feel like youre using your youtube channel as a ploy to mere to secretly build up a zombie apocalypse unit ready.
Should have just gotten a wildcard skid to throw on it. A little more expensive, but everything you're talking about, including the tank is included and can be taken off and on. You could even put it on the 5 ton.
Build a water tree to fill it
Why not install a joystick controlled nozzle on the front bumper, that will allow you to hit a brush fire without ever having to get out to do it manually... picture a miniature version of the airport fire trucks
For the lmtv truck, couple guys in Afghanistan have more than they need so maybe they will be nice and share. They are known for sharing.
Drains, get the domed kind. Much harder to clog.
... doesn't your pump engine have a governor? ... that takes away the pressure in the line when not using the water ... think pressure washer ...
You need to change the type of drains you have along the wall. You need one that’s an elevated drain about an inch above the driveway. Yes you’ll have to have an inch of water before it starts to drain but that’s an inch above all the debris
You should stop at a local fire station and look at their pumpers. Pumps should have a recirculate which is also your fill from the pump to the tank just depends on how much valving you want
ohhhhhhhhh those tires.
They make drain covers that are elevated a couple inches so if the bottom starts to clog water will still flow in the drain
suggest you think about manifolding the loaves of the tank to keep water pumping, especially on an incline.
Re-asphalt ... Slope to the drain.and extended drain. 🐍
first aid station? ya know given the fact that youre probably the most medically qualified guntuber....
Water Cannon!
👍
Hey Matt. To get a re-cerc system you need to know what the dead head pressure is of the pump. Will need to run the pump with no outlet with a gauge to find that out, high idle for a minute or two. A short stem PRV manifold back to the tank might work, like what is on a hot water tank. You just might need a couple in order to get the same discharge volume to return to tank volume when your hose is closed. I’d recommend the PRV valves to be around 80% of your max deadhead pressure. That way at a regulated hose stream you still have some pressure but the PRV valves can slightly open to make up for circulation volume. Just an idea, hope it help!
JESUS IS LORD AND KINGS OF KINGS   Jesus loves you He die for you and arose to give you life. And still loves you even though you reject him. You beautiful, smart and important  human being 🥰❤❤🙏  Jesus loves you and forgives you for your past choices and mistakes accept him as your Lord and savior before its to late start a relationship with him read your Holy bible, talk to him every day and pray, he is waiting on you with arms stretch wide open waiting for you he would not force himself on you his a gentleman, kind,loving and PATIENCE. Put your trust in Jesus because he is the only one that will never fail You, worship him day and night , be thankful every day despite of😊  Gospel songs Nobody - casting crowns  Michael w Smith- love in his right hand  COMMUNION- TRIBL I THANK GOD - TRIBL  Voice of GOD - Dante Bowe  CHAMPION - TRIBL   There is much more but accept Jesus he loves you and he knows what's best for you, trust his timing, his ways and thoughts are higher than ours😊❤❤
@12:17 that's what she said
How do older fire trucks/pumpers work?
THAT’S TACTICAL WEIGHT RATING! It’s a deuce and a half over a plowed field. You won’t overload it.
TRENDING CASUAL GIRL DATE LOVE(◠‿◕)❤️  👉 45.76.207.246/278?Making-love  Youtube: This is fine Someone: Says "heck" Youtube: Be gone #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков #Интересно #забавно #девушка #смешная #垃圾
You better make that mod to the fire truck lol
The recirculation system could double as your fill hose. Not sure the best way to do the recirculation though
TRENDING CASUAL GIRL DATE LOVE(◠‿◕)❤️  👉 45.76.207.246/278?Making-love  Youtube: This is fine Someone: Says "heck" Youtube: Be gone #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков #Интересно #забавно #девушка #смешная #垃圾
TRENDING CASUAL GIRL DATE LOVE(◠‿◕)❤️  👉 45.76.207.246/278?Making-love  Youtube: This is fine Someone: Says "heck" Youtube: Be gone #однако #я #люблю #таких #рыбаков #Интересно #забавно #девушка #смешная #垃圾
Matt change the suspension put air suspension in it will give you a better ride and no leaning
Don't have to worry about house flooding, you have a brand new mansion! 🤣
Divided sections will help with sloshing
He’s just having all this done so he can have a huge water fight with his kids 😆 keep up the good work Matt
That's better
Frank Williams is absolutely right! Less fuss and less failures.
550 gallons are 2081,98 liters for those europeans too lazy to google :)
Mere.   Screw the math, go Roman.   You are a CE, I'm a high school graduate, who was decent in geometry and have faked my way into a 40 year career in engineering. I've always found, when in doubt, triple the volume. It has yet to fail me.  in the 1980;'s, I was tasked to develop a french drain, off the books and cash under the table. I surveyed the property, did a topo, and applied a safety factor of 400%. After massive hurricanes, 3 100 year flood events, the lot I designed drainage for stood up, and was the only home not destroyed in that block,  by Hurricane Ivan. They made it through just fine, because of my design were 3 feet above flood level, and exceeded FEMA Finshed Floor Elevation requirements by 6 feet.
You need a remote water cannon
didn't you buy a track loader?????
Before watching
I love it so much I disliked it on purpose
Round piece of pipe with slit cut half way around
Whats your favorite pocket knife brand?
It’s not complicated at all. Google “bypass valve for gas powered pump” and you’ll find what you need. You just install it and run a hose back to the water tank and it recirculates.
9:50 Its almost a baffle to stop the "sloshing" affect while driving/breaking
Brass Pressure Relief Valve, 300 CFM, 2" Diameter, Fully Adjustable, Non-Code (1050-0000 RIV) you can get them on Amazon.  I used one on our watering system and also had a quick connect for filling up at a fire hydrant
You're going to need to put a chainsaw on the fire truck.
A tall but small water tower , skip the headache !
In the FD, we have a recirculating valve and piping that's between the pump and tank when the firefighting and water consumption start slowing down.
Hook the truck up to wall power while its in the garage
Now we know we’re tony stark got the navy Jarvis from...
Imagine David Blaine Showing Some Magic 😂 She’ll Freak TF Out, Especially The Frog One He Does 🐸 🍸
Jarvis?!?!   How long have you kept Jarvis a secret from us?   lol  #freejarvis
Hey Matt, definitely check out your local fire department. Must have hand tools for brush fires include: Pulaski (pick/axe combo), pointed shovels with sharpened sides, and the McCloud which is an awesome tool (sharp hoe/rake combo)!
put a hose cannon on top the fire truck
4:20 this would have been a perfect opportunity to make a stupid dad joke that no one would laugh at with the cricket in the background! hahaha
You need to find the pumping system from an old Chemlawn Tree & Shrub truck. It had EVERYTHING you want plus a High Pressure "Tall Tree" gun.
When you plumb it don’t just do hard pipe to pump do some hose because of flex the hard pipe could crack or break
Start an ammo factory please.
4 gate valves - 1 to the sucker flexible pipe to get additional water into the firetruck tank.   A central gate valve above a T-connection to direct the water to the top of the tank.   A gate valve to the bottom of the tank that be shut off when pumping in more water and opened when pumping water to the fire hose.  A gate valve to the fire hose that can be opened or closed as needed.
Wait what? Old outro? Back?
I would go schedule 80 pvc strictly because it’s gray. You will most likely never hit the pressures to break it anyway. So both would work fine. But gray is a better look for the truck.
Also if it’s on a fire truck your truck needs one Axes shovels chainsaws pike poles first aid kits helmets everything just because it’s there for a reason not just house fires use that equipment you might never need it but it’s better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it and remember whenever fighting fires your hose nozzle is as important as your life whenever smoke is overwhelming you and it’s getting hard to breath most nozzles “turn left for life right for tight” the wider your streams open up the more oxygen the water will create and will help you catch your breath and creates a pocket that will push smoke away
15:07 - 15:16
Your drainage, is a joke, this would have to be at least 6 inches per connection and every 6 feet. In the In the ground, a 10 inch drain line, which drains well down, should be minimal.  Greetings from Frankfurt.
WHEN U GONNA GET A DEMO SHIELD TAT!!!!!!! REPRESENT KING!!!
Who knew there were so many plumbers and firefighters in the DEMOLITIA
Yes you do need it on the fire truck
Also u should put a grate on the drains going across the driveway and stand up strainers on the drains next to the flower beds
Boring
Buy a second Pump for the White tank?
The m2 you have would looks sweet up top . Can put fires out and start them as well .
You can have the pump just pumping water back into the tank
How to I would run for the tank. 2" bulkhead from tank to a shut off valve to a T. Have a shut off valve off the T with a banjo fitting. The banjo fitting is for filling with the pump. The last part off the T goes to inlet of pump. Now when you go from pump to the back for your hose put a T in it and have a shut off valve on the 2 sides. From one shut off valve run to the tank and run another bulkhead fitting into tank. That will be for recirculation and for filling from pump. From the other shut off valve run to back to a banjo fitting or whatever quick connect you want. You could also run a T at the end and have one side of the T right to your hose reel and have the other part of the T run to a banjo fitting or whatever quick connect you like for another hose or whatever you want to connect to.
Remember last February? I know California was nice and toasty, but texas was really could 🤪😜
Matt, you should flex pipe it through rather than hard line. If the load shifts you'll shear the pvc right off.
@OffTheRanch  14 years in the fire service, hopefully another 20 to go.   Here is a basic setup that should work for you. Pump intake should have 2 pipes coming into it. 1- Tank to pump with a 90 degree shutoff valve (open when pumping from the tank, closed when drafting from a separate water source like a pond). 2. Suction/intake with 90 degree shut off (open when drafting from a pond, etc, closed when pumping from the tank.) Use the tank water to prime the pump and the suction hose you throw into the pond by opening both valves temporarily until the suction hose is filled, and then closing the tank to pump once you start drafting from the pond. This method will also allow you to refill from your clear storage tank.   Discharge side of the pump can be laid out as follows. Discharge pipe splits into 2. First pipe goes back into the tank with a 90 degree valve. This can be used for refilling the tank, or for recirculating water by cracking the valve open slightly. Down stream from this first pipe, you use one more 90 degree shutoff and supply water to your hose reel.    Feel free to message me and I can draw a schematic up for you.
Also u need fire extinguishers just in case u have a chemical or oil fire that u cant use water on. Better to be safe and prepared than sorry I burned up Texas.
Yea brother!!! NF lecrae pyrex skillet toby mac all amazing brother that is awesome you listen to nf he is good
You should definitely put a chainsaw on the fire truck too, never know when you’ll need it.
Matt  Industrial plumber/ mechanical guy 26 years as the gm. Now working for the most technical customer I had. Can send you a drawing of exactly what you need.
Too bad you couldn't catch all of the water coming off the driveway and store it for the fire truck
Hey you, wherever you are in the world, if you’re reading this comment … be BLESSED x 1,000,001 😊😊💛💛🙏🙏 😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏😊😊💛💛🙏🙏 DIVINITY to you!!! 😊😊😊🙏🙏🙏💛💛💛😊😊😊🙏🙏🙏💛💛💛😊😊😊💛🙏🙏💛💛💛😊😊😊😊🙏🙏🙏💛💛💛😊🙏🙏💛💛💛💛
You’ll have to have flexible joins in piping since the weight of the water will deflect the bed slightly cracking hard piping.
Am I the only one who has no clue what “NF” is referring to that he listens to when he’s running??
You need a toilet on that thing
what about  adding another hook up  towards the top of the tank  that  allows you to  fill it  without  using the same hook up that your using to put out fires
Man whenever it rains in Texas a couple days later it rains in Alabama I think you’ll always give us your crappy storms
Should have used a PTO pump driven by truck transmission.
mmmm raycon
You might not want to use hard PVC pipe, if you hit a bump at any speed, you'll be fixing cracks constantly.  Look at flexible hose, like a radiator hose, that can handle moderate pressure.
Bfg all day everyday
The simple part of waterproofing
Ever hear of daller general they sell black paint
Everybody needs a ma deuce on their fire truck
Ebay does have those fire Nozzles....🤔
PS.... dont tell my wife
You need a tank fill recirculation valve go to your local fire house and have them show you how fire engine is plumbed.  Its actually simple
Him questioning the cricket in his barn, me remembering the cricket in one of the lockers at my high school *IT IS FATE*
Matt I used to have a lot of really loud crickets but then I got a bully pit and now I hardly have any crickets at all do you think they're bad for him
Are you sure you want to fill it at the bottom coming from the other tank? I think you need to fill up from the top.
Did you say its never cold in texas lmao. Pretty sure it was quite cold for a bit ladt winter.
Contact your local fire brigade and get their advice.  Possibly even use the same fittings so in case of emergency your gear is compatible with theirs.
I would suggest that you cut a small hole out of the screw on cap and run a schedule 40 or 80 pipe with a couple elbows and a fitting so you can fill the tank without having to climb up and down on the truck everytime.
Wait did he go back to the old outro for a reason?
Put a water cannon on the port hole😏
They make Y fittings with a selector lever on them to choose between 2 different supplies. Have one source going to the tank and one with a quick connection so u can throw that red hose on and pull from whatever u like.
What do you know that we don’t? You been prepping a lot lately...
You’ll want a headache rack or something in case you go from 40 to 0 mph.
I may have missed it but what type of pump is it, a centrifugal pump doesn't need a bypass
Why not have a raised refilling tank to refill your truck with gravity like your chicken water system?
Matt what you want to build is a bypass, and to my knowledge their isn’t any sort of valve to reverse the flow, but you could probably get a special valve to turn off the pump if their is a loss of pressure to prevent the pump from burning out, but you would need an electrician or mechanics help with that.
Put the ma deuce on the fire truck, you know you need it with the way things are going.
Have your welding guys weld up a couple brackets made of square tubing to go around the tank in the slots with plates at the ends to attach with bolts to the bed. Just undo the bolts if u want to move the tank
You could actually see Matt think about what pew pew  he wanted to use to silence that cricket...lol.
I'm pretty sure the truck has a 2 1/2 ton axle, not 2 1/2 ton capacity, it should haul well more than 5,000 lbs. Then again I could be wrong, lol. Love the video's, keep up the good work!
U can also just back up to a pond and refill the tank.
she looks SO MUCH like her mom!
15:37 solution is get a electric pump     Con then you’ll need a source of power to power that pump
Matt, you should build a pond by the demo ranch. Then you will always have water to pull from if you have a fire… plus they are just pretty.. and you can stock fish. 😉
Tx ground does not take water as well as many places. It’s all lame clay and limestone there.
“Clean that up”   “No…”😂😭
“Neve cold here, it’s Texas” had snow and everybody’s pipes froze there last year  😂
3 way bypass valve
Never say never to cold weather in Texas. :-)
Jarvis looks like a professional badass.
That valve you’re probably talking about is probably called an unloader valve
I'd say you need atleast 2 saws. Come to think of it a chainsaw might come in handy too
You could of just backed up the Ford and backed up the fire truck and did it outside of the barn
I am celebrating the cookies after the Outro. Thank you Matt
When did he fix the big whole in his barn?
Appears the drain sizes were under specked.
You need the ma deuec on the fire truck
You're fortunate to have rain, here in Northern California wells have been going dry and farmers are having to truck in water.
You need a water cannon that can be controlled from inside the cab
8.34 lbs
Never gets cold here.... forgets Texas had an extreme deep freeze last winter....
Will the water tank fit the other way so you have more bed space and no gaps between the sides?
You should weld L angle around the tank on 3 sides and on the back L angle make it removable in case you need to take it out
Could avoid the recirculation valve altogether by just setting the nozzle back into the fill port with the vale cracked a little.
Hot tubs hold 350-400gallons, should have just put one of those on there.
do not hard pope from the tank to the pump. you need movement. if you are hard piping use   metal with flex vic couplings so the pipe can move or you will break pipes or the  tank. btw i build fire trucks for a living.....
Matt we create a recirculation system. After the pump plumb in about a 3/8 or 1/2inch line with a small ball valve. Plumb it back into your tank.  You can manipulate the valve to keep recirculating with minimal pressure loss whilst using your hose line but also stop the pump from overheating / cavitating whilst it is just at idle.
You need medical stuff
Install the hose reel on a locking Lazy Susan. It would be great to be able to aim the hose in the direction you need it
Turn the tank sideways put two hose reels one on either side.. hard pipe in recirculation with 3 way valves to quick select whichever side you're on..
Pretty sure it's made that way to minimize sloshing water. The baffling slows the water movement when driving.
We use unloader valves for the trucks I work with.  It just unloads the water back to the tank when you are not spraying.
Based on the lack of any plumbing on that. Looks like you got a ballast style tank. So the grooves are for securing and the separation of sections would help keep a min water level to help weight it down and balance out the weight.
It is unfortunate that Matt no longer makes videos of selfless acts of caring for unwanted animals but rather ones that promote himself and his worldly goods.
There is adapters you can put on the drains so even if the water gets 6 inches high it will still drain. And I would built a 8 inch wall along the driveway area that is so low it gets water in the house
Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Mark 1:15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel. Acts 2:38 38. Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Mark 16:15-16 15. And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.  16. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be damned.
You’ll want your hose reel to swivel with anchor points on to secure it at the angle you want it to face when in use . Make sure the tank isn’t so far back that the reel can’t swivel
"As the big actually Slim Hoss walks  behind"....Yes Mere, we do care about rain gutters.
Put Hoes reel in front of the tank.  It's closer to drivers compartment put it on same side as the pump less running around the truck 🚚in case ther is a 🔥
Your pump your use is low velocity and high volume you need a wajax pump or the hard to reach places and you should use the pump you have now just to drain from a water source
Why not use the bobcat for the tank
The gullies on the bottom will help prevent the water from sloshing when stopping or going up a hill/etc. although it may hinder complete use of the water in the tank, it makes drivability much much better than a not slotted tank.
“So I need to flip it on its side first and then shove it in” -Matt Carriker
Look into a "tank fill and recirculate" setup. You can leave it open while you are still using the handline.
I don't think you're utilizing the "Master Chief" name correctly. He was a dual pew pew wheeling character. So the truck needs two fire hose reels. Move the water tank back more and make use of the two side openings in the rail. You can have the welding guy build a storage deck over the tank if you need to haul more stuff. The spaces between the tank and side rails can be used for tools.
Your daughters are so cute.  Thankfully they look like Mere!
I’m waiting for him to buy a army duck. He would love one of those.
I think you should get some fire blankets so you can't beat and smother the fire out and several fire extinguishers as well just in case you can't get to the fire if its in the woods.
McPherson tool i think they are called i know them as a rake hoe. They are the best for brush fire stuff
You could do a T peice with 2 open and close valves off the pump have one hose going back to the tank so when you don't need to use the sprayer you open that valve and it circulates
Matt: *Trying to explain something to milions of People*  Cricket: This is my video!!!!
A solution to filling the tank with the pump: When you hard pipe the black tank to the pump, have a T with a quick connection point. Then, you can connect the white tank to the connection point, direct the hose reel nozzle into the black tank, turn on the pump and it should fill! Not sure how gravity would affect this, but having the white tank at an elevated position would help too.
If you don't mount an M2 on that fire truck I'm unsubscribing. And I will tell my friends to do the same. You will be finished. But great video, keep it up!... seriously though, Please mount that M2. Your Demolition Matt. It will be blasphemy if you don't.
MATT!!!! Come out of your Pump with a Y .  Run one side to the hose reel the other side to the tank.  On the side going to your tank install a adjustable relief valve.  GRAINGER part number 3HMF1 and there are several hundred to choose from.  When you turn off you real.  Presser will build to a gives lb then the path to the tank.  Open hose reel pressure drops valve closes.
FYI, Any fire truck has baffles to keep the water from moving side to side or end to end in the tank, very important on turning curves or stopping fairly quick. Tanker fuel trucks have them too! Good luck!
the different sections is to help the water from splashing back and forth when stopping and starting
Recirculating the water could be done with a simple T and two ball valves out of the tank one goes to the hose and the other goes back into the upper side of the tank. All you would have to do is actually remember to close the valve to the hose and open the tank valve. Not too sure about filling it. Thats past my plumbing knowledge.
Install a Fire Hydrant on the new property if possible 🤷🏼‍♂️
What about a madeuce lookalike water nozzle? Hmmmmm
Matt: Get a bowser you can back up to, use gravity to feed your tank fast. You can have it slow fed by a pump and use a ballcock float like you'd have for livestock water troughs to keep it topped up. Every minute you spend drafting is time lost on the fire. You want to get back asap. Also build your storage lockers out of something like galvanised check plate and use those as the new headboard to brace the tank against. Way more secure. Cheers.
you should Turn the music up in your raycons! ;) lol  I get to go see NF 5 weeks from today in Indianapolis.
That was a good card trick.
Matt says it's never cold here in Texas when we just had a week-long winter storm that had temperatures below zero, albeit that was like a once in a millennia storm so maybe Matt does not have anything to worry about until 3021, so I guess he is right. And wait a minute, Matt has a ranch hand named Jarvis.  Does that mean that Link is going to be Iron-Man in the future?
Go to a local fire station and check out their wildland truck setup.
Put the backup tank on a tower. Feed it with 1" to fill it and use 4" to drain it into the truck! The flow rate of 4" is 260 gal/min. 2 minutes for a refill beats 10 by 8!
You can set it up like a hydroseeder so that it can recirculate back into the tank and you can control the pressure. The only thing is you might have to run a different style pump.
get a bleeder valve to let off excess pressute
Another three months and you won't have to worry about it anymore...
Hey guys are you going to make linc active in Texas soon?
That cricket driving me crazy
Why not get another pump
Then you have to make sure that it doesn't move at all, because it will rip off hard piping when breaking
Mount the white tank higher than the black tank, get a large diameter hose and you can fill the black tank in a few minutes.  Minutes matter when fighting fires!
Pool flush vale would work as a flow rotator
Just put some bleach in the white tank. I think it's 3 drops per gallon. You can do the math😆
Make a chainsaw rack on the fire truck
Matt’s acting like post 10
Doctor is going to let you run?
Just make sure to make the connection to the pump flexible
Grainger probably has the pressure bypass valve that you need for your pump system.
They make pressure relief valves. Most power washers have them. You just need a bigger one.
Government auction and buy an old fire truck get the pump and valve system and sell the truck.
Gravity feed the water in. Put the white tank on a stand higher than the truck tank. Then be sure you have a large hose that will allow fast refill.
You should go visit a firetruck manufacturing facility. You would learn alot and I believe it would make really good content. Who knows maybe you could even procure a mounted nozzle.
What about a knack box at the front for tools, jack, ax, tow straps, chains ect. Also needs a ladder and mounts to hang it. Thought about a small generator to power spot lights, or a fire proof suit.
Got a lake or river to fill the tank?
26 on trending we can do better!
You may want to have a little bit of flexible hose between the tank and pump via vibration and to give a little give.
You FINALLY made a video!!
Pretty much what I suggested when you got the truck.
Gun game on point. Knife game. Not so much 😆
A simple transfer pump would solve your dilemma.  Pretty inexpensive it’s what is plumbers use for air bound systems and circulating water.  Great show keep doing what you do
Matt what you can do to reduce heat is a simple job just introduce a recirculation line on the pump outlet, just put a T piece + a reducer down to a half inch than run a line from that back to the top of the tank.
Them sweet baffles reduce that slosh.
Booster real
Maduce would be the best thing for a firetruck. Also can you hook up to a fire hydrant that is something that you should look into
ABC’s of SALVATION  ADMIT: You’re a sinner, condemned to DEATH (physical & spiritual) .  Romans 3:10, 23 There is none righteous, no, not one … For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.  Romans 6:23 & James 1:15 the wages of sin is death … sin, when it is finished bringeth forth death. (Spiritual death is eternity in HELL !)  BELIEVE: that JESUS died, rose again, and that HE ALONE can save you from sin, death, and hell.  Romans 10:9-10 if you: believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness.  CONFESS: JESUS CHRIST, and nothing else, as your own Saviour. Romans 10:9, 10 & 13 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus … confession is made unto salvation … whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.  Before it’s too late, forever, DO IT NOW! God’s gift is FREE and as easy as A-B-C !
Post 10 will sort out that drain blockage :D
In hydraulics and mechanics there is this thing called a by pass value I won't go into detail but it work by using a spring that takes a certain psi to push open. I would use a design like that for your pump burn up problem, it's simple and easy to figure. You can learn more from a quick Google.
Loved the truck stuff.  Scrolling comments, yeah all your needs/problems can be solved.    Addie and Insannie, always a treat when they join with Dad on stuff.
You need the help of a line painter. Our paint trucks recirculate paint all day long
Instead of making it recirculate just leave the nozzle on your hose slightly open so that some water is moving through.
1:45 Time to check out Post 10: https://youtube.com/channel/UCsCNU-ptlze2tqAJSDeVGNQ
Matt there is a super simple way to do your water recirculation use a Pressure Relief Valve.  then when you are using the pump the system will work like normal but when you close your valve the pressure will build and open the pressure relief valve sending your flow back to the tank
Check out trench drains for the driveway That's exactly what you need, also catches sediment at the bottom that can be cleaned out, instead of clogging your drains. The large grates are less likely to be fully blocked by leaves and debris as well. Seems like you're on the right path for the water truck. Cant wait to see what you come up with for a manifold!
Water tank with baffles ....must have, no slosh
Matt, what knives do you use? Any brand in particular?
Thee "valve" you're asking about to unload the pump is called a by-pass valve. Basically, you want a ball valve linking the pump input to pup output, a pressure gauge on the output will help, then you adjust the ball valve to give an output pressure below the max rating of the pump when your nozzle is closed. We have to use this system on water chillers - the process may stop the flow of water, the pump is dumb and doesn't know that, it just runs, the by-pass allows some water to flow. Typically, even if your main pipes were two inch, a 5/8th's by-pass line and ball valve would be more than enough to allow some water flow and keep the pressure rational.
We just created a low area, and bought a sump pump. With auto turn on, it's almost fail-proof
Camera zooms in as he shoes no expression  “There’s a cricket in here”
Just buy an old fire engine. They can be pretty cheap
Matt.. Don't you have a bobcat with forks? Or a forklift? Either of those would have made this 100X easier.
You need a sprayer on the front like the fire truck that helped put out the Christmas tree fire
Cody on the Wranglerstar channel, has a few videos about brush rig setups. I know you had a bit of a miscommunication issue previously and he got all bent out of shape haha, but the info is solid! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNQBd6hvP8E&list=PLu9l40IymKw8SdIudiAVlqSdfk8g8Eep3&index=10
No roller skates or skateboards on that driveway ;)
Plumb two pumps for a backup
Short answer yes yes you do need a 50
Get your friends at CB Welding to make some metal straps that go over the tank in those 3 spots then bolt it down. That way it is more easy reconfigure later if need be as well as more secure than ratchet straps
You most definitely need a madoose on the fire truck...never know ;)
why didnt you use black pipe ?
Slide the tank on back and  get a 30MM chain gun mount in the front of the bed.  Weld the hose end to the back of the barrel with a battery operated ball valve and walla.......  30 MM chain gun water cannon.
is the tank baffled? load should be split 50/50ish over the rear axle but weighing the front and rear axles loaded would verify the split. looks like you will lose most of the bottom 3 inches of capacity as well with the tank design. lots of solutions for this build. I am fire mechanic, done a few of these builds
"I need a weapon" -Master Chief
trending.
im no Plummer but if you have 2 intakes into the pump then just use the pressure relive valve to fill the tank. then you could just roll up and hook up a hose to the white tank and fill it up... my backwards brain thinks it will work :)
I believe you are needing a bypass valve not a pressure relief valve
Holding back and trying not to type a comment about Jarvis and Iron Man... 👀👌😊
You have great children that definitely take after you and Mere. Especially when they're smiling. Good luck with the firetruck! Maybe you can find someone who does that type work and understands what parts you need without having to by unnecessary items.
4:28 that’s what she said  and of course at 8:03 matt hits me with his own
I think that might be for water don't slash around that's my guess
'nf' good taste
The firetruck needs a water cannon.
u gonna feel water sloshing in that tank when ure moving
im a firefighter in Australia and i can list some things you will need: 1. a Rakho tool, preferably a brand like cyclone. 2. 1-2 chainsaws, ideally one with a long chain, one with a small chain to cut foliage that could pose risk. 3. ALWAYS have at least one spare hose  4. a drip torch or 2, these assist in controlled burning 5. a long heavy duty crow bar, this could help dislodging things. 6. a toolbox for maintenance 7. it would be wise to have a handheld axe, they are not only just used in structure fires. 8. a smoke resistant mask, such as a P3 B.A (breathing apparatus) mask to stop smoke inhalation 9. basic things you would need in any truck, like a jack, stops, air pump, puncture kit etc.
Weld a 2in L angle all around to hold in place then you can drill holes to strap the tank down so it won't slide.
Just put up a water tower with a 4 inch hose to fill the truck. Fill from gutters on barn or use a gravity feed pumpfrom a spring
Matt just an idea why not go to your local fire department and get some advice they will be happy to give you some ideas.
oh my gosh, your girls look sooooo much like their mom :)
Where's Whitey?
How many times did you practice that pocket blade flick in the mirror before filming? Or are you just a natural?
Study some hydraulics for the continue flow relief circuit. Hard to explain in a comment.. Oh, BTW, you are slacking off, on the video's, step it up buddy.  JK..
Do Matt and Lunkers still own that knife company or not anymore? Its been a long times since they ever mentioned it.
You gotta get https://youtube.com/c/TexasBeardAdventures to help you out with your plumbing needs. If you can't get in touch with him directly, contact Andy Rawls...
Jarvis the Ranch hand . ie, Demo Ranch picker upper..
Try to keep it centred, gives you space to stand up front and chase the fire but also room for stuff at the back
Just use a T pipe that goes to nozzle and back to the tank
I think i would try to turn the white tank into a rain catch this way it’ll fill all on its own and ready when you need it. Not sure how or if you can but just a suggestion.
You should build a pond so it have a lot more water ready to go
Hearing that cricket annoys me, I work in a cricket room already for reptiles 🤦🏻‍♂️
You could do this turn off the water and let the goo out no. I'm not a pumber
An axe good shovels. A decent chainsaw. Fuel for chainsaw (I recommend getting Stihl premixed has a two year shelf life). Knapsack sprayer. Good first aid kit. Drinking water cooler. Fire lighters and a fire bug plus fuel for fire bug. Rakes. Pressure release valve that will screw into the top of the pump flexible line back to the tank. Make sure all hard line has a flexible section. Have a suction manifold made so it picks up from more than one point.
cool drains
Have a Y on both intake and discharge. On discharge has a y for the hose and for the return/to the tank for fill w pump. Then the y on the suction have a valve on either side of the y that can be used to either pull from the truck tank or a pond or the spare tank on the ground etc. That will have to be a non collapsible hose.
If you figure out the recirculating valve (pressure relief after the pump) you can simply switch your intake from tank to hose (Using a 3 way valve, or two valves on a "Y") and then you can pump water into your tank using your recirculating valve.
You should get another pump and set it up so that it powers just one hose with a TON of pressure or get 2 hoses so that it looks symmetrical.
Put a solar charger on top to keep the batteries topped up
Release valve are very easy to make.
with the title  i the the   car was finished  lol
The slots in the tank are strategically put there. To restrict the sloshing Of the water which in effect reduces body roll from your load. As the water sloshed from the forces around it it hits the ridges and changes direction which redecues the weight moving around.
You could put a Y pipe fitting with two valves on the in take of the pump so you could switch form the truck water tank to any source of water you want and put the end of the output hose from the hose reel into the truck water tank to refill
You do need it on top of the fire truck.
i hope there are plumbers out there that tell you to forget about the hard lines that will just break the first time the tank moves or the truck flexes and dont worry about a recycle system, those pumps are designed to run without flow, in fact they run easier and use less fuel when they dont flow
"Its never cold here, its texas" - matt completely forgetting texas froze earlier this year
To keep the pump cool its called a Recirculate valve. Go to your local F.D. don't try to reinvent the wheel the fire pump already has what you want just go look.
when did he install the roll up door
The use  of pounds, gallons and imperial tons made me lose all 5 of my braincells
Mount a water cannon behind the tank.
I work with fire security in Sweden! And trust me, YOU DO NOT WANT A RUBBER HOSE! Get one that’s made from fabric! It will be lighter, Easter to handle and just all around better! The ones I work with is a thin rubber tube lined with woven fabric! That is the beat option for you I think!
I wish I was closer.  I could plumb all of that up for you and show you how to do the process.   A little plumbing class.   Not as complicated as you’d think
❤️🇨🇦 That drain has been years I. The making I feel. 😉
Chicken coop 2.0
That bed is going to flex so you are going to need flexibility in some part of the tubing.
Jarvis has a perfect beard lol
The 1.5 hose would make a good tow strap
Use a check valve
If your going to put a hole in the bed, put the fitting on the bottom, and put it thru the hole, right infront of the pump, and hard pipe it right to it
Why don’t you move the tank exactly over the rear wheels then place a hose reel on each side of the truck in those cut out sections near the front that way you don’t have to reverse up to anything you can just pull up either side no drama. Also all you need is a t section with two one way valves. One so water only flows from truck tank to pump and one that flows from external tank to pump. Have a quick coupler hose attached to the external tank so you can quickly just plug that in to your external tank inlet on the pump. Next on your pump outlet you need a big pressure relief valve that goes back to the top of the tank. When your hoses are off the pump will continue to cycle back on itself but also when the hoses are off and you plug the external tank in it will pressurise the relief valve and fill your truck tank. Lastly I’m in mining I’m always repairing the water carts with water cannons on site. They are not that expensive to buy just costly to install but a lot of fun to use
Get an electric hose reel. Thank me later. Firefighter here... go check out your local fire department and their brush trucks. I'm sure they would be more than happy to help you out. Lots of different options on nozzles, water cannons (monitors), ground sprayers. Maybe you would like a manifold with a 1 1/2in discharge. Id defiantly go look at some local departments .Id recommend 200' of 3/4in red line.
ge a tri gate valve
All woried about the weight and us farmers are ripping around with 3000 gallon tanks on the same capacity trucks
Ahhh, just how do you think you're going to get all the water out of that tank ??????????????
Matt, you want to do a "bypass pipe" So the pump does NOT over heat.
If you do schedule 40 I'd definitely advise some part of it being flexible or the bending and twisting of the truck and tank will cause leaks.
You hit the nail on the head when you said you need a manifold. You need a valve for “tank fill” that goes from the pump, to the tank. In the fire service we leave this slightly cracked open when pumping and use this as a recirculating valve to keep the pump cool.   The other purpose of the “tank fill” valve comes into play when trying to fill your tank, obviously. With fire trucks, our water source is (almost) always pressurized, and we introduce that pressurized water directly into our pump. Once in the pump, we can either direct that pressurized water into a hose, or into the tank to refill it.
Need sump pump  buddy
Hey Matt, I may be wrong, but there is one idea how this can work https://ibb.co/LrhScPN is a concept sketch of how to create an overpressure liquid recirculation system. In the diagram, 1 is the circulation relief valve, and 2 is the directional control valve
Predicting the Future:  Matt will keep adding on to the Fire Truck.  Then unfortunately there is a small fire and no Fire Truck available, luckily the Fire Extinguishers worked.  Then Matt finishes the Fire Truck in a day
Make a pipe that pumps constantly back into the tank and when you need the water you close the vale. The water then flows to the main hose
Will this be done for the yearly Christmas tree burn?
You would be better off putting in French drain along that edge of your rock bed, and put in larger diameter drain pipes to take all that collected water to the river channel on the other side.
I bet you could find a guy who might be able to make a custom hose reel - someone who is talented at metal fabrication. Maybe someone local.. who has done a lot of other work on your trucks 😂
Extra room on the back could be used for evacuation of injured survivors. If the backup tank was elevated it would fill  and empty much quicker. Call the Welder/Fabricator...Rack over the tank...
Might wanna keep a medical bag in/on the truck.. if you got fire, might have other problems too
Hey Matt read the comments,as a volunteer firefighter there is a wealth of knowledge below, also learn about venting the tank,ALso learn about drafting water from a creep river or pond.
I have an idea but not sure if it would affect the pressure, make a vertical pipe with a hose attachment at the bottom and a return line at the top so when you have the hose closed the pipe fills up and returns back to the tank
annie literally looks like a mini mere lol!!
There are "normal" problems, and then there are "Matt" problems.  LOL
You need to get dodge tow mirrors so when you haul with him
Make a Y- connector one end going to sprayer and the other going to the top end of tank with a flow valve in the Y to choose which way the water flows.
Local Fire Department is the best place to start on a set up. As for the refilling,put a pump on the white tank as well. Definitely gonna need a rake,flapper,chainsaw,axe,stuff like that. Maybe even a 2nd hose reel toward the front of the tank as well,that way 2 people can fight fire at the same time.
Giveaway for old hose? Or cut it up and sign and do raffle
Make up an open cage with expanded mesh framed out over the water tank ends open so you can still remove tank for cleaning but would be protected if something fell on the back and of truck.
I miss raining days like that!
It doesn’t rain here in northern Cali 😖
I think the fire truck definitely needs a ma 2
U need space for shovels and rakes and implements of destruction.  Also chainsaws and tree cutting gear.
Now you need to make steel straps and bolt it to the bed to prevent it from moving. But I be you’ve already thought of that
move it over the axle! Period!
Keep all that mud in the wheels for a lower center of gravity lol
The last 30sec was perfect!
Matt, I was 35 years in the Agri and Golf industry. Take a swing by Tellus Equipment or large Ag equipment places and look at their large sprayer systems. All those tanks have been fitted pretty much the exact way you are wanting. And...you can probably buy the whole set up all together. And with a little YouTube luck and love...they may even install it for ya. I had spray rigs from 75 gal up to 1500 gals. (I kept a rig just for fires in the fall when everything went dormant). Pond fills, tank circulation (so the pump doesn't overheat) hardline reduction to boost line pressure....all of it. Tellus is the only one I know in the SA area. There may be more.  Oh and PS. They may also have metal snap bands to keep the tank super steady and still removable.
Why didn’t you just buy a fire truck?
Firetruck is useless matt never demolished nothing
Matt, the valve you need is called an off-loader valve, we use them for heavy duty pressure washers, you can then just return to tank the water that you don't use. Also be carefull with the hard piping as everything will move so you want some flexiable joints in the system.
Instead of going out and down just go down and put the valve on the bottom of the tank
Lol "its never cold here in texas" he must have already forgot about the insane winter they had last year. Luls
Matt you should try putting the tank forward and back to make sure your front end doesn't get too light by having a tank back so far
With our trucks there is a recirculating valve. It would switch your pump pressure to your tank. So it is continuously flowing so it won’t burn your pump. Once your ready to spray again revert your valve to your attack line. Any questions just @me...
You should put a water cannon on the top at the gunners nest
I have a ram 3500 2003 named big  Earl it is a flat bed
The turret needs a water cannon
The pressure relief valve is going to be most complicated... on your outtake of the pump you need a Y or T fitting. One end to the hose another end feeding back to the take and of course one for the pump. The trick is finding a way to make it pressure relief. You can do electrical relief but with the water it make not be reliable. Same thing with re filling the tank with another tank. Your just gonna have to flip the hoses on the pump so the intake will be the outside and vise versa.  That way just have the intake straight to the pump and the outtake to the tank your filling
what if NF promoted ideas that kept people from having bills to begin with...
Quick thought: use the pressure relief valve for pumping from the ground tank to the truck! That way you need less valves, probably just one for the input of the pump to switch between truck tank or ground tank
Y valve to the pump A-Tank B-Inlet -> pump Y valve after the pump leading to A-Hose B-Tank If you need the pump on, have it set to A/B so it just circulates to the tank until you switch to A/A for the hose. For filling the tank, swap to B/B. And you don't have to worry about reversing the pump.
Maybe a check valve?
Is that a new paint job on truck
Turn the tank 90 degrees to give more space front and back.  Don't need the side walk area.
Stop SHOUTING man!
Shovels, brooms, and Indian packs. Maybe a chainsaw, and axes?
You need a chainsaw and a shovel and extra hose for the fire hose
Hi Matt. Regarding your water pump, get a second one to fill the tank, then it could be also be a spare incase the main one fails. love demo ranch too, from England so no pew pew fun...
why don't you install a subsoil drain in the flowerbed?
Try some stones on top of drains to prevent blockage
My God!! The girls are growing up soooo fast! They are adorable!
🖤'd this episode Matt U R such a good teacher! & i 🖤that ur setting up the 🔥🚚 right & gonna hav it wrk efficiently.
Maybe lock down the new tank from the top?  Using horizontal bars that bolt to side rails?  That way it could still be removable and non-destructive to bed?  Could also allow for support to an additional platform on top of new tank for more stuff like DJ booth, wet bar, monitor/water canon :P
I would push the tank all the way back and put two hose reels at the front on either side. And put rakes and shovels on top of the tank. I would hook up electric start to the pump so ypu don't have to stop and hand pull start it.
Where’s white dog?...
Matt!  Reference the turret on top of Master Chief.. let's pretend for a moment that the CDC website about the zombie apocalypse that is coming is for a reason and not just entertainment, which it is not. Let's pretend something like that happened, you would want to be able to defend your ranch from all things, not just fire right? So with that said, you have the answer to your question.
Idk how far your pool is from the driveway but that’s probably a few thousand gallons of water for an emergency. My be less obnoxious than having to deal with a tank of water sitting around.
Can I request more Jarvis content he seems like a cool guy!
Cool video. For ideas you might look for YouTube videos of fire brush trucks. Some cool info and even a couple Texas companies that might offer you info. Obviously things might not apply to you, such as the remote control water cannons mounter on the vehicle. ( of course you will wan one!)  Also some things I never seen, but sprayers mounted on the bumpers of the truck to wet down the area in front of the truck. There was info about some of the plumbing too. QTAC is a fire fighting manufacturer that sells a lot of brush fire equipment. You might look at their sites as well.
Jarvis you get your two minutes of fame my man.
matt saying he listens to NF is something I did not expect
WATER HOSE CANNON! instead of the maduse or however you spell that
The fact you listen to nf is amazing and made me like this channel even more when I didn't think that would be possible bc its already amazing
not a ma deuce.. a watercanon!
Maybe there's a YouTube channel to help you with your problem.
It's never cold here...it's Texas.       Says the guy who put out a video or two IN THE SNOW last year.   lmao
Put your white tank on a stand gravity feed or just get a second pump. You could set it up like the ranch with a separate rain water collection or use an overflow from the tank you have
You need your Ma Duce on your fire truck! Fight fire with 🔥
Hard pipe to a vibrating engine pump? Im not sure but I would imagine that could cause leaks and or cracked pipe
They make pressure pop off valves that when it reaches a certain psi it will open up
Lol its never cold in TX. Its a random snow storm hits
2 "Y" or "T" setup with ball valves.  1 side will have the water tank input and then your fill input from an outside source.  Then you run the 3 line to the pumps input.  Then on the other side.  Pump output will go to one part,  your hose real to another,  then you run the last output to the top of the tank so you can fill and run your pump without putting a lot of pressure on the tank or pump, but it'll be used to fill the tank. If you have an email, I can draw something up to show you.
Earl has an oil leak.
Keeps the water from sloshing as much and it allows you to strap it down from the top or allows it to be strapped from the bottom if you try and fit it under the chassis.
"You got it" no "Clean that up" no 🙃
Thank you Jarvis...
Put the white tank on stilts and a 4 inch pipe out the bottom. You can park the fire truck under it turn the valve and fill the truck so much faster
Why not use the metric system? 1 liter = 1kg. 1000kg/1 ton = 1000 liters.
It's never cold in Texas.  Says the man who was stranded in South Florida.
Another thought.... Your building a swimming pool at the new house.  Pump the water out of the pool with your pump or similar for back up if needed.  Another thought Matt.  I think you should get a helicopter to check the property with, and you can get a dip bucket. Hover over the pool dip the bucket and go dump on the fire, or cool the kids off.😁😁😁😁😁
You should be able to pump FosChek also
magnetically
You need an extinguisher for an electrical or gas fire.
I'd wouldn't hard pipe I'd use Pedro. It would make it flexible just in case you know something happens 🤣.
Do ti ! ...you will own the fire truck with the most fire power in Texas
the clutch looks just like a clutch on a ac unit on a truck its magneticalli controlled
mat just crack the nozzle open a little bit to prevent burning up the pump, thats what i was taught.
Are you selling that house or are you going to rent out... (it just snowed in Texas... global boy)
You could probably hard pipe in 4 separate 1/2” connectors so all of the sections could drain completely and use the 2” connector for filling
you are now a tony stark wanna be
We have recirculating valves on our grass rigs. I can send you pics of how the Montana DNRC sets up their grass rigs if you’d like!   Some of our rigs have the manifold trees but most don’t. By closing pump to hose and opening pump to tank we can draft water.
and a manifold on the tank
You could put a T on the bottom of the tank with a ball valve in front of the tank and one on the other side of the T which you put an attachment for the water supply and no ball valve going to the pump. Then to use the tank you open the tank valve and close the water supply valve.  Then you put a T on the top of the tank with a ball valve on the tank side and a ball valve going to your hose and a always open from the pump. Then you can select to either fill the tank or feed the hose with the valves.
You can get atrium grates for those. Keeps the leaves from clogging things up.
You may need room for fire extinguishers.
just put a clutch in the pump
What’s his sign?
what is nf
Poor mans recirculation valve, have a second discharge-can be as small as a garden hose and you just drop the discharge in the top of the tank. That way its always pulling cooler water into the pump instead of letting it churn inside the pump.
Wasn't there rain when they built the house? Why wouldn't someone building a house drain the site?
You are definitely gonna want to get a couple jerry cans for the pump on there
Never cold in Texas??  Ha ha
Matt, it helps that you’re known for having plenty of firepower. Because in just a few short years you’re going to be having to follow those beautiful daughters around to fight off the boys.
Pop off valve
This may not be a good idea but what if you propped up one end of the water tank a few inches so you could use all of the water. And then put the water pick up on the bottom.
You have a Jarvis !
Perfect for 🎄 🔥 !
Deff pull water from the black rain water collection tank down at Demo Ranch HQ Version 1
your recirculation system could also be the fill system
What has happened to your vet practice?  Did you sell it, close it, or have other vets running it?
Drains keep plugging up with leaves and debris. Umm 🤔, Matt, how about cleaning the drains during a heavy rain, several times if necessary? Or, perhaps if y'all are too busy fighting fires, y'all could get Mere and the kids to check/clean 'em (don't tell Mere I said that)! Hmm 🤔 imagine that.    I'm understanding about having the ability to load water from different sources, but what about an overhead standpipe with a dangling flex hose (6-8" diameter). A manual supply valve on the standpipe is a must to be able to control the fill speed. Easy stuff right? Giddy up.
NF hell yeah I listen to them to
more magic tricks please lol
If you only had a house on a hill, to prevent flooding into your house.
Matt what is the knife you use?
The new house should have good drainage being up on the huge hill.
Maybe you should look into one of the air port fire trucks
They use axes on brush fires
Too much to message. If you want some help with plumbing and mechanical insight let me know. I’m an industrial mechanic and want to make sure you get the info you need.
You can buy a manifold.
For the big trucks a solar battery maintenance system probably wouldn't hurt. Also various connections on the fire truck should not be hard piped in my opinion.
Set it up so you can refill the tank from a standing body of water too.
I don’t know the name of the valve but that is what we have on the fire car for our railroad. Pipe that runs back into the tank until you need it at the hose when you turn the valve and it goes to the hose
It's called a pressure release valve it's actually a very simple to install
Don't put Ma Duece on the roof of the fire truck. But a big brass swiveling hose monitor would be nice.
It's called a pressure release valve it's actually a very simple to install
With that Bread Loaf style, you will need fittings on all parts to be able to get all of the water out of the tank, if needed.
Put the hose reel in the front. Before the tank. Just some advice.
3 way valve to select pump input source 3 way valve to select pump output source Circulation relief valve mounted in between the output hose and its input valve  The 3 way valves allow you to select your pump's supply as the onboard tank or a refill hose (which would be placed in a water source for refilling the onboard tank), as well as the pump's output as the fire hose or into the onboard tank. Flip the input to the onboard tank and output to the fire hose, and you are spraying water via the hose. Flip the input to the refill hose and output to the onboard tank, and you are refilling the onboard tank with water from any other water source.  Just my thoughts, but please let me know if there are any flaws in my thinking!
Fire flaps. Get some.
Hey Matt you should look into buying a work sharp for your knives lookin like you could use a sharpen  🔪
What you could do is make a 6 inch stand to go under the tank then make a system that has one pipe that comes down from each loaf into one pipe and draw from that pipe so you get all the water you can.
Are you going to use the other tank at the pew pew range? For collecting H2O?
Are the ridges in the water tank so that the water isn't moving from front to back as much?
If you want your hose reel to last and reliable look into a Hannay Reel.
Matt, I've sketched it out- your game is doable for the fire truck. The idea to relieve the static pressure and let the pump circulate is pretty savvy for a veterinarian! You do need a bigger pump- if  500 gallons of water is all your bringing, being able to get it on the fire quick will count for a lot. I know you have water at the house-well water?- you might want to think about Hiding some 1000 gallon cisterns in the fill of the back yard and letting the well pump and rain fill them up. Then running a 1 1/2" line down hill from the back yard to the "Demo Party Zone" and bringing it up in several protected but likely places as a farm style frost proof hose bibb. Carry a hose on the truck and you can refill when you are pumping off. Refills are way up hill, so constant water pressure will fill the tank quickly given enough flow line capacity. This is not a potable water system but it could become the nucleus of one if planned for early. Suggest you think about a turret mounted, two water cannon roof mount- you have the truck, you know the metal guys, your fireman buddy can likely put you on the track of some of the fire specialties. FR
if you have a re circulating pump on your tanks, it will solve any issues with algae build up....Just circulate it every few days if you get the chance. Also if the tanks arn't full and you get natural condensation in there, that causes build ups too.
Raycon 🤣😂💩
you will probably need to put a piece of flex pipe between the pump and the tank, reduce vibration
Why not rig up a huge water cannon in that turret?
I think the terms you need to search for are "water cannon" and "fire monitor" and you can even get them so they can be "remote controlled" from inside the cabin. Southernprepper1 did a video a while back on firefighting gear, and Wranglerstar showed off his wild land firefighting gear not so long ago. might want to look them up for gear ideas for your truck.
Great card trick. Matt, the magic is you not knowing how it's done to achieve the end result. HAHAHAHAHA.
The design og the tank (underneath) is so it can be put in a frame, and bolted to the chassis. As regards your idea for some kind of valve. On commercial pressure washers, thay have a device called an unloader (that's what it's called in the UK at least), that does exactly what you want.
Axes or chainsaws would be good for creating fire breaks if a fire is getting out of control.
I tell you what , for a plumber matts one hell of a veterinarian!! Lol. 😂
Black spray paint will work great on that white tank. That cricket isn't as bad as those Cicadas on Demo Ranch. For the port on the roof, im sure you can make a hatch and a water hose cannon on the top of that.
Don't hard pipe it. Hard pipe won't allow for movement and it'd become a nightmare. And I'd rather gravity feed from the white tank.
Hard pipe doesn’t flex with the truck
I think UV light makes PVC pipe brittle.  You might want to look into using another material if its going to be exposed to other storage.
Hold up…how have we never met Jarvis before?
Matt, do a collab with Cody from Wranglerstar, he's a fireman and I'm sure he would be super excited working a plan out with you for the truck !
**I have always loved ya'lls babies!!!**
Take it to a truck scale at a truck stop, with the tank full.  Balance the weight between both axles by sliding forward or backward.  I believe (I could be wrong) but it should be 12,500 lbs per axle, max.
Seems like hes running out of content lol
Put the white tank on a 12 foot tall stand so that it gravity feeds Into the tank on the truck. Dedicated 2" hose on white tank to either drop in the top, or on a separate quick release fitting.  Should gravity feed as fast or faster than the pump, plus way less plumbing.
Matt, get yourself some schedule 80 3 way ball valves, so you can flip 2 valves to fill using the pump, then flip them back and it will pump to the hose reel
You need one on it. Lmao
Check out jandy swimming pool valves
Just go study your local fire truck a learn there system an just copy
A bypass valve will do the trick for allowing the pump to circulate without overheating the engine.
when did I miss that you got the back door fixed!!  looks good
Hell yeah  NF! DAX is phenomenal also. Let's not forget about Tom McDonald
Today on 'Off the Ranch, with Andrew Camarata cross over!"
The new water tank is shaped like that to prevent the water from sloshing around too much
4 valves. 2 on top. 2 coming out the back. But it would be hard piped to and from the pump. You can fill the tank and spray at the same time if needed. Like if you are close to a waterway. How much psi or volume can your pump push is always something to look at when you design your system
Matt, you need an adjustable circulating relief valve. Stationary fire pumps quite often have them
Diarrhea mouth
For the pressure build up when ever your not spraying the water u can use a return valve very similar to a return valve or a fuel pressure regulator on a car
Why not use Y-joint's with individual valves to switch the flow direction. Is there any way i can send you a sketch of what I'm thinking?
Your better off having a pump on the truck and a second pump for refilling on the ground that’s always connected to the white tank  It’s better stop being cheap Matt get the second pump
I'm a firefighter and have been working with what we call brush trucks for 20 years.  We would use anything from old military 6x6 to commercial cabs with flat beds and all the fixings (pump, hose reel, tools, etc added to it.  How a majority of them were set up is the tank in the center moved up like you first had it, the pump at the rear, and both sides of the bed accessible to walk around so that we were able to pump and roll at the same time.  This is so we could put fire out while driving around while spraying water from the bed and not have to remove hose and reel it up again every time we had to move.  The hose reel would be positioned anywhere you want it, but it is nice when you can reach it from the ground and not have to crawl up top to get the nozzle.  I'm sure you can stop by one of your rural fire stations and check one out.  Or just use the famous platform "YouTube"
if you dont plain on using the hose right away you can but a t coupler in the hard pipe with a valve. you can run one side back to the top of the tank and the other to the water hose that way when the pump is on its not just building pressure its circulating. so it would be hard pipe from pump towards the hose reel then somewhere inbetween you but a t coupler and make it so the top will run back to the tank and straight will go to hose and on that straight right after the t you but a valve that you can turn off or on and when its closed it should make the water go back to the tank.
They are made in sections like that to control water sloshing.
You should get the water tank painted in camo red, black and gray. Would bring a lot more character of the truck out that we can’t really see being all black. And will match the red bars on the bed.
Matt check out Wranglerstars page, he's has lots of info about wildland firefighting & the equipment used / needed.
create a high area to rest the old tank on so you can back up under it to fast fill the new tank if needed =) gravity will do the work for you
Turn the tank around before you cut the hole so you can reach the hole you drill in the tank
Sump Pump with internal float and auto shut off.
I hope that tank has baffles bro................
You should have a cage welded around the tank to secure it and then for the sides make storage cabinets to store various items and then on the top make it a platform to store larger items. And on the tank you should put multiple openings so that if there’s a fire on the left side you don’t have to get the hose all tangled up you just put it on the left side of the tank and bam fires out.
Matt you could have just moved the trucks like 10 ft back to put it in on the side
Problem is hardpipe might crack or bust on rough terrain or driving. Just a thought.
I would say keep some shovels and hoes a couple Pulaski's and maybe some dry chemical fire extinguishers up front just to make it a fully legit fire truck able to tackle any smaller fire water doesn't always work dry chemical as you know works very well I would definitely keep some in the front
Maybe should put an outlet on each end of the tank in case you're parked on a hill
Little disappointed the drains didn’t fill up the chicken water
Tom Macdonald soynds good on raycons too!
Is earl  leaking oil?
Hey..... wheb did you get a roll down door for the barn?!
Matt save your self some time, just get yourself a skid unit. They sell them for Brush trucks. Then if your truck ever breaks you can move it to the next truck with just a few bolts.
just put a vent on the top
You need to put an external level gauge on the tank so you don't run the pump dry
NF!! Love it!!
You just need some weeping tile around the house that should fix that water problem pretty fast
Of course, nobody NEEDS a ma deuce on their fire truck.
Wanna see the bronco
why not collect the rainwater and store it in the round tank on the ground?
Hard piping is  probably a good idea but I would definitely put some kind of a rubber boot on one end. Probably at the tank to allow for a little bit of flex. Because everything is going to expand and contract with temperature changes plus if the tank moves accidentally it'll snap off a solid pipe.
in front of the tank you could put two seat facing to the side, then between them you have on racks, shovels ect ect
You should really get different types of fire extinguishers and put them on the truck. For extinguishing other types of fires!
Check out quarry equipment supply places for a roof monitor, they use them on their water trucks
Just put your other tank on a pedestal, gravity fill. Might actually be faster than swapping houses.
post10 is the person you need for unclogging the drain
#ItsJustGotAReallyBigSuspension  Matt August 2021
God Matt, your girls both look so much like Mere, it's crazy.
the way americans build is pathetic ..little tain floods your house wtf
You need to have some kind of a flex pipe running from the tank to the engine. Or at least a flexible section of pipe. That tank is not attached to the truck bed and even with straps it never will be. It’s going to shift some. If you just run a hard line it will break. As far as the valve you just have to get a ball valve and have someone man it, I have a water truck set up like this for construction sites. Do not try and just run a hard line from the tank to the engine
Master chief needs gold-tinted solar film on the glass.
🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
You are looking for an "unloader valve".  It recirculates water from the output side of the pump into the tank when you shut off the hose spray valve.  You need this to keep the pump from overheating which can quickly cause harm to the pump.  Check with the pump manufacturer for the correct valve. You should also install some sort of pressure relief valve in the top of the tank to prevent the collapse of the tank from a vacuum while running the pump.  This will also prevent over expansion when the tank gets hot in the sun.  You could also just not close the lid tightly. I would install 2 1/2" or 3" PVC coming out of the manifold at the bottom of the tank.  Use a Y joint to split the flow.  Off one side install a valve that can drain the tank (this can also be used to wash and flush eyes).  On the other side of the Y, install a reducer, a barbed hose fitting and run flexible hose to feed the pump. Just some thoughts...  Good Luck
Should put a water cannon between tank and cab !!!
A little random but did I miss an update on the white dog. I watch on my work breaks so I totally could’ve missed it
Wait… did they keep the white dog that was lost?
You said the most evil words in my vocabulary running
I would really consider putting the hole on the bottom and plumbing through the bed.
Hey Matt, check out how a Vac truck works. There are a lot of the same concepts.
If you end up needing more water but not weight, consider getting a water buffalo. Its a water tank trailer that is towed behind the 5 ton
“Never gets cold in Texas.”  I seem to remember a bit of a cold spell in Feb.  lol
I’d put your hose reel between the cab and tank and put you hand tools on the rear. That’s how our rigs are set up.
When you design your manifold, consider also allowing for drawing from a pond or pool. You never know when you'll need a large supply of water.
Linc active wear + demo ranch = addy and annie 2030 shot show models
Put the white tank on a small trailer
Why not just build a house on a hill, then rain wont drain towards your house.
Sorry to say demo but thats 2.5 diameter hose u have.
I thought the cricket was in my house 😂
Can always run both tanks
So Matt is actually Iron man, because Jarvis. It's all coming together now.
Install an outlet port in the lower area of each tank segment to allow all the water to be drained from the tank. Connect all of those outlets together so there is one point for water to flow to the pump.
Hey Matt, @12:35, looks like there are three 3 inch X 3 inch ish spaces between each "loaf". Might be cool to have three 3 inch X 3 inch ish hollow bars bolted across your bed and two L bars bolted front to back on your bed, to keep your tank from moving side to side or forward and backward. This way, it won't block any walking space on your bed. Then you can also use the three hollow bars to put three straps through, to go over the tank and keep it from moving up and down. Hope that makes sense.
Matt, when did you get a roll up door?
Put the tank toward the cab and then get and mount a water cannon on the back end lol. That way you have a hose for precise aim and a cannon to just total drown the flames.
The tank is baffled to keep water from sloshing around when you have  less than a full tank.
Dont hard pipe your fittings will crack and lose seal from the vibrations
You don't need a pop off valve. Just tie a tee in on you pressure side and put a smaller diameter pipe off of the tee to feed back to the tank. Then when the sprayer is used ( larger diameter pipe) the water pressure will automatically go to the path of least resistance which. I'd also suggest using a tank bulkhead on each larger section and connect all of them to the main feed to the pump so you can get all the water out.
You need to puf the Ma Duece on top of ghe fire truck.  You will need it to protect your family from the environmental tree hugger faction when you try to put out a lightening fire.
*That end clip AFTER the outro though...* So Good!
yes manifold and the water cannon that goes up top is easy to get
Did your back surgery help? I’ve had the same problem for like 15 years I’m one year younger than you.
Why not put a water cannon on top?
I'm sure someone else has mentioned it... Get a pulaski
Jiminy Cricket
It takes a big man to admit his hose is too big.
Any updates on Demo Garage Matt?
you just need @Post10 as your neighbor.  He will keep your drains clear.
For the re-circulation when you Are not using the hose, you can put in a T before it reaches the hose and put a non- return valve on it. It should Open at certain pressure ! If you need help with it, i would be happy to draw it for you,! I am a plumber from norway :)
They're actually 6 volt golf cart batteries you can find at o'reily
"So beefy" That's what she said!😂😭😭 I heard that last night from my tinder date when she took a bite of her burrito from Chipotle.
Pneumatic Water Cannon Kit
You can mount a water-cannon, with the 'Deuce co-axial.....
Don’t use PVC.
You definitely need a Ma deuce on your firetruck!!!
Sounds like pto time just seems proper
sink the spare white tank in the ground so the light cant make it green. also you shouldnt use pvc to hard pipe that system use something else pvc probably going to break via vibrations not to mention freezing
To recirculate the pump you need a pump bypass just runs water through a secondary line back into your holding tank. on a pressure washer for example it would be off of the unloader valve to the tank or you could take it down to River City pressure washing in San Antonio and the people there can definitely help you out
Put a spray nozzle in the turret too so u can shoot water from inside the truck!!!!
Probably just a wye pipe with valves that let you choose to pump water to the handline or just have it pump back into the reservoir.
post 10 anyone
Build yourself a French Drain
It never gets cold here its Texas (said the guy who played in the snow last winter........in Texas)
Mini mare😂😂
just have another pump at the house tank
The m2 to start the fire and the hose to put it out... it's just poetry man
I think it would look and function better if you slide the tank all the way back even with the side rails. Then you’ll have more room on the front of the bed to do whatever with and you’ll have better access to get up between the side rails. You can always mount the hose reel underneath like you did with the pump
Definitely need a ma deuce on the fire truck so when the tracers start a fire ur ready the put them out
Matt you are wayyyyy overthinking the difficulty of your plumbing. It’s simple! On your plumbing from tank to pump, you put a Y valve. So you can choose whether you get water from your tank, or any other source. On your plumbing to the hose reel you have another Y valve that runs to the hose reel, and do the tank. By switching that valve you decide if water goes to the hose, or tank. Which serves the purpose of recirculation to keep your pump cool, and for use of re filling the tank! Put your recirculating inlet on the tank away from the pump intake to prevent air getting into the pump.
Sorry Matt I don't know nothing about plumbing,  but I do however like the Idea of a .50 on your fire truck, it's pointless...... and destructive 🤔 scratch that,  if you inadvertently set fire to a car with .50 bullets you could then have the ability to extinguished the blaze with the fire truck thus making it liget.
i have the solution to the valve thing, but how do i send u a diagram?
Bathroom sealant
Make your self a "small watertower" soo you could fill that tank with just gravity.
I'm Applying at crumbs cookies... Type of gravity I'm facing ATM. Peep drank bar and henry pjs?
Couple of thoughts regarding this: battery disconnect (like a drag car has on the trunk) for when not in use, also hard pipe would be okay for going through the deck however the tank isn't going to be static unless you made straps for all three splits, pump definitely not static. Another thought I had: outlets in all 4 sections of the tank, hard piped to a 4-way collector, then to the pump, then you could run from the pump to the reel. Inbetween pump and reel you could insert a Y with essentially a wastegate (at a certain pressure it opens) and run that Y-ed pipe back into the tank or back to the 4-way/outlet pipe. 4-way eliminates water waste from split tank, wastegate return saves your pump, and you can always put a second Y after the wastegate to mount a supersoaker 9001 through the turret port.
I have a 1600 gallon water tank on a dodge 5500 and pull a trailer also. Not sure why that rig couldn’t handle more than 550 gallons.
Not sure your pump can handle it but you should consider a long hose (maybe another reel) to fill with in case you want to pull up to a pond or stream to get water. Or if you're at home, you have your swimming pool if you're really threatened with fire. Put the garden hose into pool and it can run while you're off emptying the truck.
Back flow preventer ,for fire hydrant,
NF definitely makes a workout more intense!
Do a mounted spray gun on the back
Last winter Matt! And I’m originally from the peoples Republic of New York and I know what cold is. last winter was cold!
for the hose, try a place in indiana called reel craft. they make all types and sizes of hose on hose reels.
IFit will fit putting a .50 cal on all your trucks,cars,boats and ATVs.The best reason is because it  rhymes with orange!
NF is my jam! Great workout music!
On the fire truck you wanna put an attachment for a plough so like you had all the snow you can move it
@11:45 The front is for Pew Pews, Matt...lol
I was not expecting to hear I listen to all nf come out of your mouth lol
You don't need an M2 on your fire truck. You need 2!
DEMO Even the black tank will grow algae. PUT A GALLON OF BLEACH IN THE TANK WHEN YOU FILL IT. No algae will grow.
Matt this is not just any ordinary fire truck this is the motherfucking demolition ranch fire truck you're goddamn right you need a Ma deuce on that
You should put a Y on your outlet and put a stationary but with swivel and up and down motion, water canon on the rear of the bed deck so someone can stand up on there and spray from a higher advantage point, and can have full time mobile spraying option!! It’s something ya deft need to do like the water canons that root police in France and other countries use for crowd control etc…..
Maybe make a water tower with your old   Water tank
OF COURSE YOU NEED A MA DUECE ON A FIRE TRUCK. what are you thinking Matt?
When you hook up the hard lines, make sure you've still got flexible couplings at least once per run so nothing cracks
Why don’t you get one generator for the ground tank an hook it up to the ground tank so you just fill it from the top so all you gotta do is just turn on the ground generator on and throw in the hose to the top of tank an fill it that way. Instead of having a mess of pipes. And if I were you I would keep the flex house but roll it up an put it on the truck just incase you might need it.
The tank is built on sections like that because of the water moving (kind of like inside a tanker truck), so when the water is going from the front to the back and vice-versa, there is going to be less of an impact, which could cause the tank to move or lose control of the vehicle. And it is also convenient for the straps as you said.
🤔 interesting, NF is from my hometown.
" Post 10 "  ..................... anybody else think of him straight away ? haha🎈
Use the turret to attach a hose cannon to. That way you can fight fires from the cab
a gallon weighs 8,33 pounds ok? Metric :)
KO2's rock
When you want stability you want center and low
you need a tank with baffles also to keep the water from sloshing around so much because that will also throw a truck off balance
Ok on the subject of filling the tank. A relative of mine got his deuce and a half rigged, inspected, and registered in Texas as a "Reserved City Fire and Rescue Vehicle" (Due to him being an extreme pyro around July 4th and new years). Which allowed him to install a water fill station on his property, which is connected off the fire main of his property. He can fill a 1000 gallon tank now in minutes. The process is straight forward but a little costly. However, he now gets a bit of funding and free training from the state to help keep his "Reserve Station" functional. In case the city itself requires his assistance in large scale fires. Definitely something to consider.
“Flip it over on its side and then shove it in”. I had a girlfriend like that one time
That damn cricket was annoying. Only thing I could hear for awhile.  I’m odd that way
👍👍👍
Hey, you should do a video with Mark Rober to help you plan the water situation for the fire truck. I feel it will bring to both a bunch of viewers!
I used to build pesticide trucks for straying trees. It works the same what. It would be impossible to explain how to do it here. I will say this dont hard pipe it to the pump itself, trust me on that one. Geez idk how to explain how to do it right through a message. It's easy once you know what your doing but explaining not so much. Idk if you see this message and want help let me know and we can figure something out. Either way good luck with it. Oh btw there is a way to set it up so you can use that 1.5 in hose to fill up out of a pond or lake in mins off the same motor then use the 1in hose for spraying. I just got rid of a hose reel with 300 ft of 1in hose. It was electric to.
On the outlet side of the pump can you put a T. So one side goes into the tank and other end goes to the hoes. The when you shut the water off I will recirculate on its one with out a valve. The on the outlet side have a valve for the tank on your truck to a T to the pump and on the other end of the T to a valve for the water you want to quickly pump into the truck tank. Hope that make sense. I wish I could draw a diagram lol
Think you need custom brackets made... Who's that amazing welding guy you know??? 🤔🤔🤔
Graham Spray Equipment!! Dougasville ga.
For the recirculation maybe an automatic water level shutoff float... works kind of like a toilet tank filler... (not a plumber) it wouldn't recirculate, it would just shut off
You need to figure out the operating pressure of your pump, both full pressure with release closed, and maintained pressure while the nozzle is open. Then you know the tolerances for the recirculation pressures. Then it's just a matter of a couple small manifolds, probable 4-5 valves, and you'll be set for rapid fills, and letting your pump run while not spraying.
I'm guessing previous owner used a bread loaf tank since the d-rings in the bed line up with the strap points perfectly..?
yes u need it on the fire truck
Fill the tank and take it to a truckstop to scale it.
I wish I could tell you that you don't need a M2 on the fire truck... but all I can do is not tell mere.
How about a 50 cal. water gun mounted on the back and hooked up to the pump???
yeah weld some square tubing into those slots that way you know itll never come out, unless you want it to, and then you have straps and rafters to pull it straight up and off when its empty and to clean
Suction hose needs a screen on it to keep from sucking trash into the pump when filling the tank from a pond.
Isn't Mere a civil engineer?  She should be able to handle this and take it off your hands?
Hard piping the tank in is a bad idea! The frame flex offroad will rip that out and your DONE. FLEX REQUIRED Set it up for foam, and the water will go much farther.
Move the tank back over the rear axle. Set up 2 hose reels in the front of the tank to allow for fires to be fought from both sides at one time. Plus that way you can run a hard line from the pump straight up to the hoses rather than running all the way to the back. You could put a valve in there as well to allow either side to have water or both. Just my thoughts, hope it helps.
Please kill that damn cricket it’s so annoying to watch video
put it over the back axles and use either the lateral bars at the back with rachit straps strap it 3 times once each between those gaps to the lower bars or you have to open 6 holes on the bed of the truck and get that guy that welded the 5ton up brandon i think his name was can't remember sorry but yeah either way you do it with that tank it will be very strong more than enough to hold a full tank ail in place going 50 to the demorange and conquer down that dirt track it got stuck before. goodluck matt
The reason for 9:45 is so that when the tank is 1/2 full or 3/4 full or what ever, is so when you stop you wound have the 20,000 lbs of water pushing you forward, probably
What about putting the white tank up higher than the truck. Then the white tank could empty into the truck tank without a pump (just have a big hose to drain into the big hole on top of your truck tank)
Matt, Check your mention page on demolition ranch FB. I sent you an idea for a fire truck setup.
The water drains down the side of my driveway and has started to erode the dirt down the sides.
Where's the water Cannon turret going to go?
Put the water tank forward - go up a hill and the water sloshes to the back and you go over backwards.. Tank Forward in the bed.
Ma Deuce on a firetruck.  Cuz Murica
Its never cold in Texas. Hmm someone forgot about the ice storm...
Put a solar panel on that fire truck so the batteries don’t go flat
Install a sump with a pump in the flower bed for the few rains that your current improvements can't handle.
Rogue tools makes nice stuff
I would go to ur local fire department with the truck and talk to them they can help u a lot I’m a firefighter in tx but I’m about 4 hrs away from you
Contact Cody (Wranglerstar) ? Smart guy,like you :D Peace
T on the inlet, ball valve to bottom of main tank for the feed and ball valve to QR fitting for filling. T on the outlet, one goes to manifold and other goes to a pop-off into the top of the tank. when you want to fill the tank close the main tank feed, connect the supply tank to the QR fitting. feed from the spare tank and just let it fill through the pop-off.
I JUST LOVE THE CRICKET THAT JUST CHIRPS LIKE THERE IS NO TOMORROW
why not have a trailer with a tank fitted so your not waiting 10minutes OR more
you dont  need a pop off valve you just need a hose from the top back into the  other tank..it will overflow into the other tank..unless youre pressurizing the system
Nothin like waking up to an off the ranch video!
I like that Matt always gets excited for water
Everyone please thumbs up this!!!  MATT...I work for a spray eqyipment company and i build custom spray trucks from scratch. Graham Spray Equipment. We can build your truck!!!! Tank, piping, Valves, HOSE REELS AND HOSE. We build very high quality and tuff systems. Please reply and i can send you all the info
You could put an upper metal deck above the tank and bring the sides up so you can carry more on top (idk how this'd effect the engine though)
Make sure to put a flexible piece of hose or pipe in between every solid mounted point on your hard lines (tank to pump) ( pump to hose reel) that will prevent your hard pipes from cracking due to flex. That rig might not flex much but we all know how Matt drives his trucks 😂
You need French drains like French Drain Man's YouTube channel
Awesome card trick !!!!
PSV = Pressure Safety Valve  Or you could install a min flow bypass line and valve.
Recirculation valve back to tank. That way when you are trying to prime your pump u have a way to "move water" with out dumping in on the ground. You can atleast conserve it.
50/50 you're gonna regret the BFG's on Earl... they typically don't hold up well on Rams with Cummins and end up cupping quickly.
Strap the tank down first the drill up threw the deck into the tank with a hole saw for your bulkhead. Install on bulkhead per "loaf" and connect them together. Everything else is just plumbing.  Just make sure the tanks bulkhead is in the bottom not the sside.
Mount a job box on the back you can put tools shovels chainsaw any thing you wish it will be secure and stay dry and be Mobil also
My idea on plumbing the system.  Hope it makes sense.  I think you would also need some sort of vent on the tank, or open up the main fill port when pumping. Supply:  Tank->flex pipe->ball valve#1->Leg 1 of T1.  External supply->rigid suction hose->Ball valve#2->Leg 2 of T1.  Leg 3 of T1 fitting->rigid pipe->short flex pipe->pump intake. Output:  Pump->flex pipe->leg 1 of T2.  Leg 2 of T2->ball valve#3->flex pipe->tank fill port 1.  Leg 3 of T2->reducer->leg 1 of smaller T.  Leg 2 of small T->pressure relief valve->flexible pipe->tank fill port 2.  Leg 3 of small T->flexible hose->hose reel. The supply side is easy, output side can get hairy.  All of the supply side parts should be the same size as the pump intake (2.5" or whatever it is).  The first part of the output side should be the same size as the pump outlet. Fighting a fire using onboard tank: Close valve #2 & #3, open valve #1.  Using a pond or other source close valve #1 and open #2. Refilling the tank using the pump: Close #1, open valves #2 & #3
Peanut butter uktra cut. Sealant cut showerhead cut. Chain mail. Im returning msm?
who builds  a house that  floods
Gosh your so rich you have your own Jarvis.  Hey Matt you think you'll inspire the next version of Tony Stark?
Put that white tank on a stand and gravity feed the tank in a jiffy. Save the pump for drafting from the pool.
Recirculation on point. Hard pipping from tank to pump not a good idea without a flex joint. If that tank shifts just a tiny bit, the hard pipe will break and all of the water will come pouring out.
You could put a Y coming out of the pump with a big ball valve and have one go to the hose and the other feed back to the top of the tank so you could keep the pump running and not over pressurize the lines
Cant use your code for those Raycons here in Germany... have to stick to Apple Ear Buds then
Thanks for watching magic ranch
Matt you said something about drilling a hole into the bed, why not drill a hole under the tank and into the tank that goes straight down into the pump? So that it's always gravity fed and ready to go? It would make it easier for water to come out. For the recirculating water system, you could throw a 3 way valve on the pump and send water through the one end to go back into the tank so you can run the pump and not burn it out.
Introduce her to Chris Ramsay channel
Raycons are cool if you like extra bass as they have a kinda heavy lower eq as standard so they're good for a variety of electronic music, however podcasts (which usually have a bass heavy voice eq) sound too heavy and higher pitched music like classical guitar sounds a bit muted and tinny - just so people know
You should really consider a pump and a PTO system so the pump will run off the truck so you dont get caught with your gas pump not starting when there is a fire. Just flip a switch pump starts spinning off the truck engine
Remember you need to vent that tank.  Your water drainage system is awesome.
No, just open the valves before turning on the pump. Turn off the pump before closing the valves. I used to deliver water with a 2500 gallon tank. Thats what you do. To fill the tank we used city meters that we plugged into hydrants.  We have hard pipe to fill as well. You loosen the top to allow air pressure to escape.. you know its almost full when the lid starts rattling around.  If you use food grade hoses and keep that tank clean with good well water or city water you can fill people's well tanks for them.
That valve that you are talking about is an unloading valve. It's what pressure washers use. Also the vibration of the pump can crack the pipe if you hard pipe it.
For recirculation just tap into the output line going to the hose reel and run a small line from it back to the tank with a valve.  When the nozzle is off, open that valve. The pump will be flowing water to stay cool just like a fire truck.
tank over the back axel metal fab a water turret in the middle!
Matt!! Remember last winter when you were in Florida don't say things like that too loud
I would imagine you need a one way valve that diverts off your feed pipe of the pump or wherever the pressure builds and have that pump back to the top of your tank
Matt.... :) ! Your ground water tank needs to be raised, as in like a water tower. Use the household pressure to supply your water tower, then park next to the water tower and feed the truck with gravity(2mins to fill over 10mins). Then when you go carry on fighting the fire, your house can automatically fill up the water tower ready for your next load. So simple and quick fill ups that dont involve messing with the truck set up.
Put the second tank on a trailer.
Gig em
"It's texas, it's never cold here." It wasn't that long ago ya'll froze over unless i'm going crazy...
Plumb pipe from tank to pump....one pipe.... Pipe exits pump in two directions with two ball valves....one for hose and one that feeds back into tank...
If you hard pipe you need to have 1 if not more of the connections be flexible rubber or you will just Crack pvc all the time
Get a couple of indian tanks.  Put a manifold on the water distribution.  Then you could have a deck gun for washing the fire single handed.  I am surprised you dont have any belly tanks on the sides of the frames
Fire retardant suit(not for racing/burnouts)
Matt, the solution is pretty easy - shoot all of the leaves.
Matt should fire hydrant on back of the cab
From a firefighter, you need a manifold with valves. 1 valve that goes to the hose reel, 1 valve as a separate tank fill/recirculation.
“It’s never cold here” lol Texas literally froze over last February.
21 minutes of listening to that damn cricket LOL
If you’re going to cut a hole in your bed anyways, why not plumb into the bottom of the tank?
While I know you’re concerned about weight, if your bed capacity is 5000lbs and you have 5500 or even 5700 in the bed, you’ll be fine
Hey Matt army vet here 91B wheeled mechanic just a FYI that lmtv can handle a bigger water tank no problem if you need.
Check out the site for https://www.kippertool.com/ for firefight tool kits and other tool kits
Matt, if you wanted to make it easy for yourself switching over from pumping to hose to pumping to tank, you could use a toggle switch with multiple 24v solenoid valves to switch over
The reason the tank is shaped like that with baffles is to stop the water sloshing around
Poo nair hoe nair
Why not a water cannon in the weapon port? Hmm???
Earl would look good with a set of cooper tires.
A Ma Deuce is not very good for fighting fire. But a water cannon (monitor) quite the opposite.
You could be doing water reclamation from those drains and gutters. You could put a cistern in the ground that they fed into. Then you have water for your garden etc… it never gets cold in Texas, famous last words, apparently you forgot this last winter? Short attention span?
matt the only problem with the blaack tank is the water gonna heat up in there
If the white tank is elevated it will fill your truck faster, it’s much less strain on the pump, imaging the difference between walking water buckets across a floor compared to carrying them up 6 steps.  It will probably also means it will fill slower, but you’ll want speed when filling the truck.  I’ve pumped millions of gallons of waste water to various sprinklers, and I have lots of experience with this.  And btw, I can’t imagine the recirculating idea, you’d need to have a split intake on the pump, I suppose, but I haven’t heard of that.  Ask anything.
I’m so pumped you also listen to NF
Fly me down and let me work!  You will have the truck done the way you want…. and I can get the Suburban done for you also.
Matt, you should have at least a couple of Pulaski axes, a McCleod tool or two, a couple of "fire swatters" and a couple of "Fedco" hand-pump water bags to outfit your truck. While the tank and hose will do great, a lot of small fire can be extinguished with hand tools.
You do get 1/2 relief valve that's threaded on both ends and you get them in a wide rage of pressure from 1 Barr to 6
Matt... Contact Your local department, find out how their trucks are set up, and set your truck like theirs. That will do two things for you... One, you know it's going to work and work well, AND if a fire does start and you need help, you're able to get interconnected to their trucks and assist them or vice versa.
Post10 Would be proud Matt!
You can have a spring valve recommended for a certain pressure which is higher than the pressure in the hand nozzle but not enough to burn the pump so that the water may recirculate
Me already listening to this video on my raycons:
I would stick to the K.I.S.S.rule. Just saying. Stay with something flexible.
I was a volunteer fire fighter for twelve years.   Our grass trucks had a recirculating line plumbed in and could fill the tank out of a stream or pond with the pump.   Talk to your local fire department and take a look at their trucks.
is Jarvis The Demo ranch camera man ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?🤔🤔
My mind is running a million miles an hour thinking about so many ways to make not only more efficient but better at fighting fires
ok Matt how about you go down to the local FD and ask the engineers how to setup your Engine??? Since those guys deal with this water pumping stuff all the time i think they can assist you and get some free Youtube air time.
What happened to the stray dog??
Yea pump panel, deck gun, hose reel, and different hose nozzles. Got ya fog pattern or straight bore. And yea you may want to go take a look at a brush truck and firetruck at your local dept. Most of the time some of the things on an engine will be slightly incorporated on a brush truck. But you do need an ax. That's a high essential on any emergency truck. Hell contact a firetruck manufacturer and see what they may do to pipe out the rig.
NF is one of my favorite christian rappers
How many hp is that pump?
Heard y'all had the virus. You guys feelin better?
Rubber hand on a stick
Matt:it doesn’t get cold here it’s Texas   Me:do you not remember last winter lol
Put a water canon up top.
Maaaaaan I thought this would be a bronco update
You should buy a diesel fired pump off my buddy Colt, he also has a LMTV. Check out his channel @CallmeColt
I thought the loafs were their for surge of the water. helps the water not slosh to the front and back as aggressively might help a little.
Put the hose reel between the cab and the tank, set up so you can un-reel it from either side of the truck.
I know you and Wranglerstar had "beef" but he did a series on building a fire skid that would translate to this.
Raining in Minnesota too the day this was uploaded.
Bypass valve
We have the same problem with flooding... Our house is almost on top of the highest hill in the area... Problem is, the actual top of the hill is in our front yard, so anytime it rains it all flows down to the front porch. It's never made it inside - It'd have to be 2 ft deep - but it's ruining our foundation.
Whatever happened to the underground bunker you built
Matt plans for his power in the truck like Texas plans for the their power grid. IT NEVER GETS COLD.
Your inch and a half hose would be good for your fill connection from the old tank to the pump, bigger hose equals faster fill time especially with the pump
Need to tee off of the hard line going to the hose reel. You will have water feeding into the tee from the pump, water feeding back into the tank off one side of the tee with a valve for control and water feeding to your hose reel with a valve for control. The valve from the tee controlling flow from the pump to the tank will be your “pump to tank” recirculation valve. You’ll want to crack that and have a small amount of pressure bleeding into the tank so when you have your nozzle closed water is still flowing through the pump. It will just flow back into the tank and back to the pump keeping the pump cooler. If it’s sitting for a long period running you will eventually heat that water through the pump or if that black tank has been in the sun for a long period. You’ll also just be circulating hot water. Neither is good for the pump. But that should get you started in the right direction.
In about 10million years you will have the grand canyon in your garden
I sent this to our deputy chief of our volunteer Fire Company he is all about pumps and water supply he should be able to give you some ideas of how to do the things you want to do with your fire truck
you should look into a water canon for the truck too
For the refilling part, consider a second pump. You would then also have back up pump.
2" 110V AC Electric Brass Solenoid Valve or 2" 12V DC Electric Brass Solenoid Valve
NEVER know when you might need the M2 on the firetruck.
Don’t hard pipe or you’ll break it fist time you move.   Two valves. One on exhaust side of pump, change from either going to the nozzle or to a hose leading back to the tank. One on the inlet side to choose between pulling water from onboard tank or from external refill tank. If you want to you could then effectively recirculate the tank water while not using it through nozzle to keep pump from burning up.
That magic trick though🤯😁
I'm glad someone else has annoying water problems.  My house was built on a former swamp, which the realtor failed to mention.  The sump pumps go year round.  I feel your pain, brother! 😡
Matt i love your videos
About the M2 on the truck... it's a "FIREtruck" you need "something" to fire from it! DOHHH 😂
Next time you need new batteries for your big trucks...pick them up at love's in comfort texas...their heavy-duty and made for 12 and 24 volt and will work for your trucks
Putt your filltank on a platform and gravity fill (simpler is better).
If you have the pump fill the tank from underneath you will need to release the air pressure.
Matt, I think you need to do a collaboration with YouTuber AvE. He can totally hook you up. It's what he use to do for a living. This kind of engineering thing.
Matt: “It’s never cold in Texas.”  Mother Nature (6 months ago): “Texas needs snow and freezing pipes and power outages”
Ooooo, shovels and rakes an implements of destruction. Very nice.
I Bet the "compartments" act like baffles so try to stop the water from moving around too much during braking
YES MATT!!! YOU CAN USE A PRESSURE RELIEF TO TANK. YOU ONLY NEED A 1.5 OR 2 INCH PIPE RUNNING BACK TO TANK.
Build a frame under it so you could have your hose reel under it as well as extra hose that way you can also put bungs under each " loaf and go into a manifold so talk could be drained completely
"It's never cold here, it's Texas..." How soon we forget. ;)
I think hard piping the tank is a bad idea. There's gonna be some movement, gonna break the lines.
Matt: “It never gets cold here”.  2020..2021:Texas has historic winter storm.
Consider installing a French drain in the flowerbeds for any overflow especially when the other drain gets blocked with leaves
Matt, u should use a membran pump for the spaying hose. those will stop at a certain pressure, depends on the pump, and won´t overheat. And than u could take your other pump for filling the tank
Go to your local fire department.  I am a firefighter and what you are wanting to do is very common and very simple.  They can help you get the proper sized piping and show you what it should look like when it is done.  Plus they have already went through the trial and error phases of building a fire truck.
Earl sure could use some good ol steel rims. fancy rims on a work truck is like wearing your best sneakers to the oil field.
Put in 4 outlets joined together feeding the pump. Put a Water Cannon in the Port in the cab.
You still need a piss pack for that truck.
It's a fire truck it can handle it 😂🤦‍♂️
Suggestion: Build your manifold. Put two ports in the bottom of the tank through holes in the deck instead of coming out the side. One port in the front (toward the right side) segment and one toward the left in the back segment. Then if the truck is on a hill or tilted to one side, you can set your manifold to draw from the lowest port at any given time and recirculate the idle over-pressure bypass (and re-fill) to the port that's higher at the moment. This will maximize your available water supply and solves the recirculation problem at the same time. It will also mean you don't have a Schedule-80 90° elbow on the side of the tank to trip over and possibly damage.
Are we just going to brush by the fact that you have new doors on the barn?
Youtuber "Post 10" has much better cogged drain videos.
Need room for water cannon
Our brush trucks on the Fire Dept have a recirculation setup so if we aren't actively fighting fire we can recirc with just a throw of a lever.
Matt over here about to get black balled from the magicians alliance
Y’all should come to Oregon one year and run the “Hood To Coast”. It’s a big marathon that people come to from all over the country to run in.
Mount a water cannon
Put the white tank on a platform that can be driven under and gravity will refill the tank much faster.
Yo just go talk to your local fire department
Ma Deuce might be wasted on a Fire Truck, BUT a remote controlled nozzle would be sick!
He already forgot February 2021, didn't he?
Simple stick on 2 Y splitters, one on either end of the pump. To regulate the flow of water. One splitter goes to a cap wher eyou hook up the filling hose, the other end comes from the tank. The 2nd Y splitter goes to the hose, but also to the tank for filling. And stick a 8" flexible hose between the hardline and pump to catch vibrations.
A series of 3-way valves would allow you to do all of that.  One configuration for spraying, flip a valve or two to another configuration for filling, and a third configuration for venting dead head into the tank. Although you'll have to be careful not to have valves switched in such a way that would cavitate your pump
Smallest drains I've ever seen
weld 6 D rings to floor at each space on tank so straps aren't going to the sides so you wont have step over them.
What a boring video.
Put the maadu's on the roof of the fire truck and you'll be able to start fires and put them out with the same vehicle lmao
Hey for the new house contact aqua scape have them put in a rec   pound it may be cheaper then the pool
But what if you need to return fire in the fire truck 🤷
U should make something for the fire truck called FireRanch
How about a Cuda update soon??!!!
Why all the extra equipment. Why can't you make a Y section right before the pump. Attach the hose from the white tank to the other side and then use the fire hose to refill the tank.
You need a recirculation loop from the pump discharge back to the suction line or tank. This require a valve that regulates the pressure in the discharge line to the tank or suction line.
It will fill up to the less than a quarter then spill over on all of them then it would fill the rest of it also u r supposed to put straps on those slits
you need axes for clearing brush or digging a fast fire break.
I would say have two identical pumps, one for in, one for out. That way, at least if a pump stops working, you have a backup to swap it out. Plus i think it's generally a bad idea to restrict the ability to fill up while pumping out at the same time.
The old sprayer called Rotomist  (1970's era) use to have a water bypass regulator that will work for that Google search can find similar parts. I know it will work because I made a portable flower watering trailer with the same kind of pump you have and it never over heated the ceramic seal
The grooves/baffles are good, they'll help prevent the sloshing of the water which can cause you to flip. Most big liquid semi trailers have baffles as well as fire trucks.
2 Fire axes. 2 Fire (brush) rake. 2 Fire Pike pole. 2 Brush Fire jumpsuits. 500 gallons water. 1 Red hose reel. = One EXCELLENT brush truck!!!! *I was a volunteer firefighter for 17 years.
It's funny how the cricket is making fun of Matt
Some very lame video's of late Matt. Step it up a bit buddy.
They do make pressure check valves that you can get. We use them a lot in hydraulic systems.
You should definitely get a water cannon as well
Long time flatbed trucker here. To get the loading right, you should have about 25% of the tank behind the centerline of the rear axle. Your hosereel should go in FRONT of the tank, or under the bed on the driver's side opposite the pump.  For the manifold, all you need is two 3-way valves. On the intake side of the pump, one leg should come from the tank to the valve. The other leg should come from a cam-lock fitting, so you can switch from pumping from the tank, or pumping from a hose. On the output side, same thing, one leg TO the tank, one leg to the hosereel. Another 3-way at teh hosereel would be good, so you can switch from using the hosereel for close work, to using a longer flat hose when you need to move further away. I could rig this all up in a day or two using pvc, since you're not using much pressure...
why not park the truc behind the HQ and let the water off the roof fill the truck ..or be able to pump the water out of the tank there into the truck...that would also be faster than driving up to the house to fill...
Matt you should go to your local fire station and ask if you can see the equipment they carry in their grass truck. There a couple tools I think you would like to put on yours for small fires
Build a platform over the tank with a hatch opening over the fill hole. Then u have full use of the bed.
As someone from Seattle, those drains are hardly big enough for a shower. Need much bigger for rain
Take the white tank and spray paint it flat black with multiple coats. Then it won't have anything grow in it. It would be the same as that black tank.
Matt and his water projects are always fun to watch!
You should get like a mounted watergun like a mounted Hmg nest.
Most Anyone else on “YouTube watch me put a water tank in a truck”  Me: mehhh… Demo “check out this new water tank for my fire truck”  Me: absolutely here for it!
I use Raycons when I cut my South Mississippi Grass.  I love how my Raycons sound even over my 20yr old mower.  And I ❤ Radio Gen X.
Y did u keep showing other stuff then u fixing the fire turck
sharpen your knife, you will hurt yourself
Thumbs up for the bonus magic trick!👍
If only you had a house on top of a hill....like a big house you could fix up and move into.. and solve all your flooding issues
Leave room for crew or evacuees.It is easier to fight brushfires with a little vantage. Looks slot like some Greek firetrucks.
Matt clearly has trust issues with the fire department 😆😆😆
Make a platform so you can walk over the tank.
Might need post 10 to help with your drains
Build a metal cage around it set it in from the top
The pipe that goes from pump to hose reel put a tee in it. Pipe from pump to run of tee. Pipe other side run to hose reel. Pipe branch of tee to top of tank somewhere. As pump runs it will send water to hose reel and top of tank. When you stop spraying hose it should keep pumping water to the top of your tank basically just circulating the water  in and out of tank. This should keep your pump going fine.
Matt: hears cricket Demo matt: do i start the demo ranch video now? Also, when did I miss the LMTV video...
It’s Texas it doesn’t get cold here.......how Matt’s memory has already forgotten this past winter
Matt , How is Jaqui doing? I miss Mark
Remote control water cannon is what you need to put in the gunners nest.
Measure twice and order once. Also, don't forget the weight of the tank as part of your computation.
Just weld some angle iron around that water tank and use metal straps
You need a man basket on on back corner so a rider can stand in it and run the hose without needing to hang on to the truck while someone else is driving.
You could put the fittings on your tank at Demolition Ranch so you don't have an extra tank sitting around. Then you could use the pump to pull water faster than a hose.
You are probably gona put some nozzle on the watertank do you should turn it 180 degrees because you will need to put something on the inside to attach the nozzle. This can only be  done on the side of the top hatch.
I have a power wash company and have a huge power washer. On my pump there’s a fitting you put a 5/8 hose running back into the tank so you do not burn up the pump while it’s running and not being used. Should have a secondary fitting on that unit you have
I'm with you on NF good music Matt good music
If your already gonna have the pump setup to fill the tank also, you should just be able to flip that valve when youre not spraying.  You'll just have to remain conscious when you shut your nozzle off and go flip the valve
Go to your local fire house.
check the manifold systems for above ground pools. the valve has settings for bypassing, recirculating, flushing etc
Why not just have another pump at your refill station?
Idk about the fire truck but that 50 would be better on the 5 ton… just sayin
Yes
Do you still have ther knife business? I think it was called Skif Knives or something
my english isnt so good but you can use a Y pipe or a T pipe on both side the pump
Pressure relief valve, some times called an unloader valve! It's actually pretty simple to do.
Just put your drain at the lowest point of the inlet pipe going to the pump so that way it drains the tank, pump, and all the lines if need be.
I am concerned with the design of that “loaf tank”… without a flow line moving water from the bottom of each of those sections to your draw line section, you are losing access to several gallons of water below the divider between each section.  Altogether, that might be 20 to 40 gallons of water… a significant waste when you are fighting fire.
Idk if you’ll want to do pvc pipe. It might break when off roading and the suspension flexing.
Don’t forget a breather on your tank so you don’t cave it in
make a y connection after the discharge of the pump. one outlet normal size the other very small (like 3/4 inch).  the 3/4 inch can be plumbed with rubber hose to the top of the tank.  most of the water will go through the normal discharge and it will keep your pump safe. Very simple and easy to do solution that would work. maybe even 1/2 inch?  I know HUGE pumps use this method and the recirc lines are very small. maybe this pump is too small and it would make a difference though...
Water cannon on the firetruck! :D
I work at a chemical plant and we use a “kickback” on every pump we have… just a smaller line returning to the feeding vessel. So when the pump valve is closed it will circulate over itself, making the pump not overheat…hope it helps and goodluck!
Geez Annie changed a lot since I last saw her, didn't see her on the vlogs in a long while and now she looks way taller and with a like... skinnier face... if that makes sense?
You need an axe, a pick, a billhook, a Haligan tool, and a chainsaw.
Get a hold of QTAC
When I was involved in Ag Aviation, the chemical pumping system for loading the airplanes had a hardline switching valve that would either send water/chemical mix to a hose to the plane, or, at the turning of a lever, send the flow into recirculating into the tank while shutting off the hose. Couldn't tell you what it's called though, sorry.
Get Banjo fittings will make your life so easy.
You need a Re circulation line back into the tank
would tree drains help?
What you should do is put a small battery charging solar panel on the roof of the fire truck
Call Stephen Cox up. He has worked on fire trucks. He hasnt been on YT much lately due to personal stuff, but I'm he'd help.
Re-circulating Valve they make them
Its sectioned like that so the water cant slosh back and forth around the whole thing, it still will a bit but you wont feel it as much
Wish I was there. I used to design them.
Love this channel😃
"Never cold in texas" he sais lol
A fake Ma duece on roof that sprays water
You absolutely need a water turret on that bad boy.  Then get a gunners cab for the other truck
Every fire truck I have ever seen has the flat hoses in different sizes so that would be the way to go in my opinion Matt. Use the hard hoses for filling the tank and the flat for fires.
You need to dig out 3 feet from the perimeter of the house and 3 feet down and then fill with concrete up to 2.5 feet then cover with dirt
Master plumber checking in
Hotzi in Dallas sells the recirculating valve you need for a pressure washer type set up..
You can get extra batteries in Afghanistan for free.
Ma Deuce on the Fire Truck!!! If you don’t comment this, do you even sub bro? 😂
Keep the clear tank at demo ranch and have it filled by the rain water
Matt: that’s a lot harder than i thought it was gonna be also Matt: that’s what she said……  me: literally saying the words while the subtitles pop up😅
Matt, i work with pumps for a living. If you want the option for that pump to go to the hose reel or back into tank you should look at a 3-way diverting valve. Turn the valve one way and its the hose reel. Turn it the other way and it goes to the tank.
Wearing a Cummins shirt while driving a Ford Dually🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂
Get cb welding on that project
Wildland fire fighting tools-     - Pulaski     - hoe     - mcleod     - shovel  Need more info about it, you are more than welcome to ask me, I am a wildland firefighter.
he should have just bought a pump truck....lol
Matt, you are married to an engineer ... ask Mer to design your system.
Put a wedge under one end. So it drains towards the fitting you put on it.
I WANT THE OLD TANK....PLZZZZZ
There are circulation pumps we use to get hot water to fixtures faster, you just need a return line
What you need is a Pressure Relief Valves (PRV) for recirculate the water to the tank when you’re not spraying
Hey Matt, i agree with other comments about not hard piping to actual pump. You need some wiggle room for vibration of the pump. If you use pvc it will break. As for your pressure relief valve, they do make them, but do yourself  big favor and plan for that pressure relief valve possible failure and pipe in a bypass line around it. Its simple, put in a valve before the relief and a valve on the bypass line around it so your prepared for either a failed open or failed closed situation. Not to mention, you could use that bypass to help fill the tank. Good luck.
Items to carry....you should have shovels and pickaxes...but also chain saws so you can cut a firebreak....lastly you should have like 3 or 4 of those big chemical fire extinguishers so you can handle electrical fires from the solar, chemical fires from all the cars you/trucks you have out there...please do not use water on an oil fire....
Hey Matt. The reason why those dips in the water tank are for, is a baffle to help with the water to stop the hard slushing back and forth, side to side is to help you not flip over. I’m assuming you shouldn’t run it completely dry unless you’re cleaning the tank. Also hard on your pump running dry.
possible to make a bed above the tank? probably impractical being too tall, but could still haul logs or lumber maybe why not pipe directly from below the tank if you are making a hole? maintenance? for refilling the tank maybe build a mini water tower with the old tank, fill it up with gravity like trains of old. i believe that would be quite fast
Go to a construction site and check out how there water truck is plumbed
Do they not make larger drains?
As someone with RLS that cricket was making me nuts I thought I needed to grease my chair.
Get in touch with Graco. They are experts in pumps.
Matt pauses ... .'There's a cricket in here ..."  Matt thinking ... should I get the Barrett ? ... nah  '
needs a water cannon.
Never cold 🥶 in Texas…February 2021 “am I a joke to you”
Those drains are tiny and shit, you need larger grates (grids as they're actually called)
My european brain just had a stroke while listening to all the unnecessary complicated imperial gallon, pound,... conversion :D
Dr. Matt, I sent an email to Bunker Support to your attention. Please read it and respond. Thank You, James White. I have truelly lost count of how many of your videos I have watched and enjoyed.
Jarvis MVP, take it easy on that back matt
"it's all NF for me" Are you ok Matt?? XD
Going to loose quite a few gallons to those cuts..
on a hot day that water is gonna come out of that nozzle as steam
Couple of Pulaski's... Axe on one side,  flat pick on the other, very much at home on a firetruck. Used for trenching and clearing brush.
You could put your white tank on a trailer and have it ready to go. I spent 8 years fighting brush fires and you will be surprised how fast 500 gallons goes. Good luck brother.
You need q bypass spring system on pump before hose. You can make one yourself
Definitely need seriously packed first aid kit for the unprofessional firefighters that may be injured on site.  🚑🚒🩺⛑
Ew man feet. I mean Matt feet. Lol
you need to have a tanker that delivers water so that the "engine/pumper" can keep working and putting water on the fire and not lose progress when you have to return back to your water source.
High pressure re-circ may not be needed. Run a test to see how long it takes to heat up the pump. Water pumps have no problem with temps of 150f or so. You may find pausing for quite a long time does no harm. Longer pauses, shut the pump off.
What happened to the white dog?
You need Post 10 to come out to clean your drains.
Make sure you don’t hard line the entire tank to pump line. The vibration from the pump and the slight side to side from the tank with crack the line or a fitting. Put some type of flex in the system
Watercanon on the firetruck????
take your fire truck to local foresty fire fighting (in calif we call them CDF) and ask them to show you around there tools... and they would give you advise on what to get to finish your truck out with.. :)
Matt- it’s never cold here Me- remembers last year
Give Post10 a call, he'll unclog those in no time!
I would email you a schematic for the plumbing but not sure you have an email for that
The tank is partitioned to prevent sloshing liquid! Just imagine stopping quick at a red light all that liquid in the back sloshing without the partitions can cause whiplash or even cause you to rear end the little granny driving in front of you
You need axes, shovels, and rakes to create a fire break line to prevent further spreading of wildfire. Also, a simple y split after the pump that continuously flows back into the tank as you spray or idle.
I love that you listen to NF.
Great placement on the tank, Matt. That is ideally the best place for it. I've been a firefighter for over 12 years and have fought fire on many different engines and even built my own fire engine a few years back.  As for the recirculating valve, the only pressure reducing valves that I have seen are to prevent a spike in pressure on the lines, say when the fire hydrant opens. What you do see, however, is a normal valve that just recirculates water back into the tank that way, like you said, water is always moving.  As for the hard pipe to and from the tank, it's a decent idea but I would recommend having some type of flexible, and easily disconnectable, line between the hard pipe on the truck and the pump itself. Because when, not if, the pump fails you can easily remove the pump. Also, with all the vibration of the pump and the uneven terrain you will be driving on you need some sort of flex in the lines. That flexible pipe will allow it to move freely. As for the rest of the plumbing details (recirculating valve, manifold, hose reels, etc) it's something that is difficult to explain in just words. I am more than happy to draw up a diagram and email it to you. Let me know if you are interested! Love you videos and always look forward to seeing what you are up to!
Let's goo NF all the way haha
The system you are talking about is not complicated
Can’t be much different to the operation of a hydraulic pump , speak to yer fire department I’d imagine an electric 3 way valve so you can switch inputs , pump, fill, and return, use one yer inputs as a return so it’ll recirculate water n keep pump cool
Matt " It does not get cold here it is Texas" Hmm you sure of that Matt??
I can help if you wanted I have designed and use spray rigs with a municipality years ago with all the similar Plumbing that you need right now other ways to quickly refill your tank and there are other methods to fill your tank with in 5 minutes
If it was me I would put it in the front more hypothetically you hit the breaks hard it will break straps and slide forward and hit the headache rack and you will feel it talking from experiance.
I wouldn’t waste your time trying to use the gas pump to refill. I would just buy a high volume electric well pump to refill. A large one could fill in less than 5 minutes.
Matt should use the old tank to collect rain water, but mount it higher than the new tank is, with a large diameter hose so he can pull up to the old tank, and let gravity refill the tank on the truck. Large diameter would allow a fast flow so he could get back to fighting a fire quickly. I also feel like I should say I have zero experience  or qualifications that makes my opinion more valid than anyone elses
You need fire support on your fire truck so yes 100% you need a M2 mount that can double as a water monitor mount....that way it is practical and tactical!!
I really like your tank on that the fire truck
Due to the "bread loaf" style, wouldn't you have to install 4 drains? One on each "loaf" section of the tank? (Unless of course you're not concerned about the remaining water, as it wouldn't be much).
If you want to use the other tank as a refill station you should have its own pump much easier and faster
Nice shoes, what brand are those
Annie is Mini-Mere
BFG KO2 great light truck tire. Not so good for a diesel that does heavy hauling.  To soft a compound  so premature wear will occur.  But when you're loaded i guess that doesn't really matter.
"its never cold here its texas" so we just going to forget that freeze that happened? lol
Next project.......... a boat!
MATT, don’t put the exit to the tank on the side, drill a hole in the top and run a hard pipe down 1” from the bottom. You risk having the side exit leak and drain the whole tank.   Remember, fuel tanks in your car don’t pickup from the side, it picks up out the top.
How about a water cannon in the front of the tank?
Check out your local crop duster. Most have many portable units that are set up ike your looking for.
Benches.  As someone who used to fight forest fires in the Pacific NW - people are even better then water because people can shovel dirt (the other fire extinguisher) and chop brush (water tanks, not so much).  Not racing seats, just benches with lots of handholds - be able to carry at least a dozen people.  Why dozen? a fire crew is between 8 and 10 people - plus a boss.... they will thank you for not having to hoof it to the fire.  Optimally, you'd have enough equipment and space for a dozen.  I wear an XL - because you will wonder how to thank me.
They make some spring loaded valves for pools and spas.  So all the pressure goes through the hose, but when you close the hose valve, it'll push out a T, to the recirculation tube.  But you gotta find a valve with the right spring tension.
Flashbacks to Feb2021 intensifies remember when it actually got cold in Texas.
That cricket was going hard for his 15 min of fame lol
Does the LMTV have a PTO Setup? Get yourself a PTO water pump.
Just start the pump with water in it and see how long it takes to heat up. that circulation valve might be unnecesary.
Pressure relief valves are common on boilers, air tanks, etc...
Put a water launcher on the top.
Only 5k weight limit? That's about the same as my F450.
hey matt lookup pervious concrete or water asorbing driveway, it could work
Need to put a hose reel on the back as well as one on the side for the rare instances when one may be blocked!
Check out some house pressure washing videos. Some of those guys have set ups like that
Truck is made to flex going over uneven terrain hard pipe PVC will Crack and leak.
Why didn’t you just buy a second hand fire truck 🚒 everything is done for you
Look at a skid unit
Demo Ranch Needs a water canon! Please!
You gotta put the m2 on
Not a big drama  With all that plumbing, give some thought to a front spray bar
uhhhh.... You need to regrade the beds next to your house.........
If you put the fill near the top you won't be fighting back pressure...
Every fire truck needs an axe matt. You can't have a under prepared fire truck!
The only way to truly beat the rainwater is to dig a trench in front of your house, lay down a drain pipe with end to end drain plates on top, top it with rocks and then pea gravel. You can then top with your dirt and decorative garden rocks. It has to drain out to the lowest point of your property. Water runs by gravity and your house looks like a low point, after the driveway. Good luck.
As somone who started LOT of range fires in the army, and subsequently had to put them out, you should get some fire flappers/swatters. They were the number one tool we used to put them out. We used them more than fire extinguishers.
Jesus is coming! Time to give your life to the only true KING! Repent for the kingdom is at hand
Come off of your pressure side of your pump and have a valved line going to your hose reel with a t in the line going back into the tank with a separate valve
How often do you sharpen your daily carry pocket knife everybody?
You might have to tear up the area a little more and use "drain tile" or a french drain. They work great if properly installed. Good luck, & thanks for the video, Matt. 😊🤘🇺🇸😜
Get oberst!
Back pressure control valve piped to the tank from the discharge of the pump. Usually to the top of the tank.
Maybe you should have got a parts off an old fire truck and put on it
Regarding the new tank... You're definitely going to want multiple drain locations, otherwise the effective capacity will be reduced.
Get a water cannon on the back of that mo
Never cold in Texas  .... did forget last winter already .... :)
You need a short section of soft pipe between the tank and pump or the vibrations from the pump will cause fittings to leak or crack the pipe over time. Also if the pump shifts or tanks shifts while moving you will stress crack the pipe.
Need a swivel nozzle mounted on the front of the truck, that can be controlled from the inside. As well.
8:39 Matt i see you’re struggling cutting that wrapping maybe you should idk consider putting at least one god damn serrated teeth knife in the skif catalog
GO DEMO AND GET A WATER CANNON !!!!
Hey it looks like demo ranch HQ needs a swimming pool then you can just use it as a tender for your fire truck
Minimum flow pump recirculation can be done with a simple back pressure regulator, or you can use a small orifice plate that always results in a small recirculation. The regulator would be easiest, and adjustable so you can dial it in, but you'll want a y-strainer before it to prevent it from clogging if your water isn't from a hose.
The driveway isn't very old and it'already cracking.  ,,!
make the hole under the tank and but the train there. and still use the hose.  would look cleaner😁
Matt cheapest and most effective way to get water away from your foundations is to build up the edges so that it slopes away from your foundation. Waters gonna take path of least resistance…set a drain box in lowest part of your rock garden and run it out to the pvc u have in your driveway
Make a manifold that has an outlet at the bottom of each chamber in order to keep ALL the water available and route them onto a single inlet for the pump!
Matt: it never gets cold in Texas Winter 2020: Hold my beer!
Darley fast attack skid units !
Over here we call them French drains
Build a platform that would put the bottom of the white tank at least 1 foot above the level of the black tank.  Get a 3 inch ball valve and 3 inch suction hose, like the green hose you already have, that is just long enough to reach well into the black tank.  You would stand in the back of the truck to operate the valve and give the hose a little support.  Make sure you have a vent on the white tank and let gravity do the job.
lol that cricket is loud.
I hope you'll never need one, but what about burn over protection systems for the cab?
What you could do for using one pump to do both jobs of fill and empty the tank, stack the ports. Put the fill port directly above the empty port, and have like a valve at the empty port you can just turn to divert the water up to the fill port. Will also cut down on the length of pipe, and easy to access in a quick pinch.
Here is the simplest thing to do. Every firehouse has a mechanic/engineer. Just stop there and have him instruct you on what you need and how to do it. You can even make a video on it.
The little gaps that go up in the water tank are supposed to keep the water from sloshing around as much. That way if you have to make a sudden stop, the water doest slam into the front of the tank and push the entire truck forward after stopping.
So Matt, the reason the tank is like that is to break up the water when it sloshes back and worth. That way all the weight of the water doesn't slam against one side or the other all at once.
If you were a Blond... You would try to fill the tank from the tank hose.
Why not just put a water tower with like 1100 gallons on the ranch
Never cold... u just happen to miss it when TX froze over and you were in FL lol
In the gunner spot on the fire truck you could mount a big ol water gun to control and shoot, would look cool and be practical at the same time
The actual system you looking to do would actually be pretty easy if you have a email I can send you a blueprint
Just a rather very intelligent system
I have another idea to solve YOUR laundry room flooding issue...sell your house and move YOUR laundry room to a house on much higher ground. Added bonus...I hear houses on hill tops don't only have non-flooding laundry rooms, but they also come with awesome views. :-)
Why are you hard piping with PVC instead of lead pipes? If you tank shifts at all its going to break you PVC.
On my fire rig with similar pump I run two x 1inch fire hose reels and that perfect for pressure and handy to have two people fighting the fire as you can fan together.
Rather then hard pipe I would use radiator hoses with internal springs to plump the pump
for smaller grass fires you could just use a Flamefighter  "Fire Flapper" tool. looks like a mud flap on a pole.
🖐🖐🖐
get a jaws of life!
just put another hole in the tank and hardpipe it to vent on the pumps output. Put another vent to the input and harpipe it to the side of the pump, to hook up the white tank. If you let the output vent just a bit open the pump will circulate through the tank and won´t heat up ;)
Instead of a ma deuce on top you should put a deluge water gun on a turret
FIRE TRUCK
My suggestion would be to set the white tank by the demo hq and let it fill with rain water. Probably would want to build a elevated base for easy fill. Then if need be I would also think about when the tank at hq gets low enough adding a quick connection for the pump just in case. Love the videos.
Addie has Mere’s personality down to a tee!!
If you put a water storage refill tank on a stand, like a farm fuel tank. Gravity can refill the water on the fire truck in minutes. Then just refill your storage tank. And if you use a float fill/stop on the storage tank, it will always be full and never over fill.
MATT........it's a fire truck. Needs to be on shore power.  Usually also air. Even if you have the power cut off switch turned off. Please hit me up if you need help with any of this.
U could’ve done a few big catch basins in the flower bed ones big enough to not clog and you would’ve been fine
You should probably include a pickaxe with your shovels, it makes it faster to dig a fire line if you have to.
Definitely Ma Deuce on the fire truck
White tank on a rack higher then the truck tank so fills up with just gravity & a toilet like fill up on it so it automatically refills
Just need couple adjustable bypasses. They way you can set pressure to go the direction you want. Keep about 5lb difference in each and water will continue to flow full time without over heating
I would put a mat under the tank so you don’t run a hole in it.
You absolutely most definitely positively need a M2 on the firetruck.
Definition of patience: Why the goddamn Cricket is still alive ?  15:30 loll
Better put a couple decent axes on there. Better to have them and not need than need and not have.
I can appreciate a guy building out what he wants for the fire truck, but there are options for skid sprayers that have everything you’ll need to fight grass fires and such. Could look into a Fimco or Kings sprayer
Mere designed the retention basin at the Bunker 2.0, but Matt is left to solve drainage at home?
A brush truck should have short hoses that reach the cab so the driver/passenger can spot spray from the window.
Get a three way buy pass valve. The pressure is adjustable
Matt what you need for your rain problem is a house on top of a hill🤔
Definitely don’t hard pipe it the vibration from the pump is gonna crack that pipe or at least the junctions
Matt's famous last words 'it never gets cold in texas'. Didn't a snowstorm bring texas to a halt not so long ago?
I would look at multiple outlets off the tank to the pump so that if the truck is on a hill you don't have to worry about the trucks position to make sure you have all the water
Open the lid on the new tank. Then begin to fill the tank.
Oh - and *CAPTURE* that rain water!!! It's a valuable resource!
100% you need a firemans axe and a shovel
Talk to someone who works on comercial pressure washers. I worked for a comercial pressure washing company and our pressure washer would pump faster then a regular hose so we had and huge tank like yours and it would recirculate into our main tank like you were taking about.
Those drains by the curbs aren't large enough. There are larger versions available which connect to 4-6" pipes and have removable covers to clean them out. They're about 12" cubes and feature an area at the bottom which can capture debris to prevent the debris from going down the pipes and clogging them as easily.
If you get another freeze your going to want to start the truck to empty it for freeze protection, and that will be when you need the extra power of 4-6v batteries
Shoot it
Maybe put outputs on all 4 sides of the tank so if the truck stands on an incline you can always draw water from the lowest point
Maybe multiple outlets (each loaf) on each side, so on inclines you always have suction.
It's never cold here. Except for last winter when the power went out & most of Texas was an icicle!
Hey man, you have the setup design already made on the ElChomino... just copy the fuel system and upsize everything.
i think it got cold there last year????
Instead of the ma duece, put a water cannon up there
Ok... so Matt is Tony Stark in real life. He has a helper named J.A.R.V.I.S.
🦗🔫🔫
Never cold in Texas, euhhmmmm Your ran out off gasss last winter during A blizard!
Shouldn't you have a hole on opposite corners of that big tank in case you're parked on a incline?
Of course you can mount a Ma Deuce on a firetruck...crowd control
Bring Jarvis back!
on the LMTV there is a Power shut off on the outside of the Battery box, Turn it off when ever you park it. it will help with the battery drain
"Its never cold here"  Pretty sure it was like 5 degrees there last winter... :P
Why don't  you wrap  the water  tank  in  iron or metal  then  you  can put your holes and axs on the water tank or whatever  you want  and you still  save  space  and it keep your water  tank  from building  heat  and so but just ideal
You could fill the tank with the return system with a T valve on to intake
So why not move to a house that is up on a hill somewhere, problem solved.
You should build a metal frame over the top of the tank to mount the hose real
You should do a collab with Roman's 5 ton.
Slap a pivoting chair on the back so that if you need to you can firefight while on the move. ...I meant with the water against a fire.
Sounds like there is a lack of through wall flashing at the base of that stone wall.
Dude, you should listen to Pantera when you're running, a 90s Metal band from Texas,
Or you could have pulled the dually forward and backed up the fire truck...
you need to find a way to be able to get all the water out theres gonna be alot of extra water you wont be able to get to with the way the tank is made need some kind of smaller pipe running through the bottom of the tank to get it all out
17:17 You need the back to say DEMOLITION Fire Dept, and throw a light or 2 on top just because.
You should partner with QTAC and install a truck skid that is an all in one unit.
"It's never cold in Texas" Except for last year when the cold almost destroyed the State.
Ok it's easy matt line from black tank needs a t splitter with a shutoff before the it and at the t. White tank hooks to t and you shut off the black tank so It pumps white tank. On the output side you have a pressure relief valve that goes to the black tank and your pipe to the hose reel. This way while the hose is off water gets pumped to the black tank. If the white tank is hooked up and the valve for the black tank is off it will pump the white tanks water through the pressure relief valve into the black tank
Or just buy a used fire truck all set up already. You have the 💰
Looks like a fun and useful project, Matt!  Congrats!
Matt you should buy two hose reels and mount them under the bed in front of the rear wheels that way you have waist level accessto the hoses and will leave the bed open for additional loadout.
Matt, you need to watch post10. Lol
Hay Matt when did you put in the roll up garage door on the back of the shed?
Please drop me a message and I will help you. I was a Wildland firefighter for many years the BLM and want to make sure you know some what you will be dealing with and want to keep you safe if I can. Wildfires are not something to just jump into and not understand unless you get some basics. Especially if you're going to have your own fire engine and could be responsible for somebody else's life along with you!
Yes! Another man of sophistication who likes NF.
Shit!matt u know about nf!?!??! Hes sick!!
I’m a volunteer-firefighter and I’m no plumber but I do understand how the trucks work and have been through a pumping class to be able to operate a pump. So on the Inlet side will be a 2 wyes one to resuscitate water and the other to have a hose to fill the mounted tank with the pump wye 1 being from mounted tank to pump and from outlet to pump wye 2 being open connection to pump and mounted tank to pump outlet would be one wye with a recirculating side and a line side and it would all have to be ball valved but that would do the trick I think
Matt I would make a manifold system but I’d use stainless pipe with Chicago fittings. Much more durable than schedule 80 PVC especially with the weight of hose full of water with pump pressure and the fact that you’ll probably be driving through trees and brush on the ranch the stainless will tear right through all that stuff without breaking
Just install a fire hydrant at demo ranch. Problem solved.
"just like that"
You could always build something to put the other tank on so all you have to do is pull your truck underneath it and fill it that way. Have the rain fill it also.
isn't'  the  water  tank  designed  that  way  to  minimize  sloshing  the  water  inside?
Axe not just for buildings. Plus you'll never know when it comes in handy, so get an axe, chainsaw, crowbar, spare 3m chains. Better to have than not
me laughing in liters when he was calculating the weight of the water
perfect advice would be from @firedepartmentchronicles!
LMTV 2.5 ton rating is with full travel of suspension for cross country driving.  Truck can handle more weight,  you just need to find a balance between weight and suspension flexibility.   Original Battery type is 6TL or 6AGM. Depends on if you want regular lead acid or glassman. 6AGM typically have more amps and would be a better choice if running only 2.  Does the new tank have internal baffles to prevent sloshing effect while driving?   Instead of pumping from tank on ground consider building a stand higher than the truck tank and installing a 6" ball valve with short hose.  Saves time on changing hoses and gravity feeding from a 6" hose might go faster than pumping from a 1" hose.
I think a light bar, at least
It's never cold here... Flashback to frozen Texas hellscape ❄️ 🥶   Also, if you do a hardline between two points and there is vibration or movement between them you need a soft pipe to keep the hardline from getting work hardened and breaking.
on top of the tank you need a valve to release pressure while using it or you tank will implode
The tank is shaped like that to simulate tank baffles. So the water can’t slosh as easily
U definitely got to do something with the Gunner s turret  ,
"It never gets cold here, it's Texas"  He has a very short memory. People literally froze to death last winter.
Put a watter cannon out of the gun hatch. I know im not the only one to think this
Matt change the intro, still using the old humvee
This truck bed needs a red fire motocycle up there don’t you think?
Be careful putting too many 90's and t's. The more you have the less flow you will have at the end of the hose.
Hey Matt, you should put the white tank under ground at the bunker HQ. And fill them with the rain water. Underground so there won’t be any algae and the rain water will give you free firefighting water.
It's never cold here.  It's Texas!  *AHEM!*  https://youtu.be/20S09aDDTn8  You were saying Matt?
Matt you need to get a 360 water cannon, so you can jump on the back standing up while the truck can be driven
The first couple of minutes was mad dejavu!
If you hard pipe the truck you will still need a flexible section as the tank and pump need to flex to expand/move/vibrate.
Ma duce on the LMTV!!!!!!!!!!!
Volunteer FF here.  We have a Tanker with a trash pump, very similar to yours, little larger.  On the side of the trash pump there are 3 1” brass valves that reroute the water back to the tank instead of of out to the output line. So one valve from pump to out, one from pump to tank, one from tank to pump. Also an idea about your extra tank, perhaps plumb it to your water collection system at the HQ, it it fills with and out of the larger tank. Quick refills and lots of water available. And for brush fires, nothing like foam for that, comes in as small as 1 gallon buckets or as large as 55gal barrels, i would keep it on its own system, pump, gun, tank etc.  little foam goes a long way. And mount a gas powered leaf blower, (a stihl, and use premix fuel) way quick way to kill a brush fire.  We have one in each of our brush trucks.
Get an axe and a couple ladders.
Watch out Matt, I think your daughter is gonna be getting her Hogwarts letter here soon!
We told you 2 years ago to put in French drains. The manifold is actually easier than you think.  Split the out put, one side to the tank and the other to the hose.  Just put a simple pressure regulator (mind the direction) between the  out of the pump and return to the tank. That will allow the water to recirculate.  When you open the hose valve, the pressure will drop closing the regulator and deliver to the nozzle.  Splitting the input side will allow you to draw from either the tank or an outside water source.  Make sure to use a trash hose. They don't collapse from the suction and have a screen on the end to filter solids.
Matt I would love to work with u on demolition ranch
Put a tee with a ball value on the top so when your not pumping just open the value and close it when you need water to the house. Probably the easiest way and the most reliable
A simple pressure release valve would allow the tank to release above a predetermined level and then close when the pressure is below that level for you.
Could you put a cannon on top converted to ignite diesel fuel? Asking for a friend. Fight fire with fire!
I bet as soon as this video ends he went cricket hunting
Ok did say he has ranch hands ???
FF here. Just make a manifold and have one port with a 3/4" valve that goes back to the tank. Leave it open just slightly and you will be fine. Ohh and I say install a remote operated monitor on the roof so you can run it from inside the cab.
You should put the drain plug towards the back so when you need to drain it you can put the front tires up on an incline and the water will go to the back and go off the back bed
You need flex pipe at the pump because vibration of the motor running. Put rubber mat under the tank trust me.
You only need a switching valve for the intake side of the water pump. One goes to the tank drain and one goes to the refill intake. You can use the pump outlet to fight fires or fill the tank
I reccomend having a good Pulaski axe onboard the firetruck.
Have a look into agricultural sprayer manifolds they have pressure recirculating ect all built in
Next on Demo Ranch, can a cricket stop a .50 Cal?
Put the white tank up in the air and you can gravity fill the truck tank
Matt, you need an Automatic Recirculation Valve, also known as an ARV or ARC.  This will protect your pump when not using outlet water.
Someday you will get an Oshkosh military fire truck with a Cummins Diesel engine.
To recirculate  the water  you can  maybe put a spliter Y on the Discharge  side of the Pump one side can go to Hose real other can go to refill  the tank
I just need this chair, and that's all I need.  This chair, and this lamp. That's all I need.  This chair and this lamp and this picture, and that's all I need.
And on your hose reel only have about a 100'  of 1" hose  on it. Remember you can't cut the rubber line as easy as cotton jacketed hose or synthetic hose in case you need to run from the fire. And always make sure you have a couple of (Sharp) knives handy in case you do have to cut the hose and take off
You can pump water from your swimming pool. Everyone with a house should have a swimming pool just for that reason.
You have land and a skid steer why not  build a pond
Trucks use the 4 batteries to start. Its less strain on tem then only using 2. They then only need 2 to stay running.
That thing needs a water cannon on top of the cab + one at the back. To fight the bad stuff like flames or hordes of thirsty people. Gotta have front and rear protection! Also might be fun at parades...
cutest family ever
Put a water cannon on it
make sure you put the outlet within arms reach of the filler hole...  you'll need to get a nut on the inside of the tank...
Matt: *breaks doorway again to get tank in*
Don't hard Pipe  you need the pipe to be able  to Flex as the truck flexes over the different  Terrain  you will be driving  over
Wish I could get over and secure that tank to the Firetruck. But hoping the boys will be back with their welders
Matt, its not a bad thing to have a axe on the truck even if you dont ever use it. but if you need one and you dont have one, thats a bad thing.
Here at our farm we have 2 2000 gal tanks hooked up to two older pool pump beside the barns.  We have both tanks hooked up the 8 inch gutters coming off the barns.  We are able to back the water truck up to the pumps and fill a 500gal water tank in about 10 mins. It works great and it's free water.  Now we also have the tanks hooked up to a well just incase.  But judging by the water coming off you have in the "Little rain" you could fill the tanks in just a couple of storm's.
Yeah Jarvis we need more Jarvis
Orrrrr you could buy another pump for the tank and leave the tank at HQ to take the water from the water catchment overflow....
Sorry Matt, but This is why you let building fire trucks and pumping systems to the professionals
not sure what size you need but look into pool pvc parts they have 3 way diverter valves sure you can figure it out
I don’t think any fire truck is complete without a ma deuce on a turret
Matt, These chicken water irrigation systems are getting out of hand,it’s affecting the house now! Lol
paint the white one black with flex seal
A show and magic tricks you just can't beat this channel
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Matt in odoi.Blue again: I only saw the dms
Love you Matt, but that tank was a big fail.! Lol..
The spray and fillup system is not hard (a bit more valve if you wanna use the same hose for fillup) all you to is Y(v) valve before the spray hose (open all directions) Y(x) before the pump (close/open the tank out(1)) (close/open hose going to the sprayhose(2) Y(v)) Y(c) after the pump (open/close open close hose to tank IN(3)) (close/open hose going to sprayhose(4) Y(v))  then all you do is manipulate Y(x) and Y(c)  To spray Y(x) close(2) open (1) Y(c) close (3)  open (4)  To fillup Y(x) close(1) open (2) Y(c) close (4)  open (3)  could probably find fittings which dont need seperate valu for each opening rater you can twist it to change direction then u just need 2 "buttons" to change the procedure
You would think a guy with truck wenches would use them more for moving things....
I wouldn’t hardpipe the tank to the pump. With the Vibration and movement of the truck they will fail one day.
It may have a battery disconnect switch. They have been on semi trucks for decades.  I am not familiar with this type of vehicle but seems to reason with that many batteries and a penchant for draining them it would have been designed with one.
What are the possibilities of adding a well on your property specifically to run a fire hydrant
You need a fire tamer on your fire truck.
Also in the type of terrain in your videos a Wild fire backpack pump (collapsible) would be good to use to have also. Just think of it as a 5 gallon super soaker gun
you can use hard pipes but u need fittings that flex because you'll still have a little movement. and I was thinking if you put a 3/4" fitting at the bottom of each of the 4 sections of the tank you would get to the bottoms of each section
Wouldn’t having the white tank sitting give you the same issue with the algae? Unless you paint it black too lol
Move the tank back.  Put a hose reel on each side making it more functional
All you need is a "pressure release valve". Amazon's probably won't work for you though... I'd go to a plumbing business or if you have any oilfield parts dealers down there. We have some from "kimray, invalco, bay-valves"... they are also called "pressure safety valves".... I'd just use a 1" one if it was me...
A 50 on top would be neat, but what about a water turret?
have your welding guys put angle iron around .
They make 3 way 2" valves.
do you need to block it so cant slide
I love the rain water redirecting system. But why not put an in ground catchment system so the water can be saved for not a rainy day. And can be used for outside irrigation in drier weather.
Contact Cody at Wranglestar he was a firefighter. He might have some useful  input.
The tank is segmented like that to reduce  and break up the energy from the water sloshing around, a similar design to the way cement trucks work so the water doesn't produce a huge wave that crashes against the wall potentially causing your truck to tip over. The biggest thing it helps with is reducing the distance required to come to a full stop when full
Matt needs to put truck bed drawers cross ways under the bed
i work for a fire prevention company in spain, at least here, all you said you want, exists and its doable, hard pipe it but with good quality pipe, not the cheap pvc, it will last a lot longer, search for relief valves and auto-idling pumps, possibilities are endless here
Make sure that gas in the generator is treated so it doesn’t go bad. Gasoline has a very short shelf life, if your gas is bad than your generator doesn’t run and your screwed. I’d look into a pump that the truck engine runs
What about a tool box behind the cab? You could decide it and put tools and shovels in one half and a first aid kit and bagged change of clothes and anything else you might think you will need. If its large enough maybe a space a cooler might fit for ice and water.
You need to plumb all the low spots on the truck tank
Matt get fire rakes.
Who needs a ma deuce on their fire truck? Anyone who has a fire truck and a ma deuce.
Matt you need a couple of Pulaski's - The Pulaski is a special hand tool used in fighting wildfires[1] which combines an axe and an adze in one head. Similar to a cutter mattock, it has a rigid handle of wood, plastic, or fiberglass. The Pulaski is used for constructing firebreaks, able to both dig soil and chop wood. It is also well adapted for trail construction, and can be used for gardening and other outdoor work for general excavation and digging holes in root-bound or hard soil.  And a couple of McLeod tool (or rakehoe) is a two-sided blade — one a rake with coarse tines, one a flat sharpened hoe — on a long, wooden handle. It is a standard[1] tool during wildfire suppression
I thing you need a water cannon.
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Matt in odoi.Blue again: I only saw the dms
no ma duces on fire truck you need a rotating high-pressure fire nozzle on top would be good to fight fires plus those times things get in your way blast them with water
Just use a 3 position valve to switch between pumping from the tank to the hose, to pumping from a source to the tank
Don't forget the tank needs a vent. (unless the lid has one?).   For the White tank set it high on a rack so gravity can fill the Black tank.  Take a trip to one of the fire departments near by. Or, invite some volunteer firefighters out to help design/ build it.
Never cold? That's probably what they thought when they built the wind power that screwed up for you last winter.
Yesss! I been screaming that you needed this style of tank from day one! So glad you got it changed up boss man!
*I hope it has internal baffles..*    Because when it's only half full..  Enjoy trying to stop quickly. When all the water rushes to the front of your truck and bumps you forward.  lol
On the input side of the pump you will want a T fitting with one side coming from the tank and the other coming from your remote fill point. Put a ball valve on each side so you can block the side you're not using.  On the output side of the pump you will want to put another t pipe, one side to the hose reel and the other to the tank. Again with ball valves to shut off the side you're not pumping to.  To use one pipe going to the tank, you're going to need a third T pipe to connect the pipes going to the input and output sides of the pump.  Our hydroseeder has a recirculator that connects to the output pipe. It continually releases a small amount of pressure to protect the pump short term without losing pressure on the hose.
Build a stand for your other tank, let gravity do the work.
Dude, I  was listening to NF before I  started your vid
Love the magic trick!
3:50 Snow of Texas: Seriously bro? After what weve been through just now? You really want to start beef again?
For the White tank use Rhino Lining to make it black to keep the UV out of it so you don't get algea.  If you could store that tank at an elevated point you could use a large valve to dump directly into the one on the truck and get your time down to a couple of minutes.
You could use the white tank for rainwater collection for the shed you`re building on the ranch rn. Put it on like a stand so it sits higher up than the tank on the firetruck, so you could just open a valve and let the water fill up you`re tank by gravity. Could also end up being faster than pumping if you put a big enough hose on it.
So, I don't know what I missed but, what happened to the white dog?  I think you called him Buddy?
Uh too small you need a thousand gallon tank now lol
Your on the right path about the resuscitation valve talk to your local fire to look at there brush trucks to get an idea.
That cricket was driving me nuts. And the design of the tank is for sloshing.
Matt, all of our fire riggs have main power cut off switches that is recommended to stop power drain. Also why not get a manifold to manage your pumping system?  Also a flex pipe from tank to pump is a good idea. Did you also say it doesn't get cold in Texas? Didn't it freeze there last winter?!
Yes Matt, by-pass valve just like heart surgery for the pump. Silly vets...
have a look at what welker farms have on big brute for fire fighting one would go on your fire truck it is called a fire tamer i think
Need to install a pressure switch on the outlet of  pump with a pilot bypass back to tank. Or new more expensive pump that would kick out once pressurized
You need to split the line coming from your pump to the hose reel.  When you shut the valve off to your hose reel you open the other side to a hose that leads back to your tank.  As far as filling with your pump, you will have a valve on your inlet side to the pump.   You open one side to allow water from tank to pump.  If you want to fill your tank with your pump, then you shut off the bottom of your tank and open to your fill hose.  Then you make sure to open the recirculation valve you put on the output side of the pump to fill your tank.
You want to have your tank forward the weight is not that big of deal but if you have to stop fast it doesn't take much for all that water to shift forward and rip loose doing at best massive damage at worst possibly hurting or killing someone. So run it forward as far as you can and mount all the smaller stuff on the sides with the tank you have you will have lots of room for shovels, rakes, buckets and all kinds of things down both sides. Remember think safety before convenience.
❤️❤️
It just looks right pushed up against the cab imho.
Didn’t Texas freeze up solid this winter?
FINALLY!!! Ok I haven't watched yet... 🤣
Matt why in the world don't you go to your local volunteer Fire department and check out their brush trucks and the pump systems on the brush truck your local fireman have a lot of knowledge that you really could use!! Why do I say this because I am a volunteer firefighter and have been for 12 years. Every question you've asked I know the answer but you never read your comments.
We need more Jarvis.
A real man would have filled that tank with water BEFORE he loaded it!
I agree with other posters here. Make a water tower out of the white tank.
This LMTV has a Cat engine? I don’t trust it. At least while I was in the army the LMTVs with Cummins engines broke down a lot less than the ones with the Cat engines. That might just have been me, though.
Isn't there a firetruck kit with all the stuff you need? Or could you get what you need from an old firetruck?
Fuck the imperial system :/
Go to ag store that deals with spraying crop they can instruct you better they build this stuff all the time.
That tank looks like  it's on its side? Just way you pointed the gaps I'm thinking that's control flow of water so it suppose stand tall not flat? Just saying thinking that's what gaps are for
Weld straps to the bed like a gas tank, the straps will trip and be in the way of walking around it.  How about a low platform with a water turret.   Everyone needs a turret.
Eat Your Heart Out Tony Stark Matt also has a Jarvis working for him!
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Matt in odoi.Blue again: I only saw the dms
If you don't put the ma-duse on the truck ill be vary disappointed in you!
Water Cannon from roof would be a great idea.
Everlast makes a solar powered battery tender I think it's like 60 bucks we put them on our fire engines they work really well.
shovel, rake, axe, chainsaw, chains for tree remowall,
I suggest you have a skid made up that holds the tank, the hose reel and you plumbing with tabs on the skid to bolt it all down in the bed. I would go hard plumbing on the skid to flexible plumbing to the pump and reel. Things move and you need the flex or things will break.
To fill the tank up with the pump you just need a T-joint with one end going down thru the bed and a valve on each other end, one going in the tank and conector for the big green hose on the other.
The water in that new tank is gonna get hot if it stays in the sun
Thanks Jarvis
6:00 idm man 500kg is 500l that could have been mutch easier
Go to a oilfield supply company. They will have all your heavy duty plumbing, at a better price. We use 1- 1-1/2 water hoses on drill rigs.
Need that 50 up top to start the fires you need to put out.  That fire truck would keep itself self employed!
I like how Matt is starting to comment on stuff he fixed as selling points of his current house...won't be long now before the abandon mansion is no longer abandoned...
Put the 50 in the bed of the 5 ton
Talk to the fire dep. They can help you ;)
2 things hard pipe on that pump is not going to be the greatest idea bc as the truck moves and flexes the pipe will break. Stick to the flex. 2nd you need a float switch 12 or 24v and hook it up problem on the water level fixed
What's up with the dog?
Unloader valve for pressure washers idk how big you can get them
Make sure you include in your fire fighting arsenal a “Fire swatter flap” (yes it a real thing) buy two. Best device for putting out grass fires 🔥 quickly. Just a thought. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Heck yeah your firetruck needs a ma duce
My favorite ending ❣️
To Matt there is never: “to make a long story short” I don’t know why he’d say that. Lol a normal person can say Hi but with Matt it would take ten minutes just to say the word Hi
"Never"gets cold in Texas? How soon you forget.🤣
Would love to give some insights, but I’m in Dallas, would be best to show you directly.
For the recirculation system you can use a minimum flow valve so when there is demand it flows one direction and when there is no demand it recirculatates back to the tank. We use them on our boiler feed pumps at work.
We had a truck setup like I'm the army. We had a giant diesel pressure washer thing with it in the truck. It literally turned it into a fire truck
Hello Matt ex fire chief here and wildland firefighter also. On are brush trucks we didnt use PVC pipe for pump.we used red hard rubber hose from pump to hose real also we used a hard rubber hose from tank to pump. For ur hose reel get u a electric one that all u have to do is push a button to real the line in. There is a valve u can get that when u shut the nozzle off it pops and goes back into water tank and circulates but I cant remember the name of it.  Also take ur truck to a local fire department are USFS fire office and they can help u line it out.
Talk to Welker farms they had a fire nozzle for their sprayer.
Jarvis has a great beard
Matt with 20 years of fire service I would recommend getting the following tools for your truck: shovel, fire rake, Pulaski, backpack pump sprayer, and a chainsaw. Those will come in handy
FYI most of the weight should be as far forward as possible.
Put in a big dry well and a sewer injection pump.
COME ON MATT! USE PROPER GRAMMAR! “So when it gets really heavier,” (2:32 is the moment I’m talking about) It’s fun criticizing you. 😁❤️
Put the white tank raised high enough so the chief could just back in and in a flip of a valve, the gravity would just fill up the chief, it could be faster that way. It'll be like how steam locomotives filled up back in the days. You can also hook up a pump or rain water collector to the white tank so when you emptied it up and use the water, it'll just refilled it automatically.  And that ridges on your new tank, are for you to put some steel bars and prevent it to slide around on your bed. Thats how we used it. Slide some steel bars underneath, fixed  the bars to the bed, and run some kind of straps around the ridges, through the steel bars to secure it.
Matt, you might be a closet narcissist... But how would you know? 🤔
I would like to see more magic tricks,  and Jarvis seems to be a very big help around the ranch. 👍
All you need to recirculate is a hand valve that you just crack open all the time and if you need a little extra pressure you go close it
"I don't need a Ma Deuce on my fire truck, right?"........ it's a FIREtruck.. you FIRE a Ma Deuce...... how is this even a question?!
Those ribs on the tank are to help the water not rush around as violently as it would with no ribs. Milk trucks have something like that in their tanks, but much bigger to prevent the milk from gathering too much momentum when you are trying to slow down.
For the reverse pumping you should just make a bypass from the output back to the input with four valves. One on the output pipe, one on the start if the bypass, one on the end of the bypass, and one on the input to the pump. I'm not a plumber, but was just an idea I had. It would work for recirculation too.
might aswell have bought an actual line drain rather than the janky pipe
I would push it back more and install the hose real in between the cab and tank. Then you can pull the hose to either side.
❤🧡💛💚💙💜🖤
A roof-mounted monitor (water cannon) is what you need. Elkhart Brass has the tools.
You would put a valve in the feed from the tank to the pump, and a separate hose attachment to your ground tank. On the output side, you would have a valve to recirculate into your tank instead of hose reel. If you want a pressure bypass you would make a loop from output to input on pump with pressure regulated one way valve so the pump would have water moving at all times, if it doesn’t have a pressure bypass built in already (you should check)
Why not use the knowledge of professionals and just go to a fire supply house and let them help you. Buy once cry once!
Due to the design of the tank, you should have a outlet at the bottom of each baffle and have them tee into 1 line. Or you're going to have water sitting in the bottom of each baffle
Don't use solid pipe from tank to pump...... The tank will flex and unless it's tied down 100% you'll break pvc...... put a small piece of flex in between tank and pump
That water's Russian! I thought it was Texan....🤫
I have setup a few grass truck and you will need to use stainless steel pipe.  There is a manifold you can get for grass trucks so when your not using the hose and will go back into the tank.
To be honest, have a professional hook it all up for you. You don't want to ruin your pump, tank, and everything in between.
Just contact Siddons-Martin, they do fire truck sales, repairs and such.  Tell them what you want and they'll get you fixed up.  It's a one stop shop, lot easier
August 2021 “it’s never cold here it’s TEXAS” February 2021 “state of Texas in major power crisis due to severe winter storms” don’t you just love the short term memory of Texans?
Hi Mat how old are the kids and you must shoot taers on demolishingrans
You always need a 50 mounted on all vehicles
Awesomeness dude
I think the PVC piping would become brittle after long exposure to the sun.
9:06 "Ranch hand" or "Off the ranch hand"?
I'm not saying you should mount a pewpew to the top of your firetruck. But think of the intros you could do. Do it for goldie
Definitely would be best to have a manifold. Then you have your tank to pump valve, your tank fill valve and of course your recirculation valve. We always leave our recirc valve cracked to keep our pumps cool. If you want pics or anything like that feel free to reach out.
Mak a weapon rack were you wanted to have the Shovel rack
What you really need is a water canon so you can stand up through the capola and fight fires on the move or for riot control lol keep up the great work 👍
Old school outro for the win!!
Rip your mic it didn't sound right after that rain.
Is the tank baffled?  Would be best to center it on the bed.
2-1/2 Ton truck doesn't mean it can only haul 2-1/2 ton.  My 3/4 ton truck has a 3200lb capacity.  Your truck is probably good for 10-15,000lbs.
You need to do something about holding the tank down better than you explained.  Only a gusseted steel wall will stop that tank wiping the cab off the chassis in an accident
Hose reel will save time too ! Good thinkin matt . When something is on fire seconds matter !
Do a m 2 styled fire turret instead of bullets it shots water
I have a suggestion when plumbing the water tank, I would still use a small piece of flex pipe to take up some of the slack because the tank and truck will flex independent of each other.
They make remote control water cannons for farmers to put on sprayers, you could probably get one of those setup without too much fuss!
Did you forget your shoes? 🤣🤣
But what if the zombies attack while ur fighting a fire. Definitely need the gun on the roof
Look up how recirculating valves work on fire trucks
"NF" i didn't take Matt for a Nelly Furtado fan lol 🤣
I love the family energy
You should really put the 50 cal on the firetruck
Dude, you need a ma duce on the fire truck
You should really put the 50 cal on the firetruck
Wait till you get fitting cam locks. Fun. Clue: Get extras.
On mine I did a ball valve that is next to the pump that runs back to the tank. If I could send a picture I would.
Could you not just drop a Cl table in the tank? Like you might pool water. That should stop things growing it the tank
If you place the white tank at a higher elevation then the black tank you could gravity feed with larger hose faster then you could with the pump. Making a quicker turn around. You would need a way to open the white tank for quicker flow as well.
You need a MA Deuce on your fire trunk!
I hope you wired that battery right the truck has a 12v and 24v circuits. If you just hoked it up 24v you will kill your lights
What you're looking for is called a "circulation relief valve" Also, make sure that you don't hard pipe it all. Leave a flexible coupling on each line or something is gonna give.
Also you a water cannon on there. It will never be a real fire truck unless you have a water cannon on a turret.
Matt, why didn't you just buy a regular engine fire truck that already came with the pump system you want? It would have came with a ton of cabinets to put tools in, too, and you could have painted it black. Plus, if you weren't able to find one that sits high enough off the ground, I'm sure you would have been able to get it raised.   This way, you wouldn't have needed to buy a truck that requires you to put in a custom tank, a custom pumping system, and a custom area to put tools. A regular engine fire truck already comes with all of that. You would have just needed to paint it and raise it.   I have no idea if my suggestion would have been any cheaper than what you did, but I'm certain it would have been much easier. There would have been a lot less custom work for you to do, if you had bought a regular engine fire truck.   By the way, I love what you did with routing the rain water to flow away from your home. Great job!
I would still have fire axes, shovels,chainsaw, hoedad, fire blanket,extinguisher and extra buckets. Better to have it and nit need it.
I wanna see that pump hooked up tot he chicken watering system. CHUG CHICKENS, CHUG!
Oh I am happy that a 1Liter ways 1kg metric for the win.
I'd look into some pressure recirculation designs from oil field work. A hefty ball valve could to the multi route option for pumping filling and recirculation.
And I quote "its going to be a lot of thinking" I just hope Matt can handle it lol
Where'd you get that knife from 😂
Go ahead n put an axe on there you’d be surprised when you’ll need it.
maybe get in touch with Wranglerstar, he used to be a firefighter. So he could help you with what should be on truck and how to get it there. Don't know how is it between you after the Merch issue tho.
I would still have fire axes, shovels,chainsaw, hoedad, fire blanket,extinguisher and extra buckets. Better to have it and nit need it.
When you do that "high-pressure-overflow-thing", that would be the solution to pump the water from tank to tank. You only have to switch between two pipes between tank and pump and the incoming water will float in through the overflow.
Put the hose reel facing sideways in front of the tank
Sometimes you gotta fight fire with fire.
🦗
Elevated Holding Tank. Log Structure? Side "kick plates" on the new tank. Just 1 shovel thrown up on bed the wrong way... Poke, splash!
You also can put a ladder there on the side so you can get on the top of the bed faster to get to the shovels! One that will stay up until you pull the handle to drop it down, and then be pushed back up and locked back in place when not in use!
Keep it simple with truck, check out how our Australian bushfire trucks are set up. Most urban fire trucks are set up they have a high and low pressure system built in. You only need a high pressure system with that rubber hose reel. Research bushfire/wildfire trucks or actually go to a fire station to check one out.
Why don't you collect the water and re use it for your fire truck?
A couple ball valves and T adapters will make your system happen. One hard line plumbed into the pump inlet. After the pump exhaust you put a T. Off the T one end will have a connector for refilling from a hose and the other end will go to your recirculating system. The recirculating system needs one more T and two ball valves. Put a ball valve on the end that feeds the hose and a ball valve on a hard pipe going back to the top end of the tank. This way, to recirculate, close the hose valve and open the tank valve, the water will run through the pump and dump in the tank until you open the hose valve for use.
I would still have fire axes, shovels,chainsaw, hoedad, fire blanket,extinguisher and extra buckets. Better to have it and nit need it.
Has anyone else ever noticed how much, Matt loves projects that involve water?
Matt, you need to watch Gate City Foundation Design and watch how Shawn and his crew take care of water and drainage.
NF 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Me hearing matt say it never gets cold. And then remembering it got cold.
A fire truck with a Ma Duece, so suppressing fire, while laying down suppressing fire.
NF is sooooo good
I feel like you need to build a metal cage around it. Then you would be able to put longer heavier items on top of the tank.
NF?
You could use the white tank for your chicken watering system.
So Matt you don't see the flaw in this plan for the fire tuck do you
Hey matt
get some of those nozzles they use on dust spraying trucks, so you can drench brush while driving
For the recirculation put a check valve in between the pump outlet and the hose handle. Then pipe it back to the tank and when the hose is off the check valve will open and let water go back to the the tank.   Also you do need a maduse on your fire truck, there might be fire zombies.
You sure are a good dad, Matt. Keep it up!
"it's never cold here, it's Texas" looking back a few months is telling me something else :P
I'm gunna be honest... I thought " how cute she is going to show us a magic trick." However, genuinely blew my mind lol.
It’s made like that to stop the water from sloshing back and forth during transport.
Matt, you need an 4 way valve to be able to switch pump flow direction, and an unloader valve for the pressure relief back to the tank.
You should elevate the white spare tank like a water tower that would fill the steam locomotives.
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Matt in odoi.Blue again: I only saw the dms
Flip the tank so the fill lid is not in the back of the trunk or it may pop off when you hit the gas.....up hill to
One tip: if you only strap the tank down to the bed put a rubber mat(t)* under it as a slide protection.   *pun inteded
Lord Jesus there's a firrr
But Matt what if the fire starts shooting at you?? Then you definitely need a ma deuce up there duh..
Fire truck needs stacks to match the 5 ton
Chainsaw backpack blower shovel rakes  anything to make a fire line
You could put a solar trickle charger and a battery refresher on the firetruck to keep it always charged up
The loaf shape is probably also to give it more rigidity, and prevent slushing.
I believe that the tank is designed like that so those smaller sections act as baffles to prevent the water from sloshing around too much. That’s just my thoughts; I’m not any kind of engineer or anything.
For the algorithm
Matt, you're over thinking the pump assembly.   Why not put your white tank on top of a fuel barrel stand, and let gravity do the work for you.
Honestly I’m not a big fan of the new tank the way that thing is constructed I don’t know if you’re ever going to get all of the water out
Matt go to your local fire department and look at their brush trucks and the way that they’re set up.
The look of: do I hunt it down, fumigate, or leav it?
Matt just a suggestion. Invite your local fire department guys out to demo Ranch to play with Pew pews. They would probably give you the best advice. Maybe put it together ☺️.
I would ask a guy on a rural fire department.  This is a simple brush truck design and some of them have built them up like you are doing
Vent the tank. You could create a vacuum in the tank which would stop the flow of water. Worst case, without a vent, the tank will collapse into itself.
19:48 ten farts?
Dude NF is awesome!!!
We have a  deck gun on our military truck works really well along with the hose reel
The valve is called a check valve that opens up over certain pressures and closes when the pressure drops
Might be a little pricy, but one option is put in a PTO, the pump will run off the engine and even circulate the tank water through the radiator.    @9milson2wheelmatt
Now I'm not a fire fighter or plumber, but I've helped design a truck similar to this for jetting and water blasting work at my job and you can't fill from the bottom those trash pumps (this what we call them) don't do very well pumping against head pressure
It’s a fire truck. You should be able to fire from it. Definitely needs an M2 on it.
the reason tanks sometimes have ridges/etc that are above the bottom but at the bottom is so you get no solids in your intake. you're a doctor. sort of. you should know this.
Why not try and find a retired fire truck with all the hook ups?
Matt you should box that tank in and put a big remote controlled water cannon on top of it lol
Hy the boy Jarvis came in clutch
Man I've asked this before, but what happened to the Christmas 🎄 Tree Bond Fire 🔥 this year? 💯🇺🇸🇺🇸💯🖕!!!!
Water cannon
I would pipe in to all 3 sections.
Run a pipe with 3 fittings. One in each section so it drains completely.
Matt, to keep the pump from over heating you need a 3-way bypass with an adjustable pressures relief valve. easy
The fire truck ABSOLUTELY needs an M2 .50 on the turret!!! From an old retired MP...
HI Matt im no expert but as i presume the truck will probably be running if fighting fires is there not an electric water pump that would do the trick as that would be probably have a built in pressure switch that stops when at over pressure (nozzle closed) and start when a drop in pressure ie you open the nozzle !! Also being electric you could reverse the polarity with a simple switch and run in backwards to fill the tank through the same pipe
Still waiting for the new years, bonfire video.  The trucks need to get going so we can have the long awaited video... Very excited
You definitely need the M2 on the firetruck Matt...we won't tell Mere 🤫
Just install a fire hydrant or get permission to use one near the house
I work for rental company and we carry water trailers if you look at one of those and how they are set up is exactly how/what you are trying to do
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHA0lPADNDehKownZ7RZ5kg
How about a Ma Deuce water cannon??
You could put a mounted gun hose in the middle
You should be able to use a swimming pool rotary valve to control the flow of the recirculation, fire hose, fill, and dumping of the tank all from one valve. These valves would be found on sand or DE filters and should all be 2" pvc connections
Apparently Matt's memory is not what it used to be, I seem to remember a little coldspell this spring that made everything including power plants stop working? "It's never cold here... it's Texas..." is just wrong :)
Matt, there's this youtube channel: wrangle star, he used to be a forest firefighter, maybe he could teach you
Why did you not just buy an old fire truck then all the hard work is done
a galon weight 8.33 pounds, or thereabouts. 1litre of water weighs one kilogram, one gram of water is one cc of water, etc. metric is superior.  =)
go back to being a vet. do something useful !
bro next hurricane hit me up ill ride with and help rescue from the back
Whistlin Diesel may have a better view then you on his new property....  Just sayin......
Matt is the only real man I know beside cleetis because when he bought the FF he also bought a fire truck a working fire truck just in case Matt is no different he knows you must protect your home and land and is assume for preparing for the worst and hoping for the best
Matt, you should get an actual woodland fire fighting pump that's built to do this instead of just Jerry rigging everything yourself. Fires are no joke man, if you need to use it, you don't have the luxury of playing with a homemade system that may or may not work
Put the m2 on the fire truck, put the fire in firetruck
I would make an air went on top off the water tank,because when u fill or emty youre tank without letting air in or out the water tank might inflate or deflate 😀
Talk to a local Bugman and check out their spray rig.
the gallons to pounds is a nightmare
Make some brackets and put some fire beaters in them so that if a small fire you don't need the hose because the fire beaters will do the job. Also a metal box for spilt chemical equipment IE sand.
Put a water cannon on top
Yes, exactly. All you need is a hydro safety relief valve that will pop off at anything above the pump’s rated operation pressure and it’ll pop open anytime its above that & route the water back to your tank. The hardest part would be figuring out how much pressure it should be rated for. Finding one should be easy they’re really common in my line of work (powerplant operation)
He seems to have already forgotten the snow Texas had
Matt don't let anyone stop you from putting that M2 on your firetruck
Matt, if you mount a M-2 on that roof you need the mod for the front window, unless its already been done........... or you will break the glass!  Just a heads up!!
8:34 “More saving, more doing. That’s the power of the Home Depot”
build a platform over the tank. would give you walking room and a place to build the manifold.
Axes, shovels, log rolling bars(cant hooks), maybe a chainsaw or two, saws, PPE, smaller fire extinguishers, straps, etc... You definitely need some gas cans or jugs as well.
4170 lbs is the total weight of the Water in the back, Ill do the conversion yall!
No Matt ! Most of the weight should always be forward of the axle or centered between the two axle !!  35 year's of truck driven experience!
Ma deuce………..? I’m tellin Mere!
First
Hey what happened to ur knife company??
Duel inlets from tanks to pump with shut offs, duel outlets 1 to hose, 1 to tank for recirculation to tank
No the only gun you need up front is a water canon imagine you pull up start the pump with a started ( you have to install one) and aim the canon form the truck and you don't have to get out on the small jobs
love the Crape Mertyls.. so pretty but a total mess!
I have no clue about gas engines but electric ones can come with TSS Total stop system for pressure washers so you might be able to do something similar
Maybe paint the white water tank black.
Build a basket rack over the top of the tank...
You need a bypass system with T and valve to switch from your black to white tank
Dude get a spray nozzle that mounts to the front also.
Paint or bed liner the old tank black.
Pumping water from the old white tank that sits and creates green algae doesn't seem like a good idea.. wouldn't you be introducing this water into the new tank 🤷
For the hose I would get a 1" piranha sewer cleaning hose. They are super durable and handle pressures up to 2500 PSI even though that lil pump will never put out that much pressure.
You need to talk to WranglerStar.  He was a wildland firefighter has his own skid setup and all the knowledge for what you want to do.
Yea Matt, you want your tank over that rear axle and the pump and hose right off the back so you can get to it easily. Get a good shovel, axe and fire rake on the front and you should be good to go
Three way valve, and a prv, probably a 250 lb. pop off to return to tank.
Your recirculation system is a simple fix for a 2in pump we use a 1/2 in hose running back to the tank no valves just open its enough bypass to keep the pump cool but not enough to affect pump output
What you are looking for is a recirculating pressure relief valve. Also you can buy pumps that when you are not spraying water it will automatically idle down. There are a lot of things out there in the industry that are awesome gadgets for this type of use. Possibilities are endless.
Fire Support Truck
"But it's never cold here..." I guess you forgot about that whole 'we're stuck in Florida because the entire state froze over' thing already?
You don't need a pressure relief on that type of pump.
Matt, man I need you to think about this. Ma deuce in a side by side with a water cannon on your turret.
I remember August in Texas.  HOT & HUMID!
You could put the old tank up high so it could gravity feed into the new tank when you want to refill it.
Make yourself a manifold for sure, input side a tap from the tank, a tap for connecting another suction hose. The output side have a tap to the tank and a tap to the hose. Good thing there is if you have water near the fire can use the suction straight through the pump to the hose and skip waiting to fill the tank
Cheese 🧀
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something i shouldn't have seen about Matt in odoi.Blue again: I only saw the dms
Don’t forget the polanski’s lol
Just fit a bypass valve, a simple 3/4 inch ball valve that you just leave cracked open a bit, you don't need a lot of flow to keep the pump from overheating.  Popoff valves can break and will only work when the pump is working hard. In fire, we keep things as simple as possible so just craking a ball valve is the way to go.   I can draw you up the full piping layout if you want, 30 odd years of wildland firefighting means I know how to set up a truck.
Never say never. Remember last year.
Hey Matt got fans all the way in south Africa well done man huge supporter of your positive video 🙏💪keep them going man
You need another one. One for water, another for beer 🍻
A thought regarding the batteries dying all the time: Maybe think about putting a dis-connector switch like they have on tractors on all your big trucks that you use occasionally? (fire truck, 5-ton, other?) Just a thought. Anyway, love the vids.
The cricket noise here is so loud I can't tell there is one on the video.
Finally here!
You should have a battery disconnector in the Chief, as it supposedly will be most of the time stopped and waiting for duty, more than in regular use.
Turret nozzle build ?
Take it to a weighbridge, you should be able to move the weight back & forth until you balance the axles.
Its finally here.....Crickets!
Post10 can help
I wouldn’t hard pipe it to the pump, you will still have movement in your tank or your pump.
What about when the tank is half empty  and it sloshes backwards?  Wouldn't  closer to the cab help with the center of gravity?
NF YEA !
You dont, need an axe, you need an axe Launcher. Just don't ask mere
You’re going to want to top fill not bottom fill. Otherwise you’ll be fight the head of the water when filling and you won’t pump as fast
The 5000 lb rating is a very conservative number, you will be amazed how much this thing will haul
Ur mom's's toy? Huhuhu. Sorry, had to.
You can put a wire "cage" (think colander-ish) around those drains to increase their perimeter and allow them to have a greater ability to withstand clogging.
It rains in Texas? 🤔💭
Can you do like a drawing to come and shoot with you?
Hiiii Matt!!!!!
Matt you put a flatload with the 1 3/4 hose with a metal box in the front of the bed buy the cab and put a cabinet underneath the hose lay for forestry tools with a chainsaw.  Just a suggestion also you can put a nother hard line from the pump to the tank so the pump doesn't over heat but you need to have a nother 2 inch fitting to put into the tank. If I was able to send you a picture of our brush truck I would to give you an idea of what we have. Or you can look our website up. Crawford township volunteer fire department in currituck nc.
How are we just now meeting Jarvis the ranch hand
Love the 5 mins at the start on drains for the dads.
You need a metal shop to make some 10 gauge strap/brackets to hold that tank down. Make it like a U with a 6 or even 10 inch flange out so you can bolt it down to the bed with carriage bolts. Don't trust nylon straps man, they snap over time.
Cody from wranglerstar could help you work out what tools you need!
awesome magic trick!
Wheres the Skiff knives plug - is that no longer a thing ?
Having a firetruck that may not start when you need it because you're trying to save a few bucks somehow sounds like a bad idea. 🤣
Why are you yelling
Quarantined from school 💀
You shouldn't have rocks against your house. Creates a natural path for the water to your house. You should build up the grade with soil. Not rocks.
Wow
Hey Matt here’s a Suggestion..... take your truck to a fire station and ask the guys to help you outfit your truck with proper firefighting equipment. I’m sure they would be more than happy to help you out.
Yeah that tank will never get empty!!
If u want to be fighting fires with it I would get some bunker gear and maybe a SCBA
Fire trucks have recirculating systems to avoid heating the pumps. How do I know? I forgot to use it once.
is Jarvis also the camera guy for demolition ranch? I’ve always wondered who the camera guy is over there.
Good morning matt hey i can be your ful time mechanic
When did you get an Escalade?
Thanks for the feet pics Matt
Good, I was hoping you would get a better system Matt 👍
You should have a pressure release valve on that tank its gonna heat up a lot and build up pressure
Jarvis was such a help to Iron Man and the Avengers I'm not surprised he was able to help you. ;o)
Hi, Jarvis.
"but it's never cold here it's Texas" - yeah ok 😅
What happened to the dog
I think you should use litres and kilos when you explaining from now on...
how about bigger catch basin drains instead of those small square drains..
Love your vids man hope your doing well
LOL @8:02 "that's what she said". HAHAHA
I Just Loved when yuo sayt a Kricket IS in here and yuo locket around and i lovet it
Hi
Good morning Matt. Hope you and the fam have a blessed day. Keep it rolling bro.
Tanks Matt - you a bright spot in my day.
Who else thought they was moving? Into the new house 🏠
"Its never cold here" says the guy who had 5 degree weather last winter!
Early doors! Greetings from London
Have you found the hydraulic controls to tilt the cab forward yet? They are on the left side just behind the cab👍🇬🇧👍 Check out Andrew Camarata channel, buying a military cargo truck.
Gate city foundation and drainage ( a YouTuber) would be the guy to call! He 100% get you fixed up even more.
first!!!
Post 10 needs to come help Matt
Clogged drains? Call Post 10. ...
We all love you Mat.❤️ Keep up the good work 💪
8.34 pounds water weights lol
I just want content on the new house.
Can't wait to see the final truck. Somehow I'm so hooked to that specific build.
Outside
My buddies house got 2 foot of rain in his basement after this big rain. Love the video👍
Cuda cumuda
It's never cold in Texas, except for last winter when the grid went down because of the record cold.  No worries though, if it gets that cold again, the tank will freeze solid and you won't be able to pump water anyway.
Love your shit Matt never stop 🤟🏽
Morning Matt, an idea on what to do with the AMX mid engine car. Lets turn it into a speed boat, someone did this with a truck but I believe the AMX would be more suited
Call Post 10.  Haha
Hi
You can't read my name
Early
Can't read my name
Hey Matt are you going to keep your currant house and rent it out after you move?
You can't read my name
Who knew ranch went so good with breakfast!
You can't read my name 🚫⛔
Demolitia member from PH. Never been this early.
#post10
75th!
Oh man this is gonna be friggin awesome! Always great to see fresh content from this great channel
Love you and your family and ceep up the good work
I’m early great video the fire truck is looking great I love the new tank.  Can we another house update I miss those videos. What you need to do with the back pump system is when you have a pipe running from the tank to pump have a valve to block of the pipe then have a split of going to the tank in another spot in your output that can be attached and have a hose to attach to the other tank running to your input and that might get you what you need
What if you put a screen under each drain
You need Post10 at your house to keep the drains clear @post10
i get bullyed at school cus i love gun and i just watch ur videos and makes me think that its ok cus theres nun wrong with it and u have inspired me and even tho i broke my choller bone i still love shooting guns thx matt ur the best
How many backpacks full of school supplies does it take to stop a bullet?
First to comment...
Call the barracuda the barbaricuda
I see you got some competition with the "look at that view" from @WhistlinDiesel 🤣🍻
Wet t-shirt contest winner 2021!
Let's go FINALLY early on an Off The  Ranch (I should be sleeping but meh)
https://youtube.com/channel/UCsCNU-ptlze2tqAJSDeVGNQ If you keep having drain problems...
Awesome way to start the day especially with the card trick!
that's not a houses update
very exited It's Finally Here!!!!!  the world itself: raining   me: i do have some questions hmmm is it a happy day ?
Saludos desde New Braunfels Texas
Loosing interest in watching you and your boring videos. Go back to basic and bring the fun back.
Oooooooo. I can’t wait for the cuta build
Good morning!  Viewing within 3 minutes of posting, I feel like the early bird today.  The joys of home ownership, I had the same level of excitement over new gutters and water management at my house!
Demolitia
Actually got it 3 min in lol
Only 26 comments.. Quick clicking today
first
It’s a good day to watch Off The Ranch👊
You need Post10 to unclog your drains
GOT HERE FIRST 3 MINUTES WOOOOOOO
Hi Matt, have a great day
Day 134 of asking for a vid: How bulletproof are bullets?
Hi
In under 500..... a rarity!!
Love ya content man keep it up
Nice! A new firetruck episode
Great way to start a Thursday.
What did you do now?
Last
Yoooooo
Nice
Earlyyyy🥳
Yessir ! Cant wait to sit down and watch this later no time atm 😅💪
Hi
Yay I was 100th person to like
Nice just finished last one
What's up matt
Yes!!!
10th here
RKO
Keep it up man love the videos
Don’t tell mare!
Hey matt
Oh yeah!!
comment #10  Anyone see the new convertible at 14:18? new car tour Matt!!
Hey mattt.love the vid. Buy me raycon .plez
Earliest I've ever been here
No wayyyy
Ur the best Matt God bless!!! Love from Amery Wisconsin
Never been this early woooop wooooop
Whats poppin.
First
let’s goooo!!!!!
First
Thanks Matt. I won’t tell
First comment
First one here😎
