Fall of the house of usher. That's all I can think of now whenever I hear the sackler's names
It’s not only bigpharma or the slackers fault entirely but also the doctors who failed to acknowledge the fact that there own patients were becoming addicted right in fort of them. The idea that doctors didn’t know oxy isn’t addictive is a lie, any drug related to morphine is inherently addictive and we’ve known this for hundreds of years. However most if not all of the blame is being placed on companies who yes sold the drug however the doctors prescribing the drugs are equally at fault as the sucklers.
Sie me arrest me idc I will kill a sackler I lost count of how many people I've lost over the last 30 years and a quick death is better than that bloodline derserves
John Oliver a rich British freak.😮 Aye matey?😂
Anybody else think Kathy Sackler looks like Lewis Black?
The point that she's making there is that thanks the disastrous SCOTUS ruling of 1886 we have to regard corporations as people, so individual people never get any on em. Its ridiculous, the corporation didn't do it, the people did.
Everyone I grew up with is dead or addicted.... as a victim... I've seen NO REMEDY
They also made Fentanyl
Thank you, John, for this very imprtant expose.
You forgot about another set of victims of this mess.  Those who can no longer get pain medications for chronic pain. As a  result of this mess that Perdue and other companies have created, the DEA now treats all doctors as suspect.  This has caused many chronic pain patients to be cut off and then they have killed themselves, or worse went to the illicit street drug supply and then died of Fentanyl overdose.  This madness literally came to roost just 2 years ago for my family.  My grandmother was on hospice dying from stage 4 metastatic lung cancer and had literally weeks to live was denied certain pain medications because "she might become addicted."  It was really tough for me to not unalive that doctor on the spot.
Jews
A rich group of people use the courts to stay rich and avoid responsibility for the lives of people they killed to get rich? Where was this? America? Sound about right.
i am waiting for part IV .. what bunch of shitheads
I hate this family as much as the next guy and it makes me livid knowing how much money they have. That to say, the FDA and our government is to blame. They are the ones who approved OxyContin in 11 months, endorsing the erroneous claims made on the label. The FDA had the power to drag that process out and question the drugs potential to be tampered with. Had the FDA done their due diligence,  they could have forced Perdue Pharma to reformulate with a tamperproof  version before ever getting approval.  We as a society did not NEED OxyContin  desperately enough to approve the drug in 11 months. MS Contin was doing just fine, this was all about greed. You can assume this level of greed is present in many corporations. That’s why we have government regulators to begin with.
7:08 Zach Hadel
John did a great job with the show during the pandemic. What a weird time... when 75% of us made every effort to avoid getting a deadly disease and 25% of us stormed the Capitol building wearing flags and Buffalo helmets.
Crazy country! children go to jail for selling drugs in the street while purdue make billions selling the same shit legally!
They sold the website 🙄 thanks for selling out John Oliver… or should we say John secklar olivercontin?
Funny hats back at it again
that is antisemitic
1:14 If you listen very closely you can hear the ghosts of The Isley Brothers screaming "Oh God, make it stop!"
How do people like this guy. This guy hates America and Americans and what makes it even worse is his British accent 🤡
Watch Dopesick series!!  The Sacklers planned the oxycontin pill distribution since 1988!!  They had the MScontin pill in hospitals by the 90s and had oxys handed to Americans in bottles by 1996.  They destroyed millions of lives.
You’re a legend
Can you see through money? Justice may be hiding behind it! Greed from both ends gets us no where.
Well said John. I was seriously injured in early 2000 at work. The entire experience from that day to right now 12-11-24 has completely ruined my life.
an update on this seems to be that in June 2024, the SCOTUS ruled 5-4 to strike down the settlement plan, partly because of how it would protect the Sacklers. So they didn't get their deal, but the victims also didn't get the payout many wanted.
Hey John just cool it with the antisemitic remarks.
It's time in America for courts to pierce the corporate veil.
Sacklers are J****h just so you know
Need a follow up.
Can you just imagine how Republicans are going to feel when they finally accept the fact our unhacked deregulated exploitation of fossil fuels  destroyed the environment casing our own demise and bringing about our 6th major extinction . When I see that lone Polar bear sitting on what's left of his endless Ice  territory  I think immediately about those Republicans in congress making light of the planets health ..
Oxycodone was first synthesized in 1917. It became a huge health crisis in Germany in the late 1920s until it became a prescription-only-medication although Aldolf Hitler apparently injected oxycodone (brand name Eukadol) from late 1941 until 1945.  Then in 1950 Percodan & Percoset were introduced into the US. Each tablet only contained 5mg of oxycodone but since a person could be prescribed up to 8 tablets of either one per day, that allowed doctor shopping to provide a total of 80mg of oxycodone per day. By the 1980s it was a major killer within certain circles.  So the Sackler family had access to over 8 decades of warnings including tens of thousands of autopsies that showed abusers WERE taking large doses.  With that in mind they then chose to produce a formulation that allowed up to 160mg PER TABLET.  Oxycodone is synthetically simple being made from codeine or thebaine, both natural compounds found in certain species of poppy. It's hard to find bulk prices but Pharmacompass gives prices between $3500-$9500/Kg.  Even given the higher price, when you consider that people are apparently prepared to pay up to $1/mg, it doesn't take a genius to work out that a sophisticated criminal enterprise could produce very accurate imitations. Now generic versions of Oxycontin are available, as long as it comes as a tablet packaged in blister packs themselves placed within boxes, that $9500 becomes $1 million.  In fact, it's very likely to be MORE profitable than fentanyl BECAUSE people are prepared to pay so much more for it.
What do you have against linguists?
Sackler Family Cartel
The best part is that for some reason it went to the supreme court and was decided just recently. They threw it out because shielding the family is unconstitutional. I can't wait to see his reaction to that. It will be eoic
The fact that they managed to bald facedly claim that opioids were non addictive, which is something we have knows for 1000s of years (The earliest reference to opium growth and use being around  3,400 B.C),  means that we can't trust anything the pharmaceutical companies or their regulators say.
4:10 Many worked at the company??? They don't even know how work looks like...
I guess Jon got his 10 billion because that website is still registered, but has no content
The US Supreme Court has struck down a part of the bankruptcy deal for Purdue Pharma that would have shielded members of the Sackler family from future lawsuits over their role in fuelling the opioid crisis.
Thank you John Oliver and team for highlighting the opioid crisis and especially the greed and destruction one very very wealthy American family has done to this country, while they happily remain billionaires at the expense of the so many dead due to the making of OxyContin.
AF in
Nice job never once mentioning that the Sacklers are jewish.
Just goes to prove there is no justice, yes we pretend like there is. but really there isn't. None of this family will ever go to prison, but what can happen is they are hounded by us for the rest of there lives, never let them rest, were ever they go.
Still no sign of those documents though...
Sometimes, I'm just glad for the bureaucracy and super strong regulations in Germany, where I live. Sacklers wouldn't have had any chance right here. They tried though...
Well not one but 4 billionnaires died last year, althought not for pursuing a trip to the sun, but to look out for titanic's remains.
This is disgusting! How the **** can these people still live their lives without any real consequences like nothing really happened!? They should have been judged by a fair court, in a place where the system works, and in state which still have the death penalty. The Sacklers should pay the price after destroying the lives of millions of Americans with families. Horrified by the pure evil of this family and the amount of corruption and hypocrisy of the American «system».
Free Big Meech😂
our leaders have perfected corruption by making it completely legal… it’s true of everything they do - from corporations facing no significant consequences for highly illegal and unethical things they do to gerrymandering to (legal bribery) lobbying to human rights to corporate greed… the list is too long and complicated to continue.  Hopelessly depressing
John just gave us a REALLY good business idea 🤩🙃
Never forget. 911 WAS an inside job
This will always be so sad
They looked like sickly trolls in a dungeon singing that in that dark area was as creepy and eerie as I need to see. Yeesh
Two years later and the promised repository is not there.  I am not blaming Oliver (or anyone).  Just wondering why so long?
The Sacklers are an absolute disgrace. Disgusting greed with no care for peoples health or deaths whilst pretending to be a bloody health company. How some of these people aren't in jail is beyond me. Shameful and disgusting.
Opioids, like anything else, is only a problem when abused. Same as alcohol, food, wine and so on, and so on… for the record, food & alcohol kill 20x more than opioids.
Lets not underplay Arthur Sacklers' part in all of this. He designed the playbook that all Pharmaceutical companies use to manipulate doctors into selling their addictive medicine. Raymond and Mortimer did not put together a thought that Arthur hadn't thought for them.   Watch Georg Rockall-Schmidt three part series for more of this.
Lol. He made a joke about wishful thinking about a billionaire dying in space. Well we got the bottom of the ocean. So it kinda came true. Close enough anyway.
This family have no morals … they are shameless … guilty for sure !
It all favors the RICH and companies, which TRUMP gave a tax break to, so they keep more money. Republicans do not care about working people and all the talk does not remove their actions. Corporate greed controls way too much and people need to forget the culture war and vote to CONTROL this mess.
Hearing you say my name was great, but I'm ashamed to share it with that piece of garbage, Joss Sackler 🤬
I don’t know
While he's certainly guilty of innumerable atrocities, That vp admittedly has some pipes
6:00  oh nice...the "Kanzler Scholz"-defence "What? Wirecard? I can't remember'em.  CumEx? Mhh...nah, sry. Can't remember that either...but my wallet does feel heavier, now that u mention it... What?? Force feeding of emetics, even tho I knew it would endager the lives of people...like 'Achidi John' (19), who died because of my decision? nope, no clue."
Seriously, Anna Lembke wrote Drug Dealer MD and Dopamine Nation (she's one of the Stanford gang) which really gets into the nitty gritty of what happens to the brain neurobiologically it's brilliant .... and chilling.  Great expose John 2 years late to the party problem still here.
The right question is how many years of prison they should pay,  and that is more than this lifetime
Here is a question, are are any of those companies that the Sacklers own or have investment in a company called Indivior the makers of Suboxone or any company that manufactures Buprenorphine or naloxone the key ingredients of Suboxone.  Currently there is a monopolistic industry surrounding Suboxone where the company is directly utilising recovery centres prescribing Suboxone to groom and brain wash opioid addicts that they are in recovery who are in 12 step programs and are declaring that it is totally safe to use Suboxone for the rest of their lives, where I cannot find any information on any research that supports that claim.  The issue with Suboxone is that I have not been able to find any recovery centre or doctor willing to aid in the total detoxing of Suboxone for fear of major lawsuits from Indivior in the United States and here in Iceland is one of the best micro model that there is a significant increase in opioid addiction deaths and homelessness in a very short amount of time where Suboxone takes direct part in these conditions.  I have not seen any case where opioid addicts who are on Suboxone that have not relapsed and revert to taking the opioid of their choice and in many cases while the opioid addict is still taking Suboxone causing their death.  I am directly seeing cases where opioid addicts who are taking Suboxone going to 12 step meetings, showing clear signs of opioid behavioural patterns, showing that they are high in meetings, and physical characteristics of still being on opioids i.e. extremely skinny characteristic of opioid addicts physical body frame build up.  I challenge you to research this, goto open 12 step meetings where addicts goto, find out who are on Suboxone, get ethical psychiatrist, psychologist, drug counsellors and even very experienced law enforcement officers that can confirm that individuals who are on Suboxone have all the existing characteristics of opioid addicts who are still on opioids.  Also, research the volume of addicts who are on Suboxone that have died due to overdoses of Suboxone and combination of there opioids, intervals of recidivism from Suboxone back to opioids, brain damage due to long term use of Suboxone infusion to the dopamine receptors, major accidents and deaths that involved individuals on Suboxone while driving cars, flying planes, doing dangerous medical surgeries, law enforcement mistakes, lawyer mistakes in trials and even judges making bad legal judgement while on Suboxone.  Also, check if there are any children who are on Suboxone under the age of 18, you can see where I am going with this.  I see a direct correlation with the marketing of Suboxone and the Sackler Oxycontin/Oxycodone model.
And people be trying to say there’s no white privilege. If you rich and white you can do anything. They single handedly created an epidemic. The world knows Allllllllll this shit, and the government does nothing! 300k plus dead, and no one has to pay for it, smh!
The Sacklers are fictional?
They got off WAY too easy.
To be the Devils Advocate, 69710 overdoses in 2020 is chump numbers.  Alcohol is in the millions.  Smoking is multiples more then that.  And sugar wipes the floor making all these other things look like death from vitamins.  As long as everyone else is doing it, its not so bad.  Opioids needs more users, become more popular, too be in bed with same figures as your local grocery store.  Ya, I'm saying it, your grocery store is the largest drug deal ever in the history of the world and nobody says nothing bad about them.  Except for their wages.  But that's another issue...
Steve Miller....Fly Like An Eagle!!!! John and company do in depth homework snd and research!!!! Hats off!!!
Looked into it... the Supreme Court says they get off free... the fuck...
Take away lesson: one doesnt have to know alot...or almost nothing, can become a rich person. Drop out of school TODAY kiddies!
Fascinating how 'I'm a mom' is of absolutely zero relevance to the issue but people still need to bring up the fact that they have been breeding like we owe them a cookie for it.
Why are there ads now😢😢
Opioid 111... because everyone will love them. And you canr stop it.  Nurses are a major addict of this and doctors
I really like How he has managed to use Humor to spread awareness of important topics. its a win win.
I was hooked on oxycontin for about 10 years. It inevitably led to my father's death. After that my mom started chain smoking from the stress of it all then died horribly from lung cancer. I miss them very much but you'd better FUCKING BELIEVE I'd give my left nut for 60 real crushable 80 mg oxys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No one gets and should get credit for trying to alleviate a problem he created.
I want to be heard!!!!!!!Nobody is helping people that don't want help to get off drugs.  This is  Bullshit. I want  JUSTICE. for my deceased husband's  children  and myself.   God will make every crooked path straight.  JUSTICE is mine sayeth the Lord Jesus
My husband died  at 41 after  recovering from cancer.  He dropped dead at 41. He was an Registered Nurse.  I got ZERO. I lost the love of a lifetime.  They need to pay.  I am an angry widow.  Make it makes sense. I got attorney's and everything.  I am struggling to survive on disability.  They give me 120.00  a month for his death from  social security.  JUSTICE
This horrible group of supposed humans  created a situation that caused me to lose several friends. I don’t have any close, lifelong friends left. But they have billions of dollars. The only consolation I have is that they look like horrible, miserable people.
You Think This Is Going To Be A Serious Piece Then Cutaway To Footage Of A Parody Of The Song Shout From The Movie Masterpiece NATIONAL LAMPOONS ANIMAL HOUSE
National Geographic hasn’t showcased the Very Worst of Predators, because they’re actually behind the camera 🎦  #rosakiore  #☂️ 24:00
Having watched Full Frontal w/Samantha Bee's piece on the Sacklers years ago, when he got to Joss's clothing line, I paused the video and yelled "YES! He's gonna talk about the jackets!" Let's see.  Edit: Damn. Go watch Full Frontal's video as a companion piece.
Lampchops calls the shots... Trust me.
I know what u are. and what they are✡️✡️✡️
Mr Tuttle really gave them the business 😂
So you’re saying the dude’s name is Dick Sackler?
Been waiting over 6 years on the lawsuit to get out of appeals court. I'm not a fan of suing, but after learning the details, it's the principle. They broke the law while ruining peoples' lives all for money.😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬 also, 40% of the money we all MIGHT get goes to the lawyers so the payments are actually $2,100- $28,800!!!
You are brilliant! I'm also a Brit!
19:48 YES, in theory they should have to pay however many billions it takes to fix the epidemic- which is never truly possible bc of all the lives that have already been lost/altered
I'm kinda a miracle after being prescribed Oxycodone at 16 for period pain and taking as many as 8 at one time to ease the agony I was in due to undiagnosed endometriosis only to be denied a refill for the medication when the lawsuits started happening and being made to stop cold turkey without any lasting issues.
"What more do you want?" For 100% of their money amd assets to go to the families of their victims, to helping current victims, to helping people currently suffering from addiction (with rehab, harm reduction, etc.), and for them to be left with nothing.
I'm surprised this guy doesnt support the Sacklers for giving all the addicts what they want. He's already supported the idea of free drugs for addicts at the cost of communities.
Billionaire instead went to the titanic and died there 😂
I feel bad for any of Arthur’s descendants that still have the Sackler name.
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there" Not space... And not one... But it was still beautiful.
who doesn't love a Lambchop reference LOL
11 -4.25 lol, these are in the billions. I cannot yet imagine this much money 😅
Chosen people
I've said it before, I'll say it again: Richard Kind is a national treasure.
I think company wrecking fines should be used in this case good old Richard should be investigated how does he know how much tax to pay when he doesn't know what he has earned
I thought that Oxy song was satire! Oh my god.
Y’all need to update your website
The website no longer works!
Will you please do a segment on Father's committing suicide and how corrupt the family court system is in the US
Kathy Sackler changed from "could have done" to "would have done" in the space of one sentence.  Asked herself what she *could* have done, but then said there was nothing she *would* have done differently.
Psst John, it's time to renew the website click-throughs/etc.
Compare the singing Purdue VP with the song "Gold" sung by Rotti Largo in REPO:The Genetic Opera. Elderly bald mega-salesman taking pleasure in getting rich by making others dangerously addicted to his product? The resemblance is uncanny...
Let me guess…. This is due to MAGA republicans? democrats had nothing to do with this. Right? They are more concerned with giving confused children solutions to their gender affirmation and would never push this kind of stuff on the public. Biden 2024. This second term will fix the country. I swear to god.
Looking forward to the Biden vaccine law suits. This will put this to shame.
How do you turn two proper nouns into a double negative? Sacklers and Trumps.😊
And yet most of the world doesn't have an opioid crisis. Americans have to ask themselves what's wrong with their system. Punishing Purdue Pharma is all well and good but the system that allowed them to thrive is still there: overprescription, advertising drugs on TV, lobbying by these industries, donations to doctors and "research" institutions, etc. The next crisis is just around the corner.
Where were the families while their children were falling apart?
I still remember when Oliver talked about Doctor's being bought dinners and lunches etc to push certain drugs that drug rep's would do. I saw some like 50k and up spent on Doctor's and their office's. I was curious and looked up my Doc and it was recorded at just over a grand and was many years ago. I was proud of my doc.
Brand name Oxy from Purdue was less than 1% of opioids prescribed. Scumbags, absolutely. Bigtime.  However the media and pols have fucked this thing up worse than big Pharma and entertainers like John, whom I like. The breathless outage feedback loop is utterly devoid of perspective or understanding and continues to destroy the futures of legit pain patients. Yea, you John, the fearmongering and outrage equals legit pain patients being cut off from treatment that worked for years. Docs cant get insurance, or the harassment makes it something they can’t practice anymore. Another pain patient paints the wall with his brain. While media and entertainers take their righteous stand. Good intentions? Maybe. Good and just outcome for real people? Nope. Not at all.
Sacklers are the new Hitlers
I do gotta wonder what john would have done if they paid that much for thst site. Probably something of a net positive im sure
Who cares? The entire country may admit that we addicts were created by this corporation, but in the next breath you all call for us to be locked up. One group made a killing by destroying our lives, now another makes millions by scaring tou all into throwing us away. Like we were in the first place. Its not like anyone called for these people to spend a day in jail. Instead, you all call for their victims to be incarcerated
Steve Miller looks like my ball sack after a shave lmfao
Settlements that the real victims will never see a penny of, meanwhile the BAR and the lawyers get richer. That in itself should be considered treason.
Wow with the information we have now that song performance looks like mass satanic ritual
The VP of sales looks like the creepy version of Tommy Wiseau
American Capitalism is broken.  It will not get fixed until people vote out all Republicans and 75% of Democrats
Imagine having the resources to help access every unique experience the universe could offer and the you still have the personality of dry toast. They put on the fancy images but they know the truth deep down. I’m sure the expensive tomb they eventually build will be glorious. It will have to be for the family to take any of that impressive fortune into the afterlife.
Like so many ill-informed, apparently you did not understand what 'PRN' or as needed means.  Nobody forced you to take Percocet.   Who is being denied proper pain management, the poor and minorities.   I have been a substance counselor and nurse since 1978.   You are feeding into a new Drug War hysteria.  You did not mention medication assisted treatment for addictions that has helped millions.  Why? because the fanatics don't like it.   I am been involved in substance abuse treatment my entire adult life, 40 years.  You are not on the side of people in pain because they are poor, but on the side of DEA dry drunk fanatics.   Has the drug war started by my country in 1914 lower addiction?  No, it just filled up our prisons with minorities.  Shame.  A little knowledge sometimes causes great harm.  L P Rockwood PhD LPN
Great to see you doing this, is my memory serving me right but I'm thinking you had a strong view on "anti vaccers". Presumably with all the facts out there and the same systemic protection you'll be voicing against what went on here too.
How does a company have a felony is the company serving the time for it lol
Yeah Purdue deserves everything they get. But my problem with this oxymoron crap it's not all there fault  nobody forced those pill down people throat. Yes they overstepped on how they marked  the oxy, but nobody start crying intill people stated dieing because they took to many pills. It's not all there fault. People that didn't argue or ask questions about those meds but yet it's there all those people died. I'm not trying say Purdue was right. In the way they push those meds but people decide to take the medicine when there are othe options besides oxytocin. I was on them for years. I had cancer. And I was miserable but after I beat cancer I stopped taken the medication. When you think there's a problem or the beginning of problem grow a set and stop. Will be easy NO but make a decision. I'm sure I'm going to piss off alot of  people with my comments. Get over it
He'll as we speck it's easier to get pain meds off the street than a pharmacy. The drug dealer will be the new Walgreens CVS rite add and I heard McKinsey are help the new drug dealer how market how to move better drugs!!! Elephant tranklizer. In a pill format 7:49
The Fall of the House of Usher is still fiction it seems.
Fall of the House of Usher series on Netflix took Purdue as a base storyline. It was disturbingly pleasant to see the story play out thinking "What would happen if the Sacklers became the Ushers?"
I finished watching the fall of the house of usher and it made me think of this video
Just looked it up... Best sprt they paid 6 instead of 10bn and got their immunity.... God bless America
Yo that duer was incredible. John Oliver, your and your team are just hating
The "billionaire goes to space and dies there"-joke didn't age well...
Drs knew it was addictive!!!
Murderers 🕷️
Here after there were two fetanyl drug busts in the bronx smh
We need a 4th episode, Purdue’s settlement has been rejected by the court, which it should be, Sacklers would have got away without much of a dent
Painkiller on Netflix Australia is all about this epidemic.
Update…the constitutionality of this deal is going to be reviewed at the Supreme Court.
Here’s something I’ve been thinking about.  When the drugs come from drug dealers, we hear a lot of, “legalize drugs…don’t jail people for getting high.” When it comes from a corporation, we hear “look at those profit seeking jerks! How dare they?!”  I’m not sure what point I’m making, just something I’ve been trying to wrap my head around.
That's not funny. That's very very sad.😢
'Murica. So corrupt you cant even charge and jail corporate drug lords. Pretty pathetic
One of the bleakest parts of all of this lack of consequences is that knowing that it is going to happen again and unless in unlikely event any significant reforms happen because of it other bad actors basically have a how to guide to limit liability and now precedent to use to avoid criminal conviction.
Go after them for the over prescribed medication as of today it’s bull that all these pharmacies are getting rich off these drugs and medicines aka DRUGS are worthless like a damn coverup unless you are dying then do different things like a better lifestyle
The show Dopesick was so hard to watch, but also so good.
The 90s were so unhinged man
The Sacklers all belong in prison for life for all of the deaths they knowingly caused.
But do you people know that opioids are the only effective medication for certain kinds of pain, stop being myopic
We finally got billionaire goes to sea and dies there.
Compare it to death from cars though
Smash like if you are watching this in 2023 after watching Dopesick.
This IS amerikkka. This country was built for the pale and wealthy- to do WHATEVER they chose without consequence.
I am on oxycodone right now because I have been crying all day due to breaking 2 bones.  I am tired of being in pain and hate taking it because I can't eat or go to the bathroom.  Idk what else to do.  Suggestions?
Richard and the rest of the Sacklers basically killed (murdered?) 10's or 100's of thousands of people and have the gall, the temerity to complain? I hope they all choke on their blood money and yeah, some their kids will be told these things at school. Thank your family for that kids!
Bet if I sold heroin on a street corner for 10 years get caught and then pulled out my finances from street company and set up a foundation to serve the peoples life's I'd destroyed while keeping  the profit the judge would tell me that's not how the law works.
You get caught selling heroin and your looking at as much as a life sentence. You get caught selling heroin pills (oxycontin)  to millions of people and suffer no real consequences. Money always wins in our legal system. Disgusting.
Blood for blood. Or in our society: prison forever or all the money.
I can’t stand this British F, but he’s right on this one.
They got rid of ludes completely and there’s no way they killed more people that Americans lost in Vietnam.  The dirty thing is the White House in two administrations were involved. The cia was growing the poppy while American soldiers guarded their fields. Then if you look at a graph of oxys rise in early 2001-now it mirrors the production of poppy in Afghanistan
Did this video pop up after watching PainKiller in 2023?
From the beginning of time...kinda like that Scientology contract... a billion years.
I miss this show so much!!
They need to go to prison so that CEOs who've pulled similar fraud, negligence, scams also stop... Because as it is, they are basically being awarded for their crimes, which makes lesser crimes silly even to pursue, and hiding behind a corporate entity needs to stop.
If Matthew Broderick / writers, cast, directors does not get an award this year for the row on Netflix painkiller, playing Satan, a.k.a. a CEO at Purdue I will be disappointed. He has broke through the role of sweet ferris Bueller with this one, its about chilling of the FDA approved cancer drug being paid billions to push a pill on someone who’s stubbed a toe leaving many in the ocean, trying to climb Jacobs ladder back to the ship. And this will put away the stigma of a loved one & how they struggled, and/or trying to make it back to you on the shore.
If the Sacklers are not brought to justice in this life, they will be in the next life, and it will be worse
Addictive in less than 1% ! Absolutely criminal ! Biggest lie ever !!!
Sackler family is jewish, so no surprise
Remember this when you think about getting the next jab!  It is just about corruption, greed and power.
Thank you ❤
Please drop the 4th installment, maybe you could follow the family around, interview people at their private clubs, ask their neighbors about them, just make things less comfortable for them.
Says a lot about America that this terrible Family can make money out of peoples misery. People who were conned into taking Oxy by Doctors who were conned into proscribing it didn’t they could make money and this disgusting Family who made money from this highly dangerous product and who knew right from the start it was habit forming and still pushed it anyway.America it’s not all about making money.The Sacklers, the definition of those dirty words “Drug Pushers”. What about this hypocritical “War on Drugs”,Reagan started it but didn’t stop the Sacklers.
These soulless vultures can die in a river of shite!
Also throw all the doctors in jail I guess? This is fun to threaten people until you have real pain you want to go away
“Billionare goes to space and dies there”  Well it wasn’t space, but the ocean also doesn’t give a shit who lives or dies
Thanks to Rudy Giuliani they got a plea bargain instead of prison…boy are paybacks hell for all these scumbags!!! 🙏🏼💙🌈💪🏾
"I don't know how much I made."
Me or you kill one person we go to jail for a life . Company purposely kills 100,000 people for money , gives jobs and money to political and medical offices and has to pay a fine . U S A U S A !!!🎉
That entire family should be imprisoned a la elizabeth holmes to serve as a warning to elon musk, peter thiel and other rich criminals.
Only in America! They're a third world country! The rest of the world should just let them descend into a civil world and let them destroy themselves! It's what they enjoy doing!
Comedy Gold
It’s amazing that someone who doesn’t know anything could make so much money off the selling of such a destructive drug. I don’t know how that happened. 😂
I wonder if a couple of the Sacklers that were hung were sacrificed to their God Satan??  And how much they donated to the campaigns of the Republicans.
I went through opioid addiction.  Sue ALL the producers!
John Oliver is fake. He waits for society to define a problem and then he pretends that he came up with the idea himself. But he didn’t and he hasn’t and he never will. He is the quintessential Englishman. He adds nothing to society, but wants all the credit. Hey John why do spend so much time criticizing America, but you never mention your country’s genocidal tendencies. Anyone interested in how the English actually treat the rest of the world, crack open a history book and be amazed at the violence, racism, and unadulterated misogyny. That’s who is trying to coach you on ethics. Lol
More Americans should be as outraged as John. Familes lost loved ones while the family got rich and walked away. Justice is now a commodity. You only get it if you have money, and no one cares where the money cmes from.
I’m late to this show obviously, but I cannot fathom how a company can commit fraud for years with something that is obviously very dangerous, and still end up with billions of dollars after fee’s from the lawsuit. They should be drained to 0 and jailed. It’s really really gross…
How about "billionaire goes to the bottom of the ocean and dies ?" Too early ? I'll let myself out...
I love how they got actors to play someone who would eventually be played by Matthew Broderick
I dont understand how nobody talks about the regulators and the lack of regulation - the opioid problem is still happening in the US and yet FDA seem to be doing nothing.
1:30 🤮🤮🤮
Drugs...we can blame one family instead of every boomer who did drugs and then voted for the drug war.
Technically, they could be criminally charged. For behaving like El Chapo? Actually worse since they are able to fuck the system with the illegal money they made? Thank you sooo much for this report John. There’s hope for journalism outside of Fox!
Of course, who could imagine that making synthetic into a pill could have any harmful effects?
"It would be nice to hear more news like: Billionaire goes to space and dies there"
RICO is needed ASAP
Get with it, once you own a multi million company? You can get away with mur*#r. Same as driving a car(man slaughter) the mega rich live in a different system to us normal plebs 😢
Papa, wherefore do the prolitariat claim our good deeds do cause deep anguish in the souls of millions?
WHO CAME TO VISIT after the Netflix series?
I read the other day that a judge has invalidated the agreement between the Sacklers and the feds which kept the Sacklers out of prison. I hope that whole deal gets thrown out and the Sacklers end up where they belong, in prison, for life.
If you were going  to buy the website to show them up you should have kept it! I will buy this site off of you all to keep pressure on now?
anyone watching this from the future where a few billionaires go to the depths of the ocean and die there? not quite space but good enough
Well since Old Uncle Clarence is on the payroll and "Justice Roberts" looks away, I'm certain the Slackers will make a call so SCOTUS rules in their favor. We all know Old Uncle Clarence just welcomes the "hospitality" of his "friends".
Wow the set designers of Painkiller nailed that bookshelf design.
Greed has caused this hideous situation, if they weren't so greedy for money and the regulators weren't also so corrupt things could have been different.
Billionaires go to space and die! 2 years later, it finally happened 😂
who's revisiting after watching PainKiller?  Dopesick was pretty brilliant, too.  Special place in hell for this level of greedy bastards. ///fully support writer's strike, but man do i miss this show///
PLEASE MAKE A PART 4 UPDATE ❤
This video will get a spike in views due to the new Netflix show about this topic.
Why are they not in jail serving hard time?
The more complicated the lawyers make the law, the more likely criminals will get away with murder. This country's lawyers have no intention of making things simple because it means they will be less in demand. Why is this country producing more lawyers than other countries and not engineers or other professionals and why is the political arena full of lawyers???
Real life Batman villains
A tragic timeline, endless war priming the war machine from 2001, housing bubble in 2008, followed by citizens United in 2009, opioids peaks in 2012, priming the generation for 2016, followed by covid in 2020. All this time Americans died while, America generated record profits, broken institutions. 2022 record inflation. 2024 is probably primed for more collapse of the system.
I know this is off the beaten path, but I so do miss John Oliver, his take on these trials with the number of charges against tRump… so who’s here getting their fix on John Oliver..
Think about this, they sold heroin legally like a drug cartel, and then overprescribed the shit out of it… to the tune of hundreds of millions of deaths. If you’re reading this I bet you know somebody or are related to a person who died of a drug overdose stemming from opioids at the prescription level. If your a head burier, should probably start now…
2:59 Is "bottom of the ocean" acceptable?
And the supreme court said they can’t have the settlement in the bankruptcy
Painkiller next few season gonna be light, I hope they add all these wild lawyer takes.
John Oliver speaks the truth so eloquently and wisely.  Respect!
Update Judge Colleen McMahon god bless her very much struck down the Sackler Cartel immunity deal and the Supreme Court upheld her ruling
The vp of sales singing should be jailed
The Supreme Court agrees with you, John.  Non-consensual third-party release is part of the thing holding up the final settlement now 2 years later.  I think part of what hinders this is a Sackler family member saying that even though they agreed to forfeit over 4 billion dollars as part of the settlement since the settlement will be paid over years they may not actually lose any money.  (See your local tax advisor and cpa for more details.)
They will pay with everything they have.
i think we could say some thing of the kind : " The Sackler Family as been involved in 100 more fold of death than the Bin laden family". Sorry I'm french and not a lawyer, do know how to say it better or correctly. and not to forget that most of it happened after the 2007 settlement.
Fun watching this after we got to actually listened to his testimony, also how *the Supreme Court just threw out their deal.
The biggest crime in America is the fake President allowing criminal aliens to invade our country and spread diseases and drugs! When is this criminal VOTER FRAUD President going to be held accountable for the crimes, he has committed?
That joke didn’t age well. “Billionaires go to space and die…” they actually got in a submarine 1 year later.
these sacklers are ghouls and ghouls need to be put back to sleep
If the good news is 'billionaire goes to space and dies there' - is 'multiple billionaires go into the sea and die there' also good? I think so.
3:00 Will the bottom of the ocean suffice? 🛟💣⬇️
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there"  You were so close.  SO CLOSE.
Billionares go to the titanic and die? Good enough?
3:01 I cannot wait for the new shows and all the great jokes about billionaires paying 250k for the full titanic experience
is a submarine good enough to satisfy your billionaire deathwish? :S
We need to put the sacklers on a submarine....
Purdue was almost as cool as Insys.
Billionaire goes to the bottom of the ocean and dies 🎉
3:00 the best we can do is the ocean
The best bit, they won that immunity. They can never be punished, for anything they've done.  So you enjoy that, you can be shot for being black, but some rich white people can kill hundreds of thousands of people and just... walk off... with their money.
"Knowing what i knew then"  If you didn't know OxyContin was as harmful as it was (bullshit, but lets go with it for sake of argument), you fucking should've done. Its an opoid, the same family as heroin. How the hell did you not think there was a possibility that this drug was addictive and tested for it. It represents incompetence of the highest level and does not absolve you of any of the responsibility you hold for this crisis.  "What more could you want?"  Prison. I want prison.
If you hold the Sacklers up beside the Unabomber (Ted Kaczynski), then Ted would seem like an angel of love!  Add to this the fact that Unabomber was mentally warped by CIA "MK ultra" experiments, and Sacklers were messed up  from greed/capitalism and WOW !!  OUR culture is determined to evolve ourselves into a malicious disease!  Better if we had remained primitive hunter gatherers!
The system is working the way it is designed. Its all theatre for the powerful and rich.
Is paying 8billion after making billions an killing millions really justice?
COVID got nothin' on the SACKLERS ..DEATH by OPIOD OVERDOSE, far & away surpasses that of the COVID virus..there's  not a family in the U.S. which has been negatively impacted by the Sacklers ..how they sleep at night is a great, great mystery.. a family of sociopaths with zero empathy - SCARY!
This has been going on for years, yet every day in every place people died from this opiod crisis.  I wondered why the murderers who manufacture, sell, and deal opiods geet awy with murdering thousands, and now millions of people without being charged.
And sadly they got off the hook.
Courts should force the head of Purdue Pharma to feel the joy of taking OxyContin for 6 months and then let him withdraw from those meds that made him billions as it killed others.
I swear if I wrote something and named the bad guy billionaire family "Sackler," I'd be called either a funny satirist or an unoriginal bore. AND YET.
I'm amazed that they (corporate heads) have let him continue this show
15::00 John , There's nothing weird about this .The full name of corporate entities is "" Limited liability companies "" That's what the "" LTD."" stands for .  The whole point of these things is to be able to go in debt w/o any personal liability. It's the reason they were invented !!! In fact for exactly this sort of situation !!!
These people a peddlers of death. They give out pousin for consumption. They just care about their profits. Not the lives of people. Whom they've destroyed.
Great shows! How did they not get a cease and desistis beyond me. Or sued, since the family is so beyond litigious!
Try saying something about zionist control over USA.  Remember what happened to Kanye.  God bless israel, they gotta get paid.
Every time the opioid epidemic is discussed, the first priority should be protecting pain patients who rely on opiate medication. Making sure they aren't discriminated against, mistreated, under-medicated, refused medication by scumbag doctors more worried about liability than their patient's well-being. They have next to nothing to do with the "epidemic". Period. As a matter of fact, if doctors would prescribe, then less people would have to go to the street and risk death. Oxycontin is an amazing drug that is the ONLY source some people have for relief and to have any quality of life whatsoever. And of course Fentanyl, Dilaudid, and other drugs which, when prescribed properly and not abused, are not inherently harmful. It is worth any number of criminals going free to protect even one such patient. Full stop.
lol wow just listing the names of people involved feels anti-semitic. I wonder why that is.
Why hasn’t any of the management, directors / executives, or owners (Sackler family) of Purdue Pharma been charged with any charges when the product they developed, manufactured, and pushed out to the public has killed over 200,000 people over the past 2 decades. Maybe all the millions of dollars they donated to politicians has something to do with it. But our government isn’t corrupt. Sure. Meanwhile the average citizen can go to jail over not obeying the orders from a police officer. But the USA is a free democracy void of corruption. It’s got to the point that members of the highest court in the US blatantly take bribes and brag about it. but there is no corruption. There is definitely no repercussions to these individuals for breaking the laws that are supposed to protect against this sort of behavior. People, the government is supposed to work for us the citizens. Our government is supposed to be fair, in favor of our best interest. This is not being accomplished whatsoever. The way our ELECTED leaders act is totally unacceptable, disgusting, and shameful. With trump trying to overthrow our last election, democracy in our country is on the brink of failure. We as citizens have to take back our power as the people, united as one, to get the criminals out of our government and put in politicians that have integrity and are accountable for their actions.
This shit destroyed my life for 9 years from the age of 15-24, i am now currently doing better by miles, but wasting almost a decade of my life chasing this shit has put me in a pretty shitty spot and I'm now trying to put my life back together and it hasn't been easy.
Ugh. Time to go watch the ending of Ready or Not again.
It's often said that for some people, a fine is just a tax for doing what you want. Like all taxes, if you have enough money to comfortably pay them, you have enough money to dodge them. This deal is exactly that
The only difference between the Sackler family and Pablo Escobar is that Escobar didn't have FDA approval.
I have to be on opiates for pain. I've tried everything else and it's the only thing that works. And it's Fine!! People ruin it for us who actually need them.
I’m late as shit but create that forum for them John. You have a major following and huge platform. I can see it!
People with this kind of money will never, ever, ever suffer in the least. They have enough money to buy  more money, regardless of how much money they "lose". They have no idea what suffer even means.
OMG!!! The part about "opioid abatement" makes me want to burn things to the ground.
John’s point towards the end there is just perfect. It’s not about how much they should have to pay, but rather how much they should be allowed to keep. No billions, indeed. They can still live in incredibly excessive luxury with just a tenth of a billion, so the proposition that they pay 4bn over a long stretch of time is asinine.
18:25, unfortunately the Sacklers and their Pharmaceutical empire dont give a sh*t.
A large % of those 70K deaths resulted from combining more than one drug together. Fentanyl + Heroin + Klonopin(Benzodiazepine) = Massive Respiratory depression & death.  Unpolluted heroin, ie; Fentanyl free heroin is far safer than many legal drugs!
Moving on……
WTF? Just finished watching  All The Beauty And The Bloodshed. Wanted to watch this episode to get a little more outraged at the Sacklers. Basically all of your show isn’t on HBO Max anymore, what am I paying for?
Sacklers are evil.
I was born and raised in White Plains. It was a great place to grow up in the 80's and 90's.
I'm starting to think Mr. Oliver is the comic punching down.  Doesn't do the research.  Doesn't ever have any staff or writers on.  Takes all the credit.  And admits he was a jerk when younger, yet married an American woman to stay in NYC.....  Just saying - it ain't Chappelle.
Best friend spent 5 years in prison for a small roach (joint)in his car. These mther fkers need everything all of anything they have and there kids and their kids and they need to be in prison.They didnt just ruin the individuals life they absolutely fkn demolished the entire fkn family. BURN IN HELL MOTHER FUKERS
I'm glad that the Sacklers' evil name has been eradicated from so many of their pet philanthropic projects.  Blood money.
Wow, Kathy is really pretty
Great piece. Watch a limited series called 'Dope Sick' for more about this insane matter.
Today, the US. senate voted in large majority to denounce Socialism.  Meanwhile, THIS shit is widely accepted as just a normal under capitalism. As an example of "the system works".
The Arthur wing of the Sackler family was to Valium what the other Sacklers are to Oxy. They are all horrible.
the johm im the videos is much older then the one in the thumbnail for youtube asking you to buy it
These people are so full of shit. They only care about money
Y'know all that anti-heroin campaigning we did for school kids back in the day? Well let's just prescribe those same people a drug that is over 100x more addictive and dangerous than heroin! The age of the oxy has passed, and evolved into the ERA OF THE FENT Heroin is somehow safer than a lot of these opioids and made more dangerous when it's laced with one of them. I don't see the need to dilly dally around, let's just legalize heroin already!
Thank you for continually highlighting the evil of the Sackler family and the harm they wrought
Escobar, El Chapo, Sacklers, what's the difference?
What a bunch of Sacklers.
Either I have good guesses or idk just saying
Field of dreams?
And other actors? Robin Williams?
What happened to Anthony Bourdain?
Comments disabled for 60 mins Australia you tube?
More poeple died that year from alcohol related deaths, it's the same every year.  So where are your alcohol epidemic episodes?
Came back here after reading the “Empire of Pain”
Yeah but most people hooked are actualy unable to kick drugs because of underlying mental health issues. And the sackler family didnt cause the mental health epidemic. Blaming them for hundreads of thousands of deaths is like blaming homelessness on crack or meth; then pretending if the drugs dissapeared the issue would go away
I just heard on the radio today (NPR) that other companies, Mellelkrodt for one, are producing and selling tons more opiates than the Sacklers ever did. So there's that.
I mean, f*** the sacklers, but also all the health professionals who prescribe the opioids without thinking it trough must held accountable. I had a friend working  at the National Institute of Psychiatry in Mexico in substance abuse ward, and he told me many migrants were deported and abused opioids and when he examine the patient's history there was not a single justification under any clinical pathway to prescribe opioids (funny enough many of the patients claimed that the might try to go back again to the USA because it was easier for them to get "their medicine" in your country. They never showed again. I'm not saying they payed thousand of dollars to a coyote and risk their life and patrimony just because some idiot doctor in the USA was unable to actually care for their patients. Maybe that patient never showed again because he decided to move to Baja to enjoy life, or maybe he died from a f**k**g overdose of fentanyl
David Sackler gives off serious Cousin Greg vibes.
Presenté 🇲🇽
When a drug lord (heck, even the average dealer) pushes product onto the street, where people know it's harmful, they can be prosecuted for everything they've got; their profits and more in punitive damages. When aristocrats push their dangerous products into doctors offices, they can make billions in profit and be PROTECTED by the law
Please take what I’m about to say with a grain of salt. Why is no one blaming the doctors? They are the ones that have gone to school and was taught pharmacology not some sales rep. Your doctor is the one to keep you safe. I 100% believe these guys should be jailed for what they did but we can’t over look the doctors.
Just finished watching the series dopesick. Purdue Pharma is the definition of evil empire. So many people in our community are trapped within this drug. I'm glad that they're not making it anymore, but these people should be in prison for all of the shit they caused.
Dumb old fossils. They just dont care for the world. The world would be so much better when the current 70 year olds get replaced with 35-50 year olds
Just finishing reading Empire of Pain. This is was a great video to watch while reading this in depth book
IF YOU WANT TO FIND OUT MORE WITH 'EMPIRE OF PAIN' BOOK
What makes me mad is the DEA and DOJ prosecute their pill pushers but can’t touch them, it so fucked up
This is so damn disgusting.  The rich taking advantage of the public all for the almighty dollar.  Profit before People is every corporations motto. I used to work at a local hospital where drug luncheons were held every week.  The reps came in with food, little goodies with the drug that they happen to be pushing that week.  Drug Reps = Pimp daddies and mommies.  They make me sick!
The Sackless family has directly or indirectly killed more Americans then all our wars combined.
You don't have to sue the Sackler's: the system is designed for them and not the rest of us. All you have to do is deprive all of them of life, permanently. Bullet, knife, hanging, whatever. The ONLY accountability is death... and that includes via the direct action of the parent, spouse, child, etc... of a victim.
Why John shitting on White Plains 😭 It's a really nice city
Just as evil as the pharma companies are the management consulting companies (e.g. McKinsey) that advised the pharma companies on how to sell more of those pills
Terrific research and information.  But man John Oliver's stupid anecdotes and quips are annoying as hell.
To be fair $2500 is overpriced as VALLA for a website. It takes literally no labor to host it, only machines built by laborers overseas in sweatshops. Domains aren’t worth more than like $50
Thats when a "jewishcourtsystem" protects there Bro's.  Sackler would never come there as nonjewish!
Purdue changed its name to knoa pharma in 2021
I used to watch Lambchop. 🥰
Came here after watching dopesick
Sacking the Sacklers won’t be applicable in this situation I guess.
LLC
I’m watching Dopesick now and it’s evil what Purdue and the Sackler family did with Oxycotin
They were found guilty, and bear responsibility for 400,000 deaths. They are still free, rich and allowed to sell their pills.  We are living in a wonderful time.
Thank you. This was so educational, I'm in Australia and I know of this wicked family. I watch another youtube channel as well called 'The Life Boat' that really focuses on educating people on drugs and living happily in sobriety. Recently they did a great show about the history of this freakin psychotic family! I learnt a lot. They'll have more shows about it. They have a live stream at 5pm (USA Pacific Time) everyday except Wed and Thurs. There is a live chat. Its a great non judgemental place  and they are extremely knowledgable with topics to do with addiction, drugs and sobriety.  This channel and other ones like this are really needed to educate people about this hideously evil family. Thank you again for your video. Please be safe everyone.
Well done team. And as for the Sacklers - what a cunch of bunts.
I live next to White Plains, learned something new and pathetic about this city…
It would be justice if a Sackler became addicted to opioids....  Mind you though these people are reprehensible they certainly aren't the only ones who profit from human misery....
These people developed and sold drugs. They're just drug dealers...... Nothing else.
OxyContin is Heroin, why would a Doctor prescribe Heroin for pain. These doctors do have University Degrees right, so they should know that heroin is not good for a headache.  I guess it's America and free, and you can be stupid if you want to be.  But the Sacklers are Criminals and also Murderers and need to be in JAIL for all the people that died, and  the  millions of people now hooked on heroin, fentanyl and other OxyContin Heroin Pills. This Crisis is only going to get worse!   - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUx3n_wEaEU&list=PL6Zyiv5TkLzytBDihZnJ-IWElY383-yQq&index=8&ab_channel=OptionsOkanaganTreatmentCenter
This is precisely why I never rejoice when I hear of anything happening to corporations (bankruptcy, fines, breakup). The puppeteers (to pick up on John's analogy) just extricate themselves as from a glove (usually with fat severance and bonus pay) and put on the next puppet. Another good analogy would be parasites.
Close the border— fentanyl is coming over in heapssssss
they killed people, they should all get the chair
When you have that slimy YouTube Lawyer Legal Eagle hating on you, you’re doing something right John. Smashing good work!
the system works EXACTLY as designed, this is america
The family is still is 14billion strong
Corporations are people too thanks to Citizens United. You know, people immune to criminal prosecution.
That's anti-Semitic
The problem is Judge Robert Drain. It says on Reuters (Dec 17, 2021) that his moronic decision WAS OVERTURNED by a US district judge. The Justice system MUST do WHATEVER IT TAKES to bring the Sacklers down to ZERO. However many court cases and millions of hours of legal costs, BLEED THEM FULLY BANKRUPT. This is the only way others will learn not to try this again, over the next decades.
6:00 the guy they have playing Richard Sackler in Dopesick sounds and talks JUST LIKE the real Richard Sackler. Great acting.  Oh, also, what a scumbag R Sackler is!
Who in the hell is this guy? Talent like that is very rare, and John Oliver, thank you. It's not just me but many people are grateful for helping us get through covid-19 and all the crazy things that have been happening since.
Ok. Watch you i like not you. But i dont undesten everyting   I fijee wight jak to się pisze .
I think another American health epidemic would be mental health
FDA-approved medications that are still on the market
DOPESICK
The Sacklers should have been completely stripped.  Disgusting family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgoDvnebHRw&ab_channel=Movieclips
Still prefer Michael Keaton
On the flip side, the actions of these wankers, peddling to get folks addicted has also made it super fucking difficult for someone like me, who needs actual heavy pain relief, on rare occasions, to get a supply. Hell, I don't even like having to use the stuff (only a few times in a month, when the pain is intolerable), but sometimes, I just need to take the edge off of the pain, so that I can function. Would love it if someone could develop a medication that would stop the pain without the fuzzy-brain factor....hate that part!
Is there any doubt that the united states is the most corrupt country in the planet???  I mean, theres no drug dealer more powerful than the sackler family. Not pablo, not chapo. They wont have to spend a day in jail and they will get to keep their billions (!), even though they are responsible for the death of tens of thousands.  And you say that south of the border is the "cartel" problem....
the Sacklers deserve death penalty
I just googled "judge for yourselves" with no clarifying properties. Just those 3 words. And Johns site was the first result. Thank the freaking lord.
Maybe opioids can kill corona virus?
Just watched Dopesick. It was both a great show, and a sad look into our political atmosphere. Corporations can buy legislators and regulators, and face no real consequences for their crimes against humanity.
Go johnny go go
Diminishing linguist's job is very unappropriate. I dont what they do most of the time, but they are paid, so they are useful in some manner. What i want to say, that i understand Mr Oliver roasted Mrs Sacler, he also insulted the enite proffession for no reason.
I love America its an embarrassing burning circus fire where the only people hurt is the audience, hope it burns down soon😅
Can anyone tell me the name of the actor depicting David Sackler here?
Ready to know what the Golden Trump Card is.... it's kinda petty of me... to enjoy rubbing salt in  So here IT is.  When it comes to evil foundations ... those who are waiting in line to receive the MARK OF THE VOID  Trump- your not near the front of the line... sorry but i  know it HURTS ... but there's worse than YOU out there ...   To the Sackler Family  You have been officially warned ⚠️... You have 40 days and 40 nights to Repent to the Universe and present the World with a Redemption plan.   Word of Warning ⚠️  To the entire Universe  If YOU knowingly trade, support, serve, cooperate with a Foundation, business, cooperation that has been Given the Mark of the VOID. - i promise it will leave a mark on Your SOUL that your need to answer for.
All I can say after this piece is, usual suspects.
I though purdue was the chicken processors. Hmmmmm. Look at my re-education.
Thank you for making all of these episodes that make us all aware of what is going wrong in the world.
Can anyone explain the comment about the early 90s and the "really remind people they're there" about the Twin Towers? Is he saying that may have contributed to them being targeted? They were a prominent part of the New York skyline.. you couldn't help but notice them
Workers should own and control the means of production.
Dear Trump  When the LORD gave me gifts 🎁  My favorite is the Golden Trump Card. It's needs to be soaked before Use!  The Best part- Your still not the Most evil Viruse the Card was made for... Your just a side benefit   Oh how i long to give the Gift to the real Fountain of the Adyss pouring into America 🇺🇸....   i will show YOU just how kind and merciful GOD is .... When i break open this sealed scroll 📜
CBD has been shown to be drug sparring and medical cannabis not only safer but with higher benefits and quality of life - so much quality of life there is not ONE DEATH ☠️.  Perdue are Mass murderers who knew the associated risks and pedalled it anyway. We all learn the risks of what we sell - saying otherwise is negligence
I am not American, nor do I know anyone who's been affected by the reckless sale of opioids by this terrible company, but after watching this pitch, I couldn't help but think: Thank you, John Oliver.
I was addicted to oxicontin because it became easier to find than heroin. That’s not a joke or an exaggeration. I shot heroin for years and years until oxi came along. Before the $1 a milligram boom, we were getting 30’s for $5, and 60’s for $8. The first ones melted just like a K-4 or K-8 dilaudid. No heat necessary.  Then fentanyl came along. I’ve done China white…90+ percent pure heroin. I have done pharmaceutical diamorphine (pure heroin.) I have NEVER been higher than fentanyl can accomplish. Point being….here in the South East, ESPECIALLY Florida, where pill mills and doctor shopping originated and was perfected, pills were easier to find than heroin. It’s gotten so prevalent that even the cartels in Mexico are now processing illegal narcotics to look like big-pharma produced drugs. That’s how the Sacklers have influenced the illegal drug game. That’s a fact
I was going to go in the military. I stepped in a hole on my birthday. Dr gave me too much pain meds. I never looked back I even went to prison for obtaining or distributing  schedule II (pills)outside the scope of normal medical use. They got out of it and I went to prison.
then why let a stupid er do it unless you all even stupider
dont think so
would you let a stupid like me enforce the law ?
all law enforcer must do it first to test their knowledge of law before enforcing
get it wrong pull thde trigger
a russian roulette stupid answer law
it is me i think
till the last man standing
or lock up till rehab stupid
hey can we put in a stupid  must hang
ALL THE UNFAIR WRONGFULLY LAW MUST GO
ALL ADDICTION RELATED MUST GO
ALL OTHER HARMFUL PRODUCT TOO MUST RECIEVE THE SAME TREATMENT AND PUNISHMENT OF HARMING SOCIETY
TOO BAD IF THE PUBLIC IS IN PAIN OR NOT CAUSE IM IN PAIN AND IT  IS ILLEGAL AND RECIEVED  PUNISHMENT FOR PAIN RELIEF
IT IS ILLEGAL THEN ALL CHEMIST ARE ILEGITIMATE AND CRIMINAL ..MUST EITHER TOTALLY COMPLETELY DESTROY ALL STOCK OF ILEGALY AND FIND SOME OTHER MEDICINE FOR TREATMENT OF DESEASE AND SICKNESS
OR HAVE NO KNOWLEDGE OF WHAT IT IS YOU PRESCRIBE THEN IT IS LIABLY MURDER
I INSIST YOU DOCTOR MUST TAKE SOME BEFORE YOU GO ABOUT  TREATING WITH OUT THE KNOW HOW
IT YOUR MED YOU NEED TO TASTE YOUR MEDICINE
LET US TEST ALL PUBLIC WORKER THEN LOCK YOU UP TO SEE DOES IT WORK RIGHT
YES YOU USE A LOBSTER MEAL TO TALK FOR YOU IN A LORRY LOBBY
I DONT KNOW BUT DID A GREEDY DOCTOR AND CHEMIST LIKE YOU CUNT DID OR DID NOT MIX UP THE COVID 19 BIRD FLU AND MULTIPLE GREEDY VACCINES SHIT ?
FOR FLU AND COLD  YOU GUY PRESCRIBE METHAMPHETAMINE FOR PAIN YOU PRESCRIBE OPIOD OR NOT
SELL MORE SYNTHETIC OPIOD
WHY YOU NOT DO THAT ALL THESE TIME?
YOU RESEARCH SLOW RELEASE SO RESEARCH A METHOD OF CURE AND TREATMENT
Of you blow your self up a doll
Yeah you hello smile hey selfie Kodak yellow picture
Pharmaceutical companies producers of synthetic drugs
The fentinel
Hey you guys never caught em drugs dealers then why did you accuse the Chinese did it but forget that you your self a drug dealer
A furnace
Hey how about an incerrater
What you don’t have a vaccines for you
For a covid chicken flu vaccines and pay in installment
And the doctor with massive cash register
I ask midland America then it is available every where asshole
I just want to know how to mix it with OxyContin
Hey man how can you make fentenyl in a back yard lab?
Oxycontin is No Joke!!  Once Any Doctor prescribes their patient that drug they Must know deep down they're Possibly creating an addict, I've known people from All walks of life get hooked on Oxycontin and ruin their lives either briefly or permanently. Fk The Sackler Family.!!
Considering how people are harsh with drug dealers, there's a whole lot of lenience to the Sacklers. I guess is more a questions of how much money you made dealing. If you get enough dough, you can get away with it.
But also, we know this and have known this 4 a long time: doctors getting $$ from the company so they perscribe an addictve drug beyond control?  Doesn't shed a good light on the doctors! Shouldn't there be a law against this practice??
What more would I want? If that's a serious question my very serious answer is a pound of flesh for every single victim of these insidious predators.
i have lost count of the friends and family that have died be cause of these people. fuck a lawsuit I want them executed legally.
Yeah, i get that this is hardly the point but... are people in US really that scared, that they wouldn't go to a toilet when their boss wouldn't go? xD m
America is f *u* c* k* e* d
Opiate so difficult they can be useful and yet they can do a lot of damage
Thing about all of this shit happening is people who need pain relief cant  get it because of people who use it to get high. I know because I have to suffer every day because of all of this bull shit. I'm thinking about death as an option more and more because I can't get any proper pain relief . We are the people who are a made to suffer because drs won't give out pain relief at all anymore. This in canada
3:00 that is horrible im not even a thin skinned person but to say something that violent in such subtle way like its a joke but also a wholesome thought is terrible.
“Ya make me want to SELL OxyContin SELL OxyContin”
It’s not even about the amount of fines, they need to be in jail.
Pfizer had the biggest payout ever in the history of the DOJ. But forget about them, they're heroes, like J&J.
when I see most shows spend alot of money on silly stuff I think about what it could've gone to instead. not with this show
Isn't Oxycontin the kind of product that you would hope doesn't sell ever simply because that would mean no one was being hurt and how come family members of Purdue don't have to go to prison like the dealer in the street
I wanna kick the people controling Purdue right up the sackler
The website is down now..? Anyone know why? All his other ones even from years ago are still up.
This still being made in the white void right?
This may sound crazy, but…. Don’t do drugs
Social Security is fraud, but acceptance for other claims, allows for compounding the injury, through their signature, accepting being defrauded. Their educated answer, is what ever they approve of, and they should take it, at the highest interest, to  only accept positive remedies. If there isn't a sober educated, then it can't be taken seriously, in court, requiring the argument of maintenance of the intoxicants. Restoration of Human Decency Social Security is fraud, but acceptance for other claims, allows for compounding the injury, through their signature, accepting being defrauded. Their educated answer, is what ever they approve of, and they should take it, at the highest interest, to  only accept positive remedies. If there isn't a sober educated, then it can't be taken seriously, in court, requiring the argument of maintenance of the intoxicants. Redress The reviving satisfaction for an injury sustained. Sources not Complete 100k Japanese re payed $20k each for 4 years, in  Preparations Supreme Court Begins Case...But 1 Justice Is OUT ($20 Bill Case, based on race) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr79SDQddVY The Full Un-censoring of the education, and other  materials, from what the government was masking, by the use of force. The Punishment for race, had a defamation campaign, that was not apart of this reference, and to  that end, must be held as contemptible: Their  entertainment, has nothing to do with the person. Tech, Ecosystems, Women, Business, Brokerage, etc are the  focuses of the education portion. The Work portion,  includes functions in national security, Brokerages, International Debt/Security/Diplomacy for America, and  for its allies. Greece, Germany(Europe at large),Ukraine, Israel, Russia (Specialize in business cooperating with charities along with the McAfee's, and mastering  diplomacy, for about a decade.) This is the general  overview, of the contracts, for the person: Who is a  Super athlete, Billionaire; who is necessary to national  security as Oregon's Elite. The Enemies of the country through insurgency, have been sabotaging national security from the inside, with  liabilities, assault of David for being necessary to  NS, and general espionage. They have used the spy powers to do so, and National Security not being vulnerable with David in his place, was why they were scared of him as  an infant: He was projected to being key to its  stability. The censored record, includes threats against Israel, which was apart of his security proticols, and another reason he was attacked.   The Insurgents, are to be executed, for active threats to National Security under color of law. The government has an obligation to take seriously credible threats to America, and its Allies: Both endangered. The  apponites who are not imminent threats, by assisting the sabotage, are felons, and if they surrender in all  areas are to live disconnected from the government, and pay their fines 10K + other potential fines from  collective assisting crimes. All threats foreign or  domestic, cannot be tolerated, and any government  destructive to natural rights, is to be altered or  abolished: It is the right, and the duty of the people do so. The Vortex - The Last Chance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byC21DF6nlA (The Calculation must be adapted to The total age:  Currently 33) 55 Million in estimating direct prevented Natural  Value.  20,000 for false imprisonment per day x30  yrs 219,000,000 8 million per week for torture/civil rights/ human violation (it has gone as fare as 14.6, mill ) and gave 10 million for weeks of torture.) x25yrs 52 weeks each 10,400,000,000 x10yrs 52 weeks each 4,160,000,000 human/civil rights violation/ false imprisonment at 10 yrs                       4,371,000,000 Infringements go on, such as interfering with education, through out it integrity, directly wasting the funds spent on it; 2k x10=20. 6k x 2=12k, 20k+12k=32k in the money for Education wasted alone.  In the case that I'm reduced to Oregon's compensation of  (30 years 6,153,900,000)562,000 for police brutality, per week for  25 years. It would be 730,600,000 +55,000,000 for lost value, or at least 260,000 for the base value stolen=785,600,000,  or 730,860,000 depending. 219,000,000 for false imprisonment+high/base= 1,004,600,000, or 949,860,00.+ the rest  un-calculated yet. 2.8 million for Oregon civil rights violations 11/14/2017 (mental health case, in prison) 30 years x 52=1,560x 2.8 million=  $4,368,000,000 Shian was for 7 years not protected by child services, in inhuman conditions settlement 4 million. 30 years x 52=1,560x 4 = 6,240,000,000 between 4,368,000,000-6,240,000,000 for the two estimates oh my gosh!! FBI, DOJ, CIA in huge troubles!! massive lawsuit hits Washington DC over Mueller probe! (350 Million dollars redress of grievances, from surveillance) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OU_-cChmGL4
I love you guys at LWT so much, I think enough cannot be said about the great public service you are providing and the level of intellect you do it with. Please don't ever, ever change. The world needs you desperately right now ❤️❤️
Good info but why the potty mouth?
great videos 👍😊👍 informative
Tax CHEAT Oliver lecturing...another privilege white leftists.  BW AH H AHA
This family deserves the death penalty
No excuse. No money for any Sackler. They should be forced to sweep floors. Period.
"What more do you want?" I want every single Sackler that ever touched any of their companies stripped of all of their assets and jailed* for life, at the very minimum. Let them experience firsthand the horrors they put millions through. Anything less is proof that the system as it exists is built to serve the rich and punish the poor and must be dismantled by force. *in a PROPER US prison, with all the deadly heat, abusive police, and forced labor that comes with it
It's cases like this that remind us that the lives of the poor have a finite price. Perhaps we need to do more testing on the price of rich lives.
I would really love an update on this story.
Thank you for doing this
If by some miracle they do buy it for $10B, I hope John personally gets to keep it all. I'd love to see how he'd spend it/give it away.
This episode hit me hard. Lost my mother to the opioid crisis before anyone was actually talking about it openly.  I miss her so much. If I had money to throw around like the Sattlers,  everyone would know her beautiful face and her struggles. And how she was lost.  Thank you John Oliver
The Sackler family don't about the " .com " website,  they will live out their wealthy lives in bliss .
Everytime Sackler said "I don't know" he should of gotten pistol whipped.
So Julian Assange decided to give a platform for the truth about American government harming the world and he's on the brink of death from persistent harassment but a bunch of rich folk engineered a crisis for AMERICANS AT HOME being driven to death and addiction and they're just going to get away with it?  It pretty much tells you the priority of the system.
Saclers =evil bastards....
*cough*jail*cough*
If there was one of these on Hobby Lobby and the Green Family they should reach out to some ppl
3 of my siblings and mother were all addicted to oxy and vicodin, two of them went to heroin and 1 overdosed but was saved. Fuck the Sacklers.
The Sacklers are jewish.
That Purdue exec who sang the final word of that “Shout” parody sang up a slightly-sharp minor third at the end of *Shout*  People need to be roasting him for that.
There are things that money buys.  Immunity from prosecution is one of them.  They shouldn't be paying out settlements.  That's not even a slap in the face.  They should all be locked up.  There is no relationship between money and what happened to the people who suffered in the Opioid Crisis.  It makes it feel like the people are selling their suffering family member for money.
These opioid videos are the hardest to watch from last week tonight for me. But I think it is important to hear where the blame lies. It helps me forgive my late father, it wasn't his fault.
It's a pity that someone who knows where the Sacklers might be at a given time did not broadcast it somehow so their victims,  friends or relatives of their victims or just people who want justice could send them where they belong.
I hope someone [REDACTED] the Sacklers
lbv clothes are so trash. I know that's not the point but they look like formal wear versions of the clothes from superntural
Reminds me of the weirdos who talk in tounges haha like what are you doing.
Rich corrupt people buying their way out of crime…wow a new concept
I know of 4 people in my graduating class in high school who overdosed on oxytocin in less than 5 years after graduation and at least  a third of us have battled addiction my uncle's generation who is thirteen years older than me are all under achievers I can't express in text the damage opiods has done to me my family and the tiny community in Appalachia I grew up in
rich people like the Sacklers have ruined this country.
They looked liked televangelists
What a great and informative video. John Oliver is hilarious too
Sad that black people lost more on this story...
Norway belong NATO too.
The shackler's make me think of populus tremulas  (Quaking Aspen) that are weak at their peak because they don't share an adequate amount of chlorophyll with roots that should mirror their own growth and strengthen the Aspen as a whole. So they populate in a mass like head hair does instead of body hairs. Any balding someone could tell you that body parts are more likely to retain the fuzz than scalp. But the scalp cluster somehow prevails and aspens live but redwoods die. Because they are stronger and more capable of funding the upkeep if Aspen groves.    Aspens don't care if you buy nair because it doesn't (likely) affect themselves. So opioids are like nair which dissolves the forrests. And they don't see it coming until they are swept aside for a ski slope or a cabin built from the remains of the victims.   Or some shit like that.
I took my first pill almost 15 years ago. It was a 40mg oxy. I am almost 2 months sober off of heroin right now.
Do they own the company that produces Narcan? Call me cynical.
John Oliver ... fighting the good fight against tyranny and evil ... my hero.
7:13 do I feel bad about the ☠️ death of 1000 s people due to my choices
1:02 wasn’t this an episode of Goliath?  Where greed is good victims blamed for taking products and sociopaths run companies
In loving memory of Gilbert Gottfried.
Just wish that death toll could have been a few less at 69,420
I wonder what they are saying about the Sackler settlement. The incredibly generous, new, Sackler settlement, V2.0, was changed to provide $750 million for the victims, of which 149,000 have made claims out of 500,000 deaths caused by the opioid deaths that have occurred in the US, albeit others were also involved. See CNBC.   That means that if divided equally, each victim’s surviving family members would receive just about $5000 per death of or injury to their dad, mom, child, or relative, when if their court cases had been allowed to be filed against the Sacklers, juries would have awarded judgments against the Sacklers that I opine would have ranged from $250,000 per victim to $100,000,000 per victim, including punitive damages. If the Sacklers had lost just one lawsuit and been found negligent or to have acted wrongfully as to victims would have brought against them, then that judgment would have become “res judicata” as to their negligence, etc., knowledge, etc.  Then, later victims could easily get settlements against them by merely citing the final judgment against the Sacklers, which would have established the Sackler’s misconduct.  Via this settlement, therefore, it is likely that the Sacklers saved the rest of their reported $11 BILLION dollar fortune by paying just $6 billion. Thus, this corrupt settlement arguably violates the constitution’s “takings” clause, because it is misusing government power (the bankruptcy court’s power as an agent of government) to rob the victims who are the survivors of persons who had opioid caused deaths of causes of action against the Sacklers worth many, many billions: from the "expected value" of jury awards (from which those victims could even borrow right now but for the settlement) for a paltry sum that may have to be divided among nearly 500,000 claimants.   However, due to whatever the AGs and other politicians received, none of the states apparently will appeal again to set aside this settlement, which is grossly unfair to the victims: they rescued defeat from the jaws of victory. They now can share beers and jointly say: "to hell with the victims' families," which must include members of every ethnic, racial, religious, and other group in the USA because opioid addiction has become very common among all groups. I bet those AGs and politicians that gave the Sacklers such a generous deal will receive contributions from the Sacklers and their allies for the rest of their lives; some may become senators or even presidents.
holy shit, he said"I don't know" so many times that i had a flashback to whenever i did something bad as a kid
Take an oxycontin and you can get punched in the face, drink a bottle of tequila and then get  shot in the leg ,🏹 and you r all good. OXY basically turns off all pain receptors
I wasnt very old when this epedimic was taking place. But i think it's insane that in America, its legal to kill thousands, as long as you have enough money.
There is another group hurt by this behavior by big pharma..people like myself…a person who has multiple autoimmune and neurological disorders ALL of which cause severe pain. The issues created by the irresponsible behavior of big pharma created an environment in which people like myself have the constant underlying concern that the meds which allow them to have a life will be taken from them. In my case without the meds my pain levels average an 8.5 or higher in a 10 point scale. When that has happened spend my time in the fetal position praying to die and end up in the hospital with dangerously high blood pressure. That on top of the constant stress of the pain itself…even the most effective meds only take the average down to a 6/7, under which I can at least watch vids and read. Having said all that, I was given, at one point, OxyContin…horrible drug. Fortunately, I did not inherit the family gene for addiction. I completely lost my ability to make rational decisions…something which has not happened with the other opioids I’ve taken. It was awful. That medication is poison! Those people should have gone to prison.
4:00- people should've listened to Open Mike Eagle when he said to not buy drugs from a dude named mortimer...
My brother died 5 months ago because of these fucks. My brother got into a car accident and the doctor suddenly cut off his oxy prescription. He went on the street to buy oxy and got fent laced pills. Now he's dead, and nobody will ever be held accountable.
Update on the case: As john mentions, the $4.325 billion bankruptcy settlement proposed by Purdue was accepted and the Sacklers were granted their 3rd party release. However, they never actually filed for bankruptcy and in dec 2021 a US district court vacated the settlement saying that the bankruptcy court lacked authority to force states to release their claims against the sackler family. Of course, this is being appealed and a final decision has not been made. A new settlement was proposed last month that would increase the settlement to between $5.5-$6 billion. All well and good except instead of the 9 years of payments in the original settlement, they would now have 18 years to pay and the 3rd party release was still included. One additional part was that people were finally given the chance to tell their stories directly to the Sackler family. 2 dozen people shared their stories, including a mother who played the 911 call of her calling the police about finding her son who had overdosed. Unsurprisingly, the settlement was approved as THE SAME JUDGE handled the case. The judge raised their voice several times at the prosecutor and has called the DOJ “reprehensible” for continuing to opposed the settlement. As of now i don’t believe this settlement has received final approval yet but that will happen and the Sacklers will walk avoiding civil punishments unless the appeal is denied. In which case i would expect the settlement to be vacated again as the bankruptcy court would have not had the authority to approve it again containing the 3rd party release.
How can they sleep knowing that they are responsible for death and destruction of so many innocent lives?
Just checked, still no docs... :-/
John oliver although not as  soulless as many in the media - is nonetheless disengnous to suit his pocket book over ethical factual reporting. - he will create a lie for $
Just finished Empire of Pain; anyone who cares or is supportive of the Sacklers should read it.
Shit! Sure, $10 billion is definitely a fair price. And also, truly funny. But also, fair.
lets deal with the tobacco crisis which kills 250,000 americans a year while opioids kill 77,000 americans a year if my memory serves me right. alcohol kills somewhat more than all opioids combined annually in america too
Mm.
Sackler family is a scapegoat for the DEA, wake the fuck up people, end the war on drugs
Settlements postponed due to Judge saying it's not enough,  death is 40 grand, 20 grand if your made crippled and daily go thru hell that is worse than death and then the 3rd tier 3ooo on those claims. Still no word or payment to those folks and if my nephew was hooked then died from doping I have no recourse on his claims since he is dead and can't file. The judge is great to postpone payment and Settlements of those 3 tiers but we are all waiting while they get richer and move funds to another company.  My pain is easily worth a million my paralyzed leg and messed up body is shear hell to live with and I hope to not die before a settlement is awarded.  One thing people don't realize is that this drug did help some people and this drug or other hard drugs like this were God send to chronic people in horror pain yet with the abuse of pill mills and the greed of money and profits the FDA cracked down on doctors who prescribed it and then people who needed it were without or forced to get other alternatives,  shit that killed them, or devices like this Nevro hf10 device that ruined my life and my body is in complete hell with this non fda company who is putting in devices in people because the drugs are now banned.  I'm paralyzed and in hell from it. I was turned down multiple times on sueing Nevro..hum..other people are being paralyzed from this device as well...I was lucky to live thru it and forced into this surgery because they..the drs.  were not allowed to prescribe meds like this. The Mexican cartel is now making shit loads of fentanyl and its in pill form or laced in other products which have killed many.  Chronic pain patients are going thru hell due to this greed the sacklers wanted to disperse like it was candy..get the dam lawsuits paid out then go back and award more. Rip Joey.
"Tips on making a pesto chicken!"..... Priceless!...LMAO
When people speak of wealthy elites…these are the vilest.
I'm surprised that no Sackler were exposed being on the Jeffrey Epstein island...
Mans through a lot of unnecessary shade at White Plains, place has some pretty good food not gonna lie. I live pretty close and it’s not that boring
Under capitalism, the law only applies to poor people.
Thank you for introducing Batman to play the part in the TV show on this issue, Dopesick! Cheers mate.
So glad to hear that victim impact statements are included in the “.com”
Evil personified. B@$erd$.
I want their head on a platter! that’s what I want! I can Name 20 people who died thinking they were weak horrible people and they weren’t.. There are children that don’t have a mother or a father now!
Just like if a person kills someone that tried to rape her or him will get prison time. But the government can go kill hundreds of innocent lives in another country and its just called casualties. Its sickening. We The People are the ones that truly hold the power yet we sit by and just allow this shit to happen. When will we get up off our knees and say enough is enough.?
I find it amusing that the photo they used of Kathe Sackler looks like she's possessed by the demon from that "Truth or Dare" movie.
Watching this episode after watching DOPESICK.
As relevant today as it was then. As relevant as ever, before he pointed it out.   White collar crime pays, as long as you "earn" enough to pay the fine.   If a "fine" is the punishment for the crime, you know it is law meant for the "poor".
Yes let's crucify Purdue and rightfully so. But not a bad word about Pfizer and their dark past....  Well not at Booster time anyway.
I've been thinking about it and  The best punishment for the  testicules-thieves family wouldn't be jail or death. It would be getting them hooked on opioids or fentanyl and then force them to quit cold turkey. They would go through the most awful effects of withdrawal for several weeks and then we would  get them hooked again....to infinity. Maybe they can be homeless  for a few months as well. But that's just and idea like that ~
It has been awhile since I have seen John this pissed off.
Good news! That nonconsensual third party release was overturned by a judge.
I have a chronic pancreatitis and I have to take morphine daily it is impossible for me to get my refills every month my doctor hates prescribing it I have to have an agreement and everything. I genuinely need this stuff and I can barely get it. I’ve never sold it even though I’d probably make a killing doing so. Just sucks cause even doing the right thing I still am judged by doctors that I’m a junkie.
I want the Sackler family to be destitute
I like your videos. Wall Streeters and banksters are trying to obfuscate: they are trying to do with finance what some scientists do "blinding you with science" by using complex terms and very confusing explanations.   For example, what is being missed is that the "Federal" Reserve is privately owned by the ultrarich owners of its district banks AND not BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. "Coincidentally," the "Fed" gives billions of dollars of ultra low interest loans at 2.5% per year to those very ultrarich people's banks (which is below the real inflation rate), and their banks then lend that exact money at 25% a year or more to waitresses, cab drivers, autoworkers, and teachers, etc., who actually pay taxes and actually contribute to society. It is amazingly profitable -- FOR THE ULTRARICH.  Lawyers do the same, and so we have a legal system in which the best liar wins, the wealthy play games and pay lawyers to make evidence/witnesses unavailable or disappear, and bribery (sometimes by contributions to elect a judge that they then own) enables the ultrarich to avoid liability. Through settlements they can also force witnesses to keep quiet by requiring them to sign non-disclosure agreements ("NDA"), so I would sure like to hear what the 13 year old girl who sued the orange blubber ball claiming that he sexually abused her when she was a 13 year old  would say in detail, but the NDA that I bet he had her sign will make her unavailable as a witness forever.  For example, if the Sacklers did not have that incredibly GENEROUS, bankruptcy judge (who must be on their Christmas gift list for life, along with that judge's children, grand children, and great-grandchildren being rewarded by the Sackler's $10 billion family fortune for decades) approve their "bankruptcy settlement" to limit their personal liability what would happen? (That bankruptcy judge should be investigated and have all of his calls wiretapped for life by the FBI, in my humble opinion. I suspect through his approval of this settlement, that bankruptcy judge and his family, down to his last descendants, effectively won the lottery, each year for the rest of their lives.)   Thousands have died due to opioids reportedly produced by and pushed by their company. But for that WONDERFUL, GENEROUS settlement that this bankruptcy judge approved AGAIN, there would be many, many lawsuits against them and their company.   Once the Sacklers lost one case (for example, the 101st case), got a judgment against them, and it became a final judgment, then in all the next 899+ lawsuits the jury would be told that the Sacklers already had been found liable for misconduct due, e.g., to negligence, and as a result all that the next 899+ juries would only determine the amount of damages for causing the deaths of thousands of Americans. The liability on each case would have been GIGANTIC, particularly if they had been found to have acted intentionally and without any concern for the welfare of their customers, so punitive damages could be awarded: each jury could then award billions of dollars in punitive damages in EACH case, because the intent of such damages is to deter and their $10 billion fortune means that it would take billions in punitive damages to deter and punish them enough.   Thus, that GENEROUS bankruptcy judge saved the Sackler family from the risk of losing every cent they have, except for exempt property, like ordinary Americans lose everything regularly. The state AGs that backed this GENEROUS settlement to help the Sacklers, so they can keep BILLIONS will no doubt also have golden futures and have effectively each won the lottery. They will each doubtless get Sackler support, because the Sacklers will be deeply grateful, for decades and will become governors or US senators.
They nuked public health . . . maybe someone can BY LEGAL MEANS nuke them in return.
VP can hold a note tho
I only understood a few parts, to much filler
take all the sackler family money and put them all in jail for running a drug cartel.
Isn't a felony an individual charge? How can a corporation be a felon- the law is an idiot sometimes
wait...Kathy Scakler?  She's a Kathy Sack?
Under capitalism, capitalists are above the law and justice.
Fkn juice !!!
Thank you... Opiates took everything from me. I was 24 with a good job and had everything. Then I tried oxycontin and within 3 years I lost everything. Homeless. I turned to crime to support my habit at age 30. Up to that point I had a single speeding ticket. For almost ten years opiates controlled me. I was unable to stop. I came into life with privilege and lost everything. My life is forever scarred. The feeling of shame and guilt is overwhelming. Sometimes I wish I would just die and I'm sober, not homeless and not a criminal anymore. The wound it has inflicted will not heal. Ever. I cry everyday and don't understand why. It has sapped the happiness, hope and will to live from me. I thought getting sober would take away the pain. It hasn't.
War against drugs at its finest.
Meanwhile a dude selling Crack to 20 people is a menace to society.
So the systemic abuse of the FDA and medical journals owned and run by the Sackler family haven't completely tainted the FDA? I find it strange that the Sackler family bought so many departments and people inside the FDA and Government that everyone thinks it's just about Oxy. It's outrageous that people think it stops there. Let's look at the fact that they handled marketing for Pfizer from the beginning. They pushed and passed fake papers published in medical journals and public newspapers, television media and the like. They basically built the whole system. There is no way that this has been purged completely. I'd like to know how far it goes.
Its fucking disgusting that people like Amir Locke are murdered by the police for the “crime” of sleeping on a friends couch and having more gun discipline than any cop in America practices, but these shitstains ruined millions of lives and get to stay billionaires.
5:19 Richard Sackler. Dick Sack... It's ok, I'm a Richard.
Is it just now you’re realizing the courts protect rich people?
Dear John Oliver and Team, Having never from memory commented on a YouTube video before I feel compelled to share an anecdote that just occurred.  While rewatching this old episode I fell asleep on the couch midway through. I had some weird fever dream which there was some charming Mario kart style pizza delivery service run by Purdue which turned out to be a scheme to try and sew consumer confidence. I woke up mid dream to a legitimate feeling of anger about Purdue invading my dreams and this being some corporate sponsored attack on my consciousness. As I am grappling with my annoyance and reengaging with reality I move to bed. I have this exchange with my partner who’s in bed and sleep talks:  Partner - what are you doing? Me - ‘coming to bed’  Partner - ‘where’s that guy that was here?’ Me - ‘which guy?’ Partner - ‘you know the one who was here before with the glasses’ Me - ‘John Oliver?’ Partner - ‘yes’ Me - ‘you turned him off before you went to bed’ Partner (firmly) - ‘no he was just here’.  I’m sure this wasn’t your intended impact on peoples lives but here we are having summer fever dreams about John Oliver. Either that or there’s a look alike burglarising Australian homes muttering about Purdue.
"[Joss Sackler] attended graduate school in linguistics and wrote her dissertation on the risk assessment of violent threats made by the Mexican cartels."  Did her data include internal company memos?
Had to take a drug test at work today. They said they found Opiates. I told them it was probably the poppy seeds on my bagel. But then they asked about the THC, meth amphetamines, cocaine, and hallucinogens. Told them it was an everything bagel.
It really is too bad that this show has no actual sway on the real world. Seeing how money can let you get away with anything.. the system has become incredibly corrupt and Trump getting elected is absolute proof of that fact.
I wonder how much money the sacklers have invested in rehab companies.
I was successfully and responsibly treating chronic pain for 13 years using a far less potent opiate, and I was cut off in 2018 due to this Purdue scandal. My doctor's are not allowed to write scripts for opiates anymore. My quality of life and my health have significantly deteriorated since then. There are many educated, responsible pain patients who are unable to function because chronic pain makes it difficult to think clearly. There has to be a happy middle ground here. I was educated in High School about the dangers of opiate addiction. I'd love to see mandatory classes for chronic pain patients making sure that they know how quickly addiction can happen, how cruel withdrawal pain is, and making sure that patients are told not to take these medicines more than two or three days in a row. Oxycodone and Hydrocodone are wonderful drugs when handled responsibly. It's awful that so many need to suffer because of this negative press for pain management. As a result of this, doctor's are offering insanely damaging and dangerous psychoactive drugs like Lyrica, and invasive injections and surgical procedures to combat the pain, and honestly I just want my half a pill back, pretty please, thank you 🤞 I hope that all pushers rot in hell. Thanks for continuing to air this issue, these oxycontin creeps need to pay.
Their non consensual third party release got denied. Get ready bitches
Everyone I know recovering/recovered from an addiction started out with prescription misuse.....and they say that the "demon marijuana" is a gateway drug....pathetic.....
No billions sounds good to me… good point
my man
My mom only had to use opioids once, and that was after a very painful surgery. She was only on them for about two weeks until recovery, luckily she never got addicted and my step dad kept on track, as he used to take them for pain as well. My step dad needs strong pain killers though, he's in pain 24/7 after an accident when in the army. He wakes up each day with back problems, with knee problems, with his feet aching, the doctors know he needs them, but can't give them to him. People's response to opioid crises was to take away pain killers from people who actually need them, rather than just not handing them out like that candy to anyone. You wouldn't give a person with a mild problem, something meant for severe problems. So why are we treating severe problems with mild solutions?  It's sad this fucked up family cared more about money. because of this, people are overdosing, and the people who need pain killers for real problems, our system is afraid to give them any for fear of addiction. My step dad can't hardly get painkillers now.  America is so fucking backward!
All the fent comes from China.
You know, they whine a lot about how "unfairly" they're being treated. But I don't think you can treat the millionaire drug moguls whose product killed nearly 70 _thousand_ people bad _enough._ Like, oh no, people won't call you doctor? Your little kid is coming in being bullied? People are _mean_ to you? That's almost as bad as _causing the deaths of seventy thousand people_
"racism is a public health crisis" Hmm good point, there is an awful lot of African Americans racially assaulting Asian Americans at the moment, aren't there?
Burn the system to ashes.
RIP to Michael K Williams who died of an accidental fentanyl (opioid) overdose. The irony is painfully poignant.
Everybody remember when Martha Stewart went to prison over $64K?
Absolutely fucking brutal episode - especially the domain's price tag. LOL brilliant, as always. Congratulations to the entire team behind LWT, stupendous work, truly.
Medicinal cannabis or other NATURAL herbs need to become the norm again. Like it was before pharmacists started cooking up crack, I mean, "opioid" medications in the lab. Churning out addicts. Someone needs to stop the legal drug dealers that have been ruining lives and killing millions of people for decades. How about we finally discuss that elephant in the room? They shut down anyone and anything that will stop their cash flow. That's all this has been about all this time. That's why legalization of other alternatives has been non existent or outlawed for so long. Now that "THEY" can legally sell weed for instance and eventually monopolize that industry as well. They'll paint it in a brighter light in the media and suggest everyone use it. Same way they did the alcohol prohibition. If they can't profit off of it, then no one else is allowed to sell it. And they use law enforcement to make sure of it. Wake up folks.
I was talked into a back surgery that went horribly wrong by a worker’s compensation doctor. Now, I’m permanently disabled. After surgery I was immediately prescribed oxycontin and oxycodone. I had never taken anything stronger than acetaminophen. Even though the surgery was obvious malpractice I couldn’t sue the doctor. Being prescribed 160mg of oxycontin and 150 mg of oxycodone for 3 years I became addicted. These wealthy insurance, doctors and pharmaceutical companies played me like a fiddle and ruined my life. I will not get one cent from any settlement. I live with chronic pain and in utter poverty. Thanks a f-lot you pieces of trash.
STFU John.   You don’t have to live in pain
This just makes me sick
technically the rich mediocracy has no place in capitalism - stop letting them reward themselves for other peoples wrk.  richard sackler is unemployable by any normal standard
i'm with bill hicks on marketing
This is infuriating. I hurt my back by falling down stairs and was prescribed Oxy. Was told it was safe. No addiction if used correctly. I was lucky. I realised real quick but its hard to come off. These people need to suffer permanent withdrawal symptoms or be in jail. Too many are dead.
The guy is the same as his drugs. A stone cold killer wrapped in a plain old white wrapper. He's Walter White to the 10th power.
Good points but I can't stand listening to Oliver.
It is the same thing with vaccines !!!!!
They will burn in hell ignited by their money.
Drug dealers don’t get to make settlements when they get caught. We basically have a class system in America now. Billionaires have different consequences for selling addictive narcotic drugs vs the normal public.
Purdue Pharmaceuticals = Heartless Individuals Who Cared More About Their Pockets ($$$$$👎👎👎👎🧐🧐🤨🤨🤬🤬🤬) Than Individuals Lives & Struggles ☠☠☠🤬
The Sackler family is one of the worst things to ever happen to this country
I watched this piece after waking up from an oxycotin induced nap the day after wisdom teeth surgery. I hate the way it makes me feel but this series is an added reason not to use it as much.
WHEN       CONSERVATIVES           ARE       IN      POWER       OPIOID      USAGE       GOES     UP     !!!
Good ending
Came here after watching Dopesick.
Dynasties are so cringy. Anyone watched house of Gucci?
The cartels in Sth America and the Sacklers in the USA.......one's offshore and illegal and the Sacklers are home soil billionaires who push opioids to the US population. Things are seriously wrong in America.........mind you, what's different about that, it's the land of malfeasance and BS. Thanks for this John.
But I thought crime didn't pay?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzrLrUG2QVk
Good stuff. A little rough on White Plains, but...
This is a guy who pretends he thinks people are idiots if they think Pharma has never knowingly killed people, when he’s talking about vaccines that is. When he’s talking about other Pharma products he acknowledges they’re ruthless killers.
I love that the graphics team had images for every step of the 'riding with your boss' saga.
I beg all of you to keep in mind there are people like me who REALLY NEED opiates due to excruciating chronic pain. I've been able to drop from 40 mgs x 2 a day PLUS 4 10 mg percocets per day down to 30mg of.morphine.x.2 per day + 45mgs for breakthrough pain because of a a wonderful physical therapist and.a.nice.pool for aqua size and I'm not done yet. This is a huge improvement over my previous dose tho due to the nature of my injury I doubt I'll ever be able to do completely without opioids and lead A life that includes any time at all out of.bed
the end is great, thank you
Trey Garrison explains this in his book. The MSM are complicit as a Fourth Estate would've been screaming about this for decades if they were actually doing their job.
Isnt the lawyers working for lawyers should be accountable ?
He individual doctors are also to blame.  They are the real drug pushers
Vengeance is mine; says the Lord; I will repay.   Romans 12:19
Great video, and I know it's Covid and all, but it is just so demoralizing to see John Oliver working without an audience.
“You’re basically an English major who wasted more time” hit too close to home…. Listening to this whilst working on my PhD application 😐
Another installment on the horrible ridiculous atrocity that is the opioid epidemic.
Get em John!!! Every opioid addict I’ve ever known has started on opioid based medications.
there is a principle in corp law called 'piercing the corporate veil'. If there is strong evidence of misconduct by key decision makers i.e., the Sacklers, they  can be held liable for the company's circumstances. But it is invoked only in rare circumstances
The perfect example of the two different legal systems in the US...those who can afford to tie things up in the court system with technicalities and those who can't
Aaaaaand the Sacklers keep their money. Well fck me that's a big surprise  - I called it 4 yrs ago when I pulled myself off this perniciously evil drug.   Bastards.
As an ex addict myself I can say that you can bet these Sackler scum bags never had to deal with the issues of watching your family torn apart my opioid addiction, never had to watch their child robbing his own mother or live on the streets. They deserve all the misery they have cost thousands if not millions of many families!!! Get rich off other people’s misery is clearly their legacy
I think an episode on pharmaceutical companies and co-payment plans would be great! I currently take a drug that retails for $10,000 a month. Thanks to family's work, I have VERY good health insurance and still the co-pay is around $1,000 a month. The company does however have a "co-pay assistance" program which covers what insurance doesn't pay so my monthly bill is $0. You'd think that's great! But actually... they do that to scalp as much money possible. Simply put, the company makes the drug (only one of its kind) ridiculously expensive, but still able to be purchased because they just get as much as they can out of insurance companies and basically cancel the rest (I mean... seriously... "assisting" in the prices that they set). But that means that anyone who doesn't have health insurance gets to pay the sticker price of $10,000.
Everyone should read Empire of Pain. It’s so deeply informative of how/why this company did what they did. They report only facts but the facts in this case show a clear narrative of who the players in this game are.
its only me or perdue parody songs of shout is a great one ?
Damn. I just have to comment. This makes me feel ill to watch. I have been in recovery from opiate addiction since 2017. My twin brother and I suffered from a daily, physical addiction both starting in 2007 at 18. I woke up next to my boyfriends dead body from an overdose in 2014. When my twin found us and woke me up my boyfriend had been dead for 2 and a half hours. My twin then ended up overdosing and dying in 2016 on my moms 60th birthday at 27. I finally got sober after 10 years of hell at 28. And that’s just the bare minimum of 3 peoples experience. I’m in ptsd counseling still and am an active member in AA. The amount of people who not just have had their lives (and their families) ruined but die is incomprehensible even to me- the person going to funerals many times a year. The sheer lack of responsibility (let alone remorse) from those who could never come close to fathoming even 1% of the misery they caused is just sickening to me.
John Oliver for fucking president. I know he's not from here but I don't fuckin care.
They are rich right up until the time that they get even richer!
Almost like the capitalist system is inherently evil 🤔🤔🤔
Spot on, Mr. Oliver, Spot ON!
It is very important to note that on 16th Dec, 2021 a Federal Judge, Colleen McMahon of the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, overturned the bankruptcy settlement talked about in the video. She claimed that the original judge, Robert Drain, did not have the authority to grant immunity from personal liability. Whilst this decision will be appealed and the case will undoubtedly end up in the Supreme Court, it does mean that individual family members cannot be shielded from prosecution via bankruptcy. The actual judgement is available on the web and makes for fascinating reading. I guess that there will be an Opiod IV coming soon.
So some good news. While the bankruptcy court did agree to their deal, a federal judge tossed that shit out.
This corruption that corporate entities daily get away with, and the vast sums of money these people have, makes me so very sad, makes me feel like there is no hope for justice.
Oh my god wow
Opiod abatement??? SMH. You will run such a program instead of facing law suits??? You will continue to control patients??? 😭 Amen John. They keep nothing and patients come first. Remember money is barely enough for the damage you have caused. The arrogance is breathtaking. Bless you John and team.
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
If anyone wants to know more about this topic, check out Georg Rockall-Schmidt's docu-series on the Sacklers on his YouTube channel.  It's well worth watching.
Sounds like a family that doesn't need to exist.
Thank you John, for your tireless efforts.
What bothers me most is that the DEA is absent from this whole discussion... I mean isn't that like the job they are charged with .. once it becomes clear that they are pushing narcotics shouldn't they have stepped in and froze the assets and moved to seize them .. baffling .... Baffling
Hang on, don't the Sackler's also own Pfizer, the company that's creating the "Covid" narrative and influences the FDA, owns Media & lobby's government? How many ski resorts do they own? Should we get season passes for taking the "vaccine" for the rest of our lives?
John doing his bit to make sure it doesn't reach Erdington. Such a good brummie >D
laws are for poor people
on top of that student  loan debt slavery for millions of recent grads from predatory lenders, and for profit prisons that attract corporate sponsors to pay 1-2/hr for prison labor, while lobbying to increase prison sentences, creating one of the most racist, and extensive prison populations of any country on earth. the greed and evil of the top 1% is unbelievable and if it continues it will destroy this country, no wonder the French sent their king and queen to the guillotine.
no jail time, walked away with billions, and there is a poor black lady doing 30 years prison for an ounce of marijuana, disgusting  justice system in this country, the police are 100% morally bankrupt. In America there is jail, taxes, debt and slavery for the poor, and total freedom for the rich to do anything, and then the cops want to lecture me about following the law???? I promise to follow the law, as applied to the top 1%, basically NO LAWS, NO TAXES, NO ACCOUNTABILITY, you tell me how this works America?
"One man's death is a tragedy. A million dead is just statistics" Stalin (allegedly)
It's not a massive health crisis, it's mass murder. Do you need me to write your scripts John? The Sackler family deserves the death penalty.
Now I want a part 4 please!
Remember 45% of FDA budget comes from big pharma. They spend millions on campaigns for politicians, lobbyist. I say these are legal drug cartels.
America should start calling the Opioids Crisis as Sackers Crisis
For me, this should be at least considered a genocide but for the current justice system even getting a public apology of those ghouls seems too much.
manipulating people into getting addicted to opiods worse than being a normal heroin dealer. They should face a much higher penalty.
so many guns in America, yet they're still alive...
Any one here after watching Dope Sick???
"I'll fuck with a linguist" lmao way to go John Oliver/ HBO! I still think that the FDA should pay double whatever the sacklers pay.
Good news, fortunately, as of December 2021 the settlement was rejected by a federal judge on the basis that the judge who had approved the settlement didn't have the authority to approve the third party release for people who were not declaring bankruptcy themselves. In fact, part of the reasoning for throwing out the settlement was that the federal judge saw the Sacklers siphoning billions out of the company and it raised massive red flags.
Oxycontin is just time-release heroin.
But maybe she is a "cunning linguist"?
Let's hope that karma's a bitch!
Now 2022– appeal won so now they can be sued.
I think John’s coverage of the Sackler family is the reason why the guy cast as Richard Sackler in the opioid epidemic movie looks like Joaquin Phoenix playing Richard Kind.
Who cares about the money.  I want the public threat to be eliminated by the government who is supposed to protect us from enemies foreign and domestic.
The Sacklers are going to file for "bankruptcy" which pretty much means that their employees who probably had nothing to do with this will get nicely SCREWED.  I'm betting that  this alleged bankruptcy will be filed AFTER they move billions and billions of $$ to the offshore accounts.
We need to start calling it by what it is. The sacker committed genocide across the globe. The committed generational mass murder.
i still do not get it yeah the people selling that shitand lying about it is shit but realy the people  taking that shit and thinking yeah its fine  are just fucking stupid.
Please don't stop don't ever, ever stop! Happy New Year John Should be interesting... ✌️ 🕯️
To be fair, I would also protect my personal money from the law if I legally could. (: This is not (only) a problem with greedy individuals but one of bad law.
Capitalism; the owners take the profit, the company takes the debt, the employees take the fall.
The sacklers are the scape goats. Every pharmaceutical company and pharmacy and hospital is responsible. The kind of criminal justice scourge that was was implemented during the number trials in 1945 Germany against the leaders of the Nazi party needs to be applied  Fuck what the law was at the time. Natural law applies. It's genocide that's occured and fire squads are due.  And supports COVID vaccine mandates are logical as supporting the Nazis for leadership in of the new state of Israel.  Give the the people who are responsible for the leading cause of death in America a monopoly on administering a forced Cure to the 4th leading cause of death I American
Wait what did they want them to do again?........ SELLLLLLL!!!!!!!! LOL
As a recovering addict, I think I'm gonna puke.
The Sacklers are ALL SCUM !!!!
Don't forget about the FDA... just as complicit
So infuriating 😖😖😖
you can take on a Ph.D. linguist.... you mr. Oliver are so far above her as a cunninglinguist.... its not really fair
This whole story is so unbelievable, it’s sad, and they are getting away with it.
We all probably have watched Dopesick, and I believe the break through pain was the cofirmation of when the person turned into an opioid addict and the Sacklers knew this and Sackler trying to target German was an act of revenge.
Should be allowed to arrest any fda official who approves a drug that was found to be clearly harmful and passed due to corruption and bribery....   And then burn them alive in an iron cage for international TV to watch and see.
You don't  know? YOU RUN THE FUCKING COMPANY
This corporate bull rap has got to stop.As a regular you see there not smarter than the average guy it’s just we’re not allowed to play in there game
Richard Sackler is nothing less than a corporate version of El Chapo and should be rotting in jail.
It sounds like conspiracy theory John... But it is true! People who believes 100% in pharma say it is conspiracy and they don't want to listen to facts!
I watch Dopesick from Hulu. After this kind of things they want us to get vaccinated. Fuck them!
So these stickler creeps somehow got a federal judge to overturn the ruling so looks like nobody's going to be getting any money at all for a while. Is something should happen to one of the sticklers.  I would be more than happy to donate $5 to accused legal defense fund.
As with every medication you need to follow the dosing instructions printed on the bottle.  Not following the instructions on over counter medications can lead to hospitalization, injury, death and opioids are no different.
I just got a craving for eating lamb chops tonight.
This was such an excellent, and needed, piece of investigative journalism.  John Oliver has been a favorite of mine for years.  I just wish that he would do a much fairer cover of Plandemic.  There is the book, The Real Anthony Fauci by Robert F Kennedy Jr., along with other whistle-blower interviews and information about Covid.  I think John Oliver could dig a little deeper into the pandemic and see both sides of this issue.
Anyone here after finishing Dopesick? Nothing surprising the rich will always be protected.
How fortunate for people addicted to opioids, from the perspective of the public perception of their addiction, if they came directly from a pharmacy. Here's a thought, how about we advance this love and understanding to all those struggling with addiction? Too far? Yeah, let's just keep hating. When you're swimming in your own fluids, with your brain shrieking "TAKE DRUGS" then what will help you with making that decision is the knowledge that the whole world hates your choices. *Voice over* Hand hovering over the fuck it button? Mind feel like a cornflake filled balloon? Body like the bottom of a never-emptied septic tank? Then take heart because we got you. You awful bastard."
Whoa Nelly!!!  Cathy (Kathy) Sackler is quite the looker, isn't she?
Looks like Hudge McMahon agrees with John Oliver.
Pain is temporary. Addiction is forever.
When it comes to families this powerful, mob justice is the only way to go. I mean, in our sham of a "legal" system where they buy the government officials who are tasked to prosecute them, the companies such as the FDA that are there to regulate them, and then they buy the media to make them look more favorable in the public's eye, there's nothing else that can be done to them. They literally own everything lol. They will buy their way to success. But back in the old days, if a lord or some shit was shitty and literally everyone hated them, they would just storm their mansions and burn it to the fucking ground, tearing the entire family out and getting their just desserts. Call it savage, call it primitive, animalistic, but let's not forget, we are by nature, animals. We've just made ourselves think we're somehow better than that. And the masses always forget that THEY truly have the power in this world. The fact of the matter is, this family intentionally destroyed this country for profits and more corporations do the same thing every day and our shitty government just lets it happen because these very corporations have put people in power that will make it so. They pay their way to put up barriers in our government and regulatory processes that work in their favor and shield them from anything bad happening to them. How can you expect to fight that in the very system they created for themselves? Watch the show Dopesick and you'll see how the highest level officials of our government ACTIVELY SHUT THIS SHIT DOWN ON PURPOSE! Because they wanted to keep the opportunity open for them to leave the government and go work for fucking Purdue. The same shit happens with politicians and their campaign "donations", and how big pharma can fund their way to having vaping banned. Even though, it's been proven to be at least 95% less harmful than smoking. But it's still getting banned at a rapid rate. If you think that it's some isolated incident with Purdue, you're mistaken. It happens all day, every day. Our government sold us out forever ago. This country was never the land of the free. It was born from slavery and still to this day, we're nothing more than slaves to materialism. Forced to work 12-hour shifts just to barely get by, then the little money we do get, we're constantly brainwashed into spending on shit we don't even need just to keep up with the times. Like things that are engineered and built to fail so you have to keep buying more. Treating illnesses instead of curing them, the list goes on. The sad truth is, this country needs a massive structural overhaul, asap. Poor people can no longer afford (not that we ever could) to allow these elitist pricks to continue doing this to us. With their bullshit, lies, propaganda, and money to buy their way into any situation, they break the laws and get a slap on the wrist for selling one of the deadliest drugs in history killing countless and destroying so many families and towns, meanwhile, there are STILL people in prison for life for selling fucking weed. If you don't see the problem with this country, you're fucking blind, ignorant, and forever hopeless. All of this propaganda to instill a false sense of patriotism for a country that sold your ass out forever ago. You're a product number, nothing more, like cattle brandings.
RRSI's.
Sacklers is such a dirty word now, rightly
What is a non consensual third party release
Still not doing one on child genital mutilation?! Come on! Baby boys are being operated on without their consent thousands of times a day man!!
How has nobody killed these people yet?
I would be happy with just a lifetime prescription of free oxy as a settlement.
Dick Sackler is such an appropriate name for that guy.
Only and Once Upon a Time in America (and more dramas to come!) - so your democracy is overrated and fictional
John Oliver should do an update on this. A judge just ruled  today that the  Sackler family doesn’t have any legal protections due to bankruptcy code and can be held liable.
2021 Dec update :   The bankruptcy judge Robert Drain did indeed help the sacklers as oliver predicted but the decision is now thrown out by a federal judge
This is your punishment for putting drugs in our neighborhoods.  Everytime you do dirt to us you get double, done back to you. KARMA IS A BITC......!!!!
Oh now it's a health issue!!!!! But when black folk had the crack epidemic, they went to jail. Knowing that crack was put into our neighborhood by the America government Nixon and Reagan.
JUDGE JUST REJECTED PURDUE OPIOID SETTLEMENT LFGG
Kathy and Richmond Sacklers are murderer.
I liked this episode up until pesto chicken.
Read the book they spent billions burying the story for years,they ignored the deaths,making loads of money to buy influence
and the answer to the Oliver question is allways  what the ff heck
Ugh. RIP Michael K Williams.
That website, against a billion dollar empire must be the most gangster move John pulled off to date 😎 It's the ultimate F**K YOU!
No billions
Remember the deaths are usually from overdosing on heroin after insurance runs out and smack off the street is cheaper than buying the tablets directly.  That is a messed up system whatever Purdue was doing.
Capitalism is evil
I have spent the last 3 years getting over my addictions, normal stuff. Alcohol/smokes. I have never experienced anything remotely horrible compared to the withdrawl of oxy, i was only on it for 3 months. I can't imagine how bad it would be for people who have been on it for years
...arguably fuelled the opioid crisis?? arguably???
Now do vaccines…
Dopesick brought me here.
Well, that sucked. Thanks john, I’m gonna go stick my head in a toilet and slam the lid a few times.
Right on, John. Thank you for covering the terrible devastation wrought by OxyContin, aka 'legal' heroine.
I was at the hospital in Boca Raton Baptist  Regional Hospital  for stomach pain and they wanted to give me morphine. I ask everything and I am glad I did. I didn't want morphine. My blood pressure was 9/5 and no one showed up in my room about 45 min. I kept pushing nurses alarm. The machine was beeping red. No one showed up.   When I removed the finger rod, amd EKG from my chest the machine went to red line as if I was dead. No one showed up. If they had administered morphine I could be dead with low blood pressure.  After I was released I called the hospital and the woman on the phone could not be more ignorant or disrespectful. The whole system sucks and when especially doctors do not care. I won't bother to call Medical Board in Florida as they are useless just filling up seats and getting paid.  Pharma are the biggest danger  you can't release any drug without collecting at least 15 years of data.
Hitler had a boss?
I motion to officially change the show's name to The Game is Rigged. Any seconds?
charge the sacklers: richard, kathe, and all with first degree murder. this is obviously a plan to kill off as many as possible deliberately. the Sacklers are bloodsucking lice .
This segment is spreading lies, Opioids are safe and effective as has been confirmed by multiple experts
Who was responsible for banning Cannibus around the world? A drug that works great for pain and can't cause CNS depression like opiates do???
Do a show about alcohol.
Bankruptcy approved by a questionable judge....doj is against this yet pharmacy bro is in prison until 2023 .....Sacklickers killed millions of people possibly billions and the get to get off Scott free .
Like Escobar family level PRO 🙃🏥🤡 what about all the other institutions allowing this to happen 😵 totally fucked up system 😑
The jokes are so unnecessary here. John Oliver is so much more convincing when he's serious than when he's trying to be funny.
Dang, why come for linguists like that? Talk about punching down.
5:58 That guy looks like he lost a fight with a lefty.
Like I would give my hand to get an original clip of the the "Sell oxycontin" vid by Purdue
I hate when people call it an epidemic  It’s not an epidemic, it was called that on purpose to sound like some uncontrollable force of nature but it isn’t, it was down deliberately by greedy people. Not an epidemic an attack
Not only are Oliver and his team funny, they’re TRUE social justice warriors.  They don’t just whine, they get things done.
So you're saying these pharma companies are only interested in profit? I'm totally shocked by that news!
Please do the video about porn addiction, lots of people are suffering right now & need to know about this.
It’s just in the nature of Anglos to deal opium. Now that they can’t dump it on China anymore, they dump it on their own people.
Why is there a death penalty for poor criminals but not billionaire criminals? I'm against the death penalty, but I think there's an excellent case for it someone who directly contributes to the deaths of thousands of people or more.
if you sell weed and are brown you can get life in prison.
John you're a genius!
Billionaires are creepy
They should all be in jail right next to El Chapo.
Brilliant ! I suppose one good thing is that whole family has a name that is on a par with Hitler.  Hopefully grief will follow them everywhere as they look like they will dodge justice as do most wealthy crooks
7:33 wtf is zoom this is infect an issue that you should cover media moderators. cause as a fact of truth no individual under 45 and  not below 16 believes such a platform exists.
Dope Sick... good little limited series, opioids are hell to come off of even if you just have taken a single script's worth for "reasonable/legitimate" purposes & aren't hooked as deep as that... Super lethargic, every normal random pain hurts ×10 worse than it should, ect.   Basically just a general experience of hell; only it's also you feeling really, really tired to boot.  I dunno, I don't like the idea of supporting stigmatizing any drug on general principle; but anything enriching big pharma corporations & a certain ferlw obscenely wealthy families can such it in my not so humble opinion.
Corporate America fighting the opium wars... Against the people of America. Parasites eating its host. Parasites eating its host.
1:38 .....this makes me wanna buy, come now, buy
The Sacklers is just another dajjal from U.S, damn you ppl
Pesto Chicken? As it happens i bought green pesto today! love the show, John!
Watch DOPESICK with michael keaton. About the Sacklers' responsibility for the prescription opioid crisis.
People wants to think this is just about Oxycontin/opioids, but I hope it will  bust open the truth about Big Pharma & all the drugs (including vaccines that manufacturers have no liability for) that have been pushed on the people for mere profit; making many lifetime patients that need more of their drugs to survive/get by. And expose the corrupt FDA & other governmental agencies that have let this all happen. If one follows the money, we can always find the true intentions behind (the church of) Big Pharm. It's pure greed & evil against humanity!!! And it's gone on far too long!!!
The Sacklers should be Sacked & charged with murder & pay restitution to the family's they destroyed all over the 🌎 World.
If you lost your job with the family it would be called getting the sackler.
Next thing you know the sacklers will try to use their power to get the federal reserve to boost inflation so that they can pay the 10 billion without actually paying the 10 billion     alledgedly, in my opinion
A big part of the blame lies within the FDA, they put the misleading label on it and they didn't have to
This deal of Purdue sounds similar to what corrupt Gavin Newsom did for PG&E in California after the California wildfires that left Americans without homes and deceased’s family members. Not one employee served jail and walked away with billions.
Why in the he'll hasn't every politicians that got pharmacy kickbacks aren't immediately terminated. Sacklers make me puke!!!!
Billionaire BAAAAD!!!  What about the doctors who prescribed this shite?
First the opioids  Then comes fentanyl  Flooding in under the democrats  Child slaves flooding in under democrats  Who are  the cartels paying???, Well it ain't Trump
Joss, find a new hairstyilst or stop the home dye!
No Sackler pics - Bendy Nose Syndrome.
Perfect!!!! 💯 TRUE on what they did and they’re deserve horrible things on earth and to burn in hell !!!  I can only hope they’re kids/grandkids become addicted!!
Who’s here after dopesick
When you seem talking negative for doing a good job...
20:48 for how long ... well that depends on how long it takes to built a guillotine...  and maybe  some gibbits...
And even does get worse! The Sacklers will fund research into medication to combat addiction and set up public rehab. They will make money curing the disease they created. As an advanced healthcare practioner (Physician Assistant), I can say that any narcotic I have given is for a bedside sedative procedure or cancer. NO muscle pain or joint pain should be treated with a narcotic, it doesn't treat pain! There is a growing attitude in healthcare to not prescribe narcotics; at least where I practice. The other side to this issue, and this isn't to give remorse to Purdue, but there is the problem of demand for the product. Whether it be oxy or a recreational drug, combating the delivery is a gigantic failure! There are mental health issues that lead people to alter their conscious, treat pain that is a symptom of an underlying condition (like depression, PTSD, etc) and then we add addiction to them. Instead of fighting the transmission, find out why people want these. It's a general statement that's complex to articulate in text word, but it's a generalization of why people are choosing these medications and leading into addiction that is part of a smaller picture in a big picture issue. PS John Oliver, you used to be funny until late Season 4. Even worse when you don't have an audience responding to an APPAULASE sign. The opioid crisis, good, like the smoking campaigns and Japanese mascots; another Trump joke, come on man. My opinion, don't expect everyone to agree; C'est la vie.
the Sacklers could teach the Corleones a few things
The USA seems increasingly like a capitalist dystopia.
That Sackler that wanted to tour Doctor's offices need to tour people's funerals who overdose due to over the counter pills.
I really do not understand why we are not talking about years and decades in prison, instead we are still talking only about money. Mr. Olivers notion to make them pay until they cannot pay any more is not even touching justice. This family actively participated in actions that led to the death of people. If you ask me quite a few of them must go to prison. What about culpable homicide ? I mean it is right there for everyone to see who had not years of brainwashing by some posh Ivy league lawschool !
The Sacklers are Terorists and belong in Guantanamo.
It's so trippy and inception-like when at 23:14 they insert a thumbnail of the episode we're currently watching into the episode we're currently watching 🥴🤯
Odd to hear a multi-millionaire raging against rich people and a system the protects them, when he fled a country that heavily taxes the rich. But any light shined on the Sacklers is a good thing.
Still can't get over the fact that this particular drug crises is a "massive public health concern" while the last drug crises still has people in jail under mandatory minimum sentencing because of the type of cocaine they possessed.
So the obvious first question I have is whether Joss Sackler is a "Cunning Linguist"?
was there is anything fk lady never sample your own merch
Another great story and video through the Last week tonight to let us easily understand this topic.
So basically they’re saying: If you let us get off with a slap on the wrist, we’ll give you a tiny portion of our massive fortune we made from selling you this product by misleading you on the possible consequences, so you can put it toward cleaning up the mess we made; of course ignoring the fact that it will not fix the countless lives lost and that were affected by our lack of regard for human life. Am I understanding this right?😑
How is this not season 4 of Narcos?
That sales video is more bloody messed up than the new show Dopesick portrays those sorts of things, and that's saying something.
#Discrimination Has any one heard this story yet!? 😡😡😡   https://youtu.be/E5s0fLgt7UU
here after watching dopesick, can't believe no one is in jail for this!!
It seems simple. They’ve already made billions. Generics have been made. We want accountability yes. But that doesn’t bring back or save lives. Make opioids illegal. Make them only available for cancer patients, the only people who actually need them. Suing these fools solves nothing right now.
This segment…was made in a Hulu series…dopesick…and Keaton played sackler…it was a good series
I wish I never touched tramadol or oxycontin. I can't help but feel it's more my fault than the Sacklers. Why should they lose their billions because I try to cover up pain?
The Sacklers are nothing but white Drug Pushers. But if they were black or brown they’d be in prison already. It’s a wonderful world when you’re WHITE and you can get away with murder and be privileged at the same time.
I’ve been in my primary Doctors office and the constant parade of pharmaceutical representatives is simply absurd.  They’re basically Drug Pushers with rolling briefcases full of “Sample” drugs to pass off to the poor patients who are looking for a CURE. Instead what they get is an “ADDICTION” that KILLS them.  But it works out fine for the Doctor and the Pharmaceutical company because the primary witness to this travesty is DEAD and dead people make damn poor witnesses for themselves.
Wealthy people don’t care about other people or the pain and death they might have caused while they’re raking in the Money. They’re only interest is increasing their Wealth at all cost.
Buy your letter of  indulgence
That last line, the domain for sale at 10 billion really hit the spot!
This reminds me of the debate to whether companies are individuals.
Money have blinded their judgement. But be sure karma will get you.so you sow shall you reap.somehow many generations to come will pay for your evil
Why is prescriptions for opioids down over 50% but overdoses up over 1,000%. You have to look at how people where denied medical treatment to ween them off the opioids, but nope, people were forced cold turkey withdrawal. Now chronic pain patients are suffering. Surgeries are being done opioid free. This whole situation is F’d up. So many people to blame, the family (close to 100%) is just one of many who are responsible. Don’t Punish Pain Rally had great insight.
Oliver should have a segment called fucking with linguists
That Purdue sell OxyContin song video just SCREAMS late stage capitalism/capitalist hellscape
Hi! Are you brave enough to try and talk against President Rodrigo Duterte? Especially about his drug war?
Hi All ever. Thanks for bringing good sleep to me.
PROTECTED BY THE STATE////Who are the sacklers////
Thanks John, as an RN for almost 40 years I had a front row seat to this shi* show.  It was stunning how everyone was duped by this absurd dog and pony show.  They even infiltrated the freaking Joint Commission that was supposedly the moral compass of Health Care.  The Sacklers need the damn death penalty but we aren’t all innocent.  Thinking of the multiple times I was required to assess and medicate for pain that I KNEW was BS but there was such a paradigm shift in healthcare there was no one to talk to, I don’t know what we could have done but I still get ill every time I find out more about this evil family
Founding Fathers:  Okay, we're going to run this Country in the Spirit of Tom Paine, seeing how he did so much to bring the People to Our Cause... Tom Paine:  Great! I've some Ideas about Slaves and Corporations and General Respect for the Common Man! Founding Fathers:  Tom... The Door's that way...
fascinating - can you do one on Dupont?   Or FMC, hmm youve probebly hit monsanto already - an interesting little thing - how many of these companies are American and how many are not?    I live on the coast of Norway - the Norwegian state is desperate to please American companies, currently our coastal seaweed beds are being trawled by DUPONT, before them it was FMC - sometime before that it was run by a Norwegian company who stopped because they said too many negatives were involved - the environmental damage - the powerful chemicals involved --------
Just have the Sacklers take their own medicine for two weeks and let nature take its course...
Anyone else here after watching Dopesick?
I've been watching Dopesick on Hulu which is a series about the Sacklers and Oxycontin...very compelling...Michael Keatin stars as an Appalachian doctor that gets caught up in the initial lies about it being less than 1% addictive due to it being time released etc..
FOLKS PLEASE STOP ASSUMING/ATTACKING ADDICTS... CLEARLY WAY TO MANY ADDICTIONS Started with a certain pill pushing company.
Nodding out on opiods right now watching this
Sackler family's name should become as infamous as that moustache H guy
Lex Luger learned well from Sackler. "I DOON'T KNOOOWW!"
A master class in ripping someone a new one. Well done. Sacklers, wow. How do they sleep at night.
TL;DR: Individuals are not responsible for what they put into their bodies, but CERTAIN individuals are responsible for what ALL OTHER individuals put into THEIR respective bodies.  Got it.  Disappointing showing from Oliver here.
It’s a disgusting company and they were just as bad as any drug leaders. Because once you start it you have to keep increasing it to get relief. They should all lose their money after what people have gone through and died. It’s disgusting!  And makes me even sicker by watching this. I know I am not getting anything and I suffered, my family suffered, but I went cold turkey and saved my life. Not only that but my drug plan actually paid for these drugs and would keep going if I had a prescription. Disgusting they had to pay for killer drug!
What I don’t understand why the drug people are using fentanyl. They are killing their users. I was a nurse in a  doctors office and they would come to the office and buy us huge lunches. Then they would give the drs trips and money to use their drugs all the time. I remember when they first came out and said it wasn’t addictive. Then my dr did back surgery on me and put me on OxyContin. It was hell. But I got off it thank god.
One thing I feel was missing from the video is the legal precedence this case will leave behind.
"If you lose your fortune you can always get it back, if you lose your good name you can never get it back"  Sackler family that is why they don't give interviews I think.
This family is directly responsible for mass murders. When will the law apply and this entire family face death sentences ?
This is one reason I don't trust doctors or big pharma. All humans have a price. It's just a matter of figuring out what price that is.
b
At 6:04 every head of every corporation being questioned about practices by gov/feds/or judges.
Man the pandemic wasn't good to you was it John, for grey then usual...
Check the “early life” life section for the Sackler family.
I agree there is an epidemic of overdoses in this country but most people forget about the chronic pain patients who use the medication properly to survive. I have several autoimmune disorders along with wide spread chronic pain and I can't get my medicine anymore because doctors are afraid to prescribe it. I live each day in tremendous pain and while I agree there needs to be more oversight and help for addicts it should not effect those who truly need the medication.
Only funny thing about this bloke is his head...🤮
Opioids are bad....MmmmmKay.
The sacklers  have killed a lot of my friends I got lucky if you want to call it that clean for 3 years and still struggling there is a special hell for these sacklers
Don't look now but this medication is still out there and being bought and sold on the back steps of your apartments. I've been watching the Dopesick series on Hulu. Great show.
Super predators always win! Don't you get it? Money rules everything! While money is around a hunter-gather super primate his behaviour will be the same for thousands and thousands of years: kill your enemies, victims, companies etc...and gather as money, works of art, real estate etc you can get your hands on...drugs, big debt and poor education is there for the taking! Going for it and the masses control objective is achieved! Only a big bang will change this sheme... otherwise we must wait centuries to pass to the next level!
“A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths are a statistic”  -Joseph Stalin
Sacklers are obviously murderers
1:23 Wow that’s the american capitalist spirit right there 🤘
What 2600 psychotic trump fans thumbsdowned a video about corporate fraud leading to dead Americans?
19:18 No he is not right. Stop treating the courts like they are not another arm of corporate control of our government. The courts should have an obligation to hear the voices of the people directly affected by what they are doing. If an ancient weasel fuck can read Green Eggs and Ham, a mother expressing the impact of losing her child has a right to do that in the forum where consequences for that will determined.  Burning down court houses is an act of justice in an unjust society.
I am a individual person and sovereign citizen. The person hood upon that document is a corporation.  Amazing the shit that works when you're rich.
These business owners use the same tactics that mob bosses use to evade criminal charges, except instead of buying local police, they just bought all of Congress so they can make laws that say it's actually okay to do all this shit, actually.
That family should be in jail!
Expropriate these drug dealers and put their bait into public health care. Greetings from Europe!
Investigate the doctors giving them out.
Watching Dopesick and this family needs to go to jail.
The placid sink pertinently hammer because iraq contrastingly clear than a able veterinarian. known, yummy flute
The 911 thing I feel has DOB all over it. Definitely After Hours.
movie "In Time"...
I have a disability that requires Oxycontin to manage my horrific pain. My older brother also died of an overdose in 2019. So my feelings on opioids are mixed.  I am a very sad person.
May that family be consumed by guilt and that nothing they do or buy do anything more then remind them of what they did.  Let there not be enough words to rationalize their part in all of this
Punchable dough and Richard sackler ....-separated at birth???
Can we put the sacklers in space regardless of whether they want to??? Then engineer a "tragic accident"??
Sackler sucks at singing just as much as his moral compass
I thought Kushner was supposed to end that. Oh wait
How about the doctors who took the kickbacks & facilitated this problem?  9 million pain killer pills sold through the small West Virginia town of Kermit.
The scales of justice ain't balanced it's weighed down by money.
Holy crap! A street peddler endangers a few dozen people by addicting them to, and selling them opioids, gets shot. A nationwide peddler, endangers millions of people by addicting them to, and selling them opioids, gets a legal slap on the wrist, a bunch of buildings named after him and a pile of overseas accounts full of hidden money!
The Netflix docu “Greatest crime of the century”  is about Perdue and Sacklers - IT IS A MUST WATCH!!!!!
The 2.6K Dislikes (as of this comment) are members of the Sackler family creating multiple YouTube accounts to specifically click the Thumbs-Down icon on this video.
Justice? Well that all depends on how much money you're worth doesn't it. Right, just and fair? Has it ever really been?
I pray every night that the entire Sackler family and extended family are at a reunion and a giant meteor falls out of the sky and kills them all. Yeah, sure there would be collateral damage, some innocent children or people who married into the family but, hell, the Sacklers sure didn't care about the collateral damage that their orchestrated campaign of lies created. Yeah, I seriously pray for this every night, you should join me if you believe in prayer that is.
The sacklers need to be tossed in the Hudson
David Sackler is the Michael Jordan of jews.
When drug dealing is legal.. they sell the drug and the cure?
Just cremated my 43 year old son
Just like ..Johnson an johnson
Thank  u john for talking about it ....
FAMILYS will never see that money ......its already stolen
They have.  people in congress that have helped them ....
People an kids on their drug go to pri sd on an they go free ....cops put drug p eople  i n jail an prison to get over the drug an these people go free
That old lady is lying
My kids are now ..MARTYRS..FOR THE DRUG COMPANYS .
An it shows u CONGRESS IS  INVOLVED
Shoot them up with their own drug ....an u want to take their virus shot .... Drug COMPANTYS are still doing it ....go take  the virus shot an  change ur ..D..N A For  the rich
Showes. Police an government..won't do anything about it .... their all played off ..REPULIKENS let this get out ..payed to do  Bug big donors
That family  should be in prison for life
3 OF MY KIDS DIED ..TWO CAME BACK ...BUT STLL ADDICTED...ONE SON DIED. 43....HAD A KID ....FENTAL  AN OCTEYCOTTON ....  AM SUEING BUT WILL NEVER SEE THE MONEY AS LAWYERS TAKE  ALL THE MON EY
How many people are in jail because they became addicted to heroin after being prescribed Oxycontin? Are any of those people getting a pardon? Are their families getting compensated?
Crack pandemic: 😏😜😛😚😘♥️
Meanwhile so many people suffering intractable pain cant get relief because doctors are scared to prescribe
Well, I guess there's always the vigilante angle to 'balance the scales' with the Sacklers. They sound like utter vermin; and what do we do to vermin? Pure gold buying that website so I made sure to pay it a visit.
im trying to understand what is happening in the mind of a person who goes to a pharmacy and buys the strongest opioid to treat some mild pain just because his doctor told him so. What is the expectation here? How about some personal responsibility? Perhaps spend 2 minutes online and try to understand what opioids do to your brain and then make an informed decision about your own health. Puzzled.
I was shocked by the Jan 6th insurrection. But now I'm not, its just another story of people being deliberately misled. A lot of people who attended Jan 6 were from these Pharma targeted areas. If the DOJ continues to not do its job, the people will once again feel like they will have to do it themselves. Hunt the Sacklers down and take them out.
Wow this is completely fucked, my brother also got prescribed oxy in 10th grade and he overdosed and died in 2014, this is such bullshit 😔
'Tales from the darkside: Cat from hell' Already covered this.
What other options are there ? Pain is a real problem. I've had tooth removed & had a broken bone. Yes i got lucky & stopped taking it. But I don't believe any pain pill can't be misused to the point of self harm. What other pain treatment are needed in step by step. Will the insurance companies pay for it ? No. It's cheeper for insurance companies  just to get you more pill's. Just want someone to blame.
This is the 'Big Pharma' people should ACTUALLY be scared of - they're literally poisoning people and vaccines are keeping people alive, goddamnit!
I got prescribed oxycontin (which is chemically the same as Oxycodone... Not sure if you Sacklers know that!)  For my tonsillectomy  How the fuck
I wonder how many websites does The Last Week Tonight team own?
Purdue makes Opioids.....  Perdue makes chickens.....
Just watched Dopesick, and i have a degenerative joint condition, but I've had a term used by a doctor, Breakthrough Pain, watching this show has shown me that "my breakthrough pain" is an absolute made up term so they could push more oxy. I am gobsmacked. Bastards. Oh and Psychic Tension was made up to push Benzos. Scummbags.
#longlivejohnoliver
I wish he would also touch on the fact that many patients now are suffering and dying because pain meds are so difficult to have prescribed even for legitimate issues. The suicide rate for people w/ chronic pain has increased significantly with less in the last few years. Cause of my pain meds I am no longer bedbound…
"billionaire goes to space and dies there" yes please.
I don't usually give a thumbs up to a corporate funded channel that gets unfairly prioritized over independent creators I'm actually subscribed to  But that billionaire goes to space and dies there joke was right up my alley 👍
Let me quote The Grateful Dead here….  Don’t you let that deeeal go down!
This is where our country gets it wrong when they were found guilty we shouldn't have given them a find and all this other dumb s*** we should have taken everything they had liquidated everything taking that money and built rehab centers and gave away free opioid addiction medication with every last penny and we should also give a million dollars to every family who lost someone to an overdose due to their drugs
I have no problem doing things that I think it's okay to go to jail for.. so I will not actively seek him out and chances are I never will see him but if I get lucky enough to ever see him I just might have to put him on my beat the f*** out of you list whooping his ass would be worth 6 months in jail
These turds are worse than J Epstein.
The US legal system is such a mess.  A teen is caught with some weed and they're in jail for twenty years, and down the street a father assaults his kid, is caught, the child isn't belived (since children lie about sex acts all the time, right?  right?) and he not only gets of scott free but the kid is still stuck with him
So basically nothing is illigal immoral, or punishable, as long as your filthy rich. You know they're probably gonna do something else, and get away with it then too
I don't understand how the DOJ did an investigation and found pretty incriminating evidence and then did nothing, like what the fuck. And what about the convenient judge in white plains that just so happened to give them third party release, how is he allowed to be a judge? What about the other government bodies that said the Sacklers violated the constitution. How the fuck can they just get away with this it doesn't make sense bruh
I could be wrong but it does seem that the opioid problem has coincided with us control of opium production in Afghanistan
The Sacklers have been granted immunity… Another sad example of corruption in the US Legal system.
Why do I feel like this same thing is going to happen with the over prescribing of antidepressants in the next 20 to 50 years .  There is no doubt that some people need pain relief and help with depression in the short term or in extreme cases but not the way it is being dealt with at the moment
The question is not how many billions they pay or keep. The question is how many years they spend in jail. Poisoning people is illegal. It's a really serious crime.
I wish John Oliver would do a piece on the Marcos Family, this is almost the same just change Sacler to Marcos.
There was a point in time where I would have thought that Adolf Hitler was the worst human being we have seen over the last 100 years. Now I'm not so sure. If even Hitler had been leading Purdue I think more principled decisions would have been made. The Sacklers are literally worse than Hitler.
Jesus Christ saves from sin. Romans 3: 23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Hebrews 9: 27  And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: Isaiah 64: 6  But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and we all do fade as a leaf; and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away. Revelation 21: 8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death. Romans 5: 8  But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. John 3: 16  For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. John 14: 6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. Romans 10: 9-10.  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Jesus said John 5: 24  Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life. 1John 5: 10-13 He that believeth on the Son of God hath the witness in himself: he that believeth not God hath made him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of his Son. And this is the record, that God hath given to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son. He that hath the Son hath life; and he that hath not the Son of God hath not life. These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God. Ephesians 2: 8-9  For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast. Romans 8: 1  There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. 1 Corinthians 15: 3-4 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures: 2 Corinthians 5: 21 For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. ,.................................................................................................................................................
WE ARE WITNESSING THE UNRAVELING OF AMERIKKKA ... WE MUST CONSIDER THE 🕙 TIME ... COLLATERAL BEAUTY ... ❤💪🏾💯👍🏾
6:31 name of this goofy actor ?
PFAS, Big pharma, oil spills, lead contamination, poor infrastructure design, all these things are provided to the American in the name of freedom. We are not free, we are oppressed by a system that seeks to exploit and kill us while us flipping the bill and burying our heads in the sand with our poor education system. Everything benefits the rich. Not even DJ Khaled comes close to these peoples wealth, they live in a bubble and see us as ants.
That song was the most greedy capitalist Disney villain shit ever
I used to really like him...until I started seeing him for what he is: a paid shill for the left. Now I can’t stand him
Purdue one of the most successful drug dealers ever
My fat ass thought he was talking about the chicken company lol
This video is anti-semitic! Reported for hate speech!
Be careful fucking with a linguist, you never know when they’ll decide to reduce you to schwa.
I usually love your videos... but the family made a product good or bad it doesn't matter... doctors were the ones writing scripts left and right without any real regulation. So if you are upset take it to the regulation committees and physicians...
Purdue pharma killed my cousin.
This Federal Judge Robert Drain approved a bankruptcy settlement on Wednesday that grants the Sackers "global peace" from any liability for the opioid epidemic. Drain is a bankruptcy judge for the United States bankruptcy court, Southern District of New York. He was appointed on May 24, 2002, and his current term will expire on May 23, 2030. On September 28, 2021, Drain announced he plans to retire on June 30, 2022. Is it a coincidence that he announced 27 days after he gave Sackers blanket immunity? First we need term limits on all judges including the supreme court and secondly this verdict should be appealed.
Is it a surprise who the people pushing opioids sales on everyone are?
This is why Canada passed a rule years ago that allowed for victim impact statements. So that the victims of crime can have their day in court to confront the people that hurt them and allow  their voices to be heard
✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡Sackler✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡✡
This will never stop happening until accountability and liability is brought to the people who make choices to break the law through their companies. That will never happen until the justice system of america is not controlled by money and corporate interests. That's late stage capitalism. It will never change until something truly horrible happens on a large scale, because people are lazy.
No consequences. No accountability. No justice. I guess let's just complain about that and then do absolutely nothing about that. Which is to say, let's pretend to be upset by it but then approve of it by explicitly allowing it to continue.
I don't care about how much money they have. Put them in prison.
Where did they get the ingredients to make these pills ????!??
I broke my ankle back in 2018 and the doctor told me that it would just heal by itself since it wasn't bad enough to operate.  She was kind enough to offer to prescribe me something for the pain . . . no less than three times.  I wasn't sure what part of "no" she didn't hear the first time but I think I got through to her after the third time she offered.
Richard Sackler doesn't know his head from his ass!  And Kathy, you could have prevented MASS MURDER!!!
Praise you m'john!
In a proper country, the Sacklers would be spending the rest of their lives in the gulag.
I miss the many laughs when he tells a good joke
The company made it an sold it but nobody can get it without a Doctor. So imo the Doctors are equally if not more at fault.
This is exactly why Corporations are formed. To be a shield from Liability to the actual people controlling the corporation.
I would prefer a precedent be set that businesspeople be held accountable for the evil they do than ANY amount of money go to opioid abatement.
The are real life Babel company and Jang Han-Seok, from Vincenzo
#OMG!
Kathy: "Excuse me [I'm speaking semantics]." Everybody else with an actual brain: "I'm an individual person, & you're full of bull hockey." Ouuuf 🤦🏻‍♀️
My sweet friend died at just 21 years old after only a month of using these drugs. Screw the Sacklers forever.
The Sacklers got off free...free to live the high life
So, if I create and register a corporation (say… Michael Anthony inc.), and use it to, perhaps, defraud investors and finance a hitman to assassinate Kathy Sackler..  Does that mean I would, hypothetically, avoid any and all repercussions,  since the felony conviction would fall to Michael Anthony inc. (the corporate entity), and not Michael Anthony (the individual)??
Makes a joke about "billionaire going to space" being killed .... doesn't suggest that people kill the sacklers.   Good to see you draw the line where you wish death at the number of 0's in their net worth and not the destruction they have caused humans. Maybe either just suggest all the bad rich people be killed .... or keep making "jokes" about wanting someone to die until you end up like kathy griffin.
I won’t be happy until these bastards are arrested for drug trafficking
They were not medicine traders but rather Drug Lords likes of Escobar and should be treated the same.
If only the French Monarchy managed to survive till modern day?  They could literally get away with turning the population into crack heads and destroy peoples lives and nobody would dare behead them on madame guillotine.
Ahh yes, the same big pharma geniuses that swore under oath that oxycontin wasn't addictive are now telling us they're newest vax isn't dangerous in any way.  Thanks for speaking truth to power John.
Sacklers got what they wanted. :-(
I love Chappelle on this:  Now I finally understand how white people saw us during the crack epidemic Yeah I dont care either, "Just say no" (quoting Nancy Reagan) whats so hard about that.
London arts gallery told the Sacklers & their money to fk off
Fox media are about as bad as the opioid epidemic.
My life would change forever if I got 1 million dollars. How do you need to grab onto your billions so much? Keep like 2 billion to be set for life and get rich again investing in something else.
Just finished the last season of Goliath, all about the opioid crisis and the family cover up for money! 🤬🤬🤬 connecting Sackler dots! Thank you JOHNO!
take every penny. dissolve the company, have the scientists work to develop medicine in the newly nationalised labs, abolish patents for medication. this stuff is the bare minimum required.
wow. it’s almost as if capitalism itself is immoral. wouldn’t go that far though, would you johnny
America is so unique as a country.   How can a company be this corrupt and causing countless deaths yet still allowed to produce more?   Can someone make this sense to me?
Please share this everybody!
people like this have to go outside and be in public at some time.
Exactly John Oliver!  Maybe have a word with HBO and your friend Bill Maher.  This is not going to end well - jump whilst you can.  You are been lectured by Putin. Try to explain that to your subscribers later, because it’s going to be everywhere. Fox and Tucker Carlson have already started.  The Republicans are there already ref: Ted Cruz a few days ago
fucking brilliant
It's a shame that those families don't just get together and pay for a gunman to go shoot their least favourite Sackler. I mean, if you aren't going to get any legal justice...
She’s a shame to all linguists.
Why can't I give a cop $200 bucks to prevent a DUI charge when these people can absolve themselves of all the bodies their product was responsible for... Just an example, no DUI charges we're acquired BUT IF THEY WERE
If it sounds weird, you haven't been paying attention.  Companies change location to pick courts all the damn time (or in the first place). Never mind having bought the favorable conditions for bankruptcy and executive protection from suits through the company. I don't know of any of these sorts of white-washing after a bankruptcy (I wasn't paying attention to any of them either), but this is not the first time the responsible persons escaped behind the company they ran...
My dad died from the big C, the C fell off a Chillies sign.
Never mind fucking overdose, where is the latest edition, 'YouTube' pulled the last one or am I dreaming😒👍🚬
All John's Opiod shows should be educational material for high schoolers.
Legally selling opioids to to the largest economy in the world is THE MOST gangster move in human history. Imagine being that powerful
I... F#CKING... LOVE... YOU!!!
I think they shouldn't be aloud to keep money and they should do life in prison personally.
I feel not enough people got "make two proper nouns into a double negative."
Completely unwarranted Chili's hate smh
Decent script but goddamn John looks like shit.  Thumbs up!
Corporations are supposed to be people, until they aren't.  Good grief.
What I've learned since 2016 is that there is no justice and the world is always better to evil people. It's not worth it to be good
You guys know crack is still worse. Everyone ignores crack and it's far worse. Anyone who has been an addict knows. It's funny no one talks about it.
The US legal system has jurisdiction over the .com domains. The Sacklers probably avoided it on purpose.
The sacklers should be forced to spend some of their 15b an rehab for those affected but it won’t cost em a penny
Yet when people are reluctant to not trust vaccinations by these corporations they are labelled as an anti-vaxer. Why should people trust pharmaceutical companies and doctors when they have harmed so many people?
The ruthless viscose prenatally choke because blizzard physiologically jog with a demonic column.  fascinated, faithful hearing
Season 4 of "Goliath" on Amazon Prime features Billy Bob Thornton as a lawyer bent on bringing down pharmaceutical giants who knowingly pushed their highly addictive and lethal drugs on the public. The entire season is clearly inspired by Purdue Pharma, though the names have been changed to protect the guilty 😒 J.K. Simmons is the ruthless pharma executive George Zax and he is as devious as they come. Well worth a peep.
This is the last time I will call it the “opioid epidemic”. From now until forever, it will be referred to as the “Sackler’s Opioid Epidemic”. They should have their name attached to more than museums.
I cannot actually believe I just saw the Purdue Shout! sales song… I don’t know what to write that fully expresses my disgust with this ethical horror. (No problem with the idea and manufacture of a slow release high effective painkiller for folks who really need help. But a MASSIVE problem with pushing so hard for it to be dolled out by doctors like smarties for anyone who has stubbed their toe!)
America needs easier access and stronger more deadly drugs.  If your dumb enough to get addicted to drugs you should O.D in an alley already.  Sick of seeing drug addicts waste the medical systems time.
The justice system is broken beyond any type of redemption. It's unconscionable.
Sounds like the rich have got it made in the shade
Beware of linguists, John. I’m betting that Noam Chomsky would intimidate you. Let’s try it!
Yikes America
Anyone else notice the subtle American-ish way he pronounced Purdue in this video, i.e. puhdoo instead of puhdyu (which is how it would be pronounced in the UK), I find it so annoying, sounds like a fake British accent! Now he’s even saying “rowter” smh
Restoring my faith in humanity now requires that the day after this deal is agreed, all the Sackler's get hit with criminal proceedings
I became a heroin addict. My addiction began the day I was prescribed Oxycontin by a doctor that I believed I could trust.  There is absolutely no price I could put on the work that I have put into getting out of the hole addiction put me into. NO AMOUNT HIGH ENOUGH. F*** Purdue F*** the Sacklers and I truly wish them all an addiction. Because THAT is the worst thing that you could do to them. Get them hooked on their own shit... Then let em loose.
America is so broken.
3:05 Dude acting like he isn't worth a hundred million too
Is there anything in America that’s classed as a crime? Apart from not being rich enough
It’s so incredibly rage inducing knowing the outcome. They got off completely. They’ve bought their way out of any liability and remain billionaires. The judge backed them entirely. Justice will come. Just not from the courts.
Made it all the way to 0:15   Well done John, I know that took restraint
Richard Kind is American Treasure
His face is smaller than his head and his hands are oddly large but I love him
I had a 5 year addiction to Vicodin to be replaced by a 12 year addiction to suboxone.
Fentanyl contamination is killing people not pharmaceutical opioids
First opioid special said 30k deaths, second said 47k, now 70k holy shit dude Edit: spelled dude wrong
Why is so much in America cult like?
It's odd that no one has investigated racketeering law regarding this. Technically the FBI should be intervening... but hey, apparently that just stands for 'f*cking b*tch idiots'
HBO would do the same
Chili’s slander
I was given fentanyl after an operation. Wooo, it had me babbling like an idiot. Never want to go there again.
1:28 Never use your own products man... never do. I gotta say though, everyone involved in this case look like they had a bit too much oxy... free samples anyone?
"Nobody is intimidated by a linguist..."  Well, I'd be pretty intimidated being in the presence of Noam Chomsky.
Hitler had a boss?
#freelambchop
But are they a cunning linguist?
"billionaire goes to space and dies there" is a very good point I never thought of. I think I'm going be watching the live feeds of these space flights now 🤣
2.4k dislikes? how many people are being sued again?
The timing of this show couldn't be better.
Christ Almighty.
Sounds like the sweetheart deal Jeff Epstein got in his first trial - and looked what happened after that.
Did the Drs who got illegal kickbacks get booted or face legal ramifications too?
I don't know John Tolkien was a linguist and he killed people in the war, I wouldn't fuck with him.
Just disgusting....What's wrong with your legal system America?!
I love Richard.
This was such heinous criminality I can't leave it. You can't import opium into the U.S. so, these Einstien's came up with a "synthetic opiate", they could manufacture here and it was off to the races. The REAL offenders are the thousands of M.D.'s, across the country, that handed the shizz out like it was candy to line their own pockets. Even though, they spent a LONG time in medical school learning about the ridiculous dangers of addictive pain drugs. They ALL knew perfectly what they were creating and didn't give a rats azz. The money talked. The Sacklers knew they would face scrutiny and did. And then, simply paid their way out of the jam. When you sell 20 billion in drugs and you get fined 10 billion by the Fed your still worth 10 billion dollars. It was a win for them.
Was she trying to say that she was a cunning linguist?
More then a  generation
Killers . Prison for life  Or death
Murder....DEVIL... ..   killed 3 of my family.....
Why do I feel like their insurance is going to go up again
Another example of how the legal system in the US is designed to protect the rich & crush those without power & money. Liked Richard Kind since Spin City.
That "real Richard Nutsack" guy has an incredibly animated face.  :-)
Took everything I had in my being to save my brother… I thank god everyday that he is alive.
Aahhh, kill them all? Maybe? Is that rash? I DUNNO!!!!
"Non-consensual third party release" sounds like something a rich sexual offender can pay for under the table
WHY NOT TAKE THE MONEY and destroy the founders ?  Why are we negotiating with TERRORISTS!?!?!!?!?
Only in America...atleast theyre living the dream...while all others live a waking nightmare.
You lock up heroin dealers we lock up illegal oxy dealers we lock up fentanyl dealers! The fact that these drug dealers are not being prosecuted for poisoning our country is the most disgusting thing I've ever heard of in the sphere of drug policy. The judge in this case is a coward and is probably bought by the sacklers. They deserve the same sentence as a man who sold the equivalent amount of heroin!
7:00 At least now we know whose voice Elizabeth Holmes tried to immitate.
such an American story
He's right. The actor was more charismatic.
you can tell they're guilty because: if any of us found out our family was profiting from the deaths of citizens, we would immediately apologise simply to acknowledge how fucked this all is
Les bouledogues vigneronnes translates to "Wine-making Female Bulldogs."
Wait, one of the actors playing Sackler recently passed away from a fentanyl overdose?
Damn that LBV brand isn't even written in proper french, it should be Le Bouledogue Vigneron instead of Le Bouledogue Vigneronne.
If they get away with this deal someone should just hire assassins
It's fucked up that when I heard that Perdue makes $11 billion I was like 'oh well, that's not too bad, it could be closer to $100 billion' when they're profiting from the deaths of thousands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qS7Wgj6CfWQ
Shouldn't the fda be and doctor's  be held responsible.  Perdue is a company that made a pain relief medicine but doctors and the fda are the one's that got it in people's  system.  Is Clorox next cause people abuse it to kill themselves
Actually, to take you up on it John, if one did say: “didn’t you already do a show about this.” One wouldn’t be wrong, as you say, because a singular and a plural can both be correct in the same consideration. They are not mutually exclusive. Seeing as you are very English, I thought I’d correct you on your own language.
stop giving your kids drugs plain and simple
Don't go to that website! It's click bait! There's no pesto chicken recipe on there!
Cornel west
Shoutout to companies being able to kill hundreds of thousands of people and no one ever goes to jail. This country is a fucking joke.
Fingers crossed the sackler family accountant commits fraud and disappears wit billions
It makes me sick to think they get to leave, with billions and no consequences, just because they HAVE billions.
Whens Narcos gona do this?
IMO they should all be arrested and imprisoned forever for destroying thousands of lives
Waiting for the Afghanistan episode. The "exit strategy".
As a linguist... yeah okay sure
Thanks John, you nailed this episode, just when I needed you most. 💞 THANKYOU
Gotta slip that "dead billionaire good", because we all know wealth equals bad.   So all you out there planning on becoming rich and owning a company that does numbers remember, when you finally do make it John Oliver will hate you.
When he said about the website I was crossing my fingers so much that we’d see that beautiful boi on it, not disappointed at all!
These American are so different from the world...... I don't understand how they manage to Progress this so far....
I don't get why rich people can have literal billions and still have awful teeth
I love you John Oliver and your team, for your care you put into this. I was prescribed opiates for 10 years, and immediately cut off by the doctor one day for no reason. He just said I can't give them too you anymore. Needless too say, at the time I was oblivious to what addiction was or withdraws or anything like that because I never heard of in my life or experienced it. As you can imagine my life went down hill pretty quick, I'm now on the path too recovery but it's been alot of painful years of mental, and physical stress. And Tons of mental and physical therapy. So thank you so much for exposing these evil peices of shit.
Coke cola
I’m so infuriated I couldn’t make it to the end
How do they not worry everyday that the earth won’t swallow them up.
John, will vaccine leverage be used on Taliban once Covid-19 gets its spikes into the Taliban?!
This is cool and all but can doctors stop prescribing narcotics for periods and white people booboos and start prescribing them to people with whole-body genetic illnesses? Just once? I can't get anything for my joints rotting out from under me while some moron who slams his hand with a hammer gets a year worth of vicodin
This is a great episode. Except for the dumb joke at 2:00 where he says the Twin Towers are featured prominently in every 90's sitcom reminding everyone they are there. Because terrorists took down the World trade center. So what you're saying with this ridiculously stupid joke, is that we are the reason the terrorists attacked on 9/11 cuz we presented them with the target. Fire that idiot writer who came up with that.
now you know the formula....... stop complaining and get rich.....dont a be a moral dummy
And can someone please stop the whole 'pharma rep sale' schtick? It's not the 1950s and drugs are not Tupperware to be advertised and sold as many or as fast 😫🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
this is gold i am so tired being in health care and loosing patients to opioids and doctors over prescribing and nasty drug reps flirting with married physicians to push this stuff. over it
oxycotin is a great medicine.  If people are misusing it the doctors and people using it are accountable.  This is just a scapegoat for societal problems.
What about the doctors who prescribed the drug? Opioids have their use. I’m an MD and I’m responsible for what I give my patients. Don’t care what’s sales reps say…
1:12 Oxycontin! Sell!
It's the Sackler's paying of the legal system to get away with all of their past, current, and future crimes.    This IS bullshit.
You do know that Shari Lewis passed away years ago?
Why do we get so upset that people die? The Sacklers to my knowledge didn't hold anyone down and stuff oxycontine down their throats. Hey... People fu*king die. Some by their own hand, others from by disease, some by war and on and on. We will all die at some point so don't get so exercised over it. Within a billion years we will all be dead. Seems a long time away but that time will come. Sorry dude... Everyone dead. Humanity won't exist. It just is what it is. Death is a natural part of existence.
Get them all addicted, take their money away for a 5 years, drop them off in Philly (Kensington), PA . If they are still alive, they get the money back and all the memories of the good years sucking D1ck for 1 more hit
I'm agnostic but this is why I want a God, or at the very least a cosmic justice system. If you're rich enough, literally nothing matters. Unbelievable that such a debt could go unpaid.
Well done you are a legend after all
John Oliver is a HERO
So, when a corporation is guilty,  what does it mean? Pay lots of $$$, but they have deep pockets.
And then there is Chapo Guzman spending the rest of his life in prison. No money, no nothing… I don’t see a single difference other then one of them is wearing a suite and singing like an idiot .
John Oliver should be a mandatory course in last year of high school or one of university.
A fair amount of people who know that my man needs his due to a full rotator cuff tare they constantly ask for him to sell to them....anyways he let's me buy 10 when he gets them every 3 months and I use them cuz my monthly makes it so I can bairly walk so yea I'm the only one he sells to and he still has more than enough to last some days are better for him
Thank you for your work!
Richard Sackler?  Dick Sackler
It’s time to pull out the guillotine
The saclkers need to hang from a tree. Only then will we have justice.
You know what makes me sad? Seeing how much literally 2 years has grayed my boy John’s hair.
John Oliver didn't kill himself !
Very unpopular opinion here, but I never could comprehend the absolute contempt for the pharmaceutical companies or families who run this business. It's a fact that opiates are extremely addictive and have the capacity to be dangerous if overdone, this is true, but there is a reason they are prescribed. Because despite the risk, they are so useful for suffering that we use them anyway. I just feel like everyone wants to blame someone when the fact is people need these drugs, and yes, people are going to die because of them, but people NEED them for pain. Now we are in a situation where they are being underperscribed and i myself couldn't get opiates after I was in a car accident and in serious pain.
For the record every drug dealer knows what they are making ...
John, it's America, a democracy of freedom and enterprise where you growl and roar like an attack chihuahua at the corporations that pay you. Go, bite their ankles, but don't break the skin.
BDE
Wasn't that Stargate Atlantis' Lucius as Sackler?
As a linguistics major, "English major who wasted more time" is...kind of accurate?
WHAT A LACK OF STUPIDITY !!
That man singing is chaotic evil and I love it lmao
If the Sackler family actually cared about their image, they would be trying to fix their mess instead of absolve themselves of blame for it.
Those sacklers are going straight to hell. Knowing what they were doing to people, and yet continuing, to make themself rich.
Thanks, and welcome.  my mind hopefully this all goes before and better than you
why is the site down....
can you please do a segment on the stock market and how market makers, hedge funds and dark pools are ripping the retail traders off? I feel it would be really informative and a highly rated episode if you did.
Money is dirty ... at least concentrated money in the hands of the Establishment criminals.  Why do Americans worship these evil people ?
Sorry, John, but corporations are people.  Dictionary Act.  Needs to be fixed; need will be.
.
I smell shi-te...... yeah definitely shi-te
💨
Poop
Lol "no billions"
That third party release law which lists all the conditions until the beginning of time is absoultely insane! What a massive cop out and scapegoat!
#dreamland
10:09 Boom! Linguist fucked with! LOL...best line ever
Did I forget the attorneys who deflect and defer the process with full disregard for truth, let alone justice all for the sake of lining their own pockets?
But the Sacklers are just the poster children for a host of ethically blind or compromised people. Is there a connection between the 20 yrs and several trillion dollars we spent in Afghanistan, the poppy fields that make the country the number one opium producer in the world, companies owned by the Sacklers and the like, and US doctors prescribing OxyContin for sprained ankles? Hmmmm…..
Me-looks for song on i-tunes
In absolute NEED of a show like this for my country! I love this show because it is research that is conducted and presented systematically, with a hint of intelligent humor. Tired of watching 'THE NEWS' .
From 1999–2019, nearly 500,000 people died from an overdose involving any opioid, including prescription and illicit opioids. Talk about BLOOD MONEY!
Oxy is fine and very manageable if used in a responsible manner. it's the abusers that give everything a bad name.
This piece is incredibly antisemitic. Shame on you John Oliver for harassing a poor, innocent Jewish family.
Just looked up Richard Sackler's Early Life on Wikipedia. Needless to say I'm not surprised.
This is usually how it is, a guy will get a speeding ticket, and it will ruin his life because of the weird fucking fees some states require you to pay, he will lose everything literally. But if you are a rich guy, you can give up a drop in the fuckiung bucket and get away
For profit healthcare will always yield monsters like Purdue. I don’t hold hope we’ll ever change our system either. Humanity cares more about profit than healing.
Great vid
Don't fuck with Noam!
It’s disgusting!
John, you splunt, why not talk about say,  Martin Shkreli and the firm that still charges 100's per month for a life saving Aids drug, the  Vyera Pharmaceuticals all while Martin is removed from and receives nothing,  but hmmmm, we prosecuted an investor to remove them from the residuals!!!
1 Fkn Word! Investment.  That's right, the Sacklers were investors in a pharma product that alleviates pain, depression and helps people cope with LIFE! Good to See John O, getting big bucks for the zeitgeist spin against the investors. FACT Sacklers being removed from liability has no effect on the continued prescriptions and abuses of Opioids. Thank you CCP for making the drugs cheap for big pharma to import.
I worked in rehab from 2005. Thus was coming down the pipeline for a long time
I totally agree with John on everything but Lamb Chop.  Like the puppet or don’t like the puppet, I don’t care. But Shari Lewis stopped being responsible for anything Lamb Chop says on August 2, 1998, the day of Shari Lewis’s death. Just saying.
and it would seem the Woketard Radical Lefties want the U.S. Southern Border wide open to allow even more Fentanyl, Heroin & Meth in.
Big Pharma = Legal drug lords
man stuff like this sure makes me wish this were some some sort of... like Supreme Jurisdiction. or something big yah know, like big big.
i still don't understand how this show is better than the sacks when you all use the same maha mudras?   am i missing something?  i am?  oh. OK.
that video was shot in Orlando right? the sales video?
and thats when they actually paid it and deleted it.
They got away with it.
The Sacklers were granted the immunity. Because that's the country we live in.
This is capitalism, profits over human lives, profits over the betterment of society.
Would be interesting to see a similar video about cigarette companies which cause an estimated 500K deaths per year in the USA alone.
The show sounds odd without the audience laughter. Great segment tho
While attaining the website is hilarious, it is so beautiful and impactful that the families of the deceased have been able to express themselves for the first time on the website.  Thanks Last Week Tonight, John and HBO!
19:30
Love you John. (No Homo) The Suckler family will inevitably pay a very heavy price as the wheel of cosmic justice turns.  Too bad we can't see whats going on in their tiny, tiny hearts. Smaller even than the Grinch. But take some satisfaction in knowing that no one escapes their conscience. Suffering is a seed, that, like cancer, begins to grow and spread, until the cosmic debt is paid. Thanks John and staff. Looking foreward to Opioids IV. Keep us posted.
When you're rich, "justice" means paying a small percentage of your profits in fines for the harm you cause.
Exactly - Sacklers should have NO money and go to jail for murder, mass murder.
People have to have a modicum of responsibility for putting this stuff in their body repeatedly.
Drug companies promote their drugs. Big deal. A time-released dose is weaker although we can no longer speak truth in America. No one had to take these drugs. I  wonder will Mr. Oliver deem it overprescription when he gets cancer. Oliver is an ignoramus and is incapable of nuance when he feels things emotionally.
I hate when companies get charged instead of companies AND THE PEOPLE who committed the crime. It’s not like the company is a rogue robot. You did it.
How about we talk about baby killers and how the Democrats created plan parenthood to keep control of the black population as a form of slavery. That's the real problem
They commit felonies, but no one goes to jail and pay fines less than they received in profits.
Purduetion.
The title should be: new Hitler family commits massmurder and gets away with it, because of being rich
Two Words: Second amendment. It is the duty of every American citizen to do justice where the government fails to.
wtf is a "1 click a ring light?"
Brilliant move! 💪
Here's a thought.  How about revoking the corporate entries owned by Purdue.
America is worst than a dictatorship, the rich have ZERO ACCOUNTABILITY !!
Donald Trump declared a national emergency over this drug.  What has Joe Biden done about this?
Purdue and its owners are the epitome of corporate evil. Right up there with the tobacco industry's disinformation against lung disease  caused by cigarettes and the fossil fuel industry's misinformation campaign against global warming.
Newsflash!:  the 1% own this country and operate by a different set of rules
Here from the future to report that: yep. That bankruptcy deal went through two days ago, so the Sacklers face no consequences.
Saudi princes and Russian dictators kill journalists at will and our politicians shake their hands. It's all part of the power game. This is no different.
Brilliant!
There are people who genuinely need it for pain management....... And then there are the people causing this problem,.. people with no pain, no prescription, who just want to get HIGH, and will buy junk on the street!!  And THEY make it difficult for those who need it for severe pain, and they don't abuse it.... They don't sell it on the street....  But more and more.... the illegal users are making it harder and harder for the legitimate patients to get their prescription, cause this BS epidemic has the Doctors leary on writing the prescriptions.   How about going after the druggies, and addicts getting illegal oxy on the street....  AND STOP MAKING IT SO HARD ON SICK PEOPLE!!!
The other end of the opioid epidemic shit show is that people with real chronic or intermittent pain from accidents or nasty medical conditions cannot get the medication they need, because doctors and hospitals label them as "drug seekers" and push them out the door. They're scared of being charged with over-prescribing and that leads to under-diagnosing. I've read accounts from people who nearly died because the ER doc dismissed an intestinal blockage or acute gall bladder problem as "drug seeking" and so it's quite likely that some people have died. And the reason doctors and hospitals do this is that they check a very flawed database of everyone's medical history that red flags people over anything from a traumatic childhood injury to cancer treatment to medications they bought for a pet.
the sacklers JUST got their immunity so... I guess they really did get away with it
Oxicontin killed 1/2 a million people in less than 2 years on equal playing field with Covid.
@lastweektonight Needs to make another piece on football (soccer) about the allegations around Qatari and Saudi owned teams...
A lot of people may be going to Hell, but to really get to the lowest circles, you've got to be a judge or a CEO.
I don't know that guy seems legit,j just doesn't know much.
B..but where's the chicken?
What the actual... FUCK! and people wonder why I hate pharmaceutical sales reps... Honestly fuck these companies.
I'm a heroin addict since 15 yrs old 2014~
It'd be great if we ever figured out whether corporations were people or not
I actually got goosebunps and felt giddy when I realized where he was going with the website domain. What a fun twist. Such a smart way to simultaneously give victims and survivors a platform, and finally their voices heard and also take a hilarious jab at the Sacklers. Even if justice isn't served, chairman was right- this sure is better than nothing. Last week tonight is brilliant.
Watching this after the Sacklers won full immunity in bankruptcy court makes me even more angry.   John is doing the lordt’s work. Thanks for keeping us mad.
"There is an absurd video of a comrade talking to President Biden in a crowd where this same guy claims that President Biden has blood on his hands for the Iraq war. This is nonsense! Who started that war was President Bush and Afghanistan alike after the Violence of the terrorist attack on the Twin Towers in New York! And this fellow shouted that the blood was on Bidem's hands! He did this out of pure envy of him leaving Afghanistan and with the courage to do this and not spend more money that should be used in the USA for the population of the wonderful United States of America! A Donaldian envy! Horrible ! And in those wars, I believe, they were only soldiers who were in the US military and there was no call for civilians as in the case of Vietnam. Soldier and Soldier! And in Iraq a private army that is on the side of the republicans, called Black Waters, that yes, killed many civilians in that country! Sad this trumpian and republican envy to produce so many lies and Fake videos against Biden who is a very good President!
I feel like it's common enough in American culture, politics, television, to demonize the cartels that run the drug trade through the Americas as well as the governments that allow them to exist. Here, we have a drug-peddling cartel working entirely within the jurisdiction of the United States, causing thousands of deaths a year, and still nothing puts a stop to it. Three cheers for capitalism.
The personal Immunity the Sacklers wanted has been granted as of this week. Corrupt and disgusting
So basically drug dealers need to start a company with multiple owners so they can lose it and start over again without being sentenced?  "I didn't sell meth, it was the company 'CrystalClear', I'm an individual person"
Purdue, google, snapchat, tinder, uber, ebay, amazon, are all made by people who can create indefinite aliases. Love time.
alcohol is bad, oxy is bad, shrooms are bad, extacy is bad, lsd is bad, peyote is bad, dmt is bad, mdma is good, dmt is good, extacy is good etc, etc, etc: keep placing blame and blame will continue forever.
Well, sounds like a drug cartel to me. Why are they not treated as a drug cartel? Seize all the assets, and then talk jail time.
Well this is extra depressing after the recent news...
As a life-long sales rep, I feel understood for the first time. John recognizes our trauma of long, awkward road trips with our bosses. Yes, John, yes. We live this trauma every month.
for the lives that were lost and the toll upon society...they all deserve death sentences and nothing less. Rid the earth of this scum and be done with em.
funny how a drug dealer can get busted with a kilo of coke and get 15 years...but a family can make billions selling drugs, kill thousands and not only claim no responsibility but keep the money and get away with it and not be chased legally ever.... What a farce. We need laws that says what you do you are held accountable for even if its direct or indirect. Fucking farce....i can see our nations founders rolling over in graves.
Fentanyl, Chrystal meth, oxycontin.. People are looking for ways to drug themselves, and this is the bottom line..the Louvre took off the plaque  with Purdue's name but did not have the guts to return millions in donations. Hypocrites.
Jews right?
😂😂😂😂😂 10 billion lol 😂
canadian election episode soon?
They fucking won yesterday
We have people.who are finally off of the.opiod pills, only to be smoking meth and crack cocaine! Gee, who's bringing all of those drugs in???
If companies are persons, Purdue needs to be held accountable as any other person charged with the same crime. Oh, whats that? The Sackler's have money and can get rich people justice? And corporations are rarely if ever found liable despite corporate personhood? Oh..neat.
The Sacklers belong in jail without any money left - like those opioid junkies who end up there.
"Kicking into high gear" - most underrated pun
I am very surprised that a large company used it's financial position to employ an army of lawyers to get them off the hook for all of the evil things they did to make large sums of money. Very surprised.
I just got the bad news today. The judge granted it.
I had to stop the video. WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO KATHY'S CHIN???
Perhaps the Sacklers will get theirs in existential hell?
"Linguist Fucked with, Boom!" Tshirt.
Hang e'm all
Meanwhile the CDC is saying guns are a big health threat.... Yeah, I think nearly 100k overdoses in 2020 is kind of a bigger deal than a small fraction as many deaths being gun homicides. Why doesn't the CDC talk about that?
Do a part 4 on Suboxone, an opiate management drug, pill form, kinda like methadone for heroin addicts. Purdue is now profiting off of Suboxone drug therapy. Suboxone should be made free and available to everyone who got hooked on oxycontin and other opiates that they pushed into the market while knowing full well how highly addictive it was. I've been on Suboxone over 5 years. Luckily I have free Pharma in Canada. If I didn't i'd be suing the Sacklers or I'd be a junkie living on the streets. Fck the Sacklers, they all deserve a special place in hell
Aaaaaand the Sacklers won, despite the protests of so many in this supposed democracy. Death to American government, burn it all down, cut it out like the self serving cancer it is. Nothing will change until heads roll.
If you ever get money, first get a good lawyer, then get a good accountant.
You have to realize that they want us to die.
Looks like the Sacklers have been given immunity from future opioid lawsuits.   We need to throw our court system in the trash.  Update: and now that decision was reversed?  Legal system is still bad though, lol
#painwarriors
It's funny because they inadvertently gave everyone a comprehensive list of about 200 people responsible for this sh*tshow.
Hey, I never knew John was making a documentary about Thunder Bay!
Billionaire goes to jail and dies there lololol
Richard Kind if a gift.
Sacklers give jews a bad name
When did he talk about Pfizer lawsuits
This epidemic was vastly under reported. Many patients were never notified of the settlement in the first round. Or the victims of overdoses. The Sackler family (or Purdue, in actuality) did a cost benefit analysis of what the law suits would cost, invested that money and ended up making more than they paid out. They knew.
Are they in jail?  No?  Okay try again.  That’s all these scumbags deserve
TALK ABOUT KRATOM ASS HOLE SPEND LESS TIME ON TUCKER CARLSON PERHAPS
What about people with severe illness who need opioids for chronic non stop pain, most others cannot even imagine, losing their access to the only medications that work for them? I stopped respecting this program as it joined in the massive anti-opioid campaign that went after patients with life long illnesses who need these medications. John Oliver could care less about those who used to be able to work, play with their grandkids and have quality of life opioid medications allowed them to have. These patients are losing their access because of propaganda like this show that doesn't look at the collateral damage they are contributing to. I know people who are in so much pain now they are suicidal. Many have died rather than live in excruciating pain. Opioids are not for everyone, but for those that do need them and are responsible, they are a life line. I dare this show to do a program on who's really losing access and being thrown away....and they're not addicts who abuse them, they are very sick and very injured human beings who deserve pain relief and have tried every other methods, but opioids are the only thing that worked.  Now people who used to play with their kids are bedridden and in terrible, unimaginable pain. But talking about how opioids do help chronic pain patients when other methods don't help, well that doesn't make money in this current atmosphere of opioid-phobia.
I’ve literally been taking Kratom for years with no problems. Right now the corrupt FDA is shooting for an international ban. I’ve been addicted to Opiates pills. Kratom is not any more addictive than coffee and is just as effective if not more. Nobody talks about it. Nobody knows. It’s sad. Start talking about Kratom if you wanna make a difference John. I know you don’t actually care but you know
Keep Kratom legal. It’s so fucking simple.
This is not just opiods, its every other drug company for every drug every telecom vendor, every weapons makers, every tobacco company, every alcohol company, casino, etcetc. This is all just symptoms of one thing, Capitalism in it's pure form, which is profit over humans, money over everything. Reminds me of the war Britain waged against china in order to force chinese to use opium, 25% of the population was on opium and the country collapsed then. Sad to see it happen in real time here.
I hope they leased that domain for a very long time…20years or more.
These people deserve life in prison for this
Welcome to amerikkka the most corrupt entity that has ever existed
This installment makes me as mad as all the others.  Thank you, LWT, for shining some light on these terrible people.  Now, please help the people of Taiwan by doing an episode on how great they are, how well they’ve done with the virus and the threats they face from the CCP.
in my opinion some of the blame should go to the doctors who perscribe these drugs and is there really that big of a difference between the generic and the name brand of this drug that it matters what name they use? because i have seen on my pill bottles the name brand that the generic is comparable too
Absolute legends for making these videos! Screw this family, they should be in prison for all of the families and lives they've destroyed!
The rich get it easier?!?! Shocker!!!! Are they above the law?? YES!!!!
*How izzit, "NO One Is Above The Law"  NEVER APPLIES to Wealth Supremacists* ❓
Sacklers must be slapped with FRAUD +OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE for the "address change."
Big Tobacco "PUBLIC HEALTH"  doesn't cause Lung Cancer either.
I've missed Richard Kind. Always a treat to see him.
The psychedelic luttuce untypically pack because bun taxonomically skip without a sweltering measure. dynamic, pretty grain
Its infuriating that there will be essentially no accountability for the sacklers.
this show is weird without an audience
I have thought John Oliver is funny, but does it bother anyone that he is able to report any one-sided thing that he wants and it can result in the destruction of people's reputations? Sure, the Sacklers are likely a bunch of selfish and terrible people, but what happens when he makes a mistake and reports something that isn't true?
Normally drug dealers go to jail. But if you're a big enough drug dealer it's different.
The plot goes even deeper after this episode I know need opiods :(
Opioids episode 3: revenge of the sith
The overt step-sister relevantly excite because credit superfamily hunt minus a quirky diamond. unarmed, abundant gemini
As an English major with a minor in Linguistics, I kinda protest? Eh, not really.
Thank you John you are a sweetheart to fight for the families who lost loved ones who became addicted to oxycontin.   WE  ARE ALL SO sick of big pharma getting away with this kind of behaviour.  So I say stick it to them as much as you can.
The careless volcano biophysically decay because bronze prognostically scatter before a raspy earthquake. able, snobbish ukraine
Doesn't sound weird to me, limited liability is kind of a big chunk of the whole point to having a company.
"FROM THE BEGINNING OF TIME."
3:00 really made me smile.
John gunna start a mosh
No surprise here. That's what *_pure, unadulterated Capitalism_* looks like. You asked for it... you got it. Don't complain now. When you should have locked down for the COVID disaster, the USA put money before wellbeing and now you're headed for a million COVID deaths.
Jon Oliver's Opioids the Trilogy
The graviitas of "NO BILLIOBS" was peak JO
OxyContin suffered from being successful. Why is pain so widespread? Now Fentynol.
I think what we can do is hit where it hurts them most. They might have abused the american capitalistic system, using their dirty money to escape accountability. But they do not have control over their future reputation, and they seem to care a lot about it. So much that, as John Oliver said, they slap it everywhere they can.  My proposal is as follows: let's help them out. If you're a writer, an artist or whoever else needs to give a name, name your most pathetic person/ thing "Sackler". Give that name to the most spineless of your bad guys, to the lamest of products, to the shittiest, most godforsaken street you are creating, etc.  Make it so that for future generations, the name "Sackler" is stereotypical for a lame bad guy, for the vilest of cowards. Create the most amazing stories you can, so that your legacy can be handed down to future generations and the Sackler mark of infamy lives on, generation after generation, ideally forever.  Let their dirty money cost them the thing that they care about the most.
Please do more of these types of information non political tainted non personal "rich self promotion " units. I trust your research more than anybody.  These bastards need a lot of light shed on them as they operate in the sewer like trolls and more people need to know!! Thx again John.
Oxyconton isnt the problem, irresponsible users have always been the problem.
It's stupid that after a felony conviction a Corporation isn't just shut down. It's fucking common sense, if a person commits a criminal felon, they lose their freedom, why does a corporation keep theirs?
When I went to nursing school, it was part of the dogma that patients in severe pain rarely if ever get addicted to opioids. This narrative was pushed by such sterling bodies as the Joint Commission on Accreditation for Hospital Organization and the American Nurses Association.  Did they lie or were they just ignorant?
Lovely episode, but John is wrong here...  He said, that this could be the best deal that we can get? Just remember his own words in his own episodes... It sounds lilke a call to "Civil Forfeiture" ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kEpZWGgJks  As much as I got it, police can confiscate money and goods from persons suspected of involvement with crime or illegal activity. John even cited a police officer, that this is "money from the heavens" :-D  So why can't we start this process on the Sacklers? And transfer their USD 10 billion to useful bank accounts? Nobody doubts that a lot of their money comes from at least questionable activities. Or is civil forfeiture just a tool to rob the poor?
Was prescribed Oxy as a 16 year old after getting my wisdom teeth removed. I was told they were harmless. So glad I didn’t believe my doctor.
This is the kind of shit that makes one wish for a mob of millions standing outside the Sacklers’ houses with torches and pitchforks.
I love the first reenactment. I cant remember his name but he won all the ladies over in an episode of Stargate Atlantis with a story about something he accidentally stepped in. It was funny.
I will say that the "opioid crisis" is a predominantly American crisis .... like so many other crises.
I’m a bit conflated on this, like… do alcohol companies pay for the ills alcohol produced in society? Does McDonald’s pay billions for the diabetes and heart disease that can be directly tied to their actions and products?  I mean, if they do then go right ahead and sue these scum fucks to oblivion, but as someone who thinks all drugs should be legal and regulated, the idea that various drug producers should be punished for the effect their drugs have on people’s lives, seems pretty weird.  But I believe Purdue straight up lied, but anyone with a few brain cells should have instantly know “it’s an opiate, it’s therefore addictive. It’s a high power opiate, therefore it can kill you”.  But I will sleep like a kitten wearing a sweater vest if the Sacklers get sewed to oblivion. If their Hobbit style mountain to gold gets liquidated for their crimes.  I’m just unclear how this fits in to the wider society and its implications. But ya know, *FUCK EM!*
All those I don't knows makes him sound like a Democrat.
Oh no, looks like Purdue didn't pay John Oliver or his network for glowing coverage this year.
The government sanctions this behavior and it's no wonder we have so many anti-vax people who don't trust the government!!! When there is no trust at the top, we all suffer!!!
This is why people are going to just start killing the rich.
i honestly wish anyone doing pieces on the drug war or opioid epidemic would think to include pain patients in the conversations bc this a whole assed group of people grappling with issues in their body and the only real source of relief for these people has been opioids and as a result legislation stemming from these two sources, those people are getting screwed constantly bc they cant ever get the medication they need without massive amounts of red tape.
best journalistic activism ever !!
Even Adam Smith would use the invisible hand to chock the living sh-- out of everyone one of those morally bankrupt criminals.............they can not even laugh and say " yeah we killed ya's by the trainloads....thankfully we live in America...
Eat the Rich! Eat the Rich! Eat the Rich!
Those 70,000 deaths are not exclusively attributable or responsible to one opioid(afaik). A huge % of those 70k deaths resulted from having another or multiple other legal or illegal drugs onboard at time of death. Its like drinking a vodka martini with a roofie or shooting heroin & Cocaine. The high produced by combining two different drugs creates a unique experience(if survived)opioids are far more dangerous when you add another depressant into your bloodstream. Each drug alone has a unique pharmacology & psychopharmacology. The danger is that too much of one or the other shuts down the autonomic systems, you eventually stop breathing. That’s what is deadly. I agree that the Sacklers were peddling death for a premium & should be imprisoned for it. Any other drug dealer would….
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Having worked on this episode should be regarded as a public service.
Allow the Sacklers to keep 48k each and claw back the rest for the hurting.
I commend John Oliver’s trolling a prowess. He is under some next level bridge!
the legal system is just a race to find the quickest loophole
By all measures Oliver must know he's fighting a curling wave that will continue to curl. If he considers the wave capitalism. If he views it as reality we rely on him and others for our future.
Up in Canada, and despite chronic joint pains, my doctors are clear that opioids are out of the question, not that I requested them.
Now do people understand why corporate scumbags bought off politicians, who appointed hand chosen lackey judges who acted in concert with corporate owned media to ensure avoiding any responsibility for any wrong doing by declaring CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE. This is just one example of how they evade accountability.     We're too far gone as far as taking back our sovereignty is concerned. Almost half the country is guzzling the radical right wing's koolaid. They think facsism is needed to correct the course we're on. The majority of the country, left, right and center believe everything they hear or see on TV or the internet if it confirms their own biases. The radical right is a construct of the corporate welfare queens. If there is a radical left, it is unorganized and ineffective. The so called moderates are simply a more nuanced version of corporate rule. This country has been so dumbed down through carefully constructed indoctrination, people actually think they're smart and informed because they listen to propaganda. They're all worried by the thought of government intrusion on their sovereignty, yet everyone now carries a cell phone that tracks your movements,  your spending habits, who your friends are and can even listen in on your conversations whether it's turned on or not, even if you remove the battery. Most people use social media to communicate. Facebook,  Instagram etc. The government just spent billions of dollars constructing a meta data center that stores all electronic communications between all participants. All emails, texts and voice calls are recorded cataloged and stored along with all other personal information for future reference, in case you violate the rules. Each and every one of us is monitored. We've allowed them to imprison us with invisible walls. Big Brother is here. He has no remorse. He has no empathy. His only motivation is power, because with power comes money and with money comes everything else.    I believe everyone's heart is in the right place. Everyone wants to be safe in their surroundings. Everyone wants to have the opportunity to provide for themselves and their families. And most of all everyone wants to live their life according to their values not someone else's. There's something to be said about tuning out the noise that clouds one's mind. It starts within and spreads out. I believe in live and let live. Respect boundaries. Don't try to inflict your belief system on people who don't want it. We all love the concept of a free country, but how can it be a free country if some random character can curtail your freedoms because they think everyone should adopt their idea of freedom. It's time for schools to emphasize the concept of freedom and liberty expressed in our constitution. This should be mandatory in all schools across the country. The new generations need to remember why brave men and woman were willing to give up their lives for us to have freedom, liberty and justice for all...no exceptions period.
I would say they should all be shot but I'd probably then be accused of being anti-semite so I'll just say they shold all take singing and PR lessons
FFS. My FAMILY DR. prescribed me OxyContin. In 2007. I’ve been on a taper for 2 years now. It’s hard to get off.   Your body can handle most* pain. Don’t take this junk🚫💊  * after surgery, cancer pain or end of life care excluded.
Sackler, Escobar, Londoño, Orejuela, Gallardo, Riina, Fuentez, Capone….
People are suffering from real pain. This fixation on opioids is leaving Americans with suicide as their only option.
That oxycontin song was one of the VILEST things I've seen/heard in awhile. The Sacklers and Purdue are SCUM.
John, that french is on point
We need to start to actually killing these companies
The sacklers should be sentenced to spend the rest of their natural lives in a courtroom, just permanently being sued.
These family make Hitler look good.
why are you not talking about bidens handling of the withdrawal of troops? why did you cry about trump for four years. Biden's choices have doomed the world. Also your not really funny or interesting anymore. You just look like an old British ding dong. Last time i checked Brittan was a very racist place. might be under the skin but it's there. If it isnt you should give Scotland it's independence ^^ Why don't the Irish love Brittan? and lets not get started on the influence you have in Africa and china. basically enlang tried to take over the world. heck im French Acadian. you people leget tried to erase us from history. that's genocide. so shut up oliver. you're not better than anyone else. also your just British Stephen Colbert.
Richard Kind!
My god, if there is a face for American villany in the 21st century, a good case could be made that it’s a Sackler.  *They knew exactly what they were doing*
Opiates can not be an epidemic. Opiates save lives. People being stupid isn't the fault of this wonderful and most harmless medication known to man. It's an inanimate object, and can do nothing to anybody ever.
“Aah! Remember Ma!”
John Oliver should get a medal for the research and communication of shit that happens in "Merica"!!
This whole system is shit because of your socialism.
As someone who this drug has personally affected, along with my mother....(Sadly it destroyed her)....I can say that after watching this I really wish I had Oxycontin.  In my opinion it is the most enjoyable thing in the entire world.  It is such a good drug that it literally ruins peoples lives.  Its strange to fear Oxycontin, and know I will never touch it again but at the same time crave it deeply.  It's a testament to how bonkers this drug is.
The Sacklers are drug pushers that found a loophole to push their poison using the shield of a corporation.
I would like to know how the court determined (3rd party release) that these people at Purdue and the family did not and could not have harmed anyone, and under what authority they made that determination.  If the release is granted, that is.
That Purdue video is disturbing… these people are idiots…. Only in the US
Hell of a show well done sir
sorry, you're saying these people, who've indirectly killed hundreds of thousands of people, will not go to jail? like, not even a little bit to jail? what the fuck kind of society is this
Every member of the Sackler family ought to be publicly shamed/beaten on a daily basis for the rest of their worthless lives as payback for the evil they unleashed upon the world. And it should be continuously live streamed on YouTube for our viewing pleasure.
Why isn't our government prosecuting them so that the victims needn't burn their settlements on dirty lawyers?
"How many billions is it right for [them] to keep?" - #NoBillions for the Sacklers.
Lol lamb chop Lololol you bought the website!!!
We can only hope they all die mysteriously.
And still the sheep getting en masse the the experimental gen therapy
This is something people need to know. The Sacklers have made their billions off of the deaths of the ones we love. They walk around scott-free. So if you're a psycho reading this, they now live in Boca Raton with really good security so you'll need a solid plan. Just sayin 😉
I remember when this was a comedy show.
The puny farm delightfully license because engine numerically plug save a  foamy digital. ossified, roasted lift
I love him, but this prohibitionist bs is really bad for pain patients. At least this time he mentioned briefly that the majority of overdoses are happening due to street made fentanyl and heroin. And as farcical as some of this cringe late 1900's salesy content is, oxycontin and other slow release opioid analgesics really are helping pain patients. In fact, only UP TO 2% of pain patients--that is, patients prescribed medication for intractable, chronic pain ever abuse their medication. In many other countries, opioid analgesics are available for safe purchase over the counter, rather than being carefully lorded over by the DEA, like they're gollum with the one ring ffs.
The more I learn about the US, the more it sounds like the post-apocalypse but worse somehow
What's wrong with 90s TV shows showing the twin towers? Is it wrong to remember history? Also opioids are fucked and fuck pain pharma.
These Oligarchs need to fucking pay for this shit.
I really need you to consider how much pain patients are suffering from restrictions on prescribing laws… but I have no idea how to even reach you.   Because I know that capitalists preying on vulnerable people is bad. But I also believe that doctors being pressured to lie to their patients about doses we’ve taken for YEARS safely suddenly being UNSAFE. is fucking HEARTBREAKING. It is also terrifying. I am so angry every time you make an opioid video and neglect to mention us but in passing. I love your work but come on. Chronic pain is more common than heart disease, diabetes & cancer combined; prescribing has gone down thanks to CDC “guidelines” that the fucking AMA has issued statements regarding how it has impacted doctor’s ability to effectively treat patients; and the suicide rate among sufferers isn’t going down.   Please please please. Your voice could do so much to help us. I can’t deal with this kind of stigma and outright abuse forever. I don’t want to lose what little they allow me because of this mentality.   If we are treated like garbage because we take medicine responsibly that works, and we still lose it, so many of us will give up.   How can you make THREE WHOLE EPISODES on this and not mention us.
go help in afghanistan you fruit
All of the Sackler’s who worked for Purdue should have contracts placed on their heads. Open contracts price to be determined.
it almost feels like John Oliver is trying to bait Sacklers to sue him. Unfortunately it's difficult after Bob Murray.
The light scorpio pragmatically expand because schedule certainly open sans a watery gas. uncovered, magenta slip
The doctors that prescribe this should be in prison ,  no one else  is to blame
money can't by me love... but whatever the saklers bought is damned close... freedom from ... conscience.
4:48 anyone notice a creepy pitch change in John's voice?
These people are just doing what smart people do right that's what the last president said lol smdh
Yet somehow the sacklers are still billionaires
I am surprised that some grieving family member has not hunted down that family.
Each time the camera cut back to John from that . . . um, *incredible* Oxycontin sales rally clip, I somewhat expected to see Bob Saget with his half-glazed smile and dated yuppie haircut in the AFHV living room instead
John, you are a ling wist. I'm scared of you. Why? You talk to much shit. I love my ears. Linguists are deep assholes man.
You gotta put a trigger warning when u put up a face of Kathy dude ..
Can we just gather them all up- and feed them oxi for 3 weeks straight and then force them to detox
Since there's no audience I don't laugh at this show anymore like I used too
The design of the title card is beautiful. Great job to whoever designed it!
Well, if I was a member of CCP, I would say hah, Revenge the Western MFs. It's so infuriating that a company in US is doing to its own people what is the underlying factor for a century of humiliation to the fucking China! and is going to get away with it. I'm shocked that there are no traces of CCP in those deals, this is what they would love to do, to addict as many as possible US citizens and make a huge burden on health system economically.
$48,000 don’t even cover my medical bills or the medication that I paid fr from the medication they had me on through a pain clinic the way I see it I have paid all my own medic
Sacklers rock 👍
So...... does this mean I have to switch to just regular drugs like when I found out Dorito's were bad thanks Johan
Welp, time for the guillotine.
If the Joker had relatives it's Kathy Sackler.            ... 👀
America isn't a democracy focused on the people's interests. Instead, it's a business kingdom for capitalists. And here, only profit is king.
To be fair, the Sacklers believe they have done nothing wrong. As members of The Chosen People they have a God given right to use, abuse, exploit and even kill non Jews for their convenience and profit.
#NoBillions
Wonder if John will ever do a show on deforestation due to the meat industry and the impact it has on climate change.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV04zyfLyN4
this website will haunt them ,if they have souls, which is definitely in doubt here
Richard Kind is a beautiful man and a national treasure.  Please keep hiring him.
They lied and told doctors that their product was less addictive than percodan, percocet and other opiate related drugs given for extreme pain in the 90's and that is when they should have been arrested.
John is funny again amen
Why would anyone expect a court to get justice for them if they are up against people with money. Get your own justice.
Imagine these corporations selling all these drugs would get the same treatment as drug dealers on the streets it's no different.
Eventually there won’t be people who want to do opioids anymore... Let them die until then.
So when is the CIA going to be held liable for the Crack Epidemic? or is this just gang behaviour where gang interests are served and rule of law and equality under the law does not exist. Only because a few white people died and it involved a Jewish family and not a beloved Government Agency betraying an entire nation and committing genocide on it's own people, domestically. I'll wait for this case to inspire that case.
It’s not the Sacklers fault weak people get addicted, anymore than sits Cokes fault people are fat…
SHEKELS THANKS JUDEN !!
Paying out money isn't justice, what's that i killed 20 people in cold blood here take 60million dollars that should keep my hands clean.
In all this Craziness people need to consider how under prescribing opiates is just as wrong. People with torturous pain levels end up being called “drug seekers” and denied opiates. Opiates might have terrible consequences. I’ve dealt with those consequences personally, but we should appreciate that opiates exist. It’s an amazing miracle of medicine just as much as it is a curse. It’s not so black or white. We should be researching how to create opiate substitutes that are just as effective, but until then people with chronic pain should be able to have access to opiates.
To John Oliver and the production: Too quickly are you jumping past the fact that it’s more than 100.000 deaths! 100.000 American people died! That is 40 times that of the war in Afghanistan, and the consequences for Afghan people was 250.000 deaths and a completely broken country. So if these people get off with a fine this is sickening. ‘Ball’Sackler says “Never before have so many funds been allocated to the opioid epidemic”. It’s probably because never before have so many people died from deliberate overprescription of opioids!!! And he says it like they volunteered the money! HELL NO! If no one goes to prison over this - America can never join an international problem and play the moral card!
9:56  Super surprised there are not any jokes regarding how 'cunning' (or not) the linguist is.  Someone funnier than me should list a few.  Please.
John, you missed an easy reference to Deep Purple's "common cunning linguist"... sweet Nancy indeed.
we still watching this? didn't Joh Oliver die along w trump?
English major who wasted more time
*Who are the Sacklers? Why does the Press keep their faces out of the papers and TV?*
The Sacklers shouldn't pay any money. They should just be forced to take one pill of Oxycontin for every life they ruined.
Rich people escaping any true accountability...is anyone surprised? Is anyone surprised that the government prefers to side with the rich over the rest of us, making any kind of justice...only exist in fantasy?
“We’re rich, but for how long?” This is exactly how I imagine rich kids like him and the trump kids think
Capitalism unchecked baby ;)
I've had 22 spine surgeries, both hips replaced, currently have 7 slipped discs & need a hip re-done. I NEED pain meds. I'm frustrated with ALL SIDES of this! It's SO FRUSTRATING being on this side of things. I'm limited to the amount of pain relief I can receive bc of what these schmucks have done. Dr's also did a shit job of helping me (and likely ALL patients) understand what a slippery slope I was heading down when I first started w opioids but there's no other form of pain relief that even begins to touch the drastic levels of pain I'm in on the daily. I'm on 30mg of _______/day, used to be 60mg but the gov't regulates how much I'm allowed to take now bc of the failures of these companies, the doctors and a shit load of people who can't handle their meds for reasons previously mentioned.  There are plenty of others like me who's quality of life is drastically threatened bc of this.
Where's dexter when you need him...
The Sacklers are heroin pushers who killed 100,000s by breaking the law. They deserve prison. All of them. For life.
Each Sackler should be left with $15,000 to $48,000. The rest should go to the victims.
You can get riled up about "court shopping" all you want, John, but isn't it interesting how you don't say a word about it when your left wing buddies do the exact same thing just so they can find one particular judge who can overturn policy enacted by a duly elected government?  Get off your high horse!
Wow, that episode was intense!
Another reason why the trust in the legal system is plummeting. Corporate control wins again. People like the Sacklers deserve public humiliation. Whenever they go out they should be jeered and cursed. Make bad jokes about them. Make sure they think that every meal they are ever served has been spit on. They don't care about anything but their wealth. Make them pay for thinking like that.
Make methadone clinics more accessible, more money to cover the working class. Despite what many of you may think. Methadone DOES NOT get you high.
Is it weird that we had an opiates crises the same time 'we' were growing opium in Afghanistan?
John Oliver, I love you!!!  I wish I was still teaching contemporary issues to university students who need to learn how to construct valid arguments with true premises.  You would be required viewing.  And my Teaching Assistants and I would have a great time reading students' essays.
Part of the settlement should be that each victim gets 5min and the sacklers have to sit there and hear it all. All. In person. Sitting there.
Wow, my kids could ACE a federal deposition.
Thanks? Sat, (well, laying as sitting is too uncomfortable), in (a lot of) pain thanks to Doctors being terrified to prescribe pain meds due to the medias own greed/need to cover something/anything with it's typical sensationalist headlines in a heavy handed & badly approached manner ignoring those who actually NEED pain relief but now a Doctor's knee jerk default is to not prescribe at all, not an excessive, unmanaged/unmonitored, repeatedly/regularly reviewed regime of pain med prescribing, just not at all , end of.  So that's a thanks? for saving those of us who (would if they could) responsibly (an exceptionally relevant word for this topic) require and don't abuse their [non existent] prescription... What next? Families of [ex]base jumpers suing parachute companies? or [add 100's & 100's of choice based potential harm activity analogies here.]
That Sackler deal makes the USA's legal system look like a childish game. Ordinary people get screwed over just because they were already screwed over. The ultra-rich get to change the rules after getting caught breaking them.
Did he make fun of 911
There's no sack in Sackler.
Thank you CCP for making it so available.  If only  there was karma.
I hope this angers the sacklers.
I wonder how come that there are still 2k people around downvoting a video like this. Either you're making money with this trash or just fooling yourself into believing that the system is not that fucked as in fact it is!
The Sacklers are a stain on humanity's underpants.
Currently, 2.2K of those protected employees clicked the dislike button. Typical Sacklers of Shit.
"Come on now sell" has got to be one the worst things ive heard. I do not know if its how badly it aged or how vile these individuals are.
Gosh, I feel like opiods really sell themselves. At least that's what my pal Freezer Sharp always says when I bail him out of jail.
I for one don't really want them to pay (well, it wouldn't be my first choice). I want them all to be incarcerated for life in max security like the serial murderers they are.
If there ever comes a sequel to "6 Underground," please let Ryan Reynolds pick the Sacklers.
They killed more people than COVID. Where are their jail cells?
Is it just me or does anyone else think that the Chairman of Purdue Pharma (Steve Miller) looks like the angry Mr. Potato Head from Toy Story, only without the mustache? 😅  #CannotUnseeThat
Tired of no one being held responsible for despicable, deadly corporate misbehaviour. Repeal the Companies Act now!
Why dosent someone just murder them all? - quote from some random comment I saw online
Richard Kind is E V E R Y T H I N G
So if someone opens a opium den and people use opium in that den the person who opens the opium den can say I didn’t make any of these people use opium they just did it themselves it doesn’t matter that they were provided a place and a drug opium it’s not anyones fault it’s just our opium dens, ( drug stores ) I didn’t make them do it with anything they just showed up at my den stores   unless they did use advertisements if it was advertised it’s a different story
Them singing sell on stage to push a drug, shows everything wrong with giant corporations and how they have no fear of the government or consequences
Its like game of thrones up in here but with less nudes and more litigation avoidance
I love you so much, I love your show and as a recovering addict, I have to say I’m so glad that there is someone who tells this shit the way it is. I am so happy you exist, thank you very much!
I hope they do a piece on Elizabeth Holmes, too. Would be funny guaranteed.
Though they thought they'd hit on a novel idea to dispense the drug without undue harm, they soon found out that the drug was doing anything but. So, rather than change strategies and return to usage of a highly addictive opioid for extreme cases and 'end of life' palliative care (as it was originally intended) instead, they actually stepped up the marketing campaign to make the drug more widely available and in higher dosages.  If there is any justice in the world,  every single member of the Purdue family who had anything whatsoever to do with the original marketing decision should have all of their monies and assets seized and confiscated and then have to struggle to get by on minimum wage for the rest of their natural lives. We all know that's not going to happen but it's a pleasant and comforting thought.
I know of lots of people who died of this and i don't know anyone who died of covid.
Can we force them to change their name to Sucklers?
Noam Chomsky is a linguist himself and I'd think at least 0,01% of the population are afraid of him.
The overly wealthy have always been able to buy unlimited loopholes to which regular people don't have access. This needs to stop...regardless of all else.
Love the 2.0 Richard
I believe those types of families ware cursed..  All the money in the world, can't get rid of that.
First Oxy, then Suboxone.
are we really surprised in this 'justice?'
The sacklers have $11b?  Sounds like they should pay $10,999,999,999 to end the opioid crisis.   Y’know. Wouldn’t want them to lose /everything/.
So at the end you said they can't throw their dirty money at. Then said 10 billion of dirty money would be enough...
Something tells me this the domain registrar is going end to giving up the domain back to the family
They took over the medical industry and its regulators. How many ppl are not taking the Cov Vax because these guys fucked with the credibility of the FDA, CDC. ATF, DEA, FBI. and the US Congress.  I say F*ck um. They should get to keep nothing, which under rich ppl law means several million each.
Alcool is a much worse epidemic that costs a lot more to society. The opioid crises doesn't even come close.
Opioids C: It's still fucking complicated
Hating on Linguists is all fun and games until Noam Chomsky gets mentioned 😎😂😂😂
I shouldn't have watched this. It's just made me angry. America is a fucked up place.
He sounds like that blond woman, who was that? Theranos and Elizabeth Holmes. The Lizzie Borden of the twenty-first century. Starter, Oliver North and the Iran/Contra arms deal. Under Ronald Reagan.
Addressing the chairman of Perdue: I don’t just want the 1 Billion you’re giving up, I want all of your assets put toward fixing this, and I don’t want you to have a say in it at all.
It baffles me that a company or anyone can move lawsuits, especially public interest lawsuits to whatever court that historically will be the exception for them. That context is just insanely obvious abd shouldn't be legal.  That one judge should be ashamed of themselves if they have a reputation for protecting multi-million/billion dollar companies and the individuals that are already unconciousably rich.
it's days like these where I ask why aren't the sjws burning those sackler's butt sacks
This man is my hero. I don't care what anyone says about his bird-like visage, I love him and his wonderful show. <3
Build a trebuchet, load key members of the Sackler company up, and yeet the rich.
Thiiiiis iiiiis thee ...  Song that never ends Yes, it goes on and on MY friend   Some people, STArted singing it, not knowing what it was But we'll continue singing it  FoReVeR just bEcAuSe...
This guy is the best and has no qualms taking on real and serious subjects he’s the fuckin man
"Um, daddy, uh... (pause) Oh! Daddy? Daddy! Daddyyyyy?! Today, Brady said to me that that that he, that, um... Um... Uhhh... (pause) he said to me something and then and then and then it made me SO MAD (huff huff) and and and I was so mad and and and, so um, so I bited him and and and, and then, and then and then, um, Ms. Jacklyn (huff huff) yelled at us (huff huff) um, and then and then and then made us (pause) um, Ms. Jacklyn made us say sorrrrry then then then, um, Brady said um, to Ms. Jacklyn um, that ummm... that my daddy, um, kills people at work, and and and um, and he won't, uh, because I hurted him."  There's a more realistic 4-year-old, for next time... Just in case you wanna try to garner sympathy, again, from the people who've lost loved ones to your drug. 👍🏻
I want to know more about opera sales guy. Like, that's a hell of a voice.
The finest justice system money can buy!
let's face it the sackler family is a group of murders but they got their money and now hiding it off shore to screw over the victims. No decency here.
I don't know...I hate to be thag guy to point it out,but this almost doesn't seem to have anything to do with the Sacklers at all...This has more to do with the system in place that allowed this to happen in the first place.It almost seems like a larger government mistake to me.Sure,the Sacklers should have all proceeds from the drug taken away from them,and that's what I would argue for as a punishment,but then you still have to tackle the big system that allowed them to do these things,and start making the guidelines tighter to not let it happen again this way with another company.To me though,this is a result of commercialism,and the American dream and all that jazz.They made a lot of money for there family,and made jobs available to many people,and all that stuff They are just a small part of a big machine.They did what most people would have done in their situation.We should stop putting people in a situation where they will be overwhelmed with money and power that they turn to abusing it.
Eat. The. Rich.
There will be repercussion for decades.  Their name is mud, in their personal lives they will not get off scott free.  The next generation may not be so proud of the family history.  The deaths may be a heavy burden  for some of them.  Jail would be better and loss of fortune but guilt maybe the legacy that destroys them.  One can hope.
should have been 20B
Being shitty even when directly compared to other billionaires is impressive in a horrible kind of way.
It's official. This is now one of the most depressing trilogies I've ever seen, possibly even worse then the Star Wars prequels.
But if we fix the opioid crisis who will vote our former dear supreme leader back into power?
a rip on Chiji's John? That's the nicest joint I've ever been to!!
Poor Lambchop.
So lemme get this straight: corporations are seen as individuals when they donate to political campaigns, but they're seen as a collective entity with no relation to the controlling family when scandals and death are involved.  Question 1: Do I have that correct?  Question 2: Have I suddenly been transported to Bizarro World?? Question 3: WTF is wrong with this country????
When we lived in Wisconsin in 2010, my then 17 year-old daughter broke her ankle. After temporarily setting it, the hospital sent her home with a bottle of 280 oxycontin. She took one and it upset her stomach, so never took another. For a broken ankle, the number of tablets was beyond d excessive. We still have the bottle of tablets.
You fucked up again by not talking to any actual users of these drugs legitimate or not. Just parrot the propaganda.
Billions...just hearing that word makes me sick. And the fact it was made from the suffering of hundreds of thousands and that they get to keep such a ludicrous amount of money leaves me disgusted
@5:45; To be honest, his one photo reminded me so much of the bottom right actor, that when you were talking about him, I thought you were going to say "It's so difficult to get a photo of him, that's not even a photo of him. That was one of the actors we hired to act out his deposition.".  Incidentally, I'm presuming he sounds like him.
Oh this is a nice surprise love watching him I was in the process of a binge of John Oliver oh well I will watch this one first.
no one is intimidated by a linguist? ....uh Naom Chomsky...
I’m sorry but this is yet another case of people not taking responsibility for their own actions. As with smoking alcohol use everyone knows it’s bad for them, but they do it anyway. Nobody forced people to take the pills, but Americans will always blame someone else for their problems. Take responsibility for your own actions.
I wonder why so many people are having a hard time trusting pharmaceutical companies, especially when they're pushing the vaccine so hard? At least, oxy is fda approved.
my grandmother is a victim of opioids. she was pill pushed despite her physicians knowing she was an unstable alcoholic. irreparable damage to both herself and our family could have been avoided with proper treatment of her back and spinal issues. i don’t know a single person that doesn’t know someone or had someone they loved either die from or be ruined by an opioid addiction. west virginia has a special place in my heart, and it hurts to see its people being ravaged by the epidemic.
Opiods are also very effective and NOT REPLACEABLE for some pain including mine. I perform a "test withdrawal" about once a year and withdrawal isn't shite unless you're a weakling. Don't take my word for it, read the most famous junkie in history, William S. Burroughs. OTOH my spinal pain is only reasonably controllable with properly taken opiods. Worth mentioning is cannabis is why I don't need increases except for severe flareups (my back is a house of cards with much nerve impingement). Punish the Sacklers but remember there are MILLIONS of Americans with legitimate chronic pain opiods permit a functional quality of life.
Richard Kind is tragically underused and underrated
Hey Its 'Meet the Ball-Sachlers' !!  No good sick fockers
The aback skill kelly claim because meteorology karyologically decorate modulo a used airship. unusual, sweet texture
Hey, I love Chili's. OC kicked it off, and then once they changed the formula, you couldn't snarf/bang it anymore. So people moved to Roxy Blue 15mg or Black Tar. We have a generation of addicts, most semi-functional, whatever that means.
12,43 hear enough.  Fuck , with covit 19 all around us.  Thiat people are so petty..there is a special hell for them. Ja,ha
I just finished reading, “The Last Kings of Shanghai “. It about two families that made millions of off the Opium trade in China that led to The Opium Wars. It is crazy how history repeats itself. The extremely wealthy are dangerous to society and they should have their own complete separate laws to control them. Last point, this family should not be left with a dime. Remove the corporate shield.
So these families lose their loved ones, the company gets away with it, nobody’s really held accountable, the company makes money off of it, but the bright side is that they get to see the documents of how the company got over on them. Wow
What's that old saying? If you kill one person, you're a murderer; if you kill a million, you're a god. Corporations have always been a liability shield for executive decision-makers, but now we get the added smack in the face that - okay, corporations are people, and they can use their billions to buy their way into the public's political conversation as well as buying politicians, and heck yeah, even writing legislation for them! When it comes to taking responsibility, oh NO, corporate executive people aren't people at all! Even when there's plenty of documentation that they knew exactly what they were doing and the potential for vast public dangers!   I figured out that $4.5 billion settlement over 9 years would leave them as rich or richer than they already are when I read about the settlement this week. The Sacklers are receiving nothing but a slap on the wrist, and that's a slap on the face to tens of thousands of families with dead family members. They knew that OxyContin was addictive years and years before the problem surfaced in public consciousness, yet kept pushing the stuff.  This settlement blows chunks. Maybe it's time for an Occupy White Plains gathering.
Life is not fair, but it can be peacefull with a heart of forgiveness, which is impossible to have with a head full of self righteous judgement, those that seek to indoctrinate the nation with the enemy of forgiveness are not forgiven.
how much of the afghanistan occupation is due to the need for opium production ?
We need a real-life version of the Leverage peeps... the first episode of the new Leverage series basically involved them taking on the not-by-actual-name Sacklers, smearing their rep by, among other things, <spoiler warning>   stealing the art they'd lent to museums and replacing them with fakes...
El Chapo: Life in prison for sending drugs into the US. Sacklers: Pay a small portion of their fortune and laugh about it all the way to the bank.
John Oliver made me like alternative Richard Sackler. :heart bubbles:
Same tribe that gave up Epstein, Bezos, Murdoch and the Koch Brothers. Funny isn't it?
That double-negative line to the linguist was a banger.
the drugs wasnt killing people. dr's and pain clinics over prescribing opiates with out question for decades was a major problem. Then when the DEA got involved they screwed it all up! Made it more difficult for the elderly and others that needed the pain meds. Making them jump thru fiery hoops and drive all over town to get their meds. And get hassled by pharmacies trying to not fill your rx. Meanwhile the junkies didnt have any problem at the pain clinics, some getting 50~100mg Oxy and fentanyl patches and vicodins. And when those people got cut off , they all went to heroine which that is laced with fentanyl and thats whats killing people! Remember folks big pharma doesnt make cures they make customers
These companies have tried to addict, people of the U.S. for years. I watched my brother deal with the addiction, & a very close friend. I have had Spinal Stenosis, since before 2007. I refuse to be part of the people, that are added to the list of addicts. I fired my pain management doctor, & refuse to take anything from the Pharmacutical Companies. Our Government allows this Crap To Happen. Pharmacutical Companies Need More Restrictions Put On Them!!! And Held Responsible For Their Actions!!!
Eat the rich sound pretty good fn
Usa is heading to a REVELATION.Looks like after 2016 every singel year is far more gruesome to live every single year is more  disaster then previous one it's not long that people get sick and black, white,s comes together to destroy this rechied cruel 400 years of squeezing the common people's health,wealth,mind, determinenation,WHERE AT THE TIP OF WAR TO HAPPEN JUST WAIT 17 MORE YEARS.
Bargain bin Trent Reznor doesn't exist, he can't hurt you.  Bargain bin Trent Reznor: 1:21
Is that the same country with the War On Drugs that has police throw flashbangs into cribs? Absurd how people get legally destroyed for touching weed while killing thousands by selling opioids on a large scale is just business.
If i say that many I DON'T KNOW, i will get fired from job immediately.
what do you get when you take the L in your name and place it between the S and the A ?  Sackler: I don't know
Thank you for doing this, again.  proves my point on why people are jabbing their  arms with their vaccines?  ijs
at the end of the day drugs are a choice. these people didn't force anyone to do anything. the drug business has and always will be like this whether it be street drugs or pharms. i was dependent for 9 years and i blame myself. were all adults here we all know what codeine and morphine are since we we're children. the opioid crisis has more to do with people that chose to do drugs than it does with the people that supplied them. quit acting so virtuous any of you would have gladly taken their place making billions off the backs of faceless nameless addicts. you're all the same.
I want to watch this but it just makes me to upset
I work in a pharmacy. The amount of people on opiods is ASTOUNDING. That said, _majority_ of my patients do need it for pain (advanced chemo, rare disease, etc). However, considering how addictive (and dangerous) they are I would like to see a future were these people were much less dependent on opiods for pain relief and there are other, safer, alternatives.
Trying to think of a way to get the opportunity to shove fistfuls of OxyContin down their throats.
It's so fucked up. Big pharma destroys millions of lives, the family responsible gets off the hook scot free and gets to keep their wealth no one is prosecuted, no one goes to jail.  2008 financial crisis causes the entire globe to go into a horrible recession, and the bankers responsible get golden parachutes and get to keep their wealth, no one is prosecuted, no one goes to jail.
I thought corporations are people.
I’d say Noam Chomsky is a linguist I’m intimidated by lol
Some of us most critically ill people depend on these pain killers to have function in our last years. Sadly, we are thrown in with the drug seekers and it is near impossible to find relief from some of the the most horrific health conditions imaginable and beyond. For example, I often loose all the skin, knee to ankle, on my legs for months because of a rare disease. Ever try functioning without skin and no morphine? i have been denied opioids for years and just have to push through. it nearly killed me twice because I could not stand the pain to clean my skinless legs and I became septic. Life is grand, yes?
Just watched Last Week Tonight’s Ransomware episode before this one. Maybe we need to pull one on the Sacklers…
but it's out as dangerous as masks?
john oliver you should have did the dr evil motion at the end  lol put your pinky towards your lips as you said 10 billion dollars lol
Soooooo; all crack dealers had to do is incorporate; and they could have stayed out of jail.
Why don't you talk of Afganistan? I'm sure that if Trump was president you would have... Sell out
The production sale and marketing of oxycodone was and is no different than that of any other medication oxycontin remains a safe an reliable pain management tool. However government efforts to fuel their drug war has labeled Purdue pharma guilty of causing an opioid epidemic. while ignoring significant evidence of chinese and european labs producing counterfeit and synthetic medication spread by criminal fake physicians being used by organizations linked to the chinese communist party! The prosecutors know this is an attack on The United States by the Chinese as part of their "grey war" campaign.. Yet cover up these facts to further negate addiction as a disease and would rather persecute The Sackler Family than to actually deal with real National Security concerns or actual healthcare problems.
The best use of your limited liability as a controlling shareholder is to maximise your personal profit even at the expense of the company.
come on John say something about which country produces 90% of the opium globally...but u dont have the balls maybe..from where did purdue got the opium supply???
I hate corporations as much as anyone. But don't make the drug the demon. Addiction is a choice. I didn't get pain relief for my painful surgery because people chose to abuse painkillers. It makes me sick to blame the drug. We are going to end up with no pain relief.
To John Oliver and his team. Please do a report on the UK Cladding and Building Safety Scandal. Innocent leaseholders are being forced to pay to put right illegally built apartment blocks covered in flammable cladding. It's insane. The stress described by thousands is off the scale. Many are on antidepressants and taking time off work. In America they'd be class actions galore and guilty people struck off or in jail. Thanks to a quirk in leaseholder law owners are being forced to pay. It's unconscionable and Robert Jenrick is reviled
The Sacklers are Sociopaths.  They deserve  life sentences. Unfortunately, our prisons are full of  poor folks, who are serving life sentences for non-violent drug offenses- like selling marijuana, etc.  The war on drugs was a war on the people- mostly POC!   I guess the Sacklers "don't know" because they really "don't care"!!!    They are beyond despicable.  I mean, devise a new word for this family!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Demonic capitalism. There’s no other term for it.
If you watch our follow Democracy Now.  You would have been updated to this story on the reg for the last 20 years.
If they get away with this shit, someone needs to get a gun and deal out real justice.
Oxycodone was abused by friggin Nazis. The second world war left germany a drug abuse addelled mess. The risks of methamphetamine and Oxycodone abuse were well known by 1997. In fact, the first prominent studies in their addictiveness date to the early 1930's.  To say you would've not done anything differently based on information available to you in the 1990's is the equivalent of saying "I LIKE BEING A PUSHER OF SYNTHETIC HEROIN TO THE POINT IT KILLS PEOPLE!"
The Sacklers have a private relationship with the Devil.... that's why they don't care what the people think about them.
This is scary, I remember years ago leaving doctors offices annoyed because they were so eager to prescribed me with this type of medication that I got suspicious and look at this stuff now... Doctors that sold their soul for the money should also be accountable and pay for the damages caused to people.
Wow, they straight up did a Disney Villain song about selling OxyContin.
John going after Chili's while Applebees exists...
Well gee little Timmy, that's because your family's work is killing people.
So what about the makers of Vicodin and  Percocets you're singling out 1 family 1 company but there's more than just one opioid.
I fucking love Richard Kind.
If you poison one person, you're prosecuted for murder.  If you poison thousands upon thousands of people you get to demand the dismissal of all possible charges and civil liability as well.  The idea that a federal court judge is willing to go along with this (and apparently was selected by the Sacklers specifically because they knew the judge would go along with this scheme) is so outrageous as to be almost incomprehensible.  At a minimum the Sacklers should be required to disgorge their profits and, frankly, I think their conduct is criminal.  They should be prosecuted for the deaths of every person who died in the opioid epidemic they helped to manufacture.
the current system is made to protect the wealthy. Both Democrats and Republicans are constantly paid by lobbyists to uphold the power and privilege of the wealthy and nothing else. And no matter what they say with their mouths, politicians actions are to support the wealthy. So unfortunately I’m not the least bit surprised.
Well, of course they don't face consequences. They're rich people in America, which according the almighty dollar means they're saints and their deeds are beyond reproach.
Send em to jail!
Don't worry the Grim Reaper is coming for them to with a vengeance
Thank you.
there is no joy to be had in this show
No video on Afghanistan ...Didn't expect that from you
New Pablo Escobar's
Are you going to fuck with Noam Chomsky? He's a linguist.
Decendents from operation paper clip
And nobody's going to jail .
All my life they warned you of DEALERS, lol WRONG again !
the US could really go for an episode on trans youth right now.. with all the rights they are being stripped of by the government and all the chronic misinformation being spread
"I'll fuck with a linguist all day long... I'll show ya... how do you make two proper nouns into a double negative? "Jocelyn David"  BOOM; Linguist fucked with !!!!".
# 1 - Either let every murderer out of jail - or put the Sacklers INTO JAIL/PRISON with the OTHER murderers. People - there IS NO "in between" WHERE some people get to murder, and others don't. Either murder is bad, or we all made our own decisions - so don't judge us. Just don't judge me when I murder the entire Sackler family.
I am disabled from my head to my toes and only got fewer than a dozen pain pills prescribed to me a week ago, by my PCP, despite having had my body EFFED UP multiple times, due to botched/incompetent surgeries... at the same HMO... yet could "score" the same drugs on the streets... cheaper and easier. How about we finally admit that If we have a right to cough covid all over the face of a police officer - and he can't do sht about it... then we ought to have the right to pop a pill, or sniff something, or even inject it - if you're really hard core? Are we free or are we not free? If we are free to kill cops with Covid, then why are we not free to snort some cocaine, or pop some MDMA?
Happy Sackler?! Is that what I heard?
I’m sad he didn’t talk about his name basically being dick sackler
what i want is for the sackler name and story be so well known and despised their lineage will never recover from such a bad reputation
Thank you for making it impossible for the members of the Sackler family to hide their despicable behavior in both the past and the present.  Their continued callous treatment of the victims of this crisis is abhorrent.
Mob justice is inevitable in the absence of real justice. Someone doxx these cretins and let’s grab some torches and say hello.
I really do wish that these people would be held accountable but we all know that there are two flaws, one for the rich and one for the rest of us. What we really need to focus on right now is treatment or legalization and regulation! Until we do those things people will continue dying at alarming rates! We need to follow the route of European countries and Canada and start prescribing the laudanum morphine to people that are addicted! We also need to make methadone clinics much more easy and viable as a treatment option oh, not many addicts can work around going to a clinic everyday between only some hours of the morning. I think if we make methadone easier to get and start letting addicts get morphine and dilaudid that would be a very good start to curbing all the deaths from illicit fentanyl use. To be honest what would you rather have addicts getting some random drug that they have no idea what the Purity is that could kill them or a drug that is regulated and they know exactly how much and what Purity they are getting every time. It's a very simple solution and the bottom line is that the logistics and numbers have shown that it's a success in other countries that is implemented it
Love your work Man!
Cant wait to see their severed heads
I'm an English student and that linguist gag made my whole damn week!
Healthcare companies should be run by healthcare professionals. It wouldn’t fix everything, but it’s a start.
As someone that's been on multiple different pain relivers for extended periods of time. If doctors can't responsibly prescribe them and patients can't responsibly take them without going psycho. That's on them. Take responsibility for your own actions. If you're weak of mind or have a predisposition to addictive behavior then do something about it!   All this behavior has done is damaged people that can actually use these medications to improve their quality of life. For people suffering from chronic pain, idiots that can't be in control of themselves are ruining the ability to get the relief that they need. Pharmaceutical companies have no incentive to create new medications for these legit patients. Doctors are being scrutinized for prescribing medications that inevitably improve their patients lives.
"What more do you want?"  I want them stripped of all of their assets.  ALL of them.  And I want them imprisoned.
Who can we sue for crack?
FYI , . com is short for company , as . net , is short for network . info  is  information , so it kinda makes sense to have the domain . info if its a informational website .
Why do we not ban Oxy?
Sad but so true. DOJ loves crushing the poor and dance's around with the rich. Who controls the DOJ the rich
I stopped watching this show because I know about this and they come to many wrong conclusions in the first one.
John Oliver make this world a better place
I strongly recommend reading Empire of Pain by Patrick Radden Keefe - amazing journalism for those interested in a deep dive on the Sackler family
I’ve been on them for five years. I live at my moms house, have a decent job now but I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to get off. The funny thing is I’m actually on the medication that is given to people to get all caps off opioids. I take Subutex and I just can’t seem to kick it
Great linguist joke !
they’re actually smart to use .info, most people don’t understand how domain names work and will be more willing to listen to something that sounds more official and informative like that. It was actually a very calculated move on their part tbh
If this is the best deal we can get, maybe we should look to burning down the whole system and instituting one where poisoning a generation is actually something that has consequences.
Why produce all these super strong poisons, just put them on heroin, if fentanyl and oxy are more easier to bring you to haven and more easier to make you switch to heroin, just give them a natural product. What happened to morphine it was relatively safe and used for decades until these singing pigs started to corrupt the whitecoats. DISGUSTING!
As a german I wish we had something like "last week tonight" or someone like John Oliver in german television!
We need to redefine crime to include these kinds of cases. These people are literal murderers. Depending on where they are charged they should receive maximum sentencing, the same as serial killers. Life in prison or the death sentence, in this case idc which.   Only when CEOs start facing criminal charges will regular people start being protected by our legal system.
😂😂😂I don’t know!🤣🤣🤣
You the man John Oliver
Come on Americans, what ere you now a bunch of Commies!? Why can’t an honest millionaire try to sell his products as best as he can? The product was approved by the FDA wasn’t it? Therefore it’s your problem if you let the doctors che…convince you, the first Amendment protect the doctor and the Sacklers (not sure , but it’s always a winner with Americans🤔🤗) you take it up with Capitalism!😏 What, all of a sudden John is telling you the whole fair competition, law and order and equality in front of the law is a BS you were sold! 🤷🏻‍♂️
I thought Americans were this “frontier “ people, rough and ready, not afraid of defending their freedom marching against the Red Coats! Whoa, what a change in 250 years! Now Americans are a bunch of whiners, when they have a little pain they go to the Doctor for the strong painkillers, they heard on TV!?
Would be nice if the families could submit a recording of what they want to say to the www.judgeforyourselves.com
They should keep no billions! Love it!
Hi
Pooo po popopo popo pooo 🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹
Richard Kind is a treasure.
So sad. I have known people that were addicts. Breaks my heart. I won't take them. While I wasa caregiver I saw a lot of legal addiction. Shame on you greedy awful people.😑
The sacklers needs to be a tv show so much
if there is hope for him, there's hope for all of us
I am so grateful that I got sober (6+ years) before the epidemic of counterfeit pills and the prevalence of fentanyl in everything. That shit is just terrifying.
Interview David Sackler and ask him
Not just poisoned, but killed.....
Typical corporate America, that the American dream for you.
Be Happy -- Buy a HONDA John Oliver Rules!
Richard sackler: ten billion dollars? You think we will do that Perdue thing? Cute, coincidentally, HBO was valued at around 10 billion recently, I buy you, I buy the domain and can shut you up.
Money talks you know the rest...
Death! To all of them!
this family should be in prison.
This feels no different from my issues with pursuing a EEOC Claim
Thanks John for all you do in your quest for justice.😇
Prison … all of them.
love john
6:19. I read the name Sackler and kept thinking “we’ve talked about him” and I literally imagined this mans face and this mans voice 😂😂
Watching this show makes me believe that the entirety of the USA is a giant, centuries-long ponzi scheme that is ruled, governed, and managed by the greediest and most evil con-men.
I say we tar and feather the Sacklers then just for fun we burn their money and house in front of them
Love ya man, but this is utter bullshit.  The problem is street drugs and the fact that we treat addiction as a criminal act instead of the mental health issue that it is.  Addiction is not a substance issue...it is a mental health issue.  If you don't have an addiction disorder, you are not going to get addicted no matter how much you take.  This also ties into the bullshit war on drugs.  THe real victims here are my fellow Chronic pain patients.  We are now unable to get the pain meds we need to live semi-normal lives.  THey need to focus on illicit drugs and back the fuck off of prescription drugs.  My life has been ruined because I cannot get around...I am just physically, emotionally and spiritually exhausted by the constant excruciating pain I endure because doctors got their balls chopped off and don't give a fuck that their patients are suffering.  This shit needs to stop and people like you need to stop propagating this bullshit.
I’m sure when quarterly board meetings took place, Mr. I Don’t Know knew exactly how much Purdue was making from the sale of Oxy
Richard Kind is an American treasure.
I swear. If this just gets brushed under the freaking rug, we as people, as voters need to try and do better to get these wack arses out of office. If we can't whatever, oh well..... I need a duo citizenship. What's nice this time of year? Canada? Ice Land?
damn bro, comparing a sackler to hitler...
No one fucks with a linguist?  Noam Chomsky has entered the chat
The greed of the mega corporates is gonna fucked up us all over and over
That family should have to pay anyone who's been addicted on their pills. Families of the overdosed deserve a settlement.
also where the fuck is the personal responsibility side of this? you can't hang the blame for people liking to feel good, or have to have relief from fried nerves, chronic pain etc. entirely on a company. the onus of chad being dead because chad liked the high of vicoden is on chad. the onus of someone with nerve damage problems from either disease or accident so severe anything short of opium would leave them in shock and then death from shock.  Is on the doctor. Then they have to have end plan, a management plan. in some form.
John, thank you for your service 🐕‍🦺
John really needs to get back in front of an audience
this guy is on opioids himself.
Ok, now do how all of this has hurt actually disabled and chronically ill people, those dying, and those getting cancer treatment in trying to get adequate pain medication. What's happened has utterly destroyed our care and people in the disability community are dying, they're dying from suicide from untreated pain. What these people did hurt all of us, because now the government has swung so far to the right on regulations the actually ill can't get their meds.
i had a really good friend die recently on his birthday. fentanyl laced percocet... RIP ISAAC
no don't remind me of my tamagochi!
This is bullshit. More people are damaged by alcohol than oxycontin why aren't they suing the alcohol companies
Noam Chomsky is a linguist and I think he could take John Oliver.
Justice would be each and every one of the Sacklers being forcibly addicted to their own products, and then forced to go into withdrawal over and over again, for the rest of a very long life.
Translator here: LBV has a colossal fuckup in the name. In French it's "un bouledogue" not "une bouledogue". The gender is defined afterwards ("j'ai une chienne, c'est un bouledogue"). This means that LBV's proper name is "Les Bouledogues Vignerons".  With a net worth exceeding 10 bilion USD I'd have thought they'd hire a proper translator/proofreader just to make sure they didn't pick a name that'd sound completely idiotic.  Clearly I was mistaken...  PS: I have a degree in languages, so clearly she got her degree from a diploma mill or she'd have spotted that problem right off the bat.
That's basically tunneling their own family business, kinda weird
My dad was addicted to OxyContin after being prescribed it for chronic pain for so many years. He committed suicide in 2011 when I was 12, a week before Christmas. I don’t even believe in a hell but that’s where I hope the Sacklers go.
Its insane
8 billion, drop in the bucket ....
I think they were taking their own medication
This is so weird to me. In all my years, doctors were always very restrictive about when, where, for how long/how much any opioid was ever prescribed to me or my family. After that, even the pharmacists were cautious when dispensing. Is there a geographical relationship where it is dispensed and used more? I've lived mainly in the south, in FL, AZ and TX.
the only thing i can think of that would make that deal worth it is if they added a requirement to wear a name tag 24/7 for the rest of their lives so they can be identified and berated until their dying breathe😌
Avoid justice by being rich, yep that’s the modern United States of Corp-erica. But “freedom” right? 🙄
i think this is the first episode of this show where i did more crying than laughing. needed to be done but wow that was rough. terrible that money really does shield your sins. can you do a silly episode soon so we can laugh again?
Get the guillotine
3:42 I enjoy that you pronounce "Sacklers" in a British accent as "Sackless" so you get to verbally carpet bomb white collar mobsters.  Richard Sackless.
If the corporation is a person, and the persons who own the corporate person are FUCKING GUILTY, Sacklers should keep ownership of Purdoodoo Pharma.
I hate to say it - the Oxy-themed cover of "Shout" was actually surprisingly good. And I sort of hate them for that even more, cannot say why.
Where can I listen to the Sell song?
Should get crimes against humanity.
I just watched the Behind the Bastards podcast episode on these people. Funny timing
The quizzical tin molecularly shock because claus appropriately whip in a alike pharmacist. vivacious, sweet ikebana
You know, they could pay the price you named for that domain and still have multiple orders of magnitude more money than I'll ever see in my life.  ... Fuck.
People need these drugs! It's not cool that they pushed them on to people who didn't need them but there is for a fact alot of people that need this stuff and honestly people should be able to get these drugs weather they need them or not atleast they know what there getting cuz theses people who are addicted just for the high or people who actually need the pain medication WILL use heroin witch is all cut with Fentanyl these days all of it! I've had plenty friends pass from overdosing because doctors cut them off. It may be a controversial opinion but I believe we are "free" people and we should be able to take these compounds these "drugs"  as much or as little as we want you should be able to get them at a certain age just like cigarettes and alcohol!!! People are suffering over politics!!!!!! I don't even take pain medication but I still can see people are gunna do what they want.... smh
To rate the seriousness of a science put a "mad" in front of it and see how frightened you are. "Mad physicist"? Scary. "Mad linguist"? ... less scary. Kudos to SMBS-comic for the opportunity to plagiarize
Eat the rich is a moral obligation at this point
is she a cunning linguist, coz looks like she could be'
C'mon i haven't gotten to the how to get away with murder, annalise keating becomes a voodoo, and gets placebod
well, still, purdue was ranked fourth among manufacturers with about 3 percent of the market.  I mean, come on, people have used and will continue to use opioids responsibly if they want to.  the underlying problem with not using them responsibly is mental health. for a lot of americans, and westerners in general, life is pretty dull and not above okay on the best of days. so they, consciously or not, decide to pop a few pills extra, quite certainly knowing about opioids dangers, and still making that decision. purdue singing sell or not.   its really the larger picture being wrong, and opioids being a destructive solution to those problems.
I want to hear the whole Oxy Song!
I imagine if you're a linguist, you'll probably have to deal with people asking if you're a cunning linguist all the time.
somehow that video of the Sacklers singing about Oxycontin is a terribly hard video to find.  Google wants to blow me up with drug treatment ads instead of letting me save the video...
Oxycontin and all other opioids are made from the poppy plant which grows mainly in Afghanistan by the way. Go dig deeper into that ;)
Vampires
it's 2025 and Jon Oliver is doing the same segment except this time it's the pfizer/moderna/j&j conglomorates and the insane fallout of from the rushed "vaccines." How do ppl keep falling for these same companies over and over and over again? We know how they did it. Why wouldn't we think they're not gonna do it again?
The system doesn't work, and never will. Find their homes and burn them.
Druglords being callous… not surprising.
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there" lmao, John Oliver said the quiet part out loud, love it.
Great job as always John
This is clearly important but why is it now a democrat is president he no longer has anything to say about the presidency? Not even an American (so not left or right) but why is it left ideologies are over represented in media through anti right media or lack of criticism of the lefts actions ?
bravo! again! still!
That ending!
Wish i could sell heroin legally. I'd be rich too!
I'm so glad you bought that website!!! Yezzzz! I'm a 36 year old in recovery, just celebrated 20 months clean... For almost 10 years I had doctors writing me scripts that they knew,and I know there was NO reason for me to be on such high doses. I can testify how easy that shit was. In 2012ish to 2017ish is when they really started cracking down on insurance companies and questioning why they were paying out so much for the insanely large quantity of Oxy's that everyone was getting each month... So what did a lot of doctors do? They became "pain doctors" who would have the patient sign an actual "pain plan" (Google it) and instead of billing the insurance companies, the office became CASH ONLY- ZERO INSURANCE ACCEPTED. $350 a month for 120-180 OXY 80's wasn't a bad deal when you were able to sell a few here n there for $50 a piece and pay that $350 doctor bill off just like that.
And then there are people like me who don't abuse the medication because of chronic pain. I am now 4 months without adequate pain management and I am ready to die. I'm only 54. With the medication I could cope.  I am having trouble coping and Tylenol or Aleve just doesn't help. I used Lortab. But, let's ignore that conversation.
STFU and go to hell John, Love a chronic pain patient that has not proper pain care for over six years because of you and the media!!
I'm a counselor at a methadone clinic. Want the untold story no one is talking about? Doctors who abruptly STOP opiates for people who a)actually benefit from them or b)might be able to find alternatives but get NOTHING from the doctors. Almost all of my clients who started out in pain management were cut off too fast and had nothing but the STREET to turn to when the withdrawals hit. Also, how about discussing how horribly opiate addicts are treated by doctors? It's shameful. Please look into this side of the story-the people actually affected by this crisis.
These people fear more for their money than for their lives, let alone their souls/emotional wellbeing. They are money addicts.  We all need to create a public protected forum for victims and their families. On prime time. Because we all could become victims of such people.  I hope the 10 billion for the website have to be paid in one sum immediately? 😁
Who is voting down this video????????????????????????????????????????
Man I swear our justice system is retarded.
They are so innocent that, when their enterprise began to be investigated in the US, they expanded their operations overseas, which quickly created an opioid crisis in Spain.
Teachings from their Torah didn't prevent them from committing these crimes.
Sacklers are "legal" narcos
Thank you for covering this. I lost someone to this bullshit and I'm glad to see someone try to do something to shed light on it. <3 John Oliver
This is a major reason that so many people are afraid to take the Covid vaccines. Most are aware that Big Pharma are greedy liars who promote false claims about their products and couldn't give a damn about the millions of human lives they destroy. Pure EVIL
hiding in Switzerland
I get a little aroused hearing John Oliver offer his domain for the entire worth of the Sacklers.
I love you , John Oliver,  but make it 11 billion,  just for fun.
They should be hacked and as much of their money as possible be held for ransom. lol
2:59 You read my mind.
This reminds me of those deluded Americans when they defend at all costs that saying: "This is the best country in the world." At least the justice system works for someone I must admit.
Greed is an affliction that can only be cured by absolute, vigorous and complete termination.
Interviewer:  what is your name? Sackler: I DON'T KNOW
I lost my best friend to a fetanyl overdose when we were only 17 years old. It was laced in Xanax which he had been prescribed. He also abused oxycodone, As well as other opioids, which he should’ve never been able to access in the first place, but were prescribed to both him and his mother because of companies like Purdue which fought to make commission off of these sales tooth and nail. Just a year and a half earlier, I had lost my uncle for the same reason. He left behind three daughters, the youngest only being 18 months old, and left my aunt, who has the misfortune of finding him, a 33 year old widow. Each and every single one of these people deserves more than just losing their fortunes. They deserve to rot in hell. As do the lawyers who defend them, and the system which uplifts them. I hope that it all burns.  Thank you John Oliver and team. Thank you for telling this story.
Watch the HBO documentary about this very subject. It's eye opening. There are far more disgusting things you will see there than from John Oliver. Good segment though just want to draw attention to the doc, The Crime of the Century.
The success hating of leftists is truly pathetic 2:59
Don’t bother posting a comment if you have legitimate questions regarding this content. If you even suggest you know someone who has in fact benefited from the medication, your comment will be deleted by a censor.  I would know. I have tried to post something 3 times now regarding my sister who suffers from chronic pain. It’s been deleted within 1 minute. Edit: This comment has been on here for 3mins now. I guess when you call them out, they back off.
Here's a tip for what we want. Every member of the family stripped of every cent of profit off this, personally, and manslaughter charges for _every_ opioid overdose of _anyone_ who was ever prescribed their poison.
Hearing Richard Kind say "fucking idiot" is amazing.
gay
Jon Stewart is most likely exceptionally proud of his protégé surpassing him with this work. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
“It’s not the drug’s fault, you just hAvE aN aDdiCtiVe pErsOnaLiTy.”
1:14, 13:00 You know you make me want to sell. 1:31, 13:04 SELL!!!
what is interesting is this. LLC was actually brought about not to help big business but mom and pop businesses. So a family wouldn't lose everything if something happened. Before that Large companies and people with money.........., would be vindictive enough not just to make someone lose their business but also everything they owned as a lesson to others. So no it isn't the LLC but the fact that unscrupulous companies with lots of  money. That are allowed to take advantage of what was put in place so they couldn't screw over people who could loose everything and I mean everything and become destitute for generations. So for multi billion dollar companies there should be different rules. Especially in cases like this. And those making this a political left vs right., that's why we don't have proper rules to punish jerks like this.
19:37  "What more do you want?" What I fucking want is for all of my friends to still be alive.
THE EPIDEMIC IS AGAINST DISABLED CHRONIC PAIN PATIENTS, NOT THE WAR ON DRUGS!! EVERY FU€KING TIME OPIOIDS ARE IN THE NEWS, IT'S ALL ABOUT EVIL PURDUE PHARMA, EVIL PAIN PILLS, NOT A WORD FROM THE DEMONIZED, IGNORED & SLOWLY DYING FROM SUFFERING PATIENTS WHO HAVE HAD TO FIGHT, ALONE, FOR DECADES!! FIGHTING TO PROVE OUR PAIN, TO PROVE WHY WE'VE BEEN SLICED OPEN, USUALLY REPEATEDLY & WITH WORSE PAIN & MOBILITY, BEFORE WE ARE EVER ALLOWED ANYWHERE NEAR ADEQUATE PAIN CONTROL!! STOP DEMONIZING THE DISABLED, SILENCED, SUFFERING & DYING, STOP TELLING THE WORLD THAT OUR ONLY MEANS OF BEING REMOTELY FUNCTIONAL OR OF TREATING DAILY SU1C1DAL PAIN IS EVIL, BECAUSE ADDICTS WILL ALWAYS BE ADDICTS, WEATHER OUR MEDS ARE BANNED OR NOT!!
Careful John, some linguists are cunning.
The webpage is not longer available :(
thank you so much John you truly do the most
Hunt them Dexter style and everyone who defend them
whats with the artifacting in the video?
Fuck that, what they did is manslaughter. It's should be charged like an assisted suicide 😔
*les bouledogues vignerrones* AAAAAAAH ! Please ask a native speaker next time ! I don't care about the spelling, but the writing... :'( And for those who undertand, yes, the French language is male oriented. Not that I support it, but it's how it's done ! X) So seeing "Les vigneronnes" is therefore very awckward at best oO
Opioids is all the proof anyone needs that the government doesn't represent people, like, living human beings. It serves those who serve them, and you can thank money in politics (citizens united) for that. All the while, literally this moment, the FDA is trying to ban the one thing that actually helps people get off these drugs, Kratom, and they haven't been able to do it domestically, so they're going to the W.H.O to try to do it there. Think about this, they're going to an outside body to ban something domestically because the rest of the government isn't insane and congress won't play ball. This is like banning penicillin during Polio. .......
11:24 OMG I love this Lambchop joke 😄 This is something that has always irked me about corporations, that they are somehow legally separate from the humans that run them. There needs to be limits on "limited liability"
So Google has a very odd reaction to searching for BOTH the .info and the .com VERY big brother. Once again you all are amazing. Oh and I do research what you say. Thank you!
There are evil bastards. Then there are these guys.
Gotta say, I wasnt expecting that Sales VP to have such a powerful voice..
1 day historians will assess the damage to USA by this unfunny tv host and his buddy SColb ert
I watched OxyContin ruin lives since 2003…
Sounds like Tobacco, Oil, Junk Food, and so many other industries that sell a product that is very harmful and very profitable.  All the more reason that the laws behind corporations need to be completely redone.  As well, the research behind these products needs to be done at a federal level with the research visible to the public and elected officials legally barred from interacting or influencing the process or the people.  The companies will fight and lie like mad, but they always have and people like this always will.  It is better to start something than it is to continue with the lies and the ignorance they peddle to us all.
Those are crimes against humanity!  Take it to The Hague.
Behind every great fortune there is a great crime.
The Sacklers look like a family (an entire family) that have not been punched in the face, ever. The world we live in. The fact that we're still here, given this case. Horrible.
There’s no rule of law in the USA. Just a regime of kleptocrats, druglords and gun dealers, all of which tackily call themselves “business men”.
Once again I here by congratulate drug for winning the war against drugs
Thank you, Oliver! This shows how mentally SICK the Sacklers Are!
John Oliver is about as funny as a dead fish
american logic .....   money > lives ... period
Hey, what are the odds that judge watches John Oliver?
Bryan Cranston probably had the most similar reading to the orginal 😂
Perdue sales VP hitting every note singing is legendary
Only in America, he is using the old Reagan trick of "I don't know". Hey lets all try it and see if we can get away with anything.
Do one on water in Martin Co, Kentucky. I’m doing an 84 mile walk to spread awareness on it. They have been dealing with water crisis since Oct of 2000 when 300 m gallons of heavy metals were dumped into the counties water source. Maxey energy was fined $5.6k  for ruining the water for a county going on 21 years this October. Look into it and have your mind blown. Kentucky is 1 of 6 states in Appalachia are dealing with water related issues. 15 states and 1 territory have water infrastructure issues in America. We cannot allow this to continue.
I work in addiction recovery and run a non profit in EKY. Thank you for spreading awareness on the major corruption happening in big pharma. It has decimated Eastern Kentucky and Appalachia.
I love LWT! Is there a possibility that you turn up the overall volume? Its always so much lower than all other youtube videos.
Thought Purdue was a chicken company!
The sad part is any money that Purdue has to pay will go back to people who let it happen in the first place.......
Have always loved JO's stand-up, acting, writing etc tho I do not always necessarily agree w/his politics, I have always respected the hell out of  LWT, & all involved in airing, producing etc..BRAVO & God Bless you ALL!  Very well done sir, VWD indeed!  Outrageous that these underhand legal tactics are in fact LEGAL!  God Bless & heartfelt prayers for all who have been affected by this, on every level! I am disabled & have been a chronic pn pt for 27 yrs..."but for the grace of God go I"..not an opioid addict. The chronic pn pt community has been irrevocably damaged by big pharma. Most of us daily suffer w/o proper treatment & have been stigmatized to the point of no return to western medicine.  TYSM John & ALL involved in doing what little can be done to hold the GUILTY to account!  💙 'Bent but not broken'  in Nashville 💙
That is an perfect example why the systhem needs change, and not only in the USA, it needs change in every country that claims to be "1st world" This is only the last of an string of cases where drug companys sold knowing "bad drugs" and got an slap on the wrist as far as the people who benefited most are concerned. They keep there mansions and superyachts and private jets and more money than they could ever spend with the most lavish lifestyle an person can endure.  I had enough interaction with that rich scum to gurantee that they do not feel one bit responsible for the damage and pain they caused, people not in there circle do not rate as humans to them, they are assets if beneficial to them, annoyance if not.
I like how you ridiculous hypocrites recommend people get the Johnson&Johnson vaccine even after doing all these Opioid videos, and knowing DAMN WELL they ALSO sold asbestos laced baby powder to new and expecting mothers for 40+ years.  Yer entire writing staff is killing me, Smalls.
Though I really want to tear these drug companies apart, Oxycodone really helped me. After multiple back surgeries with the latest caused by a Strep infection that left me bed ridden. Oxcycontine helped me stand again and than start the physiotherapy I most desperately needed.  Before that I was taking Morphine and a Ketamine mix intravenously which left me feeling heavily drugged.  I'm not saying Oxy is for everyone but those who are really suffering it's been a God send.
Any doctor caught taking Sackler money needs to lose their license. All peer reviews for these doctors needs to be scrutinized. These doctors are racketeering.
You the man you the man you should be an investigative reporter the good Hart Michigan
I now understand why Americans always want more guns.
Maybe someone with a nefarious itch should resort to some…extrajudicial means of justice…
The right thinks regulation is socialism. With that view, Capitalism doesn't work. And the lawyers shouldn't win here.
Just talked my favorite bar into being distribution location for free Fentanyl test strips. Opioids have devastated our community especially during this pandemic.
This guy is a huge part of the problem. He’s not funny and spreads so much BULLSHIT.
We've put people in trial for crimes against humanity for doing less than what the Sackler family has done.
The only thing big pharma is pushing harder than opioids is the covid vaccine. Way more profitable!!
Brilliant. ❤️
there is a problem with unemployment benefits where a large portion of the unempleyed now are unemployed by thier own choice. as an employer i can definitively state that the amount of applicants that actually show up for an interview is less than 5% of the people that apply. i have 20+ jobs to give out and we are offering pay starting at $14 an hour with no experience hiring up to $17 and hour to start. so is it a problem with the system or a problem with people being inclined to not work.
I don’t always find him funny, but John Oliver is probably the best left wing advocate we have in American media at this point.
As Donald Trump taught us. Anything is legal if you're wealthy enough.
Have any of your three episodes talked about how Afghanistan produces 90% of the worlds opium and came to be the world’s number one producer of opium under the US military’s watch despite the US military spending an average of 1 million dollars a day to fight opium production in Afghanistan? It would be a great way to talk about wasteful military spending.
I’m waiting for john to do a covid vaccine video soon. Deaths and corruption to push a vaccine out 😀
Thank you, John.
The one thing I've found that unites the left and the right in my family is the"billionaire goes to space and dies there" dream. 😂😂😂
Thanks for the website to expose them
What action(s) can an average person not directly involved in the lawsuit take to do something about this?
“Linguist, fucked with”   Bam! Love it
While it is another example of the ultra-rich getting away with egregious behaviour, I couldn't help thinking that the legal system is/was as awful as the Sacklers.
"perdue was convicted of felonies" ok great who went to prison? what? no one? just a fine? so it was just an extra tax on doing their business then. thats why nothing changes. if breaking the law is only penalized by a lower than usual quarter, theres no incentive to stop.
Every time I hear of an individual / family having billions of dollars, I always remember AOC's words "You don't make billion dollars. You TAKE billion dollars." Because they have this insurmountable amount of wealth they can fuck up with the legal system any way they want. And you will go 20 years to jail for marijuana possession.   Tax the rich. Eat the rich. Fuck the rich.
Brilliant! .com, you guys are the best!
easily the WORST deal they can get
Ahhhhh! How often does a corporate criminal actually face jail time? I don’t remember that when the Exxon Valdez spill occurred . Would be nice if it finally happened though.
Very informative! Hey for the future, Hitler ‘jokes’ are highly offensive to many of us. You are creative at getting your point across so please keep that in mind for the future. Thank you
The rich don’t go to jail
I had to take tiny pieces of suboxone for a week to get over being on tramadol for 8 years. :-(  I'm okay now.   Just don't abuse suboxone. Don't take it for more than a week.
"I might have liked something better:" I might have liked to NOT have had my father MURDERED by their Kill Pill.  Pay me THAT in abatements. (Didn't thinks so)
The only thing that I think would be a just outcome for all of these obscenely evil people is if they would die of their own drugs, completely stripped of all of their wealth and property, homeless under a freeway overpass, stinking of their own piss and sh*t, with hand-lettered cardboard signs that read, "Will pay money for OxyContin."
The courts should order that each member of The Sackler Family be given OxyContin 10 times a day for 100 consecutive days.  After that, the doses stop completely. A taste of their own medicine. Let them become addicted to it and their children too. Then see what money will or won’t do for them when they and their kids are addicts. A taste of their own medicine. Money is nothing if you have problems like that.
That guy Richard Sackler looks like a short-order cook, kind of like that guy Mel, from Mel's Diner on the TV Show "Alice."
@6:55 Wow, she should be a gymnast, with all those ethical hurdles she's jumping through. What a shitbag.
The whole bunch of them should be publicly hanged.
In before Mr. Oliver gets as‎‎‎‎sassina‎‎ted by Mos‎‎‎sad, and the Sac‎‎‎kler's go home Scott free. 🤷‍♂️
it's me Al Tuddle.😃😃😃 👋👋👋👋👋
A priest at a summer camp once gave me a non-consensual third party release. I woke up in the middle of it, but it was too late to pinch off the climax.
I have a transitional vertebra in my spine that caused me a lot of pain as a kid. When I was 12 it was starting to get so painful I would choose not to play, my parents took me to the Dr and for 9 years their solution was to drug me up so badly I couldn't even tell what was going on. This epidemic stole my childhood, from 12 to 21 I was a legal addict, so intensely I barely remember the final 5 years. This was all ENCOURAGED by my doctor, no one questioned why I was going through meds 2 weeks faster than I should, they just gave me more and more and more. It was a nightmare and I'm very grateful and lucky a doctor that actually cared about people saw what was happening to me. So many other people, CHILDREN, didn't have that. My good doctor fixed the problem and got me off medication less than two weeks after I met him. 9 years drugged out of my mind and it was fixed with surgery in 2 weeks. My insurance fought tooth and nail to prevent my surgery too. It was an incredibly dehumanizing experience to realize that these people wanted me to stay an addict, I was a vulnerable child.
No billions! Yes!!
How far is the truth?  Like in miles, or light years or whatever?
Sackler's are murderers. Is the Sackler name taken off the Smithsonian building yet?
A hitman is surprisingly cheap.  I’m morbidly curious about how long it’ll take for people to realize that a hitman is more affordable than the other options.
Rich not facing consequences? WOW! Next you are going to tell me the sky is blue and grass is green. I don't know if I handle such revelations.
This proves once again that USA is like México with a better infraestructure. Cheers Mr. Oliver. PS #fuckingSacklers
You know you’re in deep shit when expensive law firm you hired just tells you play dumb
Is like what al anti drugs adds warn you about but legal
As a linguist I can confirm that there's no real consequence to fucking with us. What are we gonna do, analyze your syntax and word choices??
Lamb Chop with a weapon damaged my fragile little mind.  Now I keep hearing a song that never ends in my head, repeating over and over.
Am I the only one who tried the website and didn't work?
Have the sacklers show us how the drug works "literally  take it" .
Greed is humanity's biggest enemy.
Jeff B 🚀 go boom 💥
Epidemic you say I seem to recall that you could just say no, I have the tshirts to prove it
"Doctors are bought off by pharma companies!" "TAKE THE VAXX YOUR DOCTOR SAYS SO I FKING LOVE SOYIENCEEE!!"
John Oliver should do a better research about linguistics next time. Her thesis looks to be more related to forensic linguistics.
Where are news about joe potato biden
I'm just glad it wasn't Sham-a-lama-ding-dong, though it may have been more appropriate (Sham).
If one thinks about the fact that those sacklers would have been quite rich also without creating a epidemic... One could start to think there should be a border of how much money a person should be allowed to have. Not because of socialism or anything, just to protect those individuals from there own stupidity...
John, I love the passion with which you go after these injustices, but I wish you would apply that same passion to explore how PSYCHOPATHS rule the word and have ruled it for thousands of years. Please read "Snakes in Suits" by Drs. Robert Hare and Paul Babiak, "Evil Genes" by Dr. Barbara Oakely and "Kings, Conquerors and Pscychopaths" by Dr. Joseph N. Abraham to name just a few, as well as the Youtube video "The Corporation" which makes a direct link between corporate behavior and psychopathy. As bad as the Sackler family may be, they pale in comparison to the havoc that has been wrought by Rupert Murdoch and his climate change denial machine, which will condemn all of us to a dystopian future.
Come on yanks, they can escape a conviction but can they escape your bullets? Don’t just sit on your lazy ass, start blazing. This is how all drug dealers die after all
Everyone in the cities are supposed moralists but the Sacklers can't be prosecuted Self proclaimed militias dotting the mid-west and no one firebombs a Sackler mansion Do we all just lack the capacity to resist and fight evil in 2021?  We know what it looks like. What's stopping us?
This is sadly Unfunny
How many body guards do you think the Sackler family employs?
The adventurous galley proximately flood because market partly identify excluding a hard-to-find plough. voracious, next clam
John keeps going after these billionaires he might disappear one day. God speed.
guillotines still work
Until we get money completely out of politics, billionaires will keep buying corrupt politicians and telling them *exactly* how they want laws written to protect themselves and their wealth.
HBO ~ Could you please significantly increase your volume to the level of other average YouTube videos? Thanks.
That last one Oliver... absolutely brilliant!
Justice in America: People are in jail for selling a few of their own prescribed Oxy pills...Sackler's sail away on board their private yacht with their money that they made from selling billions and billions of Oxy pills.
No 1 ever speaks about the people damaged by this “war on opioids”: patients with intractable pain. Just this summer in my small circle of friends on Twitter over 7 Suicides have occurred. These patients have been force tapered off meds they had been stable on for years. Many were not even properly tapered. My friend ended up having seizures due to the speed with which the dr dropped her doses. Another friend has tachycardia from the constant untreated pain. A Vet set himself on fire in front of his VA office when all his meds were taken. Why would this country torture a man who did nothing but try to protect us? Children’s hospitals have now stopped all pain meds but Tylenol. When asked why one dr said, “kids are remarkably resilient.” Does that mean they deserve to be in pain? I can go on w/the stories but sadly, no 1 cares. We are expendable. Our country has a serious problem when a dying cancer patient passes out, gets taken to ER, accused of being drug seeking, has all pain meds taken, kicked out of the ER & promptly removed from palliative care. Why? Because they said he went to the hospital for drugs. What a shame this show, like all the others, overlooked our suffering. Especially the suffering of our Vets. Don’t believe anything I’m saying? Fine. I dare you to sit with your dad as he goes thru 9 brain surgeries on only Tylenol. At 14, it changes your life. I’m the patient now. And when I go 2 the ER b/c I’m on meds for pain, they refuse to treat me. Just like my friends, I have decided going to the ER is useless. I’d rather die somewhere where I’m not charged $100 for a Tylenol I can take at home.
They were sued in a class action about 12 years ago and I got paid 4000 bucks
Would love to be reimbursed for all opioid related costs plus pain and suffering, after a severe injury and even WORSE, having to experience physical withdrawals I'd never anticipated...getting off these opioids was WORSE than the mangled neck!
I hate this country and the wealthy scumbags who live in and have raped it from within for decades.  The capitalist criminals who have bought our politicians for centuries to stack the deck against us
The Sacklers should be shunned from the country entirely.  We should force them to donate their money and leave the country.  At least to leave the country
He really hits those notes on the Seeeeelll.
The Sacklers deserve to be flogged by every addict in the country in the streets
the war criminals of the war on drugs. among many…
I've lost most of my friends to opiate overdose. The sacklers should be in prison for life.  I have been off of opiates for a decade.  I still dream about it.  It never leaves my mind for more than a few hours.  You have no idea how strong of a hold that stuff has on your life if you choose to pick it up when you are really young. I had about  a 15 year run on opiates everyday
a real deal crime family
Last week tonight has done more good for the world than... No... But close to Jimmy Carter?
Didn't the great grandfather come up w the syndrome suffered by housewives which was the reason they needed to be prescribed Valium which he invented?  Sounds like they have been lying about drugs for a long time.  I'm apart of one of the lawsuits against purde pharmaceutical.  And we are going to be screwed by their illegal bankruptcy deal once again getting fucked over by the slackler family
I have lost too many friends to this crisis. Your focus on the victims and on accountability makes me feel just a little bit of hope.
I hope if the ruling outcome is as bad as we think it will be, that there is room for an appeal.
HBO max CHOOSE YOUR PLAN "No, I don't think I will."
Sticking 16 percocets worth of oxycontin into one water soluble injectable pill is such foreseeable death its ridiculous. 60 minutes showed the   CEO admit an approval by a low level FDA and. Purdue employee rubberstamp a drug pamphlet for Oxy change making it stronger in exchange for a cushy job. Look it up. Play it.
Justice: An eye for an eye, a life for a life!
Purdue is a good reason to change legislation in order to prevent corporations from being treated like people.
Sackler sounds like a bad word. That's unfortunate. I think what they did was bad, but the family is not a business. It's not like their kids did it. Don't target the people not responsible... But still I agree.
The Scientologists had one thing right. They don't even like freaking psychiatry pills or antidepressants. They say you should stay away from artificial drugs and take the least amount of medicine you need, or you allow the system to screw you over.  Even if you need the medicine do you really "need" it need it? Some people justifiably can't live without it, but if you're just taking it because it's convenient you're an idiot.  The same goes with antibiotics. We could totally destroy a superbug outbreak by preventing antibiotic resistance in bacteria by stopping over prescription of antibiotics and instead focus on growing healthy probiotics that do the job for us.  Why do you think yogurt is so healthy? Butter isn't... But yogurt is.  What gets added to yogurt? The answer is lactobasilica strains.  If you value your health take as many probiotics as you possibly can (don't go overboard, but help your gut bacteria) and stay as far away from antibiotics and things artificial as possible.  Artificial sugar is horrible, high fructose corn syrup is terrible, aspartame is horrible, caffeine without l-theanine is horrible, anything that is low fat is a gimmick designed to get you to buy it and increase your carbohydrates, and if it says there's enriched flour it's because they have to legally put vitamins back into the cardboard processed bread to be able to legally sell it (it's not that it's enriched or adds value).  Whole grains are good, you don't necessarily need to have 100% organic food. That's a gimmick and sometimes even bad for the environment. Anything that has less ingredients is usually better. When you cook with healthy oils or butter instead of hydrogenated oils and I can't Believe It's not butter, you will live a much healthier life. Kefir is a great option to get your probiotics up, you can actually grow it yourself. Artificial sweeteners that say no sugar tend to have other things that have other side effects so avoid them.  The least tasty and delicious something is and the more green it is the more healthy it is for you and your diet. High salt can be bad but if you do have a high salt diet make sure you have a high potassium diet and a drink a lot of water.  Don't step on the scale everyday because that's stupid. Do it every month.  Focus on your health and not how you look. That's how you maintain a healthy lifestyle, and never forget to exercise, but don't overdo it.
American capitalism at its worst
Saying that billionaires dying in space was a good thing….so disturbing and not funny at all.
It's scary how quickly customs and habits take over as soon as people stop actively thinking about what they are saying or doing. "One-click a ringlight"? In a few months we will have another episode on how Amazon is evil and how leaving your payment data with a large quasi-monopolist is dumb, and how shopping with the same corporation without price-checking is anti-free market and promotes monopolies, dependencies, and destroys a healthy competition. But a few seconds without vigilance and John uses it like a normal verb.  Maybe if the warehouse-workers get headache from sleep deprivation or listening to Bezos thanking them for subsidizing his toy space program by forgoing their bathroom breaks he can suggest to "just oxycontin the pain away"...
The Sackler Cartel of this country and the Court systems them and many other billionaires just let you know that money is worth more than human life. The so called legal Heroin that they pushed like any cartel yet I don't see the DEA or the Feds putting them in handcuffs and carting them off to prison were they belong. Just remember folks their money is more important than your life. That is what our so called Justice system has just said in the decisions they made. When do we get the guillotines out is what I want to know.
As someone that used to work at a registrar and whose job it was to shutdown web pages... They may actually be able to throw money to make your dot com go away! Not directly of course but indirectly (fueled by a metric sh¡t ton of money)!
the same people voting for legalizing the production and sale of marijuana are the people outraged over opioids being sold the exact same way. oh, you think you know best for yourself when it comes to things like if smoking psychoactive substances (like weed) is good for you or not? then i'm sure you also know if taking psychoactive substances (like opioids) is good for you.  just sayin...i couldnt care less about either option since i'm not a drug riddled bum and am able to read basic info about drugs i'm exposing myself to, but someone has to point out the hypocrisy here.  as usual in the past few years, johnny oliver is here to tell you the dumbest opinion to have in an entitled way all while not being funny at all. oh, how i miss those old episodes of turkmenistan's dictator and how he fucks horses
I grew up around this epidemic. Kept being told that it's a legal prescription from a doctor, that I wasn't a doctor so I should shut my mouth. I am really hoping they are charged, fined and jailed.
this is how corporations have ruined the nation... yay corporate lawyers
I literally only kept watching friends to see if they would mention 9/11
. . . Purdue stays on their bullshit year after year, eh?
Lets be honest... anything that starts with "non-consensual" is a fucking evil thing that shouldn't ever be put in to place or happen...
Dave Chappelle: just say no! What's so hard about that!
I mean, lets also be honest, if you're responsible for epidemic that has killed nearly 900,000 people, has ruined millions of peoples lives, and all the while you do nothing to try and help, or take responsibility and your child comes home asking why everyone at school is telling them that the family business is killing people... you tell them the fuck why the family business is killing people, and it's an extremely short fucking god damned answer. The answer you give your 4 year old is "because we like money more than human life, and we want to keep making as much as possible regardless of what happens to actual fucking people."
America.  Such an amazing justice system...as long as you're rich
... But of course, we are all now supposed to trust Moderna, Pfizer, & Johnson & Johnson.   Rrrrrrright!
I played this back at 1.75 speed, and it was still boring.  Every 'commentary joke' falls flat, and the screechy tone is annoying.  Wandering off into insulting people on their appearance because you can't think of anything more useful to say is just annoying.  Edit better.
Love u john. However, money is money and you at the top of my 2022 deathpool. Ill roll around in my cash as i mourn your loss. Dont blame me, im not the one running around speaking truth to billionares.
And this is why I love JohnO
For the number of users I think you will reach the opioids 33 part.
I had a strange experience awhile back where I got in a really bad car accident after being hit from behind. I was not seriously injured in any way. No broken bones, nothing even remotely serious. However despite this, the EMTs that picked me up in the ambulance must have asked me about 7 times if I wanted pain medication. I kept refusing and told them I didn't need it and was worried about addiction and the effects that stuff has on you. They still kept asking me anyway. It was really off-putting. I still remember it to this day, and this was a couple years ago. Weird and sad frankly. Makes me wonder who was paying them to push that on me.
as a father of a 3-and-a-half year old, the way John describes how kids talk is *scary* accurate lol, had me in tears with "three times they're completely out of breath for no reason"
My dad used to have a daily pill container consisting of opioids, anti-depressants, blood pressure medication, anxiety medication, etc. Things got so bad with the percocets that my mom dumped them in the toilet, before she was able to flush my dad pushed her out of the way and started digging them out of the toilet.   He switched to medical marijuana and he now is pill free. He literally takes no pills whatsoever and has no need to pay to go to a pain doctor anymore. I’m actually able to have a conversation with him now, which I wasn’t able to do before. I know people have their doubts about marijuana but I promise you it’s a much better and safer route than opioids.
This is so messed up
*You know who the real victims are? Those of us who are disabled and to take these drugs legally My insurance denied coverage of my meds(Got shot in the back and it broke). Without them I can't work so I had to choose to pay out right or go without and be in immense pain and quit my job or pay $700 for 4 weeks of generic meds. Name brand Oxycontin ER cost over $100 a Pill!!!! Insane*
I'd like you guys to do one on Pfizer. Show what crooks they truly are
John Oliver is the OG 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
This is absolutly a master piece .
Dont understand why this is news? So we got a bunch o dope fiends running around high on drugs? Not exactly front page news? They're grown, if they wanna get high so be it. Handle this the same way u handled the crack epidemic! Arrest these crack heads, fill up the prisons and call it a day! And stop wasting all this air on a muthafckn tweeker! Seriously. Stop. Harassing the crackheads and do ur friggin jobs officers do em same way u did that other group back in the 80's
we need the same topics from EU perspective and who are the actors in EU!
speak about biden and taliban
thank you big pharma
Oh, gratitude for brilliant ideas.
Anyone else from white plains ny laughing at JO talking smack… 🙂🤣🤣
I just love you, John Oliver. You're the best.
The ignorant kidney consquentially clear because russian consquentially challenge until a truthful bongo. late, better christopher
eat the rich
Rich people pay fines and poor people go to prison
Why are doctors who prescribed it not responsible in anyway?
🤮 OMG so shocking 🤮
You that that promo "SELL" (Shout! Cover) song is bad?!? Look up the rapping Fentanyl
Sorry John but "victims" is a loose term....nobody is forcing these people to pop these pills. When are we going to blame the person? Of course these poisons will always be there it's up to you what you do with it.
ഇതു വരെയുളള താങ്കളുടെ എല്ലാ എപ്പിസോടുകളും ഞാൻ കണ്ടിട്ടുണ്ട്. മലയാളത്തിൽ എഴുതുന്നത് വേറെയൊന്നും കൊണ്ടല്ല, ഇതു കണ്ടാലെങ്കിലും താങ്കളുടെ തമാശകളും, താങ്കളുടെ കൂടെ ജോലി ചെയ്യുന്നവരുടെ ജ്ഞാനവും ലോകത്തിന്റെ ഏതൊക്കെ അറ്റത്ത് എത്തുന്നുണ്ട് എന്നറിയാൻ വേണ്ടിയാണ്. ഈ പരുവാടിയുടത്രേം എളുപ്പത്തിൽ ലോക വിഷയങ്ങൾ എല്ലാവർക്കും പറഞ്ഞു കൊടുക്കുകയും മനസിലാക്കി കൊടുക്കുകയും ചെയ്യുന്ന വേറൊരു പരുപാടി ഞാൻ ഇതുവരെ കണ്ടിട്ടില്ല. I wrote all this in Malayalam to stand out and maybe catch your eye. But honestly, if you translate what I wrote you might understand why and how greatful I am.
Sacklers are criminals and should lose every penny and all be in prison.  Yes, including the old woman.
Nah,it's not an "epidemic". You and CNN indoctrinating everyone that all white people are racist,that all cops are horrible, that White people need to step aside for all minorities, that black people somehow aren't more aggressive as other cultures and yet somehow they're the only ones that have problems with the police (while hard working African immigrants are doing just fine)...that's an epidemic.
Thank you for eliminating the misinformation from the Sackler Family regarding their involvement and responsibility for the Opiod epidemic. It is ridiculous that they are getting shielded from liability by listing a new location in White Plains. I pray that this deal does not go ahead. These people should be prosecuted and put in jail for the lives they have destroyed to line their pockets. I am disgusted and not happy with any of this!
John really out here trying to get sued again.
Citizens United personified….
It's bullshit like this that validates the "eat the rich" slogan
So this bought and paid for corporate mouthpiece is going to nibble at the edges of pharmafia corruption and criminality when it comes to opioids but push the poisonous non-'vaccines' for 'public health' under the fraudulent coronavirus crisis - exposure of which gets associated with (CIA) 'conspiracy theory'.  What a wanker.
Hearing shit like this makes me sympathize with insurrectionary anarchists. I don't want that. Stop it.
Step 1: Strip these people of their money Step 2: Put these people in prisons filled with their victims Step 3: Wait while the awful American prison system does its work
Criminality pays in America. The system is set up this way by corrupt and incompetent senators and congress full of greed and corruption! Enjoy America!
so perdue didnt get fined cause they bankrupted, the tax paying public that paid the bank that bailed them out got fined.... i didnt consent to this, im gonna call rape *whistle blows* someone come get this...
As someone who's been dealing with chronic pain for the last year and on opioids this is gonna be good.
Is this a prescribed drug? Are doctors who perscribe it also sued?
Not gonna lie, I thought they would replace Richard Sackler's voice with that of Gilbert Godfried's when they were showing us the footage.
Good segment as always though I do wish lwt would get into the fact that the way the companies did this makes it now virtually impossible for people who actually need pain medication to get it
So since corporations are people with money being their free speech and they admitted guilt committing 7 felonies causing at least tens of thousands of deaths who in the executive positions wiill be going to prison? Oh I forgot that corporations are people when it comes to bribing politicians but when it comes to the corporations actions killing people the corporation is not a person because people go to prison for killing other people. They need go either start holding corporations to the same accountability as everyone else including executives going to prison or acknowledge that corporations are not people and therefore their money is not speech and cannot be used to bribe politicians people.
Fentanyl took my sister in February. Absolutely awful.
this is more cog in the lie machine. It doesn't matter what big Pharma does, The MD's pretend to be educated and caring but they are the ones selling their souls to lie to you and poison you for $$$$$$$$. MD's are the ones writing the prescriptions
A kangaroo court and five soldiers would cost a lot less.
You leave Lambchops name out your filthy mouth Oliver!!!!
Can't believe a brit who's anti gun. They still believe in royal family superiority.
US is a capitalist country, right?...... So how can any capitalist go to jail
Ok I know this isn’t the most important thing, but who was Hitlers boss?
I fucking love you John!! Keep up the great work!!
Is it me or did John just argue that corporations are people?
Russia did the same, but with vodka https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vK7l55ZOVIc
The heroin epidemic restarted circa 1991 in America. The Sacklers just hi-jacked the business from the illegal cartels...
I’m sure you did I great job with this episode, but I can’t imagine learning more about these people and wanting street justice for them any less. 😐
Us linguists really have no respecc in society man
Jill Biden was paid by big pharmaceutical lobbyists like the slackers. Nobody is talking about this
They are also a very prominent family when it comes to the arts, they are prolific art collectors who have donated a lot of money to art institutions up till now. I recently when to the British Museum (or perhaps I should say the Colonial History British Museum) and there is still to this day two rooms dedicated to the Sacklers in the Egyptian wing, probably because they were huge donors. Shameful, but what can one expect of such a place anyway..
The biggest kick in the pants is that these companies hold the patents to suboxone and Naloxone.
The name of the problem is capitalism. The Sackler‘s are simply a symptom.
I just heard of a type of insurance for lawsuits wow way to go financing indiscriminate. murder  another tool designed and used to protect  criminals and deny victims justice
BOOM!!! I just fu**ed with a linguist!
Pisssssss off. If people can’t handle their fun that’s on them. Quit messing it up for the rest of us. All you’re really doing is pushing kids to get it on the street illegally. Then they really die. Oliver you’re terrible. You used to be funny.
Buy a ring light says the man in his home office who's right side of the face sits in the shadow...
Ahhhh, american plutocracy...so corrupt.
Corporations are opium for the people.
Wow. Is he still on the air? Why?
Well, I guess the old proverb is true: Shit always swims up top...🤷‍♂️
I like the Sackler family. And I think the United States health care system that won’t cover therapy and will ONLY cover cheap ass drugs and capitalism anti-socialized medicine attitudes in general is the problem. But if you wanna hate a family, fine. Boring. They still prescribe the drug. That’s the most weird thing. It’s the only manufacturer sued for a product that isn’t found defective.
did you guys photoshop the pictures of the Sacklers? they look fake or inbred
I mean... Considering the amount of people their poison has killed, then isn't anything short of the death penalty "getting off to easy"? This is one of those rare times where I hope God is real, because then there is a hell where the Sacklers can burn for an eternity.
wow that legal release totally reads like a bad parody. how and why is that allowed anywhere? literally a get out of jail free card. even the ridiculous end user agreements people always joke about are subject to future revision and local jurisdiction. the Sacklers legitimately just tried to gain immunity from all jurisdictions for all time?
Don't confuse street opiates of all kinds (including pills) with long-term, medically managed opiate pain care. All the numbers are being conflated (heroin, fentanyl, and fake and/or illegally obtained pills), and thanks to Oliver and 60 minutes etc , pain patients are dying. Literally dying because they are being denied care, are taken off too abruptly, and/or are committing suicide at alarming rates. [Pain doctors with no prior problems are also losing their licenses and killng themselves]. Oliver and others have a duty to our disabled and/or dying veterans and citizens to acknowledge that AMA and the CDC have both stated to clarify the difference, and be clear not to harm pain patients, and yet the pundits still fail to fully clarify the difference. It's abelist. It's inaccurate. It's cruel. And it's deadly.
That CEO at 17:03 sounds like he is making a threat. "You're going to like this or we're going to make it last forever and cost you a lot."
Isn't the FDA just as much to blame too?
Sounds to me like a long way to say "Nationalize the healthcare industry."
The Sacklers make me want to vomit. The problem is, now, people that are truly suffering are incapable of obtaining medicine that is instrumental in our lives continuing with any sort of dignity. I hope you've given this type of situation a little more tonight. Fuck the Sacklers! They should be thrown in prison and take all their money's, but please don't forget about the vast amount of people suffering that can no longer get the help needed.
19:40 - What we want/need is for the individuals to be held personally accountable for the direct actions they took while knowingly poisiong a generation.
What's even more disturbing, albeit a little off topic, is that medical error is estimated to kill between 200K to 400K a year in the U.S. Many of these deaths are preventable, however they are vastly underreported, making them more like medical "mistakes" than "errors."   Given that hospitals were overwhelmed during 2020 due to the pandemic, it most certainly increased the number of deaths to medical error. Making it more "deadly" than COVID-19, which has killed about 300K/year. However, since this has been going on for decades, it's actually like a "pandemic" that has been raging, killing millions of people.  But nobody seems to notice, nobody seems to care...
The doctors were so afraid of lawsuits that I had to wait 6 months for pain killers. I was in so much pain I just stayed in bed in agonizing pain. Within 3 months, I had to use a wheelchair to go to the doctor. I was treated worse than a dog because of the opioid addicts, their lawyers, etc. I hope they all die agonizing deaths along with all their spouses and children. They make Nazis look like angels. They are vile murderers and torturers.
Umm john?  One linguist you don't fuck with would be eminem.  Don't fuck with that wordsmith.
7:30 Books, router, ring light 😂
You kill ONE person, either intentionally or unintentionally, whether by accident, through negligence, carelessness or cold-blooded calculation, and you get to spend at least a few years, if not life, in prison, somewhere you get the death penalty.  You kill HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS for profit, and nobody gets prison time.  It's called BUSINESS.
Gotta give props that the Sackler's lawyer is damn thorough! Still sounds illegal to me though. Freaking ridiculous.
Why is it always about money in the US. Why do they hesitate to put them behind bars, and let's see then, when they will be faced with 15years in prison what they will do.
Lynch the whole family.   Remind the country that if the system fails the people pick up.
None of this is surprising or unprecedented(unfortunately).  It's not uncommon for the american legal system to give the wealth a free pass; well, not quite free, but it doesn't need to be because they can afford it.  The justice system favors the wealth because the laws tend to be written by the wealthy.  America is closer to an oligarchy than a democracy; not in the sense of Russia after the collapse of the USSR, it's far more subtle.   That's just my opinion, feel free to disagree.  That's something I love about this country; it's just unfortunate how little one's views, priorities & rights matter of you don't have the money/power to back then up.  I wish y'all a good night(or day, depending on when you read this).
The astonishing cormorant etiologically scrape because loss yearly flap within a legal can. abandoned, aback lier
All of the Sacklers and its legal team dislike this video
Drag them out in the streets and act like there is no god, and you are the only resulting  manifestation of divine justice and make it take what seems like an eternity
Pardon my ignorance, if drug dealers can have accounts and assets frozen/seized, how can these fine individuals get to pick how to settle?
This is why kids are losing pride in being an American. It ain’t critical race theory, it’s this bullshit.
Great job, John. Forget the Emmy, you deserve a Pulitzer.  Oh, and the entire Sakler family is the American version of pol Pot.
It's absolutely horrible what has happened with opioids and they never disclosed the addictive nature of opium, but please remember that most of the time it is valid and helpful medication for people that live in pain (me included). Villifying the medication and constantly referencing the epidemic only serves to keep disabled people from the treatment they need. Chronic pain patients are more often than not treated like drug seekers and written off completely.
The professoinal singer looked like he was Death.
So the Corleone's we're just working for the organization?
Look at John Oliver, going after a rich and powerful family!   I’m gonna miss him…
Why was OxyContin marketed as non addictive to doctors?
I hate u stop playing when i have auto play on
When you're mega-rich, a fine for breaking the law is just the cost of business. Only way you'll make the 1% notice that they're being punished is if you strip them of *all* their assets.
nothing captures America more than the clip in the beginning of the man screaming "you make me wanna sell oxycontin"
11:14 O, the fruits of human imagination and inter-subjective contructions
The Sacklers only got away with this because we’re a nation of Laws. If this were China, Russia or another few countries they would have been fed to Crocodiles.
Speaking as a victim, I would be happy to see those people burned alive.
JO clearly really listens to his own children, even when they are only 4 yrs old 👍😂😂😂
Well, America, the land of the rich i guess...
@6:55 Bob Geldof?
Love love love you, John. Keep up the good work.
does this family deserve to live?
i dont remember the numbers exactly but if you had a million dollars you could spend 1000 a day for 32 years and still be fine and if you have just 1 billion you could spend 1000 a day for 3000 years. noone needs that much money these people need to be humbled and broken
Drug Dealers.
Not defending Purdue Pharma, however, where are all the doctors that prescribed this medication? Why aren’t the doctors that prescribed this medication being help accountable? This entire episode has a lot of holes in it. And yes, that’s how the system works.
All the same people that make the vaccines 🤔
john oliver took the easy way out and blame it on the sacklers.  if you look at opium production in Afghanistan then you will ask why?
Musket Fire At The Tavern  on Main
So I drove trucks for 30+ years and I’m in pain from arthritis in my wrists and back 24 hrs a day and I get to live in that pain during my retirement years thanks to the opioid epidemic that makes no sense to take away pain meds from people who actually need them because you force them to get them elsewhere, not me but I’m sure a large part of this epidemic people who Are addicted to not being in pain. If big Pharma broke laws as well as drug dealers put in damn jail not punish people in actual pain
Not even surprised that yet again some ultra rich people don't get what they deserve... Typical
Empire of Pain was a phenomenal but chilling book. Highly recommend
Hahaha, billionaire goes to space and dies... Hilarious... It's fun to dehumanize humans based on their monetary value, just not anything else, right?
Jhonny-mate,  get them to get rid of their guns, any social issue is easier whiteout 5.56 or 9mm Ammo, just sayin, cheers from the place your country left, the EU😅😅
HOLD UP, we're giving tax dollars to drug addicts?
This is the type of shit that breeds nihilism
Gentrified Pablo Escobars.   #SackTheSacklers #AnyAccountabilityAtAll #NoMoreBillions
Shoutout to Patrick Radden Keefe, many people get first exposed to this infuriating nonsense through John Oliver, but if people want more than just a taste, give Keefe’s Empire of Pain a read… it’s a magisterial text
Well, I was addicted to oxy, then heroin, but thank tha lard! I got me on suboxone and now I'm good! Thanks Pharma! They told me it weren't habbit foarmin' but whenever I stop takin mah pills, I get the squirts something fierce and feel like mah whole body's on fire. Probably aren't nothin', though.
Why is this so hard for people to understand? Opioids have been popular since the beginning of time who cares? Handle your shit ! If the world wasn’t such shit people wouldn’t want to kill themselves it’s not anyone’s fault but the government for making it so hard for people.
John I beg you to look in Dubai human rights
And you get arrested for possession. For a way less dangerous drug, that's legal in some states.   Fuck. That.
Waiting for the A&E documentary series about the most prolific heroin dealers. These folks need to be Episode 1.
Trusted drug companies with opioids..... WHY NOT trust them again with the vaccines...
El chapo or Escobar couldn't go to sleep and dream of what these people are getting away with. Opioid producing pharma are all legit drug dealers. Even for patients that really do need the drugs they make. Dont kid yourself, a patient feeling relief is just a byproduct of selling something profitable and proprietary.   They get to walk after knowingly marketing and selling dangerous products marked as safe. Meanwhile, civil forfeiture laws take every last penny and possession a family has because someone gets caught with personal use drugs misidentified as a seller. Its business as usual that should not be. Public opinion is changed in ways inconceivable at the moment, but will have their impact later. I can only hope the changes are for the better. How this is playing out in the courts is all so familiar and disgusting to me.
Corporations are people.
Other title: how the top 1% skirt the legal system while everyone else can get in prison for possession of a pipe with the wrong type of plant in it
Actually doesn't sound weird to me at all sounds exactly like corporate America and exactly how the corporate structure is set up in America welcome to America!
Dox the family
Richard Kind is a treasure ❤️
You talk about Purdue but what about Pfizer!!!! Oh that's right Pfizer owns your broadcast.
Writing this comment to push the vid an p the sacklers off.  And now I'll go the ecosia and seacher for keyword as like , Opioide epidemic sackler , sacklers opiods and sacklers evil
Their lawyers were very smart. Credit to them!
If your 4 year old seriously comes and ask why you are killing people, then you might have to check wtf you are doing..
my entire family is victim to these bastards. I say we string these people up in Times Square
I lost my sister to opiods two years ago. During her autopsy we were made aware she was pregnant.  I cannot put into words the horror I hope for these people. That being said as infuriating as this all is im here for the consistent pettiness
I was prescribed some Oxycontin for an injury. It really does take care of the pain. I certainly would not abuse it, but then again I do not use any alcohol, nor do I use any tobacco products, or any marijuana. How many deaths from disease and traffic accidents have these items cost and how much money do the companies that sell them make? ...Or fast- fat food and empty-calories snack foods? How many people have these products killed from obesity? Who are the people behind these products?
Please do a show on this doctor's findings! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tUE5EBPt-lU&feature=youtu.be
That authoritarian tinge
I don't know how i feel about this show anymore. they (HBO) throw tons of money at,  and makes it very little difference in the grand scheme of things. i guess its not as funny to actually try and change the world or make a difference in society. lets just talk about it instead.
Human greed is the real epidemic unfortunatly.
Im an addict. My friends are either dead, homeless, depressed, or hopelessly trapped in addiction. Its not just the individuals that lose their freedoms because of drugs, but its also their families, and the whole society that pays an immeasurable price. Fuck the sacklers! Fuck the system! Love your brother, your sister, and your neighbor
Dear US Americans;  When your god is money... And ethics are a catch phrase, to pay lip service to, to keep the masses at ease (an emotional Opioid of sorts)... Then expect Opioid crisis's and people such as the Sacklers to always be at the top.  Sincerely  The rest of the Human Race
"Sorry we killed your kid.  Here's $3,500."
They are murderers.  They should go to prison.  Saying "I didn't do it, the corporation did" is just more of the nonsense arguments that are facilitated by considering corporations people.  These are solvable problems.
Remember how conservaturds said Universal healthcare would put the government between people and their Drs. The DEA now stands between me and my Dr because I take pain meds for a series of failed back surgeries. I have been on them for years I have never abused them but I have to go in and have a blood test every 6 months to show I have the proper amount in my system. It's a stupid waste of resources.  If I wanted to cheat this wouldn't stop me all I would have to do is take the proper dose for a few days before the test.
John Oliver is not your grand ma’s 60 Minutes!!
i love how i see lambchop everywhere now
Capitalism at its best
How to get away with murder, be a billionaire who does it through their corporation.
They knew what they were doing since the beginning. Did they know they'd net that much money? Maybe not. But they certainly knew the fiscal potential. They knew how addictive it is. Let them burn. They're devils anyways.
John Oliver, I hope you read this.  Another possible reason for the Opioid crisis is the suppression of medical research and ignorance towards the origins of pain.  There is solid research that pinpoints that the origins of ALL pain begins with the inflammatory process response in the body.  Here is an excerpt from an article (Irrespective of the characteristic of the pain, whether it is sharp, dull, aching, burning, stabbing, numbing or tingling, all pain arise from inflammation and the inflammatory response. We are proposing a re-classification and treatment of pain syndromes based upon their inflammatory profile.)  One of the best and most effective treatments is a long-acting, non-addictive injectable drug called TORADOL. Why on earth it is not being used post-operative, post-injury, or for acute short-term pain, and nerve pain confounds me.  Of course it is not a drug that can be used in every situation, but it has a broad range of use with a far lower chance of mortality.  My personal experience was falling off a roof cutting down branches. I landed  on a ladder. I was diagnosed with a cracked rib and severe contusions to my spine, pelvis, ribs, organs, muscles, nerves, tendons and ligaments. The pain was so severe that I was almost in constant tears.  My doctor immediately started me on a once a day 60mg injection of Toradol. By the 4th day I was 80% out of pain. We did discuss prescribing an opioid, but only if I didn't respond to the Toradol injections.  It was like magic. Toradol not only relieves pain, but it also heals; something opioids can't do. To my point is that there is this other cog in the wheel of this opioid addiction crisis - the suppression of pain research and financial support to advance current access. If states are going to fund drug rehab clinics, then why not fund pain control clinics or produce take home injectable like they have with insulin pens and hormone treatments or fertility drugs? As a nurse and my mom (also a nurse), the number one reason most doctors don't prescribe and administer drugs like Toradol, which are a lot safer and more effective without fear of addiction .........drum roll............. lazy. Just plain lazy. They rather call in to a pharmacy a months supply so they don't have to deal with the patient for a while.
Referring to the Boss drive around.. My boss's go behind us like we are criminals. Trying to find any little thing even when the customer is happy and that still amazes me.
This would be the moment the second amendment would come in to play.....
As soon as I heard their names I thought of trading places
Oxyconin Blues was better.
i don't care what anyone says these pills help so much and so many people who need them. they may be rich so be it. just keep helping people.
18:30 no lady you want to have a fucking tantrum.
This is such bullshit, you knew the risks giving any kind off painkiller. Try saying this citizen knew the risk taking a old school pain killer now having a tantrum it felt to good and doesn't want to quit. That's about the same fucking level of stupidity here people.
just think, "all the drug dealers in america going to prisons for life and the drug related crime from the prohibition of scheduled agents.....irony
siiiigh. Oh my doctor gave me opium so I can keep doing what ever it was and now we're upset that kare, chad, and kyle got high AF off of it. I fail to see the issue here.
I...actually apreciate the honesty and balls of Perdue.
This is such a croc. These drugs have been around forever and people don't need to buy them or take them. The problem now is people that actually need tham can't get them and SUFFER from PAIN!! Because some people can't regulate and properly prescribe this med EVERYONE has to SUFFER. i was taking oxy before this "epidemic" when there was little problems of handing it out like candy. I mitigated the withdrawl problems and never sought out more and more to maintain a high from the drug. In fact i weaned myself down to minimal amount to treat unbearable pain along with Atarax to minimize withrdrawl symptoms. After the first 4 or so months the euphoric effects go away but the pain is treated well. I never sought to keep the euphoric effects by keep increasing dosage. I was fine yet because other people can't control themselves i now have been cut off. Nothing like blaming the manufacturer and sales people.  What a CROC! it's unbelievable how people don't take responsibility for their OWN actions! Thanks alot ASSHOLES! Quit blaming the manufacturer and sales people.
Where there is a demand, there will be some greedy person to fill the supply. In the end, the responsibility falls on the consumer to decide to be responsible with their intake of prescribed or illegal drugs.  Doctors use prescriptions as a legitimate form of treatment.  When a doctor knows they are prescribing addictive substances, it is on them to control and monitor the patient closely.  You can blame whoever you want. I lost my girlfriend to opiate overdose.  She chose her fate. And now...well the world still spins, only without her.
I'm a registered nurse. I have seen the tactics these Pharma companies used to push opioids. I worked ER for 13 years and saw how the opioid epidemic affected individuals and societies. The amount of disgust I felt at the Sackler family's "deal" far exceeded that of all the bedpans I've emptied in over 20 years of nursing. Thank you for covering this story and spreading the word about it. I just wish we could have justice
How about you do a episode about the water crisis
next thing they should look at is fentanyl. it's so deadly that a police officer instantly OD'd just from handling it during an arrest.
I’m wondering who are the 1.8k people who disliked the video, do y’all like rich people fucking over people in pain that much???
Pablo Escobar's ghost be thinking: "Damn, I shoulda sold opioids instead, would have worked out way better in the long run"
yeah in the late 90's pharma was so corrupt. my husband was an MD and they would offer him trips with prostitutes to get him to sell more of w/e their drugs were. in 2014 though, thank god the FDA shut all that down. now they can't even give pens to doctors. they were so annoying everytime they came to the office. they would just walk in like they owned the place, who cares about how many patients were in the waiting room.
So the deal is essentially:            Alright, we'll pay 4 billion, but for us to do that you're gonna let us run away with these 7 billion in private monies. Oh, the rest of of the 10 billion we promised is gonna come out of the company. But who cares - it's the company we're giving up right now. So in a weird way, the relief fund the company we have to turn the company into is gonna carry 7 of the billions we have to pay, depriving the victims (again), right?               So we lost the company anyways, but we can still use it as a shield worth 7 billion dollars, AND ON TOP OF THAT *the company* is gonna catch all of the legal fallout, so nobody of us is going to prison.               Hey, let me me explain why that makes us the good guys: We could do what any giant billion-dollar company does in these cases and draw these hearings out in court individually, which would mean that we would probably be able to fuck MOST OF YOU out of any type of settlement money. Who knows - a bunch of you would probably die before seeing the end of those hearings, right?                So in the true spirit of "when does this get any fun for you? Oh, when I stop punching you in the face!" we're the good guys here.
lost my brother 2 years ago to an overdose - addiction starting from a back injury. These are evil people who have blood on their hands
Opioids are the true pandemic. Opiates fuel the drug/gun violence, Federal/State debt due to crime, hospitalization, prisons, rehabilitation.  Oh yeah! I almost forgot about that drug highway. Mexico to USA brings in enough variants of fentanyl, carfentynal to kill every single person in the USA 1000x's over.
Great. Now, how about a segment about governmental over-response to opiods has resulted in disadvantaging actual disabled people who need those pain meds but now have to sign pain contracts with doctors who require office visits and  copays every month? Because some people couldm't use their drugs responsibly, and profit-driven companies tied  to sell more product, actual pain patients suffer more cost and inconvenience. Maybe a story about that disconnect in logic, huh?
How about we address the Meth epidemic in this country almost everyone is on it and it's sad. Makes people so stupid.
Haha, no wonder this story makes people mad. Funny also from a linguistic point of view (don't fuck with, etc.:) In German, the family name would be rather funny, since "Sack" in connection with a person can be either an insult meaning male testicles (and used pars pro toto, of course), and specifically in Vienna, it sounds like the old slang word "Sacklpicker", someone who glues paper bags together, which seems to have been a common pastime for people in prison and therefore meant jailbirds.
Why not give out the name of the judge???
1:14 what have i just watched o.o
Oh, come on, John. Let's forget the past and focus on the future. A future where the rich know for sure they can get away with anything.
While I understand the anger toward the Sacklers, I find this American style justice John seems to favor here kinda weird. It's all so bend on vengeance against the perpetrators instead of trying to make the future better. Also the "victims want to have their voices heard" argument seems totally out of place. Is that the goal of legal battles? Aren't their voices heard right her and now in the media where it belongs?
WHY THE ACTUAL FUCK DIDENT YOU CALL HIM DICK SACKLER?!!?!?!??!
The economy hardship, recession, unemployment and loss of job caused by covid pandemic is enough to push people into financial ventures.
Lost a friend at 19. Saw a friend selling at 20. 11 years later I can say still haven't fully recovered.
Monsters.
Incredible reporting…Thank you, John & Staff!!
Had to have a few surgeries due to semi pro football. Immediately I was put on oxy, I was given way too much.. Went from starting quarterback to heroin addict in a couple of years. Still picking up the pieces. Still thinking of all my friends who didn't make it. It's affected so many Americans especially in the middle class. I remember looking around a meeting in rehab and seeing all young mostly Irish-descendant males. I counted 26 of us. Seems like we were predisposed to addiction already and this market was a trap set up for us to fall into. These people know what they're doing
Funny
If you’re a billionaire, will it ever be possible for you not to be a billionaire? Has it ever happened?
Let's hope John has lawyers on retainer lmao
With the poorest of Americans being forced to live in tents and pray they live to next week; what would stop people on overdosing cheap drugs?   •Fix the government •fix the nation •ban biased news media  Those are your bullet points; now expand on ideas to make it happen
Does anyone of you suffer from chronic pain apparently not if it wasn’t for this particular drug I would not be alive thank you for not caring about the millions of real patients who suffer every minute of every day  now having to live this hell
Even though I tend to disagree with John Oliver's takes on a number of things I gotta love how he makes his content enjoyable to watch and entertaining.  No one's going to cry over the Sacklers getting a reeming save maybe the Sacklers themselves, but I don't think a billionaire dying out in space is indicative of a good thing =/
It's awful, I know. I feel like actual pain management patients (ME) are the only ones suffering over any of the "resolutions" to the Opioid problem. Addicts just switched to Meth while legitimate patients, even post surgery, are denied necessary medical treatment.
1:50 *looks at his growing collection of virtual pets.* and I only remember having one. I guess I enjoy raising these things just to have them die?
No problem with going after the Sacklers, but what about the doctors, pharmacists etc who failed to protect their patients?
“What more do you want?”  To quote those well known philosophers and explorers of the human psyche “Slayer”: “ ON MY WALL YOUR HEAD”.
Dude saying rich people going up to space & dying there is without a doubt the coldest most callous reprehensible thing I've heard you say. You should be TOTALLY ashamed of yourself! I have no love at all for Jeff Bezo's making his employees urinate in bottles to keep up impossible production rates. But wishing death to people because they are rich shows you too have vile, inhumane attributes that are beneath contempt! You are NOT the nice guy you claim to be. Here YOUR OWN WORDS PROVE IT!
The rich will do what they want.
I love Richard Sackler! Is he on Tender?
Last week tonight could talk about the new FDA approved medication for Idiopathic Hypersomnia and how shitty the New York Times article they wrote is towards us with IH - comparing it to 'date r*pe' drug, and focusing on that aspect instead of y'know...the actual sleep disorder and how life changing it actually is. We already face so much stigma in our daily lives and now NYT reports about it with a shitty click-bait which will harm us all. Just a thought.
They should all go to jail. My doctor told me in 1997 that OxyContin was not as addictive as morphine or other pain medications. So much so, I'm lucky to be alive. At 25 years old I was being given 60mg Oxycontin 4 times a day with 10mg Oxycodone 6 times a day then put on Duragesic patch at 75mcg . I have to wonder why no one has spoke about the Sackler's owning Rhodes Pharma in 2007 who also makes Oxycodone and distributes in the U.S.?
The Sackler Cartel.  <<--this title would be considerably more damaging.  #sacklercartel
i love how they buy domains and fak with the people they are speaking about hahahahahha so funny
Sacklers just out there showing everyone how to be successful drug dealers and get away with it. They haven't even needed to launder any of the money they made.
Corporations make hackey bullshit products all the time. It’s the FDA’s responsibility to regulate them. This is just as much a failing of the FDA as it is the corporation. Just goes to show that skepticism of doctors, pharma, and the FDA is well founded. Why they all failed is up to speculation. That they failed isn’t.
Thank you for the difference you make every week.
John Oliver: soon to be out of work. Just slightly behind Don Lemon and Stephen Colbert.
@LastWeekTonight Mr. Oliver- buying the dot com was just…🤌🏽 *chef’s kiss*. 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽💐💐🏆🎖🏅
Hey where the hell is the pesto chicken recipe?
I find it hilarious how the guy acts like he is quoting a 4-year-old when really his anecdote makes me question how many hours he has spent actually paying attention to his child. If you actively listen you can see when shit just DOES NOT add up.
Still you should worry John. Linguists, especially the cunning ones, are well known for capturing their prey in order to strip them bare and lick/nibble//tease their nether regions into submission.
they should all be in prison and their entire fortune confiscated
I can't even explain how difficult it is to make new friends at the age of 40-ish, because it seems like everyone has a drug problem. It sucks.
What if, Just hear me out, people start civil unrest movement and stop consumption of these evil medicines. What would that do to Sacklers? Huh?
I admit I never had a prescription however I started with oxy then they got too expensive and hard to find so went to roxys. After that it was a matter of no time before I was sniffing dope then shooting it. The entire experience was about 8 or 9 years
Sure, blame these people. Do as you please. But. . .   What about the reasons people abuse these drugs (untreated mental illness, chronic pain, regular addiction, etc)?  How about the politicians that allowed this to happen in the first place, (and the citizens that VOTED them into office), and the fact that doctors are now prescribing less opioids than ever, and deaths and overdoses are on the rise? Indicating that there are far more underlying causes that need addressing (and attention), instead of the people that filled up the gap that the street or another pharmaceutical company would have.
The system is just rigged for the rich.
Back around 2009 or so, some Sacklers funded an annual music composition prize and concert series at the state University near me.  At the time, I thought it was tasteless how many of the students would show up drunk at the event where the very old Sacklers would toddle in for the performance. Not so much now.
Who cares.
Just cause you sell a drug doesn't really matter no one is forced to do anything you don't just suddenly became addicted it takes awhile
After seeing this wonderful insight into the Sacklers, there's drug running cartels out there reassessing their business ventures meanwhile, this insight also sheds light on the continued tragedy of the justice system and how it favors the wealthy and corporations. Btw, billionaire dies in space deserves a sequel involving this adorable clan of misery.
That judge should be removed from the earth. Prove me wrong.
Every time John Oliver buys a website, an angel gets its wings.
I not sure I miss the 2 Comedy Central news before they retired
The Sacklers are what we call " Kingpins; as big as Elchapo ".. They are in the illicit drug trade i.e Heroin and cocaine and just might be the kings of the meth 😉 distribution...
For profit healthcare is an utter disaster.
Fuck John Oliver, I love White Plains
1:37 Repo! The Genetic Opera IRL
No billions or millions. Nothing. They killed Americans on purpose for money. Why is everyone so afraid to say what shit is?
what I have learned from watching Last Week Tonight: once you hoard enough wealth you can benefit from a seemingly infinite number of methods to hide or shield your income from taxation, drain the revenue coffers for social programs, essentially get away with mass murder, and irreparably poison or pollute the public environment without suffering any personal, legal, or financial repercussions to you, your business, or your family... tell me again how the United States is the greatest country on Earth... whisper sweet nothings into my ear before you take me from behind without any lubrication
the bit about going to white place just to newyork is that. newyork isnt even that good of a place to live. like "eh its alright" is the best way to describe it, and thats for the good parts of newyork
My Mom couldn't even get her pain medication despite having cancer, gout and a bulging disc after the opiod crisis shut down Fentanyl has exploded because noone can get their meds anymore
Its just not as funny minus the studio. Feels less and less like a comedy program every week
the sacklers are the 20th century version of meths.
I don’t know!
A friend of mine who is older told me once that he had been prescribed OxyContin to help relieve pain in his shoulder. I asked him if it was helping and he said that it made him feel like he was 18 again. I can see why people would want to take it!
Let's be clear. That website is for legislators, not us.
It cracks me up when John rants on billionaires dying in space and makes 8 million a year and throws around hbo money like candy. The rest of the video shitting on Purdue is warranted.
The Sackler family or Purdue Pharm found themselves on hell of an attorney that came up with the idea to open a branch of company in a bankrupt friendly state. Not to mention the judge also ruling in favor of 3rd party bankruptcy. Sure, they pay millions in legal fees but all in all that tactic saved them billions and possibly jail time. I am curious to know what companies are profiting from Dilaudid's (hydromorphone) because it's pretty big in Florida an it's expensive which leads to other options for pain.
Its getting hard to not see torch and pitchfork mobs as the most efficient way of dealing with the ultra rich.
Sackler in one court room , r-Kelly in the other
We can also direct attention at the judge who’s gonna allow for this corruption to continue? Isn’t that democratic participation?
This dummy is talking about it NOW after they've been doing this for 15 years?  Afghanistan became the world's top producer of opium, while they were under US military occupation.  I guess it's just now CONVENIENT to talk about this, after it's been known about for over a decade and a 1/2.
opioid crisis introduced to you by the same people that want to protect you from deadly air with a needle.
Remember y'all, assassinations are still a thing
Why should these folks be treated different than Escobar et al?
My heart goes out to the victims and their lived ones. I was prescribed Oxycontin in 2009/2010 after a car accident and related surgery. I can absolutely see how I could have become addicted to it if I hadn't had the support of my family.  I took it multiple times a day for 3+ months before I started weaning off of it. Although I mentally didn't want to take it anymore, my body was already showing signs of addiction and, subsequently, I had withdrawal symptoms when I would try to go just 2 extra hours before my next dose. I was nauseous, clammy, hot, cold, anxious, and jittery. It felt like my skin was crawling and I would pace around the room. I remember being in a movie theater one time when I was past due for another dose and even though I was on a knee scooter for my injury, I got up and paced the ramp leading down to the door of the theater because I physically could not sit still.  I can only begin to imagine what people go through who are truly addicted to it. 😔
This is situation is like if Coca-Cola went back to its namesake, people got addicted to it, died, their families sued the company, but the ceo got away with all of it. If you wouldn't let Coca-Cola's CEO get away with it, don't let the Sacklers get away with it.
Human life costs 3500 per family.
Tell us what we already know.   THE JUSTICE SYSTEM IN MANY COUNTRIES IS UNJUST BECAUSE JUSTICE MEANS DIFFERENT THINGS TO THE DEFENDANT AND THE PROSECUTION.  SIgh John. Just sigh.   Unfortunately one party complaining about a judgement won’t change the law.
AWESOME DOPE NESS JIHAD KIM HEEL
CRAZY 8 CATLE BOM KIM
DMT SIGGARETTE HOET SE POES
Welcome to the front lines, Johnny-come-lately!
“Obvious tactic” no it’s corruption!
you can break everything down to Care,  and from every/any angle once you do,  you found the root/reason of everyone.     LOVE is..CARING DEEPLY,   YOU DONT GIVE A FUCK /as in YOU DONT CARE /as in YOU NOTHING thus What is Your EVERYTHING?
Let's imagine not getting that judge. Imagine saying that it is not their address because real business was not made.
I can't believe it, but John Oliver has become the modern day Howard Beale.   "I'M MAD AS HELL AND I'M NOT GONNA TAKE ANY MORE!"
What religion are the Sacklers?
Can someone explains to me why, with all their paramilitary and weapons available and people saying they can defend themselves... no armed group take on those kind of billionnaires ? I mean, they have the blood of thousands of people on their hand. How many 9/11 was and still is the opioid crisis ?  I mean, the point isn't how many money they can keep or give, it is how many years of prisons they can do at this point.
Having a health care system that prevents that kind of joke, is this a problem I'm too European to understand? Seriously, the government is at least as guilty as these guys for allowing this to work. Aren't they the ones who really get it even easier?
Death to America!!!
Talk about CUBA and the proposed free internet for them.
This is great. I like the way John makes so many great points and keeps it engaging.
When do you plan to talk about current inflation
Why is no one talking about how that Purdue guy’s name is literally DICK SACKLER!!?!??
Every Sackler involved should be executed by shooting in front of a public audience
I swear, I live in Indiana and every time I hear Purdue, I think of the University, not this shitty Pharmaceutical company.
If I'm a billionaire and murder someone, then proclaim I'll donate half of my fortune to murder prevention am I not still guilty of murder?
I can't wait to be wealthy I'm tired of the law holding me back
Steve Miller is the impersonation of the word douche
I don’t know
Sadly, a lot of people don’t consider the other side of the opioid crisis—that a lot of people with chronic pain conditions are being denied pain medication and are suffering.
Well there goes my blood pressure
They are the real drug dealers
I have not been affected by this crisis but I cannot imagine what theses families have gone are are still going through. When he does piece like these that inform and and open our eyes and also let’s these affected families voices be heard it hits my heart hard. These productions do great work and agree with you 100 percent on the “ they deserve 0 billions to keep “ and wish karma comes there way . It sounds mean and bad but for all they pain they still happening even till this date they kinda deserve it.
Did the doctors who received kickbacks also getting any punishments? I dont see any results about this on the internet. This crisis is so bad at so many levels :-(
Everyone has a choice to put medication into their bodies. I have been subscribed oxy, perc and even codeine. I never took more than necessary and stopped when pain became bearable. Too many people want to go to no pain end end up taking these drugs for two, three or more refills. Doctors cannot feel your pain. They have to take YOUR word.If you don't want to develop dependency, stop taking the drugs.
Pharmacy companies are greedy, profit-driven mass murderers and destroyers of families. Prove me wrong.
But we should totally trust big pharma on rapid vaccine development and distribution where they have 0 liability and stand to make billions.
I love how Richard Kind went from playing the "I Dont Know" Sackler of Purdue Pharma to the Narrator of "Now you Know" Freestyle Libre for Diabetes Guy. Crazy to think of his involvement of Pharmaceutical industry besides his Spin City acting.
Do one about  Afghanistan and the Talibans
This is America.
Those pieces of shit ruined so many ppls lives including my own. There’s a special place reserved in hell for all of the ppl that were complicit in this tragedy. I can’t even count how many ppl I know are dead from opiates and all of them started with oxycodone.
Trash
This is so funny because I know so many linguists 😂
Justice here should be as follows  75% of their money goes to the victims  25% of their money is awarded to the prosecutor who gets the most sacklers behind bars.
My bestfriend died right after his 21th birthday 2years ago, from a fentanyl laced oxycontin. And i still kept using risking fake pills. Opiods are a serious problem in our country and we can't let the youth inherit it's detrimental burden. I am now 1year sober btw. RIP Jason 'frodo' Rodriguez
As a linguists, I approve. Lol.
How do you get 1.6K downvotes on an issue that is documented and well known.
There's a reason they call it, "filthy rich".
No focus was on Crack. Screw them
Well, Dr. Of is true. Many different Doctorates are awarded to those who finish the requirements. The subject of those Doctorates are important when you try to apply them way outside of your expertise. At least they should be. That's doesn't mean that they have not worked hard for their distinction, but when applying it to something not even vaguely related to a subject, its unpalatable.
Richard Sackler is probably happy people might think that guy is him and he will get more privacy
Wow! The actors' renditions were scary accurate!
New money that got too rich too quick getting a humiliation ritual by the real elite
1:41 actually John, that is clearly an Oxy-fueled, Oxy-themed cover of Shout.
Do they manufacture pseudoephedrine too?    Research how the pharmaceutical companies are working overtime to keep the streets flowing with meth.    All around the world the same song.    Tired of being depressed from all the depressants?    Say hello to my little friend and try a pick me up instead.  John 10:9-15   I am the door;   if anyone enters through Me,   he will be saved,   and will go in and out and find pasture.   The thief comes only to   steal   and kill   and destroy;  I came so that they would have life, and have it abundantly.  “I am the good shepherd;   the good shepherd lays down His life for the sheep.   He who is a hired hand,   and not a shepherd,   who is not the owner of the sheep,   sees the wolf coming, and leaves the sheep and flees;   and the wolf snatches them and scatters the flock.   He flees because he is a hired hand and does not care about the sheep.   I am the good shepherd, and I know My own, and My own know Me,   just as the Father knows Me and I know the Father;   and I lay down My life for the sheep.
I was on the site. My question is: where is the recipe for chicken pesto?!?!?!
Bro, the US is so fucked up.
Words can not express my love for this show. Very cathartic in the midst of so much injustice.
How dare Jon insult our healthcare heroes
"How much do you want?" I want the Sacklers, every last one of them, to be stripped of every single asset, permanently barred from running any other company or holding high management positions, and forced to live a middle class existance. Because they're so used to opulence that living a normal life like the rest of us would be absolute torture for them.
Wait didn't the feds approve the drug ? Isn't it them who created laws to prevent other medications be prescribed and promote the drug via the FDA?  Seems they are avoiding accountability
I used to like this guy, I nolonger find him funny.
This is priceless John Oliver... :-)
Wait... So you are saying that the guys name is "Dick Sackler?"
Really? Not a single mention that they’re Jewish?
Unfortunately because of these assholes now it's next to impossible to get opiates to people who truly need it, and now the same thing is happening with benzos and we'll have a similar issue with them
I just lost my boyfriend in May to Fentanyl. They're putting it in everything now, my boyfriend got in in cocaine
Oxy themed cover of shout 😅
eat the rich
Absolutely disgusting miscarriage of justice
These people are parasites to society.
what were traditionally crimes for empire abroad have come home to roost. surprised there were no parallels explored between this and the Opium wars. but then, Oliver's show has never gone the extra mile. that would be getting into the brass tacks of liberal "free trade" ideology, and that they still wont touch.
"Corporations are people, my friend" -Mitt 'Binders full of women' 'Pro-abortion Mormon' 'wow he still holds federal office I completely forgot' Romney
Sacklers it's wasn't me😂😂😂😂
The only just punishment is the SACKLESS SACKLERS  should have to pay for rehab for any opioid addict that wants to go to rehab for the next 50 years and they should have to reimburse the government for all opioid related rehab they already have paid for since 2000... and they also should have to reimburse every patient the 500 to 600.00 a month oxycontin cost for 30 to 60 pills monthly in the 2000's. Having to give 1% of the money their mass murder made them back to the government is not punishing those jerks. This is insanely wrong !!
The Sackler's can kiss the sack of every oxycontin addict that they got addicted who died because they got addicted because the Sacklers themselves told all of us by the forms we signed to take oxycontin that told all of us that studies proved only 3% of oxycontin takers ever got addicted. It turned out they based that on one study they paid for themselves of 27 people !! and they dared to lie to all the doctors and the patients to get them to prescribe it like crazy, offering the doctors trips etc to prescribe it to get a whole nation addicted ! May they themselves suffer withdrawal for weeks before they die, every single Sackler. I know 10 people who are dead now, some under 20 years old and the government TOO knew all about this !!
Meanwhile, a 20 year old kid selling a dime bag and not defrauding or killing anyone gets put in the clink for 10 years on his first charge. Good ole American "just-us" system! 🇺🇸
I love this guy and what he does.
Okay one thing is the immoral private companies that will always exist and there's always gonna be somebody who is going to sell anything that can be sold even if it means turning half a nation into drug addicts. The other side is key here and that is weak government. The government shouldn't ever make this possible. Instead of trying to limit this problem to Sacklers or any other single name, let's finally realize that we should blame the STATE in the first place!
This is America.
There most dangerous things for addicts is not having access to clean needles and opioids of a consistent potency. These would be totally reversed if we did not criminalize the drug trade. Heroin does not destabilize addict’s lives, NOT HAVING HEROIN consistently does VERY much so.
And none of these drug dealers have served any time. While are jails and prisons are full of "drug dealers". How'd that happen?
'SHOUT!' was originally made by the Isley Bros. in 1962. Not the 1990's. That was a cover. Is this what appropriation means? Just asking.
Take responsibility for your own actions.  Don't blame a manufacturer for your lack of self control.
I know that it is a low hanging fruit, but fuck the Nutsacklers. Somebody carry this torch to a deez nuts joke.
Those people‘s money is dirty. Taking help from the organization scheduled to open with their money is similar to sitting at their dinner table and breaking bread with them. No justice has occurred. It is painful to consider what has happened to victims. On a side note, I won’t be subscribing, John is funny and I don’t think laughing at it is right.
@19:37  The "system" is paid for by the ultra-rich, who can buy and sell laws however they want.  There are two legals systems in the US:   The one for the wealthy (which is controlled by those same wealthy) and the one for everyone else.
How is that possible, that they are not trailed for homicide? Fuck that shit.
Every penny of profit the Sacklers made in the sale of their Opioids should be taken away in lump sum, immediately....
Its amazing how 3 months ago John made the "take the experimental vaccine you idiot" and now hes all like "its disgusting how a pharma company isnt held accountable for killing and harming people despite thousands of lawsuits"
I fucking hate this system
"It's not my fault that pedestrian died when my car hit him. It's my car's fault"  - Every. Sackler. Ever.
Listen....Y'all can't keep complaining about 'opioids' or in fact any medicine related mortality...or even pharma companies if your folks are gonna let anyone "ask doctors" with no regulations. Y'all are country of idiots who think mass shootings is a gun problem, not shooters responsibility
The double negative joke tho 🤣🤣
It just blew my mind that Steve Miller is the CEO!!. It makes complete sense because he has made a career out of fucking over the average American worker. When general motors dumped off all of their assets to Delphi.  Delphi deliberately ran salary and hourly workers pensions and benefits into the ground/bankruptcy while shipping all work overseas. he was at the helm putting all that debt back over to the taxpayer via Pbgc. Now all the processors/ chips we were making in the Fab in Kokomo Indiana are shutting the country down in regards to the automotive industry courtesy of that dick face. The history of that guy should be a John Oliver story!!! John,  please do it!  Cuz I can't imagine what you would uncover. I'm Pretty certain it would be deplorable...
The Sackler family was helping me. Without their influence life has become unlivable for people in pain. All the progress we have made with modern medicine has been lost by declaring an opiate crisis
What do I want? All their money and assets and them in prison. The one time we need to war on drugs the perpetrators are getting away scott free
Thank you John Oliver. This settlement must not be allowed to go through. This family should die penniless for all they've done. They've ruined hundreds of innumerable lives and killed innumerable people. They should never have a moment's peace for the rest of their time on this earth. May what they've wrought be returned to them 1,000 fold.
These people get to CHOOSE their judges?? Why is that possible.
Im NOT a forgiving liberal.  come to Chicago david sackler, see how the people of the street hear your cowardice and lies. the sackler family hides behind their money because they know people want to hurt them, they ended lives and murdered innocent Americans. Yes david, people will hurt you badly if given the opportunity.
I'm thinking John Oliver's hard drive contains illegal photos of young boys.
eat the rich
I lost a friend to Oxy.. in 1999. And nothing has changed. A corrupt perv doctor was giving it to teens, doing unspeakable things in exchange.   This is systemic and dark. History will look on this very poorly, even after we eventually do something. Waiting..
We need an irl Leverage team, Hardison could fix this
When are you going to do one on China and their role in the international public health crisis??????????????????
guarantee they made more than any 10 billion dollars on their opiates.
they should have to give up every penny they made pushing their poison. they ruined my life and countless others and trying to blame it on a generic is rediculous the generic company didn't invent the God damned oxycontin. I wish these ass holes would fall up dead.
Are you going to do a follow-up on how they've now switched from opioids to benzos?   In 2020 alone, 91 million prescript​ions were written for them.
The 14th Constitutional Amendment at its finest. Under U.S. law, some essential rights of the 14th amendment belong not only to American citizens, but also corporations which allows them to the freedoms of individuals without criminal liability. Money can’t buy ya love, but it can surely buy ones freedom.
Talk about Lebanon already!
They would be in prison or dead if they ran there business from Colombia
10:15 💀
I've been taking oxycodone since 2005 for my constant chronic pain and have tried getting off of it many times, asking my doc to switch me to something else. It was first prescribed to me by a Psychiatrist. It's so addictive. I go to a pain specialist doc now and she prescribes me ms contin along with oxycodone.   This shit is so damn hard to stop taking. I work out at the gym 6 times a week. Have had two surgeries; one neck one lower back. I push myself to get stronger and much healthier. It's a fucking demon that ain't gonna stop.   Make them pay.
Bill Gates would like to point out to you that wine consumption is down. https://youtu.be/4oT2WupNkGg
Where’s the war on drugs?
This whole country/planet is F*'d as long as rich and powerful people can get away with shit like this without accountability. People should not be able to profit off of basic human needs for survival in the first place. As long as health care, food, shelter, and natural resources are just commodities to exploit, the people and their rights will be exploited for profit, it's not hard to connect those dots. Even justice can be bought and sold in this country.
website doesn't work
You are a hero.
No amount of money will never be enough. A life is priceless. Blood begets blood.
As someone who's life has been greatly affected by the opioid epidemic, I truly appreciate this.
The Sackler's are the family that created the QAnon fan base.  Every single person of my high school class who ended up using hard drugs, then later on oxy, ended up becoming QAnon devotees. When they're in their 30s, a quarter of their friends are dead, the other quarter "Christian," and the last half still using, they have to blame everybody but themselves for their own values that created this addiction problem. (Of course, there were other systemic factors, including the drug peddling that Purdue did by selling a letter to the editor as real research to doctors.)
1.500 people disliking the video. It is pretty safe to assume that John's "commi take on private property and freeduhm" is the reason. So sad to even see a single dislike on this video.
That salles clip is EMBARRASSINGLY horrible.
Instead of hating on the sacklers, focus your attention on their legal representation. Those guys are top-notch. They made sure that the sacklers end up in a beneficial position.  The other thing to note is that the sacklers basically stashed away 10 billion for themselves and put up another 10 billion to pay out the families hit by the opioid crisis.  There is no doubt that 10 billion is NOT all going to those families. Sure the lawyers will get paid off as well. But what you also have to understand is that there are going to be a LOT of elected officials and corrupted people of our criminal justice system who are going to get some of that money. 10 fuckin billion?  And the biggest family payout is 48 thousand or so???? Sure the sacklers are very wealthy. But there is no way that any company would get a deal this SWEET unless they were paying off some very very powerful people. In this case they are paying off quite a few of them.  And they will have money to spare when it's all said and done.  You can do all of the opioid videos that you want and all of the personal family testimonies, but Purdue and the sacklers are riding right into the sunset rich as hell.  Once again the moral of the story is once you get rich, the rules change. This is a capitalistic government and that's the way it's supposed to be when you think about it.
Watched “The Crime of the Century” yesterday on HBO, which does good work on this topic.
The fact that in the American justice system, what justice is dispensed has a perfect linear correlation with how much money you have is absolutely terrifying.
Those who stole,bought stolen  pain medication from people who truly needed it. Your an ass. Thanks for screwing those patients living with chronic issues. What a bunch of P.O.S excuse of a human.
This entire episode is so bleak but at 22:24 you can hear Bing Bong say Fuck
Imagine how the world would look  if people put so much effort in actually helping people instead of putting it in avoiding consequences of destroying people. I mean the efforts of that family to evade the law are impressive.
Yea no shit they are not getting convicted. You're actually expecting a corrupt system to fix a corrupt related problem, it's not gonna happen John, wont ever happen. The system is not going to allow itself or its interests to be held accountable, if it did, the whole thing would come crashing down.
It has probably already been commented here, but the governments that allowed a "NON-CONSENSUAL THIRD PARTY RELEASE" for these murderers should be thrown out of office. "Oh well it will be money now, instead of in 10 years: so sorry for you families that lost a loved one/s and want to make the Sacklers personally responsible, we care about the money now." Think about how many attorneys get big money or a star on their resume for this. The trickle down for people who suffered is pennies.
10 billion for the dot com ? Cheap at twice the fukin price 🤣
Escobar crying from the tomb. His record's have been shattered
5 of my friends died of overdoses last year
Tell the linguist come to my Brooklyn hood they rob beat shoot 🔫linguists and take the money to buy opiates in one of the hardest hit slums of the opioid epidemic p.s f!@%in c$nt
Man stop trying to be funny... Cuz ur not, like not even a lil bit... Like everyone is watching the videos for information, not to hear your shitty jokes that don't even make anyone laugh
HOPE IN LOVE 🙏🙏🙏 Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved.  Saved from the punishment of sin.  I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!!  No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc...  offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ.  We must be willing to turn from sin and to believe the Gospel, Mark 1:15 to receive Jesus forgiveness.  He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 Visual Bible movies on YouTube. Matthew, Acts, Luke, John    💜👑✝️📖nkjv 🧎‍♂️ 🙏🙂🇺🇸
America may have a judicial system - but not a justice one.
Makes “ El Chapo”  look like the good guy. They should cut him a deal. He would be pleased to pay
Blame it on affluenza.
Evil personified: Sackler family.
boom!... linguist fucked with
The only justice would be if every Sackler with any association with Perdue whatso ever became destitute and had to live homeless. But this is just one more perfect example of how the rich always get away with anything they can dream up, regardless of what effect it has one the "masses".
There are still people who serve decades because of cannabis use, meanwhile this rich family is directly responsible for thousands of people dying of drug overdoses and they pay some money which they will make in a year again anyway. They knew that their drugs are highly addictive and could kill people but profits are much more important.  It's really true when they say that rich people are above the law. How do these people live with the knowledge that they are using blood money to live like kings.
Hey Johnny, when are you blowing this second white void and returning to your almost ellen audience?
The Sacklers remind me of the evil side of the Vanger family in Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
I recommend the book. “ Empire of Pain, The Secret History of the Sackler Dynasty”  by Patrick Radden Keefe.
Yes corporation is evil, I get it. Wouldn't this solve itself if people just not do drugs?
10 billion dollars? I half expected him to do a docter evil pose.
I’ve never been a fan of John Oliver but this was a masterpiece. I hope everyone sees this and knows exactly wtf happened to this country
Wow worst animals of the world. Absolutely wretched.
WTF is a wine club?*  * I'm German.
"Our main story tonight concerns a public health crisis that's exposed the failure of American institutions. Not that one. No, not that one either. That's a good point, but not actually this time."  It says a lot about our country that there are multiple answers to the same question.
Didn't think I'd see Lambchop holding an assault rifle in this video.
5:11 that was my actual first day on the new job; 5 hours of driving my bosses car to meet a customer. On top he wanted to talk about politics and musik...
All that I've learned about being born and raised in the U.S. is that the only thing that matters is money. *rolls eyes*
Not gonna watch this, but that singing at the beginning was pretty damn good actually. Not sure why YT keeps recommending this, considering how annoying this British clown is. If you don't know, he's married to a rich WASP Republican brat, I mean 'vet' as he likes to refer to her as. She's as much a veteran as the Queen of England. Oh yea, as far as OxyContin goes, anyone who's ever done it will know that the formula for it was absolutely spectacular. Imagine creating an FDA approved, high-dose time release narcotic, that can be broken down into powder and snorted, injected, or even smoked with ease. All while having a time release mechanism THAT ACTUALLY WORKED to justify the massive doses they were selling. It was absolute genius, drug cartels could only WISH they had a team like that to research and manufacture their drugs.
If they were not ultra-rich, the Sacklers would not be protected by the corrupt judges, etc. If you owned a furniture store, for example, and were liable on the lease, when it failed you would lose everything. They bribed the judges, etc., enough, so they will keep their money and their victims will suffer more.
The nonconsensual third party release is another baloney tactic like fake class actions. As an attorney, I can tell you that a lot of "class actions" are actually brought by crony law firms for firms seeking to prevent lawsuits in which they might be forced to pay billions. By creating a class action, after two years of baloney discovery, they can enter into a "settlement" with their crony law firm (which pretends to represent the class members and which they got some crooked judge to certify as the attorneys for the class) in which the crony law firm gets millions and the class members get the shaft: e.g., they may get tiny sums or occasionally "coupons" to buy the crooked company's goods at a "discount."
That “you make me wanna sell” song was sooo cringe
Thank you John for bringing this to our attention.
A country purposefully made addicted to opium/opiates/opioids... That's something as brit can school you on😂
The answer is communist revolution, stop being cowards.
So sad.. what can we do? I stop going to the doctor. They only have the knife or pills. More peoble die from the medicine than from there deissise. Only way out is healty food . Thank you John for this and all you and your staff do to spread the truth 👌🇩🇰🙏🌍
Am I the only one that went to that website? The domain is up for sale and doesn’t provide any of the information they said would be provided… love John Oliver and last week tonight but we’re they just paying for this domain for a day??
Richard Sackler actually look quite a bit like Richard Kind.
not looking forward to you going back to a live audience. you've been so good without having to pause for laughter. Also I'm including stopping the flow to say the one line, that made everyone laugh or clap, loudly three times in a row in the definition of "pausing"
I think this Sackler family conducting illegal drug dealing should get death sentence.
Linguist here. Can confirm: not even my children are intimidated by me.
My only sibling died from her addiction to oxycodone and the stress it put on her body. They need to be put in prison and made penniless!
You get my like for the billionaires dying in space. You got me this time
When are you going to have a live audience?
dept of justice is a damn joke!
Guillotine.
Sackler Family proves why intergenerational wealth transfers need to be eliminated from the IRS tax code.
In America, when you are so rich, you are literally untouchable.
The key to fixing this is to rally around a _very_ simple demand from the public.  1. Mandatory jail time.  2. Pay double the profit in fines. Starting with executive bonuses/parachutes. i.e. Personal money first.
They should be forced to dig graves by hand until they’ve dug enough to account for all the people they’ve killed. After all, they already put you in the grave, now make them dig it
How did the FDA allow them to market a full opioid agonist as non addictive?
Make a video about the other side! The people who have debilitating conditions that are denied necessary painkillers because of this mess. We're told to just suffer. Then we're criminalized in the doctors eyes when we switch to cannabis. I struggle at times with the people complaining about too many painkillers when I've had days where I crawl from room to room or I can't even get out of bed. But I have to go to work and pay my bills. This whole opioid mess is fucked up.
What is with this guy? You know, when the only time he ever mentions anything that has an Hispanic angle--Taco Bell, Chilli's,  San Antonio's “Daytime with Kimberly & Estebon” it is to demean and degrade it. Oliver, you only have to be racist against one group to be one.
Crazy how there can be multiple felony convictions related to selling drugs and no one goes to jail because its a faceless corporation
You can say she was trying to be a "Cunning Linguist"
John... what a fucking bad ass.
Can't we just shoot them and be done with it?
Angry John is the BEST John.
I feel like John Oliver is somehow the offspring of The Great Gonzo.
2K voted down this video because they’re opioid zombies. And I’ll bet the majority are Republicans.
Greed has rotted their soul.
if anyone wants more information on this, the podcast Behind The Bastards did a couple of episodes about the Sacklers back in 2019 that touches on some of this and much more!
I guess it’s just easier to throw millions of low-level street dealers selling harmless marijuana to buyers who have never and will never die from an overdose of smoking weed than to put a family of murderers in jail.
The entire Justice was hijacked. Attempted murder. Will-full ignorance and arrogance. Lawyers love money and perceived power. Garant vs Norfolk Southern Railroad. After being hired in 2011 and telling the physical doctor that I may have M.S. and after being approved for FMLA in 2015 for possible M.S., then fired in 2017 for possible M.S. and with such a rush, attempted to cancel medical insurance for my family and I a month before they were allowed legally, and expecting I die without medical aid as a result of their actions. What is M.S. and how is M.S. diagnosed, with what certainty, if there is no test, everybody might have M.S.?
The best thing about most pharmaceutical drugs is that they eventually stop working and if you stop taking them, then you’re worse off then when you started.
Who the F is the judge from White Plains, NY? Looks like the loophole is set on purpose for the rich.
Bring back Venture Bros, please!
So my question is...what happened to the doctors who over-prescribed it? The company can push and offer kickbacks all they want but if the doctors don't PRESCRIBE it, no harm, no foul. Correct? So...are these docs locked up? Licenses taken away? The company didn't place the drugs directly in the hands of people, doctors did that. I'm not excusing the company, just pointing the finger where it ALSO belongs.
A lot of people aren't going to like my opinion about this issue but people have the right to believe what they want.  There are so many individuals who got themselves addicted to opioids because they liked the feeling it gave them and it took away the pain. I was prescribed an opioid after major surgery and I took maybe two of the twenty I had been given but my pain lessened to a manageable level that over the counter pain meds were enough. I turned the rest of them back to the pharmacy for proper disposal. If I had chosen to continue to take them because I liked the feeling they gave me and kept asking my doctor for more I would only blame myself, not the company who manufactured it. Put the blame for this crisis in the laps of the addicts where I think it belongs. They just couldn't control themselves and started abusing it.  Now it is very difficult for non-addicts to get medication for serious pain such as after a bad injury or surgery that if you ask about it they look at you like your a drug addict and don't help you!! Unless you have a terminal illness you are left to suffer.
Opioid crisis, Opioid crisis. Little Timmy's grandfather is dying from cancer and in horrible pain. So what does little Timmy do?  Steals his grandpa's drugs to get high. So Instead of punishing little Timmy and his friends, Let's take away drugs from the elderly. Let's punish the sick and dying. Little Timmy won't be looking for other ways to get high will he? Oh, the humanity...
not John Oliver eyeing the latest Patrick Radden Keefe drop like I eye hunks of expensive cheese in the grocery store asl;dfja;slkfa;sdjfk
Why isn't he ever invited to roasts? He would KILL!
You think this is the only drug ever pushed, where "benefits/harms are extremely misleading"??? Just look at the reviews for the Neurostimilators now being touted as the drug free pain relief "miracle"!!! Or how they now push Suboxone which is worse than the narcotic drugs themselves???  It's disgusting what we the consumers are being used as lab rats for. The more you know, the more disgusting it gets!
I’ve been watching John Oliver since The Daily Show With Jon Stewart, and I’ve got to say thanks for all of the knowledge that you and your team provide in such a humorous way. It makes my day to have the ability to make bigots / racist Trump supporters watch, and or listen to you and your team’s views and straight up CRINGE as I watch them try to block out what they are viewing / viewing (having previously watched what ever clip I’m about to show them)  Please never stop educating.
And people wonder why I say we should lynch the entire Sackler family as a public example for the new "cost" of doing business like this. If your company intentionally pushes a product that you KNOW is dangerous, and it kills HUNDREDS OF THOSUANDS OF PEOPLE, while ruining the lives of MILLIONS MORE, you and your loved ones deserve to be strung up from a set of street lamps, in public, for the birds to pick at.
So people got hooked on opioid, constantly demanding for Vicodin OxyContin, eventually result in shooting up black tart Heroine that is somehow entirely the drug maker fault and Everyone else  responsibility but not their family who failed them not the education system, the government but not themselves, the drug addict. Way to teach personal accountability.
After all assets and accounts seized:  Judge: "For crimes against humanity, the court has made the decision to adjudicate you guilty. Bailiffs, please remand the defendant into custody of the Bureau of Prisons."  Max-security prison too not some bullshit federal camp. Even people who murdered haven't caused this much misery
The Slacklers committed crimes against humanity and were let off with fines, rather than life in prison for all of them for their murdering and destruction of human life. Proof once again that the government places the value of money far higher than human life, as is money's speech Citizens United that allowed Pursues lobbyist to sway government into allowing them unfettered corporate access to the public to do irreparable harm.
Whenever a rich fuck says "I don't know" in court, remember that their lawyers told them to say that whenever a true answer would look bad. "I don't know" cannot be proven as a falsehood in court, so it's used as a carte blanche to keep rich assholes safe from incriminating themselves with hard facts.
All good until they catch a bullet..........
I am the only one noticing that John is shrinking in the sui...Or is his suit growing?
well, that's just Capitalism for you
I wonder if @LegalEagle would be willing to do a video on what they think we will see from this debacle.
Oxy cotton did as much damage to my mother as the cancer did . . . Those people should be thrown behind bars
Over two decades ago, I remember my mother, who will be on pain medication for the rest of her life because of a car accident, telling her doctor there was "something wrong" with Oxycontin. Telling him she wanted more than she needed and was seeking it from illegal sources and her doctor *literally* laughing her off. "It's non-habit forming", "That's not what this is", "it's you, not the drug". She changed medications despite his disapproval.
That cover of shout made me cringe so fucking hard
yay for heroin!       (sarcasm^)
the entire sackler family should definitely get eliminated for real those people are forsure the modern day Hitler and nobody can tell me different and I know there is also alot of people that would agree with me on what I said
Let's not leave the VA out of this problem. For years they gave out opioids to vets like it was candy. Then almost overnight cut them off. So the vets turned to the streets to find heroin. Many wound up homeless or living in shelters not fit for a pig. Thanks to all that served and I AM a fellow veteran.
I started writing a documentary about pharma, which turned into a book, and then I never finished it...  been 4 years. Truth is, things change so often, it is impossible to keep up.
Oliver! The Website is already down and up for sale? What is this? I was promised a funny video (EDIT: Im going to try and buy the domain and fix it up the way Oliver has invisioned.)
If there’s one thing that I was ok with in regards to pharma opioids is tht they were controlled in their dosages and quality.  Wht ppl have to take a chance with today because of the pills going away is immediately passing out and respiratory arrest basically immediately after ingestion of the drug.  The pills should never been on the market, that’s not in our control now though.  What is, is what’s allowed to enter the legal and illegal markets here today.  But ppl usually don’t care to much about the deaths of addicts anyway.  I may sound a bit off defending the production of these pills but I do this because the other option is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much worse.
This opioid thing sure is popular. I should try it out.
One connection I think should be made is the loss of credibility of doctors vis a vis making an opioid crisis playing into mistrust relating to covid/vaccines.   Remember that despite everything Purdue did, none of it could have happened without doctors signing their names on the prescriptions.
Owen Benjamin covered the Sackler family several years ago.
This show isn’t funny anymore. Very informative and well researched (and a bit biased) but not as funny as it used to be. Hopefully, they can bring back the live audience soon.
6:32 gold
If the penalty for a felony is a fine, then that felony only exists for the poor. If the individuals directly involved and in control are immune to consequences, then they are free to do anything they wish. It's amazing that money solves everything for them. Money to bribe (or "lobby") judges, witnesses, and whatever else is necessary to get anything wanted. They're monsters who purposefully and intentionally knew what potential harm could have happened, and chose to double down on the pursuit of profit, and it was made overwhelmingly clear that they were keenly aware of the harm that would happen, and were aware there would be lawsuits over that harm, then did everything in their power to prevent that from affecting their money and lives directly. If they get no jail time, and keep their money, then the system has failed the poor and catered for the rich. It will show just another facet of corruption.
The only thing that will really make justice served is nationalization of the company.
I am always surprised that with all the illegal gun violence in America that people like the Ballsackers don't  catch a round of justice.
Remember, companies are people when it comes to being able to bribe congress critters, but when it comes to felonies, suddenly it's the company that's at fault, and not the people fucking running it.  It's about time we just take all the rich, tie cinderblocks to their legs and dump them in the fucking Mariana trench.
America is number one...lol dumb government make dumb people.
Good ol' Liquid Richard.
That guy who belted out the "seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeell!" at the end of the commerical looks like Rush Limbaugh and I absolutely hate it.
Yo Oli ma man....... shhhhh they might get in their minds to F buy HBO. or the entire cable portfolio 😂 good show thou.
Yeah, these PIS companies are guilty of overdosing millions who didn’t have any reason to be prescribed these drugs. Period. Now, thanks to all the new laws, all those who became addicted are now using heroin. Also, all the chronic pain patients are committing suicide because they can get the drugs they legitimately need to achieve a life worth living, because being is chronic pain is life altering at best. So a win-win there. Drug companies have killed many more than just the addicts, they’ve killed those who needed their drugs as well.
Since they ruined my life and I've been taking them for 14 years, can I sue these fucks.
No billions!!
People chose to take it, some for whatever reason get hooked and can't stop, then move on to heroin for example because it was cheaper and easier to get, it's very sad that so many got hooked but with anything in life personal responsibility goes a long way. It seems to be from around 2000 that there was a push for opioids, whereas before rarely they be prescribed
how about you talk about the target of drugs on the black community in the 80's 90's and 2000s
He has balls 🏀 ⚽️!!! Best episodes were these investigative attack to the scurry of opioids!!!
I wonder if that linguist knows that “perdue” is the feminine past participle for “lost” in French.  We’d ask if she could retort her way out of an empty room, mais elle est perdue.
GORRAMMIT, weasel-faced truth-teller, "WE ARE STRONGER BY YOUR BEING HERE!!" You are more an American patriot than I, who only stood up to Nixon while I was trying not to become cannon-fodder for Johnson's war in Vietnam.  I accepted a Navy ROTC scholarship to the University of Oklahoma and discovered over a couple of years that most of my Naval Science classmates were certifiably Section 8.  I wonder about them ... Mr. John Lihach ... Mr. Jay Pullen ... Mr. Carter (BELLINGHAM!) Groh, who held me firm as Color Guard in stiff winds Thanksgiving 1972 ...  My dad actually told me he'd disown me if I went MO ... Marine Option ... because he worked on an operation in Vietnam as (was his wont) the commander of the 6th battalion 56th artillery (coincidentally, the first ever memory of Lt. Warren I have as a kid was picking a fight with my kid brother. I was a pretty nasty person until Trek offered me options. Maybe I still am. But I'm not worth your time or attention.
#FreeLambchop
Richard Kind is one of the funniest men on Earth. Please make sure he is safe from Covid!
All the rich are like this. Money stops justice. Stops fairness. Stops basic morality
It would be great if you could add video link for family members of those who died to upload their messages onto your website. If they dont get a chance to be heard in court, they should get a chance to be heard by the public. And you can provide the deserved public attention for their stories!
I cannot understand how people doing stuff like that are not afraid of physical consequences. I mean 70000 dead people in just 1 year. How many parents, too old to get further childrend, might have lost their only child? Some of them might find back some sense in life. Most of them, however, will be basically walking dead, with nothing left to loose anyways. I am glad that people do not turn violent. Because justice should be served by the Justice system. Self justice is something for failed states and not for civilized democracies. Also, it leads to innocents getting into harms way, which is totally unexcusable. However,  even if i would be a totally associal fuck, creating legions of people with nothing to loose, nothing to live for and me as the only one to hate would seem like a scary perspective. If among those that have lost everything only 1 out of 1000 is a trigger happy morron, they will never be save again. And even with billions you cannot buy the feeling of being safe and able to do what you want. Maybe thats why they are so focused on restoring their image - because their deepest worry is not a legal one.
Why can't the Sacklers be charged with manslaughter or some other form of murder by proxy? Same for some other billionaire mass-murderers who pretend to care about life while hoarding their money behind foundations. The "useless eaters" are at the top of the money hill. The rest of us can grow our own without murder and poison.
I dunno perdue, mom's on the internet are at a threat level rivaled only by kpop fans. Fucking with mom's on the internet is a dangerous game...
Legal white drug dealers. Almost 1 million dead from opioids.
The Sacklers are going to sue you 😂 😂 I’m ready to donate to your defense!
“And talk about what exactly? The weather?!” 😂
"Lamb Chop" wrote an episode of the original Star Trek. fyi. Google it.
To all waiters out there: if you ever have the luck to serve a Sackler, please spit on their food. Thank you.
How much kevlar can you buy for a billion dollars? Just curious.
They should addict the family to the drugs that they claimed were "life-changing"!!
Thank you John Oliver without this man we would be as stupid as hell
I love you John Oliver!
God bless you john Oliver for this...I think our society is about over. Time to revolt.  Do one on Catholic schools now #ExposeChristianSchools
"Let's say...10 fucking billion dollars".  douches.
They’re probably making heroin and selling it out the back door.
What about these doctors that took kick backs? Why arent they in trouble, or doctors in general who prescribed this stuff like it was candy. So much for that oath they took.
I took opioids for six years for severe pain, never did I overdose nor did I sell the pills or say they were stolen. I got tired of jumping through hoops obtaining the pills so I jumped ship on doctors and hospitals. I feel abandoned and can't afford "other" treatments.
My first job out of college was at a major pharmaceutical distributor. It was nothing related to my field but I was happy to have full time work. My role was fulfilling pharmacy and hospital orders for narcotics and controlled substances. Watching the general trend up over the next 3 years for the same locations that ordered daily was shocking. Even just forgetting every other prescription narcotic, the shipments of generic brand oxycodone were insane. Every pharmacy needed it and the few times there were supply issues, we went from shipping mostly bottles to shipping cases. Glad I left that business.
OxyContin was FDA approved. There’s plenty of blame to go around
Imagine if we could make them experience all the suffering they caused.  Evenly split among them, I expect they'd all commit suicide to end it. Post watch edit:  Hol-ley SH!T,  this makes me question my opposition to the death penalty.  It seems to me like justice is executing every Sackler involved and seizing every penny to their name to rehabilitate every surviving victim. (spell check wants me to spell Sackler as Cackler.  How appropriate.)
"What more do you want?" Their collective heads at the foot of a guillotine. We've used capital punishment for far less.
It sure would be a shame if something were to happen to the so carefully selected U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Robert Drain, just less than a week before this upcoming hearing. Tragic really.
I lost two friends to heroin. They started out with OxyContin and moved on when Perdue put the ingredient in that made the pills hard to dissolve in water. The Sacklers should go to the guillotine
The repercussions for the Sacklers were weaker than this video about it.
I'm not even two minutes in and I'm already so horrified I need to pause
I am the daughter of an opioid addict. It got so bad my father was shooting it up. I hope to see this family get exactly what they deserve, hell.
7:50 I hope Vanity fair published some good Will Riker / Rose Tyler fanfic along with that picture.
As a Linguist (or at least someone working on a linguistics degree)  I appreciate the roast
What r we going to do abt? Nothing
Well..walking fossil Opioid Orrin Hatch still shoulders a lot of responsibility for this epidemic..
Attention Leftists and others who now fully trust big government and big pharma: you can't rally against the pharmaceutical industry for pushing unsafe drugs and rally for them and their untested jab at the same time.
No we ruled that companies are ppl and also not ppl depending on how rich you are. Yay go us 😠
I still feel like recycling a topic is missing a chance at bringing awareness to one of the millions of other problems.
The Sacklers are drug dealers; drug pushers, and they should have all their assets seized and face prison time under our current laws.
Two main things:  1.-The reason why they dismiss this case so easily is partly because the culture and government are part of it as well, and they know it; people expect and want justice against these people but the truth is that you can't place all the responsibility on the company of what people do, even if they know it will place people at risk.If you are a person who has ever engaged in a bad habit then you must know that it was not the fault of the t.v or of the chips, of the cigarette but your own.... none of these examples are truly the same as opioids but there always is a factor of self-management and management in general by the people responsible of prescribing these drugs, because often people focus on the aftermath when the origin was obvious from the beginning and chose to ignore it until the results were terrible and so they chose to blame on someone. People need to start looking at the shared responsibility that there is prior to the bad result or the same things will keep on happening and there won't be a sense that it should be otherwise because in the end the indifference remains. 2.-That parody slaps
Whoring instead of truth fair trial aborting the notion of freedom and liberty so greedy hoarder families can stay mentally stunted scamming for financial gain while pumping sewage pollution and addiction . To fucked up for words.
imagine watching a video about a dirty family then deciding to give it a thumbs down for some strange reason
And now these pharmaceutical companies are getting the FDA to ask the WHO to start a worldwide ban on Kratom, which is a safe pain management alternative among other things. The ban failed within the USA so they're going outside the country to protect their painkiller profits.
1.4K downvotes were bought by the Sacklers
It´s the american dream for the Sacklers. Many riches are built on the backs of others. Opioids.. just stop taking them, right.. like that joke comparing it with crack.
Can someone help me?  Is "sniper" spelt with two "p's" or one "p"?
Do corporate layers have souls?
You are a GOD, my love!  A GOD!
Fighting the opioid crisis was another one of 45s b.s. proposals
John the fucking Boss Oliver. Awareness is the frist step to betterment, thank you for spreading awareness LWT.
Chronic pain sufferers are being punished too. Some desperately need the medication to live and to prevent suicide. But because of the opioid crisis they are being grouped together with those who are addicted.
I Love you John ❤️
Street dealers are charged with some sort of murder or manslaughter all the time for ODs. Money makes such a difference. That being said I’d kill for an OxyContin. Or a hydro. I guess I’d settled for a sub or methadone but only as a last resort
Attacking one angle, forgets how large the problem of addiction is. How much money does any one company dealing in alcohol (THE gateway drug) make? Who is suing them? Glad to see an approach to the subject, but it is way bigger than this. No beds for detox, no services in rural places for less than a 3hr or longer drive, and shaming of persons even to admit they have an issue. I hope it changes; by a new difference in policy, legality, and amongst society. Addiction requires more mistakes, than any one business can provide those under it's strong hold, to commit.
old news john here is real news https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlh_6Qp13mQ&ab_channel=Timcast
I guess,  but they didn't force people to become Junkies,  take some responsibility
You can never convince me John Oliver isn’t a hero ❤️
<3
And all the while real chronic pain patients lose access to these necessary medications as an unintended and forgotten group of victims of this whole mess 🙃
"ten billion dollars"  Nice.
That cover of Shout makes me want to flip a table.
SYSTEM IS FU@KED
Ah yes, youtube-approved comedy news
TL;DW:  Prohibition doesn't treat addiction.  Prohibition treats incumbents.
Brilliant!
The whole point of corporations is to shield individuals from liability. What is crazy is corporations can create corporations to skirt regulations and taxes.
How dare you come at Chili's! Its like those baby backs have opiods in th.... nvm
Rich people don't ever face consequences. The Sacklers will get off scot free for contributing to thousands of peoples' deaths, meanwhile there are people in prison for years for possessing weed.
So murdering an entire generation is just 4 billions dollars nowadays. In nine years payment.  Nice to know there is a value on how much human life and humanity is worth.
The Sackler family with their drug empire is as evil as Pablo Escobar was with his drug cartel. The only difference is the lawyers and legal loopholes
All Drug-Dealers watching this must feel like.....dilletants, scum, idiots, wannabes......
9:40 - 10:17 this part of the video on its own pisses me off so much, don't rope all linguists in with a shitty one. English majors that took extra steps? Do you mean English majors that learned about acoustic neuroscience, sociology, early childhood education etc etc? English majors who actually LEARNED in uni? SLP's are a HUGE need in society and they're part of Linguistics. What an ignorant and hateful statement about an entire field. I know as many Linguists that are active in BLM and racial equality activists as I do PoliSci and Sociology majors/degree holders. Studying AAVE and sociolinguistics has educated me more about the black community and racial inequality than any other class I've taken (though I'm sure sociology classes would do the same). Linguistics is vital to education, tech, and AI. Why do you think Siri can understand you?  I get you wanted a jab at her but dude there's so much more to get her about, leave the rest of us out of it.
What more do you want? A good hand full of life inprisonments, complete seizure of that handy list of companies and trusts they provided .. and thats just the stuff that can be mentioned.
Opioid increases the past few decades....I wonder what happened to make this increase possible? 🤔🤔🤔  Anyone remember the United Shates going to Afghanistan? What's the prominent crop in Afghanistan? 🤔🤔🤔  OPIUM!!!
I want "I don't know" set to music.  Make it an EDM dance track or something. lol
This is Spotlight.  So important.  Rich people are such demons.  The law is being raped day after day.
Seriously, did this suprise anyone? Some of the most addictive drugs on earth and they were giving kickbacks to doctors? no...never in america....lol
And this is just one of many examples to never trust pharma, the gov’t, and the Covid vaccine
Is the void’s voice actor archer?
Well, it's arguable if this world is better than opioid overdose. Used to be, but now ... arguable.
How much should the corporate shielded drug pushers keep?  They should keep the equivalent of a monthly social security benefit, public health benefit and a trailer in a park somewhere. Like regular people caught slinging dope,  they get to enjoy asset forfeitures.  They and others the traditionally hide behind their corporations should know what it's like to be a real person, surviving in this really rotten system. Maybe then our system would change for the better and actually protect regular people instead of just helping the rich get richer at everyone else's is expense.
These are some of the more fun episodes, its fun to unite against universal evil
I can only imagine what kind of troglodyte turd would dislike this video.
You, Mr. Oliver, are priceless!
The tough loan topologically juggle because keyboard nationally squeeze with a  fascinated nut. languid, evasive panty
When the government doesn't deliver justice, justice will find a way.
It would be interesting to see how many Hunter Biden works of art are in the Purdue-Slacker family collection. I am sure they could arrange for private viewings in NYC.
Before everyone gets their knickers in a twist, you should know that the Sackler's company is only one of several providing oxycodone, that oxycodone is completely legal under prescription, and also that oxycodone is far from being the worst contributor to the opioid epidemic (that would be fentanyl). Not that I carry any brief for the Sacklers--far from it-- but just in case anyone has forgotten their high school lessons on critical thinking, or never received them in the first place.
Contract: "...from the beginning of time." Don't forget to add "...throughout the universe."
@LastWeekTonight - make this segment into an NFT and lock it with blockchain so it's forever documented and replayed for generations to come.
Shari Lewis: "Excuse me, but I didn't threaten the president. Lambchop did! How dare you!" Judge:
Another excellent episode, yall. really always eye opening to me!   I love how John calls his Company Overlords Business Daddy.  As a Florida resident that hates our own governor, I'd like to propose we start calling him Dumbass Daddy DeSantis.   Toss it around and let me know.  But yeah I already told it to everyone I know here, so...
Until these billionaires who benefited from these opioids go to jail... Fines are a bit of a slap on victims' faces. Money is great, real justice is better. If you are a regular murderer, you don't get to pay a fine and go on killing... But you are rich, you just pay some fine and keep living their wealthy lifestyle and keep on killing.
I don’t understand why the federal government gets $8,000,000,000 but, I don’t think that money is going to the families of those who dies from OxyContin or those still alive who’ve spent time in jail.
God damn this world is depressing. Thank you for such a well researched and put together piece though, LWT team. Also for anyone reading this, you're a beautiful and I hope you're doing well.
This is so disgusting. To punish such behaviour you need to be absolute sure that any profit that was earned due to this misbehaviour is fined + the amount of the punishment. It doesnt make any sense if you break the law and get a netto benefit out of it after being punished
Please don't hesitate to make an Opioids IV in the future.
I wanted to comment in the russian's(ROC) Olympics video, so since I'm not able to find the video guess I do it here instead. Hey John you should check out the American F1 race team, team Haas. They are the only American race team with a russian flag well not so much a flag on the car , more like the uniforms worn by the ROC, painted on the car.
Who else read the title as 'the slackers?' lol
I love how thanks to some of the people writing for the show, John Oliver has sort of become part of breadtube
Why is it prescribed then?  This culture is so interesting to me.
"My four-year-old came home from nursery school and asked Why are my friends telling me that our family´s work is killing people?" And then everybody clapped...
Are they fucking seriously doing that song.
So we have Mexican drug cartels but America doesn't...The Sacklers ARE A  FKN CARTEL!!!...Ahhh but this is okay because they are American....smh
John is becoming more based by the day
Honestly, it should be a crime (gross negligence perhaps?) to respond "I don't know" when asked fairly basic and straightforward questions about the financial operations of your company.   "How much money has [Purdue] made off the sale of Oxycontin?" "I don't know." "Check your sales records. Someone in your company knows or has records. That should be you."
Yup. The Shitlers get to do permanent damage to the country and get to walk away.   I expected that from the beginning.
I want that pesto chicken recipe though
While I do hate what this family has done and how shamelessly they have been exploiting people for profit, I do need to say that pieces like this that don’t point out that some people need these opioids to deal with issues such as chronic pain. It makes it that much harder for people like my wife to get the medication that she needs prescribed by her doctors, and then approved by insurance and released by the pharmacist. It’s a battle every month and it should be noted that the issue isn’t opioids, but the profit-hungry corporations looking to bleed dry those who do benefit from opioids. It might not be for everyone, but it’s insanely hard to get these meds for those who do need them. Without this distinction, it just exacerbates the stigma of opioid users, which punishes someone for taking necessary medications. Maybe do a piece about how difficult it is to get insurance to approve opioids, or maybe how pharmacies decide whether or not to fill the prescriptions a doctor makes, based on their own discretions.
This goof doesn't understand what he actually revealed with that twin towers talk. You're programmed.
Using the laws of incorporation to protect the guilty while making sure they wind up with the money with impunity. Corporate laws need to be seriously amended.
Yfel ???
So if I'm poor, ai can't even have Marijuana but if I'm rich, I can heavily push and market deadly opioids?? FREEDOM!!!!
Thank you for all you do Mr.Oliver  I lost a friend to heroin about 10 years ago.He started with Vicotin but he eventually got hooked on Oxi.Then when he couldn't get that he went to heroin.I sure wish the legal system would punish corporate drug dealers as bad as they do street level ones.
ETR! "EAT THE RICH"
this angers me
They put us (people of color mostly and non elites) in jail for marijuana but let the real pos drug dealers get away with no personal charges and a fine they can EASILY AFFORD
And why are the Sacklers not in prison?
How does this get disliked?
To John Oliver and the research/production staff of Last Week Tonight: thank you for your opioid segments. I am on the board for a local recovery club (Oasis Community Recovery Club, Shamokin, PA) and your informative segments are the hope we cling to that the public can see this particular pandemic as a social and health crisis where there needs to be meaningful responsibility taken for the destruction of a generation. Sorry to be so heavy in a YouTube comment, but I’m truly thankful!
Capitalism working as intended right there
well if a claim derives from before the beginning of time its all good.
The Sacklers may escape justice, but what's stopping a mob of people from dragging these pricks out of their homes and beating them to death in the middle of the street?  Just a thought, I'm not doing this, I'm a peaceful man.
The idea of pointing out a whole family and not individuals and their personal contributions is something that violates the fundamental  principle of justice. This comment is not trying to downplay the horrible things that some members of that family have done, it is only asking to judge based on individual contributions. I recognize that within the show there attempts to do so, but the title, certain parts of the show and the description aren't
You are a treasure.
How... in a story about SACKLERS and a LINGUIST...did your writers not make a single connection to the Sackville-Baggins?? I demand a recount!
As someone with chronic pain (fibromyalgia), I have been following this closely. What has happened is that people who have no other treatment available to them are treated like junkies because they have been hooked on these highly addictive medications, with no other recourse. I'm on a controlled substance (gabupetin),  and I get the side eye for taking that! The whole health system is based in patients throwing money at bandaids instead of cures.
Love the .com address & contents! Small comfort but a nice touch.
The sacklers are doing arrested development in real life. And somehow reality is more fucked up than a netflix show.
Great researchers on this show
I love that price tag in the end. Burrrn :D
Richard sackler looks like the villain who would tie mickey mouse to the train tracks
The states now abandoning their opposition to the deal are Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin. The states opposed are California, Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Oregon, Rhode Island, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Washington.
How to get away with murder: be rich, the end...
surprise! the USA is a pay2win country
Opioid round 3, but not a word about BIDEN'S border crisis.  John you're a HACK!!
Put the Sacklers in jail. Or at the very least publish their personal address for interview purposes…
They're keeping blood money. Living off our loved ones addictions. Then they die. On to the next.
It is really interesting how one week we should support big pharma with everything we have (especially our bodies which are great for all sorts of experiments) and then the following week, we have a small issue with some of the players within the industry. If I was John Oliver I would insist on making a special about last week tonight, so we can see how consistent this program is in their "critical" analysis. Here's something interesting for people considering getting vaxx'd. This is a story about Johnson & Johnson, they have made a covid vaxx that is banned in many countries, not banned in the US though, and they can't even make talcum powder without causing cancer. Happy reading  https://www.nytimes.com/2020/06/23/health/baby-powder-cancer.html
That family is a group of vampires. Gross.
Working towards a better deal would be good and the release is dumb as the Sackler's should not be able to keep so much of their wealth. That said, as far as victims and their families being heard is something I would expect to be accomplished as part of the settlement (through a non-profit or other org) to record and document all of their stories and present in documentary and other formats instead of in court where you have to pay lawyers, burn possible settlement money, and use valuable court time in an already overstrained justice system.
I don't understand why people get that medication or why they get addicted, but wouldn't be the same to blame all alcohol makers for alcoholism? Tobacco makers for smokers? Or casinos for broke people? They should judge those too.
Genius! I love the .com page
Who are the 1.4 thousand folks that are hitting the don't like button? (FOS- Friends of Sack?) The opioid crisis in the USA has hit and is still hitting virtually every family regardless of wealth, color, religion, creed or sex - the Sacklers should be lined up and kicked in the "sack" (or general groinal area) by every single family who has lost someone because of their product and their aggressive and duplicitous marketing of that product. Once that's done, then they can keep their money IMO. Thank you J.O. and the writers at LWT for telling the Truth!
The .info still comes before the .com if you google "judge for yourselves"
Press F to (not) pay respect...or anything...
John, greetings from India!  So, I was just recommended this video and gave it a good pass as I've done ever since your shoot these from your home.  Without an audience you are trying so damn hard to make us laugh that it's gone beyond comedy now - close to a big yawn to say the least.  Earlier, you're content was more about the world with really good comedy and research to say the least. Nowadays your videos are so US centric, that for international viewers it's a big damn bore.   Every country has got it's problems - so don't be lazy and pick your own just because it's closest to you!   Get off your ass, gather your team, gather some studio audience and make something viewers want to watch (the first recommendation on the YouTube homepage). The recent 'Housing Discrimination' vs the old 'Dalai Lama' episodes. Man! You seriously are on a roll - downhill that is.  I would love nothing more than to see those 10M+ views soon.   P.S. The above is applicable for Hasan Minhaj too.
As someone who started a heroin addiction with various opiates in the mid to late 2000s, this is pointless. Purdue and the Sacklers have been the scapegoat for a while now, why not actually do something about it now? Hell, much of it is at an individual level anyway. They didn't get me or anyone on dope, just provided some of it - and even then, most of it was various generic meds and Mexican heroin, especially later on. Its a needless distraction, just provide service to help get people sober or keep them alive long enough so they decide toget sober.
just checked the website ... hahahaha
While the whole thing is absurd, even by USA standards (which are so low, you probably need an atomic microscope to find them), where's the blame on the doctors again?  Ultimately they prescribed it freely with no consequence? You can manufacture bullets and you're at fault, somewhat, for the bullet killing some one, but are we gonna ignore the man who shoots?  Wtf where the acountability for the doctors prescribing this? This type of substance is a controlled one...  Not to mention countless studies devalue it as a pain killer due to its addictive nature, even more reason for doctors to be accountable for it.  Unless the whole thing has fake paid studies behind it, which then begs the question HOW were those allowed to exist?   There's more nuance to the issue, but I think we're skipping a few culpable parties in the whole ordeal, everyone should be accountable, and no this is not the same as blame shifting, I am specifically saying this needs more looked into it because the company/family are not the only ones that need to face charges.
So, let me get this straight: hundreds of thousands of people jailed for "intent to sale" small quantities of marijuana and the Shackler's and their conspirators kill hundreds  of thousands with Oxy and no one goes to jail. America, you're disturbed. WACK.
We Communists have called this "class justice" for over a century.
The gorgeous broccoli morphometrically alert because skate emotionally number within a nondescript reminder. unbecoming, flawless trowel
The system works for the rich
Once again I hope you make an Indian version of this show ......there is like a million things to talk about here
As an attorney dealing with the criminal justice system for the past 10 years I have witnessed first hand the devastation that these opioids have done to families and our society.  Yes, the pills are that addictive.  There is a lost generation of individuals who are completely hopeless and it has bled over to the next generation.  Its so common and heartbreaking to see grandparents in poor health being full time care takers for their grandchildren.  This is not to mention seeing how it has negatively impacted these little ones and the next gen.     It's sickening to see those responsible escape accountability.
There is a competing site defending the Sacklerofs**t family….judge for yourselves.info. These people suck.
Next time I see people shooting drugs up on the trains in the park I'll be reminded of the Sacklers
How many people are in prison today for having sold marijuana, a far less damaging or lethal substance than what the Sacklers pushed and sold? Ju$tice?
#sackler
Hmmm...how can we get the Sacklers to taste their own product? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔⚰⚰⚰
Corrupt leaders and a mentally ill public. Was nice knowing you, USA.
Wtf
John Oliver beat NPR by 12 hours in reporting on this.
To me there's one glaring issue here which is not discussed and just as if not more repsonsible for the opioid crisis. Why are the doctors prescribing it not mentioned? Dont' they have a responsibillity? If they're more interrested in making money instead of healing people and keeping them healthy there's a huge responsibillty there, if not liabillity.  I'm seriously baffled that a company pushing it's product is seen as the issue here. Don't US people know there's no such thing as non addictive opioids? It is weird to see all this blame shifting going on. Ot can you just get opioids at the supermarket in the US which would tell me there's a bigger issue in the US?
Oliver and his team doin' the fucking lord's work every week. This is why I'm an atheist... Or perhaps, John Oliver is just god trying to do right.
Figures' they would basically be off the hook like so many other people in bad corporations... I'm hoping that changes one day to hold people like them accountable.
Why is Richard kind so goddamned funny?
Looking at this? Pablo Escobar would be jalous.
How 4 yrs olds talk... 🤣🤣🤣
I am a linguist and I approve of this video
What's so sad is in this country if you are that rich you can do whatever you want. And then there is that poor guy that is in prison for a pound of weed! My grandson's biological father Overdosed from  Oxycontin. So f the  Sacklers!  Actually we've known quite a few families that have been affected by this family's drugs.
Just when you think you couldn't possibly love John Oliver any more ...
This whole story sounds like an episode of Arrested Development
Old rich white people win again!  ftw...
I have been receiving treatment for anal cancer and I almost have to beg for pain relief because the doctors say they don't want me to become dependent on opioids.  I bet if the Sacklers were still offering kick backs I would have all the pain relief I could handle  !
Sad to see 1400 Sackler family simps and Perdue sales rep came here to downvote the truth.
Man
No one makes you pull the trigger of a gun... No one makes you gamble away your rent money... No one makes you take drugs... It's all on you....wanker!!!
Look opioids are never going away BUT we do not need super addicting synthetic ones. Fentynal is only popular cause its easy to make and strong. If we had treatment and natural less addicting alternatives less would die. The stigma makes ppl hide and o.d.
The term "eat the rich" was practically invented for this family
Of course this is happenning, that's why it is call capitalism, not workerlism, not farmerlism, capital own the fucking country.
Not native English speaker mood: I always thought that Oxycoton is some kind of cotton candy, and the only time I heard it before was in a Smosh try not to laugh bit
So basically the only healthcare we have in America is easy access to addictive drugs. I just love market forces!
Not sure how any of this helped. I guess it helped inform some people that were ignorant of this.  Not like anything is going to happen.  The family is going to enjoy life and the company is going to continue to exist.
We want their heads on spikes mounted outside of city walls, their corpses mutilated, and their wealth seized and given back to their victims.
I love John Oliver so fucking much. R.I.p. John stewart
This is why billionaires should not exist
How true
Mr Oliver and your amazing team, thank you. ❤️
These people are EVIL. Just goes to show ... the law is there to protect the rich.
Sorry, but Hitler jokes aren't funny. That's not something to joke about
These people are the worst.It is a shame as a nurse I see that these meds are necessary in hospital and other medical settings,they work when used as they are ordered.
The marvelous fold extraorally cover because knife radiographically practise into a tightfisted harbor. direful, cruel danger
Ah shit, here we go again
The sacklers just had to say ...NO!!!
Non-consensual Third-party Release sounds oddly... sexual.
1.4k viewers are complete idiots...
John Oliver at his best. These are despicable human beings who are responsible for a death total of Americans in the same range as our current pandemic, hiding behind a phalanx of lawyers & "protect-the-rich" legislation, without a sniff of justice for their wrongdoings. These are the people lobbying our politicians, funding their re-election efforts So that they can avoid responsibility for criminal behavior. Yet another example of how the scales in our country are so dramatically tilted in the favor of the uber-wealthy.
as a linguist, thanks John.
So is the opioid crisis just the new term for the war on drugs?
It's insane ...  they'd be in jail in any other country, but in the USA they can buy their way out of it while random kids get locked up for selling tiny amounts of weed
*Actually Arthur Sackler had no choice in his estate.* After his death, his brothers convinced inheritants to sell their shares into a dummy subsidiary so they could collect. His money was used without his direct consent to add to the investment profile of their company that would produce opioids immediately succeeding him.
"who doesn't get the .com?"   people who understand the actual purpose and intent of Top Level Domain (TLD) names.   The “com” in the .com domain name is for “commercial” sites, meaning business websites or websites that want to make money online. The .org is intended for use by nonprofit organizations.  The .net was designed for the internet, networking, and email service providers. And .info is meant for - you guessed it - websites or services providing 'information'.    So while the Sacklers  *are*  scum of the earth, their IT people still made the right choice in Top Level Domains.  Just be thankful they didn't use .club or .bargains, recent additions to the TLD list.  :P
I love you John. Thank you for continuing to spit in these cunts eyes using your platform.
Time to revoke some of these corporate charters. They're out of control.
Rich Capitalists exploiting the system to enhance and protect their own wealth at the expense of other people?  That is just crazy talk....  ** rolls eyes **  Seriously guys? This sort of thing has been going on for decades and will only grow in magnitude and frequency until it is cut out root and stem. Love of Money folks.... the Love of Money.   Until we take the dire steps to stop it, it will just continue and the moment you relax about it, it will come back.
Humans just aren't going to make it in the long run when filthy, empty souls such as the Sacklers are so lost in temporal riches.  They won't be able to take any of the 'pretend wealth' to the grave, but unfortunately, most of society rewards corrupt corporations, narcissism, greed, and doing harm to the innocent. The Sacklers are just one minor example in a sea of millions.  Good luck, 'humanity'. You're going to need it. 😕
Rich people never had to face consequences for anything in white people so called democratic country That's how courts and laws are made
Man. It's been said many times, but this show's lawyers must be working overtime!
I played for Shari Lewis.
What a twisted family, atleast they are not liked, will be hated forever, and will never be forgiven, nor forgotten, fuck the sacklers ,...some justice
People gotta read Katharina Pistor's 'The Code of Capital'. In short, the book shows how the legal systems protects rich people's wealth from creditors. V good read!
As one of the poisoned from a pre-teen age, these people are evil. They prescribe opioids for conditions that opioids only make worse. My family trusted doctors when doctors weren’t trained in this company’s products. Seriously disabilities that actually have cures are made worse by addictive palliatives.
Sackler family trying to play the "Cartman/J-Lo" Defense
Keep no billions. Fine them a multiple of what they’ve gained from their crime.
Thank you John Oliver. Oxycontin destroyed my life in the 2000's, but in 2010, I made it to the other side..otherwise known as a 6%'er. Thats right, 94% of those who took the drug longer than a month straight will NEVER make it to the other side, and the other two options are jail, and death.
Yet another reason why we need to get money out of politics
7:00 The woman is almost literally quoting Alcopon! In the book how to win friends and influence people in the first chapter Dale Carnegie talks about how foul people see themselves like such good people. She almost verbatim (I'll check later) quoted the notorious Chicago gangsters death letter "I dont know what I could have done different knowing what I knew then" Fact check this. Do it.
People are responsible for what they put in their own bodies.
You’re an awesome person JO!
I feel good knowing that God will judge these people
Gotta love Richard Kind!😂
Where tf was these white people when crack hit???
More than 841,000 people have died since 1999 in the U.S. due to opioid overdose, this includes heroin and people who did not become addicted due to opioid medications, I don't think it is even quantifiable to find out what percentage of this number is due to opioid prescriptions... but the fact that Donald Trump, Republicans in general, and anti vaxxers very nearly killed more people than the pharma companies who pushed opioids on to millions of Americans is actually kind of astounding especially when you consider that the 841,000 was actually over 22 years...
EAT THE RICH
IM CRAZY FOR J OLIVER!!!!!! LINGUIST FUKED WITH😆
Light Yagami went after the wrong criminals.
John is a very cunning linguist.
Don't take addictive medication and then pretend you didn't know better. What bs.
My family is lucky to have a natural aversion to opioids — we feel nauseous with even minor doses and avoid at all costs — with how many surgeries my mother and sister had to go through. Morphine to us is hours of nausea and nothing more, but there are far more that aren’t so lucky. Eat the rich.
Having not seen the video, I’m going to guess that the cartels who are currently supplying the US with most of the fentanyl (the drug responsible for most of the accidental overdoses I’m the US) found on the streets today won’t even get a mention because that would involve calling out brown people.
I must be a weird person. Opioid painkillers never did anything for me when I was prescribed them.
I'm no Linguist but, I know that a "double negative" creates a positive. Eg: "There ain't no cookies in that jar".  Irrespective of what individuals who regard a double negative, as a negative, think, this indeed means there are cookies in that jar.  Usage in any other form is in fact grammatically incorrect and therefore makes the speaker appear more academically defunct than their improper use of syntax initially suggests.  Yes, I'm not invited to parties. 😕  (^See what I did there?)
John Oliver makes me so happy.
I just find it funny ...... America gave my homeboy 15 years for some marijuana ... And they gave this family 11 billion  and a lifetime get out of jail free card..... smh .... What happened to the "war on drugs" or was it really just a "war on black people" .... I'll wait.
Nut...Sacklers... that is all.
I mean, why don’t we go kill them? Seems like real justice to me.
Thank you for making the world a better place.
There are people who sold weed out of desperation to pay their rent in prison for life right now, and meanwhile these wastes of good air will probably get off scot free, and if that doesn't make your blood just boil then I dunno man.
Why are you selling it for 10 billion when sacklers are worth 11 billion?
HOW Many Congressmen/women and Senators are supporting their demand AND what are they named?
Guess what else started & grew during those years? Homelessness. Many homeless populations are addicted, and possibly homeless for that reason. The lawyers should have sued (unless the jurisdiction precludes that as well) punitive damages since the Sacklers intentionally pushed addiction. The plaintiffs should withdraw from the suit and file in a venue more favorable to THEIR case! Sacklers should be sued individually for causing and adding to homelessness all over the country.  Sacklers should be relieved of more from that $11 B.Thank you for setting up the website too!
.......Trump vs The illuminati, how is this a movie?
Wow, John Oliver this show continues to impress the hell out of me! You guys are fucking awesome!
Sounds like they are preventing being charged under R.I.C.O. statutues
There should be a reverse Hunger Games where the world's worst wealthiest families (Sacklers, Waltons, Kochs, Trumps, etc) are made to fight to the death.
Insanity
SHAME on Hulu and their new series "Dopesick". Greed knows no boundaries.
Money from trials will go to cities, government and big hospitals and the people that should be getting the help with those funds won't go to the people that need it to get help with their addictions
Kentucky has the highest Opioid OD's in the nation!
website checks out
This makes me so f-ing angry.
why is everyone so upset? it's not like a company killed half a million people by intentionally getting doctors to overprescribe an addictive drug to create a drug epidemic just for profit and the family who created it is keeping 5 billion bucks of it.  o wait
Doctors knew what they described. People knew what they took.
More people OD now because of fentanyl, which wasn’t an issue before nobody had access to the medications that they need. Just another failed war on drugs.
Corporations exist to shield the people who run it from any and all legal accountability for their actions.
While this is an issue it does not paint a true light on the true issue which is the heroine epidemic. I understand wanting to go after big pharma, but chase the true issue, not the issue of 2010-2012. Talk about or solve the 2021 issue you soft journalists.
The opoid epidemic is a clear evidence the damages of what a "free market Capitalism" can do to a society. Capitalism with lax regulations kills.
John darling. I cannot manage to say how much I LOVE YOU!!!
Why you have to bring lambchop and Shari Lewis into it man??!!
Hey! I like Chili's! x'D
Richard Kind is always so great.
Jail time for the Sackler family and the board room of Purdue for crimes against health and humanity. That states and the nation have this hard of a time to expell and call to justice big wealth is the biggest threat to society. Governments should start a revolution against wealth to take back control. Their own systems are failing to do what they're intended to do, wich is manage and protect society as a whole but can't because the system favors a handful of rich people.
"Well, the Sacklers are paying so much already: what more do you want?" Their freedom. I want them alone in a cage until they rot.
@johnoliver, Please do that "$10 billion dollars" but do a Dr. Evil impression from Austin Powers!!
Well, we all know where they're going...straight to h--l.
So, they basically did what El Chapo was doing, but legally.
They should pay each family affected: funeral, hospital rehab, and court expenses hearinga and for all the times their love ones get in trouble with police with at least 20% interest on top. Those mofo rich a holes are the scums of the earth.
We've done absolute nothing about illicit use and only denied patients a med that is both safe and effective if used in 5-10mg doses/15-30mg doses
The Punisher needs to pay the Sacklers a visit.
No question about - these repukes deserve to rot in jail for the rest of their lives and then burn in hell for eternity but our for-greed hellcare genocidal system morons "think" is "the best in the world" made this possible.
I’ve been treating addiction and passing out narcan for 3 years. It’s one job I wish would become obsolete because it no longer was necessary, but alas…still employed.
So the drug dealer is responsible for the drug user using and dying? Got it.
Isn't the point of a corporation to separate and shield the individuals from legal liability?
I also have a Ph.D. in linguistics. The fact that Joss Sackler does is as good a piece of evidence as any that education does not always make people become good human beings.
David Sickler is a richer more @ssholder version of Jared kushner.
Anything short of life in prison is unacceptable for these scumbags.
I love you John Oliver. Keep it up.
Lol justice?! Hahahaha that's never been on the menu
SIns of the Father - Now - the grandchildren from the Sackler family are catching heat because of what they’re parents and grandparents did off the backs of a bunch of people who died do to how they marketed their opioids - Put slavery in the same context. If the Saccular family should give up their wealth why isn’t reparations for AA the same exact thing?   To further drive the point home let's discuss the end of Sicario (The dinner scene). Was that justifiable? If I lost my family due to your actions, why should you get to enjoy your family?   America loves generational wealth, but it does not believe in generational debt. (Marinate on that)
Corporations are people who can spend money and affect elections but cannot go to jail.
The sad truth is they're going to get away with it just because they're good at doing paperwork and "it would be kind of weird if we arrested a rich person"
Thank you! Sooo dang informative
john "moving on" oliver
Sure hold them responsible but what about the FDA for approving this drug? What about the doctors that were pushing it? We need to hold more people responsible than just this family.
So sick of this opioid crap. Cover the crisis on cosmology or something.
Fantastic performance by Richard Kind--I mean, Richard Sackler 😆
This was brilliant. Jon managed to rip on his boss without any possible repercussions? But really, thanks for calling out the Sackles scum
Imagine LasWeekTonight financial department getting a 10 billion dollars check: . - Ok people, we are finally doing a show like John has been asking for years... from the Moon.!
capitalism is bad
How about doing a program on patients not able to get pain meds while IN THE HOSPITAL!
meh, 8 minutes in I realize I dont care. just typical billionaire things, this shit happens everywhere all the time
He means I don’t care
Good luck trying to get a pain pill now days. No thanks to people like John Oliver either. They've gone too far.
Is he wearing the same exact glasses as Kathe Sackler in her "apology" video? :D
Mm, pesto.
lol what a shitty country, it is really the wild wild west.
John Grisham novels just write themselves…
I would love to see you guys help amplify Toby Morton’s work. Most recently, he bought https://www.thelaurenboebert.com/blog
John can we start a petition to start calling them the ball sacklers?
I may not agree a few  of John's pieces, at least he does the research. And every time I have broken a bone since the first time I have been offered oxycodone and it counter part's even though they don't work for me.
Can we start a go fund me? Take the proceeds, create a corporation (founded in white plains just for s&g’s) then use said corporation to hire hitmen to hunt anyone with the last name sackler.
Didn't you complain that black people were less likely to be prescribed opioids?
The Sacklers own the company.  They did not come to your house and opioids down your throat.  YOU gobbled up the pills YOURSELF.
It never seizes to surprise me how much these disgusting rich people just LOOK evil. You can tell they have ulterior motives just by looking at them.
eat the sacklers
Where’s Jack Reed when you need him?  Dead and buried in Moscow?   Alright, I’m off to Red Square with a shovel and a book of necromancy.
The Sacklers are drug kingpins running one of the largest drug cartels in the world.  Nothing you can do will change my mind.
go one step further and let those family members affected record videos of what they want to say and put them up instead of just in print.
Woah bro I get you're mad at the sacklers, bud don't bring white plains into this shit
sacklers are killers
White Plains' official slogan: we're only 30 mins from midtown!
John Oliver, you are INDEED a national treasure!  Whoever the downtrodden merchants of Europe, that designed this “from rags to riches” republic were, you indeed set yourselves up for eternity against the toiling working class. Amerika! A Republic for the Taking by the Wealthy! 😤
Definitely John is a TV hero
I'm worried that John is going to "disappear" after this aired
1997? Really. Give me a break.
I hope that HBO makes the domain worth $10 bn.
Thank you @lastweektonight! <3
Hey... do you think one of those thumbs down is Jim Clyburn?
DAMN. You did it again, you never miss
if u needed it and were denied it you may have a slightly different opinion how about an episode about how much there abuse is hurting people who need it?
I sure wish we had this type of energy with the crack epidemic hit back in the 1980’s.
David Sackler... "My four-year-old came home from nursery school & asked, ‘Why are my friends telling me that our family’s work is killing people?"  This didn't happen so much it unhappened things that had.
Guillotine, I tell you
Smart criminals operate inside the law
The best ruling would be to force everyone in the Sackler family to take their medicine every damn day so they become addicted and lose everything they have in the same way all of their victims did. True justice.
Where are the doctors in all this ?.
Sacklers Cartel
OMG the Lambchop reference. fucking gold
The writers on this show are a joke
Surely not rich people getting away with murder?! 😱🙄👀  Who would have thunk it?! 👀 Yes ok, all put your hands down
What the people want is blood!
May the Sackler’s ALL burn in hell….
In light of the climate crisis maybe they are just being Thanos.
Vaush is so biased and you can just see him seething everytime he talks about destiny. He needs to get over himself its pretty fucking sad at this point. Also hes literally attacking himself with his insults since most of them dont even apply to destiny. chronically online because its easy to tweet while streaming. I guarantee destiny lives a much fuller life then vaush and thinks of vaush less but vaush cant get over himself but his fans cant see it.
That space cowboy shade though damn john lol
Maybe someone will send them a 10k$ singing telegram from their settlement money. If only...
I love your journalism, you have exposed so many things, Keep up the great work.
Boomsauce
My sister died alone in her room after an overdose of Fentanyl. She laid there two days before they found her body. I sincerely hope the Sackler Family and Purdue rot in hell! People have known about the addictive traits of opiates for centuries, yet they claimed oxycontin was not addictive?!
John Oliver is a hack
It almost seems like the government allowing corporations to be treated as individuals was a bad thing, and let's not forget that that decision was made using the 14th ammendment as justification. You know, the one that was passed to give former enslaved people equal protections under the law. Lawyers somehow used that piece of legislation to argue that corporations should have those same protections as well and the American legal system said: "Sure that sounds reasonable to me." Which is why today people who run corporations can usually avoid facing any charges for the crimes committed by the companies they run.
love this show and it's writers so much, but without the crowd it's still hard to watch. Jon is such a good comedian and  it's so hard to see his rock solid delivery not reflected by the laughter it deserves. I would honestly take a laugh track at this point.
America has so many guns, wouldn't this be the time to put them to good use? Because i just doubt that otherwise justice would be served while capitalism wins. Kings have been replaced by another type of parasites. Clan heirs which often enough don't work anymore at all.
That first statistic is one 69 that is not very nice...
Interesting timing, considering the same tactics they used to sell those drugs they're using to force this new one. So, what are you saying?
The whole opiod thing is just a cash cow,its never going away.The epidemic is with every Doctor prescribing them for everything.Smoke a joint people,the only way that effects you is getting the munchies so you have to walk to the store.
Sacklers are drug dealers just like El Chapo. Same blood money, same scum of the earth.
What’s your stance on total drug legalization?
Maybe a lot of people don’t want to live anymore
I feel like whether or not all drugs should be legal is a divisive topic but if you believe all drugs should be legal it makes it hard to hate these guys more than big tobacco. Fuck em both tho 😂
Meanwhile three major phasuitical companies made a deal with our government to be absolved of any responsibility if a certain vaccine happens to cause harm. The CIA sold drugs to and theres a photo of the presidents that proves hes a pedofile the courts dont work anymore and its your problem not someone elses.
At least the Sacklers's targets were called victims and not criminals
I'm a linguistics major...
Lamb Chop with a long gun should not make me smile, but somehow it is the best thing I've seen in ages.
Better than endless expensive litigations?  I think we all prefer them and all Purdue executives in prison.
I haven't watched this show for a while, and kinda forgot, that Last Week Tonight, was about Last Week, not about Last show.. Whew.. It's not the last John's show :)
America is going down the drain because of insane amount of drug use.  No weed No cocaine No heroin   Cut all that shit
Capitalism fails to society as a whole, when government agencies turn a blind eye for many years, even decades to illegal activities committed by corporations (thru donors and legal bribery).  ";-)
In a parallel just universe:  Judge: "The amount is set at 200 thousand dollars." Sackler Lawyer: "Sounds good where are we paying it to?" Judge: "Thats not how much you are paying its how much you are keeping."
Can we please focus on the "depression" and "economic" crisis that substantially leads to the "opioid" crisis?
No more! Stop using the Sacklers as a punching bag for what every single drug company does….sell their products! This lie about the overdose crisis continues to make things worse. Yes, continues. John should have caught on to the real story long ago, that bad government policy created this crisis, but he beats this dead horse. Signed, No Longer A Fan.
White plains is ass I liv 30 mins from it
You gotta love John Oliver & the whole Last Week Tonight crew. Great video
How are guns of public health crisis, Is it because Johnny Boy Is a authoritarian despot
Big pharma is a mess. I hope we can divorce business with government one day. the government should be a tool to make society better for all not a few. Big pharma &health care should be kept in check so it too can be a benefit to most instead of a few. I have trouble believing doctors if the med they want to prescribe is cuz they are going to benefit from it or from promotion and false understanding trying to help but not really or actually for my/or patient's benefit. can you guys do a video dubai/ oil kingdoms this video made me realize how bad they are. https://youtu.be/SacQ2YdVOyk so dumb and wasteful construction. slave labor, and religious law
Hey I got an idea! Let legalize all drugs abolish the DEA and take all of the blood money from Perdue and the Sacklers. I mean if we are gonna throw the guy on the corner in prison for 10 years and seize all his assets and money (that he probably doesn’t have) for $50 worth of Heroin then why not do the same for the Sacklers. At least the guy on the corner is honest about what he’s doing. Seriously end the drug war. Legalize everything.
The only true justice would be to see every one of these sackler pukes in prison.
you are ultimately responsible for what goes in your body. typical american bs....if your not happy with your life start by looking in the mirror not pointing fingers
I am sad that now many people in constant severe pain will not get the relief they need.
Don't worry everybody, the Sackler family will be just fine.   You see there's ethical laws for the poor masses, and different non-ethical laws for the ultra rich.   And those non-ethical were created by the ultra rich to protect the ultra rich.   So while the Sacker family may have to pay a 'fine', it will in no way inconvenience them, in fact as John Oliver pointed out, it will actually benefit them. So don't worry at all.
Nice job buying the .com address! LOLOL
Why is it that if I just let YouTube decide what to play next it inevitably lands on this British guy?
I'm afraid that buying a permanent DDOS attack on this website is a lot cheaper than 10 billion :/
If there's any justice at all in the world, the Sacklers should be rendered permanently destitute for this.
I just want to take a quick moment to say thank you for all your videos.
This opiate crisis is very shocking, but why are they hitting exclusively on Purdue Pharma and the Sacklers with three shows? What about TEVA, Endo or Allergan? Purdue did not even invent oxycontin and lots of other companies benefitted from the increase in prescriptions.
I think it's BS the whole "public crisis"and not have the War on Drugs responds  See them for who they are no !! Hateful being....... No weapons formed against me shall prosper
I have so much damage to my body from these meds that I took per doctors orders for YEARS after breaking my back in a car accident it's ridiculous. If I had one wish, between never having been hurt, or this family living in my body for a week it honestly wouldn't even take me 5 seconds to make the choice! Thank you John
So we want drugs decriminalized, unless they're prescribed by doctors? I'm confused. Explain it to me as if I'm a 5 year old strung out on Fentanyl.
I’m not buying. We the don’t want that bill
Opioids are wonderful. It is not the drugs fault that too many democrats with their deathly allergy to personal responsibility started taking them. And also, yes, every material product from tampons to hand grenades has a sales department that tries to do their job competitively and well enough to keep as many of their company's workers employed as can be. Get over it. Arrest all the doctors. THEY PRESCRIBED THEM. It would like blaming a company who sells gavels being blamed if a judge is asleep at the wheel. As far as the rest of the issues, have you heard John Oliver apologize and take personal responsibility for every god awful thing his parent company has ever done? If you were sued 30-40 times at once, at least once you would say to someone "this is stressing me out and I have a normal human worry about this." As far as "poisoned a generation", I never saw a Purdue van pull up and tackle someone down and shove a needle in their arm. Maybe you have. I haven't. Allow open sale of all drugs with clear warning labels from the surgeon general as needed and then allow PERSONAL ACCOUNTABILITY to be a thing. Restrict sale to the mental ill like all alcohol sales in many areas are already legally required to do. We are really crying that people who chose to smash and snort pills and get barred out of their gourd are not getting more than $50,000 each? Are we going to sue the Tor browser next? Take the spin from this and assess your values. A teenager could not have picked up that prescription on their own. His mom read the warning and chose to give it to him. Facts. The poison is in the dose, and that is 100% supervisable by a parent and then later a choice by that person as an adult with full personal agency and consequence. It is not the company's fault that a mom left a bottles of opioids in her son's room and not kept in literally any controlled space for abuse to develop. Again, it was the mother's purchase.
Maybe we shouldn’t have spent the 2000s going after GMOs and Roundup, which have never been scientifically shown to harm anyone.
Wow. I mean. This IS how oxy makes you feel....
😂 American pharmaceutical companies are stealing terrorists jobs
You've reached a point where you can't just shut this company and let millions of junkies without their drug cold turkey... That's why they'll keep going. You need to review your lifestyle and learn why your society mass produces depressed people who are way more prone to addiction.
The system benefits the Elite and screws the people. They made the system and we just accepted it!
So, El Chapo & that father of 7 who got 20 years (no chance of parole) for 5.9 grams (~2 joints) of weed just weren't rich enough, huh?
so the Sacklers SCREWED us again......NO RECIPES ON WEB SITE AT ALL!!!
These guys are in any way related to the guy who invented Valium?
Boom! Linguist fucked with 😂😂😂
Jail them and seize their assets
The small turn cephalometrically yell because anteater fortunately grate modulo a wonderful psychiatrist. exotic, merciful competition
They waged a war with America, The death count is continuing to grow, Their generals in this message n going war are their train loads of lawyers and like firms. No one on their side of the war has died , We need to have a Nuremberg type of trial for the world to see,and make all that took part in this war on America make responsible.
These people need to be jailed and put to death
Did they pry open the mouths that willingly took this drug? Threaten the druggist who sold it? Bribe the doctor who prescribed it?  And the reason for needing these drugs? Social apathy? Over crowding? Hopelessness? Abusive parents? Hitting up the Sacklers won't change the reasons for drug abuse, and money can't change it either. We need a new planet, adventure, cause, challenge. Or, we can smash it all up and start over. But it's universal, this decadence, and it's time for reinvention. We'll always need agony and romance, no matter how well stocked the refrigerator. We're addicted to change.
so corporations are people?
I love how hard HBO tries to get us to start some of sort revolution or something, both sides of this political system are laughably corrupt. Ignore both sides, and look for the light, do the right thing. Stay true and just.
Please keep muckraking, the world needs more of this sort of content.
EMPIRE OF PAIN
The Sacklers are a loathsome bunch. The blame doesn’t solely fall on them, but they had a fairly large part in getting this epidemic up and running. I was fortunate and managed to get sober, but many of my friends are dead and gone. It’s horrible how bad things have become. There are resources out there if you are in need of help. Use them! It is worth it, even if it doesn’t seem that way right now.
So if you were a small opioid dealer you would probably spend decades in prison, if police didn’t kill you on the place. If you’re the greatest opioid dealer, you’ll just lose some extra money these next years.
....what a frightening world we live in..,  where our own pharmaceutical companies try to kill us...  The business of selling and promoting health(!!!) ,has also sold out to the system and is now against us.....  🤷‍♂️
Pharmaceutical companies in America can really just operate like legal drug cartels.
Id like to once again Ask that Last Week Tonight at some point do at least a prelude piece about the people that are being hurt by our government's horrible Reaction to the opioid epidemic. Under the CDCs guidance, people who could have been helped were instead yanked off the pain medications they were on, and pushed from a Regulated addiction into the hands of predatory heroin pushers and Those like myself who need these medications, are forced onto lower and lower doses that do not meet our treatment needs out of fears by our doctors of reprisal by the CDC.   This system pushes both those who actively have abused the medication whether willfully in search of a high, or out of desperation for some relief and Those who have never abused the medication and require it to manage our chronic otherwise untreatable pain, towards unregulated far more deadly options. I've heard first hand accounts of Terminal patients having their pain killers pulled as a result of the CDCs measures. The CDC can and should be a force for good, but in this they allowed police and political pressure to paint their view of what should be done and EVERYONE is paying the price as a result.
As an addict in recovery I cannot stress enough how fucking God damn evil this shit is. I've lost friends, I've ODed and went right back because the shit is so strong. I'm clean now but its something I think about constantly.
So if I murder someone, I go to prison. But if my “corporation” murders someone, then meh, whatevz?
The most important group that has not been outed by corporate press are the drug distributors. They acted like they didn’t know.
DOJ should investigate this judge
https://youtu.be/YggAXyG7vMw
The "opioid epidemic" is caused by people using illicit substances, NOT people using legitimate prescription pain medication.  The CDC 2016 Opioid Prescribing Guidelines state that prescription opioid pain medication is only 1% addictive, the AMA wants the CDC to retract those prescribing guidelines because they harm patients, the NIH has stated most overdoses are NOT caused by prescription pain meds, the DEA has been caught on many occasions diverting prescription medication to the black market, and the result of this whole thing is that millions of Americans who have painful chronic conditions are being denied medication that had given them some quality of life, end stage cancer patients are being denied pain medication because they "might become addicted," post-op patients who have overwhelmingly never had a problem with pain medication are now being denied it and told to take Tylenol (even though the amount required to equal the pain relief of an opioid would cause liver damage). This is opioid hysteria.  These companies are being run into bankruptcy and/or shutting down, and the DEA telling the rest to cut back on production is putting us in a very dangerous position of being short any pain medication.  Pretty soon everyone will be forced to recover from surgery without any pain meds, people with chronic pain will be told to do yoga and take a bottle of Advil every day to stop their joints or their skin from feeling like they're on fire.  Absolute nonsense and stupidity.  Go look up #dontpunishpain and other chronic pain tags and groups online, you'll find that there are many many thousands of people online who are suffering in agony because doctors are turning them away.  Example, my wife has a genetic connective tissue disorder that causes constant joint dislocations and has left her in misery.  Her pain management doctor decided one day he was no longer going to treat her because he did not want to go to jail.  She's now bedridden and talks of "ending it" because we cannot find ANY doctor to treat her and she doesn't know how much longer she can go on with unbearable pain. @john_oliver, I challenge you to look at the other side of the "opioid crisis," the one where so many people are now suffering from lack of proper pain treatment due to the stupid reporting that this is all the fault of prescription pain medication.
opiate crisis is around because doctors washed their hands of all the opiate addicts they created and the addicts are going to the streets and dying. it is a result of a bad healthcare system....
That Boss ride-along was "spot on". Down to the old-man-reading-newspaper. Lmao 🤣 🤣
May the people who have died from losing their battles to OxyContin forever haunt the Sackler family and their entire lineage.
Who are all the Sacker family fans that are downvoting this video?
Wow, this is just infuriating to watch.  I had to take a couple breaks.  It just seems so wrong that they can do some much evil, gain so much for it, and even with the billions against them, they still come out way on top.  Injustice.
Curing the infection one bullet at a time.
DOJ and IRS and Treasury should go after there. Money
"It somehow gets one step worse." Why does that not surprise me
John: "They deserve 0 billion dollars." Me: rethinking my opposition to capital punishment because there's only one thing the people who did this to my community deserve.
John Oliver will do anything to avoid critiques of the biden administration. Its like we outed trump and suddenly everything is fine to him...
3rd time is the charm
Hey, Rep. Welch! Vermont Pride!
Dude, I love the way you think. 😃
Justice for the people who have suffered should not be this difficult
The Sackler family destroyed the lives of millions. They killed millions directly and indirectly. Why are they allowed to  go free?  The Sackler product also cause strokes in young people. they will need nursing home care for the rest of their lives. The Sackler family product does not cause stokes like in old people, it destroy a young person's brain.  At least  80% of the homeless on the street are opiates addicts. There were no seas of homelessness in cities before the Sackler family pushed their opiates on society.  Why not have the family use their 11 billions to  build shelter for all of them. and feed them nutritious meal 3 times a day so they can detox  and work on their sobriety. Working on one's sobriety ( and most addicts want to get sober) is like running a marathon, it is a huge endeavor where you need a stable home life, access to clean water and 3 meals a day to accomplish it Opiates were never party drugs like cocaine. Doctors got paid a 5% bonus for pushing opiates on their patients. no wonder people  no longer trust doctors. i think the states that have a huge opiate problems have a lot of people that do not want to get vaccinated. I blame the Sackler family for their part in that.  Why does the court system expect the taxpayers to fix the problems that rich people's greed caused? The court should tell them to use all their money to clean up the mess they  caused. i think people will loose trust in the court system. Once that happens, democracy will no longer mean anything.
Settlement by the government was shit. They should have paid $200B
Cringe on the sales rep promotion video
I really want a link to that "Shout" video.
#BlameKathy
Prescription Opioids have ravaged the American population, yet our elected officials keep selling us upstream to the highest bidder. The "punishments" handed out to these pharmaceutical companies are laughable, which means that the opioid epidemic will continue.   Bottom line: the general public and congress do not care about drug addicts. If they did, the money would be there for treatment, and Sacklers would be serving life sentences
The Sacklers need to be stripped of their ill-gained riches and put away in one of our many for profit American gulags.
I would love John Oliver to tackle mainstream media as a whole.
They also can object to any claim and get rid of thousands of claims with NO recovery.
Honestly assests siezed, and a decade in prison is the min since they give that to a guy who grew a plant. Sacklers need all assets siezed and prison. Anything less isnt justice.
There is plenty of precedent for this, caused by those judges who are concerned with their futures rather than administration of law.
So I'm curious. If a drug dealer gets a business license as an herb shop and, is caught selling marijuana on the premises. Can their business get the felony instead of them? Or is this just bs because this family has money?
Keep no billions!
America: Drugs are bad! War on drugs! Also America: Let's get everyone addicted to legal opioids and make a killing!
Until the Sacklers are literally penniless and on the street, there is no justice for the evil they've wrought. They'll die of old age surrounded by their billions.
One of history most successful murders
Love when John Oliver just buys domains to slam shit.
Why does that poster above his shoulder say "SAPLINGS" when I'm looking at John, but "SACKLERS" when I look directly at it?
“A fortune for one man that was more than he needed should not be built on ten thousand ruined men who are left without the means of life.” The Problem of Thor Bridge, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
Can we we just once grasp the petty, low-hanging fruit of calling Richard Sackler "Dick Sack"?
Guns aren't a problem and there definitely is no racism happening in America! Only when the media tries to push it is when and only when it happens
05:17    Someone get the graphics department a teddybear. And a drink. Maybe... therapy? Bring shackles just in case. No muzzles, no gas. And for fuck's sake turn your phones off.
One more example how the rich F over the rest of us and how we are under two legal systems one for the righ and one for the rest of us.
So many pharma companies are convicted felons. But amazingly, when they make vaccines, they turn into "can do no wrong" angels. Okaaaaaay. I'm so sure they are blamelessly making very safe vaccines. ;)
16:50 .....😐 wow
And once again, John Oliver makes the suits at HBO say "...You spent your show's budget on WHAT?"
Heartwarming? In space, nobody can feel you scream. If anything, returning the living embodiment of the ice king into an icicle in space sounds kind of amazing. Is that.... wrong?
3 years clean but not gomna lie I do miss opiods. Never going back tho.
😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬
too good
John Oliver doing what he does best, exposing insanity, criminality and hypocrisy in an informative yet entertaining manner.    SUCK MY SAC,SACKLERS !
They are White AND Rich? Of course they faced no consequences. Not sure what anyone was expecting.
Fighting with opiod crisis leaves chronically ill and people in chronic pain without access to painkillers...
USA is still the wild west. Anything goes.
all about the money. they couldn't care less about the people
You are getting old man
Great timing with Hulu's new series based on the book Dopesick.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYU1kzGn4rk
If anyone in Hollywood ever does a movie on Perdue Pharma & the Sacklers, as much as I like the others John chose, Richard Kind sums up that middle ground of annoying & cluelessness that is Richard Sackler.
By the logic the Sackler family is using, the Mafia should have incorporated and resulted in that none of its members would have spent a day in jail.
Growing up in DC, the sackler name is everywhere because of their foundations supporting arts and humanities....they basically spent decades laundering their money at the Kennedy Center that's insane. I had no idea. I also now look at the opioid crisis in a new way; they knew people were dying as their pockets fattened. Shame
This is some serious bullshit from John Oliver. Russian athletes that competed on the olympics were no more doped than American athletes. They deserve to compete under their flag and to listen to their own national anthem when they win. That being said, giving athletes PED is much better than giving opioids for mild lower back pain.
I'm from White Plains, there I said it. White Plains is the center of Westchester.
I have the audio version of Patrick Radden Keefe’s book on the Sackler Dynasty. It was riveting and an exceptional way to spent time commuting. Highly recommend.  Another great report to the non- journalist John Oliver.  (The difference between Oliver and the journalist’s? He doesn’t give a damn with Intellect and wit.)
congrats i think this is the quickest i've physically cringed in one of these skits
All of this is sickening, though I just wanna take a moment to appreciate John as a person and his team as journalists. Last Week Tonight always goes above and beyond to provide a detailed, accurate, comprehensive assessment of real, pressing issues all with a ridiculous sense of humor. It really is a force for good in this world.
I remember in 1995 waiting in my doctor's office waiting room forever, because there was a literal line up of pharm reps dressed typically in white shirts, black pants/skirts, rolling their little suitcases in, waiting to meet with the doctor with their drug samples and bribes of vacations and golf clubs if they pushed the sales with their prescription pads. Well, of course at the time I was more upset that I was having to wait so long to see my doctor, and wasn't aware that was what they were doing at the time. But yeah, it became evidently clear years later that that is what they were doing.
I don't know how many Americans need to hear this... but this would never happen under a system of Healthcare For All.
When the revolution comes and we all decide to eat the rich, catch me heading to one of the estates of the Sacklers.
And people wonder why some Americans don't trust pharmaceutical companies...
I suspect the Sacklers are probably thinking of suing John and HBO.... before they do, I REALLY hope they have a sit down and chat with Bob Murray's lawyer ;)    I am fairly certain he is legally bound to advise them 'just walk away, let it go'   Also, is it OK that a Brit is becoming an American hero?  We've gotten to a point where I think we'd have to fight the UK for custody, we don't wanna give him back.
Great episode! Congratulations on the dynamite ending! Thanks for everything.
I have been sober 2 years, but when I was a senior in high school there was a teacher handing out Xanax and oxy  to students [she was fired after I got out of school for trading pills to minors for sex) and oxy 30s where 15$ a pop of course I became an addict. I was born and raised in east Kentucky one of the places Perdue slung oxy at and a place so poor and barren drugs are about the only thing to do. Even though I have been sober for 2 years the things I did and was involved in will haunt me for ever when the pills became 50$ a pop of course everyone went on the heroin and for ever I will crave a pill because of what? Being a kid and making some mistakes and the over availability of the pills on the street?. It is hard to understand how my poor decisions where escalated by the overwhelming amount of pills available on the streets when you sell a million pills alone in east Kentucky in those early years where did they think they where all going....
Billionaire goes to space and dies is a “good” thing you f ing psychopath
They're worth $11bn? Let's fucking fine them $12bn then
I wonder how many 90’s kids saw Lamb Chop and immediately went 🎶It’s not fair! It’s not fair! It’s not fair! It’s not F-A-I-R fair!🎶 😂 I know I did…
Wait a second.  So you're telling me somebody with the last name Sackler named their child Richard?  As in Dick?  As in Dick Sackler?
Capitalism in it's purest form. Isn't it beautiful?
Oh man, I really want that "Sackler" family pesto-chicken recipe! ( Richard Kind is awesomely goofy! )
You should be carefull, she seems to be a cuning linguist.
I'm a language major, and I simultaneously feel attacked but can't really disagree.
There are serious problems that come with a system getting too far out of whack.  The root problem has nothing to do with Opioids, OxyContin, or the Sacklers; it's that we have 2 completely separate legal systems.  One for the very wealthy, and one for everyone else (even the kinda wealthy).  _IF_ you are extremely wealthy you are immune to nearly all legal consequences.  I mean yeah, you can't go to times square and start shooting people and get away with it... but if you did, I bet you'd get a lighter sentence if you have a few billion in the bank.  So here is the problem with that; our Justice system only works as long as people believe in it and respect it.  Incidents like this shred that respect.  What that means is that people will stop taking civil recourse to the law, and some mother out of her mind with grief is going to shoot someone like a Sackler in the face.  I am not advocating violence, but once the wealthy start fucking people over with impunity and legal immunity, people will take 'justice' into their own hands and some of these wealthy assholes are going to turn up dead.  I am not saying that is what should happen, and I am not encouraging violence, I want to be very clear.  What I am doing is PREDICTING it's inevitability as the system gets tilted more and more in favor of the wealthy.  People will not respect courts, people will not use recourse to the law to settle disputes.  Our very well armed nation will start seeking it's own justice.  No body wants that.  Not the Sacklers, the victims' families, not the judges brokering these deals.... this is playing with fire, and everyone involved can get burned.  This is how judges, attorneys and billionaires start showing up dead.  It's happened in other countries once 'Justice' is proven to be a myth.  It's the natural reaction.  If justice is denied to you, revenge starts looking better.  We really don't want to go down this road, the courts need to stop being so obvious in their favoritism of the rich.  Once the illusion of justice in fair courts is shattered, people start to think about how to right wrongs in different ways.  We really don't want that.  I would argue in private to the Judge in White Plains that for the good of Justice itself, the preservation of the illusion at least, the Sacklers might need to be sacrificed.  Not a legal argument, a simple big picture argument.  What are the consequences of letting them get away scot free?  Think it through, think beyond this one case and whatever they are paying you (oh I am sure the bribes are well hidden, but there is obviously a reason this judge was chosen, even if he isn't on the take, he's still dirty or he wouldn't have been hand picked by the Sacklers).  Don't take my word for it, look at history when belief in justice breaks down in a society.  There are no happy destinations if we go down this road.  Full stop, back up.  We need to restore some balance here before the system collapses.  There even larger issues in play here beyond the fortunes of the Sackler family.  Every now and again, a billionaire who broke the law badly needs to get well and truly fucked by the courts.  An example, a sacrifice for the sake of illusion... actual justice... call it what you want.  But people need to believe even a billionaire can get in trouble if they break too serious of laws.  Too many Sacklers skate in this country?  The whole system can collapse.  Everyone involved in this needs to take a big step back and give a deep think to the consequences of yet another group of billionaires getting away with murder.  How many times can this happen before people go vigilante instead?  I feel like our legal system is on a precipice and no one wants to talk about the elephant in the room; our 2 court systems based on wealth.
I want their heads, and their blood in the streets :shrug: its not about money. its about principal and doing the right thing.
John Oliver - hell of a Mad Man!
That's the corporatocracy for yah.
So basically the Sacklers are saying " I had nothing to do with it" but you made money off of I had nothing to do with it. It's the burden you don't want to deal with. 2. Drug companies to the doctors to the people, there's your supply line, simple but no one is getting arrested because someone else is getting paid.3 Just like Dave Chappelle said " just say no to drugs, what's the matter...
I love you
Gotta love the Yanks
im gonna fake the same and just ask for 1B if dats the new norm 4 bad ppl -.-..
Biden seriously needs to stop the Mexican cartels from smuggling in opioids & fentanyl they buy from Biden's friends in China. ya think the Biden crime family is getting a cut?   why else would he do it? Cartels buying Hunter's finger paintings for millions maybe??
Oh John, such a cunning linguist you are
Considering everything dear to me that has been lost to the opioid epidemic... including the things I’m losing today, and what I’ll lose in the future - the possibilities, the color and beauty, laughter, love, sadness, passion, joy, friends, family, all of the lives and the things that make being alive feel like living as opposed to sitting around passing the hours til death in a grey, cold, subdued, lonely shell - there is nothing which this family or its companies could do to make it up to me.  There can be no justice for crimes like these.  The scale is far too great.  It would be like taking Stalin to court, some things are just beyond the pale.  I’m not saying it shouldn’t be done, but we need to recognize that there are limitations to the *concept* of “justice.”  Even if the Sacklers lost literally everything and spent their remaining years in prison, it wouldn’t bear even a surface-level resemblance to a balancing of the scales.  Actually accomplishing that is fundamentally impossible.  Well, perhaps that was a bit heartless of me.  How about this:  Immediately ceasing all operations, open-sourcing all data, releasing all copyrights, and re-dedicating all assets, resources and energy to FUCKING PRACTICAL TIME TRAVEL so that we can have some hope of getting those things that were lost back.  Short of that, I think I’m just going to stay angry forever.  I know it means nothing and they will continue to live as gods until they die quite comfortably at the maximum possible edge of human life expectancy whereupon they’ll pass their billions and billions of dollars of blood money to their almost certainly equally awful descendants who are at a roughly similar risk of destroying at least as many lives in the future with some other extremely lucrative scheme.    The problem isn’t the family, it’s not even the companies.  The problem is the system that not only let them get away with it, but made them so unimaginably wealthy in the process.  Until those systems are changed, people and companies will continue to crush human lives underfoot in order to pile up wealth, because in such systems it’s almost foolish NOT to.  If you can dampen your empathy a bit, you can live better than any emperor in history, and if your monstrous acts are eventually brought to light you might - although this is one hell of a stretch - wind up living the final few years of your life in relatively moderate hardship compared to the “normal” human experience throughout history.  It’s pretty convenient for all of those who have profited from this disaster and others like it that things are set up this way - not to mention that even my rage and sadness feel like basically nothing anymore.
When poor people sell drugs that ruin lives, it is a crime.  When rich people sell drugs that ruin lives, it is considered a good business model
FYI - we are seeing the future of what is going to occur with the Trump organization.   They will transfer out assets, file for bankruptcy, and find away to avoid criminal prosecution and lose nearly nothing.
Best episode of lamb chops play along EVER!
Name me an empire ruled by one family that didn't murdered people. "I don't know!"
Not one word about what all this has done to people in chronic pain who are not able to get proper medication anymore.
They really need to replace the "R" with an "S" in "Sacklers"
Here's a fix:  Stop selling it a a 'medical' drug.  Just sell it like pot and alcohol.  People OD it on, that's their lack of willpower.  And that way the Satlers will be as liable as Jack Daniels and pot vendors.  The doctors miss-prescribing oxyC is really to blame.  Its the same as guns really, you can't blame the manufacturer for what vendors decide to do with their sales.
So much of this is bullshit. The drugs themselves are safe since less than 3-5% of chronic pain patients misuse these medications, & significantly less will develop opioid use disorder from their rx. The people who developed opioid use disorder after taking oxycodone or oxycotin either had pre-existing substance abuse issues (including alcohol & nicotine) or used the medications at WAYYYY above therapeutic doses. Only street opioids are "highly addictive" since they aren't manufactured by pharmaceutical companies & often have varying amounts of fentanyl in them, making them impossible to assume a therapeutic/survivable dose to get high from, thereby causing addiction & overdoses. (Illicit opioids are taken for many reasons including for chronic pain & mental health issues that opioids are therapy for since they are nearly impossible to get rxd legally now, so even when used at therapeutic doses, if fentanyl is added, it can cause an overdose.)  Oxycotin came out with the warning that it was high risk for abuse when crushed & when doctors didn't read the drug info & adequately screen their patients, therefore having patients with pre existing substance abuse issues abusing them, they added a coating to prevent this type of abuse. Those people then started using other drugs illegally that have fentanyl in them, which significantly increased the ODs that WEREN'T HAPPENING when they abused oxycotin alone. Even when abused, Oxycotin was safer than street drugs.
What are Sacklers?  I thought, it is someone, who roles your sacks.   After the video. I'm right in a way😎.
US militray , companies , and us gov are in the opium game
Heck yeah. Amazing.
Capitalism, fuck yeah!
That’s it. We’re eating the rich, and the Sacklers are the first on the menu.
John Oliver and his team are heroes.
22:35 hahah
They are living on billions of dollars made off the graves of thousands
I wonder why opioid overdoses have skyrocketed? Due to the "epidemic" fear-mongering, doctors are afraid to prescribe opioids that work even to people dying of cancer. So they turn to black market, buy an "OxyContin" pill which is just fentanyl pressed into pill shape, then they OD and die. Fentanyl deaths are by far the #1 cause of overdose and death. Restricting access to pharmaceutical painkillers will only increase deaths, and leave those with legitimate pain in agony.
lock that nazi family up
The flow of gifts across  The Mexican border from china 60,000 dead  Already in 2021 and sick  With virus being sent across America thousands that will make Americans sick  And die .President doing nothing that means he doesn't care  And your brain can't understand that .
"How do you make two proper nouns into a double negative?" Jon bringing the roasts today LOL
Spoiler Alert: Are The American Dream.  They got rich off the poor, are keeping the money and not being held accountable.
Dangerously close to Weimer here, Johnny boy. Love it.
Ive been around addicts and junkies and regular drug users my entire life and seen many situations and types of addicts, overdoses and blown viens. You cant blame the crack dealer because you like crack. Its not our place to blame the pharmacy company because you or your loved ones killed yourself with drugs, show some restraint and heal yourself dont rely on doctors of any kind they work for the pharmaceutical companies and will say or do anything to load you with drugs, doctors are actually worse than street pushers.
Bro wtf now I don't want to major in linguistics
OMG that sales rep meeting video.
Why you gotta shit on White Plains, John?
I hope the US president's morning briefing contains watching the latest LWT episode once it has aired...  The world could be a better place...
The straight up, in your face, of course I'll *blackmail* you FOR JUSTICE for $10 Billion is some next level iconic humor right there. 👏👏👏🤣🤣🤣
As an engineer for a medical device company who has attended multiple annual sales meetings I would say 1) the Purdue clips aren't unique and 2)yes, they are absolutely cringeworthy and I need to take long hot scalding showers afterwards to regain my humanity.
IF you don't live in PAIN back pain whatever  O.C was good pain med. If took right but like anything people mess it up. For people who have 24 7 pain and took MEDS it right !!!!!!!!!!!!!!IT. So ask the doctor for your meds they look and tell you were not dope dealer. Wait had this happen F.D.A doctors know your  in pain but they can't give you anything. So now what 7 people 5 older 60 die coming off of it. i know older man mess up bad he did not know streets he die bad junk   and this not him good old man but he was in so my pain he went to find something SAD.... I wish i would have die in my car wreck i know what waiting there more pain and no hope 23 years old went the wreck happen  now  44 went i see john Oliver talking i hate it so they stop give our med .ODs have went up and up and up because people with real pain make bad choosiest. IF ANYONE FEEL LIKE TELL ME LEVEN CONMET !!!!!!!!!!!! I TRYING TO MAKE IT DAY BY DAY
AHAHAHA IT WAS SUCH A FUNNY JOKE IN BOJACK HORSEMAN WHEN CONGRESS JUST STRAIGHT UP PASSED A LAW THAT ALLOWED BILLIONAIRES TO MURDER.
The rich get richer the victims die in a pool of their own junkie vomit 🤮 lost 10 friends to The Sacklers. Close your eyes and imagine The Sacklers are black
Oh, now do Jill Biden being a doctor
4:49 anyone hear that?
I'm in favor of vigilante justice for rich criminals. People need to understand that a family like this will NEVER face justice from the so-called "justice" system. It never happens, and it never will, not only because their money and power protect them, but because our laws are designed to target easy, simple types of crime, like murder, r*pe, theft, etc. They're not built to deal with these major conspiracies and byzantine back-room cabals that the rich often engage in. That's why they never face any proper repercussions. I hate to say it, but if you really want justice against the rich, you need to mete it out outside of the legal system. Otherwise, they'll ALWAYS get away scott free, and they'll go to their graves happy and fat while their victims suffer in silence.
Any form of oxy,hydro,morphine,ect is almost impossible to get in the last 10 years from a doctor. Im now in recovery for about 10 years. When I was at my worst ( all my dealers were either dead or in prison) I went to about 7 doctors and I will say they are doing their jobs very well. 1 of them even threatened to call cops on me. thus video makes it sound like they are giving them away. The problem are the people that legally need them sell them. Not the doctors or manufacturers imo.
As someone who lost someone to Oxycontin laced with fentanyl, that family should be required by law to pay restitution to the families.
Opioids, Part 3.  Next up: Slapp Suits, Part 2.
Sure big pharma is to blame. But so are the doctors who agreed to do this.
Lol, when purdue sells oxy to the public, its the 'corporation's fault not the indiviguals.... but when pablo and the boys do the same thing, is it called the 'medellin cartel' or a crime syndicate, and wanted them shot down 🤣
Why would a billionaire dying in space be heartwarming? Are leftists this far gone that this is a joke? Like a serious thing to laugh at? So dumb.
like the Drumpf family
I wish you could speak about the state owned Guinea pigs of big pharma... Freedom is often taken for granted. And bought out. Arrogance and egotism is rampant.
Why dont you also investigate the pharma companies making billions with scammy PCR tests that give out fake positives. Then the experimental vaccines, and the companies keeping their patents to make more $
Justice seems to be concept that has less and less meaning these days when billionaires control the system and are calling all the shots without even paying into the system.
Anything that includes "non-consensual" seems inherently unethical and immoral. 🤔
😄 Dick Sackler
People who are addicts, will abuse what they have. Absolutely does not matter. Drugs don't pry their selves into your mouth, vein, etc. Addicts actively introduce this stuff into their systems. Often, they die. Whether it is cocaine, meth, alcohol or, oxy. The reason they have oxy, is because it's available. Same as all other drugs... It is what is available. A bunch of attorneys who absolutely do not Care about addicts, rather, money, saw an opportunity and it paid off. Now, people who NEED this medicine cannot get it... And it's all over greed. What a shame.
The worst part is oxycodone has it's place in medicine : pain relief for people with renal failure (also we can also use fentanyl for that). That's a huge market. They would have made big bucks anyways.
The wiggly twig immunocytochemically subtract because charles clearly test save a successful lamp. rainy, magical magazine
Yay america
I don't know how idiot's own the world...
Bullets are cheaper than litigation. Just sayin.
The truculent reminder climatologically divide because italy traditionally retire circa a scared waitress. wasteful, purring trick
As a non-religious person, these are the type of people that make me wish I believed in Hell.
Let’s do a petition to not accept that settlement and put pressure on the family and legal parties responsible for proper justice.
* deep sigh * First, drugs do not run amok in the streets, cramming themselves down the throats of drug users. As a caregiver, I've seen where clients complain of debilitating pain, only to be living quite active lives. Second, DOCTORS ARE THE REAL DRUG DEALERS! Doctors write the prescriptions. Doctors are required to monitor their patients medz. Third, and this one is simply hilarious in that it totally undermined your general ignorance: con·sen·su·al /kənˈsen(t)SH(əw)əl/  adjective relating to or involving consent or consensus. "consensual sexual activity" Thank you Google! I strongly doubt (but not wholly dismiss the possibility) that "big-pharma" is engaging in sexual activity.
Just let the masses numb themselves. This world is too crazy to deal with right now.
good segment but so annoying he/the writers had to shit on White Plains, NY.  It's shit like that which makes people feel distant from coastal "elites." Making it seem still like John Oliver is closer culturally to the Sackler's than to the common person in this country or abroad.  - Me, someone living in Brooklyn, from a small city in the midwest.
There is actually a linguist you don't fcuk with, and his name is Noam Chomsky. But of course, he much more than that, without a slightness of pettiness, snobbism, and pretentiousness of that vanity sackler. Btw. Great episode John Oliver team!
as a linguistics masters student I have many times been intimidated by a linguist, though she is not one.
After watching this video I can't help but think that it sure is great to live in a functioning rule of law based on retributive justice. On an completely unrelated note I'm curious how much time would an assassin who killed a stadium of 70,000 would serve in jail. He says that he was just paid 12 billion by his boss to put a nuke there, but he says he should be acquitted because he didn't think nukes could kill people so them dying is his bosses fault not his. Surely he should just be fined a quarter of his earnings.
10:00 "fucking with a linguist" Really? A linguist is not capable of finding more creative words than the f-bomb? You're putting the moron into oxymoron, mam.
The government is over correcting. Chronic pain patients are left to suicide to relieve their pain. Pain medications are refused to cancer patients, dying patients, surgical patients, c-sections. Broken bones. The list goes on. It’s become inhumane. It’s a crime to prescribe anxiety medication with a pain medication now. Over correcting is now killing innocent people. (Street drugs are killing addicts!) Government fcked up!
The Guys name is Dick Sack...ler really....
modern day hero
But.. prescription opioid's have dropped 44% in the past several yrs according the AMA- American medical association. PRESCRIPTION OPIOID MEDS ARE NOT THE CAUSE OF THIS EPIDEMIC NOW!! So while this narrative is pushed it is harming legit cpp to suffer with horrific pain such as Adhesive Arachnoiditis that this pain has been compared to STAGE 4 CANCER WITHOUT THE BENEFIT OF DEATH!! So blaming this OLD ISSUE on prescription opioid's, just have a gander at our OPEN BIRDERS and talk to the law down there to see how much ILLEGAL DRUGS HAVE BEEN CAUGHT AND HOW MUCH HAVE GOTTEN THROUGH!!
Son to Mom: Mommy, when I grow up I want to start a large corporation and hire lots and lots and lots of lawyers. Then, when I hire people to do the grunt work I want to pay them peanuts so that I can maximize my profits. Oh and if along the way I manage to murder people because of my greed or lack of concern over work condition, I’ll  have my money and lawyers to protect my assets and keep me out of jail because we were able to work the system.   Mom: That’s nice dear.
Drag the sackler name through the mud ☝️☝️☝️
First, HUGE thank you to John Oliver and entire crew for weekly in-depth reporting about important issues. You are what I consider actual informed news. Your witty actions like purchasing the .com site to expose this evil family for perpetuity is both genius and provides a sense of hope in the world. I’m sure they’ll spend the time/money to fight you all on it, but hope they lose! They deserve to be displayed to the world to show what they did and to serve to teach others that the rich can get away with anything and WE THE PEOPLE need to stop them. I mean our own DOJ and GOV are worthless. If they know these loopholes still exit…CHANGE THEM, but rich continue to get away w things.   Second, how can anyone dislike this vid 🤦‍♂️
The only reason Joss wanted to be called "Dr" having a linguist PhD was to confuse people into believing she had some medical qualifications. Change my mind
Seems like some sort of holocaust. 😐
$3500 to $48000 .. which means it’s $3500
‘Shout’ made me throw up a little
the Sacklers have enuf money to "BUY" every JUDGE , COURT, Lawyer, Senator THEY NEED ! thats why tehy are still alive . in a just world teh whole family would be executed..
why are jimmy kimmel or the puppet cobert alway on tv and i can only find this guy on youtube
That 10 billion dollar price tag 🤌🏼*muah*
I went to Purdue University and gave a presentation on opioids and my prof gave us a point off for not saying the purdue company was not associated with the school (but I did)
I once read a comment on YouTube. It was the greatest idea ever.  Every time someone makes about a few million dollars, they should be given a prize called the You Broke Capitalism prize and all of their rest of the profits automatically becomes the wealth of the people and given out as tax returns. No one logically needs more than 10 million USD in their immediate family.
The Sacklers are also a յewish family. Nickel bag sellers were sent to prison for yrs in the 1990’s & early 2000’s.
As far as I know Hitler didn't personally kill anyone yet still recent history's ultimate monster.
The perfect poppy analogously warm because passenger aditionally pray above a waiting paper. happy, fortunate case
Everyone who has ever been arrested for anything, wishes they stage their own punishment!
funny how they scream 'corporations are people too!' when it comes to electing criminals,,, but time to face the reaper, they scream it is a corporation, not people.
The web site is awesome, thanks for doing that !    These people are real scum.
the only outcome that would sate my anger would be for several of the most culpable sacklers to recieve the death penalty  lethal injection via opioid overdose
How can I find that song pls and ty anyone
wait i thought big pharmaceutical  were hero’s now that the came out with a vaccine ..   i though we were all just to trust them now.. this makes no sense, it’s all i hear about
It's good to know that the real family is even worse then the Leverage villain based on them.
They should hold the researchers responsible as well
Why do all American women look like they have the entire product line of a cosmetics company on their face?
The opioid epidemic broke my family and hundreds of thousands of others, the fallout from this was monumental.
This is part 3 in the opiod series, no?
@LastWeekTonight can you do a segment about the political atrocities in Hong Kong?  I feel everyone should know about the failed 1 country, 2 Systems method of government and why democracy in HK has been eliminated.
This is just ONE example of how the ultra rich have run this country (USA) since the industrial age and before.
Sacklers LIED & People DIED!!!😡
fucking brilliant move mate on that website
#AMC500K
It is important to note that Purdue is just one example of how tainted the relationship is between corporations, governments, scientists, and doctors.  The scientists understand the potentials but follow the company line because of funding, the doctors do what they are told because of incentives, corporations have a philosophy of endless growth (desire for more money), and governments are not protecting their people by making examples out of corruption (maybe because they too are susceptible to corruption). And yet the people are always motivated by fear to the extent that they trust the scientists, doctors, corporations, and governments. It is a systemic issue and until the whole planet figures out how to move away from money, these examples will not end. If everything evolves then we must move past this idea of medium of exchange. The real worth is the human being and we need to stop substituting that worth for something that causes more harm than good.
like Hitler, this family didn't act alone there is plenty of guilt to go to ever doctor that writes the perceptions and pulls them form the now addict forcing that addict to fine alternative soares for their addition and I bet they are not counted in this study.
It’s so messed up how a person can get year in prison for a some marijuana but the pieces of shit get out the easy way just because they have money I feel that that’s the ugly part of capitalism as long you got money you can buy your way out of almost anything
These are the moments where I wish we had a revolution with guillotines and shit
legalize shrooms and weed!!! honk if you agree lol
Big Pharma cartel hard at work, quick blame somebody and make content to scare straight all you maggots. Stay safe, stay vaccinated, good boy/ girl. WERE PROTECTING YOU!!!
These are the same groups that profit when the government forces you to take an untested vaccine.
There’s no reason they can’t be sued in another country if they have assets there or their money is connected to a financial institution in that other country as what a judge in say Massachusetts says means nothing to a judge in say Paris or Brussels and if the drug was manufactured say in Belgium or France or Germany that it could be held responsible other there! Like Yogi Berra said “It ain’t over till it’s over!” And those types of rulings regardless of what they say have to be reasonable as to time limitations so the clause say forever really means one year!
Your logic: 🗣BIG PHARMA IS EVIL!  *Big pharma will save the world from Covid*💉🌎😇 🙏  🗣BIG PHARMA IS EVIL!
Nothing surprise, you sell drugs by gram, you get life in prison. But when you sell drugs by million tons you get rich and get away with it.
The US = A country of laws, with zero justice.  How many petty drug dealers doing serious time in jail? Ooooops, not rich or white, then you aint right. #OkayKK
If corporations are people, they should be able to get the death penalty and the chair,
Desire for money, the love of money, and the want for power, muddies the waters of truth.
When it effects mostly white people: A health crisis and epidemic  When it effects mostly black people: War on Drugs.
I really wish somebody would prosecute them under the RICO Act.  I'm not legal professional, but it seems like this sort of thing should be possible.
Like this show, but I’m an attorney that practices in these areas, and this episode is legally unsteady and not well explained.
I do agree with everything in this video...but, as someone with chronic pain, the opioid epidemic has made it almost impossible to get real pain treated when other medication isn't working. It's just a horrible situation with real consequences. The Sacklers can go f themselves.
Stop pushing the “crisis” back, entirely, to the manufacturer and start owning up to the fact that the users are also to blame!  You might have been prescribed X for Y, and X might work, but it's your job as a patient to notice and deal with your growing addiction, and side effects.    The manufacturer does bear some responsibility, but much less than it being called for by the government, and media.  How many  people who suffer, suffered, or died from taking the medication sought out different medication when they noticed the addiction?  How many people stopped taking the medication once the problem resolved?  Did the people educate themselves on different treatments and different medications for their issues, and demanded their doctors change their medication?  You can push some blame on the company, and some blame on the doctors, but ultimately it's the patients who need to be held responsible.    I was on painkillers, anti-inflammatory, benzos, and SSRI medication for years,  and when I noticed a growing addiction to the painkillers I stopped taking them, even though that caused an incredible amount of pain and discomfort.  When I was “detoxing” from the painkillers, I thought about cutting off me legs, even asking a friend to come over and amputate them for money!     Once I was off all my medication, which was literally hell on earth, I demanded my doctors change my medication.  The doctors ended up prescribing cannabis, after I repeated forced their hand through research, studies, and it's legal medical status in Canada.  Cannabis  has treated the major aspects of my health issues, and has allowed me to get into the gym and live a “normal” life.    I know medical cannabis has an iffy status in the US, but the point is they're option available, and it's up to a patient to find those options and avail themselves of them.
Why is comedy journalism the closest thing we have to actual journalism?
Why anyone would want to watch a show hosted by such a slimy man is beyond me
Hang 'em high
greed is killing us and the world.
Sentence those who profited directly and their enablers and facilitators to 10 billion collective hours of community service
Don’t always agree with John, but he’s the best of all these shows.
_"From the beginning of time"_ lol. Shit, this family must be really dirty! 🤣
How come I get no video? Only audio?
Shoutout to corporate capitalism
‘Merica…..where a guy can be beat up and put in jail just because they suspected him of being “trouble” and a billionaire family can contribute to countless numbers of deaths and remain free and wealthy.
Funny, the producers of Cocaine come behind bars. If they would call their stuff "medicine", they wouldn´t get a real problem. Btw., what´s with the FDA? No responsibility?
COME ON PEOPLE 🤣 IT'S CALLED CAPITALISM...... AKA PROFITS OVER PEOPLE!! GOTTA LOVE AMERIKKA 🥺
It's interesting how some of the biggest industries, businesses and individuals amass their wealth by catering to our baser impulses. Big pharma, big agriculture, the fast food industry, processed/addictive food, the illegal drug trade, porn, alcohol, tobacco... These things do not forward individual or cultural survival. We need more leaders to step up to create products that are actually helpful and consumers need to demand, with their dollars, such products.
This guy looks a little like Sam the cooking Guy
Evil Empire
And this is why you keep winning Emmys. Keep sticking it to them! Thank you thank you thank you so much.
Noam Chomsky: American Linguist Here’s one for ya Jonny
I'm not trying to be a jerk here. I feel bad for all the people who've had their lives upended by addiction (theirs or a loved one's) but I just want to know if there was a warning on the packaging? What about the prescribing doctors? If they didn't say anything, why aren't they the ones getting sued? I'm a smoker. I've got COPD and will probably die from that or cancer, and I would never dream of suing the cigarette companies for the simple reason that I knew cigarettes were addictive and bad for me when I started smoking. The Surgeon General's Warning is right there! How can I hold them accountable for MY poor judgment?
People this medicine is very well needed by patients that are in real pain everyday. Setting these companies up for failure is playing negative to us that use them as a real therapeutic. These stories need a by-line that lists the real names for these medications that save lives, not just the abusers that ruin our lives
Thanks, John.  Now when are you going to tackle the real issue:  Repealing the laws that allow drug companies to release drugs without FDA testing and approval.
How many of these major debacles will we have to endure until they repeal the changes in the law that required the FDA to test and approve all drugs?    Until then, here's the bottom line: Never trust prescriptions.  Check the side effects and cautions (online; independent of the pharmacy or doctor) and take that information seriously.  Avoid taking anything unless absolutely necessary-- and the minute you have a bad reaction, stop taking it and call your doctor.  For every drug there are 5 others that are similar to it.  They can prescribe something else.    Addiction is only one "side-effect."  And this is only one of many issues that have developed because they changed the laws governing drug distribution and approval by the FDA.  It was inevitable.
Shoutout to madison grant
Shoutout to eugenics
I lost my sister to an opioid overdose. Everyone in my high school started on Oxy before getting into heroin. Some made it out and some did not. It's so hard to let go when these demons continue to rake in billions off misery.
What do you expect from the Sackville Baggins?
Kathy Sackler looks inhuman
This dude can't make a single video without cucking to the lefty race-baiters
It's absurd that companies these days just seem to be able to do whatever dubious and illegal bullshit they want, pay a FRACTION of the money they made from said activity and then go on their merry way.  Take every fucking dime and then pay a giant fine on top of that.  When they say "Crime doesn't pay" that really only applies if you aren't wealthy enough, otherwise it pays extremely well.
$10000000000🤑
Throw them all in prison.  They're no different from the dealer on the street, pushing heroin.  In fact, they're worse because they knew what they were doing and they profited so much from it.  It would send a clear and unequivocal message to all these other pharmaceutical companies: Stop screwing the public over; do your job properly or you won't do it at all.
Honestly why is it any of our business if these people want to take pills to feel better . I could care less. I can imagine if I was in pain I would want some help . Stop trying to control peoples lives
"I'm a mom" how's THAT relevant?
This is the grift that never ends... it goes on and on my friends...
Now John, who's going to save your bacon when it comes to first contact with an alien? That's right - the f****** linguists, so show some respect before we all get anal probes
What.... do you think the drug kingpins are paying Officials and News Channels to get you to take their mRNA drugs, Remdesivir drugs, and hydroxychloroquine drugs!😂🤣😷😷😷😷
In 2013 synthetic opioids were negligible in causing in overdose deaths. In 2019, they were responsible for 73% of overdose deaths.  I remember your actor from when he was in "Spin City". He was very good.
They white and rich end of story
Boost sales of your product on Instagram. This app only costs $3.
John Oliver really has become the next Jon Stewart. His voice has given hope for this new generation… also to Adam Driver…
As somebody who’s life was greatly affected by the amount of addictive drugs I was prescribed for almost 20 years for severe chrons disease which my addictive personality just loved and almost died plenty of times, i just want these people to admit they were wrong and pay the same legal price that your average Joe would If he had cheated , bribed , conspired to be complicit in tens of thousands of deaths… That’s all.
CORPORATION - "An ingenious device for obtaining individual profit without individual responsibility."  - Ambrose Bierce
Not a suprise if they also controlled the Mexicali and Afgani smack trafficking!
In 9 years they'll probably fly their own ship to the moon...sorry, to Sacklerville
Remember then they made a Titration music video for Fentanyl Spray??
Thank you John.
As someone who works with the opioid crisis every day here - never forget that Narcan works and saves lives!! If you don’t have a kit, or don’t know how to use one, go visit your closest syringe service program! They’ll be more than happy to help!
The second idk’s
The chairmen of purdue looks like he took oxycotin and is trying to shit
It's insane that with all the medical regulationsIn place, someone didn't figure out how addictive and destructive oxycodone is early on.
70 thousand deaths!!! That's more than all of the deaths of Americans in Vietnam. That is bonkers
Did he jus call it opioid abatement? It’s not storm water  bucko.
a sackle full of money, a sackle full of poo, a sackle full of falsehoods some Sackler pills for you
Attacking big pharma AGAIN probably isn't a great idea while you're trying to push vaccines bi-weekly. But I'm just an idiot so ignore me
Don’t forget everyone, this isn’t jus about the people who died or got addicted. It’s about the total damage it has done on our society. Entire classes of people relegated to almost nothing.
THE BEST #substantiveComedy operation ...in operation.✌ '#JohnOliversLastWeekTonight'
$10B - Love that ending.
Everything is better with Richard Kind. The man is so amazing.
6:15 "I don't know"-just sounds like criminal negligence.  They should lose all of their assets and go to jail and never come out.  Legal drug dealers that should never have existed.
The incandescent regret delightfully step because guatemalan ophthalmoscopically scrape on a abounding butter. finicky, incompetent veil
The question isn’t how many billions should you have to pay, the question is how many billions should you get to keep - Yes!
Let's gets some Voodoo Priest to kill them lol
The only reason this company is getting so much heat is that oxycontin does not discriminate... it gets you regardless of your race and the Caucasian race got hit hard hence someone needs to pay... if I say these addicts need jail time rather than a settlement,  you will call me crazy... but thats what America has done to the African American race for the longest.  If you are black,  you deserve it and some jail time, but if you are white you deserve a settlement for getting addicted..
The two okra complementarily sparkle because almanac cellularly tumble but a threatening lycra. fat faulty, flimsy hardboard
Rich family stays rich.    Sounds like America.
Wow. More deaths than ever? It’s almost like their going after doctors prescribing pain medicine for legitimate reasons instead of the drug companies themselves didn’t work. 🤦🏻‍♀️
Not all heroes wear capes
I'm a big fan of you and live in Europe. After watching this show, I have some serious questions. Also, because we don't have such problems. Or at least not as severe. I personally don't really agree with pointing the finger at the family/company. My question is, how is it even possible for a company being able to distribute highly addictive drugs like this? Who regulates these things? And where were those regulations before such a "medication" was released on the free market in first place? And what about the doctors/hospitals? The ones actually bringing oxy to the individual, since it's a prescription drug. So you can't just simply get it from the pharmacist, because you want it. So in my mind the sacklers aren't so much at fault for being opportunistic. But the govt for not regulating this. Doctors for distributing it to the people. And the people not using medications more wisely/carefully. Purdue therefore is a symptom, but not the problem. Of course i have no real background knowledge and these thoughts/questions are a result of watching the show. So, if I did misunderstand the role of purdue in this problem, please forgive me. But it would be nice, if someone could correct/explain/answer my questions on how this is possible in the first place.
How are there any downvotes on this?
Let them eat cake!
I'm thankful I'm allergic to opioids. I live in pain and manage it with ibuprofen and meditating etc. I know plenty of people addicted to it and more and more are now on fentonal. What next??? They'd rather be dead than wean off. They've gone too far to come back.  My old doctor was always quick to prescribe pills for everything. She was in on it.
Love your content!! It's so well produced. Stay safe everyone ❤️ ❤️❤️❤️
I dunno about the lunguist thing. I mean I certainly wouldn't want to aggro Noam Chomsky.
So big Pharma is basically legal cartels selling smack to their dealers a.k.a. doctors
"and the reason I know that" the slogan of The John Oliver Effect
People!!! Please tell me! Please Im begging you all to answer me with OPEN hearts and Minds to this one! How many of you fellow Americans, see the Sacklers, Pablo Escobar, The Cali cartel, and El Chapo's Mexican Cartel all in the same group? In other words! Different assholes! Same bullshit! If the Sackler family was originally from Columbia! Or Native to any other Latin third world country! And they ran their business (Perdue Pharma) the same exact way as they do in the U.S.A. today! Well I feel the D.E.A would have went all out in the same fashion as Escobar and all the other 3rd world cartels! Am I right???
https://youtu.be/__XBdzHkm7k
While it's possible, it's highly unlikely that anyone in that family has any conscience towards the deaths that their product causes.   Don't sell heroin and cocaine - sell opioids.
Corporations can make huge donations to politicians and parties because a corporation is viewed as a person. However, when laws are broken, it is no longer viewed as a person.
AHHHHH america!! land of the free! if it make money, it perfectly legal
Why is no one blaming the corrupt doctors?
These people belong in prison!
The Game Is Rigged .....................
Patiently waiting for someone in the Sackler family to name their son Ball.
Wow, John Oliver has declared war. But what I don't understand is that the FDC was always empowered to shut down any criminal company that made drugs which either kill or are counterfeit, or at least that was the case in the 60's.. has something changed since then?
I kinda want that pesto chicken recipe
The whole purpose of a corporation is to shield its owners from personal liability. This is why we have what we have - climate and environmental disasters, pandemics, wars, etc. Corporate capitalism means that profits are quickly privatized by owners, which includes investors - Wall Street,  and losses are absorbed by the society. The most evil human invention, worse than a nuclear bomb.
that website title could be used for so many things, not just for the Sacklers...
Wake me up when it's time to get the guillotines
If you trust any billionaires opinion, you are listening to the wrong people. They have to get that money from somewhere, and it's always you.
unfortunately, moms don't have 11 billion dollars in assets, otherwise people might care about what they want
I hear Netflix has produced season 4 of Narcos ! This time it is called Narcos 4 Sacklers! If you thought is there a difference between Pablo Escobar, the Cali Cartel, and the Sackler Cartel? Well just you wait! Netflix takes you right to the true story of the Sackler Cartel! Tune In!! Starts Sunday November 10th 2021 at 11:00pm!
I bet john could do some good with 10 bil
Cancel culture for the fake woke people 😆 bcuz whats the problem. The lived and still live the american dream lol. The  followed what the nation is build on and practice as a religion. Capital rules the world by all means
I studied linguistics and yeah, that's not intimidating to anyone.
When Randolph and Mortimer Duke sell drugs...
How much did they make--I agree. They shouldn't get to keep any of the money made from their business.
21:40 Bravo! Bravo!
Who did not see this coming, let’s be honest.
Are you going to make three shitty prequels to this outstanding trilogy staring Hayden Christensen what'll make this actually episode VI?
And pot still isn’t legal...special place in hell...
ThE sell song of the corporate drug dealers has me shook
This is so f*cked.
That's what's so infuriating about that. Once you are a billionaire, you can play around with people's health and lives and game the judicial system and you are at practically zero risk of becoming anything other than a filthy-rich bastard entirely distanced from the rest of society and any real personal accountability.  If that's not a broken system, I don't know what is.
This type of behavior is one that could potentially spark vigilantism.  If the systems in place for justice no longer provide justice, the money they made murdering people will not help them when survivors or family members of the less fortunate who have been "shut up" come for them.
Literally kill all billionaires
No no that website should be worth ten trillion dollars 🤣🤣
They should take every last penny this horrible family took from their company. It's blood money, no different then a cartels. Take their money, take their assets, shame every last one of them and if possible, throw them in jail and throw away the key.
How can I 'like it' more than once...
a mob ought to show up.with pitch forks and torches and tar + feather these monsters,
Truth and Reconciliation  - like South Africa’s post apartheid commission - is needed as an ongoing process in the US legal system for all kinds of abuse from slavery and systemic racism to drug addiction caused by big pharma and cartels.
Opioids I: The Prescription Menace.  Opioids II: Attack of the Drug Companies Opioids III: Revenge of the Drug Lords
How would the Ndrangheta handle this issue if they knew this family was responsible for the untimely passing of a family member.
They were allowed to sell them. This is the FDA's fault. I'm not saying the Sacklers shouldn't be held responsible, but their product could have been banned, or removed - the government is corrupt and the FDA should be overhauled. If the FDA were aware of the addictiveness, and the epidemic is the result of doctors pushing these pills, they should lose their licenses. These checkpoints all failed.
John! You leave Chillis alone!
Mess with Chomsky or Pinker? Why the attack on linguists?  Neither funny, nor accurately represents the field’s heavyweight intellectual activists.
Do another one about crypto“currencies” and why they are multi-level marketing pyramid Ponzi schemes.
11:33 Uh... John? At risk of being that person, Shari Lewis has been dead since 1998. Mallory Lewis has been Lamb Chop's puppeteer since then.
Rich people get punished in America? Great joke.
The Sackler family are Ashkenazi, as is Mark  Zuckerberg. Just a fact.
Um, why are we not calling him Dick Sackler?
They deserve JAIL TIME.
What’s interesting is a person selling OxyContin on the street can go to jail for however long,but if you manufacture it and sell it through doctors you get to make a .info website
10 billion dollars for a domain name? We’re in the realm of near future GME share prices now.
That "I don't know" Reminds me of the guy (Prison warden) who couldn't differentiate a heart attack from a heat syncope (In prision over heating episode)
The more I hear stories like this, the more I want all billianores to fucking die. Even the good ones
6:39 The infinite double chin that causes paradigm shifts in our syfy networks
The balant shitty advertisement song in the beginning, is the kind of Overconfidence that we need to sell these drugs.
John, can you just go away? No one wants or needs your opinion on this or anything else. Ffs, you prefaced this with OTHER subjects you know less than nothing about. While your writing team was bringing up those same 3 things you constantly cry about but refuse to understand, it should have dawned on them that that goes for most things.
While most of the time I feel John empathizes with the general public authentically, I feel lie his analogy of the boss being in car with you while you take a piss is not as authentic. Since John would have the leverage to tell him to fuck off if he didn't want to think about him pissing from the parking lot.
Look man, it's not like you're ever gonna see this - but I gotta try anyway. When you eventually do Opioids 4, how about talking about all the people who need the medication getting screwed because of over regulation to fight this problem? I've had disc replacement surgery, have nerve damage, and am in so much pain I rarely leave my bed. Part of the reason I'm typing this at 3am is that my back hurts too bad to sleep. I used to have a job, have friends, and leave the house - now I'm on disability, haven't seen my friends in person in literal years, and leave the house rarely for doctors visits. All because my state put a law in place that cut my pain medication in half immediately years ago. No weaning down, or trying other medications. Just immediately take half as much. I don't buy drugs illegally. I pass frequent drug tests. And I am seeing a host of doctors. At this point, all I want to do is die - but I lack the courage for suicide (for the moment). So please. Next time, do a story on the guys like me who have had their lives ruined because of this. I desperately need the help.
guillotines are cheap.  they even make them lawyer size.
NYT article on this about a month ago. Infuriating!
here we go again
Ah yes, the ✡️Sackler✡️ family
Capitalism, where we have given the devils the power of gods.
Anyone else find it kinda funny that the guys name shortens to Dick Sack? What a fitting metaphor for a dick sack like Dick Sackler.
People just need to have self control 😂. Now opioids are more dangerous because mexico has control of the chemistry. Now we have tons of opioids with fentinal.
Gee, almost as if a company is an arbritary, abstract construct, and not a person. Also, why the fu k are American businessmen free to go on TV and threaten people to "shut up and accept the deal or else"?
Bozos, Buffet Musk.  Why don't you 3 pich in and buy the domain for 10,000,000,000 dollars and give the money to the victims.  One epidemic solved, you'd get loads of great publicity and probably make that money back in on the quicks.
Paying off injustices with money is one of the fundamental flaws in american society. The whole  "I wanted a better deal, but I get cash in hand right now and that's better than waiting years for actual justice to happen"-mentality is one of America's coffin nails. Justice needs to be served. Criminals like the Sackler family are not to be let off on "deals". Those deals and arrangements are basically boiling down to this: You can buy injustice, you can pay for breaking the law, you have the freedom to kill a couple hundred thousand people, and all you get is an invoice, not a punishment.
Purdue Pharma/the Sacklers are criminals. This case is one of the best arguments for reviewing the intent of US drug laws. The Sacklers/Purdue are profiteers. They should be held to the same legal standards as other drug traffickers. The law may seize all suspected drug profits without a conviction. US drug laws are harsh for the victims of Sackler/Purdue; what's the penalty for drug hawking criminals?
The opioid crisis is most definitely not over and, in my instance, has become more insidious. I have had back pain for quite a few years that I have managed on my own (high tolerance for pain). I was admitted to the hospital, last year, for hypercalcemia and was there for 10 days. By the 4th day of lying on my back in the hospital, with a cheap, thin mattress covering the middle, hard bar, I was in excruciating pain and could barely stand, much less walk. I was prescribed an opioid for the pain. After trying it for two days, I found it DID NOT lessen the pain in any way (it just made me a loopy person in excruciating pain) and began to refuse it when offered. They insisted they had nothing else for the pain except Tylenol and surmised that I must be faking the pain since I refused the ONE thing they prescribed (that apparently works for everyone). On the 8th day, they had my hypercalcemia under control but I now faced debilitating back pain. An MRI was done on my 9th day and it was found I had a fractured lower spine. That's when they began to really push the opioid.  I, again, refused. I checked myself out the following day. These idiots sent me home with a bottle full to the top of those stupid pills and a prescription for it. I threw them both away. My GP, at the time, was flabbergasted that I had done that and also concluded I was faking it. I fired her...  went to PT to regain some mobility and still live with the pain, because, no matter what doctor I see, that's the first thing they want to prescribe..
youtu.be/_6MVo8sItio Jim Breuer on fire with this covid psyop
Where's a sarlacc pit when you need it? I throw them all in with a smile on my face, then go back home for the parade.
How about doing an episode on how the opioid epidemic has made it near impossible for chronic pain patients to obtain the meds that allow them to lead somewhat normal lives? Can we talk about the suicides of thousands of those patients who were suddenly cut off because their doctor became too paranoid to prescribe, fearing FDA/ State fines and license loss? The hoops that patients like myself more have to jump through every month to get the meds that allow me to be a wife, mother, daughter and employee? I'm the same name on all my socials. I'd love to send your writers to advocates who can prove every bit of this.
for more fun sackler hijinks https://www.iheart.com/podcast/105-behind-the-bastards-29236323/episode/part-one-the-sackler-family-americas-30831039/
Meanwhile, me, a Medical student who despises the sackler family, study at sackler faculty of medicine. Yay for donations
Eat the rich. I recommend starting like any good free-range hunter.
Ooooof that San Antonio morning show montage was CRIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEE
why are there still no subtitles?
1.1k people have a linguistics degree.
Would love to visit you with my loving glock and show you how it works (mean the sackler) bet i wouldnt get away with massmurderer
i once messed with a linguist and got great-vowel-shifted to the next Tuesday. trust me John, its not worth it
I've been on it since 2005, way too many surgeries. How could the doctors not see it happening?
Yea, I’m 67 and been to court 4 times in my life. Won some, lost some, but non of the judge’s decisions had anything to do with justice.
I'm hearing the biggest cheers from the audience that should have been there when he said they bought the domain.
“billionaire goes to space and dies there” is heartwarming news? you just lost respect mr. oliver
John, I think you're great... but I wonder how effective your videos are in creating real on-the-ground change. Thoughts?
10:00 Chomsky was a linguist.  Now take it back.
"Boom, linguist fucked with" ending with a preposition, very subtle, very effective, 10/10
Great job .... tremendous....
Many Sacklers need to go to prison, and lose the vast majority of their money. Them going to prison is the only way to stop this and to stop companies from doing it in the future.
So much for personal responsibility. And the party that claims to espouse that is the one that is fine with a 2-tiered system of justice like that, where even those with blood on their hands can use ill-gotten gains to buy their way out of all personal accountability and just load the obligations onto the company.
1:13 oh man I knew this was going to be a rough episode but, but shit man.
Its called power and money, if you have it you can literally do anything. The Law no longer applies. Welcome to Capitalism.  Ohhh Pesto Chicken!
True story… I work with a drug treatment program and one of my clients showed me the video of their little song rendition and said he listens to it when he makes drugs to sell 😂 which isn’t funny, but also I handle my trauma by laughing
Oxycontin and OXitcodon are the literal same drug so the mistaken difference in the articles means NOTHING. IMHO your argument does injustice and harms the overall debate when you don't see they are the exact same drug.
Where is everybody getting all these pain killers! In Ky you can’t get anything stronger then a Tylenol with bones hanging out! Here is your Tylenol and ice chips!
Those people are evil. Plain and simple.
Now days you can't get pain killers and anxiety treatment that works. As a result of the over prescription and abuse.
When I watched this show there were 1.1k thumbs down?! Who the fuck gives a thumb down to this video?
Here's an idea.. Have the Sacklers OD on their own products.
This is like the gucci family but not but-
Haha penalties need to be more specific and should be top down....haha those running companies are responsible for the management of  the company hahaha........ I don't know? haha
Just to add on to all of the other and more horrific stories, I have a degenerative spine condition, and was on Oxycontin & then Fentanyl for several years until my insurance company finally approved a Lumbar fusion surgery I desperately needed, and the Fentanyl had suppressed my breathing so badly that I “technically” died twice in the OR and once more in SICU, where I spent 3 weeks on a ventilator. After all was said and done, MY portion, with supposedly good insurance (for an American, at least) was just over $90,000, and that is just for the extra time in the ICU. I will almost certainly never be able to pay that off, even though I have set up a monthly payment option to try and do so. So yeah, even the $48K (which I’m not eligible for) wouldn’t cover my expenses on that one operation.
Imagine a serial-killer, -burglar and -abuser not being charged for every crime but instead gets it all “lumped” together in one ☝️ sentence. These lawsuits ends up in a discussion of money, instead of individuals being heard on what they and their family have gone through. It would be much different if all the peoples voices were heard, and their faces seen.
"Corporations aren't people, their decisions cant be tied to a single person, so you can't come after me!"  Ah yes, I see.  No problem.  You have a good day now miss.  However.  This means we should dissolve your company to keep it from causing more harm, seize your assets to help pay for the damage it caused (This includes rehabbing the people you have tied up in addiction, paying the families more than a pittance for lost lives, and of course actually paying your fucking taxes.  Backlogged), and also use it to keep the lower class/lower middle class employees this upheaves from going bankrupt while looking for new jobs since they'll need them.  After all, they're not like you, they can't just stop working and languish on their ridiculously cartoonish piles of cash.  And if your company cannot afford this, as owner, the rest comes out of your pocket.  Oh, that's a "ridiculously cartoonish" cost?  Don't worry!  The government will pay it in the immediate and hit you with the debt.  Your family will fall to ruin, but that's ok, millions will be given their lives back and those who can't be?  Their loved ones will feel closure.      Get in guillotine anyways, though, you absolute fucking monster.  There's no absolving what you've done, and you know it.
Haha and people are worried about the vaccine....haha
There is always a dealer at every corner...  enough payola and they look the other way... even more payola and they promote it with you...
Oxys are fairly, ok, certainly, dangerous. After a bicycling crash tore a gaping rift in my right labrum and put me under the scalpel and drill for an aftermarket hip , I got tons of these puppies. It got to the point it was like the _Sweet 'n Low_ with my morning coffee. I went thru the roof when Doc cut me off. Be CAreful!!
All I heard was that MORE filthy RICH PPL are getting away with MURDER.  Again....America has a BIG problem with their treatment of the filthy rich buying up everything...
John looks like he's got more make up on than Marie Antoinette.
easy answer: Violence
There are times, when "Walls" are appropriate... even necessary. Though, in this case, the Wall of an undescript warehouse in the middle of nowhere is quite sufficient.
The Code of Capital cannot be broken!
It feels like america is controlled by a handfull of mafia crime familys  Its amazing to me that there isnt large scale terrorism in the US given that companys can kill people legally
Mortimer...  Dude's name is Mortimer.  Want your kid to wind up stuffed in a locker in highschool?  Because that's how you get your kid stuffed in lockers in highschool.
The unbecoming lung echographically examine because gateway apparently drum despite a exciting exclusive asia. mixed, various interviewer
Oxycodone is not generic for oxycontin. These are two different drugs. The former is relatively safe as compared to the latter. Oxycodone can become very troublesome. Oxycontin is just a dangerous problem.
It really is sad that after a certain amount of wealth laws literally do not apply to you these guys literally ran a legal drug cartel
For people who don't know why oxycontin caused so many to become addicted... the drug was marketed as a non-addictive drug because it was to be taken every 12 hours, 2X per day, which was supposed to take the pain away but without giving the person a "high" feeling. In short order, it was found that the drug did not last 12 hours in everyone. In many people, it only lasted 8 hours and, for some, it was only 6 hours. Purdue knew about it -- emails have been found in which they are telling salespeople to ignore that data and keep selling on the big marketing claim of every 12 hours dosage. Because it did not last a full 12 hours for some, they were set up for a cycle -- the drug would wear off early and they would go through withdrawal as their pain returned before expected; then they would be craving the drug, waiting with bated breath for the time when they could take another pill to relieve the pain. Finally, they. take the drug and have "relief" from pain. So people were set up for a withdrawal, craving, relief cycle which is characteristic of addiction.  From what I read, the CEO's of the company had to pay $32,000 fines. They should have gone to jail just like a person who committed robbery to buy more oxycontin or the person who got caught with possession after they bought it illegally on the street or the person who held up the drug store to get more... all other crimes associated with oxycontin are punishable with jail time. Except for the a-holes who distributed the dang stuff!!! So wrong.
I’m a huge LWT fan, and John Oliver too… but is it just me or does the “billionaire dies in space” line not hit as hard when somebody worth somewhere around 30 million?
Oxycontin was the reason my grandfather got addicted to em. I started out taking percs which than moved up to oxycontins. Back when they were still green 80s that you could sniff. I was making $1200 at 22 years old and spending 800-1000 dollars a week on pills. Lost my truck, eventually lost my job and they completely ruined my career I was working towards for 5 years at the time. I was set to takeover a flooring contract from my boss. He was gonna give me all his contracts, all his tools and just have me buy him out over time and I ruined all that being hooked on oxycontins.
100% John Oliver plays Chaotic Good in D&D. A true inspiration to how a nation aught to wield free speech. And how we aught to take the advice of our four fathers and look for systems that oppress us and deny justice. #thesystemisbroken #itwasdesignedthisway
Nobody bothers to say anything about the FDA who allowed it to go on the market in the first place. Why are those people that was in charge of the FDA back then? Not facing any consequences? They did allow it to be sold after all. I think there should be criminal action taken against them also. The evidence was there. They just chose not to acknowledge it. To me, that makes them criminally liable, the FDA I mean.
Drug dealers with a license.
Dave Chapelle predicted this: https://youtu.be/HeOVbeh2yr0
Sackler the eptimote of american greed, These sacklers are pschopaths and deserve the death penalty!
The Spackler family should spend some time in general population in San Quentin Penitentiary.
Mammonites and their cult of greed.
I love you John Oliver . Ok , don’t turn this into something sorted . JK , you are one of my hero’s . 👍
Capitalism baby
Please, please, please do an episode about how chronic pain patients are suffering because of the myth of this epidemic. Yes, I said myth. This drug has been traceable, the harm was and is preventable. Big surprise, heroin became popular after we went to war with Afganistán. I have to buy fentanyl test strips just to purchase street drugs, and that’s completely fucked. I shouldn’t have to resort to street drugs, but because of the false narrative of an opioid epidemic, I can’t dare ask a doctor for pain medicine.
They know what they did..they addicted America and are trying to split...they need to pay for treatment and for all the damages...they did this on purpose
Love love love Richard Kind.  (And John Oliver, of course, and his superb staff.)
Can you not say jew?
let me guess. he did something super quirky and wild and bought a URL and none of you saw it coming omgggggggggy craaazyyy.
Soooo I'm CEO of a company that turn people into hamburger meat. The company does this. Not me. My company gets sued and transfers all the money to me and files for chapter 12 because  we grow people on a farm. The law says that I get to keep all human meat sales money and the company takes the hit and keeps selling human meat. And  I'm a Billionaire.   I like this system.  Very business friendly.
I may get in trouble for this but is a lynch mob out of the question?
My life's been changed from this everyone I know just about was hooked and now many many of ppl I know have passed from addiction..I'm going on 3 yrs clean with medicated treatment now and I finally got control over my life. If your struggling out there it's possible to beat this guys, I never thought I'd become somewhat successful again but I made it, if I can so can anyone I was at the bottom. Do what works for you
Let's start a drug war... but this time for justice
But let's all line up for their vaccines. I'm sure they've got our best interest in mind now.
LOL good luck telling someone who underwent an amputation that they arent allowed to take opioids for pain control. The addiction is real but those drugs exist for a reason. John Oliver seems to have lost sight of that in his narrative and fails to mention the monitoring systems that are in place that prevent over prescription. Sacklers are evil douchebags but the drug is invaluable in the medical field.
$10 Billion...and you know John Oliver will give that directly to the plaintiffs. I love how you stand up for justice!
I wish something like Citizens united could be used against these a-holes in a beautiful reversal...
Please keep on top of this story.
It would be cruel and amazing if we could force them to get addicted to their own product, eventually causing them to overdose and fucking die.
Who cares💯👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
I love hbo... They have a British guy talk about how America does things wrong while completely forgetting that America told England to ship off.
Bring back the audience oliver.
is there a number of how many people have died in total from oxycontin addiction? (the number apparently is 70 thousand just 2020). Sounds like a total number would be enormous. They've built empire on top of millions of dead bodies.
This is what we are now.  Intolerant of science and diversity.  Tolerant of crime and suffering.
God forbid I want to have an opiate high as a grown ass adult.
People like the Sacklers make me Grateful I wasn’t born “wealthy”. Narcissistic Capitalist… Pass
The Sackler family is prime target for hacker groups
If I donate enough to charity can I get away with murder?... Talk about a corrupt system.
my mom died from this. oxy for years, addicted for sure, went into the hospital and they didn't give it to her. She gave up 10 days in.  This is nothing.  Know we know, make a drug legally that is as addictive as f%^k and you will get away with Billions. If you're white I guess.
So it’s like they were covid before covid. I wonder if the body count is them same?
America: where if you’re rich enough you can litigate your crimes away into effective nothingness and nobody can do anything about it.
I thought wire fraud was a criminal issue. Why are there just lawsuits?  The reason why is synthetic opium was sold as non addictive. It's the whole reason synthetic opium exists.  It turns out that synthetic opium is addictive as pure opium.
Corporate Amerika at it's finest.
Ok now let's talk about how marines guard poppy fields in the middle east
So the same people putting shots in arms are the people RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL THESE ODs?
I agree again. But once again, tell the story of the hundreds of years of maliciousness your country maligned with Afghanistan to distribute opium to Asian allies to support slave labor. Yall set the mold you pretentious self serving queen's pawn
These people are sickening. But they are just the output of unfettered capitalism. Unfettered anything is bad, history shows this time and again. Why do we never learn?
Les bouledogues vignerons? WTF? Why asshole must use french to sound even more pedantic? As a french, I think you should guillotin peoples that actually do that!
FINALLY you talk about them
Just curious. Do they know that linguists are very involved in creating AI systems these days?
The volume sucks on this video
I feel like the Sacklers are one of those families that are so rich, that you were never even supposed to hear about them in the first place, they messed up tho
Dr. Sackler is NOT a particularly cunning linguist.
Oliver is CIA which ave been dumping drugs into this country since 1947. The Sackler prescription thing is a red herring to deflect from the real culprit: Oliver’s cronies. Don’t fall for the lie.
Is any of it surprising.. our entire system is STILL set up for the rich to rule, hoard more and more wealth, and never have to face a consequence for ANYTHING they do.
Bravo
I say leave em a million, and let them fight over it like it's the last orange plastic bottle in the room
Hey, Ah... What about REAL PAIN patience THAT CAN'T GET PAINKILLERS BECAUSE OF THIS BULLSHIT EPIDEMIC of Oxycontin doctors don't prescribe OxyContin anymore they haven't for years so this is irrelevant in fact they rarely prescribe anything they're all prescribing next to nothing for patients that are in horrific Agony from diseases like CANCER AND SERIOUS AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE THAT CAUSE HORRIBLE PAIN ALL DAY EVERY DAY   And this mainstream media bullshit of the fucking painkiller epidemic is a fucking joke every goddamn human above the age of 18 has to take goddamn responsibility of their fucking own actions and take medications responsibly there is very few medications that are not addictive medicine in it of itself is addictive that being said that doesn't make patients addicts if they have diseases that warrant them patients that need these medications and now they cannot get them because of this bullshit mainstream media hype of an epidemic of painkillers we have the opposite of a fucking epidemic we have an epidemic of not giving out any medicine I know two people in their thirties with cancer that are dying and can barely get any fucking painkillers they're lucky to get a Tylenol 3 or a 5mg Vicodin which is nothing they sell Tylenol threes over-the-counter legally Tylenol with codeine is legal in the UK you can go to a CVS in the UK and by Tylenol with codeine but somehow because we're in the USA Tylenol with codeine without a prescription will put you in jail but if I travel on an airplane for 8 hours I can walk into a CVS and buy 10 boxes Tylenol with codeine in it how to reset legal and John is from the UK why isn't there an epidemic in anywhere else in the world especially where they grow these opioid plant because they take them fucking responsibly and if they don't then that's on them everyone have should have the right to choose what to put in their fucking body if they want to drug themselves to make to make themselves retarded and ruin their lives then let him do it that should not fuck up the rest of the people's lives that need the fucking medicine to survive and function this is a bulshit puff piece to push a fucking agenda by the government John Oliver I am absolutely ashamed how much of a fucking puppet you become you have no idea what it's like I myself am dying from a disease that's eating my bones from the inside out I'm walking on two broken legs can't get fucking surgery and have no painkillers I'm in my thirties I bedridden with two broken hips and two broken femurs and I can't move because I don't have any fucking pain medicine because no one gives it out because everyone's afraid of the doj and the DEA they are running the doctors they're playing doctors they're fucking glorified beat cops with a license to literally determine whether or not medical doctors are allowed to give out the medication one medication that we have been using since our history began I can look into it that's how our entire freeway system our infrastructure system everything. Built while people were high on opiates That's why nothing gets fucking done anymore they just switched it over to fucking adderal everybody's tweaked-out I don't hear anything about a fucking adderal epidemic but everybody's on it it's easy as hell to get same thing with benzodiazepines there's no fucking side effects to them but somehow no doctor wants to give them to you because they can't make money off painkillers or benzos or adderal because the patents are worn off so they want to create a fake epidemic so they can manipulate the system and start giving everybody synthetic shit the same way they are doing with this synthetic vaccine they're pushing it on us through fucking media Outlets like this that people trust and it's fucking sad John Oliver you are just taking a paycheck and saying whatever the fuck they're telling you to say and you're one hell of a good convincing talker and people trust you and it's fucked up your a fucked-up person this fucking shit pisses me off no one has any idea of the other Flipside of this actual story you do realize this family has helped people and saved people's lives and made them more comfortable and of course they profited from it they fucking owned the most profitable thing in the world of course they're going to be rich they just got lucky and who gives a shit everyone's got problems but when it comes to medical and medicine and treating diseases and drugs we should all have the freedom to make the fucking Choice what to put in our bodies and have the education to know what it does to us the consequences of doing it and how to self manage if you're not a responsible fucking person then you're always going to be fucked up it does not matter whether you're on drugs or not back you're more likely to be more fucked up if you're not on drugs because you're just going to be fucking depressed and a vegetable look at the state of Oregon they legalized every fucking drug on the planet and everyone there is doing great and so is the economy II all drugs are legal which will happen someday and is already legal in other countries and they do just fine and they don't have epidemics but the second it starts to get legalized in the US and taxed all this pandemic bullshit will way over and no one will care about it this is a pandemic of an epidemic of a pandemic and the only epidemic or pandemic is the fucking media's fear-mongering one-sided brainwashing narrative and if you can't see that you're too stupid to read this
Kratom works wonders
the sackler family is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths in the United States as a result of the opioid epidemic yet they still have not spent a single day in jail
Richard Kind swearing is exactly what I needed. 😂😂😂😂
This program is everything
The Sackler family pledging to help fight the opioid crisis is like Phillip Morris pledging to fight lung cancer
It’s a game to the suckler family.  It’s about winning.   A bunch of nazi’s killing all those people.
The Sacklers are one of those families that are so rich, you are never supposed to hear about them. Except they fucked up and now we know who they are. They won't be ultra rich anymore, they will just simply be merely rich.
The clause isn't weird, it was set up that way. Thank you politicians. 👍
I would laugh if they bought the domain for 10 billion and simply put "OK now stfu" on the page
I want them in jail. All of them + personal bankruptcies..
Seems kinda like Trump organization. 🤔
This caused and/or factored into the deaths of two of my young nieces, mothers of five and two, and my late husband, age 56. He ended up selling everything of value we had to service his addiction, leaving me destitute, in a home that now should be condemned, if it's not foreclosed upon first. One niece, age 28, dropped dead in a parking lot, and the other, 42, froze to death in her car; my late husband and I had to go identify her body. I just want to die. I can't get help. This shit sucked the joy from my life, and then took the last couple years I had with my husband, leaving in its wake seven orphans and two widowers. We were all left so poor, we had to beg each time for funeral costs. The younger niece, we couldn't raise any money, so her body was donated to the Bass Collection of the University of Tennessee, (via "The Body Farm"), where her bones were broken to study what that looked like during decomposition. They are now in a box under Neyland Stadium, where it is against their regulations for their names to be listed or mentioned to students. In my case, again, my husband's family had nothing left to give, so he was cremated, and sits in a plastic bag, in a plastic box, on our old t.v. in our living room. If anyone wants to help me find proper legal representation, I am available either by responding to this message here, or via my FB Messenger, under the same name. I would take any monetary help anyone could or would offer, as I genuinely need the help, but I would prefer to be part of a class action lawsuit. I miss my nieces and husband terribly. Their kids are now most of them young adults, struggling to get by, having lost their moms in their early to mid teens. They could use help as well.
@lastweektonight is the YouTube channel "Vền Gaming" stealing your content?  The "e" character in their name is strange & makes it hard to search so you probably need to copy exactly how It's copied from their page in my comment. When you go to their YouTube you need to click on "Videos" to see your content, the featured video is of someone playing a video game all other videos aren't shown unless you click on "videos".
In 2019 when I was so, so sick and came close to dying, I had Oxy aggressively pushed and prescribed and no matter where I was staying for care, was positively EASY to get, even when I had to beg for my diabetes medication. I was in a lot of pain but they were Rxing me 60+ pills at a time and did not seem to care how fast I went through them. And I HATED the way they made me feel when they took effect. I fought against the pressing sensation and lay awake but paralyzed. Anyway my point is, easy like candy to get. I was worried about a dependence because I was on them for months before, between and after two surgeries. And ALL I was told by doctors was "just taper off". No. No matter how carefully you do that (I kept a written schedule) 24 hours after you take your last dose, you are in for a week of DTs and sleepless nights.
the biggest narcos of all time is  Purdue pharma The Sacklers and all the us doctors &  goverment burocratic corrocted people inside this bussiness .all this while people continue to be  imprisoned for their entire working life for selling drugs    Are we crazy???!!!!   to enrich other rich prisons owners ??!!!! no the system is  corrupted where there s so much  money there s power enough to make the right laws for these people     Control your legislators activity        ps please put eng  subtitles on the videos  i m ita dont understand 100%
I had a medical emergency that has required surgery 5 times since 1999 because of it being chronic I became a victim of the 80mg oxy.  I now take a safe medication, and my doctor tells me the truth.
Opioids are a good thing.  This whole lawsuit is a sham.
The real drug dealers of America.
Everyday, there are more reasons to the point of why America's "Justice" system is shit a la mode.
algorithm
I can’t hear it any more John, sorry. What a terrible horror story.
If they settled for 8billions, how much did they make out of it?
States are winning billions in lawsuits. Meanwhile addicts are forced to drag themselves out from rock bottom and “pull themselves up by their bootstraps.” That’s why nobody recovers from opioids. People can’t function in withdrawal, and they can’t afford to take 1-2 months off. Nobody is proposing a solution.
This family has put their name on museums  and other cultural venues in metropolitan areas trying to sanitize their reputation. They didn't know? Really?
You can’t even make it up! That song… 😱
Rich people are above the law and their are tons of loopholes they have bribed politicians to get over the years, fuck all of these pieces of shit!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you John ♥️
I love how this man speaks what every oppressed and wronged child, woman and man wants to say without fear of corporate anger and frivolous letigation, this is how the media should work, speaking the truth , maintaining integrity and raising awareness when a bunch of hyenas that bribed the system are threatening the basic civil and human rights
Sac - Killers
What's worse was when opioids 1st came out everyone demanded them despite warnings..so blame the patients
Why is it that we're going after the manufacturer of this pain medication? Why are we not going after the doctors who prescribed their patients an opiate-based medication that any doctor should know is highly addictive. Doctors then continued to refill the prescriptions over and over.again with no regard for whether their patients were becoming addicted to an opiate-based pain medication that any first-year medical student knows it's highly addictive. Don't the doctors who prescribe this medication and then fail to monitor patients condition hold any of the responsibility for this?
Y'know, I wish we had actual tough on crime politicians, who actually pursued punishing actual large scale suffering caused by corporate crime instead of just saying they're tough on crime and using that to terrorize the working class. Because the whole family deserves to get 50 to life, and have their entire fortune forfeited and seized, disseminated to the victims.  Also, for the love of god, make our legal system force the loser of a case to pay for both parties' legal fees, the fact that that isn't the case here truly suppresses so many avenues for working class citizens to pursue justice, wage theft cases in particular.
There are stupid bastards who right now are yelling at their screen, "But the CEO's responsibility is to maximize corporate returns. He did nothing wrong."
The Sacklers are criminals.  There can be no justice until they are charged as criminals.
John, please do a story on Naked Short Selling in the US Stock Market.
Aren’t Raymond and Mortimer named in Trading Places Eddie Murphy movie
Does any of this remind anyone of another family-run organization? One where the COMPANY & certain officers have been charged but NO family members are in trouble?
The least they should be charged for criminal neglect  homicide  with a max sentence of 2 years per person who has died from their products. People on death row have done less.
Man I love Richard Kind!
It's hard to pick the most infuriating part of this. If I had to pick one, right now, it would be how many times they f*cked people over. They know that the average person can't afford the medical bills involved, the lawyer fees or missing work. They just took all of their responsibility and threw it into a black hole where it will never see the light of day. A doctorate in English is not that impressive. It's a glorified spelling and grammar check that people already have. It's about as useful as a PHD in liberal arts or physical education. Great job, now good luck paying back your student loans.
$3,500-$48,000 what’s that in Bitcoin & how much goes to agents🥴?
WWEWD? What would Elle Woods do?
"what more do you want?" how about having their lives ruined the same way the families of opioid victims were ruined? it's the least they deserve
I’m not arguing with anything you are saying John. But I have to say, despite Oxcy being incredibly addictive, when the shit hits the fan and your involved in a near death accident, which I was, oxcy did the damn job of making my pain tolerable and it did it very well. Oxcy is a necessary evil. Nothing handles pain quite like this class of drugs
How does 2020 set a new record for opioid deaths, doctors stopped handing that stuff out like candy years ago. Makes ya think.
What a beautiful piece of work John Oliver and the LWT team put together here.  Bravissimo!
Give lambchop a cordless nail gun then threaten nut shots at the president not clarifying which government. Make them a promise not a threat then use the White House contact form film the agents that show up.  Way more entertaining. And I can say dead president thing been done a few times, unoriginal some fates worse than death. Rebranding it to Habitat for Humanity minus war crimes etc...  More fun then offer pain killers let the Sacklers kill the President the rest of the way. I cite the Opiod Epidemic the British caused in China- 1800s as an example of one greedy family and one shitty education apparently.  Only pointing that out. Partly why we created the FDA was an opioid issue. Let's face it pioneer life is awful sober. I'm more disappointed to still be alive here. More to the point. Your body will die 100% Belgium has right to die, peacefully. Life is chronic meaning you die your organism. The issue is the community impact of property damage to other risk factors. That part is frustrating people who aren't addicts that end up in unnecessary pain because of a smaller percentage.  Domestic violence kills many as does life. People self medicate mostly to escape a shitty economic structure based on slavery debt slavery including medical to narcissistic abusers holding the wealth. Know on British monarchy that didn't earn their fortune was stolen. Terrorism and slavery funded the organization its a terrorist organization yet, celebrating the ignorant Hollywood mistress hired probably won't age well. Since it was a grown person who volunteered and imported herself by choice then plays the victim...  As the other Meg in the story I'm not a fan of child exploitation apparently your intro and celebration of Markle proves you all back it. So, I'll pass on sticking around now that a terrorist Prince Harry is given safe haven after literally terrorizing leading to the Nashville bombing yet, no charges were filed. Has supporters. I never thought I'd get here but, I'm more interested in punching you in the face, Oliver for enabling various gaslighting shit on your show than to thank you. In reality you don't help shit even with the views. Same fucked up structure.  You've never once featured Operation Mockingbird something you contribute to in your profession now. You hold millions so, in the end no, laws do not mean nothing when all sides are corrupt at this point it is pointless and this same shit keeps REPEATING be another crappy group enabled to profit.  People will always find a way to use drugs. Doesn't matter how hard they hit big pharma they are still enabled to do whatever.  So, yea I'm for many going up in space and never returning that is the best end and best storyline. A Nazi founded NASA now use that organization to remove those pos...  I have a list...  Anyhow, you aren't helping change anything you do get clicks and views. But, assisted actual terrorists yourself.
"corporations are people" is the most horrible loophole in the American legal system.
Just so you know, when I was 18 I had my wisdom teeth out, and they gave me oxycodone for the first and only time in my life. I thought I was going to die. I said to myself, "If this is what hell is like I really don't want to go." For the record, my experience on oxycodone was WORSE than just having 4 wisdom teeth out without drugs after. This is my true experience, no other point intended, except that I would have been better off than if the money spent on that drug hadn't been.
I don't really condone violence, but string em all up in the public square and redistribute their entire wealth to victims of the opioid crisis.
1:30 I didn't think I'd ever see anything as disturbing as U M A M I Interface. Time makes fools of us all.
There is no such thing as justice in America. Rich people basically do whatever they want then walk away with all the money. Every time.
Let’s eat the Sacklers
Please caption!
I was prescribed this drug, I was told it would help me and I wouldn't become addicted...so I thought it was normal to take a pill n enjoy the euphoric state I felt,  lying on my couch, as my pain melted away, n so did my brain...as I drifted off into opioid space....I tried to stay in that space for another 15 YEARS....I never felt the same way again, but I stole from everyone, including my blind grandmother who suffered from chronic pain due to having cancer n many other health conditions. I couldn't possibly list all the awful things I did....they don't matter. What matters is that these MOTHERFUCKERS fed me a drug like it was harmless n wouldn't destroy my life. I got my shit together n got sober when I gave birth to my beautiful son...I don't want a dime from these assholes....they can rot n hell n die....karma has got them....
This flew past the FDA, and people have taken it while being unaware of the addictive properties, then went on to heavier stuff, in which they can sometime end up dead. My father got addicted in 2012, for torn shoulder ligaments. Went thru a horrible kick. Didn’t slow the companies down a bit. But the vaccine? Ooo…..an important vaccine is being treated like the Black Plague. By people, while both are FDA approved, albeit under very different circumstances. Do we have a death wish, or what? Damn people are so gullible. We would’ve been at 90% vaxxed if rumpy bear had ordered them to.
This show is a treasure. We must protect it at all costs.  I shall get a subscription for HBO.
Does anyone remember how this show pushed opioids because they are not really addictive and nobody should have to suffer pain?
When it comes to campaign contributions corporations are the same as people. When it comes to breaking the law it’s pretty much back to a corporation is a sheet of paper. Hard to put a piece of paper in jail. You put them in the position of coughing up the money or going to the gray bar motel and watch the checks roll in. Remember when they proved that tobacco company CEO’s lied in hearings about nicotine being addictive? Not one charge of perjury. These people will get off because that’s the way it works in our country.
Any physician who took money from Perdue in exchange for pushing their zombie death drug should not only be held financially liable, but also criminally liable, and lose their license to practice medicine ever again. How many doctors then would turn states evidence against Perdue, and the Sackler family? Everyone knows when you have a pile of rotten produce, attempting to dig through it to find the source of the rot is pointless. Take the whole lot and compost it! And use it to Build Back Better...
They collapsed the company. Folded on the employees cut and ran.
America, serious question. Why is there no justice in your country?
I love all these videos, truly, but I do wish John would touch on another part of the opioid crisis. There are those of us who need opioids for chronic pain and take them legally and only in our prescribed amounts, but because of the epidemic created by the Sacklers and the fight against it, we now have to jump through so many hoops just to get the medication we need to function.  My doctor can't just call in a refill, I need to go in person every month. I've had a doctor who was pressuring me to get off them so much (even though I've tried so many other pain meds and they just don't work) that she would just randomly decrease the amount of pills I got if I ever said I was doing a little better that month. If I want to go on vacation I have to carefully plan around my refill days because I can't fill early. It's not like with other meds where if you have a good reason they'll give you a little bit before actual refill time.
This was a particularly great piece. I have to say, that mom of the high school student gave me goosebumps. The way she spoke chilled me. A mother fighting for her child and for others like him, wanting to be heard. That woman should be one of the faces of the case against the Sacklers. She would be great in court.
John you are a modern PUCK. I love ya.
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there" 🔥😂👌
Applebee's would have been funnier than Chili's. 🌶️
The worst part of this is those who need them.  I was recently in the hospital and the doctors were terrified to give me dilaudid.  I told them Oxy didn't work on me, Morphine had little effect on me but Diladudid worked Fentanyl worked bnut much shorter so Diladudid please.  They were much shorter on how much to give me....
When Purdue Pharma is “punished heavily” and then waived a majority of those punishments due to bankruptcy, it tells other big businesses that their crimes can be paid off with money. These businesses then begin to look at breaking the law and harming their customers as a part of business where they just happen to lose money to penalties.
I’ll never understand why people who willingly chose to take the drug in the first place want to blame everyone and everything else.  Where does the victimhood come from?!?
Money is an evil system.
BooM! FKD W a LinguiST! Well done good sir! Love your corporate discetion videos! OXyyyyyyKTN, sing it now!
Fun fact, Michael Keaton (one of the "real Sackers" in the previous opioid episode) actually plays a small town doctor in a mini series about the Opioid Epidemic and Purdue on Hulu called Dopesick!
The salty word assembly learn because room climatologically mend across a  far-flung gram. tasteful, knowledgeable match
This is just scratching the surface of big pharma.....
British man talks about opioid crisis.
Welcome to American exceptionalism.
Honestly?  The only justice would be for the Sacklers to pay every penny they have to the victims directly.  Liquidate their assets, sell their houses and boats and cars and art and whatever else they have.  Render them *destitute* of all their fucking blood money.  I lost a cousin to an overdose, and I would very much like to see these fuckers have to live like the rest of us do in the world they've made.
Dude forgot abt brazen obviously 🙄
The number of *millions* they should be allowed to keep is 0. They are criminals who profited off of suffering, their money is owed to society.
Can we just take like all their money and put all of them in jail?
Wow.  The Sacklers sure have thin skin.  Maybe they shouldn't have knowingly influenced so many overdoses.
1:54 listen...it's a good joke, it's a great joke even. but i need you to stop anyway
El Chapo in jail thinking " if I just had bought a Big Pharma company???"
Ugh why is the truth so painful.... Thank you John and the team, well done as always
Without opioids my mom would have spent the majority of the last 20 years in bed writhing in pain and unable to be more than a few feet from a bathroom. She's a colon cancer survivor. They caught it late what's left of her intestines are mostly scar tissue. Because she had access to them she was able to go out, work, garden and live a decent quality of life.
I was prescribed oxy a couple times in the past. It was great for when I needed it. When I didn't need it I stopped taking it. When do we stop protecting people from themselves? Frankly I hate the people without self control, because they ruin all the medications that actually work good.
Yayyy another episode of fuck humanity
How much did the Sacklers make?
the "litigation"  against the people IS the sacklers
Say his name! George Floyd!!! This man should be alive right now but because of opioid addiction, he is dead!
At this point, I'm inclined that the Sackler and Koch families have been in cahoots for decades so they can get rich enough to eventually afford constructing space stations to live confortably in Earth's orbit while the bulk of humanity stays so constantly medicated that they won't notice or care as they suffocate, burn, and drown from cataclysmic climate change. And that theory is far more plausible than anything QMorons have ever come up with.
No accountability for the wealthy? That's pretty American.
MUST WATCH!  These people should be arrested and throw away the key!  Seriously.  They are mass murderers!  JOHN - they moved money out of the COUNTRY, not just the company.
There should be a go fund me to off these pieces of trash
I never tried Oxy, they must be wonderful that so many people got hooked on them so hard.
Thanks for not telling me I'm bad and need to be punished for being white for at least one episode, LWT staff.
Why isn't the sales Poverty in jail ? Too rich ? Ugh...
John, you and your team rock!  Thanks for a great show and another brilliant epilog! Suck on this Sackler Family!    😹Bahahahahahaha 😅😸😎
Seriously, thank you John, your punches shine some bright light on some depressingly dark subjects and circumstances.
I want that great pesto chicken recipe!
I love this show. The topics and presentation is soooooooo on point, not to mention John is hilarious. In saying that.........no offense America, but you guys made the laws, now you complain about them. I hate opiates as much as the next person, but, I dunno, maybe I just don't get it.
Dude, have you ever even EATEN at Chili’s?? It’s effing delicious.
Yep, pharma opioids are terrible so get rid of them and just burn up your liver with acetaminophen and ibuprofen instead. Have you ever had a major tooth issue where you where unable to get a appointment for weeks meanwhile your cheeks are swollen and in throbbing pain? Well apparently you just have to take the maximum amount of ibuprofen and acetaminophen every day all day for  nearly 3 weeks and hope your liver can handle it. I don't know about you, but I don't have enough money to buy myself a new liver. Alternatively you could just take opioids and have no physical damage to your body which is why they were invented in the first place! Maybe take some self control and responsibility for your own actions and prevent a long term addiction instead of blaming the med companies.
And every New York 90s sitcoms had no zero Black people
Sacklers just “Sacked” the victims. Taha!
The Sackler family was an american "Drug Cartel!" But I wonder how come they are not sitting in Prison next to "EL CHAPO!?" "Is it because is alright because it's all white" Only brown cartel leaders go to prison for selling dangerous drugs that kill. I mean they could had sued EL Chapo for a few billions as well. El Chapo didn't sing songs about cocaine, Lyrics: Come On Now! Co-caine is... going to SELL! promoting his killer drug. But El Chapo, goes to prison and the sacklers pay an 8 billion dollar settlement.
Lock them up!!
And trump will say the same. I don’t know! Boom your free!
I do wish that he’d mentioned the name of the bankruptcy judge in this case who’s letting the Sacklers off scott free. His name is Robert Drain, and I highly recommend writing a letter to him saying that he’s unfit to be a judge and should resign
How does something that costs $45 a pill *3 per day goes bankrupt?
John Oliver should be funny, and I mean, I do laugh.  But I also cry a little on the inside anytime I watch one of his videos.
I'm 86 ..even if heroine took humans down..it was A FUKNG CHOICE..why do you feel  you NEED to save me??? The constitution tells me ..ITS MY CHOICE!
Is she a cunning linguist?
I see the american justice system is alive and well...
The Government should outlaw those highly addictive painkillers make them a schedule one drug like say marijuana is/was ...but I know they wont cause somebody is making alot of money from them... legal drug dealers
The VP of sales guy singing abt drugs looked so fn familiar and 24hrs later it came to me. He looks like Mr. Nezzer from veggie tales. Change my mind.
They should not have millions. They should be in jail.
Sounds like judge needs 'Disapeared. eh Kamrade?
Cathy Sackler looked drugged up herself….🤔🤔
I understand that when a state or the federal government tries to take away your rights, that they have already declared war upon us. It is time to take out the TYRANTS.  RESIST, DO NOT COMPLY WITH TYRANNY,  attend local government meetings and make your voice heard, tell them what is wrong and what you expect to be right!  If all attempts fail to restore our Constitutional Republic, armed resistance is necessary.    ....//
Things to do in White Plains: Jury duty.
"We didn't do it. The 'Corporation' did". This is the reason incorporation exists.
The Sacklers will face no prison time and will be up and running again in no time. Sick.
Great piece! These corporatist shticks are the antithesis of Liberalism...
This is John ovliver and this show at itw best , well done
John, your shows are really pissing me off these days….this is some bullshit!
Stop waving your hands in sync with what you're saying. It's annoying as hell and takes away from what you're actually saying.
The American drug cartels own more politicians and judges then the Columbian and Mexican cartels combined.
As an aspiring linguist myself, I must say that you're entirely correct in your statements that you don't fear linguists. I might know more words than you but you could likely kick my ass
Meanwhile, no one has died from THC overdose.
Them giving back a little less than half of the money they made by bribing doctors to essentially kill their patients reminds me a lot of the time the Wells Fargo CEO had to give back like a third of the money he stole by forcing employees to open fake accounts.   Imagine if you shoplifted 5 items from a store and when you got caught they only made you give 2 of the items back because it would be "unfair" to take away all of them.
Another lovely addition of funny british man makes me genuinely sad series
not only should they have to forfeit their fortune but also their freedom
If the Sacklers could go back in time and fix any mistake, it'd probably be deciding not to put a hit on John Oliver after that first Opioids episode
This is a commercial for the new film
i thank you i have kidney stones with out you i would have some bad days thank you
Controlled-release oxycodone is not a bad idea.  Marketing it as not at all addictive and safer than other opioid options when you know that isn't true IS a bad idea.  To this day, I don't fully understand why they did that.  There wasn't any other controlled-release oxycodone product on the market.  They didn't need to lie about it in order to make it sound appealing for chronic pain patients who could benefit from it.  But they just straight up lied.  For no reason.
We live in a system built by rich people to serve rich people. You're anywhere below the line of really wealthy? Too bad, sucks for you. You've got no chance against the rich in the court of law.
If you don't think the opioid epidemic is rooted in racism, then you aren't even thinking.
Crime is only illegal if you're poor
Richard Kind is perfection.
can you imagine if john Oliver was able to do a real piece on Epsteins island.
Hahahahaha
I'm still paying for having less then a quarter of marijuana back in 1998. oh america
Um ..are the #Sachlers jewish ? If so, shouldn't their rabbis & others of their community have a stern talk with them ? "#goodForTheJews?"/ "#NotgoodForTheJews?" Is there a predation subculture ?✌
dont worry big pharma has suboxone and many variants now to have you hooked on.
Here comes the real world, bad guys win, a lot. More often than good guys actually.
Richard Kind - America's favorite uncle! Thanks, John!
If humans only had opium to smoke and not pills or needles, we would not be dying.  And those first guys singing were high as f**k, so were the makers and the reps and some nurses and doctors.... Personally, I'm upset I can't even get a Vicodin anymore because these companies sold deadly pills and then blamed it on "addicts". Bayer never paid anything for inventing heroin.
Isn’t this what happened to Jim Carrey in Fun with Dick and Jane?
White collar drug dealers don't get jail time, they get university buildings named after them. Let that be a lesson to every poor schmuck moving heroine on some street corner..
This is just a small window into the way our government is run. It's sad to know things will never change because "We the People" don't hold enough money to be heard in any meaningful way. God Bless America... Land of the Greed and Home of the Slave!
Step back for the big picture and realize the opioid crisis and the "liberation" of Afghanistan have the same life span.
I really wish Indus had a channel like hbo so that we could see some substantial stories instead of the garbage we get served in the prime time tv . Sucking up to government. No unbaised reporting. No ground issues . Kudos to this team
One of your best!!!!!
My brother stole our dying father's oxy to get high, leaving our dad in unmitigated cancer pain until he could get more. The last memory I have of my father is him crying uncontrollably and brother telling him it was his fault because he knew he was an addict when he put him in charge.  A month ago I received post-op pain medication. My surgery has been put off another month. The opioids are still in the sack from the pharmacy stapled shut. They will remain that way until I have surgery.
Selling weed: spend years in prison Selling opiods: become a billionaire
All right white plains…now is your time for redemption! Vote that mf’er out of office if possible.
You fucking legend.
6:22 Isn't that the guy who played the baseball loving mayor mark in leverage? Which fits, because I wish the Leverage team was real so they could do some con on the Sacklers.
What about alcohol and gambling? When do we start to own our vices?
John knows what he is talking about here, after all, his home country started the first international opioid epidemic. Just ask China
Sure, blame the slackers but what AMA doing? What physicians were doing? What medical colleges were doing? What FDA and their counterparts all around the globe were doing? Problem did not started in 1998, it started in early 1990 or may be late 1980s when someone came up with idea of making sustain release Morphine which as a completely dangerous way to create a product. A professor and physician at Sydney University already warn in conference but did anyone listened?🙄 This is all one more show because everyone is making money from wall streets to last week tonight and everyone in between.🙄
I saved this episode for this moment - flavor blasted goldfish and ice cold water while in pajamas and right before bed.
Please please take your own advice and dive out of the car on the freeway
Can you do an Opioids on poor prescribers? It has been common knowledge for decades opioids are highly addictive but are often prescribes too much for too long. It is partly the drug reps, but the prescribers should know enough to get their free food and say "nah, it will harm people." They aren't stupid people prescribing drugs but if they prescribe them for benefits, they are corrupt people.
End lobbying.
I think people would run a kickstarter to get you money to keep that domain forever.
This entire segment pretty much sums up the reason many want to literally eat the rich.
As someone who is right now at this moment going through getting off suboxone after years being on it i get the problem and I'm hoping when i get through this month it will finally be behind me.
His voice is so high.
wow. Joss must be one cunning linguist!
I know we are never going to see justice in this world, but at least we have John!
John, you are amazing, dude.
OMG! The fact that the show bought judgeforyourselves.com and posted the 3 video series on the opioid crisis! I love this show!!!  https://www.judgeforyourselves.com/info/
Every time I watch this show I feel like mufasa 🦁
Enough of the opioid crisis bullshit. I had an MRI and an X-Ray that clearly showed my spine was bent, literally,  and I couldn’t get shit past Tylenol. Now thanks to this “crisis” people are either a) turning to heroin for pain relief or b) committing suicide because they can’t get relief from the pain. I thought about doing both but thankfully took a shit job for insurance reasons only, and still spent a fortune, for an ALIF spinal fusion surgery.   Had I not been able to get the surgery you’d either be talking to a heroin addict or a corpse. People with legitimate pain issues are being treated inhumanly due to this “crisis” so try doing a piece on that.
8:15 lmao the best description of 4 years old talk
Wasn't there a revolution a few years back because the government and rich people held themselves above the law, while stealing the citizens money? Must have been a dream, that wouldn't actually happen........would it?
The early to mid 2000s was when most people I knew became OxyContin/prescription opiate addicts, and later switching to heroin as the cost of ‘scripts and doctor visits were vastly more expensive than purchasing a bundle of strong dope.   However, something that bothered me about the media’s coverage of the drug war between 2000-2010 was that their focus primarily honed in on the meth “epidemic”. (Don’t get me wrong, I realize it was indeed a problem for particular areas of the U.S. more than others.)  However, aside from a few blips of news here and there about prescription abuse, the media was so enamored with meth, that they ignored the reality of skyrocketing opiate and benzo use. I was barely a legal adult and could easily walk into certain “pain clinics” and come out with a large amount of a ‘script for Oxys (or Vicodins/Percs,etc) plus Xanax bars, and soma. Other places would prescribe me these insanely huge bottles of Codeine bottles.   Often these clinics were right next door to a pharmacy, or within close proximity at the very least. Thankfully that chapter of my life is over and done with, and trust me- karma caught up to me eventually.  Still, I sometimes can’t help and think back to the ease of which I could legally score drugs at that time. Everyone involved made their quick, easy share of profits, so sadly there you go. 😞  R.I.P. to those who didn’t make it and here’s hoping for those of us still struggling to move on, and may we one day finally find content and happiness that so many of us deserve.
“Corporations are people” - impose the death sentence.
If this was aired on August 8, how can they know about the rulings on August 9?
When I take my seat on the throne of Hell, the Sackler family is now 3rd on my list!
The people involved in this family should be arrested tried and convicted for premeditated murder. Then sentenced to death by lethal injection of their own drug. This and this alone will be the only thing to stop Corporate killers in this country and this planet. Make an example out of these animals.
We need to bring back prescription opiates. Fentanyl has fueled the Opioid overdoses. Pain patients are being treated as criminals and being forced to get pain meds off the street, only increasing the dangers. Why can't we see abstinence NEVER WORKS. LEGALIZE EVERYTHING.  There are no victories in this war on drugs. Every year the USA fails more and more and decides to double down again and again on policing drugs.
Screw the SACKLERS, good on you John. I hope more people understand how evil they are.
This is why America fails.  This is capitalism failing.  This is why nobody wants to work.  This is so damned shameful.  SHAME ON AMERICA!
So many of these issues go unnoticed by the public and so having individuals like yourself, John, who display and analyze them on a popular public platform is a crucially important service that unfortunately can go thankless at times.
Mindmed
I greatly prefer Richard Kind's  performance.
I wish this was about Kratom and what the UN is trying to do
Why do the people in this family look like demons trying to pretend to be humans?
Shame on all the lawyers, judges, and politicians that maintain this system of injustice by their inaction to improve and innovate the law.
I don't mean to be "that guy" but has anyone looked into pfizer and Johnson&Johnson? They criminals, my dude. $2.3billion settlement. Check it out. Pharma is a dick.
It's maddening how a common burglar has to return all stolen property upon capture, but a company that stole billions by deliberately tricking people into buying highly addictive (and deadly) drugs only has to return a fraction of the blood money they made.
If we freak out about Covid killing hundreds of people per day, why don't we freak out about LEGAL opiates killing hundreds of people per day?
"And the reason I happen to know" is usually followed by some amazing thing John blew money on.
This is off topic for this video, but I think that the *church* you created could be used to help with voting rights.  Part of a church are sacraments/religious rites (think communion, weddings, etc.).  Well, you could create a religious right (building off of the idea of communion) that involves distributing water/food to people.  Then "ministers" from your church could administer this rite to people waiting to vote.  I would really love to see you do something like this to get around the prohibitions that we're seeing and it would then e an issue of religious freedom...
I take exception to that Chili's slander...
Did the Sacklers get super rich on the opioid epidemic?  Yessir.  Did they contribute to it? Sure.  Did they cause it? NO.  There are a multitude of reasons that opioids got out of control, not the least of which is the entitled American attitude wherein if patients feel the slightest amount of pain, it means their doctor doesn’t care about them.  This is reflected in metrics in the 90s and early 2000s where patient satisfaction scores were tied to pain scores on CMS-endorsed surveys.  Purdue/Sacklers should be accountable for the riches made off sales of a harmful substance for sure, but to blame them for the opidemic is silly.
Just say no?
Perhaps there would not be any opiate crises IF those were ALL legal and everybody knew how those worked!!! I assure you, no healthy normal person wants to use  things wrong EVEN AND ESPECIALLY IF IT WAS LEGAL TO TEACH PEOPLE HOW TO USE THE PAIN MEDICINES CORRECTLY and if every doctor knew how to prescribe ànd advice them safely!!!  You folks know that oxycontin is not a normal opiate tablet or capsule form from that oxycodone pain medication?. IT HAS a fairly new ànd often faulty time depending delivery  method, which is not working as well as the old one and it can cause deaths, because such slow releasing delivery methods are vulnerable for factory/storage/handling errors, which can cause even deaths if nobody checks the new batch and if the medication is not used correctly or if there are metabolic differences in a body etc., which is why you should NEVER sleep during the first tablet especially during its Tmax (time, when the blood concentration is the highest or ìs reaching the highest concentration from zero)  while using such unsafe drug delivery method like what oxycontin uses!
The people being born now when learning about this will ask why  cannabis was not used more so opiods could be used less and the answer will be: to protectthe profits and fe-fes of the religious right
Why does he always say 'moving on, our main story today...' Is there a longer segment before this? Where can I find the full segment? *I'm not from USA.
II love you, John Oliver.
AINT NO SHAME UP IN MY GAME - Sacklers ft Lil Whyte
My son died a year ago from an overdose of opioids. I've cried my heart out every day since. Is it too late for me to join in this lawsuit?
It's important to recognize the 'push-pull' aspect of the opioid crisis. While pharmaceutical companies were pushing the drugs, the declaration of pain as the "fifth vital sign" begun by Dr. James Campbell but then almost every 'quality of life' agency, pulled us physicians into a descending spiral of pain hyper-consciousness which interfered with our previous medical training and put the issue in the hands of activists. In the end, the pharmaceutical companies were appropriately blamed, but the activists remain untouched to this day. I rarely prescribe narcotics to outpatients without a malignancy or a pain consult, but many physicians were essentially shamed into overprescribing by this onslaught of activism.
Wish I could watch this whole episode,  but hbo max and the hbo app on Amazon  has been down since yesterday.
And yall trust pharmaceutical company's with the covid vaccines? I'm not anti vaccine at all I have all The FDA approved recommended one but until the covid vaccine goes threw FDA approval I sure as fuck dont trust any of them.
I think evil people always get treated better, like all of a sudden humanity matters and we it's some how inferred we should feel bad for them and never step on their toes, and when people want to do good they always pick the good people out of the group of bad people to seek vengeance and retribution against. I think this is just because it takes strength to the right thing at such a high level. I don't know how a world that works on such principles survives though. And I know people go after drug cartels and give them life and jail and all that, but people still think they're cool, admirable and endearing some how, I guess I just mean in spirit this is how we act.
Best part of this was "The question might not be: How many billions is it right for you to pay? It's: How many billions is it right for you to keep? And I would argue: No billions!" Spot on! Chapeau, really well said. The Sacklers (along with all other billionaires) should be expropriated and their absurd wealth invested in renewables, public transport, etc. to fight the existential crisis of the total ecological collapse we're facing. Just my two cents..
F the Sacklers.  They are just white collar dope dealers.  Take their money, give them 360 months in federal prison and let's forget about them.  Awful people
With fentanyl in the news latly because cops are dropping from supposedly touching or inhaling fentanyl which has been proven just not possible. It's important the FACTS are told as many times as the misinformation the news and law enforcement are pushing right now.
Beautiful, John. Beautiful.
again people wonder why socialism is on the raise? Also everyone in the states should get this type of trust then no one could touch you lol
Oliver is becoming simply the best journalist
Just makes me wanna smoke 🚬
So how are we supposed to get justice if these people get off?
I dOnT kNoW
Who are the nearly 1k bell ends downvoting this?
Corporation (noun): A device to have personal profit without personal responsibility.
can you make a show about liver transplants?
Imagine being John Oliver’s boss. I’d be heartbroken :(
I love John Oliver so very much
Heckles For Sheckles…….SMBS
Banana republic
10:00 Me a linguist, shaking in my seat: (σ｀д′)σ
This horse shit is _exactly_ the kind of thing Republicans like Mitch McConnel -whored themselves out to their corporate pimps- sorry, "fought" for, for *years;* Corporation Personhood. The idea that accountability can be passed off to a *CONCEPT* is fucking insane! Then again, religions have been doing that for millennia and completely unfettered Capitalism is basically the Republican equivalent of Shangri-La anyway...
I bet any of the people that say "what more do expect the Sacklers to do?" would be all for longer prison sentences to drug dealers
Still wild west in the USA.
They wonder why people don't trust big pharma now lol
SHAKING MY ASS #SMA
14:15 uhh no actually put more in the record, don't think it or say it but if you do make it very visible and, hey why not testify while you're at it? billionaires take note, be lazy, be stupid, and please, please, PLEASEEEE get caught and thrown in  jail and have their assets taken and distributed to the families of the untold millions you have destroyed, ball-Sacklers and ALL
Stuff like this is the reason why I’m a Socialist
"billionaire goes to space and dies there " made me laugh so hard  😂😂😂
Why we gotta bring Lambchop into this??
PLEASE STOP PAIN PATIENT RACISM! A PAINSHOCK KILLS AND UNTREATED PAIN STARTS TO SPEAD UP AND DOWN YOUR SPINE untill you die once it messes the function of your organs INCLUDING THE HEART!!!
I call bullshit on that fake anecdote.  - Brett Kavanaugh
Anyone have the full version of that oxytocin song?
1. I’m still watching, so I don’t know if John mentions it;  but in October, HULU is apparently doing a whole miniseries on the Sacklers and the opiate crisis.  We have ALL GOT to raise our voices in this perfect example of American corporate greed, power, hypocrisy and entitlement.  Yes, basically, corporate socialism in Big Pharma, and “how to keep America dumbed down, in debt..while lining our own pockets.” 2. As a former healthcare professional AND a spinal injury patient with a rare genetic disorder…I’ve been watching and personally experiencing this for MANY years.  Luckily, I’m NOT a fan of feeling dizzy, itchy and nauseous on top of severe pain…but BOY have they tried to push me onto opiates.  To be honest, the NSAIDs (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory) did more damage to me than opiates ever have.  I have permanent damage to my entire GI track, AND, my one kidney I was born with is also damaged and deemed to be “rapidly failing”.  All because for almost 20 years I had pharma Reps and even supposed researchers at the companies that furnished me with all the Relafen, toradol and Anaprox I wanted, assuring me there were NO LONG-TERM EFFECTS.   They lied..as did the makers of Cox-2 inhibitors, Celebrex and Vioxx, also supposed Miracle drugs…until my first heart attack at age 41 while taking Vioxx-just months before it was taken off the US market. (Don’t worry though, there are still plenty of countries willing to accept harmful medications from US Big Pharma…including Vioxx) Despite being a textbook victim of these companies;  I was removed from all lawsuits..A because I had also prescribed these medications before I knew the dangers and 2.  When you have a rare genetic disorder, forget being able to be a part of ANY medical lawsuit.  I was told that YEARS ago when an orthopedic surgeon decided to completely relocate my unique quadriceps muscles..during what was SUPPOSED to be just a diagnostic arthroscopy to determine the extent of arthritis and damage in my knees. (I don’t have kneecaps, so my body compensated by attaching my quads laterally instead of medically-over a patella/kneecap.  He scraped them off, stretched them 4 1/2 inches and re-attached medically.  A completely Un-needed and harmful surgery.  It took 2 years of physical therapy to get out of wheelchairs and other assistive devices.  Now, at 61; I’ve got to go back into a wheelchair because I have no stability…had I not had that surgery, I’d probably be out riding a bike every day.  My in-laws at the time, set me up with one of the biggest malpractice attorneys in the country at the time;  Sydney Mathews.  Within 5 minutes of looking over my records: “because you have such a rare disorder; there are no precedents to rule by.  He said no judge would look any further than “rare genetic disorder with systemic, variable involvement and prognosis”-and tell me to have a nice day.  After my spinal injury caused by severe osteoporosis at just age 38?  I actually had doctors plead with me to let them experiment on my spine-some new procedures they wouldn’t dare try on a “normal” person.  “For the good of medical science”.  Uhmm..no.  My doctors and kids know that my body is to go to John’s Hopkins when I die…I worked most of my life in medicine and before COVID, I was giving lectures at a nearby medical school on my rare genetic disorder…and how insulting it is for physicians to ask ME to risk my life, just because they know me or my family can’t sue them when it fails…so THEY can get a published paper and the money and accolades than go with it. I personally, watched and experienced the US healthcare system go from an internationally renowned PATIENTS FIRST model..to a PROFIT BEFORE PATIENT model..it started in the late 70’s with some minor deregulation we were told would lower the cost of care.  When that didn’t work out, they put deregulation on steroids…and the cost of healthcare has skyrocket, going up EVERY YEAR EXCEPT 1 (2011-the first year of the ACA before Republicans started dismantling it), since 1981.  Health care in the US is deemed a PRIVILEGE, NOT a RIGHT…not yet anyways. UNTIL we go back to our model of putting LIFE BEFORE PROFIT?  These things WILL continue.  After my accident I worked in a lab and parts of it was rented to pharma companies for research.  They were using unsuspecting, mostly mentally ill VETERANS at a nearby VA hospital as guinea pigs in clinical testing.  I’ve since been told that I’m an idiot to believe that was the only place that was happening at.  See, they are Vets in a US Govt facility who isn’t required by law to inform you of every little thing..despite the nightmares of the past and using Vets to test LSD for possible use in mind control. (Look it up if you don’t believe me). Kind of defeats that old promise of “Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness”, don’t you think?
See, because corporations can be responisble for crimes, not the people in charge of the corporation; there needs to be a new corporation that pops up that hires people to take out Perdue.  One corporation using its hired help to eliminate the competition of the owners of another.  No one is at fault here.  Just two corporations duking it out.
I’m from West Virginia, my state is constantly ranked as # 1 in overdoses. I’ve experienced personal loss and seen so many people suffer because of this family’s greed.
"You're basically an English major who wasted more time." Linguistically, got *DAMN* he's ruthless! 🤣🤣🤣
When a satire-based entertainment news show is more informative than the nightly broadcast network news.  ...  CEOs and execs at corrupt corporations who destroy humanity are very very rarely held accountable. Pointing at you too, Mark Zuckerberg ya filthy civilization destroyer and artificial intelligence social media addiction peddler.
Time is now, to actually start eating the rich, instead of other defenceless animals.
And then the elites wonder why the 'regular' people hate them so much...
I was given oxycontin, both time release and fast acting, after back surgery; it made me feel normal, not high, dizzy, or out of it.  I was equally as glad to stop taking it because it was killing my digestive system.  Glad I survived, but don't want it again.   And Kathy Sackler looks like Pennywise without the makeup.
corporations aren't people, if they can plead guilty they can go to jail. if they can plead guilty those in charge deserve the punishment
I had never been in trouble before or after my single felony charge. If I can't get any settlement can someone at least help me with this felony? IAC offered me an amazing position and called me a week later to take the job offer away due to a ten-year-old felony four Oxycontin possession with intent. By the way I went in for a knee injury and came out with two 80 mg tablets a day and six 30 mg tablets a day for break through pain😀  I didn't have a bowel movement for almost a week and I'm surprised I didn't die. Just like every other story that starts this way with the sackler's within two years I was selling my script to buy heroin on the street because it was Stronger and last longer. Hence the possession with intent. This six-figure job I was given and then taken away really just crushed my spirits all around in life right now. The crazy thing is IAC is a marketing company and if I dug deep enough I could probably find marketing material from them with Purdue.   I take full responsibility for my choices but these were sold to me as non-habit-forming alternatives to Vicodin which at the time I was telling them I was trying to avoid.
The Sacklers should be drained of money. End of story. Let the Oligarchy eat them.
"Omg, why everybody hate us so much? We just made billions out of peoples suffering and deaths!"                                                                                                                  - Sackler Family
The Sacklers: *We're good people!* Everyone with more than one braincell: *Mmmmmm I dunno...*
Purdue's VP of Sales has no right to the pipes of an out-of-practice opera singer.
And because of this scaring campaign and production mistakes with delivery methods a lot of SERIOUSLY painful people (RSD/CRPS, causalgia, allodynia, full body burning inside and out etct) DIE FROM A PAINSHOCK, because not getting the medication they need!   I have had to return a few times faulty opioid patches, which could have killed had I not been careful and çhecked their condition before using and never sleeping while they reach the peak concentration!   So please STOP BLAMING pain patients from the failed production method in  oxycontin delivery! Check WHY people died. Users do NOT die from opiates UNLESS people mess with their delivery system, which is not always failsafe!
The Supreme Court ruled that “corporations are people “. But when the corporations have been deemed guilty, why don’t the corporate heads be also held to account? After all, they are the ones who are making the business decisions. If you or I were convicted for crimes that we made decisions on, we would be in jail!
All I could think about as those two men were singing their "Sell Oxycontin" song, was that drug ruined my dad's life.
PLS STOP CALLING IT A HEALTH CRISIS AND CALL IT WHAT IT IS... AN INTENTIONAL GENOCIDE.  Why is John going soft on these guys?  That's pretty sus.
Richard Kind is a fucking national treasure!
The sacklers killed more people than el chapo by a long shot, he will never walk a free man, yet.....
Just finished reading Empire of Pain by Patrick Radden Keefe about this very subject. Excellent history of not only the Sacklers and the horror that is OxyContin, but how the Sacklers have had their hand in marketing pharmaceuticals going back to Valium in the 1950s.
Thank you John Oliver for doing yet another episode about the drug dealer Sackler family.
This F people should be NEX to el chapo!!!!
But the 69,701 deaths you speak of are from Heroin, not oxys (Read the second paragraph, it lists prescription drugs separately) Why is there so much heroin around? (Hint: it's from Afghanistan.  They BECAME the worlds leading producer of heroin AFTER our invasion)
see how we talk about money and  not prison time?
A snail-mail letter writing campaign to the judge in White Plains with the accounts of people who were harmed by Oxycontin may be enough to convince that judge to retire or recuse. How many semi-trucks would it take to contain all those hand-written letters? Someone should start a website to collect those accounts, print and mail them directly to the court who is hearing this case.   Emails are easily placed in the spam bin, but physical letters aren't so easily ignored.
Rich people being rich forever is indeed how capitalism works.
Just yeah, John Oliver and team, you guys are awesome in the way that you call out fucked up shit. Keep doing the good work. And the comedy bits are great as always too
John Oliver, you always make me chuckle, but not this time. But It's not you, which I'm sure you've heard, before, but I'm just so tired of hearing about despicable people fucking the rest of us, and eachother, over, I got no chuckle in me, today, but I sure do like using commas. Thanks, at least, for that.
It's the pain and suffering felt by the victims of the easy go selling of OxyContin that gets no justice through this weird bankruptcy settlement.
Put them in jail for the rest of their lives. All of them. I don't want their money, I want them to suffer.
I say we track down everyone in the Sackler family and stuff their buttholes full of 10 grams of fentanyl.  It would be the best thing we could do.  Whoever kills the Sacklers would be forever regarded as a National Hero.
6:23: Turns out he was the most accurate representation!
Why don't the chicken family sue Sacklers for defamation?
I am very lucky that my father survived his addiction. Twenty years gone. My childhood was an unfortunate casualty but I know it wasn't his fault. I still avoid the doctors office at all costs. I don't know what his experience was like but I know these people caused it. I cannot say I would not be violent if I ever saw one of these monsters.
“And the reason I know that is…..”  Man. I don’t even know what to say. This man is a professional troll with dragon money to waste.
If this deal is illegal s some allege, can't it go to  higher court, or indeed the Supreme Court?At which point they could void the non-consensual third-party nonsense?
Well done John. Constantly upsetting the apple cart. We desperately need more shows and personalities like this. People who can educate and infuriate.
And the Government went after Tomy Chong ? ( spelling) over selling pipes And even made a big deal on the news  As if his business was funding bad guys
This is so sad. But amazingly presented. Why do we live in a world where we reward evil people? Are we, in fact, in hell?
I wouldn't take advice from him considering he can't keep track of who is having a birthday party with too many people according to their rules 😒🎊🙄
0:56 the same purdue university?
Looking forward to Opiods IV installment, and the public website.  Eat s**t, Sacklers.
If you designed a justice system so that the richer side invariably wins, is it a justice system?
I heard john say 17,000 people died the largest number in history. I played it again cause I thought it was wrong. And yes I was wrong 70,000 people is a huge amount of people. Probably not even the full number because people do just die and never have an autopsy.
The Sackler family name should go down in history in the same breathe as El Chapo and Pablo Escobar. They are no different except they have not suffered one bit for their crimes, none
My closest cousin became addicted to opiates after being prescribed them after a horrific car accident in 2011. Unfortuantely, around the same time, her husband experienced a workplace injury on the oil fields and also became addicted after his prescription. They had a child together and ended up divorcing. My cousin ended up in prison, then in rehab multiple times to the point that she had to surrender her child to the state. She is still not doing well. It is not her fault. Her addiction was never her fault and is still not her fault. Her life, her marriage, her relationship with her child was all destroyed because of the addictive medication she was given after she suffered a terrible injury. And yes, it was Oxycontin!!
America’s judicial and corporate system, spread into 50 states, is an insult to systems.
this whole segment centers on trying to hurt the sackler family...how does he not realize that it´s not their problem...it´s not them selling it.. it´s the gov allowing the sale...you can fine that family... no-one will care, and some other company will take their place..
The 958 dislikes on this video are people who work for Purdue and the Sackler family, themselves.
I absolutely love John Oliver and his team. All of those lost people are worth far more than 10 Billion…. The Sackler’s should be left with NOTHING.
repeatedly claiming you dont know important things about your job should be grounds for being fired
Eat the rich
John is fucking awesome!
1:36 this guy is one of the biggest drug dealers on the planet
She must think of herself as a cunning linguist
Richard Kind is so good.
Definitively the worst people on the planet. In any universe.
11:34 - HAHAHAHAHA! Mercenary Lambchop
Anacharsis, Scythian prince of the 6th century bc  "Written laws are like spiders' webs; they will catch, it is true, the weak and poor, but would be torn in pieces by the rich and powerful." Plutarch Parallel Lives ‘Solon’ bk. 5, sect. 2
I don’t know what’s more horrifying: the fact that this is all true, or that I’m not even surprised by their actions.
Fent about took my life. 2 years off it now. God have mercy on those going through withdrawals. It's a living nightmare
That ladies voice at 4:30 sounds... familiar.
The USA often derides humanitarian abuses due to corruption in other countries... But the only reason we are 'less corrupt' than many of them is because their heinous actions are legal here. In most other democracies not only would a corporation be shut down (not bankruptcy but completely dissolved!) for all the exploitation and dirty deals, their corporate leaders would go to jail and their personal assets may be subject to confiscation as well! But 'corporation' in the US means no personal liability for owners and high executives, plus the corporation is eligible for bailouts at taxpayer expense when they screw up.
One billion 💵 💵 dollars 💸
The dislikes should only be from those assholes in the Sackler family
They outlawed opium then came back with opium based drugs. Sounds criminal.
It may be weird, but that's corporate law and has been for decades.  It's how we got the Citizen's United debacle.  Stockholders hide behind their corps.  An old movie from the turn of this century is titled The Corporation.  It's worth watching, even at this late date.
6:21 - I always love anything done by Richard Kind HAHAHAHAHA!!!
I bet Isis loves that Sackler family.
This is exactly what's going to happen when weed gets legalized at the federal level, big pharma is going to get its hands on it, develop some thc pill that everyone will love getting high on it, and then do the most american thing, blame someone else for the problems they themselves created, and demand compensation.
They made these drugs for profit, not to help people.
reminds me of Bleak House by Charles Dickens. Not the evil greed over public health part, but the eternal litigation that frittered away (to lawyers' fees) the estate intended to benefit people. Jarndyce and Jarndyce was Dickens' fictional case. It succeeded in sparking legal reform in England.
Well this is what stupid nation would get if they don't know how to take care of their health. Behold one of the next lawsuit will be against fast food industry over obesity and diabetes
I'm slightly disappointed there isn't actually a pesto chicken recipe
No one person, or even family, has ever EARNED $1 billion.  Not a single one.   I challenge anyone to prove me wrong.  This is why America's capitalism/socialism ratio is the most fucked and the most laughed at in the world.  Capitalism and socialism are not at odds with one another.  They actually compliment each other.  Without capitalism, socialism fails; without socialism, capitalism fails.
"Linguists are just english majors who wasted more time" I mean.... we know... but hey......
Hey look, this show yet again did fucking nothing with its budget to help with the problem. Don’t be a joke like South Park, get back to using your money to HELP with problems you point out instead of being pussies and doing nothing telling others to fix what you find are issues. This show is a shell of what it use to be and should be called out for it. This show use to help the world with HBO’s money now it just hordes whatever it can grab.
Anyone else like every video before it even starts? Or is it just me
Funny enough I drove in the car with my boss and a manager and we all quietly sang “Every Rose Has a Thorn” when it played and that was the only thing said the whole 32 minutes drive  Edit:changed rode to drove, because i was driving.
14:41 Now, see, I've only ever heard of the phrase "non-consensual" in the context of sexual assault or harassment.   Oh, wait.  We the people are getting fucked over by this.  _Of course!_  Seems it's still pretty apropos.
Bless you John and team.
wow.... just wow...
Interesting to see the company being blamed while the physicians, who prescribed this drugs for no reason at all, are remaining unmentioned. They hold the final responsibility for deciding on the therapy, and they failed massively, and apparently are still failing.
Fuck yeah John Oliver and the whole hbo team we all fucking love you and everything you do from the bottom of our hearts you you are the best celebrity to ever live and use your power in the best way possible
7:16 Katie's needed upgrades go B.R.R.
13:59 I'll take "Sounds Like Something a Mob Boss Would Say" for $1000, Alex.
Recommend watching “ The pharmacist” on Netflix to show how deep this thing goes
*This is beyond unfair!* 🤬
I have 2 issues with this piece.  1. Linguists are way more interesting than English majors.  2. There is no reason why we want billionaires to die in space.
"Boom! Linguists, fu(Beep!)d with." LMAO!
John Oliver is a modern day monster hunter.
It'd be a shame if a phrase like #SacklersOfShit were to catch on - why, they'd never bleach the stain off their name if that took off!
12:41 Billionaire wealth operates on the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banach%E2%80%93Tarski_paradox.  If you were to take away 99.99% of the sackler family's wealth, they'd still be left with $11 million dollars to split amongst themselves (which is how it should be), and they'd still be wealthy.
Synthetic Heroin is a good thing? Drug dealers are good people now? Yes, the judges say so....
I was prescribed oxycontin for my bad knees at the age of 14, I was in "pain management " until i was 28. I've been on Buprenorphine treatment for the last 8 years. I'm so thankful to be clean. The Sacklers can go f*** themselves.
There sales training looked lit though..
My first pill was a lortab
The only answer is dissolution and prison for the top brass.
All of the Sacklers, everyone. Wife's,brothers and children. Everyone should be removed permanently!
That is disgusting.
"Linguist fucked with" 😂 I love this guy
Well aren't you glad that there are such things as LLCs. These days it's more like NLC though, No Liability Company.
Eating the rich is not out of the question...
$10,000,000,000 -- cough it up, you Sackler assholes.
As someone who has a b.a in linguistics I found the linguistic joke hilarious and I felt very called out 😂😂😂😂it’s really an interesting field of study!
This is why people want to be billionaires, because in capitalism, you can get away with murder...
Our legal system is fucked
Ahaaaaaaaa web site alll over google.... Oliver make sure u get that whole amount
Somebody with greater skill than I, please put that singing fucktard into a police surveillance crack/coke deal video and post it up on John's website. Maybe a Miami Vice fake one even...
Take it all, I say. Let them experience what it’s like to literally *LOSE EVERYTHING* due to opiates like so many of the rest of us.
I agree that addiction is a horrible thing.  In my case, when I was dealing with chronic pain due to a neck injury, oxy held me through until I had my cervical disc replacement and fusion.  I've had no need for additional oxy beyond a few days following the surgery.  It was a miracle pain-reliever when I needed it.  It needs to be regulated, not eliminated.  Thank you.
Why is america always, always, always such an unmitigated freakshow.
When are you guys going to expose the Jehovah's Witnesses' criminal actions?
Let's be honest, the fact that they are paying 4+ billion surprises us. Any rational person would expect them to get off for free. Have you seen the new boss, same as the old boss.
Is it just me, or is it hilarious that Michael Keaton is starring in a new series about Purdue Pharma after reading Sackler’s statements in the last video?
11:24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwpx0UckXys
boom.
Sackler Family: "We don't deserve all this hate. We only killed.. what? Like, millions of people? It's not are fault that we didn't put how addictive are product was back in the 90's why are people so mean."   Any Black and Brown person serving 10 years for possessing Marijuana: "THA ACTUAL FUCK?!?!"
Obscene. After a surgery in 2007 I was given enough oxy to be a street queen. I knew I was allergic. Gave it to a doc and took Alleve. What scums. Will they be saved by the second coming??? Definitely the death cult.
Hey John, we want to see your whole show too here in YouTube.
I remember hearing about this years ago and being infuriated that enough money can buy you out of the consequences of killing hundreds of people.
Murica = Guns, Racis and Drugs
The world of people who don't take opiates is so ugly they like this shitty life all the people who love life are ruining it for us that think this is a shitshow and just wanna get high just try and watch shit YouTube or shit TV sober oxycontin should be legal and 50 cents a pill amen! John oliver your a straight edge nerd get hip! (From hypodermic)
9:29 What a coincidence!  I, too have a Haute Couture line.  It's called Quel Tas de Conneries.
may hell be torturous for them
Billionaires are all mentally ill.
MOB RULES!!!!!!!
America has a two-tier justice system that allows the wealthy and powerful to ignore all laws while poor people are imprisoned for slave labor?  What next?  Police violence and for-profit prisons?
So many ppl I know dies. More then from cocif
This is Severely causing harm to people who truly need pain relief, & Doctors. Say a Firefighter who got his neck broken while trying to save lives because of a motor vehicle accident. He has since seen multiple specialists, including the Mayo Clinic, had a neuro stimulator installed in his spinal cord, and still is unable to work or just have a somewhat 'normal' life due to severe pain. Doctors are scared to prescribe medications because they could lose their license. Lets all focus on the criminal drug dealers, and let the Medical Specialists decide how to best treat the person in front of them.
If only we could drive a nail into the spine of each of these people.. juuust under the shoulders. Keep their hearts beating, keep their brain and lungs working. The only use of they would have is their arms...  That is Justice.
"lets just violate people's constitutional rights because its too hard to get billionaires to face their consequences"
I think the Sacklers are heroes "what the world needs now is opium sweet opium" so people die say cars are a public health crisis I want oxy now! But the govt makes me take a shot which blocks opium to get my sad I hate nerds like john oliver the only problem with oxycontin is it isn't free (for me) and I need an infinite supply. Go Sacklers! Sell!
Wait.... $2,500 for a .com? As in TWO THOUSAND, FIVE HUNDRED dollars!? WTF domain registry did you use!?! That's an insane amount of money! I personally own about a dozen .com domains, and I've never spent over $12.00, as in TWELVE dollars!
Was this shit approved by the FDA? Yes? No? Can it be selled today? Is it legal still? Was this drug banned already? I need these questions awnsered please. Thank you...
My sister and I lost a good part of our childhood being terrorized by our dad, who was addicted to opioids. He would take pills and drink alcohol to "manage" his pain, and the combo would make him scream obscenities, throw things, babble incoherently, and (worst of all) not remember he did any of it the next day. Our mom wasn't living with us so we were two kids with no recourse but to lock the bedroom door and try to shut it out. My jobless dad would buy prescriptions and alcohol instead of groceries for his kids, and complain any time we had to spend any money on necessities. My sister now has anxiety and I have depression. Fuck the Sacklers and fuck the glorified drug dealer "doctor" (he's since lost his license) who prescribed those pills.
John still has the spider fingers !
Pharma cartel....poppy wars
Sacklers got to go
Kudos on building the website and I hope the Sacklers choke on the bile that it will cause them to vomit.
How many people have the Sackler Cartel murdered?
"It shouldn't be how much billions you give it should be how much you get too keep" No John. It should be How many years should they spend in prison.  If I sell you a bag of opioids on the street and you die, I'm facing murder charges in my state. But when Purdue does it, they get fined? So you can kill people in America as long as you do it through proxy.  All their money should be stripped and given to the people, the family and members of the company should rot in prison. This is a serial killer, not a robot company, maliciously and with intent they sold knowing the extreme risks and how they will profit from it.
Oh I love the ending
Nice choice of actor for Sacler
It’s genuinely saddening that a professional trolling is as close as we can ever get to justice anymore.
It was very weird seeing them singing so close together into the one mic.
Wow wow welcome to America wow
She has a PhD in Linguistics but not in french i am assuming. Correctly.Les bouldogues Vigneronnes is grammatically wrong.. (Bouldogues is masculine and vigneronnes is an adjective that should reflect that, therefore it should be vignerons not vigneronnes).
I am not a lawyer but... That bit where they transferred billions of dollars of profits derived from felonious acitvity out of the corporate accounts and into private accounts to supposedly shield it from liability? That smells an awful lot like money laundering. And pretty bad money laundering at that. Seriously. Transferring it to another account? That's the best their accountants could come up with?
Where is "the Punisher" when you need him?
Lamb Chop is a hand puppet, not a corporation. Corporations are legal entities. They are created specifically to protect the people behind them from liability.
I think you sold out cheap Mr Oliver.  I would  have started at 15 billion. Also start publishing every statement they have made. Anything that is public record. These are drug dealers that need to be treated as drug dealers.
perfect example that the rich make the laws
if the supreme court is going to continually uphold citizen's united, which treats a corporation as a person in terms of speech and money, should it not also follow that those corporations have the same responsibilities as citizens? if a company pleads guilty to one or more felonies, those in charge of said company should do time as an individual would. and then said company should be sold off in its entirety to pay those who were harmed by the company.
I am so angry with the Sacklers after this I am going to have to take my blood pressure medicine, made by Perdue.  Thanks, John Oliver.
Don't talk shit about linguists 😤
Where do you get your jokes from? Do you buy them from some down on his luck comedy writer who hasn't sold a joke in over 22 years? Sheri Lewis sadly passed away in 1998.   I applaud the more serious writing on your show, but your jokes have become more and more nonsensical or often so crude as to not have one iota of humor in them. Case in point, your 'joke' of the sound of a Belgium ambulance being compared to a children's beloved cartoon character having intercourse with another children's cartoon character on a washing machine. Not only is that disgustingly crude but it would have been a heck of a lot funnier if it had been you getting reemed by Jon Stewart while you're wearing a mouse costume and hunched over the washing machine. See? That's funny!   Seriously, lately your sad attempts at humor have nothing to add to the show other than disgust or puzzlement as to whether we're supposed to think you said something funny.
Hmmm would I still love John Oliver as much if he didn't have those dimples that say, "I'm animated but my blood pressure is okie dokie."
The Sacklers are a sack of…aww you get it.🤔😩
Where can those of us who were addicted go to speak about our addiction to the Sacklers?  That would be awesome.
The system is just SO broken that I think we should start from scratch.
How is it that after all of the carnage to the public, the FDA allows them to continue selling Oxycontin? They have to be licensed - TAKE THEIR LICENSE AWAY!  They are a clear and present danger to the public. They should not be allowed to make ANY prescription pharmaceutical!  The Sacklers continue to profit from a hazardous drug, unscrupulous sales practices, which resulted in opioid addiction and 100Ks+  deaths, which is simply horrific. Arrest the Sacklers for manslaughter, NOW!
In a world full of noise, John Oliver is one of the very few individuals advocating for reason. Bravo.
It shouldn't be how many billions they should keep, its how many life sentences they should receive.
America is some place, some place. Corrupt AF.
In 1997 I was given vicodin for an uncomplicated, completely normal birth. In 2001, I was given percoset for the same. Luckily, I figured out to stop taking it quickly. I shouldn't have been given it at all.  There was very much a thing going on.
This is great investigative journalism   Greetings from UK Progressives !
I'm all for taking billionaires to court but shouldn't the people prescribing this stuff so often knowing its addictive be held accountable too? Just a thought.
MORE KIMBERLY AND ESTEBAN 🤣🤣🤣 Could've watched an hour of that montage.
Please do a 4th, as only you can do.  Peel back how pharmaceutical reps are trained and the characteristics they must possess to successfully "hypnotize" MDs.  While sitting unseen in waiting rooms waiting, I've witnessed "the courting of the doctor" by sales reps bearing gifts, bribes, kick-backs.  These scenes were so ethically and morally incomprehensible I ran like hell the moment the show was over.  My ailments were nothing compared to this looming organizational systemic illness.
It wasn't a health crisis when the CIA was feeding drugs and destructive propaganda to alter the cultures of minorities. Now it's a crisis?
If someone was to hunt these despicable, completely shameless murderers down & assist them in dying of, lets say, lead poisoning, would anyone shed a tear?
You might be a pencil necked British geek, but I love your good heart, John Oliver, and proud to call you a fellow American. And fellow geek.
They and  their company need to be held accountable
link on youtube video is not working
Rich people have the power to hire multiple educated heads to help keep themselves powerful. Thank you for using your own group of educated heads to expose how low these people are willing to go in order to stay high.
I'm very personally affected by the opioid crisis. Opioids are both the best and worst thing to ever happen to me. I can survive by using opioids for my pain, but it's barely living...it's better than not being able to breathe through pain, but not by much. The Sacklers have made it so it's harder for people like me to get the meds I need, which is excruciating. I'm SO GLAD John Oliver goes after them as hard as he does!!!!
This reminds me of The Garies and Their Friends. Bigot, George Stevens discovers he's related to his neighbor - a well-off man in an inter-racial family. He kills his brother, takes his inheritance, and then gives like, 6% IIRC of it to his brother's children - that he was responsible for orphaning. Says it's more than a fair offer, that they should be grateful for it, that he didn't have to give them anything, and gets off scot-free with their massive fortune. That Steve Miller clip (17:00) is exactly this. There could absolutely be a better deal. You, and the other's responsible, give up everything and go to prison. You've profited off the people you've killed. That money should belong to the victims. You should be held accountable. It's only the "best deal" because it's all you're willing to do - because you're gauging your own self-interest and offering up pittance as a consultation prize. No victim should ever hear, "it's better than nothing." That's not justice.
You silly pillbillies!
Reminder: *Traitor DeJoy is STILL postmaster general.* *Why is nobody grilling the Dem leadership?* They are protecting the insurrectionists rather than democracy. *"Wait until 2022" is a guaranteed path to electoral autocracy.*  *The Dems are **_not protecting you._* They are not enforcing accountability. They are not going after any high-profile insurrectionists and the small fry has largely been let out on bail. Garland is only the latest in a string of Muellers. Pelosi is complicit.  * Garland won't release the memo on Trump and obstruction * Yellen won't release Trump's tax returns * Wray won't investigate the elites behind the attempted coup * Biden won't restructure board to get rid of DeJoy  * Dems won't pass voting rights  Call it "muellering"
This is foremost a produce of the American health care system. My fellow yanks, sorry for you living in a developing country.
Why is Vanity Fair and Town and Country "interviewing" public health crisis creators? Sorry I meant killers. I'm not a linguist. Whatever that means.
Is Perdue going to jail
White collar DRUG DEALERS!                      HOW THE RICH ARE HELD ACCOUNTABLE.             RICH CRIMINALS.      That's the USA way
That family should be charged for mass murder.
Before even watching. 20 bucks that he doesnt even mention those actually suffering and not getting their medication cause of the media and regulatory over reaction.  Tired of living in agony waiting to die cause everyone has to have a fucking opinion on what my medication is.
Ahhh, another depressing evening with John.
If this happens they way they want it to, we are heading to Bladerunner world.
Just like that dipshit Charlie Sheen said "I already got your money"
Salespeople are some of the worst people in the world.
Sooooo..... Is it time to eat the rich yet? Because it feels like it's time to eat the rich...
Noam Chomsky is a Linguist, no one fucks with Noam.
Not that anyone will pay attention in This show, but 3 great videos about how much we hate the Sacklers - yeah, yeah, yeah, we agree. But John, could you possibly squeeze in a REAL show about the VICTIMS? And not "Opioid Abatement " programs - that's BS for the DEA to hang their egos on. How is this affecting people, TODAY? What stereotypes are being perpetuated about abusers AND legitimate patients? Hmmm, I wonder how many deaths from street drugs are now the result of insanely zealous, uneducated in medical care DEA agents who have a financial agenda. Doctors are actually saying to cancer patients: "We don't follow the CDC guidelines,  we follow the DEA mandates". When did the DEA start practicing medicine? Is anyone concerned how many people (so called "loser addicts" who abuse, AND real patients) are being driven to the streets and dying because of the "opiod epidemic" freak out which has created dangerous alternatives to what was at least in some instances compassionate medical care? Just throw the baby out with the bathwater! This has fueled street drug commerce. This is identical to the McCarthy era; extreme and inhumane! Afterall, it was a medical professional that many patients trusted, that prescribed, the medical community should ALL be stepping up to take responsibility and safe action FOR patients for their part in the problem.  Certainly not the Sacklers? Or the politicians who still get their "fix". A micrometer, if any, of any money any lawsuit will garner will actually get to patients and save lives. It's all professionals buying themselves a job. Yes, let's keep ignoring the real.victims and keep harping about how much we hate the Sacklers - its super productive and helpful - NOT!
Did anyone else misread the title as Slackers?
10 billion
Never disappoint me these episodes. Calling it for how it is every single time.
This is f$%king disgusting
Michael Keaton did it better...but then again, there aren't many things in this world that phrase isn't true for.
Perhaps years from now it could be fun to piss on their graves.
As a multi-degree graduate of Purdue University, I am called upon to note that the University and the pharmaceutical company are not linked in any way.   Carry on! ;)
just proves again as long as you are extremely rich, the law doesnt apply to you. When fines are the punishment it only affects the poor.
I have no mouth and I must scream
Heavy STAN.
I'm going to the website for that Pesto Chicken.
Hitmen and Hitwomen have been known to take $3,800 - $48,000 for jobs well done... :^)
The beauty of the bits this show invests in will outlive us all. God bless you
"If I'd known that today I wouldn't be able to take a shit, I never woulda done all that heroin all those years ago.... ---William S. Burroughs on his 80th Birthday
Where's the pesto chicken recipe?
The Sacklers are a bunch of mass murderers and should be prosecuted in a state that allows the death penalty
Make them liquidate assets. And, deliver the 4....billion. At time of JUDGEMENT. Hence, the judgement.
I took a “Hot Sackler” this morning after some spicy mexican food last night.
One family is arguably responsible for the deaths of more Americans than the Vietnam War.
Our government is designed by rich people for rich people 😂🤣😅🤔.
John, you are an absolute genius. May you live long and relish in all of your accomplishments. Bravo and kudos to you, John.
As an aspiring linguist I am deeply amused by the linguist joke when I know your outstanding investigative team knows that many people like the Sacklers are deeply afraid of linguists like Noam Chomsky because their powerful descriptions of injustice and the beautiful simplicity of their arguments are devastating to any bootlickers who defend their literal eugenics lol. Also cook the rich and force feed them to their families, its the environmental thing to do!
We can all start by boycotting Purdue.  Stop buying from them.
So here's a real question how come a company with felony convictions is allowed to operate with impunity whereas any person with a felony conviction is stripped of most of their rights...
Why I love John Oliver, and HATE, HATE, HATE The Sacklers...
Can we find Dick Cheney, have him take the family out for a quail hunt?
You should change the name of this show to: Problems that you have no power to fix.  This is because the people in power collect from them instead of check them.  Stop blaming us and give the elected officials their responsibility to control it or remove them.
John Oliver the PROPAGANDA HAND of the USA. Oliver can't bring UP the fact the USA Creation of Al Qaeda and ISIS. The fact Afghanistan produced 0 ZERO heroin for export before the USA invasion. After the Bush's took down the Twin towers. With Saudi Terrorists and Pilots trained on USA AFB's. Afghanistan is NOW producing 95%+ of the World's Heroin. USA tax Payer spend 20 years of USA Military flying Military Cargo planes filled with cash to Pay off Drug and Warlords of Afghanistan. $20 trillion plus, While the USA has been protecting the Afghan Poppy fields with patriot missiles. The USA Military has the Highest Suicide rate in history, The USA the Highest OD rates ever. These people seeking Prescription drugs to break their Heroin and Fentanyl addictions, John Oliver working for the Corruption. Who wants everyone looking at COVID nor the FACT Afghanistan is NOW the NARCO TERROR State of the WORLD!!! JOHN OLIVIVER does Congress's BAIT & SWITCH!!!!! BS!!! No it's covid its Pharma its Radical Islamic Terrorists.. When in fact it's Congress paid for with USA tax Dollars!!!!!! Afghan heroin Fentanyl and Meth has been Mass murdering millions across the GLOBE!!!!!!
I live 3 minutes form White Plains 😠. But no, he's right; It's not what it used to be. That's why I go to Stamford. However, I still go to Lazy for the Penne ala Vodka and Cantina for their Margaritas.
just another example of another set of rules for the rich. if they were poor and part of a criminal conspiracy they would go to jail.
Thanks to this fucked up company me and billions have to live as being a recovering addict for the rest of our lives. Being afraid of using again and starting the cycle again…..Not even going to mention the fucking dead. I hope they all burn in hell…
Jarndyce and Jarndyce, this story needs Charles Dickens
Commit corporate fraud you may go to jail. Commit corporate mass murder not so much.
Somewhere in Congress an ancient turtle has a big smile on his face as he says the words "we've done it again, meeeh" just picture Jon Stewart's impression.
foul behaviour - the Sackler family have disgraced themselves- I hope before they die they reflect on the widespread suffering they have caused because of their lies
Noam Chomsky is one linguist you would never fuck with...
What about the ten of thousands of doctors you willing subscribed "death in a bottle" to the millions of American's who have died from opioids.
There are so many people in the States that like to bend over and get fucked in the worst way possible by the richest people in human history. They've been fed shit for decades and have acquired a taste for it.
You are a Liar.
Just say no.. its not that hard. aint that what yall told us in the 90's?
IBOGAINE - IBOGAINE - IBOGAINE!!! This segment you did is awesome and much needed to be heard by the masses.  Thank you for that! Please also, in an effort to offer hope to so many, do a segment on ibogaine. Opioid addiction is a horrible disease that can ultimately lead to death. Information on Ibogaine needs to reach the masses. So many folks I have encountered have never heard of this before. For those of you that have, please hit the like button. Perhaps if we get enough likes on this subject John may take an interest. Thank you!
do a video on desantis!!!!
I have a very non-important website.....and even I got the .com
Your a good man John. You and your team are doing objectively good work.
Dead millionaires don't get interest from investments.
Both of my parents have had their lives absolutely destroyed by prescription opioids. Doctors back in the day handed it out like fucking candy and when the laws came down, they were completely cut off of extremely high doses they had been on for DECADES. The 'Withdraw treatment' has gotten so bad that my own mother once looked right at me and had no idea who I was. Neither of them can hardly function... spending most days sleeping because they can't do anything else. Watching them suffer physically and financially has taken its toll on both of them and my own emotional state. Knowing I already work 80 hours a week and that my student loans are due to kick in soon, I don't know what the future holds. Suffering from chronic pain issues myself, I am putting my body through an insane level of physical stresses that can't be good for my health just to try and help cover what I can. I refuse to try medication... call it extreme, or some form of ptsd, I don't want it...  These drug companies play with the lives of millions and have no conscience or soul for those they destroy. Fuck em'.
if you use drugs to feel better and get addicted....  then you are WEAK
If you haven't seen the documentary series "The Pharmacist", I highly recommend it. It's will give you a sense of the scale of the genocide this family caused.
Sue them for everything.   I almost died from their opiates over a period of 7 years.
millions of people directly affected, but on an even larger scale trust in medicine, science, and the free market legitimately deterioted, there has to be personal accountability for the highest-ranking decision-makers behind this crime against humanity.
I genuinely believe that John Oliver has a good heart.
it sounds like all 3rd party releases violate due process....
ThE DRUG CARTELS SHOULD FOLLOW THEIR LEAD.  USE ALL THE SAME TRICKS THESE GUYS USE. THE SHOULD HIRE THEIR LAWYERS.  AND WATCH YHE LAWS CHANGE REAL QUICK.
Anything less than serious prison time seems like an insult to every victim.
The more I learn about this case, the more I wonder if the show Arrested Development was an ominous spoof of The Sacklers
I rarely ever disagree with John , but I don't think the fair question would be "how many billions should you keep?", but "how many decades should you serve?"
This video made me cry. I don't know anyone who was effected by the opioid crisis (not that I know of at least), but it's sad finding out that families and victims couldn't be heard.
Its never wrong to kill the ones doing a genocide on your people.
You could literally take 99.9% of their "wealth" and they would still be rich.
🤣🤣🤣😂😂
I’m sorry all my addicted citizens, but I’d rather see them shove that money up their ass and have them hauled off to jail. Better than hearing them gloat about how much “good” and “benefit” they are engaged in.
I am terminally ill with a rare neuro disease. without my fentanyl patch I cant function. The pain is blinding.  BUT there is nothing to replace the patch. Im trapped. I am extremely careful with the patch. My doc checks me every month. My doc has a large well managed practice.  He only has 10 patients on the patch.  If the opiods are that bad,  what do I do? Extreme pain without opiods? Suicide is pretty much my only choice. F=ck everyone who judges me.
Do we hold the public accountable for their abuse of the drug?!?!😷
I worry that opioids and covid contributed to George Floyd’s :(  I’m not saying the police officer isn’t also guilty, he’s guilty, but drugs and covid contributed too
Dod anylne realise the cover is a direct knock-off of 'Design in Nature' of Adrian Behan??
Real life supervillains.
I have so much love and respect for this guy. Keep up the great work.
They look evil
the solution for this level of evil is simple: hanging. doesn't even waste a bullet.
#suethesacklers
Holy shit, how can that judge be ok with that deal and agreement? That's beyond bullshit
As some one who lives in white plains there are many things to do! like go to NYC and pay 10's of thousands in taxes!
The fact that people expect everyone else to put the wellbeing of others over their own self interest is baffling to me.
So corporations are people with rights and responsibilities, but only until they so something horrible. Then no one is to blame because corporations aren't people. Okay then!
Lost my husband to the addiction.  He couldn’t give it up.  We divorced and he hanged himself.   He isn’t even in the list of defendants.  Sad.
there's a legal maneuver called "NON-CONSENSUAL third-party release"??? what the actual fuck!!!
Anyone upset about this settlement needs to realize that our country is now ran for and by corporations.
Now I wish black people can sue Reagan family for bringing crack into our community.
Jk
Their music video "Makes me want to Shout"
As of this post, 870 Sackler family members do not like this video.
Kathy lookin like Vigo the Carpathian.
Year after year hearing what billionaires do to ensure their wealth just makes me want to chop their hands and feet off and throw them in the woods
Boom! Linguists f'd with.You made me laugh out loud Johnny😆
Are you saying, that if not for that one singular judge in White Plains...
yu r the best
can you do the Pelosis next?
Please speak on the new UN climate report
The Sacklers are part of the major scumbag billionaires hall of fame which also includes the Koch brothers. It's a contest to see who can reap the most from the dead bones of the innocent.
The FDA approved oxycontin,  Drs Prescribed it and fat morons took it....
"how much has Perdue made?" "axe Michelle"
nice move john!
Where's the Punisher when you need him?
Richard Kind is amazing
I want the Sacklers in jail, broke, begging relatives for commissary money to buy underwear and socks. Just like I would be if I had sold opioids to addicts.
Amazing as always
#dispossessthesacklers
Just don't punish authentic  patients who r crippled with non stop,not discomfort,but PAIN...it is they,we hope,that scientists,physicians,toiled in labs for decades to formulate relief break thrus....I watched an elderly woman,whose hands were crippled with arthritis,break into tears in line because THEY refused her pain relief script..😳let's deal with the real shitheads in this mess,NOT the human beings pain relief was created for; u know; like anesthesia, lidocaine,antibiotics etc.☮️
He's fucking great!!
The NY sitcom list forgot Spin City!
Just more evidence how Regan and unregulated capitalism has completely failed.
So if I murder someone, I go to prison. But if my “corporation” murders someone, then meh, whatevz?
Came for the opioid hate, stayed for the white plains hate. Screw that place. I've never been there and will never go.
I'm at 7:06 and I've already forgotten Sackler's face. He's so generic white rich guy it's appalling.
More proof why there shouldn't be any billionaires, evidence for a very high tax rate for any gross worth beyond, let's say, "$10 million.  I'm not talking about earnings. I'm talking about net worth including property, investments, money hidden in offshore accounts, et al.
Hurt me in this life God will nail them as so I hope because I'm too poor to do anything
Ok but don't Warner Brother's push Oxy in movies and make it look cool. As bad as the Sackler families are Movies and TV shows promote it hard to teenagers. E.g HBO latest tv show The White Lotus.
This american Böhmermann is on a crusade
I love that your site tops the Sacklers on Duckduckgo
The government and states allow the drugs in......I hate businesses more and more, the US is terrible.
Healthcare and the "free" market. Free of proper regulation and ethics, that is.
Hands up if you started heroin beginning with the “non addictive “ OxyContin 🖐
The Sacklers are exactly as overly educated (and up their own arse about it), unempathetic, arrogant and narcissistic as I suspected. Yuck. Having a system that can kill hundreds of thousands of people legally might be something worth changing atleast to hold them accountable. Just a thought.
I absolutely love the unbridled pettiness lol
Oxy makes me think of people robbing Boston pharmacies
TLDR: Rich people continue to fuck over the poor til the poor die a slow painful death.
Wonder how much of that money ended up in Senator and Congressman’s pockets.
As a person who almost lost a friend due to addiction, This family has blood on their hands and I want them to literally pay families. What would you do if your friend was almost killed in cold blood? You want the perpetrator to go to jail. same on the Sacklers
My cousin's friend since elementary school just died because he did something laced with fentynal. A heart attack at 23 (possibly a year younger)
Richard Kind is a national treasure! I want you all to remember the idea behind the corporation.  It's to separate individuals running a large business from any personal liability.  They can kill people, ruin lives, ruin the environment, but never have to pay themselves for the crimes they have committed.
I have to admit, the very statement, "They're going to regret fucking with a linguist," does kinda make me predisposed to like her, as much as I don't want to.
Can we please have a conversation about how all of this epidemic of opiods has actually hurt those of us who actually need said medication? Because I don't know about anyone else, but as someone who lives with a chronic pain condition, it sure is fucking my life over getting medication that actually works to help my bad pain days because of those who abuse the medication. :/
Every day it becomes more and more clear that America is an oligarchy
Sacklers make the Medellin cartel look like bloody amateurs.
The prank at the end make this show gold
small hats
Not only should the Sackler family be imprisoned, but everything they ever had should be taken by the government.
funny how the same people pointing out well-known big pharma crimes and bribing regulators are the ones not questioning any aspects of the COVID vaccines that are being pushed because of politicians connections to big pharma
That was an unnecessary jab, really, against linguists... Also, I can't believe that your lawyers OK'd making that video at the end, featuring an impersonator (well, an actor). I don't think that's a good idea, fighting back by spreading fake news. On the topic, though: as a European person, it is absurd for me how easy it seems to have been for prescribing an opioid as a general painkiller for just any kind of pain in the USA. Right? In these parts, you mostly get an Aspirin or Advil. Opioids are shelved for, like, end stage cancer patients. Morphine and heroine are the most effective painkillers known to mankind still, and used in the hospital in certain cases. Yet, the history of drug research tells us that both of them were synthesised, back in the day, in the misguided hope of creating a non-addictive painkiller. And the same research still goes on. So, were the Sacklers aware that they were creating and pushing an addictive substance? Was that their goal when synthesising and patenting OxyContin?
Hell yes!  I've been waiting for this episode.  My mother was killed by Purdue Pharma.... As well as many other people I've known and loved.  The Sackler family should burn in hell for what they've knowingly done.
Capitalism
this was so fat :)
Executives hide behind company name to stay out of jail. Not strange as these companies put our legislators in power.
@Last Week Tonight:  Where is the "Sacklers I" video?? This is "Sacklers IlI". And "Sacklers II" is a different video.   There are other videos that dance around this subject, such "Compounding Pharmacies", "Opioids" and "Rehab". "Sacklers I", however, does not seem to actually exist. Seems like someone screwed up in naming these videos.   Thanx a lot!
If you have Netflix and haven't yet watched The Pharmacist, I highly recommend it.
American Ju$tice $y$tem
after reading the letters on the .com  webpage I wrote the Sacklers a letter. how incredibly sad and egregious.thx for posting the letters. I would of never seen them.
Some of those Sacklers might catch some hot lead over this. Some people don't care about money as much as they care about balancing the scales.
Only 10 Billion, John? I'm disappointed. I would have set the price a little higher, like somewhere in the realm of 1 Trillion. I'd hate to be the accountant doing the math on the income theft for that deal.
I was 16 when I was prescribed oxycodone/paracetamol 10/325. A year later, it became OxyContin 15s, which of course eventually wasn't enough so I turned to 30s, then heroin.  I'm 31 now and still affected, despite having gotten sober roughly 5 years ago.   These fucks ought to burn for what they've done.  ps This injustice isn't an accident; America has been, over the centuries, set up to operate this way, for and to the benefit of corporations and the wealthy.  edit: autocorrected to oxymoron hahaha
Of course they are getting away with it, they are wealthy it's just how the cookie crumbles
The Rich get richer.  The Poor get addicted.
LWT should do a piece on the lawyers helping the sacklers get away with murder.
I died at "Boom. Linguist fucked with." 🤣🤣💀💀
This hurts to watch. Add mass murder to the list of things u can get away with  once youre a billionaire
Someone to work on an AI app to find criminal evidences when the repository documents are up ?
It’s the linguistic fucked with for me lol 😂
I’d love to see a really tough judge give them 90 days to pay out and NO blanket immunity to individual lawsuits.
If we don't want more companies to do this same thing over and over again with new products, then we need to handle issues like this the way the Romans would. We need to actually crucify every single person who ran this company at any major level
No Billion(aire)s!
Bought the .com thats good shit savage! 👏
No amount of litigation would diminish the final settlement or penalty when you’re talking about billions of dollars.
please talk about the ipcc report john :')
As much as John's informative, socially engaging  and proactive on a lot of important issues, this one's a big L for this show. The Sacklers are laughing their asses off for years to come.
White Plains, New York sitting BK judge: His Honor, Judge Judas Sackler.
I lived in white plains, and I am infuriated!…. At how accurate that is
Sober, Clean, Smoke-free. One Day at a Time. Congratulations to all those making it work.
We the People have an economy condo for all these criminals in Florence, Colorado right next to El Chapo. What are We the People waiting for? Just say maybe?
John Oliver...you're simply the BEST!!
Oooh shit! As an English Major myself I gotta respect that sick burn! I can't wait to tell the others about the two proper nouns that function as a double negative!
would be great if purdue paid 10 billion dollars to own the rights to that site and john gave that money to families affected by the opioid epidemic
Pure decadence.
John War today. Not just any war though The Great War. Good on you sir!
Sacklers should end in court
i lost my nephew to this epidemic so thank you for beating this dead horse!!!!
The homepage should have a section just for what people want to say - a this is what the evil sacklers did to people section
Great move. But in order to really make them hurt something more needs to be done. I bet they are also supporters of that orange hair asshole that is a cancer to our nation.
2 Timothy Chapter 3 But know this, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here.  2 For men will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, haughty, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, disloyal,  3 having no natural affection, not open to any agreement, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, without love of goodness,  4 betrayers, headstrong, puffed up with pride, lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God,  5 having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power; and from these turn away.
This is why Citizens United was not what we bargained for. When companies are considered to have the same rights as an individual, companies can then go to court instead of the individuals involved.
Stripping the family of all of their holdings and property would be merciful compared to what they deserve.
If someone had done what the Sackler family did to the US during any other period of history, they would be tried for war crimes. But in 21st century America, having an 11 figure net worth means you are free to operate outside the law.
The epidemic is called lobbyists.
Do one on the Camp fire settlement and the PG&e trust please
Karma is real✌️
Under a proper judical system that whole family would get to sit in prison till the end of their dirty lives
Living in America 👍
America is an oligarchy.  The Sacklers are just one example of how the uber wealthy have blood on their hands. A reckoning is coming.  These people need prison.  Add all the leaders of polluting industries and those Congressional members taking payoffs!
When are you going to talk about Cuba????????
so what can we do to prevent them from getting away with it?
Here we go again, i love this family only because we re pretty sure to have a part 4
Didn't the government state that "Corporations are people too"?  But yet the people can't be sued eh?  'Murrica!
When deaths from Opioid overdoses are counted, which drugs are included?
A story on methadone clinics in New York that use the addicts for government funding, some don’t want to lose the funding so they don’t follow medical recommendation to end treatment despite a recovered addict being ready to discontinue use.  A disgruntled employee of that system told me about it and it would be an amazing price to cover.
I’ve got a friend who’s a linguist and she terrifies me honestly. I have never met someone with such a power over their own voice.
Ok now how about you discuss the pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Johnson and Johnson and AstraZeneca?
The dull hourglass respectively like because court undoubtedly chase unto a clammy guide. crazy, tasty airplane
You had me at linguists
Funny thing about moving the case to White Plains New York. They may not have noticed that New York has a depraved indifference murder statute in which you can be charged with murder if your actions are so callous they result in the death of other people, like say knowingly marketing a deadly addictive drug.  ...  Wouldn't it be perfect to see the Sacklers keep their pennies only to and have someone count them for them while they rot for the rest of their lives in jail?  ...  And then no matter what the terms of the bankruptcy are the Sacklers could be sued personally in civil court for damages. ...  Sometimes karma does appear if only we reach out and take it.
Corporations are people too.    -- John Oliver
The Sacklers need to be put in prison for the rest of their life’s and their wealth should be confiscated. As a society we need to stop having a separate set of rules for wealthy people and everyone else.
Every addict should be able to do a class action lawsuit against them. But America is too busy protecting the rich and fucking over the poor and addicted.
We hate to admit it but politics affect most if not all of our lives. Vote for officials who commit to holding big pharma accountable, don't take contributions from big pharma, and vote out even local judges who support dangerous sections of the law 15:30
I love you John Oliver.
I don't know who took the photos of these people, but did the photographer specifically tell them to look as punchable as possible?
It's like the drug cartel saying, "It's not our fault, it's the drug dealers that sell our cocaine and the people who use it's fault"
Add some meta keywords and description to give the site a better score. It would be awesome if you guys get the top search result
I'm all for changing that twisted family's name to The Sacklopioids!
John Oliver being the only real reason I initially got, and still keep, my HBO, is paying dividends. The rest there is just bonus. :)
All these Sackler family members that were part of this deserve nothing more than to get cancer and get zero pain killers. When they break a bone they should receive zero pain killers. They should go their whole life in pain with zero pain relief. Hope their family gets the Kennedy treatment. Fuck them. I lost friends and family bc of these people.
Imagine being such shitty people that you get a trilogy on this show
But think of all the cosy numb sweetness they've so generously brokered to "the world"...
The Chilli's slander is uncalled for
Even with the huge increase in opioid deaths, it was still 1/6th the amount of covid deaths in the same year. Please get vaccinated before we confront a new variant that makes all of them obsolete.
If they're willing to settle for $8 billion, how much are they hiding?
This is an organized crime isn''t it?  These people should be in Federal prison.
I wish they would, but they won't see this.
I have no personal interest in this issue, but I have a problem with this segment.  Of the morphine-like compounds, Oxycontin is not the primary killer.  Fentanyl and Heroin are the primary killers.  The argument must be that Oxycontin is a "gateway drug" to its more dangerous cousins in the same way that using Marijuana supposedly leads to getting addicted to harder drugs.  Also, Codeine is still running around as well causing addictions.  You have to have evidence to support this proposed connection between prior Oxycontin use and later Heroin/Fentanyl use before you condemn this family.
You think your job is hard, imagine being john Oliver's lawyer...
You know who *else* has gotten fucked by this?  People who are not addicted, and legitimately need drugs like Oxycontin for chronic pain... and now have to jump through 7 hoops (jumping through hoops *hurts* when you're in chronic pain) to get whatever they *can* get... which probably won't work.  I know half a dozen people in this category, largely women with autoimmune diseases of one type or another.
I could've done without hearing this whole fu#king store! Thanks for ruining my day John!!!!
Both of my parents were/are opioid addicts, specifically to Oxycontin, Klonopin, and literally hundreds of other drugs . My father died right in front of me when I was 13 years old. My mother pimped me out starting when I was 2 when she ran out of drug money. If she had to take drug tests, I had to pee in a cup for her or else I got beat to the point that I couldn't breathe. Now I live with multiple mental disorders because of the torture I experienced at the hands of my mother and have multiple therapists to help me get through college. I had to go to my father's funeral 4 days before Christmas in 8th grade. Now I have to take antipsychotics to keep my mood stable enough that I won't jump off a bridge and commit suicide the first chance I get and on top of that I live with psychosis, insomnia, horrible anxiety disorders, panic attacks, and major depressive disorder. And that's not even getting into the fact that I was almost sold to a child sex slave ring at the age of 7. (The only reason it didn't go through was because the guy who ran it got arrested.) I'd like to meet these selfish pricks and have a chat.
After seeing the lamb chop reference.. is lamb chop going to make an appearance? We will see.. I'll update you  Addendum: no lamb chop appearance.. my disappointment is immeasurable
Accountability?  For rich people?  *In America?* Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha😂😂😂Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha😂😂😂!
Dont you think it's a little odd the Black community was flooded with cocaine during the 70s-80s, now the (predominantly) White community has had opiates shoved down their throats since the 90s... This is reminding me alot of the Opium Wars that Britain waged on China. It's easier to control Someone who can't control themselves. My wife and I were addicted to pills from 18-28 we're sober now but, my father, aunt, uncle, uncle, cousin, mother in law, and 3 best friends are either still addicted or dead. And it's not just Purdue or the sacklers. It's the FDA that approved this drug faster than ANY DRUG EVER BEFORE, (except the covid vaccines now) it's the other companies that did the same thing as Purdue, its the fact that oxycontin is cheaper in America than fucking insulin. This world is bullshit.
I hate opioids! Sadly my late mother loved them and her doctors did too.
Hahaha fuck all the lawsuits the best deal is just to go extra judicial and guillotine the Sacklers in public.
Off the hook, BUT...   maybe a family member or friend of a victim visits a nut sack.
Dealing drugs is a Capital offense at the federal level I  the United States.  Every member of that family should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. I don’t want their money.
haha what a time when medieval punishments were more advanced than the current system. a coopartion out of individuals produces, markets and sells heavy drugs like only drug lords would do. everyone in the top decision making positions basically has blood, dead kids, ruined lifes on their hands.  the damage they have done to society is on hitler levels and they dont face any charges and even can keep their money. hahaha its a slap in millions of ppls faces.    that they think they can even show their faces... god america is such a cruel place where everything is payed with money.
There are still people defending billionaires. You don’t get that kind of wealth without sacrificing people’s heath and lives. They’re are shitty people who use philanthropy as a way of bleaching their image and the fucked up thing is that we have doofuses that defend them.
it's sad that one day John Oliver is gonna get arrested for all these murders he commits on his show
look into redwood falls MN CPS
4 YEARS SOBER ... YES JESUS SAVES ... 💯💪🏾👍🏾❤
RIP Bezos...
"They're going to regret fucking with a linguist" title of ur sex tape
That woman sounds like she's wasted on opiates....
Two tiered justice system at work. If any of us went out and sold a single oxy we would be slapped into handcuffs immediately and these fucker MADE the shit and killed hundred of thousands and they walk free. How is that John can always figure out some way to annoy these rich fuckers
John again on the side of the dope addicts.
Why aren't we talking about the government's role here? Wasn't Oxy approved by the FDA?
I believe my parents are addicted to this shit. I don't know what to do but I fucking loath these scumbag pieces of shit who can legally peddle it.
I'm getting the feeling that the Sacklers are going to regret fucking with non-linguists.
Last Week Tonight Team, you are absolute legends! Thanks for not letting go and covering this topic again. Please add subtitles to the video, too, for people with hearing disabilities and foreign speakers. That would be amazing!  Edit: The subtitles have arrived! Thank you so much. 💐 John is speaking so fast, some things just slip by without the help of the subtitles. I'm very grateful that you keep putting them in.
Corporatism kills.
This family need to be made an example of. Take all the money and put the family in prison. They can also sue them under international law base in human rights.
Could not get past the first five seconds of predictable blathering.
As a linguistics major who somehow ended up in a graphic design career, I can confirm
Take all, I mean ALL THEIR BLOODY MONEY! AND maybe heads on pikes
We need to draw inspiration from France in dealing with our aristocracy.
Cover the oboists pandemic
So who's proud to be an American now?
American brand "Stupidism" at it's cringeworthy best. The shit show never ends!
Freaks me out that for some god Awful comically evil reason corporation’s are considered people. So you can just fucking become incorporated, fuck over millions, then the corporation gets Convicted, but you can’t fucking put a corporation (which is an idea that is technically a fucking person) in jail. So there is literally no accountability.
Working in community management taught me that email is a acronym  Evidence  Made  Available  In  Litigation
They're losing about half their family fortune. I'd say that's pretty good and pretty good progress.
The Sacklers should be forced to take 20 Oxys every day for 6 months and then quit cold turkey. 💊
What next..you gonna blame Ronald McDonald for obesity?
I heard there was a deposition in my state that 1 of the sacklers did that was so bad they settled so nobody would see it.  It may have been the 1 ur referring to.  Ihope all the Sacklers drive over a cliff.  Also I have worked 4 many attorneys over the years and have had to ride in the car with them multiple times and its as bad as u would think it is.
Fortunately, for affected families in US,  Guns are sold in Costco, and they have "Gun Rights". Then why not USE them ?? we have so many disgruntled employees shooting their unfair employers. Why not few of these family shoot few of the members of "Purdue" Family ? You know , to get the message right. These Billionaires can buy the biggest Lawers and Judges, but people's  Gun Rights can still deliver "Justice" the old cowboy way.  Other fuck the Gun Rights ...
More evidence proving the fact that the rich dont face accountability for their crimes in the USA
Oh America I feel for you
Respect
Separation of Healthcare & Capitalism.
They should be in jail
Finally something that isn’t pushing BLM. White ppl don’t have any more rights than black. Socioeconomic disadvantage is all it is and blm can help change that but it won’t
I've been taking oxycodone for 13 years without incident. Which is why it bugs me when John Oliver calls OxyContin "damaging". For me, it's not damaging, it's a necessary medication. To be sure, it's _dangerous_ when misused, but the drug itself is not "damaging." As with all things, it depends on how it's used. For instance, if it's pushed on an unsuspecting population, with all sorts of false claims about it not being dangerous at all, so help yourselves, and here's a bunch of bribes to push our drug, then yeah, it's fucking dangerous, and its misuse will cause a lot of damage. The Sacklers and Purdue are the evil here, not the medication.
I’m a linguist and this made me laugh pretty damn hard.
Narco got nothing in the american drug dealers (Sacklers) , al you got do is have a buch of politians and judges on your pocket and the world rules to your favor
Wow, two non-CRT nonsense episodes in a row. I'm starting to enjoy this show again.
So my sister has chronic pain and wanted her doctor to prescribe her some medicinal marijuana and because he would have to apply for a license to do so and can't be bothered, because it would be too much effort,  he instead prescribed her Opioids. So... I'm gonna go scream into the sky for fucking eternity now
Ok I just looked over the website, but I didn't see any chicken pesto recipes. I now have to tell my wife that I WON'T be making chicken pesto tonight. Can I be considered a victim of Sacklers?
And you will rue the day you crossed John Oliver.
I had to laugh… LOUD 😂😂😂 com.  Bought by a film maker … instead of the Sackler Family … hahahahaha … 10 Billion … hahahahaha 🤣
“ an English major who wasted more time”🤣😂😂loved that part about f-ing with a linguist .!!!thanks
If I didn't have a conscious I would be rich too.
Is it too much to force them use their own supply for a year and then just see what happens after that?
a very dysfunctional justice system... no justice.. no real punishment for the rich.
Point of order: Shari Lewis wouldn't go to jail. Rather, the necromancer who reanimated her corpse would.
No wonder why people don't trust the pharmaceutical industry. Politics aside, stories like this, no matter how badly they NEED to be told contributes to the vaccine hesitancy in this country.  We need to get money out of health care and politics!  #MedicareForAll
For the legal minded, it's called "piercing the corporate veil".  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piercing_the_corporate_veil  It's basically very hard for prosecutors to do.  Only in a few specific cases, like pollution, some safety things, or not paying employees.  The rules are also very state-based (John O mentioned White Plains, NY).  So, it's the reverse of what you'd expect: instead of government being able to hold ppl accountable for any reason (except, maybe, with a exceptions), the government can only hold people accounting only for a few _very_ specific reasons.  Personally, this is one of the few reasons I'd like to bring back the death penalty.  Can you imagine a public hanging at the Superbowl half-time show??  (Cue George Carlin reference.). Man, that'll scare the billionaires into some humility.  You only need one to set an example...
Sorry but the Sacklers are not guilty. And I even lost a brother to drug addiction.  We should be able to keep vicodin/oxy in our medicine cabinet for headaches if we want. We're adults; stop infantilizing people. I could barely even get 12 vicodin for broken ribs.
I love Lambchop!!!! 🐱
The most successful hard drug dealers on earth. All wearing expensive suits... God Bless America
Well we are also doing songs for the v.. what does this tell you?
Just like politicians wanting your vote, this mouthpiece doesn't explain that prescription opioids are not the larger problem.  Prescription opioid deaths were only 28% of all opioid deaths in 2019.  Products laced with fentanyl, usually heroin, account for most deaths. But you can't bitch about that without admitting the war on drugs continues to be a massive failure along with the elected idiots that support it.
The pharmacy my dad went to forced my dad to pay for a narcan when he went to get his prescription post surgery for pain. Kicker is we had to pay more for the narcan than the pills and he's used neither anyway.
When white people push drugs for a living they become billionaires and stay out of prison.
Time to order 100 pizzas for that particular judge...
Give me a recipe for chicken pesto!
racism is expensive because a lot of these pills end up in black communities on the black market taken recreationally by people who couldn't get the prescription.
❤️❤️❤️  I would give just about anything to see this family personally suffer prison time and some of the "indignities" that might involve.
Slacker FAMILY SHOULD BE MADE PENNY LESS!!
So.....your corner drug dealer won't kill this many people, won't make this kind of money, and won't get this kind of protection.  Sounds fair.
There is a small part of me that really wants the Sacklers to sue for defamation just so we can get another song and dance number. Hopefully then we'll actually get something resembling justice somewhere...
But let's be honest there isn't any oxy on the street it's fentynal soo where is the fent coming from and why is no one speaking about that
You wouldn't fuck with Noam Chomsky though.
How much has John spent on domain names for this show. I wouldn't be surprised if that was one of the largest items on the shows budget.
Greed can override empathy, compassion and any  feelings of care for humans, animals or the environment.
Interesting
The US has a constitution for the people but a different set of laws for the sacklers
Fun fact when I was a hooked on percs my dealer had an actually sales rep from a pharmaceutical company show up every 2 weeks and deliver between 600 to 1200 pills each time. And no my dealer wasn't a doctor just your typical drug dealer that also sold crack and dope.
Since the turn of the century, and amplified by the Citizens United ruling, this country has been rapidly progressing back to the robber baron days of the late 19th century. I doubt the ones who have been pushing so hard for it will ever realize they are killing the goose that lays the golden eggs.
I did not fuck you over John, but it is common sense that people understand how many people die in vehicle accidents every year, sorry to your interns writing your script... Oh yeah, that time apple gave out molly at one of it's events and I recorded it all... Yeah, even I find the contradiction a little too much for farmer Joe.
and the laaaaand of the freeeeeeee XD
>No jokes about fucking inanimate objects  Proud of you for putting your interns back on coffee duty John
Murder the rich
when you use PLAINTIFF"S attorneys as your "EXPERTS", that's when you lose me.
I have chrons disease and then rectal cancer. I needed those pain meds. I did develop a dependency but was able to get off the stuff fully. I was very lucky. BTW, Opiate withdrawal SUCKS!
Love your work!
It's almost cute to see the guy in the e-mail thinking the USA would take out their fortune...it's like he has a sense of justice that is more accurate than the Justice Department.
People are gonna get paid for doing drugs? where's my money?
I'm a linguist, not an NPC! Words hurt you know! 语言学家并不都是坏人...    (个_个)
good on ye John Oliver. Thank God you've taken it upon yourself to fight the guid fight for all of us. We're all Jock Thompson's (John Oliver's) Bairns!
The eager adapter relatively warm because parade splenomegaly tip lest a cold garden. overjoyed, seemly france
Gods bless John Oliver.
At this point is anyone surprised?
Unfair, unjust and a national disgrace, what money. Is allowed to get away with.this has to change.we all need to to make this. Many voices one goal, make them pay.
I remember the good 'ol days when they still mads, and you could still get OC 80's. You can(and will) talk shit, but I had a connection that sold hers for 5$ apiece and it felt good af getting high off those blueish/green baby's.
They did pay google to redirect all searches to the .info site so you now have to explicitly type the full address with .com to get there.  I bet that cost more than $2500!
11:34 - the Lamb Chop / Shari Lewis analogy is priceless.  Spot-on Mr. Oliver.
When you’re in the club, you always fail upward. 🤦‍♂️
I hope the Sacklers that were knowingly involved get stabbed for their money by strung-out junkies while out walking. Poetic justice.
John Oliver, National Treasure.
Another masterful performance by Richard Kind.
👌🏼 as always
1:13 Wow! Just wow! These are Drugs, not candy.
The goddamn lord’s work!
No one remembers who Lambchop is!
One more reason corporate "personhood" is fucked up and stupid.
AMERICA IS THE GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD !
You are a Corporation.   You can do anything, so long as you pay the right people.
In 2003 when I had bad accident and having lost $1 million in wages alone $48 is not worth losing 15 years of your life. But at my age I want to salvage some sort of  life. I lost everything but a few pieces of furniture. I'm 68 ..pay me.
Merica cash is king. Kill millions and pay your way out of it.
At least something happened
It would've indeed been heartwarming to hear that the sperm delivered by the dick rocket died on the outer layers of the atmosphere, but it took other people with it to calm any sabotage. For shame.
the thumbs downs are from Sackler family
"Non-consensual third-party release" sounds one step removed from "I refuse this offer to contract and do not consent to these proceedings" in terms of legal batshit insanity. It's like the bankruptcy equivalent of The Purge.
What if we just killed all the money hoarders and took their stuff? Worked pretty good last time
Wow it is hard to believe that our system gives preferential treatment to the rich.....crime does pay and pretty well apparently
*"Linguist is not a real PhD, you are an English Major with a dress!"*   - TF2 Soldier
Well one idea I would suggest against opiod crises is offering more alternatives to taking drugs. how come some high school sports are only open to a limited amount of students for like 2 months a year, when drugs are available anyplace anytime?
The Sacklers are billionaires. The notion of them being made to face consequences for their actions is absolutely hilarious. Do you not know how this country works? The United States is clearly a plutocracy. Look it up
How come Muricans are taking presription opioids like candies, but don't want to poison themselves with vaccines?
Highest numbers ever when we were locked in our houses for that year...Duh and or hello?
Watching this a few weeks before starting my master's in Linguistics
This probably requires legislation to resolve the moral failure.
John Oliver disses White Plains, and I took that personally.
FYI the images are not working on the website
I can not believe he just disrespected Chili’s like that
I would argue, it's how many years they should spend in prison.
please get this guy back in front of an audience so at least we can hear people pretend to laugh.  This is just painful.
$10bn KA-CHING!!!   ahahaha John is a legend !
we don’t have a justice system, we have a legal system designed for the rich
HEY JOHN! Try living in pain where they refuse to treat your pain now. Not because prescriptions are killing, but because illicit fentanyl in the streets kill, and people like you push for all Opioid pain medicine to be gone. Try doing your homework. It's illicit fentanyl coming across the borders that's killing 64k people, prescriptions killing 11k. Ibuprofen KILLS 15k JOHN! 70k is ALSO less than the 88k that alcohol kills. What about the 480,000 cigarettes are killing per year? Pharmaceutical companies sell drugs. You surprised? We had drug reps every month at the Dr office I worked for for EVERY drug. Leaving a person to suffer, with no treatment, is causing suicides. YOU are promoting that suffering. YOU are one car wreck away from wishing you were dead, because they won't treat your PAIN. Why? Because the CDC conflated prescription medicine with street opioids. As they've reduced opioid prescriptions, they drive pain patients to the streets for relief. It's survival when you're unable to function or work because of TREATABLE pain. As prescriptions have gone down, deaths in the streets continue to rise. Why? Watch your mom groan in pain on the couch, crying asking to die, because her Dr says he doesn't want her addicted. 1% get addicted from RX opioids. This is blown out of context. All pharmaceutical companies do this. TRY LIVING IN SEVERE PAIN DAY AFTER DAY WITH AN INJURY THAT ISN'T FIXABLE OR A CHRONIC ILLNESS LIKE MS. YOU PUSH TOO HARD, YOU KILL INNOCENT PEOPLE. IT'S NOT OUR FAULT WE'RE IN PAIN. EVEN THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION SAYS IT'S INHUMANE TO NOT TREAT THE PAIN OF IT'S PEOPLE IF IT HAS ACCESS TO OPIOID PAIN MEDICINE.
When Evil Procreates, The Sacklers... someone, please write a book with that title...
This was the best thing I’ve seen in a while 🌷💯🥺🎈
tldr - Americans has freedom to get big mac then buy gun then go to school while high on opioid , and best part those victims will have mountain level hospital bills .
💕💕💕💕love you, truth daddy💕💕
Dang, I'm not the only one hoping for billionaires to die in space?!
That picture of Kathy looks like the Alien from the first Men in Black, when he just barely slipped into his human skin and still needs to adjust to it
My grandmother has been addicted to oxy for as long as I can remember. These people need to be fucking executed
I feel like someone needs to add this: Purdue Pharma is not affiliated with Purdue University.
Let's talk about the symptoms of Capitalism without bringing up the root cause with John Oliver
I guess after this piece, the real question is: how expensive is HBO?
its not that uncommon for high schoolers to be prescribed oxy. when I tore my ACL at 16 its what they prescribed me. I know plenty of other highschoolers that also tore their ACL's, its like one of the most common sports injuries.
Take the money and STFU 🤫 nobody care about voice herd
THIS SOME REAL BULLSHIT HOW CAN AMERICANS ACCEPT THIS
Funny how rich folks believe in corporate personhood until they have to be held accountable for crimes.. Like a person.. So much for personal responsibility.
Those of us who are not addicted and are in chronic pain want to be heard too.
John Oliver. Got to ask you: how come you are the best journalist in the guise of a comedian when we live in a time where every journalist is a lousy comedian? I salute you. Keep us in the know.
I'm pretty sure someone in the Sackler family might want to go after Mr. Oliver cause of this. But... Remember Bob Murray
Atsiminkit šitą.
The Sacklers: How clever are we that manipulated the court system, got away from killing thousands of people and also kept our wealth.  Meanwhile, Lucifer wearing construction hat in hell: Oh honey, just so you wait.
9:34 that... sounded incredibly weird (i'm french and i guess rich using the language to sound even more snob is still a thing)
The only decent thing the Sackler family ever did was to encourage their daughter, Ellie Sackler, to take up archaeology.  wait that's Ellie Sattler, never mind
TALKIN' "BOUT A REVOLUTION! and it sounds like a whisper + WE DIDN"T LIGHT THE FIRE it was always burnin' = Let's do this.
The failures of the criminal justice system have reached new "highs".
RIP TO all my friends I’ve lost to opioids, fuck the Sacklers forever
The Sackler fortune is built on dead Americans. We've lost more than half a million people (more than 588,000) to the opioid epidemic since 1999. That's ten times as many as we lost in the Vietnam war (58,220) and more Americans dead because of the Sacklers than because of the Nazis (552,117 American soldiers killed in the European theater). That doesn't even touch the "casualties" of their greed, people destroyed but left alive. The Sacklers should be grateful to walk away with their lives, take it all and turn every penny into opioid treatment/prevention funding.  No addict is blameless but how much are those countless lost lives worth? And for survivors, what's the value on our lost years and decades? How were we supposed to know their "medicine" was just rebranded heroin? They're so worried about keeping their money but what about our lost families, our lost years, our lost lives? They should be grateful to walk away at all.
BOOM! FUCKED WITH!
They gave kickbacks to DOCTORS??? Have they laid criminal charges against the doctors and force them to give the money to their patients plus a large compensation? And naturally, cancel their doctors license!
stop doing drugs, stop overdosing, you pathetic losers.
kathy sackler looks like how imagine Rumpelstiltskin to look and richard sackler looks like saddler from re 4.
Dick Sackler, lmfao
You've gone too far!! DOn't fuck with the linguists!!
....people just need to stop pretending that murder doesn't get things done.. if murder didn't get things done then we wouldn't pay the  "department of defense"(nice double think there) almost a trillion dollars each year.. you know for defense..
if they have 11 billion and are that worried about lawsuits against them I can't imagine how much money they have already hidden in the last 10 years
Wouldn't be a problem if they just sold it for as much as it cost to make it.
Richard Kind is a national treasure
do an episode on resident abuse and deaths in the medical field. It is a very abusive system and is a topic that needs a lot more awareness
BEAUTIFUL! ❤️
Am I the only one that notices something off at the 4:49 mark when he says America?
We have a ruling class, and you don't spill the blood of Kings
10 million dollars isn't nearly enough to pay for opioid treatment, they are going to need 10 billion dollars to treat opioid addiction.
Why is this not #1 on trending?
Amazing that a young (generally) black man can be imprisoned for his entire working life for selling drugs (including the super-dangerous, class 1 drug pot) while this family will never spend one day behind bars for dealing actual dangerous drugs at a scale beyond what the biggest cartel ever has managed. #notajusticesystem
Every week, I live for the moment I hear ...  "Moving on!"
This is the first thing I thought of when they indicted the Trump Foundation and Trump Inc. WHERE DO THE HANDCUFFS GO?  We all need to see  a perp walk with cuffs and a physical butt in prison.
This report is based on a lie. at 0;41, if you read the report behind the expanded headlines, you can plainly see that the second paragraph lists the 69,710 over dose deaths number.  then you can see it lists Fentanyl, Prescription pain killers, coke and meth overdoses as sperate.  that means this report is listing HEROIN overdose deaths (or opium, technically, but it's Heroin)  Not OXYs, Heroin!!!  where's all the Heroin coming from (Afghanistan) and why aren't we calling this heroin crisis what it is (scape goat some rich dude or accuse more powerful bunch of rich dudes who run the govt) John Oliver:  If you are part of their misdirection, you are profiting on the evil just like them. -Jon Grey
Where’s a torch wielding mob when you need one?!
"How do you make 2 proper nouns into a double negative?  Joss and David.  BOOM...linguist f*cked with."  😂
Ur Soo woke Jon
How do you make two proper nouns into a double negative?  Haha, that got me
I love how dirty Oliver plays, he is an evil genius, but for good.
I have no problem if the Sackler family dies in a fiery car accident but let's be honest here, people watch this to nurse their self-righteous far left ego. If you attribute fox news to being a scourge on humanity, you should also realize this is basically the liberal version of it. Angry screaming, tasteless jokes, and personal attacks. Wishing for billionaires to die, especially those not even connected to this, is about as hateful as it gets. It's about 20% information and 80% invective ranting disguised as "comedy". Seth Meyers and Trevor Noah follow the same blueprint. The only one that pulled it off well and was actually funny was the Colbert Report, because it was actual satire and parody, real entertainment, and not angry, one-sided, woke screaming, which is kind of what his network show has regressed to. Thank god this video is on youtube so I could skip ahead every time a bitter harangue wound up.
Yeah, i will never take opiods...
I have taken oxicontin and I'm not addicted to opioids. I used once they finished and that's all.
There's no telling what justice would truly look like. Both my parents died due to complications with painkiller addiction (including OxyContin). The amount of time lost, trauma, and financial hardship this has brought on my family is immeasurable. My mother passed away due to a toxic build up of painkillers in her system, and my father passed due to a heroin overdose. In my father's own words "Heroin is cheaper than Oxy, easier to get, and has the same effects." My family had to fight the doctors to try to keep him off of OxyContin multiple times because it ruined his ability to function and hold down jobs, and ultimately his fate was self medicating with heroin.   What a disgusting group of people who pushed this stuff knowing what they did.
Richard Kind is a national treasure
Easy thumb up just for the Richard Kind bit
but dont worry, none of these sacklers will end up in jail! for literally killing thousands of people none of them will have any jail time
Revolution can fix all this
Sell a few grams of opiods, you go to jail. Sell a few tons of opiods, you stay free and keep half of the money you earned.
You are the F*cking Man, Man!
The Sacklers first fortune was made producing Valium. They well know there is money in selling super addictive poisons. They should all rot in prison.
If people aren't allowed to get justice in the courts...
I totally don't see any reason why you shouldn't trust in their hastily authorized vaccine made with a technology which doesn't even existed 3 years ago...
I took one in 9th grade didn’t do shit
Wow such a good show.
“And the reason I know this…” we all knew what was coming next
So the company gets the felony convictions while the family gets the money. Sounds about corrupt.
Evil truly exists  Fuck'n get'm John.
Don’t forget that the opioid epidemic is also fueled by our failed medical system and people not being able to afford real treatment over pain killer band aids.
They don't care either way, billions secures a few bloodlines comfortably for generations. This is just a hiccup in their family history. Capitalism is being permitted and protected to crap all over America and its people. 😑
In a just world the sacklers would be rounded up and publicly executed and their wealth given to the victims of their crimes
I loved how informative this was!!!!
Nothing good comes from those Sackler-Bagginses.
I rally behind this man and his team on their crusade against uncontrolled, intentionally or negligently evil and unresponsible corporatism and the system that enables it. Love your show and your stand on these topics. Keep going!
Satan is already sharpening his pitchfork
It's just more corporate greed not caring if they kill people with their products, which they do. It's all about the profits. Who will be their customer when all of their customers are dead?
Sometimes I feel like it’s only #JohnOliver who cares and looks after the poor and needy to those Americans who are constantly disadvantaged from the system and various aspects of day to day life in land of opportunities where people hate about anything to everything, lord oh mercy! Keep up the good work, John! Europe fucking loves you and your show since day -1 ✍️
The Sacklers are so full of crap.
Let's stop beating around the bush and call out the Sackler family for what they are: mass murderers.
Can we take all their money and burn their bodies? Then apologies 20 years later?
White Plains has a very nice train station, and a World War II aircraft carrier named after it.
There is an issue that's not being covered: the influx of pressed or fake pills. People who do heroin kno that they're getting fentynal and most actually seek it out now.  They're not the ones dying in large numbers, believe it or not cuz they're tolerance is so high.  The people dying now(I've lost 5 friends since March) are the ones who think they're buying xanax off the street and they're getting fake pills that either have alprzalom in extremely high doses, alprazalom and fentynal or a designer drug that mimicks xanax that is just slightly different molecularly making it legal to buy and ship to the US. Either way, the people don't realize what they're about to take and they end up ODing very quickly.
Ah sackler! I remember them from the burglar connection
Once again, the cheapest solution is to hire one of their bodyguards to take out the entire klan. Nasty, but efficient. The last survivor is 'convinced' to assign the entire Estate over to John Oliver and Last Week Tonight... [THINK about this, John, you could do the world a great public service... 😁]
3 minutes in and I can already see where this is going - they commit crimes and kill thousands and get to file bankruptcy and keep all of their ill gotten gains, while normal citizens and sufferers have to live with their debts, addictions, and despair.
Seize their assets.
Might I point out that far more people have died from opiates since that crack down on prescription drugs because users were forced to turn to the street instead, where only fentanyl was available. Drugs being illegal means there's no regulation (and you can't tax it to support things like treatment) so drugs are extremely dangerous and criminal organizations end up with all the profits. The war on drugs is far deadlier than any one family pushing drugs. Not to say that this family isn't despicable, but the bigger problem at hand is the whole system, and don't get me started on the relation drugs have to racism and the private prison industry. I'd like to congratulate drugs for winning the war on drugs.
This piece is being released to further advertise for the TV show DopeSick.
Linguists aren't English majors, I'm a linguist and speak Mandarin Chinese with a side of Turkish, that last one being an accidental pick up lol.
You should do a John Oliver on the Chevron Lawyer
I was hooked on Oxy for 6 years.  I had dental surgery and the dude WAY oversubscribed me. I should have gotten 5mg Vicoden. I got 90 30mg OxyContin and I was hooked right away. It was fun for 6 months but 6 years later, 5 rehabs, 1 totaled car, 1 DUI, and after escaping death too many times...I wish I would have taken Tylenol and Ibuprofen.
Hope they overdose on money
Nd that my friends is the American way...
This is what is going to happen to the idiots shooting the Vax into their bodies.
This just makes me want a norco
If the Justice System is based on just fines and fees, the Super Rich are lawless.
My mom was one of those people who had that poison pushed on her by doctors. In the end it killed her. I say, burn the entire industry down.
Those filthy souls left a mail address where you can deposit all your love to them: judgeforyourselvesinfo@gmail.com
There's a documentary called Crime of the Century, I accessed it on HBO, about the opioid epidemic. Heart wrenching, please watch it., it's truly disgusting the things Purdue and others did.
💙
It's amazing how little people know about the early 20th century history of the Russian empire... Too bad people aren't interested in these kind of things - all to well though for our Aristocrat class (:
Why are companies that make medicine privately owned?
Didn’t they change the classification of a company, making it so a company can be a person?
What is the base ingredient of opioids?  Opium.   What is the largest producer of Opium on Earth?  Afghanistan.    When did the Sacklers introduce their opioid drug?  1996.   When did the War in Afghanistan start?  2001.    The Sacklers are slowly buying their way out from underneath felony convictions with their massive wealth gained through the misery of drug addiction for millions of Americans. Our OWN government *says* it's ending the War in Afghanistan but *most of the 2,500 American Soldiers stationed there will remain* in an advisory capacity.  Whatever that is.  But here's the most important question that nobody seems to be asking.   WHO allowed Purdue Pharmaceuticals to produce and sell their addictive opioid drug in the United States in the first place?   Our OWN government - through the FDA.
Why was the C.I.A never made to apologize for the Cocaine epidemic that destroyed  entire communities, mostly black all over the country.
So... Sacklers are generally a legal cartel family.... (?)
Hell yes haha
You and your comrades turned your country in something we in Romania saw for the last time 30 years ago. When the intellectuals abandon the middle class, you know dictatorship is at the door. And you have abandoned them for money and anything they put you to read from that prompter. But you will not end well because you are never one of them, they will end you. Why? Because power is power when you do not share it and you are a beta male.
America doesn't deserve you Mr. Oliver.
Isolated states of America are the freakiest slice of life carnival final destination robot cop adventure in the world. I mean the #graphics and optics are the worst, character creation is like that pokemon game that allows you to inbreed human pokemon (#Mr_Mime is the result of zoophilia sorry), Is like a super realistic game the mixes all forms of classes,  one day you can be a useless millionaire larping as working-class that is also a pedo,  selling drugs to kids. On the other, you can go, full police killer, specialised in racism, and then those millionaires go to space. Ney to to many millionaires classes  #Blizzard gone to far into diablo II propaganda the price of potions is like oxi, and all the town mayors are creeps.
John and his team prove that not everything in the 21st century is trash.
low key ending on a soft threat <3
If corporations are people as the supreme court says. When they commit felonies they should be destroyed just like a person who commits a felony. All of the top management at least should go to prison and the corporation should be dissolved.
I think this must be the first time I don't agree 100% with John. (I Still agree 99% 😅)  Oxy is not the problem.  The doctors who give it to people who don't 150% need it, are the problem.
I live for this show.
Thank you!!! Much respect, much love!
Something heartwarming
i became a oxy addict at 15 after finding my moms pills for her "chronic" pain. that was back in 97 when oxy was only prescribed by specialist doctors. I watched its evolution and watched my mom, friends, and family spiral into addiction and death. The sacklers, doctors, and members of the FDA, DEA, FBI, ETC. NEED TO GO TO PRISON ASAP. They are ALL GUILTY of getting rich from this shit. THROW THE FUCKERS IN JAIL FOR LIFE!
John Oliver might be the bravest news man in the world
Anyway, the thing is this situation is a lot like the one we see in areas where drug dealers have sold narcotics to individuals who have overdosed, those people made the decision to use narcotics without moderation leading to their current situation...this is the cold hard fact of it in the legal system curently.
Aww man now its on! White plains people like myself will have too passive aggressively watch your show now
So your anti semetic.  Consider it retribution, for all the shit youve done to us!
The American legal system is incredible. I think most of the laws exist as backdoors for rich people. Like if you're rich enough, you can just pick which versions of which laws will apply to you. Poor people are subject to the worst of all laws, but wealthy people can move or challenge any ruling dozens of times until they get something favourable.  Seriously, American law needs a scorched earth approach to fix it. Otherwise it's like trying to fix an injury with a bandaid, when there's already more bandaid than flesh.
They destroyed my life. I mean, came through like a tornado and ripped my life apart for a decade. I’m 3.5 years clean and still picking up the pieces. Will be for years to come. I’m basically starting my life over with nothing. And I’ve lost so many people I care about. My story is just like hundreds of thousands of others. Yet they get away with their billions. If I’ve ever hoped for a real life murderous vigilante to take out a whole family, it’s now and it’s the Sacklers. Where’s The Punisher when you need him?
good job, continue with battery cars and tesla with FSD, those make the world cold again, not hydrogen because it just makes it hotter, so then I have to get a suntan, also china needs the tesla loans paid, so forget the warming hype, and order now, I can tan 11 months of the year (maybe 1 month too cool for tanning)
Oh Come on, F you John. A linguist isn't scaring anyone, you come from europe, you know better. There are Linguists In MCs, Hooliganism and everything else. One of the Biggest Guys I know, never used his PHD in Linguistics and became a bouncer. One day you will get your ass clapped by a Linguist, and also learn why it is called an "Ass clapping" at the same fucking time
That song... Disturbing....
Opioids IV is coming … cause of course it is…
It would be a terrible thing if the Sacklers get murdered by some unknown vigilante. Nobody on the US has the balls anyway.
What can be done to prevent this? Maybe the deal shouldn't be accepted. No matter how much money is wasted on lawyers - I don't think it would equal $11 billion..  Don't accept the deal. Continue fighting..
Why not this:  Company X defrauds the people of the country and knowingly kills hundreds of thousands.   As a result the company is closed down, all assets are sold and given to the family of the killed and the employees of the company. If not sufficient then company can continue to operate for 10 years with all profits given to the victims. Then company gets shut down and revenue of sold assets goes to employees.  Additionally, all executive personnel receives a minimum of 15 years for murder in the 2nd degree.
thank you John for explaining the bogusness of these settlements!
Yet another episode of Last Week Tonight is brought by the ramifications of capitalism.
I was just watching community with John in it and then to come to this is kinda giving me whiplash 😂
His show should be called “MoreDepressionToday with John Oliver”
I perfer yalls version of the interview better too :)
pretty disappointed that john oliver hasn’t covered line 3 or pipelines in general yet
The second he said, "They created a website," I knew exactly how this episode was going to end.
Its like if your local drug dealer is in hot water with the community, but he actually goes to his friend in law enforcement to exonerate him.
I like ranch with my rich person.
LWT: Opioids    me: Oh shit, here we go again
Yeah, I have a four year old, and used to have another eight years ago (and have also worked with many four year olds).  You don't get asked that kind of question by a four year old, you get asked that sort of question by a twelve year old, but in a more accusing way, "Dad, did you make money killing people?".  Four year olds ask questions like, " How about some popsicle?".
This is serious… I don’t know how people who do illegal things sleep!
John Oliver you are a national treasure. I’m a recovering heroin addict. It started with oxy it brought years of pain and misery. I’ve been able to turn it around and now even give back and help those still lost. That family is evil and will deal with cosmic repercussions. You are doing a good service sharing the truth. Thank you.
👏👏👏👏👏
Stop making me interested in things that I never knew existed
The sacklers don’t give a damn about the people they murdered.
Eight billion is a drop in the bucket! I was put on Oxycontin when it first came out. The price for 1 month supply was over $100. Until last year(my ins wouldn't cover anymore) which it was over $900 a month. The state's settled, but what about the thousands I paid out of pocket? My ins. Co. Switched me to a different brand and it is over $1000 a month. My part is $239 a month. The family members that pushed for this drug to be subscribed should be criminally prosecuted, especially since so many people have died and are hooked right now on Oxycontin.
Without a doubt the Sacklers are an awful bunch and I'd love to see them meet the same end as a bunch of French aristocrats in the French Revolution. That said, the DEA, prohibition, and shit drug policy is truly responsible for the overdose deaths of 500k people between 1999 and 2019. The Sacklers are just a small part of that equation.
So, what are you people going to do about it?
I'll never really understand how Richard Kind wasn't the star of every film and television series of the past 3 decades. The man is a treasure.
so... Dick Sackler?
Rich greedy people, damn.
Not only was that not an apology, but she looked and sounded like she was using her own narcotics...
Everyone needs to write a letter to their state's attorney general, urging them to reject the settlement and pursue the family directly.
There are a lot of people searching the web "Who is Sherry Lewis & Lambchop?"
*locks and loads* "so..."
My rage knows no bounds on this…
My best friend died at age 23 from opiate withdrawal. He started with “oxys”.
"Nobody fks with a linguist."    Noam Chomsky:  @@
I wish i never tried opana. Opiates are evil.
Why aren't the doctors that prescribed this stuff sued?  Why aren't the pharmacists who dispensed this drug according to fake prescriptions being sued?  This company can not get the drug to patients without these controls in place.  Oh wait, there is not enough money with doctors and pharmacists to satisfy the lawyers involved.
The oxy cover of shout was absolutely disgusting.
Love it
God bless you, Richard Kind.
I wish I was smart enough to get the linguistics joke but alas I am not
that english major joke cut deep
Usually I’m not one of those people who says that people who have doctorates in something other than medicine aren’t real doctors but I’ll make an exception for the linguist
Why have these people not died and gone to hell yet?!?!?
Let’s just say it; if they were not worth billions, they would be in prison!
I can see why people turn to vigilantism. The responsible parties will never atone for their crimes under our judicial system.
I wish this piece would have come out a month ago when they were circulating the ballots amongst claimants.
Richard Kind always making things better
I feel like you can make this kind of argument against so many companies..tobacco,fastfood etc..why do we have government?...it's right there in the title "govern".
You know, folks. Legal protection doesnt stop, say, a baseball bat directed at velocity towards a rich fuckers skull. Just, you know, throwing that out there.
An old friend died from an Oxy OD just this weekend
A criminal is a criminal. These exploiters belong in prison...
Hmm seems like the sacklers need to be put to death. Through the legal system, of course. :)
Feel kind of sorry for Richard having to get into Richard's head.  Good thing it's not too deep.
It's surprising how many highly compensated CEOs don't seem to know anything about their business when called to testify.  Look, Purdue, I don't know anything about your business now.  I thought you were a College that made chicken up until right now.  I'll tell people "I don't know" for many fewer millions than you're paying that knob.
Why aren't they being handled like a drug cartel?  There should be criminal charges.
My exwife took Oxycontin all the time for her migraines, they helped control the pain. Her doctor subscribed them on her mothers request, who also was taking Oxycontin. Of course I tried it, but did not like the way it made me feel. I liked Percocet much better! At one point, we paid our rent in Oxycontin LOL!!!
I am a hitman & my family runs the hitman victim rehabilitation foundation. So cheers.
The system just looks worse and worse every time I hear something about it, it’s crazy.
Rich people being above the law? No wayyyy.
When I first watched this last night I thought the screen said Slackers
JUST WOW AND WOW  I BET THEY DONT PAY TAXES EITHER 😳
coming from someone who has watched almost every episode.. please go back to doing comedy.. this is  getting depressing and i dont live in the USA
The Sacklers are the exact same as your Pablo Escobars or your El Chapos - only even WORSE, because they corrupted the institution of HEALTH CARE to KILL people, who were SEEKING HELP! Total monsters.
Damn that’s hateful
1:11. . . . Wow. Just WOW. . .  😳😳😳 That shit is just downright disrespectful on genocidal levels. . . TOTAL disregard for what could happen to folk's lives and how it impact our society. 0 fuck's given. . .🤷🏾‍♂️
10 billion dollar URL might be a new record!
Watching that Sackler rendition of Shout gave me the impression that Perdue treated their business like a cult...
What if the Sacklers actually scrape together the $10 Billion to buy the site from John or buy HBO from AT&T? The Horror!
I have HIV related Neuropathy and I remember when my Drs office had oxycontin coffee cups, pens, Mouse pads Post it notes. And my Dr called it a "Miracle drug" well that was 1997-8 by 2000 I had a gram a day Heroin habit. And was on Methadone from 2009 until 2020. Fuck Purdue! Fuck Oxycontin. Fuck Methadone. I'm 54 and I'm very grateful to have a apartment and a great doctor who actually will call me if he doesn't hear from me weekly. I should be dead. Or worse, in prison.
I really should apply for my bar licence...
If you visit the Sackler's .info website, you'll find their email address to be a Gmail account.  .info and Gmail, for when you want to tell the world about your professionalism but not really
ballsacklers
See the Russains had the right idea in 1917. Take it all. Leave them banjoed, gulaged, or exiled.
So what this video is saying is that the system is set up to protect wealthy people. So what else is new? And nothing will change, the Sacklers will increase their wealth and people who's lives were ruined because they trusted their Doctors won't get a dime.
Creating a dangerous, highly addictive drug and blaming people of color for the created epidemic while still making an ungodly amount of money off from it is violently (US) American.  And that list sounds more like hit list for the Punisher.
$10 billion? No, five years in jail.
Basically, Sacklers wants to be a real world Arasaka family.
Unless they came into your home & held you down & forced you to take the drug I'm not seeing it. It was ONLY YOU who decided to put a pill in your mouth and swallow it, Should companies who sell the gunpowder to the companies who make bullets be responsible for your weak will?
As a recovering addict I can confidently say that had oc (particularly oc 80’s) not been so wide spread I probably would have never gotten into dope. A lot of my friends are dead, and I’m lucky to still be standing… or sitting currently (on the toilet tbh.)  over 8 years clean now. Almost really ruined my life. Seems like a lifetime ago though.
Are we still not going to talk about the Bushes starting the Opioid epidemic by conquering Afghanistan and restarting the mass production of opium from the country that has produced 95% of all of the opium in world history, after getting rid of the  standard, conservative Taliban leaders that had outlawed opium, since the day they took the country back from the Russians?
I broke my back last year, and you know what the worst part of the whole recovery process was? Opioid withdrawal. By far. It was the worst part of all of it. Worse than the pain itself, worse than paralysis, worse than being stuck laying in a bed for months. Opioid withdrawal is the worst thing I've ever experienced.
This proves that if you're rich you get away with anything you want murder no problem killing hundreds of thousands of people on opioids no problem.
Ngl I’d go straight for this man and this man only
I love the videos about the topic. I always try to show snippets to my students when we talk about opioids with creative skipping and muting... lol
Linguists watching this: “What the hell did we do?!”
Guns are not a public health crisis you pathetic quisling
"Ok we'll give back SOME of the blood money we earned through the opioid crisis as long as you let us keep most of it"
It's true!
Hey.  I like Chili's.
I would also say no billions is the right amount
The 680 dislikes are literally all people covered by the deal...
My dads been on this stuff since before I was born, over 22 years. My mom always said thats when he lost his grip on reality. Anybody else experience that with a loved one?
It’s the Sackler’s. They will continue to manipulate until they get their way.
How much money should they get to keep? Zero. Zero dollars. No stocks, no investments, no property, no possessions. And also life in prison for participating in the deaths of hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people. Only billionaires can poison hundreds of thousands of people and get away with it.
My God, I had no idea of the extent The Sacklers & Perdue have gone, to keep innocent people addicted to the poisons they create. I’m sharing this website wide & far - thank you John Oliver for opening my eyes & understanding this.
The Slacker's could not have accomplished what they achieved without the help of thousands of corrupt doctors and administrators.
The "justice" system in the United States never ceases to amaze me. Someone can kill over 100 000 people and get away with it, by paying a totally insignificant fine in relation to their wealth.  And on the other end of the spectrum, poor black people can get executed on the spot by the police, if they are suspected of paying with a false 20 dollar bill.
That domain name price is pure savagery.  Love it!  Thank you @ lastweektonight for talking about this at length.
anybody else see thanos in steve millers face?
I hate these people.  I lost my Twin to these drugs!!! All because she believed in her Doctors!!! They lied about EVERYTHING!!!
I'm pretty sure back in the day The French figured out exactly how to punish rich people who fucked over an entire country.
RIP. Shari Lewis. :(
Thanks for coming through with a hit of opioid content
How wrong is it that one can talk opioid problems, without bringing up kratom.  Which was made illegal in India only because of a state run opium trade. …
The Sackler corporation shares the Sacklers' soul.
Chapter 1034 of Hell Yeah Capitalism And Fuck Socialism And The People! The US has a long way to go before they can be "the greatest country in the world".
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
John McWhorter & Noam Chomsky?
*sells opioids* "How was I to know it was addictive?"
My mom's life was worth way more than 48k 😭
"The Sacklers" sounds like a family of Onceler knock-offs.
Thank YOU for your research and sharing #TRUTH
Oxycodone is a controlled substance.  Unless people are making it in their basements, it requires a physician's prescription to obtain.  Shouldn't those who prescribe it, also be held liable?
Dunno why John is surprised a corporation is used as legal shield. One semester of business law, & my takeaway was that's one of the main reasons to incorporate.
Frankly, anyone that makes at least 1 million by damaging society, should have all of their assets seized, and then get publicly beheaded.
Did ANYONE think that any of the owners of that company would lose money or go to jail? In a country whose legal system considers companies PERSONS and thereby allows them to spend unlimited money to bri... *cough* support politicians, because "money is speech". Haha. The USA are a joke. A very bad joke. But hey, USA number 1 - in being stupid and bad to citizens who do not have billions of Dollars.  This does not even hurt the company. What is 8 billion to them? One year worth of profit? If even that?  For killing hundreds of thousands of people. More than the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have killed on both sides combined.
I absolutely think that John has done more for our country than most politicians. This man brings reasonable thought with practical skills. We need more thinkers like this in the world. Let’s highlight the failures and fix them.
Now doctors just leave you writhing in pain because they don't want you addicted. My good friend got into an argument with his great aunt hospice doc who refused to give his dying aunt any meds claiming addiction risk.
sometimes I wonder, who the hell downvotes this stuff?
John Oliver is a national treasure
Big Pharma now got a more profitable business: the covid vaccine.
Interested on how this will develop as is one of the few health crisises that affect white people as much as everyone else. Maybe well get some justice because of that, maybe..
*cough* guillotine *cough*
yaaayyy capitalism...wooooo....
They have a Medical school in the U.S., and Israel! Those two places should strip the Sackler Famliy name off of their walls!   https://www.sacklerschool.org/about-3/welcome/  And pure evil is what they are!!!
It may seem to you and many others that evil people like this are escaping punishment, but they won't. In this life or the next, their negative karma will catch up to them. They failed their spiritual opportunities miserably. They earned this life of wealth from prior lives of right thought and action, but fell in this one. A common pattern of humans in general.
In large-scale societies, all roads lead to oligarchy.
I wish John Oliver could run for president.  Since he can't, can we get Dave Chappelle to try?
I have HBO, but this is just more data efficient. Love ya, Johnny boiiiiii  !
Land of the Free ... to do get away with whatever you want if you have enough money.
Rich people do horrible thing shielded behind a corporation and gets away with literally murder. Same old same old, sadly.
All I see is a legal cartel here
One rich guy wishing another rich guy dies in space. Classic.
We direly need to teach “Critical Thinking & Rational Skepticism”, “Financial Literacy & Wealth Development ”, and “Practical Ethics & Citizenship” as required courses in all high schools.
"Sackers are a J*wish-American family..." - Oh, not surprised. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sackler_family
Allowing them to just change their address to shop around for a judge that was favorable is something that should really be illegal. Everyday thousands of people are getting arrested and spending years in jail because of their addiction to opioids. Meanwhile the people responsible are living high with billions of dollars. They punish low level drug dealers with a pound of weed worse than these people are eve4 going to get and yet they're the worst drug dealers of all.
"I don't know what I would have done differently *not* knowing what I know now. If I *didn't* know this would happen I don't know what I would have done differently"
Can't the Sacklers be prosecuted for high treason? I mean, spreading a highly addictive drug through the entirety of the United States, poses a severe attack on the national security, doesn't it? I mean, there were soldiers, government employees and government agents, that got addicted. This in fact severely compromises the national security. Just my two cents🤷‍♂️
Do you want justice? That's exactly what you'll get, just us.......
Wait wait, almost 5 billion isn't enough?
2:59 "billionare goes to space and dies there" is simply the most disappointing thing I have ever seen John Oliver say. Expressing joy over someone's potential death is simply the only thing that cannot be done, not even as a joke, assuming you want to win over people's attention and respect.
Oxi being dangerous was something we knew right away, they were selling for 1$ per milligram as soon as they hit the streets. I was a teenager in the 90’s, we knew it was a hardcore drug then and here they are decades later still pretending they didn’t know what they were doing. We knew so I’m sure they did too. I could believe they didn’t intend to kill people but they absolutely intended for people to gobble them up and become dependent.
They filed for bankruptcy after most of there money has been transferred to Switzerland.  One word;  GREED AND LIES TO THE PUBLIC .
"Hear your doctors on COVID"  "Hear your doctors on opioids"
Another brilliant episode of LWT.... Makes you wonder if there is ANY difference between this company and, say, El Chapo Guzman and his cartel.  Ruthless, disrespectful and clueless, in addition to lacking empathy.... Let's only hope they will face justice ⚖️ and the families will get their piece of the pie which is trickling away every day. #LastWeekTonight
Just burn it all down and start over.
I love this show because it constantly motivates me to get and invest in the US! The promised land where you can get rich at other expenses with no punishment 🤑🤑🤑
11:33-11:48 👀👀👀👀🤣😱😱😱😱         ….I swear to whatever *“God”* is “up there” I was thinking about *’THIS IS THE SONG THAT DOESN’T END’* after I awakened this morning…I haven’t sang or thought about that song in years…I want my mind and consciousness back….GIVE IT BACK!!!!!!!
Anti-semitism!
Sacklers are going to buy whoever owns HBO these days just to fire John.
shiiiet, this better blow up
I have a feeling this was just John's gameplan to a cool 10 bil all along.
Eat the fucking rich alive
Just making it to expensive for people who really need it. Reason heroine and others making a come back.
Please cover the current lawsuit from the state of California vs. Activision/Blizzard!  There is a lot wrong in the video game industry.  Sexual harassment (Ubisoft, Riot games, and Activision/Blizzard are just some of the big ones), absurd executive payouts while workers get laid off (Bobby Kotick), and most importantly lootboxes (a gambling mechanic used in games that are "suitable for children").  There are even cryptofarms that are farming Electric Arts currency INSTEAD OF cryptocurrency b/c it is more profitable.
"Sacklers" sound like either an evil Hobbit clan with a history of looting, or the villains of a Dr Seuss story who fire the protagonists from their job so they don't have to pay them.
Thanks, John and your writers and crew and graphics people and website builders and Richard Kind and everybody connected.
Let's storm Joss Sackler's insta @josssackler That b... called John Oliver an idiot. The audacity! Not taking one bit if responsobility for the BIGGEST health crisis
Better than the Long decent into their own private hell. May the lost RIP, and this is not over,  Thank you John. It continues to affect people who I love. I was one of lucky ones who made it without dying, just barely... You called BULLSHIT, on BULLSHIT!!! Linguistic you xo
Je suis spracken no soy in V languages.
Consequences!? We don't want consequences! What are we? People?
Once again I'm going to ask why you spend so much time on opiates when there's a LEGAL poison that has absolutely ZERO medicinal benefits & kills more people every year than EVERY ILLICIT DRUG COMBINED! Yes, I'm talking about alcohol. All you need to create an instant asshole, potential spouse/child abuser & dangerous driver not to mention how it literally destroys multiple organs in the Human body. Maybe you should dedicate a bit of time to that topic, John.
its not like the twin towers was a land mark or something
Will you pls air the episode about the 11 day Israeli aggression on Gaza , got it seems YouTube has tacked it off few minutes after being aired
70,000 people is 20,000 MORE people than American soldiers who died in Vietnam.
You are angry at the wrong people.  The judicial system allows the endless trial delays and the endless odd complexities that make this last forever and be worthless in the end.  These judges know what they are doing, and we let them do it.  An overhaul is necessary.
Rich people in America always wind up fine in the end. They have their money and their freedom.
This is reminder, there are two law systems in US - one for the rich (and cops) and the other for anyone else.
This is why the French built Guillotines.
Just a thought, in a sales organization, ride alongs between a rep and upper management is typically a reward - you 'get to' sell with the big dogs.  Just a thought.
Just so we're clear, the broken system John & his team have uncovered is largely the same system folks are trusting to now be transparent & focused on the greater good 😂 That's the true comedy here!
All the Sacklers should be required as part of the settlements to aquire the middle name Ball.
Guarantee the Sackler family, CEO’s & drs prescribing this stuff, are the biggest addicts out there…they get the “good” stuff, while it’s cut & cut & cut to the public! 🙄
DOWN WITH THE SACKLERS!!!!
When a weekly satire show unveils such information in such meticulous detail my heart feels heavy for the many who died
Oxycontin nearly destroyed my life. I will be on Suboxone, most likely, for the rest of my life.
Ooh that shade! Love it!
So basically they are a drug cartel and the doctors are the drug dealers.
Love it 🥰 thank you for all your efforts and I appreciate you!
We live in a world where comedians deliver actual important news and facts and new channels deliver lies and agendas.
the sacklers look like what i expected them to look like. demon like.
We should just reintroduce the death penalty and apply it to the owner of companies that kill people as well. Basically if you profit from something you should be legally accountable for it.
10 billion is exactly right!
This is doubly relevant because:  *this shows why the "Big Pharma wants to vax us for the money" is a load of BS.* Given the money pharmaceutical companies make from pain killers and opiates, orchestrating a pandemic so they can sell _maybe_ everybody 2 vaccinations *per year* ?  When they can get people to swallow double that amount of pain killers *per day* ?   Yep.  That's exactly how much sense that specific conspiracy fairy tale makes.
Let's say....... 10 Billion dollars 💸 💵
Never forget this: None of them has apologized. For anything. Ever. And they made El Chapo money on Oxy, while it killled and sickened millions of Americans.
"Rowter", John, really?
Voidable disposition
Producer: "So, John, you wanna bodyslam linguists or the Sacklers in this segment?" John: "Yes."
Best believe the sacklers will endure fewer consequences for selling billions of oxycontin pills than you or I would endure for being caught selling just 1
They need to be criminally charged.
Glad to see this stay in the news but need to add that Sacklers are also making money off of rehab centers, where the addicted go to get help from the opioids the Sackerls are pushing- talk about full service! Thanks, John!
"They're gonna regret fucking with a linguist." Not if he's a cunning one.
Richard Kind is such a treasure.
Fucking well done. This is why America is great. There is a view from everyone and this perspective was needed. Bravo.
John Oliver is honestly a hero
Pierce the veil
Chili's is awful
As someone who has a linguistics degree, sometimes I wonder if it’s easier to get hired with an English major 😩  Edit: if you’re considering linguistics, I did have a lot more fun learning Language Facts than I would have reading Chaucer, and I work in tech now 🤷🏻‍♀️
John you literally f****d the linguistic.👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🧐🧐🧐🧐🧐🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪😆😆😆😆😆
Nothing is going to happen now or in the future, so why do we even care? We let the uber wealthy get away with everything but act outraged everytime.
ah yes, our favourite villains that take your sack at night
Linguist, fucked with
Richard Kinds voice and facial expressions are a world treasure. I love anything that continues to immortalize his work. Thanks for reminding me that you hired him to do that sackler bit.  OMG You crazy bastards, you got Richard again! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why not just let us presume everything you show is true instead of saying, "It's true!" after every bit?
The Sacklers: Making you wish that Agent 47 was real since 1995.
I would love to see John Oliver on Hot Ones, chowing down hot chicken wings with Sean Evans and talking to each other with their hands only. LOL
Kathy Sackler looks like she on opioids.
The progression of grey hair as the Opioid crisis still continues
In high school we had a health class on the affects of oxycotin. In 2007 a year later i had surgery. They perscibed me oxycotin as a pain reliever. My family had an issue with addiction for a long time, and i was born prematurely addicted to heroin. I had to get detoxed as a baby. So i decided not to take the pills. I was in so much pain after the surgery i contemplated suicide. Thank god i did not take that fucking pill. And thank you to my highschool for teaching that class.
"What more do you want?" All of it, and jail time.
I couldn't find the Pesto Chicken recipe, but there was a lot of other very interesting information.
Also, when someone asks "What more do you want?" in a situation like this... I want this family utterly ruined. I want them to have to live as the people whose lives they destroyed have to. I want them to understand that being rich doesn't make you a better person and often times makes you the worst of people.   Eat the rich.
i would rather the govt walk away and just let all the civil cases proceed than give them immunity
rich people decide they can sacrifice 4 billion to become above the law.
Loved this keep up the great work John and the rest of the team!
Why do Americans still support hyper capitalism even though every super rich family that comes up in the media behaves like shit, showing that no single entity should have so much power...
At one point, Americans need to learn to control their worthless emotions and withstand minor aches instead of taking ten pills every time they have a toothache. It's time to take responsibility.
It's pretty evil to wish death on a man for the way a business is ran. Two wrongs...
Dick Sack ler
Why can't people just execute them?.
In a decade, John Oliver will be making a similar episode but this time based on covid vaccines... strange how opioids and big pharma raise people’s eyebrows but the same people don’t blink when they are shoving experimental vaccines on everyone with soaring stock prices
Now put up the numbers of OD deaths due to oxycodone alone...not many right? Hmm maybe we should flood the streets with oxy cheaper than fentanyl and we will see those deaths go back down. Legalize EVERYTHING.
Fact: None of these individuals,  families,  network of  oligarchs,  will ever pass the humility,  purity Fkng test of " for the people " greater good,  and love thy neighbor.  I am so angry and becoming more cynical by the second.
I took Oxycontin/Oxycodone  5mg when I had BONE CANCER- an egg sized tumor growing on my spine and rib.  My dosage was 5mg, which I took 3-4 times per day at my worst point in time.  I couldn't believe to learn there were doses as high as 40mg!  Fortunately, I've been cancer free for almost 10 years, and haven't taken Oxycontin in over 5 years.
I love Richard Kind so much.
Nothing changes. The wealthy murder the poor then act indignant and like victims themselves when attempts are made to hold them accountable. The only truly people are the wealthy. If you have enough money for lawyers, you can get away with anything
I'd be impressed if Shari Lewis threatened to kill the president from beyond the grave.
John Oliver is addicted to doing Opioid...shows... Get help man.
HOW MANY BILLIONS DO YOU GET TO KEEP
Use your resources to draft some actual useful legislation that would prevent this abuse, or acknowledge this piece's sensationalist profit value is dependent on their wrongdoings.     Private individuals and businesses can submit legislation for review by governing bodies, and neglecting that tool will be leaving a meaningful method of impactful change unused.
Please do one on Exxon Mobile and how they bought a judge and are still holding the environmental activist lawyer- Steven Donziger! It’s absolutely insane! Having money means you get to live under a different judicial system. I hope this entire family gets what they deserve. Somehow..
Rich people don't go to jail, only poor people in Mexico, in the USA it is the same.
Ahh yes, opiods! An integral part of the generational despair required to control them. We've been masterfully played.
Department of Justice,  everyone.
i hope last week tonight does a piece on line 3... there needs to be more public attention brought to it
Dude I think You Crossed the Line. You Are Not the Judge, Jury and Executioner all in One. You Are Just a Clown with Clever Writers taking on Issues that are Neither Here nor There for a Pay Network. Where's the Funny? Oh Yeah; It was Never Really There. Jason Jones Save Us from all these Bad, Bad Picks for Hosts!
Every time, every fucking time, I'm more and more amazed that a country that sees 2 mass shootings a week for no reason, can let this kind of shit slide without at least trying to get rid of those blood-sucking parasites.
Masterpiece again that will piss the Sacklers of hard! <3
There is no liability for the covid injections either. If you take it, you're on your own, and these companies don't give a fuk about you
That sackler family graphic tho...
I don't understand how exactly but all the sackler people look like poorly drawn cartoon villains.
Bullshit thing to whine about, the deaths that is. At least those that died died doing what they love.  Now as for the family pulling flagrantly illegal bullshit via legalities... they should just literally hang pure and simple
Honestly as much as I hate seeing the bad guy get away with it... It's kind of just how this world works and at the very least I'd like to see the people harmed get some sort of help at the end of the day. Justice is a beautiful thought but too often it isn't realistic in the world we live in. They did what they did, people died, they get away with it. A disgusting cycle that I don't see ending anytime soon but I'd love for the universe to prove me wrong y'know?
I wonder how many people remember Lambchop.  I am older than dirt and was a child when Lambchop was popular.  Maybe John is actually Methuselah.
no subtitles again?
thank you for standing with the truth against the strongest for the weak!
Very rarely do I think speech not covered by the first amendment should be used, but I find more and more the inability to advocate for imminent lawless action frustrating.
John, when you announce the price at the end, you have to raise your pinky and put it in the corner of your mouth, then really pronounce the “BILLion.”
I never miss a show but I wait til Monday morning for John. Why ruin Sunday.😂
So Purdue Pharma is like a Sack of Sacklers?
The more you look at the truth the more it blinds you..author unknown
they should all do life without and all their assets seized.
His name was Dick Sackler?
I was just in the VA hospital getting a pacemaker they did a great job but I alarmed by one thing. After the surgery my shoulder was hurting really bad and the nurse asked me if I wanted some oxy i declined the guy across for me yelling he wanted his oxy and they gave it to him. It seemed to me the nurses were too comfortable with giving people oxy maybe to just shut them up Other that the VA was amazing even the food was great
Is every “system” in this country irreparably broken? Apparently so! Big pharma, congress, the economy... Not a F-ing thing in this country works anymore!
An informative show but again I ask you to Please shine a light on the VA Healthcare system veterans are dying everyday.  They are not getting the treatment they need. They are dying from opiods, suicide,  and lack of medication. Please help bring attention to this. These men and women have done so much for this country and now are being ignored.
Kevin Meany would have been perfect for the "I don't know" part.
Opioid addiction for the most part of the self-induced problem so Do i care that junkies die no
LLC stands for Limited Liability Company. Law is for order (of the establishment/rich) and not for justice.
Hunter Biden's art sales?
If there was any justice in this country these people should be dragged out in the streets and shot like the dogs they are
Rome is burning people... wake up
I don't know, man... some linguists can be pretty cunning.... :)
You never could be too rich or too thin but when it comes to the rich there's a lot of portly ones out there.
Incredible.
Richard Kind is a treasure
With the opioid epidemic raging on things like John's overview seem like another ad for oxys..just a thought
And people wonder why riots happen...
They are drug dealers. Rich legal drug dealers, imagine if El Chapo had the same strings and access as the Sacklers do.
Well then , How convenient, hmmmmmmmmm! Shout-out to Church Lady.
The joyous nitrogen optimally zoom because explanation ganguly laugh regarding a redundant william. oceanic, insidious crocus
Who wants to see Sacklers and Trumps swim with the fishies?
This is hard mode now that the Murray Energy suit is over.
I wonder how much John and HBO pay for lawyers based on this show.
Does a double negative cancels out a double negative?
Pablo Escobar could have learned a few tricks from these guys.  How to produce a  drug pushers musical to promote sales.  But especially how not to go to jail or get killed.
Always appreciate the effort put into these episodes. Keep fighting the good fight!
That I don't know guy sounds like a junky. I'm pretty sure this family is high on their own stash.
That disgusting attitude that boils down to "let justice be served? Fine, but only on my conditions, because you're such a pest. But it's not like I have to, justice is a privilege for you (but a right for me of course). You should be glad I'm so merciful as to give you this much."
This is just one of many reasons why corporations SHOULD NOT be considered "persons" under the Privileges and Immunities Clause. They are businesses operated by citizens and not "persons" in and of themselves....  Our laws are outdated and simply - STUPID.
Pain let's us understand eachother and I'm pretty sure way too many rich people are on medication that mitigate pain making them ok with how things are going for everyone else...kinda makes you anti-human..on the upside those not on them get to have a full human experience.
I don't like the billionaire goes to space and die thing
endless litigations that lead that company and family into the poor house sounds good to me, even if lawyers already have way to much money when they are a closed loop (lawyers exist to combat the effects produced by lawyers) but at least that company and family won't have it they have proven they aren't worthy of it.
There’s a new mini series coming out in October that aims to cover all aspects of the opioid epidemic. Dopesick I think it’s called. Hopefully it’s can have a similar effect that the movie Spotlight had on the Catholic Church and shed a bit more public light on the insidious behaviors of Purdue and the Sacklers. Fuck those people, they deserve to die without a penny left.
Whoever made the title image with the tree for this episode deserves a raise. That’s just genuinely excellent political art.
" it [Oxy cottin] makes valium feel like warm tea" Dan Akroyd - Gross Point Blank, movie. Was the first time i heard of it... in 1997!
Yes nothing like being a legal drug dealer. We need to get the product out there. Profit profit profit! Monotone man. Differently? I am sure you tried, oh wait, thinking the Katching!
Richard kind is amazing
thank you for carrying the torch on from Mr. Stewart, this piece was amazing.
That over the shoulder graphic of the oxy roots / money tree is weirdly incredible, kudos to the graphic designer
dude, do my coutry.
Isnt capitalisme a fantastic system??
All these pieces of shit that have more money than they can imagine what to do with gotta go, profit from our misery, empowerment, and modern slavery, but in this particular case, on top of all that, they are selling poison and pushing it through all means necessary to stack those billions.
When Money equals Power, those with power can do whatever they want. Money though, as a concept, will always lead to it as a use of power. Sooo..  Get. Rid. Of. It.
Respect the Sacklers! #alllivesmatter haha
came here straight from megatrons HoF speech..
John Oliver out here giving us truth. I also recommend documentary The Crime of the Century, shocking to see how this was so badly and maliciously mishandled
This makes me think of what the Catholic church is doing in NY and NJ right now.  Would you please do a story of Theodore McCarrick?
In Europe. The owners would have gotten jail sentences
10:06 that (An english major wasting more time) is a funny joke.
This is corporate propaganda. John Oliver makes millions of dollars working for Time Warner, an insanely rich $80 billion capitalist company. He gets paid handsomely and is incentivized through prestigious awards to spread corporate propaganda to the younger generation. If he was truly a “bold” and “daring” journalist the goes where most others won’t go, his show wouldn’t platform on HBO. There would be an attempt by our elitist class to derail him.
Here is the problem, legal opiates are no the problem, it is Mexican and Chinese FENTANYL. Killing 98% of the overdose deaths. Not my , not DEA, but medical /police info put together over the last two years. But pill mills in 5states 4in the confederacy, are responsible for an deaths
I am thinking that Judge  needs a good forensic accountant or two.
Sackler's deserve capital punishment much more than average death row inmates
So, that's it? That's the end of the story? After all the suffering they've caused, the Sackler family faces no real consequences, and there's nothing anyone can do about it?
Billionaires breaking the law and not being held accountable or punished in any way? What a shock. Capitalism of this kind is a scourge. They should be tried for every death they caused. That would make companies think twice about this shit.
Opioids are a necessary evil. Do the Sacklers owe money to Jon Thoday or something? Because this shit got 3 episodes and counting
Then the family buys at&t or HBO and takes the domain. Lol
how many extreme indifference murders can the sacklers commit without being prosecuted?  black kids selling one pill are going to prison.
Ok so I'm not defending the Sacklers and/or Purdue but I find it a bit cringey that John Oliver basically pulled a similar thing as the people who said Jill Biden wasn't a real doctor. I mean your writers are better than that. Also just want to point out that NONE of this actually stops the sale of Oxycodone. The lawsuits, all of the pageantry of "we got to do something" in congress, etc. It does nothing. While everyone has found a "boogey man" in the Sacklers, some of whom should face jail time, and Purdue, it's still getting sold. In 2018 there was 16 million prescriptions. That number is expected to increase. So while the FDA has pulled a few of these items off the market, maybe they should do that a bit more.
Every single day I discover more people that deserve some brutal street justice, this is the one thing I'm excited for when society collapses
What will you do with the 10 billion they will pay to prove a point ?
If we got justice, the Sacklers would be naked on the streets.
Still could be hope that the Sacklers will face legal repercussions in other countries... look up "What Perdue Pharma's bankruptcy filing means for Canada"
Sacklers pay the 10billion
John Oliver, you are a legend!
What a horrible family!  I hope the name lives forever in shame.
(John, did I side-swipe you? Sorry. I’m normally very peaceful. Except sometimes…)  <smile>
The Settlement should be that the Sacklers have to pay a percentage of what they make every year forever.    They have ruined people's lives forever, so it's only fair that they would have to pay forever.
They should be in prison for the rest of their lives. They profited off the deaths and suffering of untold number of Americans.
God bless you folks
The Sacklers sling dope and murder people from penthouses and get to keep their billions. A true american cartel!
Those nutty sacklers!
This this sickening, the sacklers and the board of purdue shouldn't have to pay billions, they should rot in jail until they die. So many lifes ruined by those drugdealers, they are worse than a drug cartel and they aren't even afraid of jailtime. The system have to change and held the wealthy and corporations accountable for their crimes.
Eb theDoc And Macarena Cabral? This old Doc is also an old, polyglot linguist. Retired. But lively! I’ve been told I can be quite intimidating, at times, when I get my dander up!  <grin>
HBO made it
My friends son moved from Opiates to Heroin.  His 4yo daughter was being raped by the local dealer while he and his partner passed out in the room.  Now - I know that the Sacklers did not sell Heroin or promote Heroin or approve of child sexual abuse. BUT there is a clear line between their wickedness and these horrible consequences.  FK the SACKLERS
EVERYONE GO WATCH "CRIME OF THE CENTURY" we are a country of opiates and big pharma controls our gov. Right and left. Please go watch
Remember that Chappelle Show skit where Tron was treated like a rich white guy, and the rich white guy was treated like a black drug dealer?
I almost couldn't listen to this, because I'm so ticked off at that family  but that linguist joke made nit all worth while
The most depressing trilogy since the Star Wars prequels
Would be nice to have episode about Blizzard
Thank you for continuing to cover this. I lost my 10 year partnership/marriage to the opioid (and benzo) epidemic. Addiction is a terrible thing, and when your dealer is a trusted doctor giving it to you legally it's just a special kind of fucked up.
When are we gonna learn that our entire system just doesn’t work unless you have shit tons of money?
makes sense that perdue means lost/rotten in french
Join your local chapter of the dsa and get involved. A better world is possible, if we build it together. dsausa.org
Sacklers: "it's so sad that people think we're horrible people" Families of victim: "damn, I kinda don't care"
Fear Big FARMA!......... Unless it is a brand new vacine, in that case trust blindly and do not think criticaly.😬
JAIL is still not enough for such people! The killed other people, why should not they get a life long sentence like any heartless criminal?
Lambchop and sherry lewis reference in 2021...you do you john!
He left out the best part about the White Plains tripadvisor site. It is ONLY helicopter tours. Even under the sporting events tab, that same tour is the first option.
First 10 minutes of this video are completely useless, honestly.
SMGDH!!
If there was any justice the entire Perdue family would be hunted ala The Most Dangerous Game.
My second favourite trilogy straight after lord of the rings
Opioids are not the problem. USA presciption system is. plus obviously corruption and marketing
They used 69,710 because they couldn’t use 69,420. We got the hint tho 😎😎 Rip tho
Normally I’m not much interested in breaking up companies or taking money from individuals, be they filthy rich or not, but these people are directly responsible for ruining the lives of Soooooo many people. I know tons of people that became addicted to opiates because the kick backs their doctor got were more important than warning them patient that they would become physically addicted. The many Billions those people have should go toward paying for Drug Treatment programs
Those companies are dangerous as drugs cartels! And the show whitout  audience is way better
John just shared in his report another great example of how American politics and the judicial system are rigged to benefit the wealthy no matter the crime. If you're rich and powerful in America, you can literally get away with murder. American oligarchy is a mob of selfish, greedy murderers. They should all be fed the drugs they produce and sell at a huge profit to people in need until they are all decimated.
legal eagle could do bankrupcy laws with this
Thank you, John Oliver and Team. Job well-done, Sir, following the Money Trail. The Sacklers are a prime example for the fact that Big Pharma is America’s Number One Drug Dealer; bar none. I still have 19 of 20 Generic Oxycodone in my cabinet, from when a dental surgeon insisted I bring them to a multiple extraction, years ago. (His nurse rammed one down my gullet, while I was still woozy.)  Now, can we take on the Koch’s Fascist Fossil Fuels Mob, about the UN’s new IPCC report?
I don't know what y'all are talking about. I'm in Florida, I've had 5 neck surgeries in 4 years, am a failed back surgery patient, in the worst chronic pain and I can't get pain meds to save my life. What programs like this are refusing to report is that the majority of overdoses aren't from prescription drugs, they're from heroin after individuals in chronic pain can't get the necessary medications, so they turn to the streets to get what they need. Report the f*cking truth or don't report at all.
This looks like a weird trailer for the new season of succession
My father went to at least 5 different doctors to get oxycontin my entire childhood. He was fucked up permanently and I got a restraining order on him at 15. Then I was legally homeless and financially independent, but I still busted my ass and was able to go college. My first friend I made at college was named Clint. He was an amazing musician and wanted to be a journalist. We hung out everyday for about 5 years. My husband and I even moved into the apartment below his just because we were such good friends. He went home to visit his parents in Colorado and injured himself. He was prescribed Oxycontin for pain management. He took too many because he was really hurting and died. Fuck Oxycontin and fuck what it took from me.
Robber baron cartels.
I'm a woman and was a tile/natural stone flooring rep in the 90s.  I was also in my 20s.  Even though I wasn't selling opiods ( thank god!) I have experienced the horrible boss ride along.  It is even WORSE being a woman in this situation and being a woman in my 20s in a male driven industry (floor covering) is a freaking nightmare!  I had creepy hand on the thigh stuff, sexual jokes, barely disguised sexual innuendos and down right blatant sexualized comments on my body.  The ride along was literally being stuck in a one on one situation with the man who controlled your income as he degraded you, hit on you and bragged. Ughhhh!!! Just thinking about those years makes me want to VOMIT!!! Sales sucks hard!
Bam! Nice work team.
Every week I fall more in awe of this man.
"You are basically an English major who has wasted more time" 😂 I am so gonna use this line on my minor proff.....
Yeah,but white people: am I rite...
Can't we just...lock every single person above the age of 21 in the Sackler family in prison for the rest of their lives, liquidate the company, and use that money to help people? Occam's razor says that's the easiest and most morally correct thing to do.
Capitalism at it's WORST
Wow. I'm really hungry for some pesto chicken right now.
DO BACON’S REBELION!!! 🤯🤯
Johns problem is with limited liability companies. They exist as risk mitigation. Thats why individuals within the corporation are not held liable while the corp is found guilty.
I only fuck with cunning linguists
Government of the people by the rich for the rich.
wow. im somehow more sad than usual after watching this depression fiesta
These worthless human beings are just continuing the endless cycle of the rich being criminals & getting away with it.
We've done a million nobody listens do they.
Someone should create a guild that specifically kills rich and evil people. You may ask what qualifies as evil. I don't know. We as a society should figure it out after little to no consequences touch these sorts of people after court. That being said, I do not intend of creating such a guild or killing such people. I'm only stating that if someone did that, I would like that they did although wouldn't support it in any way other than saying I like the idea of it.
You know that many drug sales reps were cheerleaders in High School and College?  Gives the idea of a ride along whole new meanings.
Don't worry too much John, when all the people who have any interest in the company die, they'll be burning uncomfortably in Hell at 10,000°F
The site has some amazing recipes! Thanks Sad-leer family.
can someone please link or find the page with the list of companies and subsidiaries around 16:17 in the clip.
As someone who was born and raised in White Plains New York, I am both ashamed and honored that my hometown has been mentioned in a John Oliver piece!
Corruption Kills.
If these people were South Americans, they would be call Drug Dealers and Hunted down and locked up.
you can despise the Sackler's till the cows come home. I despise the fucking lawyers that find all the exit strategies for the them. It all boils down to a system that is stoked with $. What a waste of human energy
Does no one remember opium dens from westerns? Same shiz on a national scale and no safety net to kick you out when you've had enough, instead their customers just od at home!
still glad to be european
How do you have court transcripts from today on a broadcast you recorded before today?  16:40 ish court documents dated August 9, 2021… this episode aired on August 8, 2021……..?????
OMFG.... who is gonna save us from the monsters?
I myself saw a glimpse of Perdue’s emails through an article I read for an essay on the epidemic, and the way they talk and joke about it is sickening
I graduated high school in 2000 in MA. This drug RUINED us.
Unfortunately, in order to protect the addicts, many people with severe pain are going under medicated, all because doctors are afraid of being sued. Sad state of affairs in Western medicine. Kidney stones, childbirth, severe arthritis, nerve pain, post operative pain, all being denied pain medication because of the great fear of addiction. Do what other countries do; treat the addicts, and treat the rest of the patients with pain appropriately. It's not the pill that causes addiction. Pills don't jump into peoples mouths demanding that they be swallowed. Stop trying to fix defective people, and punishing the good ones.
The Sackler fam- the ones that gave tons of money to some congressional members. Was it Manchen  that got the most?
Put the Sacklers in Prison forever. Some should be on death row. They are "mass murderers"💀
Addiction isn't the only serious problem involved with the opioid crisis. People with chronic pain or recurring conditions requiring powerful pain relievers have also suffered.  I hate taking pain relievers, mainly because most of them don't work. I have a documented high resistance to pain relievers and alcohol. Tylenol, ibuprofen, and aspirin might as well be sugar pills, for all the good they do. That said, there have been a handful of times in my life where I found temporary use of painkillers necessary in order to perform daily tasks, due to injuries. These days, I have an ongoing condition that occasionally requires the use of strong painkillers so that I can perform basic tasks. Unfortunately, every one of the 4 visits I've made to the local ER in the last 4-5 years has ended up in doctors and nurses treating me like an addict looking for a fix. The last visit, just last month, culminated in the on-call doctor giving me something I later found was an anti-psychotic (Haldol). Even though I showed up in the ER pouring cold sweat, delirious, and with my heart rhythm starting to act up due to the level of pain I was feeling, that doctor was convinced it was all in my head. Because of that, I suffered through three days of intense migraines and hallucinations, on top of the high amount of pain I already had.  This is the level of fear in the medical community that is keeping addicts from obtaining narcotic prescriptions, at the expense of those who need pain management.
sick linguist burn
Oh John, lol you Crack me up, i love the website!
Pharmaceutical manufacturers are not interested in helping people. They are only interested in MONEY. How many people have been killed by their products and how many more have to die before something get done about it? Some of these drugs are far more dangerous than "street" drugs.
My friend walked into traffic and died. Prescribed Oxy for a terrible accident. Pain management Dr. is to blame. His wife also used. She died homeless and psychotic because of this horrible drug. This family most certainly have blood on their hands. Positive vibes to all struggling with addiction 🙏❤️
6:42 are they from alabama?
John oliver can spend a half hour explaining how broken some part of the capitalist system is, and then never quite take it to the next logical step
The thing is, the opioid epidemic started almost ten years ago when the government cracked down on pain medications. But instead of having a plan they just passed new legislation and thousands of doctor's offices closed overnight. Leaving their patients with no way to get the meditation they were now addicted to. The answer they got was doctor's telling them to go to methadone clinics without telling the patients that methadone was much more addictive. So now they're in contact with people who use herion & if they can't get methadone they can use herion to stop the withdrawals. A lot of people are now addicted to herion because the government didn't have a rehab plan for all the people they took off of opioids over night. They didn't even try to do anything about it until 5 years after they changed the law, even though you could plainly see what was happening.
🍿🥳🥳🥳🥳
I wonder how many people out there want to kill these guys...
Yeah... Eat The Rich
It's amazing listening and watching this and realizing that two weeks ago I was reading the New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander. She wrote about how black and brown people, mostly men, were serving long prison sentences for non-violent low level drug crimes. And then you watch this and see how the two tiered system of justice works, or as Richard Pryor said "Just us."  This is why, even as a black person, I roll my eyes at the term white privilege when it is thrown around and doesn't take into account the people who have the highest levels of such privileges.
how are the Sacklers any different from a drug cartel??  Drug pushers... don't drug dealers get their assets taken away with a fair hearing?
OH John. I hope you cover the hungarian elections next year.
Surely the entire company should be dissolved and no member of suckler family and executives are ever to be allowed to be involved in drug companies, or even better pick em up as we do with drug cartels.
And still, nobody goes to jail and they get to keep doing business and making money. This is the result of corruption, plain and simple. Vote progressive.
Start of the video - moving on.  Okay John.
I don’t know why this man is still breathing our air
Who's that White Plains judge? Any photos  of him?
Can white people just *not* be in charge anymore.  Also, sometimes, mob justice is warranted, like when you screw over an at least 48 populations. Just sayin.
I once had the choice to use OxyContin for a biopsy procedure.  Didn’t touch it. I just used an over the counter pill (I think it was ibuprofen) to deal with the pain.  If you get prescribed OxyContin/oxycodone, try to avoid it if you can. Or use half or a quarter the dose if possible.
that's the most blatant attack on linguists
God bless Richard Kind.
Hey! My sons favorite restaurant is Chili’s 🌶
What a brave man, John Oliver. When the justice system doesn’t or can’t do it’s job, at least there’s a man that’s brave enough to let everyone know what’s going on, because otherwise these things would happen, and most people would unfortunately be oblivious to the reality of what a disgusting system we have, one in which rich people, LITERALLY get away with less than a slap on their hand, and the masses pay with their lives, their pockets, and their health.
Lol, this one is first on youtube, still is not on hbo max
#Feminism
Damn it Johnathan... Keep Sherry Lewis out of this lol
If a man defrauds a person of thousands of dollars, he ends up in jail and forced to pay it back.    If a man uses a company he controls to defraud millions of people of thousands of dollars and cause hundreds of thousands of deaths, apparently he gets to stay out of jail and keep all the money.     Isn’t it funny how the world works?
Time to break out the guillotine
Well done, John Oliver. Thank you. And you cracked me up at the end: the price to the Sacklers for  your website? I said the amount right along with you: The 10 billion they transferred out of the company for themselves.
I feel sorry for big pharma. They worked really hard investing in medication and now they have to pay out. If only there was some way for them to develop a drug that everyone needs that doesn't cure - just help for a while - that everyone needs 3, 4, 5 times a year? If only
That singing thing is one of the most disturbing things I've ever seen. I lost my first love to opiates when he was only 22. I think about 1/3 of my high school graduating class has died from it. My heart goes out to others who have lost loved ones and neighbors to this epidemic.
Chronic pain sufferers have been the most effected and fucked over out of all this. Doctors are now treating super mild drugs like Tramadol like their equal to heroin and telling cancer patients to take Advil. If you think I'm kidding, just you wait until you or a loved one is in need of real and urgent pain relief.
I've taken Oxy contin, Oxycodone, Hydrocodone, Fentanyl, etc, etc.......but the only one I keep coming back to........is Mary Jane. She's just so nice to me compared to the others lol. The others are stuff I only use like when I have severe pain like a Kidney Stone or getting a wisdom tooth pulled. But there is no way you would ever catch me doing them "just because." The only one I do "just because" is Mary Jane :).
Well might be a few people can get together....and give them an offer they can't refuse... IE God Father.....
Ten _billlllllion_ dollars! [Pinky to cheek.]
How rotten is a system where it’s possible for the Sackler‘s to get out of this just like that and  keep the majority of their money by using all kinds of loopholes available to those able to pay an army of lawyers? Shocking, really.
I gotta be 100% honest. Reading the Anarchist cookbook section on heroin and drugs is what made me never try opioids.......... I know !
……BallSacklers 🥴
The very purpose of limited liability companies is to limit the liability of the owners. The idea is that it encourages people to take risks, since a failed company won't burden you indefinitely. Unfortunately, it also protects people who are the modern equivalent of raiders.
I am what’s known as a doctor induced addict. At just 13 I started having oxy shoveled at me for minor injuries. By the time I was 16 I was a major addict. I spent 10 years living my life every day having to find a way to keep talking it, not that that was difficult because they just kept giving me more until I was on more than my brother who is a cancer patient. I finally after my kids were born got clean and have been for 2 years. What these people and their marketing along with the doctors they paid all need to have the book thrown at them and to be remembered for this forever. It’s not just adults who knew what they were doing like people like to say, they pushed this crap on kids because I’m not the only one. My story isn’t special it’s just one of millions.
I was going to propose marriage, but I don't want to give the wrong impression, and I'm rarely speechless, but I'm dumbfounded watching you speak, I guess I could just leave it at: you are completelyF#€KINGINCREDIBLE
I'm so full of rage about this. I understand the need. But I lost my aunt, a cousin, and more. I was almost one of these dead. But that they can't be heard is engaging. They went out of their way to make the problem. I was on Oxycontin and oxycodone. Both. I was in so much despair that I couldn't escape the pain and I knew I was addicted as hell that I considered suicide, every day, for years.
They should all be getting prison time, in addition to having all their money taken.
But I thought corporations were people....
Love the site, much better than theirs.  You are my favorite angry bird!
Videos like these make me depressed after having issues due to opioids for the past decade or more, seeing all these lawsuits for people getting money, and realizing I’m still suffering  Pretty sure I could’ve been part of these class action lawsuits but a law firm in Chicago called me, I told them I needed them to call me back on a different phone that didn’t have problems.. and they never called me back. Ouch  “Boom. Linguist, f**ked with” That one got me  I became addicted to oxycontin as a high school student too.. back in 2003. No money for me
Remember to use all parts of the billionaire🦬
They should be charged with the Rico act
Sell! Sell! Sell!
Youre trying to tell me that some very gifted person managed to name their son DICK SACKLER?????
No wonder  aliens are snatching people up. they're trying to figure out how we are so dumb
Wonder if Drug Dealers can sue Purdue for creating opioids
I cannot tell people enough about the pure evil of Big Pharma salespeople since the 60's. Personally witnessed salespeople throw private parties inviting pre-med students at Rutgers....selling sex as well  ;(
My doctor put me on oxycontin I never took them!  I heard stories about it and my friend lost her son because of it. These people are horrible
I wonder if they were Black if the justice system would react differently to them
When you have to go to comedians for real news, the world is in trouble.... Love y'all's work! Keep doing an amazing job!!
FUC$@NG BANKRUPTCY? FOR BILLIONAIRES?
Completely understand the rage and agree to the broken justice system. Not only should you confiscate every penny made from fueling the opiod crisis, they should spend time behind bars!
I got my tonsils removed as an adult, and  even though it meant that I suffered through severe pain for a week and a half, I 100% stand by my choice to not even open the bottle of oxycodon that was prescribed to me.   My doctor was shocked when I brought the sealed bottle to him for disposal at my post-op appointment. 😂
"My four year old said."  Oh fuck off Rebecca...
I agree 100% but where's the accountability by the drug pushing doctors? ( no wonder I don't  trust drs. anymore)
Not 10 billion, make it 30 billion with 20% interest compounded daily for every life cut short because of their greed.
Austin Powers lame twin brother. Lmao
# no.1, I sure hope this isn’t what happens to a certain wealthy Family Business that seems to be under quite a few INVESTIGATIONS lately 😀😀
Eh, to be honest I view corruption in America only getting worse.
“A tasteful plaque acknowledges generous donations from the Zacklerz, of opioid industry fame. Wait, that can’t be right. Zacklerz?” “They changed their name to be more relatable to younger juries.” –Flesh of the Killer
4:50 you can hear his lizard voice
Behind every great fortune lies a great crime. (Balzac).
👏👏👏 Fkn epic ending
Should have been 11 billion fir the site.. smh
"We're rich? For how long?"  I wanna castrate a fool that doesn't understand that 0.001% of that family wealth would still make him rich.
The website was taken down!!! 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Purdues' are illegal drug dealers. The corporation has the rights of citizens, but is protected from personal liability. REPEAL Citizens United.
As a linguist, I gotta say that I was not expecting this savagery in my direction.
Nobody goes to jail. Corporate people like these need to be waterboarded
Wow. The Michael Keaton impression was spot on
Richard Kind is a national treasure.
so john seems pretty deadset on getting sued by this family huh
I'm glad that when I was given Oxy, it made me violently ill. Which is a weird thing to say...but you can't get addicted to something you can't keep in your body.
"And 3rd, there's a movie coming out about Oxy and we wanna ride that wave."
Sack the Sacklers          🖕😡
White Privilage in America , Rub the shit in our faces. Thanks America
So disappointed/depressed by the first 15 seconds!
Every time they make one of these websites I always wish they had ads. No, I'm not a fan of the ads, but it would be great to earn some money for the cause and then funnel that money back to that cause, whatever that might be.  I'm a broke momma, but I'll click some ads to help a cause! All day 😎 *Sharing the website on all my SM #FuckTheSacklers #OpiodEpidemic ...better spell check real quick.. 🤔
I was wondering when I missed I and II
Correction: Marc Antony was intimidated by Cicero.
I try to see the good in everyone, but complete garbage people comes to mind when I think of this family. I just can’t understand the mindset at all.
So the Sacklers are responsible for the biggest drug epidemic of a generation, can get out of all responsibility for it with no legal ramifications whatsoever, and can end up richer than they ever were before? ...Seems legit. 🤔
English major who wasted more time lol
I actually went to high school (and middle school) with two of the youngest Sackler, who were adopted as babies. I had no earthly idea who their family was (and frankly, from all I know, the two of them have mostly run away from all of this, but having that much money means you can just... do that). They were very polite (and kind of dim), but they still benefitted greatly from all of this.
The Sacklers should be sacked as Rome was sacked by the Huns and Vandals.
Dear John Oliver and LastWeek Tonight team: Thank you so much for professionally trolling the trash of our society and providing the publicity needed for important and ignored social problems.
Not at all sympathetic to the Sacklers, but if you have a PhD then you should be called 'Dr'.
What about the crimes of Rothchilds, the JP Morgan Chase people,  the ones running Federal reserve, the Halliburton people etc??? They did way more damage,  for way more decades. When are we going to hold them accountable for their crimes against humanity?
I had a surgery last year and I was surprised to see they gave me Oxy. I took it that same day since I figured that would be the worst pain and I should use the big guns then, but it was so terrible! I threw up 7 times in the night until blood was coming out. My body absolutely rejected it! I took the super strong tylenol they had given me once I was done puking out all the Oxy and immediately felt better. No vomiting and minimal pain, it seemed so weird to me that they didn't warn me that could happen and that they didn't just give me tylenol if the dose was enough to handle the pain. They didn't even monitor it once I told them I didn't take it, they just told me I should throw it away at a hospital whenever I had time.
Thank you John Oliver and crew for always educating us and shining a flashlight under America's fridge on the cockroaches that infest us.
just another case of people with money and power getting away with murder. we need to bring back the guillotine
duck the usa
I think Tom Scott would have some choice words for you John! I could see him and his Citation Needed posse intimidate the shit out of you
What a cunning linguist.
Boom linguist fucked with!
That guy looks like the bad guy from Corpse Bride
I guess Richard Sackler really is a "Dick Sack".
opioids might have killed hundreds of thousands but there are way more people whose lives have been completely destroyed even if they are alive and that's the real number. the scale of the crisis is infuriatingly big..
So why are drug kingpins in jail while this family enjoys their freedoms? Because they failed to pay taxes, people they k!lled? Because the net effect between this pharma company and cartels is the same
Oh no, everyone's bullying the rich people, so sad     So anyways-
The sneaky father-in-law coherently blind because hospital postsynaptically charge worth a second-hand switch. guarded, equal ox
Richard doesn't look like without a turkey sandwich.
I think money changed hands between the Sacklers and that bankruptcy judge...
The domain is still for sale- I guess they didn’t actually buy it?
there is no current instutiotianel racism. If there is, show it.
One minute and 43 seconds into your postJ.O.& and I've already got a comment: " never try your own Supply"
The Sackler family are descendants of Isaac Sackler and his wife Sophie (née Greenberg), Jewish immigrants to the United States
Gotta love the voice actors xD
Thank for the sacklers family, killings many americans in the name of democracy and god save america. They should be santified by all the evangelicals pastors and praised the lord for killing the bad weed and of the white americans praise the lord aleluya and let them continuos produce more pills aleluya
How can I help?
Best use of Richard Kind since "Lucius Lavin".
Democrats:  "Let's destroy the entire economy with authoritarian lockdowns and mask mandates, then print money like there's no tomorrow and use that inflationary fiat to pay people to stay at home" > Drug use and drug overdoses increase dramatically > *surprised Pikachu face*
On behalf of West Virginians everywhere thank you! This crisis has been killing my home state and it seems like people don’t care.
I'm not surprised by this at all the system favors the rich .
Thank you for providing this update John Oliver. Its BS that the Sacklers are not being held accountable and it bummed me out soo much that I told everybody at my work (couple months back when I found out) just to let them know of this injustice. I know life is a bitch sometimes with good and downs but it makes you wonder how the world is being really run when you have assholes like the sackler family committing crimes.
Thank you for keeping this alive in the public mind.
Since corporations are people too, can I re-think my position on the death penalty?
You should talk to my 4 year old. He’d call bullshit on you my favorite Englishmen.
Sure hope I get to meet a Sackler someday, I will make their life a living hell.
One of the tragedies of the epidemic that doesn't get talked about enough is that people who NEED pain relief can no longer receive it. I have daily pain that is a 6-8 on the pain scale, and I have no interest in daily opiate medication, because it is dangerous and debilitating, but when I have a spike and my pain goes up to a ten, I should be able to go to the hospital and get a one time dose of an opiate. I am not, nor have I ever been, addicted to opiates or any other substance, and nobody should have to deal with 10/10 pain and only be offered a fucking Tylenol
Here is the thing, this crisis (for folks who have nasty chronic pain like I do) has made getting pain meds impossible to get.  I hurt incredibly they had given me 7.5 and it allowed me to be a functional adult. I was not getting high, I used it to make it so I could walk. The worst part is addicts are still getting ahold of this stuff and folks like me who are honest and just hurting suffer.
John Oliver is so petty and I couldn’t relate more. I love that you bought the dot com 😂
Sackler family is like a smooth criminal!
Raymond and Mortimer?  Hold the phone, weren't those the greedy asshole brothers in Trading Places?!?  Oh, wait, those were Randolph and Mortimer.  Nevermind.
The moment Oliver says: "X forgot to buy/set up..." or says "[And] the reason I know this, is because..." you just know, you just _know_ that he and the LWT crew did some major trolling.
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there" You know what? That is a heartwarming story.
I like the part when he says "moving on"
And if the Sacklers happen to pony up $10M, then I'm sure Mr. Oliver will distribute the money properly to the folks who were plaintiffs.
I am an opioid addict. It started with surgeries, in 1995. My addiction started with, M.S. Contin, I heard it in that godamn song by Purdue, just now.  Where is my settlement? I was not told about addiction, or even how much these drugs bind you up. My intestines almost burst, the doctor had never seen how bad it was before. I almost died. Sent me home with 1 fentanyl patch, and I was off and running. THANKS PURDUE, FOR A LIFELONG PROBLEM...so many times I almost took the whole bottle, just wanting to end this. I get why my 3 friends committed suicide...
Time to lift the corporate veil
Would love to help develop the site. I can write an RFP if need be, just tell me where to send it and I'll make sure those deliverables are done John.
Johnson and Johnson one of the biggest pushers of the epidemic of opioids....want you to trust them with their vax?? Lol
Don't blame the sacklers, only. There is something called personal responsibility, aswell. How many people got addiction through prescription oxycontin? A handful, compared to the vast majority who used it to get high and got addicted.
Egg
I'm pretty sure all those family's would give up any and all money just to see the sacklers in jail
Thank you for letting the public be heard, at least for a time.
This is the type of content John oliver needs to stick to.
How is it possible for a company to escape paying criminal damages by just declaring bankruptcy.
Perdue is the only dealer that does "the first hit is free*"  thing. They're straight out of an 80s nightmare *Free for you unless you don't have insurance
Force feed the Sacklers Oxy every day for 6 months and then see how they feel.
Why is Chapo Guzman in jail he basically did the same the sackler family did. Right ?? They both pushed a product that kills people and they knew It would kill people
It's poisoned TWO generations..so far. Mine, my children's and it's looking like it's very likely to include my grandchildren. That "song" makes me wanna vomit considering the context and personal hell so many were unwittingly lured into. Late 90's early 2000's we had no idea of what is now common knowledge.
What they’ve done is horrible but they’ve also caused huge problems for people who actually need opioids for pain.  Some who need opioids won’t take them for fear of becoming addicted because of all of the news about the danger of taking them.  Others who need them can’t get them because doctors won’t prescribe them for fear of losing their licenses.  And doctors have not been educated on how to titrate people off opioids if they take them long term, which is the biggest problem.    I had my knee replaced and because it was so damaged I also have a huge post in my leg to support my tibia that had been previously realigned.  I can’t take anti-inflammatories because of serious stomach issues.  They gave me 10 oxycodone.  I had to make those last, supplementing with Tylenol and muscle relaxants which did nothing for the pain.  I normally don’t take opioids…in fact, I had a disk replaced in my cervical spine and never at any time after the surgery took an opioid.  But this knee replacement was very painful and all I got were 10 because that’s all they could give me without getting into trouble.  That’s just crazy.  And the opioid support groups say you can become addicted after a very small amount, which is ridiculous.  I’ve never felt anything other than pain relief, so I don’t understand why people want to take them for other reasons.  But my point is that because of what they did with pushing OxyContin, pain relief is almost illegal now.
Ok and what did you you do about it
I used to be excited when new episodes would air. Now I have to take a moment to prepare myself for what new distopian nightmare I'm about to learn about when I click. Then prepare for hours of impotent rage bc there is nothing meaningful I can do about it.  Please can we get a 4-6 minute video of Chiitan frolicking and just having a good day? It would be a great pallet cleanser before we learn about billionaires setting up factories that just slaughter and burn puppies bc it is somehow a tax write-off.    Thank you for your time whoever the community manager got stuck reading this is.
United States of America is a joke!
I propose a video installation at each art museum wing the Sacklers donated running this segment on an endless loop.
AAAAAAAAieee, Richard Kind!  One of the best players-of-stooges EVER!!!!
Best thing how Cranston, Keaton, and the others totally nailed Sacklers actual performance, month before. :D Even the checking of the documents. Just missing the sandwich. Therefore a red cub on the table. And we all know what those are usually used for :D End of hearing. Let's Beer-Pong begin :D PS: Richard Kind is the the better Richard Sackler :D Richard is Kind the other Richard s"a"cks
Best thing how Cranston, Keaton, and the others totally nailed Sacklers actual performance, month before. :D Even the checking of the documents. Just missing the sandwich. Therefore a red cub on the table. And we all know what those are usually used for :D End of hearing. Let's Beer-Pong begin :D
Man, imagine if the Sacklers were caught pulling these shenanigans in China. They aren't afraid to execute their white-collar criminals!
Something I wish John had touched on more, the settlement is paid in large part by the future profits of Purdue Pharma. That means to pay the settlement, the company has to sell more opioids. Kind of a conflict of interest there.
Dr. Joss Sackler is hardly a doctor, who gets a Ph.D. and then instead of following a life of academic pursuit opens a weird company with a weirder name.
If you get caught selling illicit drugs on that scale in the streets all of your assets are seized. Why would it be different for a company? If a street dealer did everything under an LLC, does that save them from seizure? They should take every penny made off of that particular drug during that whole time. Are they now making fentanyl?
It's an addiction epidemic not an opioid epidemic. Blaming the pharma companies for this is scapegoating and the real discussion should be about why so many people developed addictions in the first place. Sure these companies did terrible things, but the hopelessness and despair so many people feel today is the real horror.
"Opioids III - The Opioiding!"
The website doesn't work
Queue the next episode when John announces that they actually bought the website for $10B...
Richard Kind is a freaking National Treasure lol.
I've never been a drug abuser, but when I suffered a neck injury oxycontin seemed like a miracle at the time. What I didn't realize is that it was highly addictive and I spent 15 years using opioids to treat the pain and not the actual cause. My doctors didn't seem to have a problem with that, but knowing how their drug reps sold to the medical field is infuriating. And I'm lucky that I didn't allow myself to get too far gone.
I like your version better too.
Well given that the beginning of their name is sack I'm not surprised they're all a bunch of dicks.
ASSUMING ONLY DEATHS DUE TO LEGALLY PRESCRIBED OPIODS ARE COUNTED:  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE FACTS ON THE 'ABUSER VS PATIENT', OR 'THIEF VS PATIENT'. OR 'ACCIDENTAL VS SUICIDE'.  THERE ACTUALLY EXISTS PEOPLE IN PAIN WHOM USE THIS MEDICINE WITHOUT PROBLEMS.
The United States has the best justice system in the world, and it SUCKS!
10 yrs ago a team of surgeons sawed off the top of my femur and pounded a chunk of titanium into it.  I’m highly allergic to Tylenol and you can’t take Motrin after joint replacement.  That leaves aspirin. Just aspirin, because doctors are terrified to prescribe real pain meds.  Yet 70,000 people died from OD’ing on it.  I’m having a hard time getting my head around that.
So this is what real journalism looks like.
Some clunkers when you mention Hitler and seem to agree with not using a woman doctor's title (which is sexist regardless of the woman in question).
Treat them like they were black and selling weed!  FFS, this country is a travesty.
1:10 sadly thanks to tight coporate compliance stuff these great performances cant really be done anymore without everyone getting fired right after :)
who cares, big pharma kills us, tobacco kills us, who fucking cares
The more people go to space means more kids get interested in stem means more people to prevent climate change. Space science is important! It inspired me to be engineer.
Dude dinner at chili’s is great
Damn its nice if you are rich in the US.
Opiods II: The sequel Opiods III: Opiods Reloaded
Damn, if lupin was real... And in America
This would be a good time for a billionaire to come and one-up Sackler's deal, under the condition that they don't get that deal.
This is what happens when you give corporations the same standing under the law as individual people
The old site still exists
I want to see the Sacklers in prison. They committed manslaughter.
Don’t hate the player hate the game (capitalism)
The people of the USA have a constitution. The people of the USA have laws. The people of the USA do not always have justice, because justice comes at a price. Money determines the measure of justice in the USA.
Does anyone else notice that Fox Mulder was apparently moonlighting as a corporate event entertainer to sing with Oxycontin execs? The truth is out there...
With enough money you can even get away with murder
Nothing proposed does anything to even start mending the unimaginable damage done to victims and families of these monsters. Purdue and the Sacklers should be paying for the rehab bulls if everyone that Oxycontin ever poisoned. They need to pay the families of those who lost their lives to their drugs and their lies. These criminals should see prison time and forfeit every red cent they made lying about their dangerous products. All 11 billion of the Sackler's fortune should go to start rebuilding the lives of the people who they have harmed.
america is sick, and the only cure is marxism  eat the rich, sieze the means of production, abolish private property (which is not PERSONAL property, so no, no one is coming for your house or toothbrush).
Guillotines are cheaper, gives the family's a chance to tell the oppressors to there face how they feel, all there money gets redistributed, and im hungry...
Corporations are people until they need to be held accountable
Why not name the judge? It’s so convenient what he does, I wonder if he receives kick backs. Would be interesting if he lived in a mansion. 🤔
I'm surprised they didn't use "eternally".
If these monsters get away with this America is beyond saving if people are dumb enough to just let the sacklers walk off with billions there’s no way that America is going to continue to exist being run by so many morons
Hello John!   Thank you and your co-workers for your many year of highlighting information that important, but not as well lit as it should be.   I know this topic will probably be a conflict of interest for you since I am sure that the higherups (aka. the people who pay for the show) won't like it very much.  John. The financial treason/terrorism that has been going on, on Wall Street needs to see the light of day. It is VITAL for the future and wellbeing of millions of people, that we do not let this behavior continue. I don't have to mention what it is that I am referring to, as I am sure you are already well aware. Entire GENERATIONS of people have been robbed of a future, by the so called "elite" that runs Wall Street, and it will continue if no-one does anything about it.   “The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”  Help us John. Talk about the Apes. Please.
If they pleaded guilty to felony, why they only got money to pay which they don't if they bankrupt, Catholic Church in USA style? Prosecute them and lock up in ADX Florence together with El Chapo and other drug dealers.
JUST LIKE PABLO ESCOBAR BUT ELEGANT!
Can’t disagree with the take on the Sacker’s here, but can we discuss how current policy on opioids is causing high rates of suicide and over dose as people that actually need pain medication can’t get it?
wait... but... John, aren't you the boss?
Wow. John Oliver is the biggest, meanest bulldog currently in News media. No one has the balls.
Justice in this case is gonna be something no less than, I don’t know, say, sentencing the Sacklers to death by opioid overdose, maybe?
When the only penalty for crime is a fine, crime is legal for the rich.  - I forget.  You’re doing god’s work, Oliver and Kind.
I haven't killed anyone, and yet in my lifetime I'll earn not-even-a-fraction of what the Sackler faction has made off of oxycotin.
sadly... there is a LOT more damage.now the ppl who desperately need this drug cannot get it.... i havent had it in 3 yrs thanks for the PAIN sacklers
all 551 down votes are from Sackler relatives
Excuse me for a moment, i have to throw up.
I was told there would be chicken recipes on the site. There are no chicken recipes. 1-star do not recommend 🤣🤣
Are we surprised that a legal system designed by the rich and powerful shields them
Did you.. Wait. Did you just allude to 9/11 secrets through SitCom transition shots... like friends when they changed the episode(s)
How no one with the Sackler name has been charged with a felony is ABSOLUTELY FUCKING RIDICULOUS....
Lampchop is a puppet???
I'm interested in that pesto chicken
Saying your company is culpable but you aren't is like saying "The dog I trained to bite people is guilty for biting people, not me."
Is justice about being paid what you are owed or about hurting those that hurt you. Do you want to hurt the sacklers, or do you want them to pay what they owe? You seem frustrated that these aren't the same thing, John.
This is written and presented awesomely
And critics wonder why Hollywood frequently makes big business the evil villain. Business leaders are soul less shareholder shills.
Dropping down and making a comment at just 27 seconds in.  I knew well enough about the addictiveness of opioids a DECADE ago, that I wanted to make sure my pain meds from Tonsil removal did not contain any.  To recollection, that is the Only surgery that has put me in a sleep state.
I live in huntington west virginia. These people are the reason I have to walk around armed at 1pm.
Remember when dropping 20k lawyers from a plane was considered a Good Start?  We need to get back to that.
After watching more....whats so new about this. A corporation took advantage of folks??? I care about junkies-said no one ever
Ironically, that Oxy-themed cover of “Shout” perfectly simulates how it feels to be high on OxyContin.
I wonder how many salesfolks were truly turned off by that mangling of "Shout"?
If you or I stole a soda, we would go to jail! The Sacklers killed thousands, making billions and will simply enjoy their penthouses.
Note:  Shari Lewis has been dead since 1998.  I'd hope that, should she decide to do something from the afterlife, it would be to have Lamp Chop assassinate the previous POTUS.  Just sayin'.
1:13 Is that song an original or a cover? If the latter, what is the original song's name?
thats why not every rock band beetles :D
At the start I hoping to get more Richard Kind. I was not disappointed.
They'll buy it for 10 bill, just depends how many years you give them to pay it, apparently............
Just one thing I'd like to point out really quickly about that "billionaire dies in space" thing.  Given the reliability of rockets, and the questionable construction of some of them, that's probably more prediction than hypothetical.
I dont understand why Americans are not protesting against this🤔
Nice
The whiplash from hearing a opioid Isley brothers parody in the first 4 minutes got me Oscar nominated. Fantastic work
If I made a product that killed and caused addiction, I would not get to keep the money that I made off of it. I would not get to keep my freedom. But if you make a pharmaceutical drug? You get special treatment because America is a fucking joke country.
Anyone have a link for the make me want to shout OxyContin song ?
Hey guys, let's start a corporation and hire a hitman to kill the Sackler family through it! Apparently there's no legal consequence for that.
My mother succumbed to Fentanyl just a few short months ago, after a 20 year battle with opiates after a prescription. The company I work for was bought by a certain large pharmaceutical company, so now I work for them. There are not words to describe the combination of feelings these two bring me.
Fucking systems!
Advil is more effective than codine.
Dude, I ate at a chili’s last week because I got a close friend whose stuck in the early 2000s and we met for lunch. It was the worst. Food was awful.
If you're addicted to (a) substance(s) and want to kick it, look into psilocybin. If it works so well for heroin/opium addicts it will likely work for you as well :) It is political/controversial in some countries because it works and is 100% natural, denying big pharma a lot of money from offering one of their half-assed "solutions" that is often worse than the condition itself.  One of the best things with psilocybin is that you don't have to stay on it forever.  It does its job, you kick the substance abuse, and then you stop taking the psilocybin as well.  However, self-dosing is ill-advised and medical professionals should supervise since kicking substance abuse could bring with it complications. Recommend you watch a documentary or read some (scientific and journalistic) papers about it, or ask your doctor.
Could you imagine being called out for something terrible you did and not even being able to string together a fake apology. Like even the world's fakest apology, sure no one would believe it, but at least it would make some sense.
Dr. Joss Sackler has gotten a bad rap. Totally unfair. She is in fact a cunning linguist and master debater.  BTW I stole part of this idea from a comment by @matsujonen: "I'm a linguist a cunning linguist you might say. Although because of the pandemic I've become more of a Master Debator." I had the cunning linguist part but missed the master debater. Many thanks.
In april, I tried to kill myself using oxy i had left over from an accident last year. I had left over pills because they gave me a an unnecessarily large prescription.
For some odd reason, I thought they were related to the Sackvilles of the UK.
You've done three shows on the opioid crises. How about doing a show about chronic pain and how the government's war on opioids has impacted us.
How does that judge in white plains sleep at night, I mean the sacklers sleep on money but him???
Remember when the DuPont heir raped his 3 year old daughter and only got house arrest for it because "he wouldn't fare well in prison"? Rich people don't face real consequences in this country, even when they admit to being monsters.
So it turns out that Richard Kind was the most accurate Richard Sackler. Who saw *that* coming?
"I'm a mom; I'm not happy with *anything*," is a heck of a sentence.
11:30 This reminds me of how the developer of our HOA (the previous builder, developer, runs multiple companies and shell companies alone, who literally embezzled 10s of thousands from our HOA and refused to relinquish the HOA after all home plots were sold off and self sustained) kept saying “well I’m not my company, my company may have done some things but it’s not me, quit saying my name- it’s [company name] that you are accusing”. And after talking to a lawyer- yeah, that’s the game, LLC shields you from personal liability.
Absolutely disgusting.  This country is so fucked
Good people get sucked into the illicit drug market.
*I am bookmarking this for tonight to watch, but as somebody who works at an addiction treatment center this is going to be a fun one*
i think it's been long established that we have a legal system in this country, NOT a justice system - and rarely the twain shall meet...
These guys make Pablo Escobar look like an amature. Way to go America, kill off the population, and reward the killers.
The amazing amount white privilege and entitlement is astonishing given the Sackler's in this case...starting with Slick Willy letting legal opioid loose upon the country to the light slap on the hand with these sackler scumbags...  Centrist democrats and the GOPQ are the biggest organized criminal mafia just behind the organized religious cults...
BRILLIANT! Thank you for purchasing the DOT COM and offering for sale for a reasonable price.  Yay John Oliver!!!
That dude's 4 year old is going to school with some really woke kids. These people need to be charged under the RICO act and lose all their wealth.
I went to the website, where is the chicken pesto recipe?
The opioid epidemic is also a major reason for putting kids in foster care in the US right now- which is another subject that you guys really need to cover, by the way. State governments in general have totally dropped the ball on providing for these families and their generational trauma, as well as the well-intentioned foster parents who are let down by the system (poorly-trained, poorly-paid and overworked social workers, being penalized for very minor mistakes, deferring to biological families when all evidence supports that they are NOT in the best interest of the child, unnecessary overmedication of the kids in care... the list goes on).
If "corporations are people" do they bleed?
I buried too many friends from overdoses and almost all of their addictions started in a drs office
did kathy sackler inhale joker gas?
As soon as he mentioned getting a ring light, I immediately looked at his glasses to find the reflection. Found it faster than that bastard Waldo and his smug grin.
20:51 "It is just infuriating that things are set to end so comfortably for a family that has made so much at the expense of so many"  Capitalism is a real economic system that many people unironically defend.
Having grown up in the 90s and early 2000s I can unequivocally say that anyone who ever tried oxy knew without a shadow of a doubt they were doing drugs.  Real hard-core drugs.  Within one script and they were desperately addicted.  Anyone who kept Dr. Shopping for the stuff knew what they were doing.  Sure this family didn't help the situation, but addicts are as much to blame as they are.
Of course, who can blame her? I mean, who knew opioids, which may have been considered a class of drugs of serious addiction in the 60s, 70s and 80s, would still be addictive in the new millennium?
Oxycodone helped me after a painful surgery. It has its valid uses so it's not all black & white.
Thank you 🙏🏻
The “Sell” song is something out of Michael Scott’s mind
C A P I T A L I S M
The whole family should be stripped of all that money then hung by the neck until they are dead.
It's almost as though rich people can do anything they want with no repercussions.
I know it sounds bad, but I really would like to know that chicken pesto recipe. Is it from scratch, or does Sackler have a family recipe?
What's the difference between a drug cartel and Purdue? I don't know, you tell me. OH WAIT, I do know, Drug Cartels kill fewer people.
How about public humiliation, followed by public execution?
The moment I become rich with a white collar crime I’ll move to the US. Seems to be a pretty safe space for that kind of crime
Thank the lord for the sacklers!!! They let so many people realize they are worthless junkies.
the sackville bagginses...
70k is nothing when compared to the total population. If you play stupid games, you win stupid prizes. At the end of the day, only you are responsible for your actions. No one else.
remember when far-left and far-right activists were going after these kind of rich fucks?  Me too.  i miss it.
would it be cool or sad if they paid that amount for the website...
"Three times they're completely out of breath for no reason" That's so true, hahaah
There are some people that my principle of never supporting the death penalty for gets rather shaky
I can't imagine being so rich that I can move to suit my needs vs the current lawsuits against me.
@leagaleagle thoughts on this?
Rich people rationalizing their bullshit.
Yet another good reason why capitalism needs to end.
So, it seems the only way for any of the Sacjlers to pay for what they did would be to shoot them in the face.
The more they act indifferent to what they've done...the more likely they should probably never go out in public ever again...my advice is to transfer your money to the Grand Caymans and get a one-way flight...
Oh John, please throw yourself out of the car in the middle of the freeway, that would be your best episode
Ewwww!  Don't f*ck with a *linguist!* Quivering in my boots.
I think we fixed the OxyContin problem with Fentanyl.  😳
If karma was real. Sackler’s gross family should 🔥 🔥
They should be barred from ever being in the pharmacy biz and also be sent to jail... Also the doctors that took money from them to push OXY for no reason should also be charged, and the money they are fined should be used to start a nation wide treatment and education center to help future people not get addicted, cuz we have to file them all accountable..m which includes the people that took the OXY, I knew crib the time I was 12 that opiates were addictive and dangerous, but they also are a huge help and guidance l god send for people on pain
Oh boy, new last week tonight, I can’t wait to get depressed!
From the moment he trashed them for buying the .info instead of the .com at the beginning of the show, we all knew where this was going.
No matter what you try to do, I'll always know him as Dr Link, DDS
I smell another lawsuit coming your way. Can't wait for eat shit Bob 2: Sackler boogaloo.
Eat the Sacklers
Keep in mind this. The only reason why they are getting away with this is cause they are white Americans. If they were any other color or nationality our media and government would be going after them.
White collar criminals: 1 Victims.                        : 0 Godbless capitalism 🇺🇸
All these CEOs and politicians sure don't know much, do they?
👍👍😎✌️
The old singing dude could have had a promising, fulfilling career as an opera singer but instead he chose to exploit the sick.
Money is worth more than human life. They deserve DEATH.
Sackler Family = Drug Kingpins.  If you are who this 'label' usually is applied to, what happens to ALL of your assets?  (HINT: all of your assets are confiscated and you have little recourse to get them back).  Why doesn't this happen to the Sackler Family?  You can argue about the legality or morality of  the laws around asset confiscation.  But my argument and my point is:  WHY do these Sackler Family criminals get treated differently?  Indeed, what makes a 'white collar' criminal, and why do they get a separate legal system and "justice"?
So let me get his straight the same people that reap the benefits of the pandemic they sowed are not separates from the negative externalities that they caused but still entitled to being free with billions and no criminal history yet we have individuals sitting in jail for marijuana and mushrooms?? Safe to say that history sure does rhyme, and this song is sounding like Pre lude to the end of this country, and by its own undoing. More and more as this shit is allowed, the populous loses faith and even consideration for law and order which has now become a pay to play system.
Hey John can you do me a favor? Can you do another story saying how while doctors were prescribing opioids in a reckless manner, the laws that have been passed have made it almost impossible for anyone suffering a debilitating condition to get treatment for that condition without going to the street. How many cortisone shots t.e.m.s.  machines sessions physical therapy sessions shots of Toridol (horrible for the kidneys.), And assorted other nonsense do people have to go through to be prescribed pain medication? I'm tired of doctors who take an oath to cause no harm having their hands tied by lawmakers, so now they get to choose how my quality of life is. Do you know how frustrating it is to be told at 42 by a doctor hey why don't you just switch careers? Like it's going to be that easy. I became a machinist after being a commercial fisherman because it was an easier job. It's just ignorance in this country now around this subject and it needs to stop. We need to hold the secular responsible and everybody else they're nothing but heroin dealers. But doctors should be able to do their jobs.
Framing the issue as addiction is costing chronic pain folks their dignity their ability their very lives . nothing is all true as framed . omitting any concern for medical pain costs lives no one is counting as doing so does not tingle with pleasure like prejudice against pain .
"String theory is complicated, this is just yucky"
This week on, "what else is fukd about the US"
Running a Dopesick (Hulu Oxy tv series) commercial during this is top YouTube content
that ending was absolutely fucking savage. absolutely no one on the internet trolls for justice like John Oliver
Big pharma= legal drug dealers  They don't care cause they make ridiculous money 🤷‍♂️
The 1 percent have done disgusting things to be in that 1 percent. All could and should be in jail. Killed so many innocent people. It’s a scary world.  I’m glad I’m 45 lol.
The Sackler family along with Pfizer, J&J and others spent hundreds of millions of dollars over the past 6+ years fighting legal liability for the opioid crisis and resulting deaths across the U.S.  To put it into perspective, every year, we lost more than 3 to 5 times the number of deaths in the 9/11 attacks to opioid overdoses, and that's been happening for more than a decade and half now.   Most of the resurgence in the use of heroin can be traced to people habituated to prescription opioids.  Had these "defendants" instead given this money to centers dedicated to treating opioid addiction, the situation would NOT concerning now.
So you guys have 2A but use it for political purposes but not for cleaning up such filth ....... God bless America
No Michael Keaton this time?
Anyone else watch the casual criminalist? NEVER WRITE DOWN YOUR CRIMES
Epic Critique of Noam Chomsky
Richard kind is a national fucking treasure
Ahhh beauty of chapter 11… welcome to America
Aww man, I wanted to see Omar say "I don't know" a bunch of times lol
You might want to add a little Google Ads campaign for the search phrase "judge for yourselves" in order to be on top of the search results.
Did you know China sends most of the illegal opioids through casinos in Vancouver in Canada?  I wish that was only a conspiracy theory, bit there have been several in-depth journalism reports and books released... :(
Noam Chomsky hates you now, John.
As an addict in recovery who started on OC and went to fentanyl  all I want to do is shoot these people, but would gladly settle for a lawsuit.
skip court.  just take care of them if ye get my drift...
Ah but what about a cunning linguist?  I was being treated for chronic back and hip pain, no oxycontin, just 10mg percocets. As the _crisis_ accelerated I was being increasingly treated like I was on parole (monthly office visits, bi-monthly piss tests, etc) I finally said fuck it and decided to kick the pills, take the pain and get occasional illegal relief with marijuana. Now medical cannabis is legal and the same fucking clinic that would've dumped me if I tested positive for cannabis is now in the cannabis business. Thanks a fucking lot.
Money is the root of all evil. Or at least, the love for it is.
John: *Serious topic about one family's role in the opioid crisis* Me: _Haha Dick Sackler haha_
John Oliver is the definition of Chaotic Good
I'm a mom. I am not happy with it either. I deal with this shit personally with a family member. What if it was their child?
Okay, here's where my decade of selling my soul for bullshit snake oil peddlers online might be helpful ... if you go to Google Search or Bing or wherever, type in the phrase "judge for yourselves" and scroll DOWN until you see a page with the .COM link there (do NOT click on any other sites please!). Then click on the .COM link and just spend 3-5 minutes or so on the site - visit at least 2-3 pages, watch the video on the home page, read some of the letters and move your cursor along with the words.  Why? Because right now those sacks of shit Sacklers are in Position 1 for "judge for yourselves" - and Google uses your click, your time on site, and most importantly HOW QUICKLY YOU LEAVE THE SITE AND VISIT GOOGLE AGAIN as metrics to determine if this project should eventually outrank the Sacklers' .INFO site.  You can spend 3-5 minutes to do your part. Hell, I just did it on my desktop, mobile and laptop for different devices to help with skewing the metrics in the .COM's favor.  There are plenty of ways to tweak Mr Oliver's site to outrank the Sacklers' site, but this is the one that EVERYONE watching this video can spare a few minutes to carry out.
Sadly I live in a country (USA) that cares only about wealth and money and not the common person.
Fuck im glad that in Europe our doctors cant sell us products that we don't need because of some sales rep, since its illegal to help protect people and there health, in this case the US government has failed as much as the people pushing the drugs as they could have stepped in and created legislation, but couldn't be fucked to do it
This is one of those rare heart warming issues that actually bring people on the left and the right together on their hatred of these assholes
Oh shit, it's Lucius Lavin'!  Richard Kind is comedic excellence!
Surprised he didn't mention The Crime of the Century documentary: https://www.hbo.com/documentaries/the-crime-of-the-century Highly worth watching.....
Hype for that Michael Keaton Hulu series on this, he does look like Sackler
4:09 they look like the evil antagonist in a Disney movie
"Non-consensual third-party release" sounds like it as the same  context "legalized rape"...
Now the small sackler girl quoted being four knows how the other children felt when their parents were taken by her family.
Teamocil vibes with that OxyContin song
Justice is an illusion and there is no hope.
Thing is opioids are good, I just hate people who need it can't get it and it is weird people seem to don't need it get it easily.
No dummy. Companies are people now. Haven't you been around for the last 10 years?
Hey, just because your British constitution can't handle even the mildest of spices, that's no need to call the very mildly spicy food at Chili's poison.
I say they be held accountable personally and not let them wiggle out of they're obligations... It was they're actions that cause this so lets hold them to the same standard as the average citizen !!! Strip them of everything and then execute them !!!
Perhaps the most wise decision I've ever made was in 2008 when, after being partially recovered from an accident that nearly killed me, I took my prescribed bottle of 375 ml of liquid oxycontin outside and dumped the contents onto the ground.
The REAL drug dealers of America.. Its sad when you can go to prison for selling a little pot which is a naturally grown plant, but getting millions of Americans addicted to synthetic heroin, is apparently completely cool. Talk about hypocrisy
11:21 - AND WHO'S RUNNING PURDUE PHARMA, YOU FUCKING HAG?!?!?
I have reflex sympathetic dystrophy.  I need a low amount of pain medication to make it through the day.  These shows make severely injured and diseased people look like drug abusers. Please do not forget those who use pain medication responsibly.
In the words of Chris Rock,"BECAUSE IF IT'S ALLL WHITE, IT'S ALLL RIGHT!!!"
4:32 I don't understand how this is wrong
No settlement that doesn’t strip the sacklers of every penny is sufficient
Lets not even mention the fact that there are people out here that need medication like this for real horrible pain, but cant get it now because of this scare campaign... I know we have to protect stupid people from being stupid and doing stupid things. But how about we dont punish everyone because of a few fucking morons?
John Oliver is a big damn hero!
I live in White Plains and I am offended.        JK
"A public health crisis that has exposed the failures of American institutions."   My goodness, every problem is not caused or solved by massive institutions and governments. We are not all hapless lab rats in their experiment. He assumes a point that nobody except a lib accepts unquestioningly: that governments and institutions are the solution to all our problems, rather than the cause of many of them.
My smart as hell cousin was in a car wreck in college and prescribed this BS.  It has been a struggle that now has led him to prison.  This family 😡
Justice has never applied to royalty. Today is no different, in spite of the lack of titles.
This family makes EL CHAPO look like a small time drug dealer.
Just say no, what's so hard about that?
I've been waiting all my life to hear the sentence, " if Lambchop threatened to kill the president", and just didn't know it.
$12 Billion. Leaving that family with any assets and no jail time is not justifiable. They need to feel the pain of their victims, on the street, not knowing where their next meal will come from, and no prospects to better their financial position. Bonus points if they are constantly jonesing for another hit of OxyContin at the same time.
LOLz take it or leave it... I might not be so merciful next time around is a US kind of justice RICH tell POOR what is just and POOR accept or suffer more
Someone get Legal Eagle and Lawful Masses on this video, I want the YouTube lawfolk to DRAG this suit and SCREAM ABOUT IT
It looks like the images have broken on the site. Just letting you know so it can be fixed and look legit
They really do always dieeee
I'm sending my linguist friend the linguist bit LOL
I love you J.O!
Too bad you don't do a story on Hunter Biden but then again, you'd have to dismantle your own party. 🤣😜
#NoBillions
As usual, nicely done - kudos to the show's staff. This story encapsulates all that is wrong with our so-called "justice" system. Until wealthy people can be duly punished & thoroughly rehabilitated we are failing to do justice. The concept of a corporation as a "person" must be disposed of unless you can sensibly describe how you can put a corporation in a jail cell. But the PEOPLE responsible for abhorrent behavior MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE. What's been settled on is complete BS.
Price is too cheap, it still leaves a billion between them. Instead of "we're rich, for how long?" David Sackler should be asking "Do you want fries with that?"
The Sacklers should be placed in a rehab center to witness what their opiates have done to us  the patients ?They should know what it's like to lose their money,their home,their belongings,their family members,their friends , an then they should be made to experience withdrawal symptoms from their poison pills.The. Maybe they could get a real idea as to what they have really done to the lives of so many ?
Ive been clean off heroin for 3 years, Prior to that i was strung out for 8 years, 5 on pain killers, 3 on IV heroin. fuck the Sacklers and what theyve done to other americans.
John Oliver is trying really hard to get another SLAPP suit 😂
Here's a HOT take!: The "system" sucks and the reason the "system" will not change is because it is controlled by the wealthy!
Shout out to my fellow addicts watching this who only got a little triggered
Nobody is scared of Linguists?? It depends if they're cunning.
Disgusting how Joss gives us linguists a bad name. Thanks, Joss.
Let's see if anything comes from this! Please prove to us once, we need this..
"...linguist fucked with!"  Me, a non-intimidating linguist: "Ooh! What a wonderful example of how the context of a statement takes precedence  over the assumed "inherent meaning" of assigned parts of speech!  Fuck with me more, Johnny!"
sheesh baron harkonnen is the chair of purdue?
It would not be the US of A if rich people can't get out scotch free from ruining/killing thousands of poor people.
And why is El Chapo in jail again?
I would watch a Netflix drama about the Sackler family
6:31 he was great in Stargate.
WHAT IF CAPITALISM IS BAD, JOHN?
Breaking News! Capitalism is a death cult.
No no no, this imaginary friend won't just "immediately die" : it will shit itself to death.
Fighting the good fight
The president of Perdue should have to do jail time just for that statement.
Wow! "Billionair goes into space and dies" would be a good news? Careful John, you extreme left (or rather, your writers') views are showing a bit too much...
I was. Placed on oxys and 10:other opiates for my chronic condition. For over 20yr.s and wen they got questioned I was treated like I was the addiction problem? I became their issue with Oxycontin.If I wouldn't of gotten addicted to their highly addicted opiate then they wouldn't be sued.The fact that they pushed 4different versions  and milligrams of their oxycontin pill for the doctor to prescribe makes it my fault if I was addicted!These people are vampires of the opiate world ,The defend themselves on the blood of the people their pill has killed ,caused harm to,and ruined the !Ives of the addicted.How is this fair to those of us who lost friends ,family,and our selves due to the greed of those who produce such deadly opiates for pubic use?
Haha. The sacklers.   Didn't you do an expose on them before?  Lol. Yeaaa you did two before.  The drug dealing kingpin sacklers.    Who is the judge that is agreeing to the settlement? Can he be recalled and if not can he be cited for misconduct?
Disgusting what passes for "common business practices" in this damn country.
The "Sucklers" should all end up in hell
Isn't that what the 2nd Amendment is for?
The court system has spent a very long time teaching criminals a lesson. And that lesson is: "When you commit crimes, do so under the guise of a limited liability corporation, and you can get away with it."
John Oliver is the voice we need
Richard Kind gets more Richard Kind-ier every time I see him.
We all know that Pharma companies will get away with it.... that's the downside of USA Steroid capitalism. Government too small in face of their corporations that have the licenses to kill or commit legal mass murders. Whole this capitalism has been fed to US public under pretences  of freedom and democracy neither of which seem to be available in US than in China. At least Chinese Government overall concerned about the well being of their citizens, whilst the US doesn't give a damn... and cites Freedom and Democracy. But only to those who can pay the fee for it :) for the rest are the good old dreams up their butt holes and onto the tread mill of life.
He should have done the dr.evil pinky thing when he said $10 billion.
Everyone’s ready to fuck with a linguist until that linguist is Noam Chomsky.
Fauchi killed more people
These fuckers all deserve be to be in jail. Unfortunately this epidemic is not going to stop without some major changes to overall drug policy and how treatment is approached. The treatment industry is making billions and billions of dollars with absolutely abysmal success rates. We can not arrest our way out of the problem, if we want to save lives we need immediate harm reduction measures in place and a change in how we are dealing with those who are suffering currently.
As if we needed one more proof that jail is for the poor or the extremely very few who step on powerful toes.
With a name like Sacklers you know it's a family of scrotes and who names their kid Dick Sackler?
White Plains has an ok mall and some good chinese food.
I mean. I’m not well versed in libel or copyright laws. But I’m gonna be pretty upset if i don’t get a great pesto chicken recipe.
They are just NASTY! And to think they are/(were?) considered "upper crust".
algorithm-boosting engagement comment
I really wish this had captions already... I'm sorry, John, but your english is just really fast and difficult to understand sometimes! I want to listen, but it's hard to follow along.
It's insane how I have hbo max but I still be watching this on youtube cuz the platform is so fucking trash
That song was disgusting
Intro was not the point, but still savage...
Thank you! Keep denouncing...
Shocking the lawyers all win. I hope the family is prepared for Karma. Karma doesn’t give a crap how much money you have in the end we are all equal. This family will have to be judged in the end by God and Karma will set up the meeting.
Imagine this.. these fellows are the lower tier of the mega wealthy.. one can only imagine the shit the real aristocracy gets away with. Literally the real aristocracy doesn’t even exist in public records. Can’t find pictures of them and you have to be their puppets to even have a faint idea of who they are. Forget Forbes rich list, that is the outsider rich list, the rich that can’t avoid being public figures due to the nature of their riches. Imagine people pretending not to know who came up with Microsoft line of products. The truth is in plain sight.
So, what do I do about this?!
How convenient it is to be able to contribute as much money as you want under the guise corporations are people but also be able to separate oneself from the “identity“ of said corporation when said corporation fucks up! #MoneyIsn’tFreeSpeech #CorporationsAreNotPeople
Who is that impersonator? He's a treasure! xD
Billionaire goes to space and dies there? Don't threaten me with a good time John.
Watch, this will be the same with any pursuit of Trump and his cronies as well.
I am sus at minute 3 because big companies settling is not what happens when they're getting taken to the cleaners. It happens when they wanna shut things up-- thats how fees just become the price of doing business. Its only when theres a fight, long and loud, that shit changes.   I feel at a certain level of evidence, and with crimes that defraud a group of people, settlement should go off the table and a new legal action of Surrender should go on the table-- the court will note your compliance in the matter, but everything WILL be gone through with a fine tooth comb and become public information. SETTLEMENTS SHOULD NOT BE QUIET
I have crps, nicknamed the suicide disease.  I don't misuse my medication.  Most patients don't misuse them.  So do not demonize people that need the medicine, use the medicine, and the pain doctors that prescribed the medicine.    I would be dead without pain help.  So I don't appreciate that the majority is punished for the minority.  I want my voice heard!  Y'all want us on ketamine?
Good people always suffers, the bad lives happy rich life...Is this always happening...  that is  why no one want to be a good person....
When are we as a people going to begin insisting that museums remove the Sackler name from their institutions?  In Houston at least, Ken Lay's name came off the local YMCA pretty fast.
John Oliver is going to end up dead one day.
Oh no you didn’t go after Lamb Chop! Hahaha
Letting them keep that much money is practically begging other corporations to do this again.
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏 SMASHING!
Guillotines.
Richard kind saying “I dunno” like he was high was amazing
Capitalism is the 2nd greatest evil humanity ever invented after religion.
They must have said no to something their rich friends wanted and now, you see someone is pushing for them to get f..ked. Ergo Lampcholiver is doing this. Still, they suck anyway.
Kid: "Why are my friends telling me that our family's work is killing people?"  Me: "That's because your family is selling heroin to people."
Not weird at all, who do you think writes the laws the wealthy do. Why do you think you see homeless people on the street it's because all the wealth is concentrated and to a handful of people like the Slackers
The Sacklers have probably got their kids and the grand-kids to be lawyers who now represent the family so the money cycles through the family- Trumpism is everywhere!
This is what the rich people do and what they will continue doing in the future forever!!!
As long as the 1%ers are making the laws, and have the money to influence the interpretation of laws, this will never change. As a nurse, I have closely followed the Sacklers/Perdue fiasco. But another chain in this fiasco is the shady docs who open "drug sites". They don't really have a practice, just a drug dispensing store front. Any self respecting doctor, does not prescribe this drug; and if actually needed a specific amount is prescribed. And no refills are allowed.
Opioids are great drugs for those of us dealing with chronic pain. Idiot salesmen and recreational drug users notwithstanding, the hysteria over opioids puts those of us who need them—and use them carefully—at risk
i wish someone made a song out of his I don't know
why dint just the govt just kil them. b/c of what they have done milllions died and suffered and its worst than a terorist attack
I was 16 when I was diagnosed with AS.  I found out in my early 20s my pain tolerance and unwillingness to "take a pill every day" probably saved me from being an addict later in life.  It still fucks with my mind.
If every news outlet worked at the level this show does, journalism would be the single most powerful tool for people. Amazing work you guys.
I can't believe that. Almost as bad as the sysis video great choices about fentanoyl 1600mcg that they would play to their sales reps
Interestingly enough, one of the other actors to portray Richard Sackler in LWT's videos, Michael Keaton, is starring in an upcoming Hulu miniseries about Perdue Pharma and the opioid crisis. Which I'm sure is a complete coincidence to LWT's decision to do an opioid crisis update this week.  Having said that, an update is welcome and I appreciate Last Week Tonight for doing it.
8:47 he mentions the judge website. If I know john the way I think I do then when I finish this video there is going to be another website. And a funnier one at that.
“I don’t know” is every millionaire/billionaires final answer when questioned on their corruption
This whole thing is why vigilante justice is sometimes needed.
And we wonder how Epstein got away with it
Because just like history is written by the victors the laws are written by the rich and enforced by plebes who want to be in the rich & powerful club so they bow to the rich & powerful
So if att gets in trouble for being a shady company will johnny snow flake take his share of the blame?
As a Dad who insists on going to Chili's, I feel seen
Corporations are abstractions to shield rich assholes and the rich asshole class from everybody else. A way to shield themselves from the laws and legal troubles that the poors have to deal with.   God what a fantastic system we've designed. /s
An underrepresented group that was also harmed by this family are the many people experiencing legitimate pain that would benefit from an opioid medication and are instead prescribed medications that are far less effective.
John, all that you're complaining about is just basic incorporating rules. Entrepreneurs incorporate for this very reason. And NOW, republicans like to tote the idea that corporations are people. Therefore, that is why Perdue was "convicted of a felony" and not the Sacklers. "...All around me are familiar faces, worn out places worn out faces..."
Richard Kind is awesome!!
Vaccine good but big pharma evil? Hmm.. oh wait the government funded the vaccine, we all know governments always have the best interest of the people in mind. Just look at mao Stalin and hitler. We should give up our first and second amendment to these people, they’ve shown how much they love us all throughout human history
Horrendous
So now corporations are people? I thought they weren't people and they shouldn't have free speech.
They should go down like Enron did
Another case of corporations as individuals is nonsense.  A creation of our corrupt government system.  Let me know when we can throw a company in jail or it can be drafted to serve in the military.
They can get the domain. I think there are ways to do that 😒
I could have sworn Jared Kushner was going to fix this...
See even rich white drug dealers know the benefits of hiding your can between the mattress
That newspaper clipping of the Ball-Sackler Brothers is from Hanover, PA...home of Utz chips.  HOW DARE THE BROTHERS SULLY SUCH A GOOD TOWN
This is why the world is shit.....the heartless ass system doesn't give a shit about the people or the world....just little pieces of fucking paper....this place is insane....
Hope the judge watches this whole thing
Where were state and federal authorities while this drug scam was going down................and what about the doctors that were passing this shit out?
On today's episode of "Why the US is the worst": Opioids III
I clicked on this because I thought it said “Slackers.” I was excited to learn about why my people are just the worst.
So, genuine question, does she have a degree in Linguistics or does she have a "degree" in Linguistics? And by "degree" I mean her family paid millions of dollars to a university in donations so she could attend. This is not trolling or unfair as it is well documented that the rich very very often paid Ivy League institutions for their children's admittance.
You will never hold them accountable. They have too much money and everyone has a price, judges, lawyers, and politicians. 😓
Sacklers should have to forfeit EVERYTHING. True justice won't happen until that family is ruined and suffers a fraction of the loss that they wrought upon so many other families.
Why do they hide their faces?  Maybe because they produce a highly addictive substance that's killed many people, including my aunt? I wouldn't be surprised if victims family members would murder the Sackler's in broad daylight.
You may want to retitle the video “Sackler Family” because my dyslexia read this as “Opioids III: The Slackers” and I was really pissed at you while I watched Good Mythical Morning.
Thumbs up for buying the website.
This....this is the "America " that cripples and ends humanity...
Exactly why hard drugs need to be legalized. Drug addiction needs to be treated as a mental health issue, not a criminal issue.   Legalize drugs, provide users with safe and clean drug supplies, and spend the resources normally spent on non-violent personal drug users and focus on arresting drug dealers thriving in the black market due to drug prohibition.
America's such a corrupt country loan corporations like these to get a way of such horrible atrocities, the sacklers should have lost everything.  In each membership in prison for rest of their lives.
they should not just have to pay billions in reparations money, they should also go to prison for the rest of their lives which possibly should be cut very short by the hand of the government
I like John bringing this up problem is the war on opiods has left those of us in chronic pain unable to get surgery to help the pain without pain meds. Ins won't cover the monthly cost of a pain mgnt clinic and now on Medicare it won't cover the pee in a cup lab charge.$248 a month. Primarys won't write the scripts and med marijuana not covered and too $$$ so we're just left to suffer because of addicts and overdoses.If you want to get them you have to be on hospice Medicare requires dr to say you only have 6 months or less to live. No solution for those of us living with chronic pain and not ready to die.
Drugs :JUST SAY NO TO DRUGS! If you can
If you're gonna go for a 10 billion dollar settlement for the web domain, you should also demand an admission of guilt
Very difficult to keep comments respectful when such disrespectful and soulless humans destroy families so callously.
How great that our weekly dose of depression is appropriately titled "Opiods", huh?!😁😂
You wouldn't take on Noam Chomsky John! (or at least, you shouldn't).
I literally died bc Oxycontin l was lucky n Narcan brought me back I think my life is worth more than $48,000 I lost everything bc of my addiction & I still fight my battle with addiction every single day! The Spackler should be made to take Oxycontin for a month then cut them off n let's see how they feel about it
How is it a failure of American institutions if it's exactly their point of existence? /s
Great as always, John.
That family has killed so many people. We will always remember <('L'<)
Ugh, I worked in the medical field for years and it's seriously just another corporation that sees people as dollar signs. Had to leave because I couldn't live with that evil anymore and have PTSD. This was even before covid hit. The drug reps, the shmoozing, the fraudulent billing. These are people's lives! Kills me inside. Thought going to HR would change things but I couldn't have been more wrong. Just brought on retaliation and I was naive enough at the time to think a Not for profit company was actually not about profit. So disgusted with this world
John Oliver, you are so great...
so
the status quo system always wants to maintain the status quo. of course we will never get justice from it
Oxycodone has been around forever. They just made it in extended release which meant more of it per pill. Eating 8 Percocet is the exact same thing (the narcotic even usually made at same factory) as a 40mg OxyContin. So yeah it was about sales.  Also, I can’t stand that almost everyone calls them oxycotton. It makes me irrationally angry. Especially if you’re trying to kill yourself with it, at least know the name.  The “I don’t know” sounds a lot like Trump in depositions.
1:14 Oh my fucking god…
John Oliver missed out on the perfect opportunity to connect this main story of the episode with his ongoing bit about having a man crush on Adam Driver, who came to fame via his role playing the character Adam Sackler on the HBO series Girls. I’m sure there were a few prime joke opportunities there.
Can you add captions please?
This is gross 🤢
Is there a website where you could look up every Sackler from the 2 branches that poisoned a generation? Like, really every member up to and including the 4-year-old with the really good diction?  I would be interested how many of them there are*. In general such a repository may be a valuable resource...  *Just to calculate how many people were killed by oxy per member of the family...
I'm the dick here... the troll... the asshole.... You get the idea.  I have chronic back pain.  I took Oxycontin several times when the pain reached 9 (from 1-10).  Took an hour for the pain to alleviate (down to a 3), lasted about 6 hours, then the pain ramped up, though not as high.  Then, I used a TENS machine (look it up) and some OTC meds to keep me going.  I was never addicted.  While I'm sorry about the millions of addicts and ODs, they should have had a discussion with their doctor telling the doctor that they can't function without the painkiller.  My guess is that the doctor would have prescribed a non-narcotic pain killer (BTW Gabapentin didn't work for me).  But it starts with TALKING.  Talk to your doctor about:  what's right with the treatment and what's wrong with the treatment.  wherepoliticians
19:49- the Sackler family & Purdue Pharma did not “recklessly” sell OxyContin. They AGGRESSIVELY, INTENTIONALLY, KNOWINGLY, DECEITFULLY, & MALICIOUSLY pushed an addictive product to market through their sales representatives incentivizing medical doctors (especially doctors in training, as I was during the Oxycodone roll out in the early 2000’s) while concealing its known addictive properties.  Thank you, Mr. Oliver & research staff, for once again bringing to light the details of an issue that is hurting millions of American families. Keep up the good work!!
As a french person I just want it on the record that LBV sounds as dumb in french as it does in english
Wait, you mean rich white people committed heinous crimes and were able to use the legal system to avoid any type of criminal or financial penalty through loopholes and “allies” inside the corrupt system?  Well that’s a new one.
Haha that chicks face looks terrible so they had to use only have from the side lmao
His 4 year old knows and understands the opioid crisis… mine still can’t collect all the stars in Super Mario 64
God I love it when John and HBO troll assholes like this. Money well spent imo 🤣
My respect has grown for the drug cartels. At least they have dignity.
Boom.  Linguist.  Fucked with.
Crime pays.
But VACCINES are "safe"?  WAKE UP
As much as I hate capitalist pharmaceutical companies, it’s worth noting that far fewer people overdosed on oxy, than the current street supply. Now that no one can get oxy, and our idiotic policies have made importing heroin so difficult, fentanyl has stepped in to fill the void. People who legitimately deserve prescriptions for oxy have been cut off. Sure flooding the market no doubt led to more people getting addicted, but the availability doesn’t really explain what about our country drives so many to love the feeling opioids provide. And the LACK of a clean supply is what really caused the overdose crisis. I lost two friends who almost immediately after their oxy scripts were yanked who were trying to find another source for opioids on the street. These friends led normal, happy lives taking oxycodone for years as it’s such a clean, relatively safe way to consume opioids. Both died within a few months of their supply disappearing.  We need to get a clean supply of opioids to those who need it and stop moralizing the use of opioids. It’s the only way we’re gonna stop the overdose crisis that’s happening now from the fentanyl laced crap being sold
My Sunday dose of depression, XD! Well, Monday is when I watch it
Makes sense one of the people responsible is named Dick Sac(kler).
15:45 That’s a bit harsh. It’s not NYC, but pre-pandemic, White Plains had two malls, a Barnes and Noble, an AMC, a Buffalo Wild Wings, and a regional theater that sometimes does good shows, with cheaper prices to match the fact that it isn’t Broadway. Lol
Hold on.  how can this terrible deal go through when the DOJ has said that it is unconstitutional?! That I think would be the basis by which it would not go through
Fuck, I miss painkillers..
I love your show.  Thank you 🙏
my supervisor just got fired for doing opiates at work
"This is the best we can do under the current system" absolutely sounds like a call for a new system.
Illicit, ILLEGAL Chinese Fentanyl is the true problem.  Chronic pain patients are suffering because of opioid phobia. The DEA is threatening our legitimate MDs who want to help chronic pain patients and their suffering!  Oxycontin has been a very useful medication in the MD's toolbox to help chronic pain sufferers.  Stop the opioid phobia! Every person in this country is one illness, one accident, one surgery away from unnecessary suffering!  Chronic pain patients are suffering because the CDC in 2016 wrote "guidelines" for MDs treating acute pain.  This rebound affect of opioid phobia will affect and is affecting many people in pain in this country.  Opioids have been used for years to help treat pain.  Believe it or not, IV Tylenol post total hip surgery does not help the pain.  How are post surgical patients supposed to heal and perform their PT when they are suffering in undertreated pain.  I don't care about the Sackler family or Purdue, but I do care when the federal government overreach causes unnecessary suffering. Stop being afraid of Opioids.
You can debunk purdue and sacklers with one sentence.    "I have never met a heroin addict, including myself when I first got hooked who wasnt first hooked on a prescription opiate"    No one just starts off with fentanyl or heroin, they start with pharma pills.
In EVERY encounter, the colonizer / capitalist / drug-pushing Sackler / chickenshit court system shames its invented devil.
Escobar ain't got shit on these mass murderers.
We must be living in a cinematic universe of some sort, ‘cause even the Sackler family name sounds like the name of a two-bit villain bent on robbing and getting revenge on the entire country for making fun of its name in high school. 🦹
So when are those that have brought crack cocaine in the black community will be hold accountable
What’s the difference between “The Sinaloa Cartel and El Chapo” and Purdue and the Sacklers? They both sell drugs and kill thousands of people with their drugs, but “El Chapo” is in jail.
So Purdue is a contender for causing hundreds of thousands of deaths and lost lives,...just like Trump?!  (You know, he caused and facilitated overr 600,000 deaths from Covid, growing ever greater in number as we speak....)  May they all rot in Hell.
Noam Chompsky. just sayin.
Boom! Linguist fucked with.
They all look like the are on oxy
I have never seen a more uninformed person in my life. Answering every question with I don't know. I'm surprised someone didn't ask him a math question, like one plus one. If you said I don't know, he's an idiot and stupid. Woody answer it correctly, followed by I don't know to every question about the litigation. I would love to be on the questioning board, and asking him what is your name? If he says I don't know, get him some psychiatric medical help immediately, he probably had a stroke.
This proposed settlement is a total insult to the victims of their greed & a complete farce! The Sacklers should be bankrupt & in prison for life! Corporate drug criminals make street drug dealers look trivial!
These people need to be thrown in jail for life.
This is yet another consequence of the Citizens United decision, isn’t it?
I'm so grateful that I got clean before the pandemic started. The last time I  used was December 17, 2018 👍
This is why you legalize opium, heroin, and all other opioids, or at least decriminalize them. It is how you get through life.
John Oliver has cojones. Wow. I love the way he is full out going for this horrible family and trying to get as much accountability as humanly possible in this corrupt system. Kudos.
Billionaires crying foul that they are actually being held accountable?  Oh what?  They aren't being held accountable?  Wow, color me surprised.
If they were South American or black they’d be in jail. Especially after they found the emails. The DOJ would be like “Yahtzee!”
Wouldn't you normally do something when 70000 people die? Ah yeah, money.
Give John a damn audience again!!!
Shame, shame!!!
I will accept that corporations are people when someone is prosecuted for shooting one ten times in the dick.
My Grandmother's doctor had been prescribing her Oxycodone for 31 years. Nobody in my family knew that oxy was anything other than a painkiller (yes, we're from Alabama, we're that trusting). However, when she outlived that doctor, the new doctor cut her off cold turkey from oxy. I'm sure it's no surprise to anyone that she immediately began having seizures, fell, and then had a stroke. This woman was a personal secretary to Dr. Werner Von Braun, and was given the Silver Snoopy by Apollo era astronauts. We had 31 years of her stolen from us, and now, after helping some of mankind's most brilliant minds put men on the moon, she's a vegetable before her time - unable to recognize her own family. Anyway, add another story on the pile of tragedy of the opioid epidemic.
Holding all that money for opioid assistance hostage for total immunity for all time is the most disgusting thing I've seen all week- and I had to clean maggots out of my trash can yesterday
I rem when this show could make a point and be funny at the same time i miis those days .
If you want an even deeper look into the Sackler family, read the book "Empire of Pain" by Patrick Radden Keefe.
Here’s a daily reminder to take full advantage of the rich.
Maximum liability Corps coming soon, end LLCs.!!!!!!....
One thing we can all agree on is that Richard Kind is the best of us.
Meanwhile, a kid in the Bronx is serving a 3 year sentence for selling marijuana…..
Impromptu referendum to repeal whatever the fuck legislation allows for non-consensual third-party releases: Yea or Nay? Cast your vote below!
Must be nice being rich...
That photo of Kathy was not flattering at all
Bribery.
For some fascinating reading, I recommend "Empire of Pain: the Secret History of the Sackler Dynasty" by Patrick Radden Keefe.  The Sacklers donated money *big time* to the arts & sciences, with an emphasis on getting name recognition for their donations.  Now those same institutions which flaunted the Sackler name (for huge sums of money) are running from this dynasty as fast as their privileged legs can take them.
Can we all take a moment to appreciate the graphics department that makes the thumbnail images for these stories? I feel like they've been really nailing them lately, especially this week!
Every doctor that took a kickback should lose their license and face prison time too. It's no wonder the American people have lost faith in our institutions. Every single one of them has been corrupted by these soulless rich douchebags.
11:34 (Lamb Chop example)  Are you sure about that?  Like, how sure?  Because I'm fairly well convinced that some sort of demonic possession was involved.  I'm not saying that Shari Lewis has lain down with The Devil, but I am saying that Lamb Chop gave me nightmares involving awfully large knives! Oh, and, um, drugs are bad, mmmmmm'kay?
(John shows clip of Purdue Pharma reps singing cover of "Shout") Me:  Eew, dude, I was eating!
Is it wrong that I hope that the judge in White Plains had a child that was addicted to oxycontin?
So cheating is ok, dnt ever stop, and b bold...
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there"  I prayed and prayed and prayed. Hasa diga eebowai!!!
Thank you, John!
Yeah they were obviously handson... they were soldemizing america after all👌👌👌
My family has dealt with this crisis. No one has died yet but treatment and the health cost has been horrible.  My brother pays for his medication to keep him from wanting opioids out of his pocket which I’m sure funds this family.  My sister’s health is horrible and her family is destroyed.
This show really shines when it's nonpartisan like this
No need to worry... if Lambchop threatens the President, Purdue has a pill for that too.  John, I usually disagree with you but not on this issue.  After this episode you might want to consider private security.
Yeah, gotta disagree on "nobody has ever been intimidated by a linguist". Noam Chomsky, by way of his formal education, is a linguist. That man's tongue is a weapon.
Non-consensual is a word that has never been attached to anything good.
So can I start a company/farm that grows Poppy's for hospitals and citizens suffering from pain.....
You're so deep in Teva's pocket, it's disturbing.
You know what you could also do is to hound them. Set up a site and find people devoted to exposing the Sacklers to public ridicule every time they go out in public. DO NOT HURT THEM. I am a big fan of continuous public shaming and no amount of money will be able to stop it. By having multiple people willing to use their video feeds to post the Sacklers at public events and then to ask them about opioid accidtion, will make for great viewing. They could have their lawyers draft up restraining orders but you cannot restrain millions of people who are bent on exposing you every time you show your face.
Got an ad for Hulu's new documentary called Dopestick about the opioid crisis before the vid even started willd
How bout charging all the people they paid off to that were supposed to safe guard us form stuff like this
Look Mexican cartels this is how you legally hook people onto drugs and exploit corrupt laws
Fairly certain the Sackler's have a team of unarmed body guards and protective services to keep them safe...
Rich people with no remorse
Another *it's-even-worse-than-you-thought* video, even if you read Empire of Pain. That's okay but I have to ask myself why it is that I look forward, every Sunday, to this funny-looking Brit depressing me so. It's useful I suppose. It reinforces the wisdom of my decision to own no guns because, if I did, I would have blown my brains out after watching one of these long ago.
Thank you for covering this. 5 years clean. 🧼
He would never bring up the methamphetamine crisis bc he and everyone he knows is all hopped up on em.  That's why Japan didn't let Simone Biles compete on adderall for her bogus adhd diagnosis. Adderall is a meth pill. JO is a meth head, just like all of you. Sad.
Shari lewis could not possibly go to prison because she died years ago. And lambchop is way too cute .
If you've watched John Oliver's show for any amount of time or other channels like second thought and economics explained, then you will see that our government has absolutely no interest in leading this country. They're only interest is in making sure they have plenty of money and they keep us poor and fighting amongst each other. We have to put our foot down and do something about this now or it will only get worse. The better technology they get, the easier it will be for them to keep us down.
JudgeForYoursElves feels like you're taking a website away from some rpg players
Man, i miss public burnings
There is no hope left in this world.
I live in the norther most town in the Ohio black tar heroin epidemic.
I haven't watched the episode but I already know that the sacklers can go lick a fat hairy sack.
The USA is too corrupt to believe.
Americans just don't get it.  Same with guns.
The Sacklers are disgusting individuals, but let‘s not forget about the doctors who received kickbacks and therefore prescribed opioids to teenagers.
Really fucked we have to have a 3rd episode on this
Theres 2 adjacent documentaries i'd reccomend to this aswell, 'Corporations'.    Its on the Channel Encore aswell as 'Manufacturing Consent'
thank you for your activism, @lastweektonight. 21:35
Why settle with them rather than close em outright....
Meanwhile, black men have suffered outrageous sentences for selling a bit of weed in the 70s and 80s
Those drug conventions - sell sell sell - disgust me. The usual problem of people with way too much money paying lawyers to make them untouchable.
Just don't do drugs, dummies. Or maybe accept the consequences of your actions.
It's hard watching about this opioid crisis when I am a responsible user with a genuine need for it. It's so hard for me to get now and without it I can't live my life. I want things to be different and feel terrible for the lives lost. I also want to be able to live my life without threat
So, they will be paying $10 billion to the victims out of the profits of selling to new victims? Ya gotta love aMerica.
the sacklers are in terrible danger. don't appear in public. do you know where your children are?
In all of the opioid discussions, the media (including John Oliver) doesn't mention the doctors that prescriber or the AMA.  Under Federal law, you can not get an opioid prescription without a doctor's consent (or signature).  Interesting.
That’s a mafia Family
The lambchop reference might be the best executed slap by simile I've ever seen.
They need to be jailed.
There have been wars over opiates.......between actual countries....
To be entirely fair here the FDA who approved the drug and the doctors who prescribed the drugs are more responsible than the drug company aggressively marketing it's products. Why is no one talking about how easy it was to bribe the FDA to expedite the process of getting oxycotin approved or how easy it was to bribe doctors to give glowing reviews. If anyone deserves to go to jail it should be who ever accepted that bribe and allowed this drug to be sold on the market. But also fuck the Sacklers
This the same Healey whose office has spent more than $1 Million in legal fees to defend three guilty former prosecutors facing disbarment for their roles in that huge Massachusetts drug cover up? 😳🤔 Interesting.
Did covid make John old as f
Good job John  I agree whole heartedly with everything you said in this video and yes the sackler family should be left penniless after this not left with "only" a few billion. This is the first segment i have seen in a long time where you did not force in identity politics for no reason at all or talk about how bad white people are or how the USA is just so unfair for the poor poor blacks in the disingenuous smug way you do. I am actually amazed. If you can do more of this type of thing it would be good because then you could actually get the message out about things like this without pushing half the audience away
love it
And we are supposed to believe what drug companies tell us about experimental products mandated for everyone 🤔
EAT THE RICH
That was our recent podcast interview of Cynthia Munger, a true warrior in this battle. Judge Drain's legacy will be, no matter the justification, a huge miscarriage of 'justice'. They are criminals.
I can't help but think that the 4-year-old comment is projecting a little bit.  >.>
Charge these pos. Jail them. Take their freedom as opiates have taken so many from us.
I never got "eat the rich" since they are 7 shades of shit. Do they know they will die? I say we pile up a few million for each and burn them on it, but that would be barbaric...
10:10 John your too much!!!
I have to tell you that there's probably very few people that would give a fuck if you made websites to say anything about them no matter how embarrassing, because seeing what other people think of you is probably pretty hard from their Island, looking over the heaps of dollars surrounded by their 'don't give a fuck' friends who will happily spend the money with them even if they had to take each dollar note from the mouths of the dead people reaped along the way by their decisions.   If you think about it these people make Hitler, Stalin and Ping look like the Telletubies. 👽
It feels like its time to bring guillotine back.
Here's what should happen to them: Take all the money they made of people they knowingly harmed and distribute it among them or if they died, their families. And then send them to jail.
That's why I'm gadly Brazil isn't like this. First that 'Non-Consensual Release Agreement' wouldn't even happen. Second them moving their money would add another charge for their list, and third they would be in cuffs, not paying a pittance.
How, really, how people can live in a F country that let companies to kill people for earnings or scam them.
snortable heroin
The USA is totally owned by capitalists whose only goals are to pay their investors and earn as much money for themselves as possible.
As a recovering addict, seeing those pills reminds me: I'm out of tin foil!
I am 100% heterosexual, but the information I get from this man has made me fall head over heels in love. Thank you for doing what 99.8% of news outlets are deathly afraid to do.
if you have 10 billion dollars in the bank, then it is okay to kill 50000 people each year ... USA justice at its best :-( what a country
You wanna know what irony is? A sackler having a hard opinion about drug dealers
obviously the subject matter is horrifying, but can we all appreciate the “sacklers” image with the tree? really cool
Dude, John, you set that price way too low…How about a hundred billion cause you know they will pay 10 billion and then you’ll give it to the victims families so set it higher man.
There is not enough Sherry Lewis jokes anymore. Lol
Welcome to the dark ages again where justice is made by he wealthy and up held by the corrupt, humans r so great
The Mexican cartel should list their enterprise on the NYSE.
Just checked out the website. Where’s the chicken pesto recipe?! 😉
"No one is intimidated by a linguist. You're basically an English Major who wasted more time" Dang, John's savagery knows no bounds
No surprise. Laws, like those against stealing & murder, do not apply to the rich.
Time to get their name off the saclker library at oxford
Maybe trusting doctors that get paid to prescribe drugs isn't such a good idea. The American medical system is broken. I'd rather see all that military budget going to provide healthcare, and watch the manipulative pharmaceutical companies fall.
In 10 years there will be a TV series based on this prescription opiate epidemic. It’s truly insane.
Why don’t hackers dox these awful billionaires and just make life hard for them…?
I am a recovering heroin addict with 2 years clean , I lost 10 years of my life and more friends than I’m willing to count. I started on OxyContin like everyone my age and I think that most of us who went through this would agree to forfeit any momentary compensation for a guarantee that every Sack of shit Sackler would serve a lengthy prison sentence and be forced to donate all their net worth to charity
Careful John! You have no idea who you're messing with. You really don't want to fuck with us linguists. We can totally... uh... do... uh... We can do words?... Okay, sorry your right. We're just nerds that love languages...   Still love ya though.
That promo video at the beginning is disgusting.  I know multiple tens of people with opiate issues. And basically all of them started with oxycodone and contin. Now heroin and what not. Lots of them are dead now, I even ruined my life because of it for many many years.   It bugs me that so many millions of people are fucked or dead but the companies are just fine. Makes me wanna scream when I think about it.
Already have more money than they can spend, yet have no problem KILLING people for a little more.
just wow how dumb can America system get?  al qaeda kills 8000 people America go to war sacklers kill 60000 people America dont punish them or at least tag all money earn on the crime insanity.  need to ask if i rob bank in usa and kill 10 people get 1 million can i then just pay 500000 and get away free man ?
11:18 this is where the average drug dealer goes wrong; they fail to incorporate into an LLC to be legally immune. Change the USA, hold these criminals accountable.
Here they come trying to ban kratom TODAY
If the country isn't going to do anything to help its poor/mentally disabled/depressed/veterans (spoiler alert: it isn't), are overdose deaths, especially in chronic users, even something to be lamented at this point? It's just passive eugenics in action.
Democrats be like if Trump leaves America will be great again like sure 😊
Sympathizing with Hitler now are we John? I love the comedy at times but the liberal bullshit you spew at times is nauseating
Well, John how is you can report this knowing full well this is just a tiny part of the big pharma problem. You continue to push and sell vaccines as a mouthpiece for big pharma without giving credence to any of the legitimate concerns against vaccines especially the experimental ones. How about you do a little leg work and have your researchers look into the book Virusmania or the evidence uncovered by the children's health defense.
You have no idea how much this show makes me love the country I live in.
Heeeeyyy heeyy hey. You can’t have corporations being held responsible for a drug epidemic. That might set a precedent for other corporations being prosecuted for their exploitation of drug epidemics….like the USA and the crack epidemic.. 🤔
Honestly, you could do a segment on the opioid crisis every week and I would watch every one of them
This is the best part of my Monday’s. I need to start having better Monday’s.
1886 in Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Rail Road: THE BEGINNING  OF THE END FOR THE USA - WHERE THE 2% CAN HIDE BEHIND THEIR CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP AND HAVE THE ABILITY TO RULE ALL OUR LIVES THRU CORPORATE PURCHASING OF THE SENATE AND CONGRESS!
It's not justice if there is no accountability. The Sacklers knowingly suck the very life out of people and they're as rich as ever. No justice for all the death and ruined lives. No accountability so no deterrence to keep themselves or others from doing it again. NOT justice, just a circus
Coincidentally, HBO is also worth about 10 Billion Dollars.
The pharma industry turned doctors into drug deallers, wanted to sell opioids to children, all for profit at the cost of human lives and  you want me to Trust these same industries and those same doctors on a vaccine that don't make me imune but is a glorified "health booster"  that Will "lessen the symptoms" of a Sars virus and blame the non vaccinated for the creation of leathal variation for the vaccinated.  I realy see no more evidence that the vaccine is more effective then wishfull thinking, a silver Cross or a pokémon card deck... Fully vaccinated people have died also, can't have worse symptom then death, so, How are the symptoms lessen again?
The biggest travesty is that cannabis was banned. Nobody ever died due to a cannabis overdose.
The fact that this whole family is not in jail goes to show how much you can get away with when you’re rich and white. A black man with one joint in his pocket will be sent to jail with a felony record and destroy his life. But when you’re wealthy and white you can push drugs that kills tens of thousands and still suffers no actual consequences…..
Been clean since September 2010. Fuck those guys.
I'm I the only one who's not buying the idea that all these people just so happened to get hooked on these pills by accident. I mean yes at first you're comfortable that these are safe because my doctor said so but c'mon when you take opioids you get the euphoria and after couple of weeks or a month the first slight withdraw symptoms should make you think hard.   Plus for chronic pain patient these oxys are better than most pills. Now doctors aren't prescribing these to anyone and people who really need them don't get them and they are even forced to go to the black market for something at worst heroin. This isn't so black and white as everyone seems to think it is...
You have become a bitter old man .boring
You just proved that the war on drugs is purely aimed at the poor and especially poor black people.   Some black young men are sitting in prison for selling drugs or doing drugs.   Why aren't the Sacklers? What a joke.
367 dislikes from accounts related to the Sackler family
Went straight for the throat in this one
This is all bullshit... You can't do anything John#
They should be in JAIL. Once again they have zero consequences. The money is merely blip on their financial situation.
That clip of them singing about selling oxys is fuckin hilarious
Remember kids, there are no consequences for the rich.
That's how the world really works. Every time you think you've gained a win, some obscure rule negates justice.
Ok, but let's also look at the doctors that knowingly prescribed opioids that were not necessary specifically for the sake of their own profit. While we're at it, lets give this same level of scrutiny to all of the other drug and vaccine manufacturers who consistently and intentionally put profit above public and individual health.  Bringing down the Sacklers is a good start; but lets make sure it doesn't stop until we've gotten the entire corrupt, government-incentivized  medical complex, yeah?
I'm six months sober from Heroin. I progressed from being prescribed pain pills in the early 2000s for an injury to Heroin a few years ago. I'd rather kick heroin than pain pills any day of the week.
24 minutes in a nut shell: The COMPANY committed numerous felonies. The COMPANY has been charged with felonies, but the FAMILY that ran the company gets protected from lawsuits and keeps $6.65 billion instead of $11 billion... and no one gets charged. Great negotiating DOJ.
The Sacklers should be put away for the rest of their lives.
I really was hoping Bezos rocket would explode, until I learned he was bringing an old lady along as emotional insurance.
Lol gotta love the random probably legally actionable/liable shot at chili's LOL
Isn't this the same as drug dealing just done in a corporate setting?  Rico statute?
A Louisville slugger to the side of the head 4-5x might help him remember!
They should all be in jail
It's weird because the building I work in doesn't make decisions on it's own.  The people who run it do.  PEOPLE.  INDIVIDUALS.  Super weird right?
Judgeforyourselves.com appears to be down. Maybe a DOS attack? Why would nasty hackers want to help the sacklers? Hmm... Makes a guy think, you know?
Another great example of how capitalism is destroying everything...I mean...how much longer before the greedy one percenters realize it? The world is literally burning to the ground and they're holding on for dear life to their billions like "oh no things will be fine don't worry" lmao 🤣🤣🤣
Lol real life pay to win!
filthy rich killing and making all their money on the deaths of the middle and lower class of people - God will avenge the dead - and these Sacklers will pay the price! PERFECT CASE WHERE THE USA NEED A FRENCH REVOLUTION WHERE THESE FILTHY RICH GET THE SAME TREATMENT THE FRENCH ARISTOCRACY RECEIVED!
I am in tears. I can’t tell you how much I love what you did with that website. Thank you so much for speaking the truth. I had a very close family member become addicted to opioids starting with OxyContin, and I am so thankful she survived it by her own sheer grit and determination to be done with that shit. Thank you SO MUCH for giving people a voice. This cartel has done so much damage. I practice medicine and I DO understand that there are times when opioids are necessary. It’s the way these people LIED to and bribed medical providers that makes me sick. That was before my time in medicine, and thank god they took away those kickbacks. I don’t even miss the drug rep pens.
Lol there is no consequences for the rich ever
I'm a linguist a cunning linguist you might say. Although because of the pandemic I've become more of a Master Debator
When I entered treatment for a different issue(cptsd) they demanded $3500 for the first week up front in case insurance decided to not pay even though I had been approved. A man I met there had had his parents pay $200K for his treatment and he still died of an OD days after he was released. People might see $48K as a chunk of money but it doesn’t even come close to paying for good science based treatment. The Sacklers need to lose all their money for creating this health crisis.
Perdue Pharma is trying to turn the opioid epidemic, they help create, into a profit. They’re trying to develop a similar drug to buprenorphine (suboxne) to “help” the addicts they helped create. Within some of the internal emails it shows they’ve been toying with this idea for years, just another example of them knowing Oxy was highly addictive. First they make a profit creating addicts, and then more profit with they’re addiction medication. An endless money making scheme for these pieces of shit.
They're still rich and we're still dying...Nothing new to see here folks.
I know this comment will put a target on my head, but I believe that no pharmaceutical company should profit.
this is the real reason why I'm skeptical in taking in strong medicine. how am I supposed to know which doctors are ethical? how can I believe in clinical studies when most are paid by the company trying to make a sale?  When you have to pay out of pocket (weather you have insurance or not) to check in with 2-3 doctors to be sure they say the same thing and yet still hesitant to follow them. we're too much a pill popping nation.
If someone would kill them I would not be surprised.
Name a more depressing trilogy. I'll wait.
I judged for myself.  They need to be in prison and their wealth given to families of their victims.  Thanks for letting me judge for myself Purdue Pharma!!!
Prescription drugs didn't affect the black Community because doctors didn't write black people prescription like they did white people. doctors thought black people was faking the pain so thanks to racism black people dont have to deal with the opium pandemic
They need to have "skin in the game", Sacklers that is. Aswell as everyone else ofc, anyway I have my pitchfork sharpened and torch on fire!
Why do I see my wife using the  .info page for information at some point 😧
Nobody expects them to be criminally charged? Why? Why wouldn't they be criminally charged? You know what? No! fuck that! If you live in New York the New York state attorney general is Letitia James. Contact her either through social media or by calling her office or even better do both and demand that she pursue criminal charges! Hell anyone can do this not just New York! Google your states attorney generals office, the number should come right up and call! Demand that they pursue criminal charges!
Surprise, surprise. Rich people getting away with bullshit yet again.
this deep dive into this hellish family makes me crave season 3 of Succession so hard
are u kidding i just watched opioid 2 last night
Sago John thanks
I used to be addicted to opiates... THEN i grew some balls..
This is why violence is the truest answer to anything. Our entire society should be lynching these kind of heinous monsters. Not pretending a legal system that benefits them is gunna do anything. There's nothing legal that balances the millions of lives ruined.
I'm not in any way surprised by the actions of the Sackler family, but I am a little surprised that they were able to find zealous and competent legal counsel. Purdue Pharma spent years giving doctors actual research that claimed oxycontin/oxycodone was non-addictive and suggested it could be used to treat addiction and anxiety in addition to pain. They gave out "samples" in such high numbers that people who could not afford prescription drugs often found themselves addicted to one simply because it was the cheapest option. They ruthlessly perpetrated a series of awful acts and now they are trying to protect their wealth and well being. It's gross to imagine that there are law firms that would still be willing to sell themselves to that kind of person.
I love the last part John Oliver. If you get the money put it towards M4A it helps everybody even those struggling with addiction and in pain.
And that's my friend...capitalism in a nutshell
In some other states they would have executed  the Sacklers because of endangering so many lives, tax fraud and being parasites.
Smh
Let them all die
6:25 I feel like I should know who that is he seems familiar, also he kinda reminded me of the Joker😂
So you don't even care if the victims get paid, all you care is that the Sacklers lose their money. Sounds like every democrat I have ever met in my life
look into IVC FILTERS
Well done. The System needs to be cleaned. Take the trash out onto jail
Before John even got started I said "they are rich and white they will face no real consequences"
"Some bad news" with John Oliver. :-(
When America just learned the lesson Portugal did over a decade ago...
This whole clip screams “white privilege”.
Ah hah hah @linguist joke
What is this charging and convicting a business b.s.?
Imagine they actually buy the domain. John and HBO (shocked pikachu face) 😂
Can't wait til he gets fired and replaces Bobby Kotick making billions at Activision.   Cause the video game industry is appearantly where disgraced evil goes to retire.
Last Week Tonight has taken trolling to a brand new level.  This is ART!
My Cousin's life was destroyed by the Sacklers.  I hope every single one of them becomes addicted to their own bullshit
Is it just me or did opioids explode after we invaded Afganistan.
lack of morality feeds the never ending greed.
And here sits an elitist shitting on common places us peasants live and eat, meanwhile making a show about the opioids that forced the same poor people to not be able to afford anything but chilis or olive garden.. WE are what disgusts john.. this episode was likely brought to you buy Purdue Pharma
In America you steal some beers from a gas station and you get shot while if you make a company get rich and literally kill people indirectly you get away with it.
Why am I so sad at this gross injustice? I should be immune by now...
Now that $10 Billion, can we get a payment plan? Like $10/month for a billion months? Or maybe $10K down, with balance due at the heat death of the universe?
You & your people do good work John Oliver, you do good work!!! 👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍👍 🤑Rx💊👨‍💼👨‍💼👩‍💼➡️🔥👹💀
350 Purdue execs and Sackler employees were asked to downvote this video
Get ‘em, John!
In America...PGE razes an entire town and receives a small fine (in the thousands i think) while a homeless person gets life in prison for a wayward match.  The Sacklers exploit addiction for profit, kill millions for generations, a fine.  Citizen joe pot smoker gets life in prison. Politicians force abortion, have affairs, rape, fund insurrections, nothing. A young rape victim get an abortion. She gets life in prison(under new state laws). A young hopeful mother has a miscarriage. She gets a murder charge(in some states). A priest rapes generations of children, he gets to moved to another new opulent location. the child grows up addicted to Sackler apples and becomes a felonious dug addicted unworthy discarded bag of mostly water.  Ain't America great?
I really needed that Lambchop bit in the middle of this mess! I was glad to see my state's attorney general in this story. She isn't happy with the no prison time for the Sacklers, but has said that they are out of business and that there will be money to help victims. Those online documents made our Massachusetts AG so very happy because now people will know what these people did.
Gotta love that rich people can push these drugs legally but a regular person can spend years in jail just for possession.
Gotta love Dr. Mark Devanow.
How in the fuck are things like this allowable, what this family is getting away with is monstrous
Great story.  Endo Pharmaceuticals sold over three times as many opioid pills as Purdue Pharma.
I get daily emails from the Democratic National Committee begging me for money. John Oliver does more with $50 than the DNCC does with any donation I am willing to give them. I think if John Oliver ever asks for donations - he's getting my money.
And the whole time they told us the monsters were under the bed….
This isn't a crisis. Just a bunch of old white people who can't handle there high, while telling us what drugs we can and can't use.
Can Black people sue the FBI for the crack epidemic?
Where is the Pesto Chicken recipe?
There is nothing new or weird about any of this. Just buisness as usual , with every billionaire company/family finger fucking the American Pie, till there is  only crumbs to small for any mouse. The PUNCHline...WE are the crumbs. 🤮🤮🤮😪😪😪
Sacklers? Again?
Oh look, it's another episode of  "rich people get their way without suffering any negative consequences at all to the detrement of literally anyone else involved". Love this show, it's kind of repetitive at times though.
*Urge to eat the rich intensifies*
It seems to me the sacklers are real Americans, real patriots : they used the system to become billionaires at the expense of thousands of other Americans ; that's what you're supposed to do, isn't it? 🤨
I hope they're haunted  by the hundreds of thousands of people that their drugs killed. I'm a firm believer in karma and by god do they have some karma coming their way. You know they're not one bit sorry when all they're worried about is protecting their money. Scum of the highest degree.
That catholic family is doing the best they could to repair the little damage they have caused.
Evil rules the world.
Good news: Billionaire goes to space and ... 😂
I don't think people think of a BILLION as a THOUSAND MILLION.
A PhD in linguistics: an English major that wasted more time.  🤣
Here’s an idea for a fourth opioid episode… The nation’s overall response to the opioid epidemic versus the crack epidemic.
As an English major who's been wasting time: Joss, sit the fuck down.
Thank you Richard Kind for all of your work.
My friend's father recently overdosed and was found in a dumpster. ( He apparently had hoped the garbage truck would just take his body away so no one would have to clean up after him ). I traveled home to visit and comfort her when her aunt then overdosed in her apartment. Over the next 3 days, 2 more unrelated people in the apartment building died from overdoses. I couldn't believe it, it really is an epidemic...
They killed thousands...they belong in jail for life.
G.K Chesterton in 1909 presciently addressed the Sackler family's bountiful philanthropic donations. "Philanthropy, as far as I can see, is rapidly becoming the recognisable mark of a wicked man. We have often sneered at the superstition and cowardice of the medieval barons who thought that giving lands to the Church would wipe out the memory of their raids or robberies; but modern capitalists seem to have exactly the same notion; with this not unimportant addition, that in the case of the capitalists the memory of the robberies is really wiped out. This, after all, seems to be the chief difference between the monks who took land and gave pardons and the charity organisers who take money and give praise: the difference is that the monks wrote down in their books and chronicles, "Received three hundred acres from a bad baron"; whereas the modern experts and editors record the three hundred acres and call him a good baron."
Look, if you’re looking for ‘perfect’ justice in this life, that’s never going to happen.  If that were the case, Trump would never have been president and OJ would be on death row right now.  I know people are angry with this decision, but it is what it is.  One thing give me a little happiness.  No amount of money can buy their way out of the grave and the judgement that comes after…
Like America has always been. The rich and well to do get all the justice money can, and does, buy, The rest get JUST US....
Another result of the epidemic is those with a true pain management condition who are now held hostage by the system that was created because of it.
Honestly I think these drugs are much worse and more important law wise than guns, while both can/have caused startling amounts of death, guns aren't highly addictive, nor are they a crucial part of our democracy (if you really think the Gov won't get worse once we loose access to our guns, remember how much fear you had when 'that one' became president that he'd make a new secret police. And before anyone asks, yes I do agree that mass shootings are an issue that needs to be addressed, I don't think removing guns entirely would be a good idea, tho I can see a Licence to own a gun once one is 18)
That song advertising what great fun it is to sell legalized heroin in pill form to millions of people is well on the way to achieving peak capitalism.
Old news we've known forever.  Next.
Sure sounds like this wouldn't have happened if capitalism didn't exist.  Because it wouldn't have happened if capitalism didn't exist.
What’s worse is that despite all the settlements and hits to the Sackler name, they are still making a healthy profit. I guess multi-billion fines is just the cost of doing business.
It's stuff like this that makes me really really wish that the Phantom Thieves from Persona 5 were actually a real thing. Sure I know its stupid to wish for something that will never exist, but we need people like that in our time, don't you agree?
Not to side with the Sackler's here, but this video feels more like a mild doxing rather than any sort of news or analysis.  In the first half, John doesn't refute any facts, he just ridicules the individuals and hyperbolizes their statements a dopey voice so that the audience feels like the subjects are villains. The second half talks about the settlement in the context of 'yeah, it's right but doesn't feel like enough" which seems a lot like a call to action against the people he just villainized. Again, no love for the Sackler family but this video seems more than a bit irresponsible.
Sacklers should be in jail.
6:39 Had to listen twice cause I thought he said Hackey Sackler
Welcome to Capitalism taken to the extreme with a bought and paid for government.
sad for lamb chop
Don't mention Kratom, we wouldn't want to help your viewers or anything, just program them to demand a payout from elites because that's always worked in the past... Legalize kratom weed and shrooms and take down all the pharma.. or demand payouts and jail time and nothing changes..
I dunno, od'ing on opiates seems better than waking up another pointless day in a greedy, uncaring world.  But I'm a millennial so that might just be me.
On behalf of lamb chop, "Don't drag us into this mate"
What really bothers me is the people that need medication I can't get it because of the stigma attached to opioids
The less money you have, the less justice you get. The more you have, the more justice you can buy...
The Sacklers probably already paid off this judge in White Plains.  Who is that anyway?
Hahahahahaa lamb chop
Top 3k
Are you sure there wasn't another brother in the Purdue family, where is their brother Ball Sackler? 😇There's only 1 way to NOT know how much blood and cash your best selling product has put in your hands. If it made so much money that you weren't able to finish counting yet.  Also can we just agree that Pablo Escobar sales rep parties was much nicer than the pathetic attempt of this family to show their dealers who is the boss.
They seem like honest folk. They deserve praise for the work they have done and gifts, the deserve the best there is when it comes to gifts. I called the best place their is to buy suits, a little place in Cuba called Tony Montana. I'm ordering the whole family Colombian neckties now.
Just because you are offered a pain killer doesn't mean you have to accept it.
How much overlap, I wonder, is there between “vaccine-resistant” populations and those burned by the opioid crisis?  Pharmaceutical companies’ betrayal of trust may come to cast a long shadow indeed.
Reminder everyone, this is capitalism. The rich can poison us and then just spend more money than us to face no concequences because they own all the money. Capitalism doesn't work, has never worked, and needs to go.
I mean, that song is pretty good ngl
This is why people end up taking the law into their own hands. It doesn't look like there is any way to actually hold these companies accountable for their actions.
I looked up that domain though and it says it's still up for purchase
“It’s not about making money, it’s about taking money” — Dr Horrible
Merchant of death
Well, I guess someone can still go after their kids.
As a European I have to admit I watch this show purely for the satisfaction of knowing that no matter how f* up my home is America is 1000x worse 😊
Imagine a black man had emails and sing along songs about selling drugs he and everyone he knew would be in prison for life.  Amazing what being a rich white man does for u.
Oxycontin and oxycodone are 2 very different drugs. Oxycodone is the pharma name for Percocet.
But when Trump prioritized this,, cricket sounds. I guess who’s holding the mic is more important.
The problem is the people in chronic pain who got genuine benefits from OxyContin balanced against all those deaths from overdoses.  I wish there was a solution.
Thank u john and HBO for showing the world all these stories that need to be told. Your doing great work. Keep it up. Love u guys.
I bet those ride alongs went exactly like you described, except when the sales rep was in the bathroom, they were both hurriedly crushing an oxy and rolling up a dollar bill. They should be in jail. They knew how dangerous their drug was.
Refusing responsibility, unable to sincerely apologise, gaslighting, blaming the victims, claiming they are the victim and concern for their public image the Sacklers are Narcissist AF.
“Billionaire goes to space and dies there” would have been the news we all needed right now (shout out to Seth Myers)
Could we claim the ball sackler family are  pro-abortion? And just let the string of right wing fanatics go after them?
The Sacklers were given the green light to sell opium legally....ooooooo...🥳 shout!
Including firearms as a public health issue is a stretch. Suicides ok, they do make up 2/3rds of gun related deaths but that's still a little out there. And racism? Really? Woke posturing much?
Hearing the voice of Bing Bong say the word "fuck" was shocking. Almost as shocking to know that the Sacklers will never face any kind of accountability!
Why did the doctors taking kickbacks slide like it’s nothing
Someone have a link for that 97 song? 😅
Funny, I’ve been “binging” _Spin City,_ on Pluto™️, for the past three weeks.   Paul is THE MAN!!!
Land of the Naive & Home of the Insane...¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Americans go on and on about how Free they are compared to all other countries in the world, when in reality they have no clue the constraints that are placed upon them in the corrupt practices that occur there. They are not even in the top ten countries on any metric of freedom.. and John Oliver, each week, delivers this news in an intelligent, deep and entertaining way.  What a great show
Hey, John, what are you going to do if the Sacklers decide to pay the 10 billion for the site. It won't happen, but just, what if.
What is the name of that actor?
You guys need to get in the business of capturing TikTok user names.  just saying. If you wanna reach the youth that’s the Way to go.
Democrat judge in a Democrat town in a Democrat county in a Democrat state completely controlled by Democrats. Can’t wait to see them get away with it
Dang. I thought you were going to talk about Adam Sackler, aka Adam Driver in _Girls._ 😟
Sometimes I wonder if a dictatorship like China would be better... death penalty or eternal jail
... Your attack on linguists makes me sad... 🥺🥺🥺
They like to stay out of the limelight. So they are literally drug dealers
As an aspiring linguist, I can confirm that no one in their right mind could be intimidated by a linguist.
lynch them!
Ceo: gets paid 20,000x's the ave. worker at his company.  Shareholders: the CEO "works" 80 hrs/week-he deserves it! He keeps our stocks high which means I have more $! * Company suddenly being held responsible for horrendous business practices * Prosecutors: Tell us about the day to day processes of your business.  ("Hard-working")CEO: Idk🤡
Where is all the outrage for the damage and death caused by vaccine makers who cannot be held responsible for their products? John Oliver you are a hypocrite.
Id love to see oliver go to congress. If just for a luttle while. He could show those scumbags there what it means to actually know what your talking about...
The pharmaceutical companies have a very profitable partner in crime, The Veterans Administration healthcare system!  Thank you for your service, now take these pills, and get lost.
Judging by what they're done, it seems the sacklers should not feel safe anywhere on this earth.
Since corporations are people too, then the corporate officers should be in prison. And not the country club prisons, either.
If only the colombian drug cartels would have known. They would have put up ordinary companies and risk bankruptcy,  keeping most of the profits safe in their pockets.
24 minutes of letting us know what we already knew: the justice system keeps the rich at the top.
They remind me of the Roys from Succession.
Good to see Lucius Lavin back in action! :D
The descriptive lute arthroscopically level because cast comprehensively transport excluding a ordinary arch. intelligent, wide-eyed guide
a rich famous guy makes fun of other rich famous guy's .....
The Sacklers will have generations of bad karma to workout. God help their grandchildren lol, gonna be like The Kennedys all over again
Let's face facts if they got "addicted" to a pill , they were going to get "addicted" to something. People with "addiction" are simply weak minded individuals.
Laws are only for the middle class down.
Makes it harder for those injured people to hunt them down and repay then.
Zero billions. That is absolutely what they should be allowed to keep. And they should very definitely face personal charges.
Richard kind is a treasure and must be protected at all costs.
Another opioid company, Insys, has also filed for bankruptcy.  Insys makes fentanyl products and had an even shader scheme than Perdue.  I'm glad people are finally finding out the truth.
DOJ- the world is watching, you know what to do.
This story genuinely almost made me puke
Take all their money. Every damn penny. And give each of em a big ol bottle of oxy on the way out the door.
✋Uhm… 👋🏼 hey… what about those of us who truly need opioids or other MS (morphine sulphate) meds to address intractable & chronic pain? Let’s slow the roll a wee bit & understand there’s a long list of folks who truly need the assist in their pain management program.
your show is crap.
My boyfriend died of an overdose, from an addiction that started with oxycontin.   Fuck these people.
you should send the punisher to this Sackler family.
As far as I'm concerned, the entire concept of the "Limited Liability Company" should be abolished.  If you pay people to harm society, you should be held accountable.  Period.  "I didn't know" isn't an excuse.  Know what your money is doing.  "They acted without permission" isn't an excuse.  Hire better managers.  "I didn't make the decisions" isn't an excuse.  You pay the salary of the people making those decisions.  Abolish LLCs.
why are there ppl willing to shoot up schools and churches but no one will kill people like the sacklers?
I would argue with Lamb Chop doing everything Sherri told her to. There are many documented adventures where Lamb Chop, Charlie Horse, and Hush Puppy were very disobedient. Yep Elder Millinnial in the house😊
I think it's sad that we're all in so much pain that we need this shit. Like, our environments and genetics suck a lot and pain sucks a lot. We need better alternatives than opioids and I have no idea what those are other than working to make what we can better.
You mean a bunch of corporate wrong doers get away with their crimes and suffer no real consequences. No jail time, no loss of personal wealth not even a public apology. Color me shocked.
I really want to know Hamilton's opinion on this
Thanks for the weekly "glad iam not living in this shithole third world corrupt country" reminder :-)
The sad thing is. When this is done, they can not be retrialed since double jeopardy is illegal. So i wonder what will come out after. As someone who lost family to opiod addiction, this is very sad
"No billions"
*Head explosive moment at the end 😂😂😂😂😂😂*
is nobody going to sue those Dr.´s who worked with Purdue and prescribed people that stuff for so minor reasons. its like giving a child a pound of sugar candies a day and say eat carefully
Can you please do a piece on Afghanistan - Taliban Crisis.
I initially heard “the Statlers” and then he said 3 brothers… I was genuinely concerned for a moment there
All the money of those holding at least 1% stock in that company, and jail time for the bigger holders, is mandatory, but we will get nothing. Someone who knows where these people live need to off them. Calling for it, kill the fuckers off.
Let's not forget our government gave drugs to black neighborhoods too
Just 1 more example that our world is completely lost. Sad. The wealthy are going to make sure our planet burns around us. F em
John O, I just keep falling in love with you! Even with that bloody accent.
I just completed a class (Health Care Law and the Opioid Epidemic). My final paper was on how to change the opioid industry. It's disgusting that this is where we are. Money flows into political campaigns and those politicians sponsor and pass laws making it easier for the opioid industry. In fact, Senator Blackburn helped pass a law 5-6 years ago when she was a representative, which made it more difficult for the DEA to shut down bad actors. She was rewarded with her current job. The other co-sponsor was Tom Merino. Trump nominated him to be the Drug Czar. People made a stink about it, so he didn't get the job. But it was close. It's the corruption for me...
Any time you're in a doctor's office and it's covered in big pharma swag it should send off major red flags.
Maybe if these slackers would apply themselves we wouldn’t be in this mess
check 'crime of the century' on HBO
People seem to forget that money will always get you far in this country until it’s too late to do anything about it. We elect politicians and make laws for the benefit of a few and are shocked when it actually works in their favor. Wait till climate change gets even worse. No water to drink or sustain crops for everyone else, while rich people still have pools and they’re eating organic lettuce that is still picked by poor people🙄
And all the time a wonderful natural solution is trying to be banned internationally by the FDA! Kratom has helped millions of Americans get off opioid and get pain relief, but the fds wants to make us criminals for using it. John Oliver could do an episode on this 5 year saga of us fighting the fda to have access to a plant and get natural pain relief
In the early aughts, JCAHO, an accrediting body for healthcare systems, wanted hospitals to change the culture of "withholding pain meds" from patients.  This became an issue due to the massive amount of complaints reported by patients, that their pain was under treated.  So, I, along with a few other nurses, learned to become "Pain Control" nurses.  While it is true that much of the program involved the increased use of NSAIDs on a scheduled basis, among other things, the MAIN point, was that providers were to medicate all patients based on THEIR subjective reporting of pain.  This lead to a LANDSLIDE of opiate prescribing.  In part, due to a JCAHO mission to "help" patients, while misunderstanding how this would play out, with so many patients at risk for abuse.  I cannot even begin to tell you the massive doses of oxycontin some patients were receiving prior to surgery . For example, 240 mg, every 6 hours...not even every 12 HOURS!!! So, there are multiple links in this chain...
Dear John, after I´ve been watching your show (on youtube) and enjoying your quality content for many years. I´ve come to notice a commen theme. I´ve come to the conclusion that you could maybe add a slogan or even rename your show. Maybe something like this:   Short stories about how capitalism ruins our world.
Richard Kind is a treasure.
yes so excited to complete the trilogy
Well atleast we can agree that this opioid  crisis needs to end and someone needs to pay
I felt what must have been most viscerally uncomfortable, full-body cringes of my life when that Oxycontin song played. What are these depraved creatures
NGL, as a person who prefers privacy over fame, I can just imagine the color draining out of Richard Sackler's fat face as John Oliver announces his website, and it feels GREAT.
I know a lot of people addicted to opioids. I was for a few years, and I’m in group treatment and no one, in my group at least, was addicted to OxyContin, and I haven’t actually met anyone who was. It was all heroin and fentanyl. Not saying it’s not a problem but Fentanyl is what’s killing people in 2021en mass, but exposing how that stuff gets into the country gets you a visit from the government haha
I didn’t understand the Hitler joke?
If you were a poor individual caught selling drugs you would be in jail for the rest of your life. Add to that law enforcement would take everything you have of value whether it was bought with illicit funds or not.
"Linguist fucked with" BOOM!! 😂😂😂
Evil.
Wow, America's health care system is so good! You can be bankrupt after going to a hospital, or be prescribed a drug that will make you addicted and slowly kill you! MURICA!
Yeah John once you hit billionaire status you're above the law you can do whatever the hell you want no consequences you don't have to pay taxes the law doesn't mean s*** it only applies to poor Blue collar hard work and honest people
I guarantee every Amazon employee can hold going to the bathroom longer than Jeff
I say they need to have their own drug given to their kids and have them see them deteriorate and overdose. And then if they're still alive they get drugged too and we get to see them go down and die until none of them are left
That moment in which you wish Batman existed since a Vigilante could go over to the  Sackler Home and beat the living shit out of them even if they get out of the legal system.
Kathy!..no way! That's a dude!
I can't wait to eat the rich. A shame that they're so tasteless at the same time.
Eh you're low balling those hoity toity blue blooded narcos.
This video is right on time as I sit here waiting to get my methadone dose in an hour. Just one of the many disgusting things that come as a result of opioid addiction.
Father killed himself when I was 9 he was 46, brother overdosed and died at 17 I was 14, and my mother was a lifelong addict. She died at 57 I was 20. This is a true thing that exists. It ruins lives and families
The bad thing now is people that actually need painkillers cant get them cuz now you're fuckin head has to be missing to get some pain relief...thanks for that big pharma🖕
Damn... i guess we all wanted to see bezos blow up like a bottle rocket
So basically, they've gotten away with murdering millions of people and destroying millions of lives. How convenient.
wow.. for once, an idiot company chairman promoting a corrupt pharma agenda.. and he isn't on Fox News.. NBC what have you done?
I'm no lawonomist, but it seems to me that if the fine for making money doing crimes is less than the money you make through those crimes, that only incentivizes people to keep doing crimes. If Purdue made 10 felonius billions, the only question should be how much more than 10 billion they should pay back.
70,000 wow that is a lot right?  10 million people have used them and been fine. Purdue was definitely wrong, but stop shaming everyone else. Most of my vertebrae were damaged, and there is no way current technology will make it better. I use it correctly for more than a decade. Over prescriptions, I will say yes. However, doing this screws the people who actually need it. I sat across from terrorists and I would not wish them in pain every single day.
The Sackler's went after the military first. I was first on Oxy in 2008 when I came back from Iraq, they immediately jumped me up to morphine. Two years they tried to kill me with those pills, I was 20 when they started. They stole my 20s from me. It took me so many years to even begin to recover physically and mentally from those pills. I am forever impacted, affected, and changed. I think I need to get in on that lawsuit...
What more do I want? For that company to rot in hell.
Well done John Oliver. This is so disgusting...I raise my fists in rage. I wish I could more.... I'm just f**cking pissed. What can we do? I want to know.
From someone who lost over ten years of my life to Oxy’s, F this family!
Corporations responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands keep getting slap on the wrist fines, rather than felony prison terms for the executives responsible for those deaths.
The Punisher is gathering his guns.
The issue is corporations. They were invented to protect its members from direct liability and criminal charges. We need to change the laws so CEO and Board are held directly responsible. Corporations aren't people.
I have been reading Empire of Pain. Great book!
My mother was diabetic and had muscle degeneration in her shoulder and her doctor over-prescribed oxycotin up until she died of kidney failure because she didn't know anything was wrong. Said doctor also prescribed me oxycotin when I was 14 because I injured my knee. After my mother's death, to avoid any sort of lawsuits or litigation, said doctor fled the state and is now currently working in Arizona.
Hope this website grows even larger. Should take videos from the victims and upload them onto that website or have links to YouTube videos with them. Something
America with the words ''equity'', ''equality'' and ''justice'' don't belong together in a same sentence, not even in the same A4 paper sheet or any written physical or electronic document, i don't think they ever did, i mean the country is based upon racism so...  Land of the free and the brave, huh...
John Oliver about the shittiest music video of all time: "I just saw that 10 minutes ago and somehow it's gotten worse." Me: "I FELT it when you said that John.. I FELT it.. "
They only get away with this shit of WE let them. While the justice system is an absolute FUCKING joke, nay, nightmare!  We can make the Sackler families life a nightmare by making sure they never live this shit down. I'm sure there are some legal loopholes that would allow people to make sure they never have peace again by whatever legal means necessary. If they are going to play the legal system, so should we.
Just a reminder that Purdue Pharma has absolutely ZERO connection to Purdue University.
no john, parallel to lambchop....that's just disingenuous. Yes, the law can arguably shield individuals' wrongdoing but that's standard corporate veil... you and everyone can do it, probably is doing it. Sacklers are shitty people but, at this level, more than the individual a Kantian breakdown of the system is more warranted. @19:40 - now you're getting it, an indictment of the system for such a shitty settlement. And $3500-$4800 would mean shit lot more than their voice who need the money, a large majority of low-earning opioid addiction victim
John Oliver still exists?..... he went down along with Stephen Colbert.... just not funny anymore.
Do a video on unfair pay gap in American women soccer!
so what in hearing is if I hire a hitman and pay him with a corporate check I can't get convicted?!?! I call it the Sackler defense....
Disgusting, these people are no different from Pablo Escobar and yet they are allowed to sponsor museums..
But if she earned her Ph.D., call her by her name but make sure everyone knows it's in linguist.
The Steve Miller band needs to change its name. By now it's clear for anyone to see the brand is toxic.
The Sacklers appear to be human wastelands.
I'm surprised the show doesn't do more about the end of human life.
The guys singing about selling OxyContin have clearly popped a few themselves and are feeling gooooooood.
Stop voting for people with ties to the pharmaceutical industry.
How does Martin skrelli get prison time but the sacklers are going to get off .
The image of a slimy poisonous salamander escaping by severing its tail so that it can escape harm comes to mind regarding the Sacklers escaping prosecution.
Wasn't trump going to deal with "Big Pharma"? I distinctly recall that he put one of his idiot children in charge of solving the opioid crisis. What ever happened with that? I bet I can guess. Who wants to see if I can guess what happened with trump and family's epic take down of Purdue? Reply to see if I can...
They should spend time in prison. That is the only way to ensure that others will not keep doing this sinister things. If their is no personal consequences for these people these things will keep happening from others.
John Oliver, I love you. You are such a sage and appreciate all you do <3
Yeah I paid for a lady of the night's time and she fkin shot up in the bathroom before hand and had a very sloppy performance as a result. This affects my life personally.
Great Episode !
Noam Chomsky is a linguist and very intimidating, even at 92!
"Capitalism has a strange religious structure. It is propelled by this absolute demand: capital has to circulate, to reproduce itself, to expand, to multiply itself. And for this goal anything can be sacrificed, up to our lives, up to nature and so on. Here we have a strange unconditional injunction. A true capitalist is a miser who is ready to sacrifice everything for this perverted duty." - Slavoj Zizek, The Pervert's Guide to Ideology (2012)
I wish I could get some opioids.
Aww Now I'm sad and very disappointed. What legal shenanigans allows for this and is only available to the rich?
How exactly are the Sackless, I mean, Sackler Family different from Pablo Escobar? Here's an idea for Netflix. The next season on Narcos should feature the Sackler Family and Purdue Pharma. Hell, the Pharmaceutical Industry and the Mexican Drug Cartels are basically two sides of the same coin.
This is a drop the mic moment for the show!! Great job Last Week Tonight team!!!
Are those performers on oxy....?
Is anyone gonna make a "non consensual 3rd party release" joke? I can't believe he past that up..."and the only time ANYONE should have a non consensual 3rd party release is if your groupsex partner falls asleep during a handjob"
nn
I just want to remind everyone that legal immunity doesn't protect against revolutionaries with guillotines.  Purely as a hypothetical, of course.
12:50 “that sounds like a lot until you learn the family has assets of 11 billion.”  Jon, 4 billion out of 11 billion is over a third of all of their assets. They have to pay 30 cents for every dollar they own, according to what you just told us. That’s MASSIVE. Do that math for any other average American and you would be losing your mind at how insanely over the top that is. “How are they supposed to survive? They need help! Have some pity!” But cuz you don’t like them, eff em! You really just love to hate on successful people at every opportunity.
And these are the kind of people you trust to make a vaccine??
This is dumb. Say what you want, opiod pain medications have gotten me through many post-op recoveries, and helped me through other injuries.  It's not the Sackler's fault people are addicts & some Doctors are bad or money hungry.  Besides, when you take medications only as prescribed, there won't be a problem. It's called personal accountability. Are we also gonna sue or imprison Ronald MacDonald for advertising, as well as, people's obesity & addiction to Big Mac's?
They not only sell OxyContin, they use it, too.
I miss the laughing in the background.They should add sound effects.
I am a VERY big international fan of John Oliver and Last Week Tonight. I didn't miss an episode for years now. But in my opinion Last Week Tonight decides to focus more and more on American Problems instead of global topics. I understand that it is very important with obviously the majorities being US viewers, and I also understand that the US has so many f***ed up flaws that they are worth talking about. However, as an international viewer I wish for more global content, and there'd be many important topics out there that also involve US-implications.
Jail time. Only long jail times for these criminals would be fair. Nothing less.
I somewhat wish the Sacklers would pay the 10bn for the website. Imagine what awesome stuff John could do with it.
The drug epidemic caused my grandma to die in pain. She was 88 with cancer and they only give her Tylenol cut with some hydrocodine. They did not give her any better pain drugs until the very end.
I can't wait to get Trump out of office so the doj stops doing shit like this.
I hate all this opioid crisis , my god try living with extreme chronic pain , I would rather have a opioids because chronic pain is worse
I don't know
Mexican cartels are taking notes
Put em all in prison.  Then get em hooked on Oxy.  Then take it away.  Then give it back when the withdrawls subside.       Repeat.
Jail and execute these people. They, like MariLardo, have murdered too many Americans.
watched the first part of this on HBO Max and now watching the main story on youtube. solely to give Jon more views. 😜
30mg oxycodone pills are my all time favorite drug.  If I had an unlimited supply of oxy, I would be so happy.  With that said, Oxycodone is what got me hooked on heroin, so fuck oxy and Purdue.
I am sick to death of the predators playing like they're the victims.  They chose to do this.  They made the decision to sell their products.  They didn't care that it killed people.  Now?  Now they still don't care about anyone but themselves.  BOYCOTT EVERYTHING PURDUE !!!
nice one
In such detail it's amazing how the rich can get away with a lot Trump is a fine example
I know that Mr. Oliver wouldn’t ever see this comment but I’m a heroin addict who was active for 15 years. I started at 15 and ended my active use at 30. Anyway thank you for talking about this because nobody cares really it’s not even a headline that opioids are killing the youth and people like these horrible monsters will see there judgement and I pray it’s the wrath I pray 🙏 for there souls
Purdue, as evil as they are, did make a damn good opioid product. I've done everything from tylenol 3 to black tar. But an OC 80 was hands down the best. I have been clean for three years. However if a green monster found its way to me that thing would be up my nose so god damn fast.
Got y'all back. https://www.judgeforyourselves.com/
Love your new web purchase, John! Money well spent! 👍
How come the the news like Channel 7 CNBC NBC CBS CNN all these channels have not talked about this thank you for it wasn't for you I would never know anything about this opioid problem
Sacklers need to be fitted for cement boots
The unaccountable class is banking that we are too distracted arguing with each other to direct our attention to them.  We have to look past each others' political pseudo-differences to truly solve society's problems.
They can violate the *US constitution itself* and still have a very high chance of getting away scot-free.... If that's not the epitome billionaire privilege, I don't know what is.
Remember children.  Crime pays.
Funny how Youtube recommends "The dirty secret of capitalism" video just after this one. Maybe machine learning figured it out.
😠😡🤬💔
been a long time since we've had a multiparter episode since covid.
That suit makes R. Sackler look like a fat, bobble-head.  All the domains you buy, all the hashtags you initiate, and all the storefronts you start should always be posted in the description of the video they start in; and compound out in every subsequent video, please.
Make him adicted, send him on withdrawl and let him sing the song again.
This is the grift that never ends  Yes, it goes on and on, my friend Some countries have health coverage knowing what it was But we continue rigging it for big pharma just because… This is the grift that never ends Yes, it goes on and on, my friends…
AYE DIOS MIOS
They’re literally just a heroin dealer that figured out how to make synthetic heroin
So Joey caused 9/11!
Mass murderers...
The Sacklers sound like the Sackville-Bagginses. Coincidence? I think not.
let me state categorically i am sry to all those who lost loved ones as i have on top of the damage done to my life and others, i am not saying wrongs were not wrought i am simply stating our path out of this is very typical. firstly, all of these settlements are going to states and large bodies of government, I kind of dont think normal people and those dealing with addiction or who have lost loved ones or lost the rest of their lives trapped in the cycle will see any of the money so i dont understand the new crusade. Also what about all the people who need pain meds to live a better life, my father has a shattered heel, with pain meds he can at least walk around occaisionally and see the grand kids all of that but for the last 15-20 years the doc's make his life a living hell just trying to get his meds, the opioid epidemic is a problem but i kind of lean more towards it being socio-economic rather then just a "can you get pills flowchart". It feel's so typical of america to try to be seen aggressively righting these "wrongs" after the fact, instead of a measured approach its like they say they were way to lax all these years and on the other side of it we are going to over-react or over reach to punish these companies when the only people we are gonna end up punishing are the average. in the end we fall into the same trap we always do, and its we're gonna punish our way out of this.
Richard Kind is a national treasure.
The website is great, John, but what about adding a place for victims to "actually be heard" then? Rather than cherry picked testimonials. My first love died at age 30 as a result of the lifestyle that was begun by addiction to MY prescription, which I had no idea was addictive or as damaging as it turned out to be. He ended up addicted to heroin and living in drug houses where he was eventually murdered and the death ruled "accidental" bc society devalues addicts and bc his addiction didn't begin with a prescription in HIS name, we weren't married, and a myriad of other ridiculous reasons, not only are the feds not looking for his murderer or trying to prosecute anyone, the only people who did value his life (not his biological family), the mothers of his children, and myself, can get nothing at all even tho I can prove he started out addicted to my medication (oxycontin 60mg 3x per day prescribed at age 21 after a car accident) bc he was on probation and failed many drug tests at the time for it. There are people affected who, for reasons within legality, can never get reparations and my son as well as his 5 other children are the ones to suffer the most, outside of his own suffering before he died.
Let's see how long before John blames it all on white people and "systemic racism" again. Starting the video.
NOTICE that cities like 💢Vancouver BC💢 will GET NOTHING for the scourge of Oxy & Fentanyl  I know a guy who spent a decade working 6-people deep on Hastings in Vancouver Homelessness. Go investigate what Oxy & Fentanyl did on Hastings Ave Vancouver. Go look. a total zombie horror film of teetering drug dependency & death
Pled guilty , pays fine moved on does crime again… does trump run this?
Sir  I am one of the fans of this show and can't lie to you about how your work affects the lives of many viewers in a good way.Thanks a ton for that. But there is one suggestion from this fan and that is that I would like you to make another video of WWE which you made in favour of the people's health crisis in this wrestling industry. This time make it for the recent budget  cuts that happened due to which they had to sell their shares and also their valuable superstars .🙏🏽🙂
John, is called cap. You call cap on that quote. Use the correct vernacular.
Let’s not forget all the doctors that blatantly disregarded their better judgment and their training in pharmacology and basically worked as drugs peddlers for the opioid manufacturers. MSM always likes to pretend doctors had no idea a morphine derivative was going to be highly addictive. That’s BS, doctors have known that since the early 1900s. The ones that pretended they didn’t are lying
A brown or black person can go to jail for 20,30 years for a 20 bag of shit but the rich white man can go back to his mansion
more power to John Oliver and the kick-ass brand of journalism that he does!!
This is America, Freedom and the liberty to persue happiness, but Portugal has better drugs
Which is the best college to get a doctorate of "Spin"
this feels like a good time to say: "billionaires shouldn't exist!"
Judge, make the Sacklers addicted to their drugs. Then, release them at midnight in Chicago
A bit on Perdue and no mention of how Tucker Carlson is involved with them? That's a bold move <3
This guy’s fingers are annoying
John. You and your staff are awesome, period.....
Lately I've been coming here to satisfy my confirmation bias. But it came to the point when it's just sad. There is some much wrong and the amount of work that needs to be done to fix it is so huge I'd rather walk away. Like  asteroid that is about to hit Earth and wipe everything out and there's nothing you can do about it, so you just take a chair outside and watch it with some brutal satisfaction.
Lawsuit pending...
The same agreement that Jeffie Epstein got from that Florida DoJ official 🤔🤔🤔
I mean, 48k sounds like a lot of money to me? How much more would it need to be to make up for killing her son?
I just heard Bing Bong drop the F bomb.
9:50, but is Joss Sackler a cunning linguist though?
so lesson learned. if you're going to murder, make it mass murder. if you're going to deal drugs, make the scale nationwide. and settle out of court after changing your address.
I'm honestly sick of the "opioid epidemic" bullshit.  Instead of doing anything to help actual addicts or dealing with the company's ethics violations, government has been harassing doctors, and doctors have been making many patients go through painful surgeries and only prescribing useless tylenol, and many doctors have been reducing prescriptions to chronic pain patients who NEED the opioids just to be able to get up instead of staying curled up in a ball of pain.  Every pain patient who has committed suicide because they couldn't have enough medication to stop the pain is on all these people's hands.
oh shit white ppl not taking accountability this is new... said no one ever
Cathy is also on Oxycontin too. And booze Its a killing drug Yet we still fight  Us Cannabis medical patients  That choose to deal with our chronic pain wo Fucking opiates!!!! Legalize it congress
OxyContin is synthetic heroin nice where can I get me some because I want to get fucked up I don’t want to feel shit anymore😂🤣👍
Sackler's for Jail 2022
Tbh the vp of sales has got some pipes, actually do quit your day job guy
Why are people mad that billionaires are flying to space?
noam chomsky? one badass linguist.
Land of the rich.
I hate what has happened to so many. That said because others abused it I now pay $250 a month for my OxyContin script and that’s WITH supposed “great” insurance. These Purdue asshats should give it to some of us who aren’t abusing it for free.
The “ opioid epidemic “ was created by insc. Companies! Who had to fill the scripts BIGGLY$$$ $9000 a year just for me 2015!  In 2015 50 thousand OD 2020 95,000 die After law changed 2017?😡.   From OPIODS?!
10 billion  isn't a high enough asking price.
NYC in 90s television... We'll never have that skyline view again. The towers were the most prominent buildings in any establishing skyline shot. I was a kid who watched the hell out of Disney's Gargoyles... yeah, the first time I watched the show as an adult, that was a bit of a gut punch >.> That mental association, like, the show had some deep stuff but THAT realization hurt.
Oxycontin helped many people that suffers from living with extreme pain. The drug abusers still using it to get high. But legitimate patients were the only ones that were hurt by it being taken away. Insurance companies refused to pay for them. It took away a lot from our lives. They replaced it with a medication no where near as effective. This was handled the wrong way.
Now you get Billions of Dollars for Mass Murder and i thought USA is fucked up already.
hey john are you ever going to take your share of the blame for screwing us with biden?
Nobody has ever regretted fucking with a linguist
Wait I thought corporations were people
I wish it had a donate button where you could donate to the families
Stories like this make me laugh at those who think feminism is ruing lives.
Years ago (late eighties) my landlady learned of the dangers of opioids and how they came from poppies.  That afternoon she pulled every poppy plant in the yard and burned them in the patio barbecue.  Then she stood there and watched. I’ve always wondered if she felt any effects.  I don’t know if it works that way, but we found it humorous.
_(45) said, "I can KILL SOMEONE & REMAIN a Billionaire._  *THE THIRD PARTY - BUTALITY and INHUMANITY - THE BILLIONAIRE CLASS* we rob you we kill you we poison you & make you Infertile & riddled with bullets.
Great episode! thank you for your work!
So what your saying is we shouldn't blindly listen to drug companies? But make sure to get your fauci ouchie....pfizer,moderna, and j&j have always had clean a record right?
FYC: OPIOIDS IV -- The role of FDA and NIDA in roll-out of Oxy and Suboxone, ft. hip, Trekkie Dr. Curtis Wright; and OPIOIDS V -- Is IBOGAINE the answer to the crisis? It is a drug that can detox up to half the addicts who take it and was used by Hunter Biden to get off crack cocaine. Check out Cures-Not-Wars.org.
I’ve been living in Florida since 2006, graduated high school in 2009 and shortly after was washed up in the flood of Oxy flowing through the state. Miraculously made it out alive, but I’m still piecing myself and my life back together over a decade later.  This white collar crime family is a frightening look at the depths of depravity and the corrupting power of greed. The razor thin veneer of pharmacorporate legitimacy, equivalent to a person wearing the glasses/nose/mustache novelty disguise, masking premeditated and deliberately designed crimes against humanity.
In the future when history looks back, John Oliver will be remembered as a HERO that stood and fought for all the little guys.
in the last year i lost more friends to opioids than covid
Site is unexpectedly closing. Guess google are also suckling the Purdue teats.
7:00 she’s technically correct.  No one could have done differently… but I think she missed the point.  It’s the reflection from the future where most feel remorse or regret.  Either way you can’t change the past.  Too bad
Kill the rich is more appropriate. Why? They have killed us to be rich! How many roads thier good's travel on the roads yet pay no taxes to fix. Yet uber,doordash  and any other gig workers fuck up thier vehicle's for low wage.  Kill no one by the way. It's a stupid way to live in a cage. Call your state ag,and deny the settlement without going for the family members financial protection.
'I just saw that 10 minutes ago and somehow its gotten even worse' sometimes this man has an ability to say what we are thinking before we are done laughing. These people are fucking delusional.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🔝
That comment about White Plains is spot on.
What a disgusting family! They knew they were ruining lives and filling   their own confers. But that is the greatest tree graphic. Opiods feeding tree roots and making leaf money. Congratulations John's graphic department. You should win another Emmy. Good work Last Week Tonight.
Ahah, when Oliver says "Purdue" it sounds for a French ear like "perdue" which literally means "lost", which is just perfect! 👌
I Thought I was the only one who sang that oxycontin come on down song.
So you're saying these people wanting us to put a mystery shot in our veins dont have our best interests in mind? Hmmm.....
What is that "sell oxycontin" clip and where can i find it? Must be shared with the world.
All the families affirm we live in an oligarchy.
So proud of you guys for not degrading the humour to commenting on the name 'Dick Sackler'. Well done.
Eat the rich. Start with these ones.
Mayor of Gotham impersonates billionaire to troll family of rich arseholes. I like it.
You're telling me this guy is named Dick Sackler
Over the past 9 years opioid prescriptions have fallen off a cliff, but deaths still have been rising... Perhaps it's not prescription opioids that have been the problem?
The provision of healthcare needs to be a global public good - that is it must be free to everyone everywhere. That is the way we get justice on this - and on the terrible unequal distribution of covid vaccines throughout the world.   The game is to profit off the ill=health of others. You can hate the players. But it's the game that must end.   It's going to be much harder to set up when we're in a situation where it's finally obvious to all that this is necessary. We should do this now.
Boring
I stopped 7 years of Oxycontin with the sweet devilish taste of Lightning Pony.... Then I went to prison... 5 years out, 5 years clean all better now Whoopsi that sucked
Drinking game: watch any episode of the show between the start of the pandemic and now (that is, every show without a live audience) and take a shot whenever he says "It's true."
Eliminate prescription pain drugs,  and the Mexican drug cartels will love you.   Then people in real pain will become thier newest customers.
Damn, he really said: "Ten billion dollars."
All those 4 year olds who love watching the news.
It’s not opioids it’s health care but nice try to blame drugs.
Being a non American I followed this crisis from far away, but still with some kind of interest. Obviously my thoughts are for the people affected and their families. This late development however is making me thing twice. How come, in the great U.S of A, a Country taken (before the Trump episode that is...) as a model around the world,  this can happen? There is something really wrong in this society, something that is not going to be fixed by either the blue or the red party. Something much deeper, affecting the roots of this society. My grand Pop was a farmer and I was used to hear him saying: When roots are damaged, the crop is dying.... I am sad. Sad because The US society seems to have identified the issue(s) but is just unable to correct / change it. As you are used to say in the U.S: May God save America....
Um, you spent like 10 seconds talking about what will happen to the company next. Public what company? Explain that.
Who else thought this video was about you… “slackers” 😂😂🍻🍻. Read it wrong
Don't hate the player hate the game.  The legal system is paralyzed (The lobbyist is where the politician eats.)
You should have named the judge in white plains... Just named him.. For the bit of pressure on him
Why does nobody expect the Sacklers to be criminally prosecuted? I’d like to not gloss over that. Another episode?
"Guillotine? Guillotine with a capitol G?"
Thank you John. I appreciate that you have done this.
I'm respect John so much for publicizing this. Oxy's have ruined my family & friends. My mom was on them after multiple surgeries since 2000.   Eventually me & my brother both got hooked on drugs (Not bc of my mom), but bc of the choices we made. Eventually we both were stealing them from my mom, & etc etc. She tried everything to get us clean, & even weaned herself off them to try an help us, but to no avail.   After yrs of addiction is when Heroin came into play (as I'm sure is the route a lot of addicts went). Fast forward some hectic yrs, & my brother ended up dying on 5/17/2011 (rip Steve😇), but my addiction remained full force until a lot of jail visits, multuple failed attempts, & by the grace of god (& you'll see what I mean by that in a min), I was able to dry out in jail & was able to go to an NA meeting where I met a lot of like minded ppl there, &  I've been clean since.   But this is where the god thing comes into play, my clean date is 5/17/17 (the same day my brother died on ☝). I didn't choose that date to get clean, I just so happened to get picked up on a warrant I had, & have been able to stay clean since. If that isn't a God thing idk what is. 🙏🙌 ❤
I honestly wish that actual news outlets did better journalism than a comedy program.
For all the families and children they have killed, publicize the descendants of the Sacklers. Ill-gotten generational wealth should not be legal.
At what point do we as the common people just start taking these fuckers out as we see them? Holy shit, come on people, take action.
We need to realize the drug is not bad it's the way they gave it away for years and doctors knew what it was doing too! God dam I'm going to break my phone!
Capitalism protecting the capitalists, what a shock.
And even if they are prosecuted, it's not a resolution to the epidemic. A friend of a friend can't function with it, and can barely function with it.
Will I ever see an episode about the situation in Poland right now? It’s scary, guys…
If Jigsaw were real, I think these fuckers would be first on the list to get that Death Mask put on.
Would be nice if captions were available. I can barely hearJohn, even at full volume. The family members should be forced to each pay $1 million to each member of the families who lost a family member to their drug.
Just another reason why corporations should not exist.  Legal insulation from 100,000 murders?  How does no one else see the problem with this.
John Oliver for president.
Your awful.  Just give us your opinion on things you don't like but never explain their standpoint.  It's easy to talk shit on people/things people don't know, but you build up in their minds to be evil.   Oxycodone sales doesn't go back to Purdue. Only oxycontin. They only sell the actual brand name. There's still huge problem with oxycodone prescribed from shit doctors n that has nothing to do with Purdue. Instead of saying that you just say "they misuse  the word oxycodone, and lie" ok.....explain? Oh no? Just make more jokes, ok. I see your fanbase must not have minds of their own. Sad. Fast talking British accent makes man look smart durrrrr even though he's saying nothing.
I've seen SS Soldiers more sorry than these sorry fucks are
I love this show! They should never be aloud to say healthcare again!
John Oliver is an absolute treasure. Thank you so much for all that you do sir !
My fiance relapsed 12 days ago and died. I'm really glad you did this third installment.
If hell is real the Sacklers involved in the company who knew how bad Oxycontin was will at least be able to get into the VIP section where no amount of money can get them out of it
Has anyone told John that Sherrie Lewis died several years ago? Is he implying that Ms. Lewis is controlling Lamb Chop from beyond? 🐑🤯💕
John Oliver   Thus the Holy Bible of which Jehovah God is the one Author was completed by means of his witnesses, even as it had been begun by means of them. Consequently, with no room allowed for Scriptural contradiction, it may be said that The Holy Bible is the Book by Jehovah's witnesses. As Revelation 19:6 exclaims, "Hallelujah!"
Sorry, had to google what Opioids are for the 3th time :)
What if we pursued white collar crime like 1/10 as hard as we pursued blue collar ones?
The family needs to be held accountable for all the deaths. Including jail them all and relinquishment of wealth earned. Same as all the other major leaders to the company.
He is the ultimate troll. lol   Stand at attention!  All Hail: Sir John Oliver!!!
If you commit a big enough crime it seems like the Justice system has no idea what to do with you
HBO should do a documentary about this and give the families a voice.
And people wonder why people want to take extra judicial justice against billionaires.
best episode of why murica is a shithole yet
the clownish justice of American system is what capitalism is all about. making the rich richer and the poor poorer.
In other countries, there is an exception called lifting the corporate veil which may be applied in a situation like this, where Criminal activities are conducted on behalf of the company as a separate entity (to make the board, and owners liable). Don't know about American law tho, will this apply or not.....
This is why I am a big, big fan of the Russian solution, where they at the time solved their problems with the Romanov family in a appropriate way...
Good, now do Pfizer…
How do you spell "public health crisis they caused"?   M-A-S-S-M-U-R-D-E-R
They can easily afford the fines. Put their asses in prison!!!
And then there are the doctors who should have known better than to actually prescribe this garbage to people... People couldn't get it directly from the manufacturer. They had to go to a doctor to get it. So how many of them will be held accountable?
Good ol’ John Oliver, caring about the invisible people when its convenient and when it allows some edgy antisemitism to lurk between the lines of the story.
Very good mr. John Oliver who would have ever thought about buying the .Com hahahahahaaha very good 👍
HBO's season 2 finale of Succession basically.
Why is this guy so unfunny? It's just a bunch of "haha bad" and awkward jokes
You can be rich but you cannot buy doing a right thing. And they did a wrong thing.
Every person and trust in that list is likely being investigated for bribery and tax evasion in multiple jurisdictions.  This protective settlement stuff should be tossed immediately.
So crime *does* pay, if you're rich.
Richard Kind was a great casting choice 😂 love him!
Your graphics department is amazing
I still wonder if he'll ever cover the german election. The french one has been covered, but considering that this is the most important election in germany since 2004 I would have thought it ges a bit more attention internationally.
It's worth acknowledging that "this is the best deal you're going to get" is ludicrous. Remember, the Sacklers COULD just drop that nonconsensual release clause from the settlement. Remember, the Sacklers COULD acknowledge full responsibility. Nothing is stopping them other than their own lack of a conscience.
Over 100 years ago we decided as a society that heroin was too strong to have medical use. Then the Sacklers lobbied to get synthetic heroin legalized. Now we have Fentanyl too. None of this is necessary for medical treatment of anything.
Junkie country
You really know how to fuck with a linguist John 😬
Thank you for this update.  If you knew what I have survived as a result of the hard push for opiate sales you would look on me with wonder in the sense of, " How the f@!#k is she still here? I'm a woman in recovery. I was a patient in " pain management" from the years of 98- 2006. Need I say more? I was prescribed  100mcg fentanyll patches for 4 years and many others before, during and after those years. No, I do not have condition that would warrant that level of dosing. Thank you for exposing the faces of those that continue to benefit from my children's loss of their mother. Note: We may not be able to see it visually but, the universe is balancing.  What goes around truly does come back around. One Love! Survivors Rise Up
...what happened to criminal charges against the Sacklers ? By increasing the dose of the oxy to achieve the promised 12 hour duration without telling anybody. The lies caused the addictions. As it is with Opioids your hooked before you realize it. Patients didn't stand a chance...A.C.Feuerhelm
sadly USA is a 3rd world country, lightyears away from a constitutional state, so Im not surprised.
Careful, she might be a cunning linguist.
The wealthy people never pay for their crimes. Money rights all wrongs and it’s sad for the victims. What about Doctors? They hold responsibility also.
And we wonder why people believe that doctors are being paid to lie about covid! If we don’t hold them and other large companies accountable we will never progress and ignorant conspiracy theorists will continue to derail us.
OK, after watching the song and dance bit at the intro...now I need to get addicted to illegal drugs just to get that hell out of my mind...Jesus.
Oh look, another group of people that should be taken out of the genepool...
I am a disabled veteran and the VA used to hand out opioid pain killers like it was candy. I do live in at least some pain every day so every doctor I would see at the VA would prescribe them. I actually hated taking it unless I was in extreme pain and then only typically at night so I could sleep.  I hated the way they made me feel. The bottles would pile up especially given that I would get prescriptions from multiple doctors at the same time. It is no wonder so many veterans have became addicted. I have noticed over the last year or two that it has stopped. They are more reluctant to prescribe them and they are more careful to check to see what current prescriptions are. Drug companies pushing to promote that behavior from doctors just angers me.
You hear this argument so often: "Lawsuits drag on for years, they are expensive, they may lead nowhere..." So basically, what you're saying is that the legal system is entirely fucked, ineffective and wholly inefficient and we just accepted that as normal.
Is there something inherently wrong with oxy or is it the overprescription and addiction that has everyone's panties in a twist? If it's the former, please enlighten me? If it's the latter, I have little sympathy for the victims. I've had friends suffer immensely painful cancer. While they often didn't take their pain meds because of the constipation opioids cause, at least they had the option. Did they intentionally and unnecessarily turn people into junkies? If so, why don't the junkies themselves still not bear the bulk of the responsibility?
Eat the rich, collectivize the means of production, work for public healthcare and education for all
The Sackler's should be drained clean of every single penny of revenue that came from these drugs. That should be the penalty for the ill-gotten earnings of every person or company. If you made a cent through reckless, harmful, or illegal actions, you should not allowed to keep it.
I know someone who whose prescription for oxycodone from CVS or Walgreens(honestly cant remember; doesn't matter) and the pills were pressed with fentatyl, Fuuuuucken insnae and tragic!
The Opiod Cartel imagine if Purdue was a Latino Company
Justice for what the wealthy do? Not in this country.
As a studying linguist, that is the only linguist I have never been scared of, aside from maybe Chomsky. Literally nobody in my department ever considered being called doctor (and note that these are people who considered getting an official title of "nerd") and genuinely not even the most stubborly boring professors we have use doctor as title, like, what.
I can tell you as a heroin attic that it’s no longer heroin it’s all fentanyl. One of the major problems with trying to get clean from fentanyl is most medicated assisted treatment programs do not work. Fentanyl is completely different than heroin it’s stronger it’s more addicting and it’s also easier to get into the country. I beg of people to vote for people who will do something about this problem.v
Gotta do the Taliban, John!
Kathy looks like a man.
John Oliver - A national treasure, I swear!
Let's meme the hell out of them! Internet justice and a search history of their faces everywhere.
#sacklers suck
That Oxy song is what's playing in hell on an infinite loop. I just know it.
Sackler family ironically approves of this message. It's crazy that they have killed more people than all drug cartels in mexico combined and they had to go to jail or pay an $8bn fine? And went for the latter? Crazy how the justice system works in the corporatocracy!
I think it is time to learn from the French.
so whens the Arrested Development reboot with the Sacklers?
OMFG this music number....
Bring forth the holy guillotine!
48k is actually a good deal, it buys you a decent amount of opioids
So has that drug been banned?
I hate how the Sackler family is basically saying “Hey! That blood isn’t on our hands. The company and the doctors were the ones selling the drug.” No, it was still all you. If you buy a hitman, you still killed someone!
As much of a mess this is, let's just think about the lawyer that had to write up, file, and probably SIGN that bogus piece about "conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, fully, finally, forever and permanently released from any and all Claims of any kind from the beginning of time."  It sounds like the rambling word salad you get when you tell a grade schooler to lengthen out their essay!
John should do an episode on nas daily
Innocent families get murdered in churches and these people are walking around rich AF.  These psycho mass shooters need more beneficial targets.  Stop killing innocent people, crazy manics.
This is the way…
America, the land of exploitation by wealth.
The sister resembles the crazy lady on Hoarders that filled her Mansion floor-to-ceiling with junk lol 😆
Almost like allowing a company to function like an individual is poor planning...
Welcome to limited liability company. Where limited means: You can do whatever you want as long as people buy your shit.
Historically speaking, opium has always been a sales leader, so I can hardly fault anyone for thinking "I should get in on that action." Granted, thinking that requires one to completely ignore ALL of the consequences - addiction, economic collapse, death, even wars - of that market. I have no doubt the money's great, but some of us have a conscience.
Meanwhile, teenage kids receive years of jailtime over couple of grams of marihuana.
Way to go on the domain name.  Awesome.
Richard Kind is lovely
The entire Sackler family should hide in shame but instead the Sackler girls are partying with Ivanka Trump in NYC.
If the police cared about actual justice, their most well resourced department would be so called "white collar crimes" because they harm the most amount of people. The Sacklers are serial killers in every practical sense of the word.
Ah John, the armys hardest MOS to qualify for is the linguist. And those guys are tough. They're often on the frontlines translating in dangerous situations. You should know that because I'm sure your wife does. But thanks for this video; can't wait till you get your Audience back
My father said, "It only became an epidemic because White people were being killed. When it was mainly Blacks and Hispanics, no one bats an eyes".   We are Puerto Rican, BTW.
the worst criminals ALWAYS wear suits.
Absolutely no one deserves to be above the law in this situation! I've lost two brothers two sisters and a sons to this shhiit! They need to pay!
So basically the law protects the rich ....  Who appointed judges, corp Dem? GOP?  the turtle?, ..Trump?
6:40 *That* person should definitely wear clown makeup. To look like a normal person wearing clown makeup, rather than a clown using makeup to appear as a normal person.
This is the song that doesn't end...
Looked at notifications saw Last Week Tonight "Yay!!!" Saw posted 4 hours ago 🤬😡😠 Great job notifications...
Are the Sacklers able to go out in public without several bodyguards? They're responsible for a lot of pain in the country.
The Sacklers deserve to burn in hell for everything they did to those of us who served as well as the poor white kids they poisoned too! I hope every member of that family burns and Satan gives me the opportunity to add fuel to the fire! Screw all of them!
Particularly good work on this episode.
I wonder if, like small dealers, the Sacklers also enjoy trying their shit.
beyond fucked up
I get it now: Pablo Escobar just needed to open a pharmacutical company first and the Feds would have been absolutely fine with him peddling heroin and cocaine.
The Sackler's have leverage. OC Oxycontin that led the opiate rush was a sophisticated formula that was pulled off the market in 2009. Oxycontin has not existed in the form that gets a person high since 2009. Before 09 Oxycontin would not even fail a drug test for Oxycodone because it was a secret different formula. Although there are generic Oxycodone; they pale in comparison to the original formula. MANY RX companies really really want that formula but Purdue has it under lock and key and if their back is pressed against the wall they will release and companies like Watson and Malinkrodt will be able to put Oxycontin back into the public for the first time since 2009.  They have tried forms of Oxymorphone and Opana with dire and horrible results. I am just thankful that Purdue did not get involved in methadone or suboxone clinics which save lives every day for people who have been addicted longer then 5 years.
Shari Lewis dead a long time ago so if lamb chop go on a guns people down you will have to put Chop in jail 🤣
Karma will be coming for them.
I realise its crazy how they promote meds in america, but "prescribed oxy as a high school student" isnt really anything wrong, you can have terrible pain at any age.
Bravo John.
Dude your legal system sucks. How do you rationalise such a horrendeous case having such weak consequences? Bribes,favourism and not representing the public. That's fucking how.
#eattherich
yay! capitalism is #1 weee! have a look at the legal responsibilities of a company VS a human despite the legal system looking at a company as a "human".
sackler sounds like the weird wildcard bro character from a teen comedy
Ohlala from the beginning of time...
Why FDA approved this drug and then didn't react on time? Why doctors keep prescribing this drug in such quantities to allow for overdose and addiction?
The Lamb Chop analogy is just 👩🏻‍🍳💋
The ONLY question is.... how much would you pay to watch them be tortured live on PPV?
The number at 17:06 is ten BILLION, plus another 4 billion from the Sackler family. That's significant because they KNOW they've been caught. Instead, take ALL their money and toss them in prison.
One day people will not want to make these people rich. It's a choice! Seems the choice being made it pure evil on both sides a complete slip in society.
Yeah...but the _war-on-drugs_ is supposed to be necessary, of course...😑
The deposition doesn't look that different with the one did by Richard Kind.  Except it's a lot less charismatic and a lot less fun.
I'm so glad we can 'judge for ourselves.' OMG, thank you for buying that domain. Holy crap, that's awesome. Not enough, but something.
Linguists. Well, in Oxford its PPE, but in the U.S. from within an Oxford Cowley illegal coffee shop perspective run by a philosophy student in the third year, it makes a lot of sense that an American studies language especially for those that place Wine and Bulldog in a phrase with making, mon dieu. P.S:I hope you are fine Dave, where ever you are in these days. #cowley #modcoltoure  #balliolcollage
Release the emails, i can bet you they were sending those mails up and down knowingly knowing people were dying. Mass murder family making Billions while they are laughing their teethes out, the justice system is rigged by the ultra rich for sure.
Unfortunately, there will never be accountability, and certainly there will never be criminal liability: money always talks louder than justice in our country.
Where is Erin Brockovich when you need it?
I'm going to start calling my house an invitation only wine club
After I got injured in Afghanistan I was put on opioids. Not a problem, I’d been injured before and put on and off with no problem.  It was then that my injuries became worse with debilitating pain. So much so that I could barely function. I now go to a doctor who specializes in pain management and yes I am on a regimen of opioids that is controlled and my quality of life is so much better than it was before. Btw, I found that straight OxyContin made me sick to my stomach and told my doctor so they put me on extended release OxyContin, it’s much better for pain control.
The only thing that will fix the problem is torches and guillotines.
Guns, healthcare, education(student loans), private prisons, climate change, obesity, etc. Every crisis in the US can be summed up like this: Corporations made huge profits while the public suffered.
My 75 year old father can’t get pain meds for his excruciating dental pain because of all of this hype. Does anyone consider the death rate might be going up because people are driven to get fentanyl illegally because when can’t even get 5mg lortabs anymore? These medications are not ‘all bad’. They spare a lot of people a lot of agony.
Why not talk about what this whole thing does to the people who really need these medications?  If you are in debilitating pain and cannot have anywhere near a normal life without pain medication, when you have been through the years of doctors and xrays, and tests, and all other forms of physical therapy and all the non opioid drugs that don't help the pain but make you sick.  When you finally find a combination of drugs that let you lead a half way normal life, you have to deal with pharmacists treating you like a drug addict, if you mistakenly put in for your prescription a day early you are reported to the Federal Government, God forbid you go out of state to visit family and need to transfer a prescription because no  one wants to fill it because they have no idea what the law says about that.  It's a living hell most of the time.
I agree there was an issue but the doctors in my area will not prescribe anything for pain for chronic pain sufferers.
Here in Colorado the corner highed more people for opioids not covid....the state is flooded with 5 buck FENTANYL tabs sold as oxy/xanax......also 200.00 oz of pure meth.
and off course the Sackler family is backed up by the Republican party ...their is no evil they are con involved with
Last Week Tonight cares more about the opioid crisis than government... To be fair, they care more about humans than the government so I guess that tracks.
Breaking news painkillers kill people.  Also no shit.  Crack Cocaine Heroine  Are all painkillers.
In Sweden(and other places) we have dayfines, you get a fine that is directly correlated to your income/worth.
Should have a link in the description for the first two parts on this topic
i think this year has a documentary about this, crime of the century the title.
I hate this “crisis” BS! There are chronic pain patients that it’s excellent for. LIKE ME!
Scumbag billionaires
The USA is a derelict country. No rule of law and no faith, only the rule of money, the golden oxen.
America, where crime only exists for the poor.
The US aren't a democracy. Democracy is the people has the power. This is not the case. People don't want crazy rich people to get off the hook like that.
For my own credit, I did NOT talk like an idiot when I was four years old. I never trailed off always stayed on subject and wasn't a stuttering fool. I peaked at about 5 years old lol
You can pursue Purdue but you cant sack a Sackler.
Cry me a river, junkies ODing is their own fault
If my name were "Dick Sackler" I too would avoid the spotlight.
I propose a unique hell where we slowly taper them from nothing onto a heroic tolerance of opiods then just rip it out from under them, over and over, forever until they die. They just get to go full trainspotting but get there at a pace with 0 euphoria.
Dude that idea about "it's not how much you should have to pay, it's how much you get to keep" shouldn't just be limited to legal penalties - it should absolutely be applied to the tax system as well.   "But the top 1% already pays the most taxes of anyone!". Motherf*cker, if they are still gaining wealth past a BILLION dollars while the rest of society is bottoming out, that's not ok.   Maybe we need a wealth ratio maximum. No individual can have a net worth that is more than a million times higher than the lowest individual in the country.
If this show wasn't backed up by a massive Telecom, I would love to throw some money to help with those amazing endeavours, like buying the .com right under Sackler's noses.
Please enlighten me as how is the piercing of the veil of the corporate persona doesn't apply here. Thank you
Conspiracy theory: The opioid crisis kicked off, shortly before Afghan retreat creating thousands of new clients for the Taliban main product now free floating. Question: Which pharma investors and managers of which fraternity and ex-slave trade and farms are connected to which CIA officers? #theciaisapimp #conspiracytheories
No Accountability for the rich... Doesn´t anybody see how aristocratic they become? I wonder how long it will take for them to wear crowns again.  (Looks at pictures, sees a tiara) Oh wait, let me take out my torch and get that little apparatus the French used when they dumped their aristocrats. Better do it before each of them has around 300 Spots with assault rifles mounted on them as an escort. Good luck then.   Oh, and don´t assume it would be different in any other country, the US just has the biggest and best visible pest-ridden foul pile of human thrash packet to the brim with rotten feces in the form of rich people you can find. If you want to know the future of your country, look to the US as long as money has this amount of power, it can only go this way.  Oh and John, I am really impressed how you can do this so often and for so long. I would long have had a raging outburst of yelling, crying, bashing my head against the wall and just to end the mental pain a bullet through the head. Kudos to you.
Making money off the suffering or people and their families. Literal demons the bunch of them. Though that would sully the good name of literal demons. …
Slacker family a family of bastards Run a phara company hitting multi baggers profits came Bass awkward  On the backs of ill folk more prone to  addiction than the average  Purdue Pharmaceuticals not to be held liable lawyers adjust bankruptcy files  Responsible people get away with denial not guilty in a court of a trial Just arbitration 3.3 billion dollars they're paying  500000 died from opiate highs since 1999 do the math thats 6600 dollars a life Price is right  A responsible man with a job says an addict chose his own demise
As evil as they are, you have to hand it to their lawyers. That is some top class legal manoeuvring with a long game plan in mind. They are clearly thinking 10 steps ahead of everyone else.
Imagine a black man caught selling a box of Oxicotyn. How many years in prison does he get?
The company didn’t force people to become addicted to its product. This is like blaming McDonalds for obesity or Budweiser for alcoholism. People need to take responsibility for being addicted to something and not blame someone else.
KKK / Bloods/ SS member in front of the judge: "Yes Sir, my gang is a criminal organisation and did horrible things, but i am an individual person..... I would love to hear the screaming of the judge.
This is how the system works, but who created this system? who can change the system?
😖 Oh, god!  _Shout_ by the Isley Brothers is _never_ gonna sound the same again. 😖
I’m not surprised :( it’s a problem everywhere. But unfortunately this country is filled with corruption just like all the other ones
Sackless Sacklers. Rich people who cry when they get caught. F.Y. G.T.H.
John olives 🌚
When you're rich, you can kill people in the thousands and the government will protect you.  It's just how it always has been.
Why can't the Sackler family be indicted for depraved indifference?
Your better of being rich and guilty than being poor and innocent. Sad truth. Hypocritical and Dysfunctional Democracy. Should rename to the statue of hypocrisy and the non-United-states to begin with.
One unmentioned issues with opiod use and abuse is the overly difficult proplems plaguing people who actually require opiods to treat severe intractable pain.
Richard Sackler saying “I don’t know” has the same vibes as Jeffery Epstein saying “I’d like to answer that question I really would”.
what do you know.... corporate America doing damage and getting away with it because loopholes and corruption. Typical
Haha!! That's so amazing that you bought the website! The little wins 🏆matter! That website will drive them insane!
0 The number they should keep is zero or less.
"Why are my friends telling me our family's work is killing people?" Those 4-year-olds are so politically woke 😔
Escobar might have killed less people compared to the Sacklers. Heroin is one of the most addictive drug in the world. Oxycodone is many times addictive than heroin. Sacklers knew what they were upto from the start
The price tag finish is the most Sackler way of doing things. "Fuck you, fuck your family, and pay me."
They murdered thousands for profits... Heads, spikes, wall.
They should all get the death penalty for murder !
PUT THEM ALL IN JAIL
Mr Purdue: My 4yo came home etc Me, with a 4yo at home: #thathappened
how is it no one that was part of pushing lab made heroin at the tune of billions of dollars over decades, spent any jail time?  try selling one small bag of shrooms for 20 bucks to an undercover cop at a concert without being cuffed, taken to the jail house, charges and perhaps convicted and sentenced to time.
John oliver just kiled capitalism again 😘
And still things haven’t changed: I underwent a huge back surgery 3 weeks ago. Already been fed up with a ridiculous amount dangerously high amounts painkillers, the first thing the medical staff gave me was….oxycodon. Which in the Netherlands now is the only name they use for OxyContin and the short-time working Oxynorm. (They just say Oxycodon Short or Oxycodon Long.  They were not bothered by the fact that I have had to detox from the same sh*t 5 years ago, even though I told them about that AND about my complete dislike for these nasty painkillers. It’s SO obvious that Oxycodon is still extremely pushed by the people/company behind the scenes.  I was supposed to be still using the Oxycodon once I got home, but I got rid of them as soon as I could. I am NOT going through this HELL again!! Same sh*t, different year!!!!
This is the real-life version of the 'Tron Law & Order' sketch from Dave Chappelle.
We should spread their name.
The Sackler family would be the perfect subject for a Scorsese movie
Everyone talks about the evil of Perdue, but don't forget that that New York bankruptcy judge had a hand in giving them immunity from all current and future lawsuits. As a servant of the public, he failed tremendously
Kathy: "The Sackler doesn't have any convictions, Perdue has convictions."    Me: But wasn't it the Sackler family that made the drug and sold it to Perdue to push?
If I saw one of these pieces of shit on public I would slap the shit out of them. I’m over 4 years clean. Due to their meds givin to me during my cancer treatment I got addicted to heroin…thank goodness I had a Wonder Woman by my side to save my life. No happily married
I like you, John. I really really do!
The Land of the Free (if you have money)
After watching this show for several years I’ve come to the conclusion every system is fuckin’ broken and John Oliver has added a new word to my current vocabulary I now say infuriating in most my phone conversations & tweets. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Calling out illicit Fentanyl? Yet is ok with the open southern border where it all comes in? Hypocrite.
Take these crooks for every penny they made plus interest, DOJ! What a criminal miscarriage of justice!
America is a richtaterstrip. And that means a whole bunch of dictators. basically Whoever has money can be a dictator and buy his or her way anywhere, anyway.
They shouldn't suffer financially, they should suffer their own legacy.
Making money off of the misery of others with zero consequences? Wasn't that the American Dream? Oh Capitalism, you rear your ugly head once again. Connected question: Does anyone else see the 2010s and 2020s as the hangover of the 80s and 90s? The one moment of clarity where we think "Maybe we shouldn't have been assholes after all." Maybe but someone had fun, that's what all that matters.... apparently. "Do they get to keep their billions?" Yeah... that question will be reoccurring...
Money seems to be more important than life in the US.
There are people in prison for 10+ years for selling opioids while the family who funded the invention of them AND sold them will somehow experience no consequences at all.
They push those pills so hard. Made a lot money. Consequences
This is the product of our for profit system
To Robin hood Ransomware the sacklers/Perdue would be the only way to get them to pay for their crimes against humanity. They have no remorse for the epidemic they created and they have more money than most of us will see in a lifetime collectively. They can buy themselves out of trouble only if they still have their money. I'm sure there's a hacker or so amongst the survivors or the families of the deceased  who are skilled enough.  They could easily acquire the names of those in lawsuits against the company and redistribute and also donate to the detox/rehabilitation centers.
This is the first step to see what will happen to the companies who willingly and knowingly destroyed our earth. If the system lets the sacklers go while leaving the majority of their blood money so will other companies do it in the future.
That NY judge will retire in 2 years and be a millionaire "advisor" for Purdue. Lawyers are subhuman
Their name Sackler is very fitting. Their drugs is taking people down HARD!
In a fair legal system, any punishment for committing a crime should only ever come on top after having paid back all the earnings the crime has generated, I would think. Would it be fair if a car thief got sentenced to say 100 hours of community service while being allowed to keep the stolen car?
Just a doubt from Europe.  Ok, this family does have guilt on the matter. But this would never happen in Europe. How let them sell this?!?! Wich regulators should prevent this? We are talking about a developing country with no access to public health care or regard for human life after all.  So can we really blame the family that much?!
Life in prison for all involved in this murderous sales campaign
Merica is a plutocracy and no one dares to speak so!
Get the entire family addicted to their own drug and let them live in a cardboard box. Sharpen  your pitchforks.
I wonder, if any other drug cartel heads are getting the same treatment. Oh well...
I survived the opioid epidemic. Nice try pharma.🖕🏻
Opiods 3: the resacklering
you going to be that rich person to go to space?
I wonder who disliked the video...
This is such BS cause this drug actually helps ppl who are in real pain, it’s because of crap fear mongering stories like this that makes doctors not prescribe ppl who really need short term prescription for real pain when over the counter meds don’t do anything n when they really need it they resort to getting off the streets and end up getting fentanyl and dying. The real issue of this crisis is because ppl are resorting to getting off the streets which is way easier then getting it from a doctor.
Opioids the 3rd is out. Our country is so beautiful
My partner was a nurse who got addicted to that stuff, and then because the addiction was so severe, eventually got fired from the job.  Could not stop.  That ruined everything.  Couldn't get a job for over a year because black balled and drug dry out.  We lost our home, our real estate holdings (during the financial crisis), and it was a tail spin of depression and despair for me.  I lost over a million dollars of net worth trying to save my ass, and then failed.  I hope they burn in hell for a long time.  It was their addictive junkie product, and its easy availability that did it.  Watching the singing made me almost throw up.  What a disgrace.  Sackler is right.  It Sacked my life.
Rich people always get away with shit Sadge
I've been watching a vlog of an American traveller about why he loves the US. He specified that in the US he loved medicine and low levels of racism. Well, he definitely hasn't  seen this show.
This sounds like the perfect setting for a classic lynch mob armed with torches to burn the Sacklers in their homes! Sack the Sacklers!
I like how you use Roman numerals On a completely unrelated note.. 27 more episodes?
1:13 Jesus Christ, that song is dystopic af
"and the reason I know exactly how much it costs"  Me: oh no... You didn't.. 😂
This is the song that never ends🎶
Will Richard Sackler go to hell?..... I don't know.
It's not just street sellers, it's big Pharma and Dr.s that's the drug dealers. And let's not leave out who's writing the checks for these drugs to get out to the people. The GOVERNMENT!
People need to know that kratom is a natural non addictive pain reliever. They have made it illegal to sell in some states. Bc it cuts into opiate profits. Stop taking their poison. If you have pain. Mother earth gave you a safe way to treat it.
Pretty sure the banks tried to go the same third party release route in 2008, this was quite controversial in legal circles back then.
you forgot to be funny in the last couple years and have become a full blown preacher - and church is no fun
they are cartel in suits why not behead them.
Sacklerige (noun, singular): Lucrative, consequence free mass murder.
"This new website let's you judge for yourself if the sacklers got off to easy. Which they absolutely did." Doesn't seem like you're really leaving us space to make it own judgements but okay it's not that i disagree with it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
There will be zero justice. Every corporation will win. That’s life in 2021
I think they're also mentioned as villains in The Lord of the Rings... the Sackler-Baggins. Good to see they've evolved their criminal methods since then!
Gtreat Justice system. Small time drug dealers go to prison. Victims who got hooked on opiods and switched to heroin go to prison. These guys walk. They always walk. 2008 they walked, now they walk. The USA is a failed state.
I'm pretty sure the DOJ will do anything to make sure that we, 'the people' understand we cannot stand up against these families. But this show is legend for at least just trying to do so. Thanks you to John, the crew and those who allow and finance this at HBO
@LastWeekTonight - I know this might sound like a broken record. But Oliver you really really need to talk about Climate change, the frigging forests dont stop burning. The average temperature of Oregon have raised by several degrees. And i am not gonna lie we are considering moving away to another state or worse case scenario country if things keep getting hot hot hot.
Even the name Sackler sounds like an insult for snake oil salesmen at the time of the Frontier.
I wonder who gave this vid a thumb down...amd why?! 🤣
Classic british birdface sellout, letting them keep 1 billion. Way to go british Sackler
Perdue Pharma and the Sackler family have nothing to do with the illicit fentanyl that is causing the opioid epidemic in the USA. You should focus on PROP and the corruption of the CDC. Then follow the money and learn how many intractable pain patients suicides have come as a consequence of this corruption and distortion of the truth; even the CDCs own data counters it. Cover that.
I laid nine of my brothers in the ground, but for pure luck I didn't join them. Fuck big pharma, fuck doctors and fuck the crony capitalism that allowed all of this.
This is the song that never ends…it goes on and on my friends…someone started singing…
The fact that so many people get addicted to opiates is the reason I’ll only take liquid Tylenol for any pains I have. I hope I never have to take pain killers cuz honestly the idea of getting addicted to any drugs like that scares me shitless 😐
i don't know why this is about paying or keeping, it should be about the size of the prison sentence.
Yo! That Oxycotin song was lit. Lol. Especially the Baritenor end "sell," lol.  But they should all be held responsible for their harm.
No punishment for the sacklers for getting thousands hooked on opiods but a high school teen dealing a lot less harmful drugs can get decades in prison and be forced to work slave labor. I love capitalism
As a PLC the company has a separate legal identity, the Sackler are never likely going to serve the charges and have much consequences.
Could someone help me understand exactly what they did? From what I understand they created a drug that people abused?  What part of that was illigal?
He really threw down at that linguist
This is the Feudal Sates of America. The lords and barons are untouchable.
“I don’t know”. Lol hilarious, incredibly sad and infuriating in equal measures.
btw, is this stuff still being sold or is it banned now?
Usual story in America, wealthy family uses their company to commit fraud and or corruption, then get off lightly with bankruptcy and leave the family still wealthy and untouched while the company and people who worked for them suffer..
Another British vontrarian type fop blathering on about whatever..Tel is about Israel..
You should have done the final "10 Billion Dollars" Doctor Evil style.
I want to give you a thumbs up man. but it's too sad. they will get away with it. now that they shit gold they will shit gold for the public for a couple of weeks. but then they'll take their golden shirt for themselves for ever. It kind of feels like you're rubbing it in our faces.
This immigrant has done more for america than some politicians.
The death rattles of an empire.
How are you
Richard Kind is a national treasure. Actually he's a global tresure.
Of course the only punishment on the table is fines and law suits. We should send these scumbags to one of those CIA dark sites and just let them go ham on the Sacklers.
Lobbying should be illegal. It's basically glorified bribery.
A "Last Week Tonight" about the mass murdering Sackler family. It's gonna be interesting to see their take on how this family could knowingly turn hundred of thousands of Americans into addict, by bribing doctors and lying about their product, and how they get to stay out of prison and keep their wealth too.
Actually info TLD is more expensive than com TLD.
"Billionare goes to space and dies there"  I hoped for that one. Am I a bad person now 😔
"Who is responsible for this ?!"  Sacklers: "Yes yes good question, Id wish Id knew but I have no idea, anyone else has any idea?" "Nope" "No Idea" "No sorry"  "Well ... No sorry" "It seems like noone has any idea, but you want some bribes?"           "Well, if noone has any idea, then we are at our wits end, have a nice day guys"
America: Where people's lives have no value unless they are being used to make money.
New age mafias
For yourself.
I agree with my hero🦸‍♂️John Oliver. The Sacklers sold their souls to the devil. But I also think that the doctors who indiscriminately prescribed OxyContin must be held accountable. The drug sales reps & their supervisors must be held accountable. They ALL knew what they were doing. They knew addiction was a significant risk. The incredible pain relieving power of OxyContin was a HUGE RED FLAG🚩 It was prescribed for me after extraction of 4 wisdom teeth over 45 years ago. I loved it!  After that experience, I told my oral surgeon, and any physician who treated me, do NOT prescribe oxycodone for me.
John Oliver for Senate (just cuz he can't be president)
Moral of the story, rich folk dont go to jail.
Gone with the Sackler Bagginses and their opioids
History's first cunning linguist
Already waiting for the 2nd trilogy. -Opioids are an interesting and intense topic.
I think this episode broke my soul.
Sell! Rock cocaineeee Sell! Methamphetamine Sell! Heroinnn Sell, sell, sell, sell sellllllllll
I was waiting for this
1970-2021: Weed is the problem of the youth! Here have some oxycotin against that backpain or whatever pain you got.  And the families behind spreading oxycotin to every home has killed thousands of people. It was well known 100 years ago that any opioid is extremly addictive.
Rob people blind, killing thousands and then live out your life as a billionaire.. laughing at those who lost everything to inrich you.. America.. The land of the oppressed and the oppressors..
Yessss, I love when they buy domains :D
Well, we should get a copy of those companies and trusts Sacklers want to shield from liability. Then find where they are and BURN THEM TO THE GROUND.
Remember that time HSBC was caught knowingly laundering money for Hezbollah, Al Qaeda, and the Sinaloa Cartel (among others) and AG Eric Holder called the DA that discovered and was like "Hold on fam, the Fed has this"...then they proceeded to not prosecute anyone and instead fine HSBC something like 2 hours worth of profits and after backlash claim "No one thinks this is too easy on them"? Ya, it's almost like the entire US justice system is a fraud. Want it to change? Too bad, Americans have become too lazy to effectively influence the government.
The website doesn't work :(
today on "America, the scum of the earth, with John Oliver"; How rich people can buy their way out of justice in a way that doesn't actually impact their wealth. Not to be confused with the episode on Bail which is just almost the exactly same fucking thing.
Horrible ethical concerns aside, that cover of Shout was pretty good, and he nailed that ending
The United States is a country where people just have to have faith in billionaires like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos to use their wealth in a manner that is legitimately not dangerous to the rest of the people because they could commit genocide with that wealth and the legal system will let them go because of their wealth and their contribution to the economy, and of course, capitalism. I wouldn't be surprised if in 50 years the U.S. DOJ is owned and courts are run by private companies, or better yet, judges are allowed to be "lobbied" like congressmen are.
"nobody is intimidated by linguists."  i beg to differ, john.  john mcwhorter is exquisitely intimidating in his linguistic expertise.
You guys do good work here. Thank you on behalf of the countless victims.
Every week this gets worse and worse, what the fuck is wrong with USA? Every single episode I watch my brain just goes ,,why would anyone set up a system like this? Why would anyone agree to it?" Like at this point god damn communism looks more appealing than living in US.
Im pretty sure that Columbian cocaine dealers meetings had LESS bang and energy than that Sacklers "sell" song.
I love America.  In my home country if you ruin thousands of live you go to jail or get haaunged. In America you gamble and lose. You are given more money. Love this place. I don't care for the racism, sexism, homophobia, the huge gap between Rich and Po the and transphobia but other than best place to live.
Not that I'm supporting him but Damn that's a good Roy Orbison style note he sings!! 😂
Making a joke about a billionaire dying in space being heart warming. God I'd like to see him make jokes like these in controversial settings. Like make a joke like this about trans people, or black people. This is just mindless pandering to your socialist crowds. Fuck you John Oliver, never watching your shit again.
I am more afraid of a ten year old than a linguist
Seize all their assets and let them rot in jail.
Drug dealers are only punished if they're poor and or non-white it seems
how do we know if this is a pissfight between HBO and Purdue?
Opioids episode III: The Not-So Phantom Menace
Great video
To be honest, the woman who invented oxycontin isn't totally wrong.  There was good evidence to believe that a slow-release opioid would be advantageous for chronic pain sufferers and similar pain treatment.  In general, slow-release drugs are less prone to abuse.  It was the execution of the slow-release mechanism, which was easily tampered with and defeated, and the relentless marketing and lies to doctors and the FDA, as well as the willingness of doctors to play along, that turned oxycontin into a horror show.  Nothing was intrinsically wrong with the idea.
One of the saddest parts of all this is now it is incredibly difficult at tmes for legitimate pain patients to get effective meds. I had major abdominal surgery recently and the doctor tried to prescribe me tramadol for at home pain. Tramadol does next to nothing for severe pain. I had to actually call the surgeon in and talk to him, and luckily he agreed and perscribed me a short course of low level oxy, which is very effective for pain. Dr's are now terrified to prescribe legitimate meds for serious surgeries and conditions, and it can be rough for patients. It's a sad fact. Oxy is by far one of the most effective pain meds out there and it sucks what has happened through bad practices.
I mean I super agree with the spitefulness but I sure wish someone paid off my student loans or my mother's old medical debt instead of buying a .com to make a point
+
Sounds like some street justice is needed.
They should be in jail
What a sh8thole country
As a Master's student in English Literature and Linguistics, I would like to warn everyone of the perils of fucking with a linguist... especially a Corpus Linguist; those bastards are insane!
As a Master's student in English Literature and Linguistics, I would like to warn everyone of the perils of fucking with a linguist... especially a Corpus Linguist. Those bastards are insane!
When the crap hit the fan, some legal dream team and advisors got together. They spent millions in fees and research to see how to protect the Sacklers while leaving Prudu as the scapegoat. Then some investors and bankers developed a long game plan, hoping that Prudu fixes the mess while the public looses interest. Then some investors wrote a plan for the Sacklers to invest enough folding cash to self-sustain and pay off the settlements without drawing from any real Sackler money. A lot of shell games and legal centerfuge to protect the Sacklers from the consequences of their greed. True justice would be if all of them were in jail, surrounded by all the addicts they created. Whatever this third party crap is need to be taken off the suit. Leave them to twist for ever.
Les bouledogues vigneronnes is 1. a terrible name 2. wrong. Bouldogue is a male pronoun so it should be vignerons.
Kind is still the King 👑
Why not be a successful person and NOT take drugs, get addicted to drugs, get addicted to alcohol????  F those losers!
I watch Narcos at the moment... the similarities are shocking
Who would knew that the "suit" would be you, John.
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there."  Fingers crossed for next time.
John Oliver forgot that he is a British citizen which country destroyed China with opium addiction and fought them to avoid its ban which made British citizen rich which includes the his family now telling about victims must be heard and compensated what a hypocrite ignorent fool
Fuck you my Tamogachi lived until the battery died.
Who is looking forward to Michael Keaton's new movie about this very subject?
These people are so awful that I’m ashamed that my last name even shares a letter with theirs.
Aren't  those opiods  prescription drugs ? Shouldnt doctors  and phamacists also be held accountable?
You know our system is fucked when these people have knowingly killed hundreds of thousands over the years, and sending them to jail is not even on the table. We're fighting over what fraction of the bounty they should pay back to be completely cleared of all responsibility, that's it!
Quick one: who’s hitlers boss?
there are no consequences when you have $$$
When I was 7 I lost my Tamagotchi in a shoe store next door to a Old Navy.  I cried for hours because I was positive that my Tamagotchi would think I had abandoned it on purpose.  I was upset for weeks afterwards because I felt horrible that because of my own carelessness my poor tamagotchi was all alone with no one to take care of it. I was sure that It was out there somewhere scared and lonely… …So yeah 😆 I’d agree that it was a pretty traumatizing toy.
If they died for some reason that money doesn’t matter.
We're all fucked.
Purdue will be the new Bayer. Bayer was part of IG Farben. IG Farben made Zyklon B. Zyklon B was used to INTENTIONALLY COMMIT COLD-BLOODED MURDER OF MILLIONS OF PEOPLE IN WWII.  Enjoy your Bayer Aspirin.
I have dealt with chronic pain since 1992. No one EVER offered me Oxycontin.  I feel so left out... Damn you VA for providing responsible care! 😎
Another week, another subject that is depressing!
Immediately after watching this video I got a YouTube ad for the new Hulu show Dopesick about the sackler family and opioid sales pushing
America has guns, drugs & legal weed. Honestly stop complaining Australia is police nanny state without anything cool.  The only ONLY reason I stay is because of the health care... That & it's illgeal to leave my country. The USA is cool. Plus Heroine is cheaper there! All well least he isn't complaining about made up fake racism this time or ""black haircuts.""
Let me save you all 24 minutes. To no one's surprise, a billionaire family that profited from criminally reckless actions is about to escape all significant consequences and there's nothing you can do about it.
As European it really bothers me that OxyContin is even used. I suffer from cluster headache and international support groups are full of American people addicted to Oxycodone in general. It's heartbreaking. I would never even touch it, even with a stick, I would never take it no matter the hurt.
I've watched opioids I & II more times then I've seen my dad
Different justice for different set of people. America at its finest.
Yay, murica! Where a comedy show has to be the voice of reason and fairness, because the judiciary system is bought up and corrupted.....yay?
Said before and will say it again...I facking love John Oliver and the LWT team! Making it possible for people who suffered this crisis to be heard.
Richard Kind doing a Gilbert Gottfried impersonation?  ;-P
So, corporations are people only when it comes to buying politicians?
This only proves how "GREAT" America is!!!!😑😑😑
Gonna say it. G U I L L O T I N E.
I swear it on my own life if i ever meet any of them i will cut them with my knife for every single time my big brother with his 145 iq put a spike in his arm, i will not miss an opportunity to cut those scum down
Plot twist: One of the SLACKERS comes by and pays the 10bil out of pocket.
That's the problem with our society. We are so capitalistic that the rich are able to get preferential treatment out of the power of money and we are okay with it. Justice isn't something you should be able to prepare your way out of dealing with with money and a bit of foresight while poor people are forced to settle despite innocence. We all know we are not equal in front of the law because the law dangles different options in front of the rich, while it doesn't offer ways of convenience to the poor, to which it says well boy you are shit out of luck, the law is there if you can't leverage it this isn't the forum set up to solve your problems, and sure enough it rarely does so directly but money should play no part in a justice system worthy of its name. I say throw a RICO case together instead and prosecute them in unconventional ways like what was done to the mob. Limited liability and other shit like this was put in place so that the rich could avoid consequences for their actions, and even avoid paying creditors through a legal buffer, it's not okay. Imagine if Hitler said well it's not my fault, the Nazist regime did it, I was just a cog in the machine... It's the bloody same difference and the case proved they used illegal tactics, how come white collar crimes always get such light sentences? Because the law was made by rich people to allow "justice" for rich people, which isn't justice at all. People should start asking themselves, a country whose justice system favors the rich is it truly a democracy? Is this the type of justice system a democracy would put in place or is this the justice system of an olygarchy? If the justice system of my democratic nation is that of an olygarchy and is just dressed up in black-face to appeal to a broader audience, is that really more democratic or in touch with the people? I think not. The justice system has beautiful tenets it doesn't live by, they are just slogans. Everyone is equal in front of the law isn't true. What is true is that the law is the same for everyone but it's quite apparent that the same law doesn't make it equal for everyone. Being the same for everyone doesn't mean everyone is the same before it, it's just an inevitable consequence of being the fucking law. Sure there is supposed to be no open discrimination but then we go back to the black-face make-up. This isn't okay. We are told private justice is bad but if the superhero craze is of any indication, nobody actually believes that anymore because the justice system has been unjust from the getgo. Ever heard of the term "legal minefield"? The presence of a minefield implies that something there is illegal but if you squint your eyes the right way everything turns copacetic. Regardless of whether the act should be legal or not, there shouldn't be bloody minefields in the law, the law shouldn't be something you can navigate. If you commit murder you shouldn't be able to magically make the charge disappear because you said the right mantra at the right time. Why should it be any different with non-violent crimes? And why is it that the non-violent crimes we are talking about are always those of the rich. A kid could sell some weed and go to jail till not so long ago in most states, yet drug companies can claim limited responsability because what? They didn't know? The fuck does a kid know? The law doesn't admit ignorance is another fucking tenet of the law everyone seems to forget when the ignorance of the rich is involved. It's no longer he didn't know but he couldn't possibly know. Fuck off, that doesn't mean anything. You know enough to call a lawyer ahead of time to look at the legal minefield, you should know enough to research addiction before selling fucking opioids as the next-gen panacea. You didn't know at the time doesn't fucking cut it. Even if you truly couldn't know at the time, it's not the law's problem. Hitler likely didn't know at the time that killing Jews was bad, that's not called not knowing at the time that is the type of shit you prosecute. If you act with disregard for public safety, that in itself should be enough for a criminal charge. You don't need to actively be seeking to do harm, you are selling drugs, it's in the fucking name, how unreasonable is for people who are selling literal drugs to be expected to check if they could be addictive in a way that endangers public safety if sold to the wrong segment of the population who doesn't actually need them? This isn't rocket science, this is the type of self evident that allows you to sue the owner of a bar if you slip and fall on a slippery floor not properly advertised.   Drugs = slippery floor Wrong marketing = not properly advertised  It's not fucking rocket science. If you sell drugs you need to make sure they end up ONLY in the hands that need them which means you NEED to figure out who needs them and who doesn't.  A small business owner can lose his family house which was bought before opening the business as a result of not putting up a wet floor sign. They should be taken in for every penny they ever had, not just those made through Purdue, that's justice equal for everyone.  I would even be okay if you told me, no the one we are giving the Purdue family is justice but then that needs to be the case for everyone, poor, rich, big, small, male, female, and so on and so forth. Instead people added into the law the excuses of the rich and forgot to do the same for the excuses of the poor, those aren't good enough, they are poor excuses, quite literally.
nice another episode of american depression
Purdue is just a government-backed, system-supported, law enforcement protected drug dealing racket.   They're literally farming and cultivating Opium poppies, primarily in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and other highly politically volatile regions in the Middle East, in order to mass manufacture and sell them in a more, "innocuous," pill form to an addicted Western World, and then laundering the profits through offshore Cayman Island Bank accounts and foreign investments, effectively giving themselves a plausible deniability buffer against responsibility for the tens of THOUSANDS of deaths caused by their over-the-counter Heroin every year.   They're not just drug dealers, they're THE most successful, industrial scale drug dealers in history.   And for some reason PERFECTLY legal, in most Countries around the World.   It's abhorrent.
John setting the price for 10B might be the biggest affliction the "Sack(of balls)lers" will ever get out of this.... and that is just SAD....
Im not trying to offend anyone with disabilities but whenever John makes a joke its almost like he has tourette's lmao. Like he goes into joke mode for a few secs then returns to normal.
only in America if you commit crimes and if you rich you about the law pay a fee and be your way and if your a poor it jail time
In every show or movie when a drug cartel is mentioned, they show a Mexican hacienda. Instead they should show one of the Sackler's villas and condos in Bel Air, The Hamptons and Manhattan.
@last week tonight   Why dont you make a segment about youtube’s algorythms optimizing for engagement? Dont you think 100 billion videos and the most advanced deep neural nets /machine letning could have a negative impact potentially because mentally ill and sick people stay at home more and probably kill time with youtube, the algorythm would figure this out by sheer mass if there is such a possibility witch would also connect with fake news and donald trump.  :-)  Look into it maybe something there, even if not interessting storry scary things always helped storrys go big no? But this one is better than fear from ai taking over bullshit that is almost a strawman capable of killing more sophisticated possibilitys.
Look...  let the degenerates die already...  stop giving Narcan to the people of Emergency Services and let these people go.  Costs more to save these idiots.
I did no sell crack, the street sold the crack.  -Sacklers
Not exactly "Otis Day and the Nights" :)
Great piece . We are sorly missing someone like John Oliver in Germany  ( don't believe the bullshit that the government is putting out :Germany has an opioid Crisis, legalized Corruption , a corrupt party system , deeply entrenched racism and the worst handling of the pandemic on the European continent and so so so much more  ) .
Sackless
I call BS on all of this as I used the drug through my doctor and had no problems taking it. Now with all the BS combining street drugs from China/ Mexico that ARE the killers, the media goes after a legal manufacture following the laws as they stand now and cry about how bad they are when the elephant in the room is the smuggled deadly drugs sold in every city by gangs(mob) that are free to do their business because they cannot be sued and it costs too much money to put a end to those drugs!  Politely incorrect to state the class of people making the killer drugs available! And now, I have to beg for enough lesser effective drugs from my doctor, that is pressured by stupid law makers becoming controllers of drugs, with an outcome of taking my chances on street drugs to reduce my pain levels or find a way to make my own drugs in this new digital information age!
More of this types of updates please.  Updating Some of you best old episodes.
What’s really sad to think is there’s really only one way to change any of this. The old system has to come down. No amount of reform or fine or political party will change it. It’s sad to think.
Its the thought that they had a closed door meeting to make sure none of them would go to jail, then disperse what they could offshore, more into trusts, and then make sure that the "company" was sued and paying not the "family" in which they will be able to write off everything....slow clap
Those withdrawals of monies to protect them from legal jeopardy, in my opinion, pierce the veil of encorporation. DOJ should pursue the family directly.
John throwing shade at Chili's and for what I like Chili's D:  They have fresh nachos
This seems less about a health crisis and more about unadulterated vindictiveness. If, on the other hand, this is supposed to be one more indictment of the many psychopaths who administer America's warped version of capitalism, it is overly particular. The Sacklers are much too ordinary to be singled out. Moreover, they are a shining example of what made Wall Street great. What's the matter with you people?
These scumbags literally killed my 17 year old sister.  At her funeral the school provided an honorary diploma for activities relating to helping depressed / suicidal students. The Sackler family needs to be held personally accountable, the death penalty feels appropriate.
"some heartwarming event like a billionaire going to space and dying" - you can really see the envy in this guy, he thinks he's on "the good side" while wishing people who've done better than him nothing short of death. Lefties are by definition losers who want to be treated as winners.
Protecting doodoo that killed many people promotes the spread of doodoo. Sacklers are the plague.
A system of injustice for sure
This is the only case where I would be totally ok with Civil Asset Forfeiture
Funny how the "War on Drugs" does not apply to these assholes.  It's all just people at the bottom end (e.g. street dealers, gangs, etc.)
Anyone who gets addicted to Oxy...gets what they deserve.  I'm intelligent, would never take that crap whether it was prescribed or not.  #Losers
USA, land of the Exploitative and the Rich
When they dealt with Pablo Escobar they didn't take so many precautions and simply gunned him down. Why is this not applied to the Sacklers ?
Netflix please make a documentary about this
Unpopular take:  This settlement is actually a good thing.  What's the alternative.  Bunch of people are pissed that they're "not heard", but that's only b/c they assume they'll be awarded damages in their suit since everybody is on-board the train.  What happens when their suit goes on for 10 years & the end up losing it, and then have to pay for Purdue's legal fees.  It's not as peachy of an outcome by any stretch of the imagination.  And say 1000 civil cases do all indivudlaly happen, some found innocent, some found guilty, but the Sacklers still wouldn't be going to jail, they wouldn't even be on the hook for criminal damages if each suit was taken separately. With this settlement at least victims & families of victims get some money (albeit, not a lot), and actual money is invested into resolving the epidemic.  It wouldn't have been a better outcome without this settlement, IMO.
If a drunk driver runs over innocent people, we should definitely fine and punish the car. I did not do it! The car did.
Those people aren't going to go have any time in prison, while addicts who sometimes need to go to undue lenghts to get their fix of the product that family created often go out with lenghty time. The sacklers should bear the burden of all these peoples prison sentences.
Growing up i used to love the USA and dreamed of one day living there. The more i learned about the country the more i realised the american dream is only for the ultra rich. Im gonna need more money before moving 😭
Yes, and that death toll can be owned by the FDA and DEA.  The results of them scaring and harassing doctors and causing them to stop prescribing safe opioids to people who need them, caused those people to hit the streets, along with the druggies, sometimes just so they can keep their JOBS and continue taking care the their kids and household duties which they were successfully doing with their legal prescriptions! It then inspired the fentanyl laced drugs so now BOTH drug seekers and former legit patients are dying from those counterfeit meds. GOOD WORK GUYS!!!!!
They will get their 3rd party release
The psychopathic billionaire class wins again
70.000 dead in a year? Good news  that'll help with the overpopulization.
If I were American and I'm giving the military a gazillion dollars to defend me, I'd demand them to bomb the shit out of Purdue Farma and give the Sackler family exactly the same treatment they gave to Ben Laden.
Who else has been to rehab? Fuck these people.
Only a fool would trust doctors these days. Patients went from the customers who were provided services in exchange for money to products who are sold to pharma and other companies for a profit.   Makes me look at doctors like how I look at advertising executives, fucking scum of the earth. It's just fucking sad...
That is how the system works.  Once you get rich, no matter what you do, you can murder half a dozen people in your car, be linked to a child sex trafficker, whatever else depravity can imagine, you will not be held accountable and you cannot lose your wealth.  There are numerous support systems written into our legal system to prevent the rich from ever becoming normies again, and to help them get forever richer.
Even more basic, John.  Corporations are formed PRECISELY to separate individuals (and their assets) from the company.  See the boom in LLCs for small companies that were sole proprietorships.  It's basic business advice for protection.  Sometimes it really sucks, but that's how it works.  See why companies like to incorporate in Delaware (It's nothing to do with Joe, BTW).
dope
That's what I hate about corporations being thought of his people because corporations can't go to jail and they really can't be punished you have to stop punishing these people that run corporations and drop the nonsense idea that corporations are people
The impunity of the elite people is beyond measure.  Everywhere, in any country... Rich people gets their way out of any shit.
Haha ex addict here no love for the sackler's but I'm pretty sure you address the 1st lady as a Dr. Cause of sexism... So was that John being sexist against the linguist?
Bankruptcies: should do one on the NRA again and their fraud
Put them in one cell with some mexican cartell gangsters for a week...
Me: Nothing can possibly shock me about opioids after the last two Last Week Tonight episodes on the subject. John: *brings out this episode* Me: ...there is no God.
This was good.
Ya gotta love how corporations themselves love to be considered “people” when it benefits their bank accounts. But as soon as they’ve got subpoenas on the way that ‘personhood’ argument seems to fly right out the window.
What about adhd treatment? Can you send a undercover person that knows the perfect med mix to go and get meds trial? I think 90% of America psychiatrists would fail to care to tiltrate with effort and succsess but its too murkey so nothing changed brcause its not snappy and in public mind like celebritys and spacerockets
Corporations aren't people. They are what rich people hide behind to avert responsibility for their actions.
I wouldn't have sold the domain for $10 billion. I would have sold it for a guilty plea for personal criminal liability.
This whole video is the entire point of corporations.  A corporation is a legal entity designed to shield individuals from personal responsibility.  You think the people who benefit the most financially from a business should have the most responsibility for its actions?  No fuck you.  That's not how our legal system works.  You can get over it because corporate law has decades of precedent and extensive legislation supporting it.    In a situation like this, even management is never held responsible.  Much less ownership.  That's just living in fantasy land.
The USA is so F77KED up in so many ways from Dump and his CULT to racism etc etc
John Oliver and his team are doing God's work! What an eye-opening (and chilling) episode!
When committing severe multibillion dollar felonies, remember to register as a LLC.
HAHAHAHA OMG  '' ill fuck with a linguist all day long ill show you''  *proceeds with example*                    OMG burn wtf dude
Those bastards should all get a close encounter with Sparky.
1:53 I'm pretty sure a certain former Cracked writer reused an After Hours segment for that joke...
Its incredible to say that never before has there been a moment where 10 million dollars have been spent for opioid abatement when 10 billion dollars have been made from one company creating that dependence.
Is Shit Sackler a redundant Pun ?
My friend died because of these fuckers
The Sacklers are a representation of the American Capitalist mentality. Profits over everything, YOU Americans fostered this so enjoy your own doing. Enjoy
We'd be better off if all billionaires are shot into space... to never return, so we can fix the system.
I think the French language is owed an apology for that horrible fashion line name. I mean honestly, what the hell was she thinking? "Les bouledogues vigneronnes" is the type of shit that that "kill it with fire" was made for.
"We're rich so we'll escape accountability" that's what we're going to change
15:35 Non-consensual ones?
Why would the opioid crisis go away? Before finally pulling out, the U.S. Military was helping Afghan farmers irrigate their fields to increase output in an effort to win over the rural population. Afghanistan's agriculture is basically all poppy... Everything you talk about here is the dog & pony show. We can end the crisis in a single stroke of a pen. Forget owners, just have them inventory what they produce and trace every pill. It's much easier than it looks and was commonplace before we allowed drug companies access to MD's patient records. A point one of your previous videos already made.
I gave my tamagotchi to teacher, she raised a dog and gave it back... dog died 2 days later ಥ_ಥ
I knew that I found Perdue chicken strangely addictive...  oh, wait...  ;-P
What's surprising here? American billionaires doing whatever they want and get a slap on the wrist from the Congress people they've paying for years?
If you're poor you can get life in prison for smoking a joint.  If you're rich, however, you can make billions off of crippling a generation using incredibly illegal tactics and just claim "oopsy"  What a fucking joke. What. A. Fucking. Joke
A phd in linguistics but uses F word.
'Unchecked money in politics', this is one of the things it gets you. This legal presidencies is a sham and failure to Democracy; monied minority control of government is rife in the the US uncontrollably.  Looking into every, this isn't a Democracy anymore than a Flawed Democracy is.  If you still believe 'Merica' is a Full Democracy I just lied to you or You're liying to yourself.
Billionaires forcing pills down the throats' of idiots
Rich - who cares  Other - must die
They must have friends in high places
11:24 IDK why, but for a second, I thought John’s hands were wrinkly.
the overdose death number doesnt even cover the thousands of other people who die from stuff like heart attacks, liver failure, and accidents due to opiates too. meanwhile FDA on a crusade against kratom, which could help these people get off of the opiates.
And then there is the role that the family plays in the far right antisemitic circles.
"The Sacklers"?  Isn't that a new Fox sitcom?
Damn. That company is pretty fucking evil.
I get the Sacklers complacency and reckless selling but isn’t this prescribed by doctors? Where are the doctors that over prescribed? Aren’t they more if not as responsible?
10:3 I guess. Edit: 10:13.
The past 4 years taught me that if you're rich, republican, or both, you can act with complete impunity.   Accountability doesnt exist
Let's see why I should be depressed/angry this week...
lock them up on death row.
Yeah, Summer Ends
70k?! More than VIETNAM....they only had 65K
Two nouns as a double negative. Brilliant
ive been watching this show for a long time, this is the best episode yet. great journalism and great job reporting Mr.Oliver. thank you
Imagine being paid by a Sackler to read these comments. How'd you end up here, stranger? What sad wrong turn did you make? Any why did you continue?
Their name is "sack"ler.  Sounds like bank robbers to me.
She is bragging about letting gov give them zero time for 100k murders
Just crunching numbers here: 70'000 overdoses a Year / 365 = 191.78 overdoses a day / 24 = 7.99 overdoses an hour. So while you watched this video, almost 4 Americans died of an opiod overdose.
Sackler family and friends desperately downvoting.
How do over 100 people downvote this video .... ? Are they voicing their displeasure with Purdue and these assholes? Certainly cannot be the coverage here. These WASPS are pure evil 1%'ers who cannot fathom becoming "common" because they created millions of addicts over decades and illegally pushed the holy HELL out of Oxy!!  I HATE these people. The Sackler family is the poster family for what is WRONG WITH AMERICA TODAY!!
god america is such a terrible country
Now let's trust Pfizer with their medication
Another video to see what American has messed up. Again
TLDW:  the system is fucked and rich people get away with everything. One thing I couldn't help but wonder, why is Purdue facing (minimal) consequences for oxy, but cigarette companies don't face similar repercussions?  Addictive product? Check tens of thousands of deaths each year? Check (actually hundreds of thousands)  ...but tobacco is still sold freely, even without a prescription.
They should personally pay John Oliver ten billion dollars for the domain, thus ushering in a new golden age of humanity.
Did you know that if you were on a jury trying the murder trial of someone who ate the Sacklers, or any other rich person, that you could find the defendant not guilty, even in the face of overwhelming evidence? It's true. And you would face no consequences, and the defendant could go on to eat another rich person and could be found not guilty yet again, and the government would be helpless against it. It's all true.   Just an interesting tidbit on the American legal system that I thought I would mention.
Look I’m not saying the linguist wife is right, but in a world where we had to spend half a week as a nation acknowledging it was was DR (of education) Jill Biden earlier this year, let’s at least be consistent here.
Why are there no subtitles :/
I think this is the only episode that targets personally, of course other than Trump that hits hard.
_This is the song that never ends_
Literally every single one of them should be hanged. Add a few hundred other criminal CEO's and owners, and maybe they will start thinking twice.
#3?  Careful John the stuffs addictive...
Æ Æ
Idk who couldn't love John Oliver.
Was he singing that Shout cover with Balki from Perfect Strangers?
I thought Lambchop was a Delaware corporation owned by a Cayman Islands trust, that specializes in keeping hands stuck where the sun don't shine.
CORPORATIONS ARE NOT PEOPLE!
I love how he never made a segment about Palestine...
What I don't understand is that these drugs are prescription-only. So why aren't people sueing their doctors, and the doctors, in turn, Purdue? After all, shouldn't writing these prescriptions have consequences, too?
has been a long time but once again I find myself agreeing with John Oliver 100%
"I would argue no billions" is... A bizarrely sad statement
It's disgusting.
This is not democracy, demo-corp. The family will be shielded, and governments will spend money on abatement. Which means that it will go to government contractors. Do I have to say more..
If the justice system can't promise results there should be a counter response for retribution. These people deserve a bullet in the skull in minecraft
make sure you Do NOT mention 96000 Alcohol deaths in last year-So wheres your lawsuits and targeted hate at owners of Jim Beam, Jack Daniels, Evan Willams, Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, or god forbid Anheuser-Busch? Hell no!! His hatred for Sacklers only makes sense if he balances the story with real truths like the fact that if someone died of COVID19 BUT had opioids in their body at time of autopsy, the death MUST list as opioid related death! Is that a "major Asterisk?" Geee.
it is infuriating to see once again, that for rich people the law doesnt matter
I dont care about opioids (anymore). Our world is dying right in front of our eyes.
Don't hate the players, hate the game🤑 Also what about the doctors who prescribed the meds?
Come on John the New York Attorney General is a woman.(Att. General Letitia James)
Hate how they've  pushed all this shit on us veterans. I myself have been fighting opioid addiction for years. Even weening is extremely difficult. I've found its easier to quit smoking than to quit opiods. The VA is also to blame here though
"Okay, that's enough internet for today." -- me at 1:15
19:55 3:00
I think opioids are ok. They make u feel good.
I like how all these people just *look* evil
at 4:49 the real John Oliver is trying to get out. DEMONNN
This does beg the question if the Sacklers do buy the site for $10 billion where will it go to? Because “I don’t know”.
How is this drug still available??
Don’t spoil empire of pain for me…
Her apologize just words , a complicated air flow and manipulative haha
Don't forget that you cannot eliminate stupidity through legislation. The "War on Drugs" that began under Reagan, has had one major outcome: it has filled the prisons (many of which are now private for-profit businesses) to near overflowing. Imagine being that homeless guy now serving 20 years for stealing a slice of pizza. Let's play a little mind game: imagine being proud of America. If you can pull off that piece of mental gymnastics, then you're all set for doublethink.
I’m sorry John for not finishing watching this episode. I’m hard wired to fight for fairness and this just boils my blood way too much to be healthy… what these people get away with, while others (non wealthy people) get locked up for speeding and not being able to pay debt collectors… it is so immensely unjust that no-one can say with a straight face that lady justice is blind or that she judges equally…the whole justice system is totally corrupt and non-functional
“Knowing what I knew then, what I would do differently” sis that shjt wouldn’t even fly in a YouTube apology.
Love the ending😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️
The day they shifted legal liability from the individual to the "corporation"  is when capitalism won over ethics and or accountability. 😭😡
The corporate veil is a great invention
Predue makes look OCP from robocop a decent campany.
How many Senators and Congressman are in your pocket?
Kudos to whoever made the image in the thumbnail. That's actually a pretty cool picture
8:15 i love how accurate this is to my nephew!
There are a BILLION TRILLION MILLION TRILLION BILLION reasons and things that I HATE the Sacklers for. I used to walk into museums like MoMa and many others and I see their name above all of that beautiful art. "The Sackler Gallery". I never knew it then that they were killing my friends and family while I was looking at the art in their galleries. It makes me sick to think of now. All the manipulation and the money and the lives lost and ruined. And in high society the Sackler are "philanthropically" supported or most important institutions of art and science. They have their names plastered everywhere. And I just want to scream. I want to tear it down. They make me sick. And I hope their poisoned OPIOIDED BILLIONS chokes their soul in hell after they die. The Sackler a are not good people and their names should no longer represent anything in or on the walls and facades at the apex of our great institutions.
@legaleagle we need you to review this.
That lambchop reference though 😆 brilliant
They only provided bullets but the doctors pulled the trigger
There's one linguist you absolutely don't fuck with and that's J. R. R. Tolkien. He'll invent an entirely new language to swear at you or he'll run you over with his car. Apparently he was a somewhat reckless yet brave driver before giving up on driving later in life. His driving motto regarding traffic was "Charge'em and they scatter!"
Jail, jail for the greedy and horrible people
The company should be declared a continual criminal organization, and the family involved charged with racketeering. Just like any other drug  cartel. Then charge all the drug rep's, and doctors aiding, and drug distribution, and just like other drug dealers have their illegal proceeds confiscated, likewise that 10 billion. They advertised oxycontin as non habit forming, with doctors backing the claim. John's right tho, nothing will happen, the family will ride off into the sunset.
You forgot to do half of the jokes.  Important segment, true...
I could watch those clips of Richard Kind saying “I don’t know” all day
OF COURSE the Richard Kind version is better. IT FEATURES RICHARD KIND.
What can _we_ *the little* people do about shit like this? It's far past time that "rich privilege" be put to an end.
The statement that sums this up: How many billions should they have to pay? No it should be how many billions do they get to keep. 0 billions.
Eat the rich....  These bastards should have to pay a price for the lives they have destroyed
As a non native speaker sackler already sounds like an insult to me.
Calling it right now: next move by those fucks will be to legaly change their last name to avoid public scrutiny.
These rich jerks are _beyond lucky_ that some extremely upset parent, who lost their child to an oxy OD, hasn't tracked them down 😵😵
get them addicted to oxycontin, then throw them on the streets and see what happens
John Oliver you are a gift to this earth. Thank you!  Your work matters!!
When I first saw the title, I said to myself “Urgh, not again. What have they done this time?”
John you are savage for all the right reasons!! We need shows like this. Also I did notice the over-inflated English major and LBV the winemaking murderers still have comments turned on for IG... just sayin'.
Hopefully some day they do a follow-up on the prison system one. It seems particularly relevant since Biden was at the forefront of the War on drugs and Tough on crime rethoric at the time. It took around 18 years or something for the Supreme court to find the execution of minors unconstitutional (2005 Roper v Simmons) It's also directly linked with this topic.
We been knew the Sacklers are drug dealers but no one who can do something want to acknowledge it, why don’t the DEA just arrest them!?
How many years in jail do you get in the US for a kilo of weed? 🤔
The guys name is basically dick sack and you made a total of zero jokes about it, I'm a lil disappointed but much more disappointed in our fucked legal system that allows billionaires to quite literally get away with murder
Wait wait wait, you are you telling me that one of them is Dick Sackler?
you know as they say, "I'll believe a corporation is a person when Texas executes one"... -Anonymous
He should have done opera, would haven’t destroyed us. I say we hang them
Î kinda would love draconic punishment making everyone in the family addicted to oxicontin. EVERYONE
How many of you went and looked up if Sherry Lewis was even still alive?
Yet cannabis sellers and growers who made no where near a million dollars, let alone billions, and never injured or killed anyone are still in prison. Court reform required.
Thank you for your show, as good as ever! It would however be great if the videos had subtitles right from the beginning, even auto-generated ones are better than nothing :)
On the one hand, it would have tainted the real human grief evidenced in the transcripts uploaded showing the depravity of the Sackler family. On the the other hand, I AM disappointed there's no obvious location on the website for a pesto chicken recipe.
Too big to fail ?   Total 🐴 💩  The Sack-o-💩 family and the rest of these killers will sure face judgment for killing hundreds and thousands.
This is an example of why Medicine should not be advertised.
Sacklers: Hah, we've got this massive scheme and armies of lawyers, we'll be fine at the end of this.  The John Oliver Effect: Allow me to introduce myself
Purdue Pharma: Drug Pushers in Business Suits
If individuals with money can pay for breaking the law, the law ONLY applies to THE POOR
John Oliver & his team out there doing the work society maybe doesn't deserve, but certainly needs. Not all heroes wear capes.
It's thanks to the past episodes that I recognized how entirely unsubtle Leverage Redemption was being with their first episode, where they had someone who slapped his name and reputation on museums via artwork donation to maintain his reputation after pushing addictive painkillers.  Also how unsubtle the series was in its first run, where a pharma bigwig noted that being fined 2 billion after making 14 billion is basically tipping your waiter. Cost of doing business.
Even Escobar killed fewer people than these people.
Hey as Chris Rock said "it's all right because it's all white." Just remember someone is sitting in jail for marijuana position. Ironically, a natural and way less toxic method of chronic pain relief and antidepressant.  🤔
That episode was poetry. What a team. There's no team making content like that. You guys fucking nailed it!
I don't know if it's John or the writers, but maybe we should tone down the jokes about wishing other people to die. (Before one of those "it's just a comedy show, grow a pair!" commenters come at me - I know it is. And these are distasteful, not funny jokes.)
I'm not a linguist, haven't studied it properly, don't plan to get a degree or minor in it because a degree in history is enough wasted time and money for my tastes, but I do quite love linguistics, and I really don't like that some people may have this and English teachers as their only exposure to anything relating to linguistics, so allow me to informally but strongly say that uh, most of the linguistics community would probably like to disown that bitch.   Also, I'd just like to share some fun linguistics facts to show that linguistics can be a cool and worthwhile field of study when it isn't plagued by massively wealthy drug pushers:  Finnish, unlike the major languages of neighboring countries, comes from a language family completely unrelated to most European languages that originated with Asian nomadic tribes.   Most Chinese dialects are not mutually intelligible, and thus speakers often cannot understand each other when talking to each other. However, these dialects share exactly the same Chinese writing, and because that writing system operates through symbols rather than phonetic letters, all Chinese dialects can be read the same, and understood through writing.   Korea, before the rule of Sejong the Great, used a system of writing adapted to Chinese before that king had scribes create a new writing system, which is still in use in Korea today. As the writing system was made to promote literacy, it is exceptionally easy to learn, even to a complete outsider, especially when compared with Chinese writing.  Conlanging, the practice of creating new languages, complete with newly assembled systems of grammar and custom phonologies, is an art form with applications in worldbuilding for writing or as a hobby enjoyed by many.   If you would like to know more, I encourage you to look around! There's a wealth of information that will make you wonder exactly how your English classes wound up being so boring!
An "opioid crisis?" As defined by whom? If a person has an addiction problem (and you can become addicted to damn near anything) it is of their own making. People (not the smartest of animals) are the ones who decide whether to use drugs, never mind any given particular drug. Drugs do not sneak up on peoploids and crawl down their throats or slide under their skin. Since the taking of drugs is a personal choice, ALL drugs should be legalised. If you want to see how many positive effects the legalisation of drugs can have, just take Portugal as your role model. Go on, look into it and don't just automatically absorb the opinions of medical amateurs on television.
🧡
The sad thing is that 99.9% of corporations do everything they can to destroy the public, their employees, and the countries in which they operate.  When you ONLY goal is to make as much money as possible.......this is what we get.  With so much money they can payoff whatever they need including lawsuits, politicians, and the public.  Isn't it funny I have not even watched this channel but we all know how it will go.
damn its a trilogy
At this point, it is just a "Weekly dose of depression with uncle Johnny"
French person here. We had a similar problem a couple centuries ago and we've applied a somewhat 'radical' solution to it. Sure, it was a little bit messy, but the ultra-rich have been pretty quiet since then.
Hi John, I write to you from Barcelona, Spain. Been out of the States for a long time. THANK YOU so much for presenting this shocking reality about the Judicial System and the drug- Crisis in the USA. This Family are truly like the people who have been put in prisión for dealing drugs. A tragedy.
I and my family are a part of this lawsuit, my father died at 45 due to his opioid addiction. It's very sad knowing our system is basically designed to just let these people get away with it for nothing, regardless of how we proceed with the lawsuit. Thank you for covering this John!
As a linguistics student... We know, but HEY
Wow. You really let them win, then.
People always say things like "kill your local heroin dealer."  Maybe we should focus more on these freaks, eh?
Coincidentally, the trailer of the upcoming Hulu series Dopesick was released 2 days ago. Looking good. I'm sold.
In this crazy age I'm surprised none of the current or former pill junkies haven't gone postal on that family.
First
The opioid epidemic has long been over… half my friends are dead
It could be argued that this entire country is suffering from opioid addiction.  How else can you explain Donald Trump?
Commenting for the algorithm gods lol
So basically the Sacklers are a post-RICO crime family using a pharmaceutical company as a front?   That means it will take literal decades to break it down.
Gotta love when rich people like the Sacklers get off with a slap on the wrist but someone who's poor ends up decades in prison for the same or less of the same type of crime committed. America.
Richard Kind really is the best Richard Sackler
Keep fighting the good fight. Thanks to all the writers and to John
Capitalism works beautifully, for the rich criminals that is
Dick Sackler sounds like a name the kids would have called me in school. Turns out it just unlocks an infinite money cheat.
Aye shout out to White Plains! finally John mentions something i'm intimately related to.
GOD... Can this be presented to me without a British language filter?! I’d probably have a better understanding in the end.
Wow, John, your eyesight got worse. My sympathies
Someone should do what the Monster with 21 faces did to the Japanese sweet company.
It’s disgusting how the members of this insanely rich and powerful family are trying to portray themselves as the victims of an epidemic they created
Thes same people who scream: Legalize it, are the one who want punishment and regulation of drug companies.
So. Deal drugs as a poor black person, life in prison. Do it as a rich white person, and you get to speak before congress about your persecution.
Its a slippery slope when erasing the differance between Company entity and individuals. I totally agree that the Sacklers deserve all the punishment possible for the things that they’ve done to the people of USA but it could set president for future cases where individuals might be at risk.
It’s almost like big drug companies are out to make money huh? Maybe we shouldn’t blindly trust them for…things. Cough cough
I'm from Ireland and this stuff is only generally prescribed for terminal patients because of the potential of addiction.
“Asked to apologize” The f…? An apology aint exactly gonna cut it now is it.
HAHA "you're going to regret"... is not exactly the stunning  attack you might expect from a cunning linguist or even a substandard karen but when dealing with the mouthy paste on of the family its not hard to understand
Strange, didn't you get the Memo?  Incorporating is specifically designed so the Individual's Owning the company are protected from Liability....
LOL Dick Sackler.
👍👏👏👏👏👏✌
At 6:00, looks like a mashup of Bryan Cranston and Richard Kind.
Genuine props to you for not only doing this, but doing it over and over. I admit sometimes I get annoyed with a rich british guy telling Americans what they should be doing, but the way you've spent your money on this is genuinely, incredibly smart and helpful. I hope there is a part 4 with a better ending, but probably unlikely.  I have a lot of medical problems and these turds have made my life very difficult. I have to use pain medication and I used it *as prescribed,* even so I get treated like a drug addict and have to prove I'm not over and over and over. Every month. It wouldn't be like this if the medication wasn't abused by salesmen.
I miss the good old times when we could just use the guilottine on rich, annoying people.
There are people serving life sentences for selling pot and these people sold drugs that killed hundreds of thousands of people and are billionaires for it
”Nobody is intimidated by linguists. You’re basically english majors who wasted more time.”  Gotta say that one makes me a bit depressed for all the linguists out there
Isn’t it crazy that all the people behind these types of epidemics have a similar heritage? But don’t bring that up or you’re hitler.
'...how many billions do you get to *keep*?' Yes! This! So much of this! They've inflicted horrible atrocities and made billions of doing so; they shouldn't be able to keep any of that money.
It's not to say it's not for sell...let's say 10 billion dollars.  Me: savage
Whatever happened to PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY!!!!!  And .org still exist, I wish you would go back to having SOME funny in your bit but I still love you though!
Dick Sack-ler
You've got to give their lawyers some credit because stuff they pulled off is pretty clever
Purdue As in Purdue chicken? The Sackler’s own Purdue?
It's sad and telling when this is the THIRD segment on the same subject. These people are scum and deserve a special place in hell for pushing their garbage. Personally, I've lost 2 friends to oxy and a few more are in/have been in treatment & recovery for oxy and fentanyl. I've seen it twist people to where they're no longer recognizable and are different people. It's ruined so many people that I rejected prescriptions for pain meds when I had dental work and when I had knee surgery. Hurt like hell, but just took ibuprofen and I'm glad I did. I REFUSE to be taken down or flush my life due to pills. F that.   If you're struggling, please try and get the help you need. It just takes a simple step to start and that step could wind up saving your life.
Rich people can go bankrupt without becoming poor and be responsible for so many deaths without going to jail. Gotta love the US justice system. 😂
64 billionares were offended up to this point in time
Oh god not again
Loved that: "When your family's company recklessly sold a product as damaging as oxycontin the right question (...) is 'how many billions is it right for you to keep?'"
Compare that to people actually going to jail for possession or selling small amounts of the same product.
So all capitalist lovers: entrepreneurial risk is zero, even while being an a*hole company. And all workers get fired. Well, in this case, good thing, but workers have less protection, less pay, and are used by crooks, who'll lie, cheat, manipulate to get away with it. That's not even capitalism anymore. And what kind of government can stop these people best?
All I know if I was the chairman off that company, I’d be smacked off my tits on…….. OXYCONTIN YEA M.S. CONTIN YEA!
Halfway through and calling that there will be a cunning linguist joke
A fart in the wind - it smells for a moment and then it's gone and the Sacklers are still filthy rich.
I love that you are the only outlet with the balls to tell the truth about issues. Our Media tip toes around the atrocities inflect on the the American people while you put your foot on the necks of these cretins. Keep up the great work
Why was america so harsh with Pablo Escobar and yet so gentle with these guys?
The main graphic guy is on it again. That guy needs a bonus
John  i think you should have put up a comment section on your website for people who wanted to share their own experiences
My doctor tells me it is illegal for him to tell me what medication can I take instead of Oxy? I looked it up and he is right. Report on how the AMA, DEA, have not allow a substitute for Oxy. This is all part of the sustainable development plan.
The only thing that will work as punishment for the very rich is prison time. Because the underlying problem is that they have more money they could possibly use, and therefore taking even half would be nothing of real significance. Get them by the only thing they can't ever buy back: Months and years of their lives.
Between this and the IPCC report my depression material for this week is poppin off
I like Mr Kind's new catchphrase.
"They're going to regret fucking with a linguist" - Joss Sackler Coming from her, this has to be an.....Oxy-moron
They don't know shit...the real problem is not knowing what your getting abd how most deaths are cause by opiates and benzo. A deadly cocktail. Decriminalization is w good first step. Why go after the small fish so hard when most cones from the kingpins. As recovering addict it doesn't make a difference to me or many of us if they get sued
Linguist: FUCKED WITH! Weird Kung Fu movie but k.
Somehow i feel depressed for citizens after watching this
Dear John, the opioid epidemic is not just numbers of people that die, but also the people who overdose and are being revived by naloxone (Narcan). Right?
4.3 billion out of 11 billion is nearly half though. I mean sure they still have billions, but 4.3 out of 10 when you own 11 I'd say isn't a drop in the ocean. They'll still be stinking rich but if you reason in percentages they lost a lot of money Edit: oooh but they moved money out of the company to protect it. Ok fair point
Fueled? Oxy was the rocket booster, the fuel, and the launch pad all in one.
My son asked "Why are my friends telling me that our family's work is killing people?  Also that the government instituted horrors to manufacture a racial divide with lingering effects".  It's just awful, I tell you, that our children can't live in a fantasy land where their parents are unambiguously the good guys.  Also what's with these safe spaces, why am I not allowed to be openly racist in college?
Aaaaand the website is already taken down... cool, the rich do what they want
wtf is that antisemitic hit piece?!
Nice man... getting payed millions to excuse the biggest drugsdealer in the usa.... but he is respectable....
“My grandfather is worth more than your life.” -Richard Sacklers’ grandson in coach on a Frontier flight probably.
Heinous.  I've lost several loved ones to oxy and these settlements just do more harm because the money comes from us not the killers who should be in prison and have their assets recouped.
no john you should not sell it for 10 billion dollars that is too low.  you should sell it for 10 billion dollars after taxes.
That is what you get if you bribe the politicians and justice system.... This is a good explanation why usa is one big criminal system.... What a bulkshit country....
Definitely need an episode on the Benzo epidemic as well.
Capitalism is a sickness of society and these are the symptoms. Americans can vote into office whoever they want but the real masters remain the same.
o sleep 🤬🤯😢😓😵😵😵 help
Didn’t you just do a pro vaccine episode encouraging us to trust the drug companies like Johnson & Johnson who just settle the $26 billion lawsuit for the opioid epidemic…
Mexico just sued the US gun industry over gun deaths resulting from guns carried over the border. Someone needs to follow suit and sue people like the Sacklers over the overdose deaths.
Please do an episode on taxes that need to be filed by American citizens who live abroad. The USA is the only country in the world that requires citizens who live abroad to still pay taxes to the USA. The result is that there are millions of people that still need to pay the IRS thousands of dollars in taxes, even though they cannot vote or have never even set foot in the US. These taxes are on top of the taxes that they need to pay in the country in which they live. Many US citizens who have never lived in the US aren't even aware that they need to file these taxes and get fined tens of thousands of dollars out of the blue. In the Netherlands, many citizens even had their Dutch bank account blocked because the IRS required more information. "So then just renounce your US citizenship, right?" Well, in order to do that, you first have to pay back all the fines that you still owe and then you have to pay an additional 2350 dollars on top of that. And all this trouble isn't even limited to the American citizens themselves... If you marry and American citizen living abroad, you will also have to hand over all your financial information to the IRS.
Could you run for President
Love to not know whether I'm going to be more enraged or depressed from each new installment of LWT
John’s back for round three boys!!
I literally just closed down the bar at the chilis I work at and laughed harder than I probably should have with that chilis joke lol
Great Video
The rich go to the Betty Ford Center, poor people go to prison.
Why did these people did not all got capital punishment??? They are clearly guilty as pablo  escobar..... These people do not have to own anything..... Zero billions, zero millions, zero single dollar must they stay around.....
I stand by the notion that if a crime is heinous enough or causes enough damage we should seize and liquidate all assets of a company. Prison sentences for normal people can absolutely ruin lives, so lets level the playing field and do the equivalent to the rich.
At what point will people think "I cant stop the criminal, but maybe i can stop the guy getting them off scott free"
37 people don't like this video. So, they are Sackler family members and people paid by the Sacklers?
I geniunly want to kill billionaires, not only take their property away, we are past that point
I feel very privileged to have briefly met Richard Kind, for many reasons, and a little bit because of his work on Last Week Tonight.
30 yrs working as a hot roofer , I broke my back twice my kneck one’s, I’m in pain all the time ,can’t sh*t, shower or becomes of the pain !    What do I do!!…
Sackler family... pharmaceutical company... villains... is it me or does Resident Evil's Umbrella Corp. just sound less fictional?
George Carlin''s  'The Big Club'  in operation...
When I gave birth to my son a little over four years ago, I was on Medicaid, and got to the hospital too late to get an epidural.  Even though I was in immense pain, I asked the OB to not give me opioids/opiates of any kind, as I am allergic to them (I have only ever taken them after surgery, in which they made me violently ill…never illegally…even with the prescription, I never finished the pills allotted to me…).  They put fentanyl in an IV anyway, and my baby pooped in utero, which didn’t, but could have had very serious -including death- consequences, so that the NICU had to be there when he was out…then after I gave birth, the OB forced a catheter up to get a urine sample to check me for opiates, which cost Medicaid almost $900…then they tested my baby for drugs too, even though I never voluntarily did opiates/opioids in my life…so yeah…but I suppose that is better than a GP who prescribed OxyContin for a cough when I was 6 months pregnant with my daughter back in 2006 (That was the last time I went to that GP)…
Welp, Sacklers look pity enough to DDoS or hack the site or even document repository, when it goes online
The maker of the guillotine has less blood on there hands then this family.
I wish I could have the pleasure of subscribing to this channel again and clicking the like button more than once
I see John read Empire of Pain.…..
every one of the sacklers look like they're on their own products and a microgram away from OD'ing
F*ck drug addicts. You did it to yourselves. The Sacklers are heroes.
Have you ever lied? Stolen? Used God's name as a curse? (ex. 'Oh my G-d') Dishonored your mother or father?  If you answered yes to any of the above, you have broken God's moral law, and are not right with God. When you die, you will be found guilty before God and sent to hell- a place of eternal torment, weeping and gnashing of teeth.   (By the way-every single human who has walked this earth but one (Jesus, the God-Man) has broken this moral code, and is guilty of sin!)  But! There's good news!   In God's infinite mercy, he sent his one and only son, Jesus Christ to die on the cross for our sins. Jesus died the death we deserved, and took the wrath of God on our behalf. This is a free gift for all those who repent (which means to turn away from wrong-doing) and confess Jesus as Lord, and have faith in him that he died on the cross for our sins, was risen after three days and sits at the right hand of God, the Father right now.  We are all guilty before God but Jesus paid our fine- let's turn towards Him, glorify Him, and rejoice in what He did for us on the cross!  John 14:6  "Jesus said to him, 'I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father but through Me.'"  Jesus Christ is who he says he is.  He came to the earth, fully God, fully man. Jesus died on the cross bearing our sins, and faced the wrath of God for us as substitution that whosoever repents of their sin with a sincere heart, and has faith in Jesus Christ shall be saved. He was buried then resurrected after three days and awaits with the Father in heaven until the day of judgement and wrath.  Jesus did this because, according to Romans 3:23, "For we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God."  Only Jesus lived a sinless life, a sinless life that we could never live. He is the only one who could die a substitutionary death for a sinner. So Jesus went to the cross to pay the debt we owe to God for our sin. Those covered by His sacrifice will inherit the kingdom of God and be reconciled to God.  Again, the way you do this, is you repent of your sin and have faith in Jesus. What does this mean? It means you take a good, hard look at your life. If you are honest, you will be grieved by your wrongdoing, and your sinful ways. Repent. To repent means to turn away from your wrongdoing. A sinner must acknowledge the hopelessness of his or her guilt before God in order for forgiveness to take place, and the sinner must understand that the "wages of sin is death" (Romans 6:23).  Then, as Romans 10:9 says, "If you declare with your mouth, 'Jesus is Lord,' and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead,  you will be saved."  You will be born again in Christ and will have eternal life as well as a good and true Shepherd watching over you with love. This is a gift freely given to all those who would repent and believe in Jesus. Not based off of works but by faith and faith alone.  If you don't repent of  your sinful ways, and don't believe that Jesus Christ is Lord, you will face the eternal wrath of God in hell.  Please I beg you, I urge you- call upon Jesus today and put your faith in Him. Know Him, and have a relationship with the most Loving and true and good and holy, holy, holy Savior- Lord Jesus Christ.
Thank god I never used opiods even though I get lower back pain every 2 to 3 months. I just combine Ibuprophene and acetaminophen. And I hope I never have to take opiods, I get hooked on stuff quick.
Being a person that will likely become a pharmaceutical technologist (or something alike), that's just infuriating! Not only because of what they've done, but also for the bad light they put the whole pharm category in, leading to diffidence to everything comes from a pharmaceutical company (including vaccines and any kind of treatment), with all the consequences we know
Uh… linguists don’t have no problems with double negatives. You see, there is a thing called “negative concord” where certain words change based on if the sentence is negative or not, and one of the most common choices in the world is to just use the negative form. Take the Latvian phrase: “es nekad nevienam neko neesmu bijis parādā”, which has four negatives in a row (the words that start with “ne­–”). Take as well, in English you cannot say, “I have any books,” to mean the opposite of “I don’t have any books,” the actual positive version is “I have some books.” But as well, “I don’t have some books,” sounds equally ungrammatical, because that’s not how the negative is formed in English.  So, whether you’re saying “any” or “no/none”, you’re still bringing in a new otherwise ungrammatical word to indicate that the rest of the sentence is negative.  Linguists aren’t just English majors that took things too far. We don’t really tell anyone how they should be speaking, we look at how native speakers actually are speaking, and figure out what rules exist that would cause such speech to be made.
$10 billion is nowhere near enough, try around $160 billion, and then we'll talk.
Man, they're getting off scott free, but all the people who got locked up for drug offenses are still fucked. Cool
Most news outlets don't cover the forgotten victims of the opioid crisis - chronic pain patients.   As a chronic pain patient who 24/7 has the feeling I'm being stabbed in the head unless I'm properly medicated (and even then, it's never less than a 6/10 pain) I'm so frustrated with the opioid crisis. Chronic pain patients are treated like criminals. We have our meds restricted or taken away, we submit to monthly drug tests, we have our pills counted, they made me choose between my mental health medication and my pain medication, etc. I have lost three people from my chronic pain support group to suicide because the doctors denied them their meds.  The majority of the opiate overdoses are heroin or fake pills bought that contain fentanyl. I hate that heroin and fentanyl OD's are lumped with legitimate prescription cases.  Please don't take from this that I blame the addicts or the doctors. While they aren't helping, I blame people like the Sacklers and lawmakers who profit off of this and who don't take the time to learn about all sides of this issue.  Don't keep punishing pain patients, trust me we're being punished enough...
We should set aside one day a month as a holiday where everyone is encouraged to silently follow a chosen billionaire while staring them down in utter contempt. I don't know if a sea of people staring daggers from all directions in unison would change anything, but fuck would it be rewardingly creepy.
John Oliver was made for this moment‼️🇺🇸🌎⚖️⭐️
This is why for profit healthcare needs to go.
6:25 The "I don't know!" version played by Richard Kind is stuck in my head since the very first moment it aired - every time I think to myself "I don't know" it is his voice in my head. Thank you John Oliver.
The fact that you can treat a company as the liable entity and not it's principal members when it fails, but where those people would have benefited had it not, needs to be fixed. It's a corruption of Capitalism.
HEY! Birdface is back! I knew I was up at 3:45am for SOME reason! 😂
I remember my grandma dying and i was in her hospital room and she’d wake up saying rainbows were crossing the room, get the dogs to stop barking, and get the mayo out of the bathroom. Oxycontin is strong
"You killed millions of people! Say you're sorry and you're free to go."
I'm with Cody Johnson, I would have preferred Jeff Bezos had gone to space and instead of thinking "wow we need to move the pollution out of my back yard", maybe could have questioned whether the things we're doing all that polluting for are really that important.
Damn. Imagine if John Oliver nets HBO 10 billion from this
They’re trying to be the hero’s of their own tragedy.
When you’ve corrupted the judges and courts, you’ve fully rigged the system.
They have made so much money, they will never, ever suffer a loss, and they know it. They could lose lawsuit after lawsuit, and still have more money than you or I have ever dreamed of. All we can do is take the symbolic gestures, walk away and try to convince ourselves that we gave it to the bad guys good this time, and go drink the lie away. GGs
https://youtu.be/c-zGUvT2_Tg
Ahh America… still the greatest country in the world I see. In other parts of the world, they don’t let you keep the riches you acquired through murder
"communism has never worked" yeah, capitalism is doing a great job
Sackler   Guzmán   Escobar   Palma Salazar   Felix Gallardo   Lazcano    Biggest names in drug trafficking
Im really not trying to play the devils advocate here but, as a former addict, and by addict i mean pills to Heroin. It didnt take the Sacklers to make us. Opiates have been around for years, junkies have been around for years. We were gonna get there either way. Trust me. Obviously the Sacklers can suck it. They can suck all of it. But Junkies gonna junk yo.
You should add a place on the peice of sackler site for people to put their testimonials for lost loved ones, kids without parents, robberies, murders, and all the other uplifting consequences to these assholes greed.
They can keep as many billions as they had the day before the announcement of oxycontin. Not adjusted for inflation.
Capitalism completely out of control ends up with hundreds of thousands dead, and millions of lives affected.
from the beginning of time lol
The problem was never the medicine withing the pills created for much needed reasons... The problem is the humanity that willing consumes and abuses these medicines until they are fiends The core problem started much earlier then the final choice to injest and abuse narcotics  The user needs more responsibility and blame for their own actions. I've done drugs, many a drug, and itbwas never the drugs fault I did it. It was MY fault I did the drug. Assumed responsibility for my own outcome  While I have no addiction,  I do understand how weaker minds can succumb to substances. That said, we all have known drugs are bad since a young age.. Yet it continues to escalate with no end in sight.  The drugs aren't a problem  The human condition is the problem
God damn I miss Oxycontin. Stupid fuckin sobriety... ughh.
1 *MONTH* supply costs (ball park) average of $1k ........   They'll *EASILY* make that $ back.. 💯
Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed J. Oliver made our Day:
11:30 sorry, British John O. In this shining city on the hill, the SC has declared that the corporation is a person. Except you can send it to prison or the electric chair. And this person is a Psychopathic mass murderer. pl see the docu "The Corporation"
These people should be publicly executed
Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed Jamie Oliver made our Day:
"Billionaire goes to space and dies there" Woo. John's humour is more and more radical
Why does every company needs a song?
What came first.. this episodes idea, or the 1 joke about Lambchop, what can we write about to make that joke?
Someone should find their accounts  and hack it. Then turn it into crypto and give the families the money. 🤷‍♂️
capitalism is a disease. The rich are getting away with it because the system is designed by them for them.
*Greed will supercede "righteousness".*                         🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️  Sacklers will probably get what they want... Despicable, but it's more realistic..   Either way --- it's the families that will still suffer.. Quite unfortunate..
There's no better way to start the week than with John Oliver!! 😂😂 This was...I don't know...brilliantly hilarious 😭😂 Love from the Netherlands ❤❤
Oh this tears it! Love you John Oliver! I may even forget about how you crapped on Bernie & poor President Maduro. I may even be able to overlook support of anthropogenic greenhouse warming & the sh-t jab!
"How much do you want the Sacklers to pay?" All they have and the rest of their lives in prison for all responsible, hypothetical strawman guy. They're murderers and they don't deserve any better just because they didn't do the deed with their own hands.
"Linguist... fucked!" Damn this has to be my favorite line of all episodes 😂🤣
16:44 The date on the graphic is in the future (at time of writing)
Richard Kind is worth his weight in gold.
Guillotines Now.
I just don't quite follow: you have a pain and you get a prescription from your doctor. Then you got addicted and ask your doctor to get more prescriptions. Then you get addicted totally and switch to heroin or something stronger. How in that case I could even charge Sacklers? I got this drugs from my doctor and I would blame him/her for that addiction consiquances.
Purdue kills hundreds of thousands of people and caused massive addiction problems, yet gets a slap on the wrist at best. No one will ever face prison time. Ever. Meanwhile complete generations are being locked up because of marijuana possession. And how many died of that? It’s actually very hard to find a single case for that.   It’s the world upside down.
Damn, Sackler said "I don't know" more times than Jess Sessions getting grilled by people!
Why is Santa an English bird man?
To be honest I'm a supporter of trying non-war criminals in The Hague. Like these people knowingly pushed a addictive drug for wide spread use and arguably knowingly led to the death of hundreds of thousands. If that doesn't count as a crime against humanity I don't know what will.   In this list I also want to include the people from the oil industry who have known about global warming and their role in it since an in house report in the 80's and funded a global misinformation campane hindering global legislation to protect humanity and current estimates put the future death toll at half a billion people.
I heard the Laxative companies were going to do Shit Now.
It must be so cool to be part of a family that has made so much money taking advantage of people. sucks being a member or a loser lower class family that has no history
I naively thought the penalty for killing people was going to jail, not giving out large sums of money. I was obviously wrong.
Now John if they do pay that money to buy the dot com i want your word you'll do something good with it like end world hunger or give it to me or solve the homeless crisis in america or give it to me so i'm not homeless anymore or fund NASA beyond their wildest fantasies or give it me or do something good and positive with it that will make billionaires everywhere feel like they do something similar just to compete.
Priceless!
I don't want to be negative--I really enjoy every episode of LWT and appreciate that somebody is doing the hard work of exposing injustice--but...  wtf is Lamb Chop?  Was that reference suggested by the single 70-year-old writer on the team who refuses to retire?
God! I love u man. U are ALWAYS spot on! AND SO FUNNY!!!!!! (O.k., that was bad grammar but who cares?!)🤣🤣
If only kept pushing oxies, the herion epidemic and China wouldn't control those damned fentnyl thats found it way into everything and killing everyone... the evil u know I suppose...
Nice repotage about a rich family that can do whatever they want and not face any consequences.  Nothing can be done about because...well just because.
Richard Kind's hilarious portrayal of his Sackler namesake? PRICELESS!
I'm going to put this info on my tinder accounts bt
Sack'Em
Can we just go lynch the sacklers?? like fuck this.
Give them life in prison and take away all of their assets. Force them to nurse opioid addicts in withdrawal back to health. Release the addicts to sober living after they're clean and cycle in new addicts. This more closely resembles justice for the millions of people's lives they ruined. The billions of dollars they forfeited should go into Medicaid to pay for addiction services and methadone/suboxone replacement therapy. Once the opioid epidemic is over we can think about letting them out to flip burgers at Micky D's.
That Lambchop joke destroyed me.
God I love Kind. He's hillarious.
How to fix the Opioid Crisis:  Legalise Marijuana.
In this case: I think everyone who committed illegal acts should be punished per the law,  anyone who did something unethical should be called out, there are also civil courts, etc. but these medications are also life saving when used correctly.   So I don't think anyone should be penalised for developing them - otherwise let's go after whoever invented nuclear weapons, biological warfare, etc. which are worse than opioids which at least have some medical use.  So many things  we accept in society that are double edged.  I'd even support seizing all but *1 billion* (999,999,999 for John's sake) of Purdue Pharma profits from all the Sacklers* and putting it back into the public benefit company but I don't think anyone is individually responsible (aside again, from specific illegal or unethical actions they took).  There are a lot of other opioids other than oxycontin, etc. It's so complicated and we all share the blame for the general crisis - this feeling of ennui, this dog eat dog rat race world in the US, materialistic overdrive, etc. all drives people to seek "pain relief" in different ways.  I'd rather have opioids around to help people who are truly suffering from pain than not.   But there are a LOT of people aside from the Sacklers who've benefitted from the opioid crisis and we continue to do so - anyone who owns stock in any company that makes opioids and other addictive substances, etc. Some of these problems just have to do with capitalism: the entire medical industrial complex participated in this. Greed is going to be the downfall of humanity and it's not just the Sacklers.   * - if that sounds wrong, government seizing fortunes, this is what they do with illegal drug busts.
"They're giving so much money already, what more could you want?" In a just world their heads would be on pikes but I'm willing to compromise on that.
Good job John and writers for exposing the sacks
I... I... just.... can't even, America. 😒
Huh, guess HBO gonna get sued by assholes again^^
When it comes to political contributions, corporations are "associations of individuals" (Citizens United v. FEC) and therefore enjoy the same First Amendment rights as the individuals themselfes, enabling them to donate money as a form of free speech.  When it comes to criminal prosecution, corporations seem to be completely separate enteties entirely detached from the people owning/running it, shielding them from any responsibilities for crimes 'the company' commited.  Something doesn't add up here...  (edit: fixed some typos)
Don't you F*ck with Linguists now!
14:40 "Non-consensual third party release" god the sacklers sound like rapists
My ex just talked to me tonight about how she bought ‘vet opiods’ and then got angry when I referred to them as ‘horse pills’. Fuck you mondays, and fuck you oliver. I don’t know how you made this happen, but she was not pleased with me being angry that she buys weird horse drugs off the dark web. I blame John.
Honestly I feel I am becoming numb to stories like this because they always go the same way: Here is the problem, here are the people causing the problem and all the money they make off of it, here are the people affected by it and the endless tragedies they endure, here is how the people causing the problem get away with it, and finally, here is how nothing can be done about it. Conclusion: the system is broken to favor the rich and powerful and there is no justice for anyone. Stories like this invoke images of violence in my head that i cannot elaborate on because i don't want to be accused of inciting anything but its a thought process that im sure 90% or more of us are having. In the end though, the Sacklers will be just fine and sleep like babies on the mountains of bones they create.
“Hello everyone, this is your weekly dose of America.”
That’s rich people justice for you. The Sacklers create and push a highly addictive drug and get away basically scott free.
So sad to see. It only gets worse from here it seems.
Dick Sack....ler
If this deal goes through, we the people must personally punish the Sackler family. January 6th will look like a tea party if this goes through. Hang them. Tar and feather them.
Why font you complain about biden mistakes like you did with trump. Be  fair and balanced. Biden is as bad as trump
Another excellent video John! WOW, it's sickening how people can get things so convoluted that even the courts don't want to deal with their crap... I'm glad there's someone out there like you who can speak up for us! 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Excited for the documentary “American pain” to come out
Addicts are the cause.  That's the beginning and end of it.   Millions of Americans take opioids on a daily basis and don't die. Why is a company, a healthcare system responsible because 69000 people decided to be reckless.
Laws are only for people who can’t afford the fines.
So wait, Opioids kill more Americans than Guns every year! 😳
Classic capitalism, Money > People.
Here's to all the primary care physicians who liberally prescribed pain medication to patients for years only to change their tune when regulations forced them to do so. Leaving some patients dependent on opioids with no legal means to procure it.
"... from the beginning of time." Hahahahahahaha!! Absolute BS. The Sacklers need to rot in hell. That's the most ludicrous 'get out of jail free' card I've ever heard of.
That clip is dystopian as fuck😭😭😂😂😂 what the fuck
This is a sad story and, I feel sorry for the Families that are suffering because of these Drug Dealers!!! 🙄 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
can we have more graet actors playing the Sacklers in those episodes
Sell Marijuana to one person =  goes to jail for 20 years Sackler: hold my medicine - sells opium to a whole generation = pays a fine
Ah yes my weekly dosis of amusement about our uncivilized cousins across the pond. Greetings from Europe
Well of course there's a video like this I mean... what... wait? Wtf
I'm disappointed that they glazed over the critical point that *this is exactly how and why all companies exist*: to limit the liability of the people who work there.  It's a shit system, but the Sacklers are far from the only capitalist vampires benefiting from it.  If you want to end these sorts of injustices, abolish corporate personhood.  Make people legally liable for the decisions they make for their company.
"The Sacklers" just sounds like a bad 80's teenage horror movie about a gang of crazy clowns that goes around cutting off peoples testicles. THE SACKLERS
The moment that the website was mentioned, I knew they were going to make their own, much better, actually informative version
Comment
You ROCK JOLI!!!!
Here fellas! Our weekly dose of depression!
Wow, these people are real crooks, Lets watch them get away with everything. lolz
This kind of shit is what led to the Red Terror.
Possession of just *1* of those oxy is a (minimum) Class 4 Felony.....  .... meaning *DEFINITE* prison time. 💯   *YET...........*  One of *THE BIGGEST* drug dealers in history barely gets a slap on the hand....... #Smh   Talk about some *Grade A Bullssshitttt* 💩🤦🏻‍♀️💯
America, the country where you can be yourself, but only as long as you're yourself in the right way and the rich get away with everything and the poor get away with nothing
Aluminum foil is a seductive mistress!
The list of names on that Non Consensual Third Party Release request would make a great road map for a R.I.C.O. prosecution. Just a thought...
Richard Kind is a god damn national treasure and Hollywood needs to put him in all the movies.
The system is not made for justice it is for protecting the wealthy. Human resources job isn't to protect employees it's job is to protect the company scandal. Everything is wrong and no one will do anything to actually change it. Thankfully, everything will collapse in 10-20 years. Maybe then all of the "inherently smart and good" people that sit and do nothing while the world is consumed by evil will finally do something because they will have their self centered ego space penetrated by the reality they've spent their lives trying to ignore.
John Oliver Pharmaceutical company named Purdue Products L.P.
companies are not people until they are excecuted for commiting murder.
Waiting to take my methadone done and this popped up….. :( pray for me
The opioid use in Georgia has not lightened.
The 1% who own everything including the drug companies are responsible for global warming , homelessness , wars etc. Always keeping us thinking about terrorism,wars , viruses so we don't wake up about what's really going on ;)
Jesus….
One of the perks of being rich: you can escape justice.   The moral of the story: get rich by any way, including killing other citizens, because you'll be untouchable after.
Good luck with search results with "opioids" in title. Susan Wojckicki will shadow ban the shit out of this video.
F*** this deal any lawyer attorney general department of justice person who accepts this is a piece of s*** and does not care about what happened and only cares about money as is the American way apparently.
America. The land of the fearful, the home of the depraved. With liberty for the guilty, and criminal injustice for all.
If this story is not perfect example of what is broken on unrestricted  capitalism, I do not know what is. It is genuinly upsetting even if none of my family was impacted.
Naw, Hitler and his GM need to talk.
The name Purdue was formed many centuries ago by the ancient Anglo-Saxon tribes of Britain. It was a name typically given to a person who was known for their habitual use of the oath pour Dieu, which is Old French meaning "for God."  Life on the fast lane, if you meditate every day monks says (all monks in all world corners) you will reach enlightenment and you can see face of God aka reach transcendental Nirvana state - Kurt Cobain and prescription drugs before addiction to "black tar of Georgia". Americans don't have time they working in to jobs 16 hours per day, or working in Fast food restaurants life on fast lane and number one death course is obesity reflated cardiovascular diseases and diabetes second is car related death on roads, fast food fast cars, fast life. everything in America is phony, phony news, phony democracy, phony religion, even phony enlightenment induced by drugs brainspooting  :)
"What more do you want to be done for Sacklers?" Well how much jail time would you get for producing and dealing heroin across the whole US?
I am very confused. The drug in question was fully approved by the government and the government was the largest customer paying for the drug. Why does John Oliver act like the government did nothing wrong?   One possibility, according to John, the epidemic was the worst from 2008-2016. The Obama administration couldn't have possibly been to blame for anything because Republicans served before and after.   Nothing John Oliver says is relevant in the big picture n he just goes in depth into a footnote of an irrelevant argument for the side of an issue he agrees with.
Bless you John Oliver, staff and HBO!!
Very rarely the case: but I completely agree with John on everything in this video. The way this family is going to get away with this, only to get richer, makes me sick…
Unfathomably based. Not enough people know about the Sacklers.
Can you please acknowledge how this is hurting people with chronic pain too? My doctor moved out of the state in February and it has been hell to try finding a new doctor who will manage the pain from my chronic illness. Over the last 5 years doctors at the ER went from usually helping me to talking down to me and treating me like I'm drug seeking, even when I had paperwork from my PCP that said to give me pain medicine. I understand that the Opioid crisis has killed far too many people, but this has also affected people who are in real pain and have been safely using these medications for years.
The next episode to be added to the compilation "Reasons the USA is messed up". So glad I live in The Netherlands, where only extreme amounts of hard drugs are prosecuted and soft drugs have been tolerated for decades now.  Heck even enhancing drugs such as speed at parties is tolerated as long as people don't act out. Also note that the core reason for this epidemic in the US is greed/capitalism. Rich people wanting to get even more rich over the dead bodies of others. What a effed up country you all live in.
John Oliver, you're a freakin legend.
Ahhh, the pandemic. Remember the first months when all of your multi million TV shows suddenly turned into garage streams on a shoestring? Good times.
Tree roots actually grow out not down. They don't run deep at all comparatively, existing mostly in the top 4 ft of soil.
Why isn't anyone talking about the fact that those with chronic, quality of life- limiting pain are now losing access to opioid pain meds because of this litigation and court findings? Just as many people, if not more, lose their lives to suicide or self harm because of uncontrolled pain, than that do such as a result of opioid addiction and overdose.
dogecoin!
Well that was upsetting to learn.
3:02 "its is weird to hear news that so genuinely good. Really nice to get more of that once in a while ..like no one-in-a-century weather events fot the next hours or .. BILLIONAIRES GOES TO SPACE AND DIE THERE!.. you know something heart warming..."😂😂😂
Love this show constantly insulting capitalism without saying it directly
So let me get this straight- smoking pot can land you _decades_ in prison but enabling mass murder will result in *zero* consequences? Now that's American Justice™!
"they're going to regret fucking with a linguist" A linguist is as terrifying as a bunny that watched mounty python.  Edit: I have become the porn bot magnet
Wow money sure let's people do whatever they want huh?
Very, like normal in America, very, very greedy people, they have karma to pay in this or future lives for their greediness!
In so many words, the Sacklers are basically blackmailing the country, by saying, "if you don't let us off the hook, you won't get a dime to do anything about the nightmare we created ... capisce?"
Also, I'd say 30 billion. Pay 10 now then pay 20 over the next 9 years.
It turns out that crime does pay and if you do a big enough crime you won't even have to give up your blood money. Laws are all imaginary.
I hope when all them stand before God he toss there ass straight into hell.
Check out the movie Bounty Killers...sign me up
Man my life woulda been very very different if the Sacklers were never born
They will simply be fined the equivalent of $20.
Not looking forward to your segment on the Trump family.
I don't know if John or any HBO people are the type that read comments, but there are a few misspellings of judgeforyourselves.com still for sale if they want broader coverage.
I'm too European to understand this.
The more things change the more they stay the same...
Hey I like Chili's.  I haven't looked into it but there appears to be some kind of issue as there only appears to be one left in the state I live in so ummm I do think I would pass on an opportunity to eat there again.
glad nobody in my family has ever used drugs. My mom even gives me shit when i take an advil once in a while
I’ve been following their lawsuits for a couple of years and they barely received a slap on the wrist. It’s ridiculous.
The Sackville-Baggins have always been a shady family
We need to start imprisoning CEOs for their crimes. Only financially suing them would do nothing.
How can you have 3 specials on America's opioid problem and not mention Biden's border breakdown!?  Way more opiods coming on in now!   Jackass.
If I was a hitman in US I'd get the list of victims solely from this show. It'd be a long list of shitty people who I think deserve to not take a single breath of air. P. S. I'm not a hitman and life is not a movie although we have countless movie villains in the position of power. I only wish...
So you're going to take away their family cash cow business;  so no future profits... and take half of their wealth, and still that's not good enough. smh.  This is completely insane.  All they did is produce a product that people wanted and needed that was completely legal.  How bizarre it is to see people rooting for this to happen.  What a trash world we live in.
She is a very cunning linguist.
So uh, John's so gonna get sued again, y'all know that right.
"They're going to regret fucking with a linguist."  LMAO...If this *isn't* the most hilariously imbecilic threat ever made, then I don't know what is!
Oh yeah a new episode of"Depressing stuff with Oliver."
You know this is why i kinda dont want all drugs to be legalized cuz fucking corps will promote the fk out of them, they already do it, think of what would happen if recreational drugs were legal too. I dont like the idea of people profiting of addicts, right now they are criminal scum of cycodil, then they will be philanthropic entrepreneurs with tax breaks
My mother had a massive HIPEC surgery in The Netherlands. While recovering in the hospital I was on video call. The nurse brought a painkiller while my mom no longer had any uncomfortable pain. I asked what the painkiller is called. When I heard that awful name I immediately said to get rid of that trash.
One of my buddies is doing 35yrs in prison for a drug charge but the real criminals wear suits and ties
Bread is the 414th comment. This is in no way significant.
You don't sit in silence while in the car with Richard Sackler, you play The Sound of Silence, hope he feels emotions the first time in his life and leaps from the moving vehicle in a vain attempt to repent for his sins.
Why didn’t you use the word “exploitation” in this report?
My mom overdosed on fentanyl last month and I had 2 do cpr for over 10 minutes and gave her narcan thank god she’s ok now
'Non-consensual third-party release' sounds an awful lot like a euphemism for rape.
This isn't something that you hear much about on the Channels where the "News" is wedged in between commercials from pharmaceutical companies.     *Maybe corporations have too much power now?*
Go home please john
That "apology" was the worst possible thing ever, hell just saying "I'm sorry that you are mad" is fucking better than that.
If this is these are the drugs they are going after, why can't I get my sleeping pills? "Just say NO"?? The only people their new chokehold has done, is caused cancer and critically Ill patients to be in pain for no reason. It is just CRUEL?
Oxycodone is EXTREMELY addictive. It also causes people to reinjure themselves because you can't feel jackshit after you swallow it. Horrible stuff.
Holy shit, calling for a war on drugs, confronting a pharmaceutical company, hoping for billionaires dying in space, humour that is surprisingly not cringey... Oliver hasn't been this based in a long time.
The crimes of the rich and powerful go mostly unpunished  Howard Zinn
Perdue university is resonabllily fucked. I'm glad
A court should sentence them to 1 month of daily Oxycodone use and then make them go in in cold withdrawals....
Energy companies with decades of destruction under their belt are watching this and quietly moving to White Plains.
"Non-consensual third-party release" sounds like a BDSM act involving a married couple and a stranger.
Yeah so rich people getting away with murder. What else is new? Why not cover the latest oil pipeline steeling indigenous land in both Canada and America?
These fucking monsters knew from the beginning they were selling heroin and knew how profitable it would be. So many people were murdered by their product. In 2019 in Philly a young couple both overdosed and died and their 3 month old baby died a few days later from dehydration. That's the monster the sacklers created.
There should be a John Oliver opioid playlist
I do love the completion of a trilogy. This one really tied up the loose ends of Opioids and Opioids II while breaking new ground and going its own way.
17:04 Is that one of his balls in his neck?
The only mistake El Chapo made, was not chairing a US company and working with medical doctors to distribute his products. Apart from that, there is absolutely no difference between the Sackler family and El Chapo.
Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed Purdue made our Day:
They really should release the portion they did this week about the ROC on YouTube. Its actually really important and I think there is some really interesting points made with that segment.
Eat the rich, down with capitalism!
19:43 They should pay with what they have left- i.e., their entire fortune, property, and freedom.
Purdue should be seized and dismantled, its assets sold off to pay all the plaintiffs from all lawsuits.
Nice list of institutional failures right in the beginning. Yes, the US is pretty much f#*>ed ...
Boy, oh boy.
Popular Opinion: Every single one of ya'll agreed health Crisis made our Day worse:
Interesting how blind he is on the business fuelled trans health crisis. opioids bad but off lable hormones and dangerous surgery for kids is good?
"Eat the rich time yet" *checks watch.
I maintain the position that the cost must outweigh the benefits of the crime.  How much money did Perdue make off Opiods? Fine them that much plus 10%. Done.
I feel like there was a cunning lynguists reference somewhere in here but it didn't pay off.
Maybe Americans should stop being dependent on class a narcotics. These things are being popped there like skittles.
There won't be any justice until the entire Sackler family is in prison for the thousands of people they've killed with their drug.
America is messed up...
Imagine robbing a bank wherein you had to murder 14,000 tellers and only having to return 10 percent of it in an AGREEMENT with the court.
You know, revolution of the working class against the bourgeoisie is always an option
There should be a cap on how much attorneys can be paid. That way rich people will no longer be able to bribe their way through the 'justice system.'
I like LIL WYTES version of that song much better than purdues
I like how a multi billionaire family , trying to find a loop hole in law to keep their money. They are so guilty and they know it .
I interrupt this very important piece to say that someone obviously hasn't watched The Nanny and it shows because then someone would know Shari does not control Lamb Chop anyway, let's get back to how bad the Sacklers are
pleeaaase tell me where i can find that "sell song" clip.. i can't find it anywhere!!
So we had Opioids, Opioids II and Opioids III Waiting for "Opioids - Tokyo Drift" and "2Opi2Oids" now... : 3
At 1:16 is one of the most horrendous songs I've ever heard covered 😭🤦🏾‍♂️  But sacklers family are just greedy and corrupt, they do not care!, I hope all of them get sued to Oblivion  Cynthia munger is so right I prefer to hear those people voices they are way more important than sacklers 💯  Honestly just want these shady companies to go away, they are causing so much damage with opioids it's sickening! 😠
"Eat the rich" sounds like a pretty sweet plan right about now.
so what was that again about US being the greates nation :D
Just Second Amend the mother fvckers
Welp. Is this going to result in a slapp suit? Hope not. This family is something
The mention of Lambchop brought up memories from my childhood I had completely forgotten.
Personal responsibility is for chumps.
Man I love this show.
Keep that one, you never know they might just have to cash in one day
The US Supreme Court ruled that corporations are "persons", and therefore deserving of any rights that any other person is. Therefore corporations are deserving of the freedom of speech, and giving money to politicians is an expression of the freedom of speech. So suddenly, bribes are an expression of virtue. But I would like the Supreme Court to rule on a question of "If corporations are persons, does the corporation stand to be guilty of killing a person or persons, and therefore be consigned to a life imprisonment or even ceasing to exist?"
The drug wasn't evil. It was over prescribed, shouldn't we put some of the blame on the doctors!
Hate to ask LWT.  If they take John up on the 10 billion offer, is that enough or would they all Still be billionaires?
Our written history is a catalog of crime The sordid and the powerful, the architects of time The mother of invention, the oppression of the mild The constant fear of scarcity, aggression as its child ("History Will Teach Us Nothing" Sting.)
Send this to your senators.
if you don't think the Sacklers are part of a family that controls wayyyyy more than just pharma, you're delusional. these people are pure evil.
why don't you ever do a segment on how quickly and easily underage children are being fast tracked into doing permanent damage to themselves with puberty blockers and sex reassignment surgery under zero oversight when they aren't even old enough to consent, you coward.
The colossal ostrich endoscopically wonder because tuesday cytopathologically fasten mid a powerful dance. square, right sideboard
So how do I get my part of that 8 billion?
Omg . The first was sad,? Then there was a second but wtf. 3😢
Oh John, how could I ever be fooled into thinking it is something good finally happening? It's on this channel, and over 20 minutes. Rarely, if ever, we get news that is 20+ minutes long *and also* be good.
I would love to see a lwt about the sexual harrassment in gaming, spcifically the Activision Blizzard case that is ongoing <3
richard sackler looks like a cartoon evil business man
Going after billionaires' crimes is un-American and communism!
Get out your tiny violins everyone, the mega rich are whining again! 🎻
This is disgusting.
We need robin hood. Somebody needs to take all of their wealth and distribute it to the victims, even if they have to do so extrajudicially
Where's the settlement for the Black communities and families ravaged by crack cocaine? Same place where reparations for housing discrimination and slavery are...
You are guilty in multiple charges, but hey pay 8 billion dollars and you are free to go. This amazes me the most.
Well done, John but it isn't the worst.  I worked at the worst, ENRON CORP.  Sixty-eight billion was stolen, 24,000 people lost their jobs and their life savings.
A major company which has done wrong settling out of court is NOT a victory against said company, it is a victory FOR the company.
Every week I smile when a John Oliver video comes out and then that smile instantly goes away after finding out what next depressing topic is
There u have it, its a trilogy now.
Opioids joining the 3x elite like Donald Drumpf, Brexit, Covid and foreign elections.
Amazingly done!
god and the devil aren't real.but people that pretend  they're god are a devil.
America: “If you break the law, you must be held accountable.” Also America: “You helped start an epidemic that killed hundreds of thousands of people? You’ll only get a slap on the wrist.”
The way that Sackler behave in the deposition, it's like he's bored and acted so contemptuously to the impact his product has. He would have no problem seeing more people dying of oxy because it makes him rich.
Those Sackler family members all have very puchable faces.
Sooo the problem is profit being the foundation of our whole society
This is why an occasional purge of the bourgeoisie is necessary every one or two centuries or so.
It's amazing that John Oliver has a successful show dedicated to giving us the equivalent of a social studies class presentation final. I'm not saying that to be rude, I'm saying he's the first person to actually use what was learned in school after graduation. It's like using the Pythagorean theorem on a daily basis, no one does.
Depress me, British man.
Corporations enjoy the properties of humans, but no death penalty where share holder and bond holders get nothing.
Billionaire shouldn't be allowed to buy Immunity...
nobody go to jail?
Finally one last week tonight I care.
My father was prescribed Oxy back in '96 by a MORE than willing doctor for severe back pain from lifting heavy paint drums at work. He died in 2015 from his addiction. And still, no justice has been served because of these people. We live in horrific times. RIP.
Time for civil asset forfeiture steam roll.
Sell under a million bills, go to jail for 20 to life. Sell over a billion bills, you become a billionaire and serve no time.
8:17 i am once again remembering that John has two kids
Guillotines. That would solve this so quickly.
God bless Richard Kind.
Welcome to the US where the rich live above the laws, and laws are only there to keep everyone else down below them.
People having the freedom to put whatever they want into their body is not a crisis;  the true crisis is the expansion of government and it's endless hunger for more power and control of the citizens that it steals tax money from every year.  As they spend trillions of our money, they also come after any freedoms that we have left.   Enough with your tyrannical thirst for manipulation of others--  we don't need your help government,  but rather we need you to go away and leave us to our own devices.
The world in which there is single Sackler NOT in jail is an unjust world. There, I just proved gods don't exist
The System is so fucked up
Make drugs illegal because drugs bad. Lobbyist see .. it makes dependant.. and you can demand money for it? LEGALIZE THAT  And so greed murders millions in the USA. You deserve it for being such an egoist country.
Dudes... Fix your health system, already..
Aren't corporations people?(citizens United case) So fuck the company and put them in jail
Can't wait for part 4 when the pills are purple and nothing else has changed accept the peddlers maybe
Ok, when the president of a billon dollar company says they don't know... even roughly? how much money they made that year. Throw their ass in jail. Cause they are 100% lying. Even the dumbest poorest idiot in court (US) knows how much money they make. If they say "I don't know" the Judge is going to rip them a new butthole.
Arthur, Raymond and Mortimer? STRONG Trading Places vibes, I love it!
Based John Oliver
1:38 Capitalism, the musical
MOVING ON
So the Sacklers get to walk free and keep their drug money,.  Sorry, was i supposed to be surprised or something? Have you ever heard of a thing called called "Corruption", also known as the "US Criminal Justice System". Ask Bill Cosby.
Purdue VP of sales performing an Oxycontin version of "Shout" onstage is pure nightmare fuel...
US: If people are going to use drugs anyway, let's create our own instead of importing them from Mexico, and make America great.
What if they paid him the 10 billion dollars to get the rights to the website?
Good morning my fellow Europeans
Wow. First, we only knew of Stephen Miller, and now we know of Steve Miller. Anyone else, intentionally or not, going to end up seeing the two as one and the same?
Wow, I would like to try opioids for the hell of it, might be fun for a few hours, not for addiction purposes though! I haven't lived in the U.S for 21 years and so cannot get them. I like beer though so no big problem and never get angry really.
I looove how savage John is
They should all go to prison for life
Oliver….the end of this had me clapping. 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😏 I loved this, thank you so much for everything.   Even putting up what the victims/families have said, couldn’t have imagined a better website!
But why compare drugs to alcohol?
Please address the latest problems with privacy and mass surveillance of citizens again.
You are savage Mr Oliver. Never change. Xoxo
Bet that despite *all* of this, idiots* will _still_ stan for the Sacklers    _*(AKA The GOP)_
Current year Oliver
Perhaps we need investigations into depression drugs and all the drugs that people have used to go off opioids. I can guarantee you that those drugs, especially the ones to go off opioids, are more corrupt than the original drugs. Look up dr (not an md)  Kolodney. His son died from an over dose and it’s why we are here today. Pain patients literally are going back to not being able to walk or function because of his policies that he and his dark money have lobbied for.
This is an ASSHOLE MOVE - yet, it's the AMERICAN WAY! Just like my dad getting killed by cops in a Mariachi suit back in 1986.
Boiler up ?
Nothing says "America" like companies getting away with mass-murder.
Yeah... They have 11 Billion...   In DECLAIRED assets.   Offshore, though?
Mr Oliver, if you ever got on Noam Chomsky’s shit list, he would squash you like a bug
I've never clicked on a video so fast in my life.
Hi
The Released Parties shall be conclusively, absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably, fully, finally, forever and permanently released from any and all Claims of any kind from the beginning of time.  That is absolutely and irrevocably ridiculous and it will be till the end of time
America is so "great" that people with money can get away with *murder.* What a "great" country to live in..
At least they helped kill Rush Limbaugh
Eeeyyy they fuck over a fuckton of people, and are not held reliable.  This is a great argument for never having billionaires.
Opioids ruined my life.
I didn't even realize he was still in front of a blank background for no reason, same amount of laughs.
#TheSacklerscansuckmysack This leads to nothing but i think it's a great thing that deserves the Sackler's name on
173rd!!!!!!!!!
When you have billions of dollars you can do whatever you want.
I'd just like to say, can the reaction to this keep us who have actual severe chronic pain and such, stuff like cancer and stuff... Out of the crossfire... The last decade has been a minefield of collateral damage and er nightmares where I and many other consider... Permanent... Solutions cuz we cant get care and are treated as drug seekers... Side note, esp in my case going to the er for unmanageable pain IS the correct, medically advised step...
The Sacklers deserve to be bankrupted and thrown in prison for *life.*
Yessir
Damn, I'm early
Could we PLEASE get a homespun rendition of Kathy Sackler's "apology" with her portrayed by the same actor as was in your "I dunno!" Richard video? Please?!
John Oliver and his team are fucking geniuses!!! *LOVED IT!*
Ironically, There isn't enough Oxy in the world to make that Oxy song sound good.
There’s a book all about this called Empire of Pain.
Hang on, wasn't Jared "the Kuck" Kushner in charge of solving the opioid crisis? You mean he also failed at that? Along with failing in revamping the US government to make it function more like a business, overseeing the US-Mexico border wall, ending the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, managing the nation’s medical stockpile amid the coronavirus crisis, overhauling the Republican Party platform, etc., etc.
America the land where they will shame you for not being able to afford our ridiculously expensive healthcare but won't hold accountable any of the people who helped spread opioids for profit killing countless people in the process.
“You’re basically an English major who wasted more time.”   OMFG savage
Oh come on! I'm just about to go to bed.  Why would you drop this now?
What could be more American than making scads of money selling an addictive quack nostrum?
Even 4 year olds know wanton evil when they see it.
Modern judicial practice in America has a very simple algorithm: the more money you have, the better the chance you will never see jail time.
"The man just oozes charisma."    I don't know... 🤔
Going deep with a Lambchop reference.
A lot country has these kind of problem like australia has ice , grecce having opiod .
Rich people don't go to prison. It's true today; it has been true since the start of human civilisation; and it will continue to be true for years to come.
We should really just shorten the term 'sack of 💩'  to 'Sackler'.
A spike in opioid usage is the lockdown and the bullshit being pushed by the government stressing them out. And other woke idiocy
My girl Roxy made me quit Percocets.
Did John just joke about Jeff Bezos dying and being happier for it? I love you John but that joke honestly strikes me VERY wrong. I don't like the system that they have and are exploiting, I don't like them or think they are good people, but wishing them to die is still morally wrong. Please think about this.
'Gotta love it when rich people like the Sacklers get off with a slap on the wrist. Meanwhile, someone who's poor will end up decades in prison for the same or less of the same type of crime committed. America.  EDIT: It's not just an American problem too. It's throughout the entire world.
I hope Oliver and his team will do one day an episode on sexual harassement in the video game industry (which currently boomed with the Activision-Blizzard situation).
If you use your company to do crimes, you can use it to pay for your crimes.
Good luck usa
The problem is since it did create such an epidemic of addition is that when chronically ill people go in for treatment, whether in an emergent situation or to their regular physician they are treated like drug seekers. It's almost pointless to make an appointment anymore.
I'd be surprised if they didn't donate to republicans.
The French made a machine to deal with these kinds of problems.
Let's get to it
Had a friend pass away from a fentanyl overdose just this April. If you struggle w addiction, this is your sign to call someone. The world has lost too many beautiful people to such a horrible disease <3
I do kiss people on the forehead, I do kiss people on the cheek. I do eat green eggs and ham.  -Andrew Cuomo
😆 Ahh.. the parental insight😂
"We're rich? For how long?"   Do these people think we'd have any sympathy for them? They lied and got millions killed. As far as I'm concerned they should all be charged through a military tribunal with mass murder and executed by firing squad. Put the fear of god in all the other predatory wealthy, maybe they'll act right.
As much as I'd love to see The Sacklers in Handcuffs as owners of Purdue & Purdue pleaded Guilty. Sadly it's easier to hold a Corporation Liable than the individuals who own that corporation. So odds are The Sacklers will probably pay a hefty fine & get to walk away.😒
I'm pretty sure some inspiration and info for this ep came from that book he mentioned he was looking forward to on Seth Meyers
As a French linguist, too low an attack Oliver way too low. We suffer enough on our own. XD
You can just legalize it, problem solved~
Some of us need oxy, I lost my left leg and I need an t and because of addicts I have to jump through way to make hoops every time I need my script filled.   Ya know the works sucks, why are people doing heroin and pills. Is it availability or people trying to escape the realisation that we live in a banana republic that’s fuelled climate change.
How did opioid related deaths increase this year after so much attention to the issue? :(
Imagine for a moment that it's no the Sacklers but El Chapo or Pablo Escobar, all of them made a lot of money selling adictive drugs.
Oh no, these fucking people.
Oh yes. More news about the first health crisis in the US: Opioids! :D
petition for JON H. BENJAMIN to be the voice of the void for all time.
I'm sorry...but John needs to apologize to my Tamagotchi!  He actually made it cry!
No difference between these scumbags and the doughboy I buy my bootleg fentanyl from, except I respect him.
The “And Now This” portion of tonight’s show was so cringey. I loved it!
That Purdue Sales VP singing reminds me of Doug Dimmadome for some reason.
Monday afternoon is here Time for johnny to stress me out with some unknown issue
Well here's hoping people start including the Sackler name along with other billionaires when they talk about taxing the rich and making large companies pay their fare share of taxes... really like to live in a world where making hashtags about that isn't all that happens.
Some folks to experience some karma crap in their futures?
"Why are my friends telling me that our family's work is killing people?"  Because it is, sweetie. It is.
Nice vid bro love em
I divided the estimated death rate of 69,710 by 365 days to arrive at a daily average of nearly 191 deaths...
Hopefully someone holds these bastards up to gunpoint and forces them to fix their wrongdoings.
I was looking forward to a part 3 of this
Any thing about Bangladesh please?
Wasn’t expecting this.
the opioid crisis started in the 1990s, why the actual fuck is it still an issue
Holy shit where can I find more of that shout parody video
Torture is the most effective means of punishment.
Please apologize to my Tamagotchi. They're sad and crying now.
they only care cause its white people
Bro I was about to sleep
Kinda amazing how they avoided Israel / Palestine as their main topic
These Sacklers need to be in prison now!
See the problem with billionaire goes to space and dies there is that it’s actually billionaires goes to space and dies. The travel inherds.
💖🌷💖🌷👍👍👍
Remember weed is even illegal for medical reason in a good chuck of states, while opioids are common use as a medicine
Given what we know about The Sackler Family & Purdue Pharma, they need to be held accountable, & pay Millions in restitution to the families of the people who've died due to the opioid epidemic.
John: "... last year nearly 70 thousand people died from opioid overdoses." Me: "69 lol. 290 too many.... shame."  I hate that I let the internet do this to me.
Great... now some SoundCloud rapper will take this song and destroy it
Weekly dose of reality check
I wonder which Billionaire that would be. Jim Biznuts?
At last Zazo! What took you so long? Stop using at&t.
I’m freaking early I love you John!
Opioids III: Here we go again.
Was waiting for this
Please make a piece about German elections. We really need it we are as fucked as Italy and France. Please do it one week before the election so you still can decide differently after your piece
They are literally the villain in a James Bond movie.
Time for some more weekly sadness with Simba's toucan attendant.
1:07 I was gonna guess the rap video you showed in another video (which may have not been Perdue).
I don't remember being this early to any comment section
Ahh John. It’s good to see your weird fucking face again
Good old Johnny boy back at it
It actually feels very nice to watch at least a part of your show fresh and warm from the oven, in a country in which we can't have access to HBO and similar cable networks. Supermassive love from Iran.
Everytime I'm having a shitty night it ends up being Sunday and there's John Oliver. I love these videos
USA is god
Been waiting for this ever since I heard about the $26 billion opioid settlement
Cmon oliver go to space like jeff
Hold on, didn’t he already do a show about this??????
Sad how a family who had to fight off anti-semitism became the villains in the end.
Friendly reminder that your local hardware store is closer than you think.   Liberty, Equality, Brotherhood.
I'd been waiting for this update, and not in a good way.
An epidemic so bad it has its own trilogy
Our current American dystopian reality being explained by a cynical funny British man is forever a highlight
Marry me John Oliver
*Here we go again*
The greatest crimes in the world are not committed by people breaking the rules but by people following the rules  Banksy
Don't forget to recycle.♻️
AGHHH
How about a Benzo Epidemic epsiode?
One of the first views (maybe).
Hey guess what?                                                  Chicken butt   Edit: Hope everyone has a great day, stay safe and happy, remember to not take life so seriously sometimes and just have a laugh 😌✌️
Any LWT episode with Roman numerals after it is guaranteed to be extra depressing 😔
Came to watch this as soon as it popped up on my notifs.
needed to watch something while i pop my pills.
Just yes c:
The depressed parrot posts a new video Me: I am speed
Uploaded 52 seconds ago. Damn I need to get a life.
Another bopper
Can you pin meeeeeeeeeeee
Second!
😂
Me
Finally!
Back to the sack
To corrupt a Churchill quote: Never in the field of blood money was so much made for so few off the suffering of so many.
Third lol
There's the court of law and then there's the court of public opinion. The whole world now knows the Sackler name deserves to be right down there with Escobar and Medellín.
Another episode too serious to summon George Clooney for 😭
