Read our latest community blog for more details about these visual upgrades: x.ea.com/68312
I like both, but there is (for some) a difference between improvement and modernisation.
They just putted Mass Effect 3 in other parts, and improved light...
Why make a comparison video that highlights how much better the original looks?
Do an update to add Arabic Language   We, as an Arab community, hope that.. you will do so
I played on PC with "alot of textures" mod and also one that make the lighting even better. It was awesome! For a first time playing this trilogy, it was great.
Cash grab
1:37 looking back at this, this shit is honestly hilarious... all that new tech, and the original *still* looks miles better!! Art direction > technology... change my mind...
I have no doubt that if mass effect was made like this years ago,it would have been the best game of all time.
It's a shame it's not at least subtitled in PT-BR
Jack Wall's Suicide Mission music will never be surpassed by any game score. Pity he was replaced by Clint Mansell who only had one memorable Mass Effect score. 😑
Overrated pussy franchise yikes
Wow old games back then where really obssessed with that bloom effect
they ruined the color and the lighting so badly
I take it this is released as a free upgrade to existing owners of the in-one trilogy collection?
Honestly, I feel the world of Mass Effect is unlike any other, the characters, sense of exploration, overall depth, it completely immersed me, love all the games, really excited for the next game, let’s go BioWare 👏👏👏👏😊
I love the graphics of the first ME. It lacks a bit of depth, but... unique atmosphere of the landscapes and the lighting were lost with this remaster. Im sad.
What I noticed by all these comparisons is that the original games had always better contrast, colors and atmosphere
Эд бун даёт вами кросовер marvel vs dc
If anybody can make and share a preset code for how FemShep looks between 1:40 and 1:47, that would be awesome!   Been trying to copy that look and I never can get quite there.
legendary trilogy
Eh, i prefer the lighting in some of the original areas.
so like….. I’ve been trying to find answers to this question and keep finding opposing answers each time- CANNN YOU OR CAN YOU NOT ROMANCE GARRUS AS A MALE SHEPARD IN THE LEGENDARY EDITION??? Or at least in mass effect three?? Pls I need a clear answer I keep hearing both yes and no.
This collection and the recent Dead Space remake has made me gain a tiny bit of faith in EA again. Hope they don't waste it as the Mass Effect trilogy and the first two Dead Spaces are some of my favorite games of all time.
I honestly had no idea. I played Legendary when it came out and loved it, but MAN! I had no idea the graphics were THAT different from the original versions
Has anyone worked with light and shadow in Mass Effect 1? ruined the whole atmosphere...
Wow
You see, this was a remaster done right
I'm so jealous of people who it's their first time playing this game
Much better than Andromeda. I walkthrough triology 17 times. And it was perfect. I download Andromeda, and deleted it after Eos....what a trash
This legendary save game I hope will carry onto the next ME fingers crossed
I wish they put the same amount of time and effect into a remastered version like the makers of the new Dead Space remake.
Wtf the original looks better
After all these years Its good to play all three games of Mass Effect. Now PRIME VIDEO SERIES FOR MASS EFFECT FOR FUTURE SEASONS
Thank the heavens above for this remaster. I've re-devoted my life to ME. They don't make games this good anymore--including BioWare.
Who like Mass Effect Legendary Edition on my channel there are many videos about the game including romances, funny moments
Just stayed in for the music.
0:20 The original looks better, in the remaster her face looks ugly.
You could do too much more than this
1:39 I find it hilarious that they showcase a breakdown of all the visual components of the remaster, yet the original still looks better.. Well, *if* they'd have bothered to show xbox 360 footage, which has the not broken lighting of the pc port...
MegaGood game. Excellent game.
Жаль я эту трилогию раз 15 прошел, уже не хочется что то
this is what you call remastered @ GTATRILOGY
Lmfao Liara looks exactly the same except you gave her tits 😆🤣 miranda & ashley got competition now
Now I must be a man and step up to the plate to admit I was wrong! I said some pretty horrible stuff to some of you about the first 3 ME games and Shepard, and now after finally playing through all three in the Legendary Edition I must confess that I love this game. I only criticized ME:L 1,2,and 3 because I kept seeing all the horrible flack my favorite game ME:A was getting from you ME:L 1,2,and 3 fans. I still love ME:A! And now I love ME:L 1,2,and 3. When I first tried to play ME:L 1 I didn’t like it because of the control system. Couldn’t move all over the place during battles with , as I do with Ryder. Now I’m getting use to the control and I’m loving it. Fem Shep is my favorite of the Sheps( so if anyone out there know how I can make my femshep look like the pretty black chick from Star Trek Discovery, send me codes lol) I’ve played ME:A Several times and have fun each time and will continue to play it. Now I can finally add ME:1,2,and 3 as my other favorite game. I Will be playing it as much as possible! Can’t wait for the next ME game and now I wouldn’t mind it being based of the original or andromeda I love the whole Mass Effect Universe! But I hope you guys stop criticizing ME:A, it is a fun game rather you agree with me not! I love it! That’s all that matters to me.
Now I must be a man and step up to the plate to admit I was wrong! I said some pretty horrible stuff to some of you about the first 3 ME games and Shepard, and now after finally playing through all three in the Legendary Edition I must confess that I love this game. I only criticized ME:L 1,2,and 3 because I kept seeing all the horrible flack my favorite game ME:A was getting from you ME:L 1,2,and 3 fans. I still love ME:A! And now I love ME:L 1,2,and 3. When I first tried to play ME:L 1 I didn’t like it because of the control system. Couldn’t move all over the place during battles with , as I do with Ryder. Now I’m getting use to the control and I’m loving it. Fem Shep is my favorite of the Sheps( so if anyone out there know how I can make my femshep look like the pretty black chick from Star Trek Discovery, send me codes lol) I’ve played ME:A Several times and have fun each time and will continue to play it. Now I can finally add ME:1,2,and 3 as my other favorite game. I Will be playing it as much as possible! Can’t wait for the next ME game and now I wouldn’t mind it being based of the original or andromeda I love the whole Mass Effect Universe! But I hope you guys stop criticizing ME:A, it is a fun game rather you agree with me not! I love it! That’s all that matters to me.
Now I must be a man and step up to the plate to admit I was wrong! I said some pretty horrible stuff to some of you about the first 3 ME games and Shepard, and now after finally playing through all three in the Legendary Edition I must confess that I love this game. I only criticized ME:L 1,2,and 3 because I kept seeing all the horrible flack my favorite game ME:A was getting from you ME:L 1,2,and 3 fans. I still love ME:A! And now I love ME:L 1,2,and 3. When I first tried to play ME:L 1 I didn’t like it because of the control system. Couldn’t move all over the place during battles with Shep, as I do with Ryder. Now I’m getting use to the control and I’m loving it. Fem Shep is my favorite of the Sheps( so if anyone out there know how I can make my femshep look like the pretty black chick from Star Trek Discovery, send me codes lol) I’ve played ME:A Several times and have fun each time and will continue to play it. Now I can finally add ME:1,2,and 3 as my other favorite game. I Will be playing it as much as possible! Can’t wait for the next ME game and now I wouldn’t mind it being based of the original or andromeda I love the whole Mass Effect Universe! But I hope you guys stop criticizing ME:A, it is a fun game rather you agree with me not! I love it! That’s all that matters to me.
This really is above and beyond, especially Mass Effect 1. I stopped noticing the improvements, because the remastering is so faithful to the original vision. Amazing work Bioware 😃!
How did the public fail to push back on this "beautification" process that completely wrecked all the dramatic and colored lighting in the game? Look at the comparisons!!!! The remaster looks absolutely terrible!!!!
Ended the gta trilogies career
There is no life without mass effect ❤️
Please add multi-player in mass effect legendary edition :)
2 & 3 were barely touched. You would think they would actually redo the entire franchise with top of the line graphics but instead they only focused on ME1 and even that looks shitty with the very minor improvements. There's alot of features they should have added that Andromeda had like the Respec & Character redesign features but instead we have to stick with our shitty and out of place looking created character that always has shiny hair and never looks the same once we finish the customization. Could've easily just given it the Andromeda character customization and graphics. Fun series but they really dropped the ball. They also didnt add in the ability to remove your helmet in 2 & 3 but you can do it in 1 so you end up with amazing armor but look out of place because you have a helmet on when nobody else does. Big lack of improving on this trilogy honestly.
Legendary Edition: Because the original Mass Effect 1, 2, and 3 were so great, and Andromeda was such a dud in comparison, you have no choice but to simply resell the original 1-3 all over again, just with better graphics!
Only missing subtitles in PT-BR 🇧🇷
Good work, in this moment ME-LE is complete (Red-end) and i see the Teaser from ME4 again. Makes sens, Liara in the Ice and in the back Javik, Mordin and Garrus. Now wait for ME4 an Shep´s return <3 Andromeda? .. bah! No more ME-A please. Only Shep is the real deal, THX.
am i the only one who is thinking that original is better.....or might be RTX in ON in original LOL..
Honestly I would’ve buy it if it had the multiplayer. The story and everything is really good…but I did it a million times and was really looking forward to some good old coop reaper smashing
when will you add the Pinnacle Station add-on to the first part? who is my husband, I think that it is necessary to add new content to the trilogy that will shed light on the Andromeda game,you can even add new characters,planets and quests, I guarantee you, success is guaranteed, also add the Mass Effect: Infiltrato Addon that you really want to play and which should rightfully be in this collection
I don’t know about you guys but I preferred the way default femshep looked in the original first 2 games I didn’t think it was necessary at all to change her look for the 3rd
Congratulations ! I am still playing at this game and you made a great remastered.
Are you planning to add blonde hair to the ME:LE? Who and why decided to remove it 🙁? Please, fix it. This is discrimination against all blonde haired people :(
I've played the Mass Effect Trilogy on both PC and PS3, and I have to say it's one of the best trilogies in gaming history imo. That being said, it looks like the ladies got a reduction in breast size on both the versions shown in this video compared to the original versions I have. I thought I was trippin at first so I went back to confirm and it appears to be true. My question is why??? They clearly look better the way they were originally designed, now they look kind of strange.
So I started playing ME1 on my old xbox 360, and the differences...     I'm thankful
Tali'Zorah vas Normandy
Очень круто переделали графику. Спасибо! :) )))  лайк
I played the old ME trilogy to many times lol...and now i close a full playthrough of ME1 LE on insanity right at start...imo there a difficulty balance problem...in general this was to easy. I remember played the old ME1 and always import my character with the appropriate gear to survive a second insanity  playthrough, especially at start. This is my negative point but at large you did a good job for this remaster and i enjoy my journey again with this fresh trilogy, thanks.
Missed the chance to calli t "Mass Effect Calibrations Completed Edition"
Quite desperate to cash in on the nostalgia after the recent fiascos aren't you?
Man i have to have this.A little broke at the moment but will for sure get it when i can.Now to scratch together some harddrive spave.I read the trilogies around 10gb.Me look at my red hdd space with doubt 😒
"It's been one hell of a ride...."
at mass effect 1 Tali voice is like a kid but on mass effect 2 and 3 Tali voice is an adult
Ok is it me or theres something odd with the lighting in the MELE? like.... it seems... more stale... More plain.... Like on the mako part of the video the original's lighting seems better than in MeLE. Is it just me?
You can notest alot thing like how not the original no multiplayer aswell cut here and there cut or bugs in game I knew then game they pack up helping mass effect legendary edition aswell vote multiplayer are high know hoping remaster on dragon age origins and dragon age 2 aswell dragon age inquisition aswell maybe remaster dead space and mass affect andromeda
What  happened  to  the  multiplayer is it going a update or not
Does anyone know when the scenes showing Liara and Ashley happen? Specifically 0:32 and 1:07. I don't ever remember seeing those scenes in my playthrough.
Why didn't you do anything to the IDENTICAL BUILDINGS ON EVERY PLANET? Like, ffs! You could at least have given them unique textures or used stock sci-fi models from UE engine. ANYTHING would be better than having to constantly enter what looks like the same building. Most immersion breaking thing in the entire games series.
I wish shiala and aria t'loak can become character that we can romance on next DLC but look like that's not the chase 😢😢😢 ...
Cannot believe these are the same guys that made anthem. Lightning doesn't strike twice does it?
Your game does not work! Cannot be launched, fix it!
1:10 They forgot to write "accentuated boob areas".
Now I’m hoping for a Dragon Age: Mythical Edition that touches up Origins and 2.
RTX ON
Does anyone have the code for femshep at 1:42?
I didn't play Mass Effect before, and I didn't read but only positive reviews, and that is a very good sign. but my question now, if any of you can tell me if the game has Stargate SG1 & Atlantis vibes & theme; I love SG and was looking for a game that can get me back in this mode again but with something different than SG.
Mass Effect Legendary Edition:   Improved 3D Models!  Removed all lighting and shadows. 💩
It's hardly impressive 😕 I bet its a great game though
Figured I'd pop in and report a few recurring bugs in ME1 on Legendary Edition.  First off, it's happened multiple times now that when a new entry pops up in the journal while on foot planetside, Shepards' aim locks to where he is facing and you can't turn around.  Second, on Eletania, when going around checking the monkeys for the probe, ones progress (and with that the paragon points you earn for checking them without kiling them) gets reset when you return to the mine after having gone from the colony next to the mine to the colony over by the downed satellite and back again.
this is the most awesome...5/17/2021
Although this news is rather graceful to hear, I am appalled by the fact that I must now face Legion’s sacrifice in 4K UHD at 60/120 FPS.
Its amazing been playing this whole Weekend right now I am still in ME 1 but well gotta play them all again, now I want to play more Andromeda are you guys working on a sequel? I really liked it !
Tell me you included the REAL endings ?
Thank you, but no... I'm disappointed...
Mass effect, now with better textures, horrible contrast and terrible post-processing.
They changed camera angles highlighting Mirandas assets. These changes were petty and unnecessary. Now, I am concerned that EA, Bioware's petty, childish attitudes, have lead them to make other unwarranted changes that they are not telling us about.    I was ready to pay full price day one. Now it's wait until it goes on sale for a significantly lower price. EA  has lost that extra revenue from myself and many others. I know they don't care and neither do I. It's my money and I decide whether they get it or not. I decided they will not get $60 from me. If they are lucky, I might pick it up at $15 or $20 in the future.    Had they just left it alone, I would have gladly paid $60 at launch without hesitation. So it looks like EA and many others like me are in agreement. They don't want my $60 and I don't want to give them $60. It seems everyone is happy and in the end that's all that matters. Now I have to decide where I will spend this extra cash that EA doesn't want.
there are times where the original versions look better. some faces and even some of the lighting
This is not a remaster. Please look up facts. I can't believe this needs to be said.
А слабо сравнить не с оригиналом, а с НЕофициальным ремастером?
Is it a parody of the remasters or is it real?
MODDERS HAVE CONFIRMED THAT THEY LEFT THE OLD VOICE-FILES IN, THE KAIDAN ROMANCE MOD FOR GAME 1+2 IS ON THE HORIZON!!
Hardly looks any different
Ya know I'm just not excited for remasters I'll get it on sale one day
I'm I the only one who likes the original version more? I can see the texture and shader improvements, but preffer the original lightning instead of this new FLAT one
Not too bad, it looks true to the original material, I've seen worse
music at the beginning sounds like "I am the doctor" from doctor who. a bit slowed down like the epic version or from the day of the doctor 50 anniversary edition. once you hear it you can not unhear. Still love mass effect!
Eyes are wrong like in andromeda. Eyes dont have shadows, so they look like  bad. But you fixed it in andromeda, you could do that here too, why you didnt fix it here? different engine problem?
stunned, you managed to make it worse. this is a talent. Shitgod
We don't buy gimmicks, we don't believe in lies of influencers, but real player reviews
I don't like the controls, played an older version on PSN.
Now the game looks just like it did in my head as a teenager playing my xBox alone in my room.
14yrs wait and we get minimally tweaked lighting and higher res textures ? Underwhelming to say the least. Some scenes look better in the original
Im some ways the lighting and colour palette of the original is better.... The new version is too "clean" and white.
Looks like the graphics are a bit improved and the lighting is brighter and that's mostly it. The hair is, while updated, nowhere near 2021 standards, even if this is a remaster. Still though, ME has an amazing storyline in it's own right so that should make up for it.
LOL no Polish language. BYE BYE fck this shit ;)
still gonna wait for a sale or used copy for least 60% less than full price, you guys didnt fix the awful endings of ME3 or from what i can see the dogshit controls of the mako in ME1 and instead focused on camera angles that were awkward/weird, and owners ME1, 2 and 3 + all DLCs dont get even a slight discount. i dont see why i should spend 70 euros on this.
Looks like I'll be making heavy use of Reshade to turn some of those lights down :)
I am dying to know if you fixed Kelly Chambers in Mass Effect 3. That was such a huge letdown!
Most of the original game still holds up pretty well.
Not sure if I gonna get it but honestly one of the few comparison trailers that actually does it right.
i am gonna try to get this game today (provided gamestop has it) and my god, this is getting me SO HYPED!
I just watched this on steam, I've only finished the first one, and I was going to pick all 3 up again anyway.  I'm glad the textures look better, but overall i think the original's darker tone and lighting are better. No? Am I nuts? Everybody else seems pleased overall, and I don't want to be "that guy" that nitpicks and whines. But seriously, I feel like the original does a better job with that gloomier atmosphere, and I'm sad more people don't adress this.
...why does the original look better? 😕  I mean the textures are clearly improved in the new version, but the new lighting is so strong and so bright that it just ends up washing out everything
Garrus looks like a BEAST
oh my god this looks so fucking pointless.
Soo, a very lazy remaster. Great EA, great.
1:05 Some comparisons are better than others.
its just not enough to pay $60 especially when you can get copies of each game for 2bux a piece at gamestop preowned and they have buy1 get1 free almost everyweek on preowned edit: on preowned versions of 360/ps3 versions
Without rewelka :/
I actually miss these characters so much. Let's face it, Bioware spent so much time making it work with Frostbite with Andromeda the game itself was buggy and felt rushed. However it's a mistake to give up on the franchise, because it's so damn good.
We’ll bang ok
Did they remaster Tali’s face without her mask into the game lol.
Which one is the new one
Look into Thane's reflective eyes!!! OMG Everyone is soooooo PRETTY! I will never get anything done because I will be too busy looking at all the details and staring into the water.
All well and good, but I'm just looking for an excuse to play again.
Mass effect but with booooobs
Bro the nostalgia from watching this I can’t wait to play number two and upgrade everything just to still have one of my crew mates die! Let’s gooooo
This is going to be awesome to play through these games again.
I’ll buy it just to support BioWare because I love their single player games. More ME is not a bad thing.
I ophe they fix the lighting - it looks far too natural
No more crosseyes 🤗
0:36 my Favorite Ashley Line. "Why is it When someone Says with all Due Respect they really mean Kiss My Ass?"
3 days left!
Seeing something simple like Admiral Anderson makes me cry  :D  I don't think I've had a better story in a game, where you can actually feel friendship among the characters you meet and feel the loss when they die... At the other hand I felt like Andromeda had nothing in common with 1,2 and 3 and I could not even finish it. Those famous actors really made a lot of difference even when I hear their voices in other games!  I hope in the future they'll make another sequel more like 1,2 and 3  that may even have more paths to explore when Legendary has a reasonable sale (considered a remake) With a skilltree and class paths etc.
Only $60 for superfluous graphical upgrades on *god tier story* rich games I already own?  Count me in!   I mean... fuck you guys.  But yeah... count me in.
EA: Hmmm....how to make profit. Employee: "I know, add HD resolution textures and 'free' DLC in for $60 cost." EA...approved.
Anyone else feel a bit underwhelmed by this? I just don't think the remaster looks as great as it could be and there just seems to be a mega hype train because of the name it carries.
Geth Chad
The Sims 3 --> the sims 4
1:49 This is the one part I like the original more with.
but are all the ME1 side quests still going to be the same warehouse with the same music every time?
I am really disappointed by this. I been playing the original trilogy with mods that improve everything from textures, to new content. And having a ton of fun In mp. There is nothing new other than graphics that quite honestly looks often like a downgrade. The amazing mood lighting and atmosphere is mysteriously gone in this. And why the hell does so many of these new scenes have them stuck in some kind of Grey fog? Everything here looks HD, but also washed out. Like the colors are fading.   I rather save my money than buy a "reskin" that gives me less content, and have nothing new other than small options and HUD fixes. This does not qualify as being a remaster. More correct to call it a 4K graphics remake. I would actually recommend people instead go for the original trilogy with the fan made expansion. You pretty much get the same fixes as here, but better atmosphere and more content. Graphics is not everything. You would think a big company like EA could do better than cut out the MP.  I was really sad to see this bare minimum "remaster". I hope something get improved before release, but I personally will not Pre-order this.
Im the citadel and this is my favorite shepherd on the shop :-]
That music, my teenage years...
It would be so awesome if we are allowed a MalexMale romance with Kaidan Alenko from game 1 in the remaster. Edit: So it seems they said "Nope"..I ain't gonna buy this edition, until it's crystal clear that modders can mod the MShep/Kaidan romance in once again Edit 2: THEY LEFT IT IN! YAAAAS!!
It's so impressive how original still holds up.
Im so used to the PS5 now, This looks terrible. I've never played Mass Effect so I'm on the fence on buying this.
6 more days, people
"We'll bang, Ok? never looked better.
Does remaster have an option for original lighting effects?
Best story ever. I made a video as a tribute to you. Hope you enjoy.
Eden primes gonna be something else manb
But where the Multiplayer at. Will we ever see it return? Anyways, I’m hoping they do added later on which I highly doubt it but one can only hope. Also I’m waiting for my Series X to arrive so I can start playing the legendary trilogy
I am litterally buying this game to play as FemShep. She Thicc in mASS Effect 1 and 2. Thank you Bioware!
Original looks better
This is a scam
I am sorry to say this but you could have done better Lighteffects and maybe done some new 3D-Models(not much only some) but its for 40€ so for that i get my 1st game at FSK 16 in ma Library
maybe hollywood after the release of legendary edition finally sees.. what a PERFECT story this could be for a big movie / franchise...   p.s. can't wait to play it again, i play them all 3 once every year just not to forget what a great couple of games this is (all 3).
Can't wait for Mass Effect 1 Gamerpoop.
Why do you compare between original and legendary when there is already a remaster of every game? I want to know whats the difference between remaster and legendary. Sure legendary contain ME 1 - 3 but why should I play that much if I already have every remaster? O.o
so is this a collection? or just the first game?
I like better textures but I hate new lighting.
Where is Miranda ?
What's the difference? Did you change the position of the lighting?   Is this the courage thing from Apple?  - someone that bought the trilogy on three different platforms.
honestly doesn't look very different.
Some area's look to bright vs org..... hope some1 makes a mod for this game version---
wow, sorry but the original version colors look much much better....
Has anyone ever done the Paragon choices? Kind of would feel really boring.
Honestly original looks better to me,it is darker,legendary is too bright.
Please Bioware, we need the Pinnacle Station 😭. We are more than grateful to you for bringing us these 3 remastered masterpieces, but do not leave out the Pinnacle Station. If it is necessary to do it again from scratch, we will wait as long as necessary.
I doubt it's going to look this good on my PS4, but, I look forward to being able to play everything in the original series that I missed before.
I think the original looks better???
I just beat the original trilogy on steam yesterday... Cant wait to replay in 2 weeks!
Truly cannot wait for the remaster, I'm super excited 🥰🥳🎊🍻🎉
the fact that theres been no gameplay of how it runs screams wwe 2k20 to me
Congratulations, the atmosphere of the game is completely destroyed because the filters for this were created in the original now the game is empty
what a shit remaster but dont worry. Your sheeps will buy it anyway.
Seems like a scam. I can see no difference. Buy the original trilogy for 20$ on cdkeys
The music really brings this game out of its box doesn't it.
это... ШЕДЕВР!!!! СПАСИБА МАСС ЭФФЕКТ!
0:19 faces look horrible.
Words cannot describe how hyped I am for this remaster!
The new Virmire sky🤮
cant wait so glad i didnt play those mass effect games tell now
Hacket out
Hell even the original looks good 10 year later
Will it fail? Will it deliver? If it will end up as failure, this will be a final nail in a coffin of BioWare. If it will live up to expectations, then hope isn't lost yet and BioWare might rise again.
The original actually looks better than I remember it. It some cases (like the dark scenes) I actually prefer it.
I wonder if they will fix Conrad Verner questline ^^
sad that bioware died
Lol you can play the original versions for free with ea access or pay $60 to play an uglier version. Tough call.
It’s astonishing that the pretty female characters spoke 5 times in this trailer, but male characters only got to speak once, and he’s alien face, not human. Even our protagonist Shepherd didn’t get to speak. Whoever made this trailer must be a serious feminist.
Actually drooling right now can't wait to romance Garrus in 4K
Give us a Tali face reveal!!!
Mientras vengan los tres juegos con todos sus respectivos dlc, es una compra asegurada. Amé esta hermosa saga y la disfruté muchísimo en su momento.
Still looks kinda crap though, doesn't it?
1:05 uhm... the new version looks worse...
SUPER
I wonder If my GTX 1080 will still be powerful enough to run this at max setting 1440p?
Some of these environmental changes just look desaturated to me. So much of the games look better, but on Noveria, Virmire, and in the Normandy it seems to lose the rich colours, which is kind of a shame
liara's science uniform is RIDICULOUS - i hope someone makes a mod to restore her original uniform. because dr chakwas wears the same thing right?? am i really going to see her vacuum-sealed tits? please no. (i'm bi - i like tits and liara is my wife but for the love of god let scientists wear proper clothing)
Yessss gimme gimme!!
I was wondering if The Next Mass Effect will be related to Legendary Edition?
I cannot friggin wait to traverse the galaxy again with the best crewmates ever
overbrigth everywhere, the original atmosphere is lost
This is BS and nothing more.  This series deserved a REMADE with Frostbite 3, not this modding.
I can't wait to replay the trilogy for the few dozenth time in my life. Now let's go for a KOTOR remaster as well :D
Gonna beat this on insanity like I did with the trilogy on my ps3
wow. Garrus really out did himself calibrating the textures 😳
I would’ve fainted had this included new missions and an alternative M3 ending. I’m sorry I had to.  Lol
Is it worth it, I dont know? Will I buy it, of course
Looks like I'm going to have to save the galaxy once more...
Gonna play it for the first time on PS5!
Im definitely not pre-ordering. But if the reviews come out positive then I will absolutely be buying this!
New Liara and Anderson faces look creepy to me.
Ill finally be able to stand playing the first 2, cant stand old graphics.
I haven't played ME3 yet. Should I wait until this is released or get it now?
I hope they release a new mass effect game but this time we can play as one of the alien races it’s shit being a boring human
Говноремастер
I notice they failed to compare the booty
I want a dragon age collection as well as a kotor one too. It would be crazy if they could somehow make the mmo work with it.
I'm so fucking hyped the original has like me2 level graphics now
Why is there no discount for those who have brought the collector"s edition?
15 days !!!
Geez, this looks REALLY good.
I Think The Song Is The Suicide Mission On Mass Effect 2
Another thing I want is Me3 ending plz fix plz
It’s been so long since I’ve watched the Tali romance video and I haven’t even touched the games myself. So when I say I’m hyped, IM FUCKING HYPED
1:47 N
All I want is controller support for PC
I just wanted subtitles in brazilian portugues, please. Yes i use the translator.
Why is this the only game that I'm excited for this year?
um. Tali's face reflection from the Face Shield give me the creeps.  Anybody else?
As long as they just ****ing work and you improved the textures I don't care take my money.  But they better ****ing work EA! YOU HEAR ME???
Not impressed.
does it still have the god awful ending in ME3?
Sad they don't do anything with the robotic animations. 2021 and they can't even move hands around when talking
I'm definitely going back in the Normandy!   However... I don't know why watching this video makes me appreciating more the original version than the new...
I don‘t care about improvements, I just want no fps limit 😂
Did only I expected major gameplay update in ME1? Will I be able to remove "untrained" weapons? If it ends on mako improvements then I'll pass
If you don’t play as femshep you’re sexist.
I am currently playing Mass Effect 3 with ALOT Textures Mod at 4k and I personally see absolutely no point in buying the Legendary Edition. The only thing going for it is that it includes all DLCs and controller support on PC.
Devolver el dinero de Anthem, ladrones y embusteros!!!
The upgrade rate is too low.  The textures made by the people can be realized, not only the explosion effect is inferior, but it is said that there are many textures that are not as good as before.
Anyone know if the game will come with ps5 enhancements?
Dislike half the gameplay changes.  Hate the lens flares.  Should’ve remade, instead of remastered.  Give DA origins to Bluepoint next time.  This could’ve been so much better.  🤦‍♂️
Way too bright, ruins the atmosphere. And who decided Liara soggy tits was a good idea?
God this song playing at the end of ME 2 was fucking epic. Can't wait to be back at that moment soon 😉
the mass effect is magnificent but if you make the bidet in Turkish it will be legendary 🇹🇷🇹🇷
Brazilian portuguese subtitle
Goddamnit you fucked up the atmosphere.
It looks legitimately fucking worse. Did you just turn up the gamma on the capture device? I hope so because this looks like shit.
Old Mass Effect looks better than Andromeda. Pretty faces, animations.
where is Shepard the man?
They added fog to bridge of Normandy 🤣
Stoked
Why would i play the same game twice ?
hold on, hold on... Is it only me who see that in some scenes original game looks better? Especially speaking about lighting. Don't you think it's not worth to pay AGAIN for the same game just with updated textures?  I have played Halo MCC collection recently - and changes in graphics in Halo 1 and 2 are significant.  And here... Well, as I said - I don't understand why I should buy the same game AGAIN.
Original is better, first game that the lighting was done like a movie. My face hurts now.
Mostly upgraded. Sharper textures, better lighting, nice depth of field too.. But the eyes look better in original to me. They had a depth which is missing in the Leg ed.   Compare Liara at 1:08.. She looks intense, driven, and ALIVE on the left side, more natural and beautiful imho... On the right, she just has a dead-eye stare. And and looks like she's wearing those fake colored contacts, that make people look freaky looking in real life..  Can also be seen at 1:28, on Anderson. The iris is properly lit in the original, with highlight on the right, and illuminated iris ring on left. Like a properly lensed eye.... But in the new one, the iris is incorrectly, universally illuminated, and the highlight is not as clearly defined... The 'eye shader' may technically be superior, but the implementation was clearly more artful and natural before.
Fantastic
Where are all the bloom effects, wtf? no lens flares??? idk, win some lose some as usual... :(
I had recently purchased ME2 on PC so I could mod it, so I can't justify spending another $60 on Mass Effect right now. I'm just gonna wait for the price to come down. It will be better after the modding community has it for a while anyway.
Okay I was going to pass hard after seeing a lack of major overhaul on ones combat but this convinced me to buy it,  Nostalgia is a powerful drug.
они хот локации обновили бы... почему только текстуры... Халтура!
I'm ready to get hurt again
F*ck you ea, thx for physical copy in Russians.
Bring it on!!!!!!
"We'll bang, okay?"
I hope ME1 combat system will change.
Mods look better than this lazy ass garbage.
Original : Mass Effect Legendary Edition: Halo
Cool
looks almost as good as ALOT
*Give us mod support on consoles, similar thing to fallout 4/skyrim console mods*  And couldn't they fill out the empty rooms environmental clutter, to spice up the scenery, in the citadel, and Omega.
PT-BR please!
Bota legenda PT-BR Ai bando de corno
Definite preorder for my next pay day :)
Is there going to be a release date before a pre order button?
New traffic light
I will miss the ME1 Shepard's face, there's something weirdly charming about it
Вау, и за это я буду платить ЧЕТЫРЕ ТЫСЯЧИ РУБЛЕЙ? С КАКОЙ КСТАТИ?? ААААААААААА???
Просто пууушка
if i get to see liara booty again im down
Это все замечательно, но платить фулл-прайс за ремастер? 70 баксов или сколько там? Идите в допу, подожду торрент-едишн
So this is what those calibrations were all about huh? Nice job, Garrus.
detailed and brighter.
Maaaaaan the suicide mission theme!!! Hype no high lvl lol
Обожаю Лиару❤️❤️❤️❤️
some of the lighting choices on the remaster are just.....odd
I thought this was already out. FML!! 3 more weeks I guess!
release it already ffs
Meh... Like always, less than I expected. Idk why people still believe in remastered games
And it still requires Origin to play 👻
Man I would love to support this game because I would love to see more remasters of games like this.... but this remaster really doesn't look very good to me. There are certainly moments where the new version fails to capture the dark moody atmosphere of the first game (I think that's Novaria I'm seeing?)   Was hoping for a chance at least as drastic as Halo 2 -> Halo 2 Anniversary, but what I'm seeing is basically the difference between Mass Effect 1 and Mass Effect 3.... I remember being pretty disappointed by how little changed from 1 to 3 graphically.
why does the original look better
This is my favorite trailer on the Citadel.
I like the shading in the original more...
I am so damn excited for this I can’t wait
Is the mass effect 3 ending the revised one though?
I love this game I’m Mass Effect Fan Now and Forever
16 TIMES THE DETAIL
So ready for this.
They should have called it "Recalibrated Edition".
Ughh.... Why does the 0:04 looks *worse* (or at least not better), character texture/fidelity-wise? The other scenes showed improvements, though. :) (Also for faces and characters. I just really, really hope we're now able to properly crank up textures.)  It says A LOT about the artistic achievements of the the games that many of the remade scenes simply look different, not improved. The original snowstorms, effects and combinations of lighting felt so right as a design choices that they never felt "bad". :)  btw the effects rundown 1:39 is in wrong order (in relation to the text). For example ambient occlusion is disabled when depth of field is adjusted. (I mean the fast scroll in the beginning, not the slower one after that.)
where's joker?
What with the Tali's mask? They just make 'worse' original and put same creepy face pic at the legendary version. You have good 3d model in 2nd and 3rd game. Why not change Tali's mask from first game?
this doesnt look remastered.More like a glorified graphics mod that u would download for free
cant wait to play this trilogy for the first time... almos 20 days to go  and counting!!
The lighting still looks better in the original (unless the remaster brightness is massively over-boosted, which is possible).
Mise à part un changement sur un ou deux effets d'eau et la monté des gamma sur le remaster entre payer 70 balles et avoir l'oeuvre original mon choix est fait .
Like a piece of shite! Just kidding!
The upcoming NieR Replicant remaster/remake does the same thing with the lighting. It works in some areas but other areas look completely washed out and lifeless. Zero idea why devs are doing this. More realistic lighting does not mean everything looks washed out. Contrast and color vibrancy are completely lost in certain areas. Lame.
man, good games still come out dont get me wrong, but god damn this was some epic next level shit... wish more stuff like this was around.
The new Bioware can go to hell. I am not touching this politically correct garbage. Also this "improvement" is laughable. I will stick to the original, real trilogy.
Mass Effect is supposed to have dark shading though!!!
The new femshep is sooooo ugly :(
I already, pre-ordered. The only things I wanted from a remaster are being delivered, and more. So excited to utilize my new hardware a bit.
Please just fix the bugs
Mass Effect reduced the Ass Effect.
Will it be in gamepass?🤔
Я правильно понял, что разница примерно никакая, но мне за "это" нужно заплатить 6 000 рублей? И русского языка тут нет? Спасибо, я Метелицу посмотрел, идите лесом.
Ah, Thane can now call me Siha in 4k. And I can cry at Thane's funeral in 4k. What a momentous occasion 🙃
I swear the score here sounds like Doctor Who 😂
Графику только поправили или всё таки добавили контент?
Wow... A Demake for ps2? this looks awesome!!
So for the most part legendary edition does the same thing reshade and HD texture mods have been doing to the originals for years. Got it. And EA have the fucking hubris to try asking £55 for this. After the shitshow that was Andromeda We're owed this sort of remaster for free as an apology. Asking money for this from anyone that owns the originals is just insulting.
Is it odd that I like the original Liara more?
I love the ME franchise, I even thought Andromeda was good (mostly the shooting), but from what this video shows,, the remaster is not getting me to repurchase the games. I guess it is the most BioWare can wring out of an old graphics engine. I think light reskinning is not enough. A complete 3D model overhaul with reskins would justify the purchase. Maybe it is not a cost effective business model and / or Bioware talent resources are working on the new ME game.. I wanted more detail and true 4K textures. The game render video and resolution of the video capture may have been 4K but the skins and textures do not look 4K.
I cant wait!!!!  I love the fact that I will live again these 3 masterpieces as remastered! I wish it could be remake but I am ok ^^ One thing you MUST do in ME4 is to improve Character Creation so we can make a good looking char and PLEASE Bioware let us play in single player as N7 Slayer etc from multiplayer. That would be a perfect addition in ME4
The Original Mass Effect was a Masterpiece. 0:27 is proof of that.
As long as there are still ENEMIES EVERYWHERE  GO GO GO
Looking forward to only romancing Tali once again, she's the sweetest... and more importantly, she has an emergency induction port, how could I choose anyone else?
"We'll bang, ok?"
as a huge fan of ME that is my favorite games....im glad that add more to making your own Shepard...bt how they haven't to where you can change the body?? like adding more weight or more muscles.. or female Shepard to make like the chest and booty bigger or smaller......
I read so many comments down here and they were all awesome. You guys are the best community EVER.
not much better tbh. skipping this
Стало хуже!(
My phone can handle 2160p youtube videos
So this is gonna be my first time playing the trilogy, and I wanted to know will all my choices from the first game transfer to the second and third game naturally or do I have to import it somehow?
Like for remastered FemShep hype!
Looks awesome, please make a Switch version happen.
my gosh Thane looks beautiful
Where is the illusive man
I'm so excited that I've never played these games now
This will be the last good mass effect game. Bioware are dead this new bioware couldn't create an interesting cast of characters for Jeff Bezos cash. The soul is dead and with that the creativity.
With all due respect... it’s not great
Oh how I've waited for this moment in time. I always wanted to play a Mass Effect game but knew that the smart thing would be to wait for the remaster. My time is now.
Old graphic is better.
Meh, nice way of milking a (sadly) dead serie.
It’s not too much but I still like it
This is great but unless they did something about the ME3 ending, I'm not going to bother because whats the point. Yes I'm still salty about that, sue me.
if you have to make a remastered then take a note from COD MW remastered.... your remastered looks like a mobile phone game... just look at the graphic and physic...  i can see you have used old models with highrez texture applied... in 2021 you are asking me to pay  $54 for a mobile phone lokin game... just take your bloody time making new games or remastering an old game... first Mass Effect: Andromeda and now this shit show... am just too  tired of this bull crap...
Any news on the load times?
0:21 new character models look awful 😞
Where's Miranda butt....
Really cool. Now waiting for Dragon Age Remake😇
Please please please be mod friendly with the already existing content mods such as EGM, PEOM, and the like.
Keelah Se'lai
Seeing this only makes me think one thing. How good did Mass Effect look in 2007! Just remarkable. It looks fantastic on Series X.
I Miss my Garrus, Wrex, Tali, Thane and Joker!
looks meh
Mass effect 3 still the best
Mass Effect has some of the coolest cover names for characters. "The Ellusive Man" and "Shadow Broker" to name a few.
Times to trolls the salarians technicians again.
The only time in my gaming career that I’ve pre ordered knowing with 100 percent confidence I would love what I get on release. Waited for this remaster for a long time. Thank you!
I thought it was a new game XD
Mass Effect finally calibrated
can’t wait to punch the report in the new remastered mass effect
Mass Effect: Legendary Increased Brightness Edition
I will definitely buy game, but original looks better in my opinion. Original colors are better,  look darker and softer and has nice glow and more contrast.  Sad but it's better than not being able to play it on new system.
Is it just me or most of the human faces actually look better in the original footage?
Still prefer the original lighting. Why is everything so bright in the remaster? Light in space _is_ harsh.
Liara got boobs ! Now that's an improvement !!
Tali is my 💘
Really doesn't look that much better, and hardly constitutes a "remaster". I bought the trilogy for $30 6 years ago, and replayed them a year ago and they still look fine today. In no way worth buying again if you own the originals. I expected much more for a $60 remaster. This is a glorified, overpriced texture pack.
I played this trilogy several times And I'll f*cking do it again)
Love the more cinematic camera for ME1! This is such an instant-buy it's not even funny.
xD so they got the game brigther..?? still looks lame.
*Not music.* *Not gameplay.* *Not a plot and missions.* *Textures.* *Fucking shame.*
I will buy this simply to show I am invested in the franchise EA. So please continue it!!
As much as I love ME, I see no point in kicking out another $60+ to experience what I’ve been doing for the past decade. Don’t get me wrong, ME to me is a timeless classic, but I just can’t push myself to do it again even with the upgraded visuals.
Unfortunetly, this is not the remaster that I wish to play... My memory about this game is much more beautifull than that :(
It's crazy that the remaster of some old games that I've played through multiple times each are my most anticipated games of 2021.
When I tell you I gasped at 1:36 when I saw how much BETTER they made the non-white models look. Wow
Aaaaaaaaand sold!
It's so... bright?
snice
Yes, please.
I would like to honestly thank the developers for finally giving me the remaster I’ve been begging for since the PS4/Xbox One launch.  Thank you guys so much for making this I can’t wait to play this game and revisit what I consider the most legendary trilogy in gaming.  It will feel like revisiting an old friend and I for one am so impatient to finally play this again.  I refuse to touch my PC or 360 copies until this arrives.  Thank you so much!
I must admit that the first one have suffer a really bug change. But there are only three comparisons with the second game. And what about the third one?
Thank fuck they haven't made everyones face like a slapped up vagina to make us feel more "connected" to our characters.
I'll be honest, I'm not happy with this remaster. The colour and lighting is so washed out compared to the original, which had it's own distinct look and feel that I think has been lost. Just my opinion of course.
Man I honestly can’t wait, this will be amazing!!!! I love mass effect! Have already preordered for my pc!!! Let’s Go!!!!!!!!!
Just don't go and f*** up the ending this time. Check some mods, if you will
I got one huge question right now. WILL WE SEE TALI'S FACE NOW? Did they do it right this time? For all of us Tali Romancers.
Yay, Garris finally finished those calibrations!
Doesn't change the fact that the first game has horribly outdated gameplay and overall game design. At least you get the other two and they look nice
Sleep deprivation incoming
Will there be any tired faces in this?
Is this game all 3???
Here take my money please!
Anyone else find at 20seconds our characters look better in the original? Other than that it looks good!
Damn Thane is looking so good
Just show tali s face
Report to the ship as soon as possible, we'll bang ok?
I like how they chose the spaceship to showcase "volumetrics and fog." why does the spaceship have fog?
I actually like the old version better in most cases especially the lighting.  There’s almost a blown out look of the new. Would be more interesting if it was a proper remake with all the new tech and newer high res geo.
😱😱😱🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
with these types of efford you not getting my money i can tell u that
oooh shit, here i go again!
KOTOR REMAKE!
So I know we're appreciating the updated graphics and such but...  "Give me 10 minutes and I could start a war."  Please take my money. I want to see Liara say that in high quality.
I'm excited
Way too bright, you need to fix that, almost looks like a white grainy filter.
*2160p not 4K *half-assed upscaled project
now the important question: will it have achievements in steam/whichever platform?
I think they purposely didn't show us anything regarding the suicide mission, and instead used its soundtrack only. I think they want us to re-experience that piece of the trilogy for ourselves, with no sneak peeks.. Makes it all the more exciting..
Remastered my ass. You just lit up the game and slammed a new price tag on it................
finally the company did something my favorite game I had the ps3 then on the ps4 the ps4 does not have the mass and I went to the Xbox one.
Am I the only one who thinks the original looks better?
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
I liked femshep's look from first and second ME. Now she looks bad there too
It almost looks more bland in certain area's. The contrast of the darker lighting in for instance the citadel provided much more depth to the environment as opposed to the new lighting. Too bright. It flattens everything out. You can see this in the same footage with the Mako on the lava planet (can't recall the name only that I hated those timed "escapes"). The lava being so bright and the stone being so dark created this contrast and sense of danger and heat that the lava posed. Now it looks bland.  Maybe that's because i can't see the wider area though. It could be that it still exists, just not in a locked camera perspective.
Tali best!
Fuck Garrus is still hot
Tali’Zorah looks even sexier now
Oh man, I’m counting down the days.
What happened to Liara's skin? Please don't make her so glossy and high contrast. The pale tone was fine.
When did Liara start painting on her lab coat?
Another portion of money, which they asked us to pay for almost nothing. I hope they spend there efforts on new plots or at least reworking Andromeda, which I pre-ordered and  kinda lost all my trust on them there.
Garrus Iam comming bro.
See you soon Space Comander
Capcom lo hace mejor , remasterizando..
Yay, time to leave the Galaxy Map open for hours again!  And plenty of walking in and out of night clubs.  Also, does anyone else say 'down you go' when flushing the toilet?
The original lightning design was way better. Why on earth would you have a light-dispersing fog inside a spaceship?
Ok, i'm buying it
New edition just look over saturated and washed out most of the time.   What the f is wrong with companies these days where everything they make looks like you're watching it through a baking sheet on the screen.
Played the original series countless times but still excited for the legendary edition
The original one looks better,what the fuck
No Ray Tracing ?
So, they improved the texturing, but messed up the lighting design and turned it into a bland daytime soap. Gotcha!
Надеюсь, 3 часть специально непоказали и там будет хоть что-нибудь годное ?
does this mean i can download original mass effect games for free ??
Back then when bioware made good games 😁 the new mass effect is already fucked 😁
Mass Effect is the crowning achievement of the human race.
Hey Mass Effect, with all due respect, the remaster looks great.
nice try but i've been fooled before, 3 months or a 50% off deal that is my criteria for buying a game these days. devs CANNOT be trusted
HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE HYPE, TIME TO GET ALL ACHIEVEMENTS AGAIN
they should remade face model of female shepard again. or wait for modder to fix this
Brightness on 59.99$ Brightness off  4.99$
Wtf did they do to the shading it looks flat
I'm not impressed...
Depth of field ❌ Bloom ❌
Sure wish it ran at 60fps on consoles, still looks great though
I don't know if it is because I watch this video on my phone, but most of the time the "original version" looks better. Oo Have to try it on my TV...
They definitely needed to remaster the first 3 games. Not only were there lots of bugs, but I'm also hoping that they changed the ending. Maybe even add a bonus feature
Anyone who gives this a thumbs down can "with all do respect, kiss my ass."
Just take my money!
Some of the atmosphere and gloom is lost on the vanilla pass through, but I believe it can be corrected with mods. On the fence about purchasing it now.
I am surprised that there wasn't much pieces of Mass Effect 2 and 3 in this trailer, or maybe 2 and 3 will have their own trailers?
The texture improvements were a direct result of Garrus' calibrations
Music is more epic than this Legendary Edition.
Can i see the hd version of fem shep x garrus sex scene?
Why is there fog in the Normandy cabin? Did the crew take up smoking?
I want this Edition NOW!
Love Mass Effect
I think Bioware is hard at work patting themselves on the back for mimicking what every newbie modder can do with reshade and a texture pack.
People who already have the original games should get a disccount on the legendary edition. I had to buy those EA *&@¨points do buy the game (people who did this know that it was a really bad system) and now i have to buy it all again.... =\ that's sad.
Only thing I prefer about the og is that it's darker. Feels like it fits the tone more than everything being super bright. Other than that looks fucking brilliant
Por algún motivo este video me puso cachondisimo 🤔
The mako finaly looks heavier than a tree sheet.
Is it only I tath find this traille badly done
Will there be a special edition? And will this play through all three games fluidly as one piece?
God, I hope this gives mass effect the hype it needs for a new title to come out. This series did not deserve to die at the hands of Andromeda.
I hope I don't have to get this at full price if I have all three games on origin and the first two on steam. Remember, ME3 was an Origin exclusive when it came out. Requiring ME3 on steam for a the only discount opportunity is SO mean.
Sounds nice ! Hope you'll change Tali's picture also...
I’m so excited
Why are all the original videos darker so you can’t see the actual difference and comparison?
Here's hoping they changed the damned ending.
Was it just me, or was the original easier to see in some parts of this?
For what they are created this remaster if original ME trilogy is looks like is very good ?
I look forward to the playing the remastered 2 and 3, though just something about the original 1's lighting is too beautiful to me.
Ok but why does original Garrus look better?
im hoping they added fov slider in options
Though I really like the taste the first game gives me, I could give the remastered version a chance. This game series is the only one I didn’t wait for a drop in prices and bought very soon after release.
too light filters. not?
Omg the music sure brought back some good memories. ❤️❤️❤️
give
I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite trailer on the Citadel.
Not all too impressed with the character models. I thought they would have got a lot more attention paid to them, but they're barely any better. Garrus is a noticeably poor improvement. Some texture changes, but not all for the better. The lights around his neck is just awful
Wouldn't be a "remaster" without just making everything brighter and losing most of the atmosphere as well.
sorry but sometimes original looks better than remastered... please dont fck this up too bioware
BIOWARE this is for you :  Do Not Pull Away From Marandas  Ass !!!
Honestly, some of those brighter environments actually look worse to me IMO. The brighter lighting took away some ambiance and made it look more sterile.
When your last 2 games are shit what else can you do but eat some memberberries. At least I  can see Miranda butt in 4k, oh wait they edited that out.
This just gives me a reason to replay the trilogy ten more times.
original looks better
oh Liara, i like your new lOOk <3
Só faltou as legendas em português do brasil!!!
Yes, but the ending of ME3, is that fixed lol?
Release the next game, fuck this remastered shit
LMAO it still looks like a 360 game
Hoped to see ass camera differences...
I have to be honest I prefer the originals look, updated mechanics and physics are always a welcome.  Would be nice if you could switch them on the fly.
I LOVE Mass Effect.   But some of the original and new looked to me like someone just turned up brightness.....
Is it just me, or am I only one who has always imgained like the new version
Here's the funny thing, younger me remembers mass effect as the remastered version. Seeing an actual remaster makes me feel old.
Looks pretty and all, but did you dump ME1's terrible combat engine and port in the good one from 3?
Report to the ship as soon as possible!..      We'll bang, ok?
I'm basically torn right now.... I want to go through this adventure again-- but that RGB ending still haunts me.... :(
This is the "Next Mass Efect"!?
Basically this just has mass effect three graphics but more colorful. The only way I'm buying it is if they have all dlcs free.
I feel like nearly every scene is an improvement, but the snowy area? That looks like it was flipped. Way better before. Anyone else agree?
ah but the question is will it run on a 2700k and a GeForce GT 1010 GPU ?.
Shit Garrus, this is not a ME 4. Well goodbye 😔
bahahhahahaha the original looks way better I've never played the game, I am not a fan I just wanted to see how REMASTERED the game is .. bahahahhahahahahaha exclude the hi res textures .. everything in this remaster fiasco is an atrocity ... hahahhahahahhahaha
As long the number of bugs stay the same, or maybe even go down, it's a win for me.
I would have loved to appreciate this in multiplayer... which is the only reason I still play ME3 and Andromeda.
Best Trilogy Ever along with Halo
These guys watch digital foundry lol
Who’s also thinking time to let Kaidan live this time over Ashley ?
"Does this unit have a soul?" - Best Robobro ever
I’m sorry but this is not a remaster just because you change the lights and add some small details is not a remaster so many games out there with better graphics it’s 2021 you can do better and no multiplayer is dumb not worth $60 can you imagine cod or halo without multiplayer
over reliance on artificial render overlays, texture mods. This is something fans do - not professionals. What would have made a diffrence is updating the rendering pipeline to handle materials properly rather then just overlay ( what is essentially a *post processing* layer ) over the camera and hope it gels with the game.   I deserve better.
1:50 is that new hairstyle? I’m in
No Miranda to show off? :(
Finally I can see my childhood crush Ashley in 4k. Never saved Kaiden in ME1... ups xD
Doesn’t look much different 🤷🏽‍♂️
Am I the only one who thinks Original looks much better? Especially fem-Shep from the beginning, holy shit the new model looks plastic and bad. Also everything looks so boring and generic, contrary to original, which had its own style. Meh.
Top 10 reasons i need to buy this: 1/ Miranda ass in 4K
This one is only character and some not important part comprasion not any mission compraion or gamplay fight moment not shoved . Only grapick improvment some era changed . But which mission or moment make camera angel change Steel not showed.
So... it's brighter.
There is additional detail, but the new lighting actually ruins the feel of many scenes and looks really flat. Fem Shep's face looks horrible and the tit job they gave Liara is downright comical. The damage to Garrus' armor also doesn't look right. Overall this looks very disappointing. Just going to keep playing the originals, thanks.
1:37 custom characters look so much better though
Can't wait to play again, although I only played about 3-4 hours of ME3, so most of that will be new to me. The first one was grainy, but kind of my favorite so it will be fun to play that again.  * I'm not a huge fan of the new textures and lighting to be honest...sometimes it looks ok, but looks mostly washed out and ruins the immersion and atmosphere in some parts based on what I'm seeing in the trailers.  * Would playing the originals as they are on XSX make them look that much better than on XB1?  * Is there a way in this new Legendary edition to alter some of those settings and turn off or no?
"I'm commander Shepherd and this is my favourite trailer on the citadel"
:,)
This is hardly better lol
It looks how I remember it looking! Awesome!
Hope I can turn fog off...
You have reworked the default femshep and her facial features. The new one is outright ugly. Kaidan? WHY? You reworked Liara's skin color and facial features. WHY?   What a disappointment.  It's like trying to watch a Star Wars remastered, but Darth Vader has Space Balls helmet...
Updated romance options or do we still gotta play as heterosexual males until we make it to ME3 again?
Even though I going to have to wait a few years to get this (bc my computer will not be able to run this whatsoever) I cant wait
What's with the plastic wrapped boobas on Liara
just added light, great job ....
Just fix that photo and we're square
We'll bang, okay?
I prefer the original
Can't waaaaait
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
wow !!!! it's better than I thought
Feels kinda weird seeing ME3 Femshep in ME1 lol
"What was the most important part of the remaster?" "We turned the contrast knob waaaaaaay down."
Brooo look at this beautiful detailing, you can literally see every single scale on thane’s face. I’m just as excited to see how good 2 and 3 look as I am for 1.
I can't remember the last time I've been hyped for a game and this is only a remaster! XD
Because We can't make a Good "NEW TITLE" we'll just give you the old stuff lookin betta.... Me: yeah... I've done that already.
Am I alone consider the  fact that the game isn't called Calibrated Edition an absolute  crime ?!
Lower the price, this is a joke.
It’s funny because the ps3 version of mass effect looks way worse than the original comparisons they’re using. So I’m super excited for this.
Don't fuck this up
I didn’t realize till this moment how much this series means to me
I'm pretty sure the mods looked better than this. Come on BioWare
Looks tight, but super washed out. The "volumetric fog" is a detriment, particularly in indoor environments.
The absolute gall of BioWare to even suggest pre ordering this game. After preordering, paying for the premium Andromeda, walking away empty-handed and disappointed I can’t think of anything more insulting.
Can we get the same treatment for dead space trilogy? Please
I'll just be happy if the textures load in less than 30 seconds (especially an issue in ME1), walking around with everything looking minecraftey for awhile was weird.
I feel like Robin Sachs would be satisfied...RIP Zaeed.
Love that music. Always hyped me up
No Pinnacle DLC, no Mass Effect 3 multiplayer  Yet ya’ll have time to change camera angles cuz of “muh sexism”
As much as he isn't a fan favorite (he's my femShep's OTP), I can't wait to see Kaidan's glowup.
Console or Pc for this time around - what do you guys think?
That don't impress me much. I want a good new part and not something like Andromeda.
Garrus was already 4K in the original, still looking sharp as ever!
ok how much its gonna cost?  any thing above 40$ is no no for me ,why ? look at the master chief collection
but will I still have to do all that mining
This song sounds like the one from Doctor who the 11th doctors theme.
They ruined Liaras face
Awesome!  So can we holster our weapons in ME3?
They removed that nice butt. 0/10 won't buy.
What weak changes. Turn up lighting, check... Hey, let's release it as a remaster!
Yeah what can i say...i asbolutely love ME.....but i am so salty you abondened Anthem just like that after promising so much.
I already pre ordered can’t wait to play
Looks good, I do think the leaf textures look a bit flat and some of the explosions look low res, but definitely looks like a great remaster
Ждем фильм!!!
Лучшая космическая сага, звёздные войны не конкуренты .
Me; I'm gonna do a paragon playthrough. Sees Reporter. Me; I'm not perfect.
Looks amazing. You did a great job on this one, Bioware.
That music alone can force me to forget about the Andromeda disaster...
remake the bloody ending of ME3 !!!
Honestly the original looks better most of the time, yikes.
Why does the footage looks like 30fps....?
Another remastered game for next gen consoles,  these new consoles must be powerful to bad they cant make new games instead of the same bs whats the point of these new new consoles if your not going to make newer games and not old games im sick of old remakes remaster on top of remastered games
I already preordered it, can’t wait!
ONLY 1 MONTH 😃😃😃
Thank you for this 😭
Sweet baby Jesus yes..
Its like they turned a 14 year old game into a 12 year old game lmao  They could have done so much more, imagine this with andromeda graphics(not animations tho)
OMG this looks amazing! Sooo excited to see Mass Effect 1 get a facelift! Hopefully they improved the gameplay, too, and made exploring planets with the Mako slightly less tedious lol. Also pleasantly surprised to see ME2 getting a facelift as well, but definitely not disappointed! ME3 didn't really need a remake, but it's cool it's getting one anyhow. Keep up the great work guys!  P.S. Dear game creators, please stop making awesome new games and awesome remakes of old games. Between this and Pokemon Snap remake I'm almost broke. JK, please do keeping making them. I need something to do while waiting for the pandemic to end. Also Dragon Age Origins remake would be nice kthnxbye.
What's with remastered games having worse lighting than the orignal, the original's lighting is way superior, looks moody and cinematic, the new one looks like the brightness slider was put to max.
I'm going to be taking my time enjoying the beauty of remastered Virmire before I assault Saren's facility.
Wish to see mass effect 3 changes I know probably nothing amazing since the 3 still holds up today as a good looking game
Got a few days off for this release. Even though I've played this trilogy to death, it remains one of my personal favourites and I connect with about 80% of my squamates which really speaks volumes about the writing. And while I get some people aren't too thrilled about the eden prime change from a thematic standpoint but for me from an artistic and lore standpoint its completely justified imo.
I look forward to picking Kaidan and letting Ashley die all over again.
So, is this remaster gonna be a censored version or...?
Combat mechanics?...Anyone?
I know you don't get 4K without the Series X, but I'm wondering if I will see any visual improvements on the Xbox One with the Legendary edition. Any thoughts?
Da hora!!
They just made everything bright
This is the most important post you’ll ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward ( Romans 10:9 ).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 );  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
I love the Mass effect saga which is why - despite the over the top comments from wannabe-trekkie-likes who show no objectivity whatsoever - I am disappointed with this video. I would love to be proven wrong, but EA is known for being one of the most corrupt, mediocre and inefficient outfits in the gaming industry and that is a lot to say considering other corporate prostitutes like Bethesda. I am disappointed with this video because all I see is just the same beautiful but old car with just a coating of new paint. Hell, Mass Effect Andromeda was a hidden triumph after the update which fixed all the horrible robotic faces and it almost looked completely photorealistic. I do not see any of the near-photorealism here, just brighter colors, and other adjustments but nothing like the beautiful renderings of post-update Mass Effect Andromeda. Unless they are saving the major changes for the release date, I will not buy the same old car with a new paint job. If EA had some decency, they would completely update from the ground up what needs to be redone instead of lazily using the same outdated environments. Don't get me wrong, I hope to be proven wrong but this video does nothing to dispel such notions. It also indicates that they will not redo the stupid ME3 ending which lacked so much the epic atmosphere of ME2. Go ahead you fanatics! I'm not an attention-seeker, have fun with the dislike button and the ad personam attacks. I will only answer to actual arguments and not the tantrums of overgrown brats.
When it will be available  ?
Nice to meet you in the new year!     China should take full responsibility for spreading the corona to the world.  And it should be destroyed.
So, what resolution/framerate will run at on PS4/Xbox One consoles? 1080p/30 fps? 900p/30 fps?
I do not remember the original looking so bad 😂. But I'm ready to remember my childhood
Why do I get the feeling that this will be a glitchy mess comes launch... hmmmmm
Apparently it no longer supports the experimental technology known as 'shadows.'    The universal, omnibus-directional lighting is really having a negative impact on the atmosphere in some of those shots.
Multiplayer?
with all due respect, this game sucks.
Why does it look worse in all of the scenes except for the MAKO and the hub area?
After the letdown that was CP2077, I’m very excited to return where games really had a heart and soul. Mass Effect will always be the best series.
Looks so much better. Can't wait!!
Must be using a modded “original” ME1.  My original ME1 looks terrible compared to their “original”
It looks stunningly beautiful.
No miranda ass effect comparison, dislike
CADÊ A PORRA DA LEGENDA EM PORTUGUÊS CARAMBA! AFF
Original looks better in 90% of clips
Cool...but uh...no legion?
give us mp u bastards
Mass Effect: Nexus Edition free and better. Don't pay for that overprice sh*t.
This and Rome: Total War Remastered have really made this year for me.
.... Did they actually fuck up the lighting
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. Work is for people who don't know how to fish. 2. If you don't like the news, go out and make some. 3. Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way. 4. If ignorance is bliss, then tourists are in a constant state of euphoria. 5. If at first you don't succeed, don't try skydiving. 6. According to my best recollection, I don't remember. 7. The word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary. 8. Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. 9. The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 10. Few women admit their age; few men act it.   Editorial:  Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit.  Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die.  This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true:  Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said,  "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery  already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said  "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying,  thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten  Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or  guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not  God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son  to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that,  while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the  dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who  confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do  that today . . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a  wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God  will never let you down.Visit NeedGod.com.
I recall ME having a sort of goosebump/snowstorm/tv static overlay that seemed to improve the 3D quality of the world for what they were trying to do at the time, but I didn't see any of that from the original footage here.
Shows all party members except Wrex or Grunt. Where's the Krogan love?
No real-time reflections in the water? This game is unplayable.
Somebody maybe knows, will be box edition on PC or only Steam/Origin?
It looks sharper, but I'm actually digging the darker atmosphere from the original more... Sad.
Now if we can finish the story in andromeda with out all the Sjw crap. Love this story.
EA, if you dare to fuck this up by releasing a buggy mess or by adding Lootbox shit, I will hunt you down through every Galaxy and not even Commander Shepard can save your ass. This is my most beloved gaming series period. The characters that I went with through so much and bonded with that even the ending of ME3 couldn't destroy the legacy that they left behind in my memory and I will become more than a Reaper if this gets not treated with the utmost respect it deserves. Sincerely a huge fan that knows what you (EA) are capable off and I will not tolerate any shit with this! ^^
I’ll just stick with the backwards compatibility on Xbox
Wow Mass effect 1 with Mass effect 3 art style. Looks terrible
A lot of the original shots look much better.  The lighting has been butchered it seems in this remaster.  I'd bet money that if these comparisons weren't labeled most people would either be confused what they're seeing or prefer the original
Где русские комменты? =) но всю серию игр пройду с большим удовольствием при чем не раз, ждем ;)
Very conflicted after watching this a few times. I love some of the upscaling reworks, but can't help but feel some of these scenes are now washed out, lacking in color, etc. I'll be interested to see more when it's out and reviews are in. Just finished a trilogy playthrough last year, so won't be in any rush to buy this out the gates.
Cheap Remaster
I'm Commander Shepard, and this is my favourite trailer on Youtube
No multiplayer. :(
60 fps ??
1:28 You killed me, eye shader improved... LOL Nothing else looks different, as his new color.
Can we get DeadSpace as well
I gotta admit I’m only getting this to play ME2 again.
For real, why do some people expect ME:A graphics from the Legendary Edition, this is not the Frostbite Engine. It's a remaster of an RPG TRILOGY, games that last at least 30+ hours each if you're planning on doing everything plus almost all of the DLC combined, development on this game started in 2019 and BioWare used Unreal Engine 3 (Unreal Engine 5 is coming out this year, UE3 is pretty old) and it looks REALLY good for what it is. It's not a remake, it's not a reimagining, it's not a lazy reskin, other developers take twice the time to release a remaster of ONE game that lasts 15 hours and BioWare made a remaster of THREE games in less than 2 years while BioWare's studios where working on the next Mass Effect, Dragon Age 4 and Anthem at the same time. How some of you are disappointed and want more is beyond me.
Already took vacation days and paid for the pre-order, I can't wait for it!
We're going in
Report to the ship immediately, we'll bang okay?
can't make new good game in the series? no problem, just make some remaster that nobody needs because original game is just as playable. Seriously i'm just disapointed
I feel lucky that I’m gonna experienced this whole trilogy for the first time
Gonna be honest. Great job but I think you need to redo Garrus.  His armour looks too shiny with the white edgelighting.
It seems all faces is tired now.
Miranda Booty curiously omitted...
Surely if you have to write which is the original and which is remastered, the jump isn't as significant as expected.
Not bad. But some humans have detailed skins, femshep and others are super smooth?? I'd like to change that. Mods!!
Mass Effect but it's day time
This is nothing more than a cash grab if Bioware had been serious they would have future proofed this by remastering this in Unreal 4 not a 12 + year old game engine in Unreal 3. You just have to look at Crysis remaster a game that came out also in 2007 that has been redone in the latest Crytek engine and is capable of 8k ray tracing etc the LE version of Mass Effect has been upscaled to 4k without the other bells and whistles. This was done on the cheap. And doesn't improve very much more on whats already available though modding through ALOT. ALOT Videos Project & MEUITM. And diminishes the game without mod support as EGM, Project Variety, POEM and many others add far more to Mass Effect 3 plus the various mods available for 1& 2.
This game looks weird..people actually played this?!
No VR edition?
Imagine thinking these  “visual upgrades” are worth advertising like they’re impressive. They tweaked some lighting. Add the fact that they didn’t even add the multiplayer from me3, this legendary edition is a joke. Can’t say I expected more from BioWare/ea. What a fucking shame
omg garrus 🥰🥰🥰
not good enough of a visual upgrade.  will pass til 10$
Честно? Где-то оригинал выглядит куда лучше. Я бы лучше натянул графические модификации на оригинал и поиграл в него. Блин, да в некоторых местах даже тени убили. Из понравившегося это Тейн, вот он красавчик прямо. Гарусс же... Как бы выразиться. Не сильно поменялся
I am so fucking ready.
Looks really good! But what is going on with baked shadows at 0:17 on the building (right side)? Looks like a lightmapping bug.
Perhaps it's just because of the side by side comparison, but doesn't the remaster seem a bit too bright? I'm sure brightness control is included, I'm just curious if they actually think this level of brightness it right for the games, or perhaps has it set high in order to highlight texture improvements. For instance the Normandy being dimly lit worked very well as an aesthetic choice.
ok but did they make the mako driveable?
not gonna lie i really liked the 80s grain look on the original mass effect. especially showed what I liked when you compared the original mako to the new one on virmire. Old one looked so distinct and neat. I guess having it removed will keep all the games in the same aesthetic at least.
I may be in the minority here but... I absolutely LOVED ME 1. I liked ME 2 but on a different level. I think it was a great game as well, but was more actiony than ME 1. 3 was, for me, the weakest. I didn't enjoy the whole vibe and thought the ones who died (*spoilers?*) felt forced. If any of them should have died, we as Shep should have had a say in which ones die and which ones were saved. I think that would have made the end battle (the 1st one we got suuuuu-hucked and the do-over wasn't much better) more involved than the Suicide Mission of 2.  Again, it's just me and my warped mind...
I like this trailer, but in a weird way. It really shows that I just don't give a rat's ass about fancy lighting, particle, and shadow effects, or mostly anything remasters talk about these days when it comes to graphical updates. I can barely tell the difference personally unless its an actual screen resolution thing. But new or updated character models on the other hand? HELL YES. Worth the price of admission right there.   Also using the amazing FemShep redesign throughout the trilogy is going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back to make me turn away from my beloved BroShep.
storms look worse, winds etc, not only in this video but others you showed
Why not add a few new missions?
The https://youtu.be/5pQvM9ZY41k things to come
0:19 Female shepard looking real sus right now
No matter how old Mass Effect gets or how many times I play the series. I still get hyped watching the trailers :D
amo qvesto gioco
Slightly less blurry with lights on. Nice.
Feel like they've changed the tone of the franchise, lightening everything like that. Now were the darker shadows and poorer lighting the result of hiding unseemly textures that no longer need to be hidden, possibly. But some of the shots look subjectively look better in the original.
1:11 hmmmm
You know... I always kinda suspected that the Mass Effect 1 armor sets would look as good or better than the subsequent suits worn by Shepard and some others in ME2 and 3, if they were given a proper modern graphics treatment. Y'all proved me right.
goddamit i have to sacrifice kaidan again.... btw who is that @1:39?
This is surreal! With this remaster, this game is officially GOATED 🐐🙌💯
Mass Effect Legendary Edition is my favorite game on the Citadel!
This looks a lot more generic and boring tbh, I like the texture updates, but the moody lighting really worked for the ME atmosphere.
Can’t make a new game to save your life so you slap some lipstick on your one hit wonder.
Meh.
Many Goosebumps
I'm so excited, bout to put another 8 years of my life into this game, not to mention I can really put my soul into shepard now that there's more definition to the face
ME2 and 3 got a simple resolution and framerate boost.  But they put in the work for the original Mass Effect which was much needed.
Some parts look worse and some parts better
Looks terrible. I'll stick to the original, thank you very much.
Unless they changed the ending there really isn't much here that you can't use mods for the original games. And I'll never forgive Miranda.
Speaks volumes about the games that I didn't really get the changes and updates I wanted for the remaster and I'm still so excited 😆
HOT DAMN BOI! It's been years since i've made a trilogy run, its time babbbyyy
not sure if this is just me but in most of the scenes i liked the darker lighting more.
Looks great, but not 60 bucks great imo. I'm happy enough with the PC versions i got right now for free on Gamepass.
Pathetic upgrade. It's not much better than a typical "HD port." Still look forward to replaying.
Lights on and (Sometimes) 4k models. 60$ Please.
The remaster seems soulless. I'm not feeling it
Don't get me wrong, I'm super excited to see the ME trilogy return, I just wish that you expanded the romances. I wanted a femShepard with Tali
Мне одному кажется что оригинал во многих моментах выглядит лучше
the exterior missions are all way too washed out.  The contrasty-lensflare-happy punch of the original is gone.  That's a sadness.
Okey, some stuff looks good, but what the heck is up with Liara's animations around 1:11! Whaaaaaat
So all I have to do is turn up the brightness on the original games?
Hm... looks more like 2015 than 2021 tbh :/
I must admit, the original aged really well. Some scenes the original version looks better. The Mako scenes are better in the orginal. New version looks way to clean.
Am I the only one who prefers the original Femshep?
Where's my son?! I need my tank son!!!!
Did you guys just crank the sharpness up, and the contrast down, then call it a day?
And the cutscenes are as ugly as always :S Why didnt they take their time, to use the game-engine to render them... cgi-videos are so retro already, something i call "a relic from before 2020".
Gänsehaut
YES! 💜
So, they turned the brightness up, and sharpened some textures?  I'll wait for a price drop.
Congratulations, you've made ME1 environment look worse.
After the Andromeda and Anthem "F**k You" to the fans it makes me sad to see this and to know that I will give EA more money.
I'm looking forward to it! 😍 Thank you for making this!
Can't wait, and won't be a monumental letdown like Andromeda after having that preordered for years then cancelling it after all the bad reviews and footage.
фигня, переделывайте.
> Making a new Mass Effect game HELL NO > Re-selling the Mass Effect game with a new texture mod Our fans are too thirsty to pass this or complain
This looks like a joke
It's not dark as all hell, best upgrade!
Liara’s nose looking snatched
I prefer to buy this before I buy Re8, goose bumbs each time I hear Suicide Mission.
It looks a little better. Who cares
That "original" shot of Ashley tripping and firing is clearly fake, there were never that many frames.
*Lifts Ryncol*
Hmm, I like that we can see things now, but I feel the removal of shadows has gone too far in the opposite direction, particularly on Virmire and that shot of Kaiden and Shep.
Allow modders to make official lore friendly optional mods Bioware.  Make it so.
The original isnt even that bad looking!
Wow! This looks and sounds incredible, I am counting the days to get my hands on Mass Effect Legendary Edition. Mass Effect is still my favourite game series and I am so excited to be able to play this extraordinarily magnificent game series again remastered for new consuls. Its going to be awesome!
I love this game to bits. The memory of the Synthesis ending still chokes me up. So when I say a lighting mod is likely to be one of the first things I put on my pre-ordered copy of the game, I say it with a loving shake of my head. Otherwise, it looks great! So much joy for a game I've got over a year's worth of hours into (just checked on Steam and Origin). =)
I'm gonna say the lighting in the original versions looks better because it looks more like a noir film, while the Legendary versions are definitely more realistic.
Those lights look so damn flat.
I haven't played any of the Mass Effect. Is it worth the hype and 60 bucks guys? Be honest pls
Texture work is superb, but I am not a fan of how flat most of the scenes look in the LE compared to the darker contrast of the original. I loved the darker blue-red hue lighting aspect of ME and the atmosphere it brought is something that is heavily ingrained in how I feel towards the game.
There was a lot about the original ME1 that you've taken away in this remaster, I'm excited for the game but I think artistry and iconic stylistic choices have been dismissed here.
Ok. Is it just me? I have to confess. I don't like the way Shepard looks in the examples of the Legendary Edition here. As the most noticeable comparison, pause at 0:20 and take a look at the both of them. It isn't just the Legendary Shepard looks like she's just come out of the salon, makeup and all, while Original Shepard looks more like a battle-hardened officer. Look at their expressions. To me, Original Shepard has a more expressive face, a more intense gaze, and is doing a far better job of looking at the person she's talking to.
a lot of background blur added, contrasts are failed, everything looks bleached and smoothed. Total atmosphere failure. Why game devs can't stop at just improving textures and always think that they should change things that were already GOOD?! Somebody please put an auto-slapping machine next to the visual artists chair that says "YOU SHOULD STOP WHILE YOU STILL CAN".
That new lighting is horrible. I remember when Mass Effect was a dark, gritty SCI FI epic.
We'll Bang Okay? Now in 4K and with Lights on
I hope I can keep original lighting. New one looks washed out.
Ah yes... Ashley...
Far too much post processing effects and downgraded lighting. Definitely not worth full price.
HAHAHAHAHAH DELITED BLUR
Just Use MEUITM and MEUITM2 for the first two games and ALOT for ME3 .....this ist just another try from EA to charge some money for "texture and ENB" mod....
I don't really like the new lightning inside the Normandy. It looks bland and flat. Hopefully a mod will change it
Here we gooooo
Mass Effect 'Sorry, we hope you forget that Andomeda oopsie' Legendary Edition.
Anyone else prefer the darker lighting? It looks like they turned the contrast down on everything and it all looks a bit milky to me now. A lot of footage from these trailers shows how different it looks but it really doesn't look much better, just different. I'm sure there will be some locations where it will be a big improvement but the use of shadows and bold colours in the originals made them visually interesting whereas this is looking washed out in comparison
Garrus has finally finished the calibrations.
Enough of the comparisons, I just want to play the damn game again
goose bumps ! I can‘t wait any longer!
POGGIES
Take  my money !!!!
Bioware is not the same company that made Mass Effect 1-3. Almost _all_ talent has left long ago and I cannot blame them. Their faces got tired from all the SJW agendas. edit: spelling
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Just take me money already.
I haven’t been able to play these games since I retired my ps3 so I am so ready to play them on my PS5. Time to relive my favorite game franchise!
Why do I feel like the shadows and lighting are much better in the original?
I am the doctor and I save people
I might say something unpopular, but I don't like the new graphics. It lacks heart/mystery/atmosphere. Character models are great and a real improvement, but the environment and lighting is crappy. All the scenes look like someone took brightness and contrast and put it to 100. I find it funny - that after watching this trailer I wanna play original version of the game more then the remaster ^_^
Looks like shite.
is this going to be all 3 titels released as one ?
I'm confused. Why is it that every time a game gets remastered they make the textures look better but they bork the lighting up?  There's no doubt it looks better in a lot of ways but the original looks darker, grittier and some of the scenes are missing the colored lighting.   Bragging about re-lit scenes when they're changed ruins the tone the devs originally had.
Love the new lightning :-)
Show us Marauder Shields you cowards
Did your 3D-models become more detailed or are you just happy to see me?
0:55 That's an interesting place to put the "More Detailed 3D Models"-marker ;)
I think this remaster was made entirely by the team of color blind people. If a scene is definetly have some blue color in it why it is becomes white in a new version.(look for the first comparison if u color blind too)
"After time adrift among open stars, along tides of light and through shoals of dust, I will return to where i began" Gosh, I almost started to cry when I heard it again. So true, Tali, so true. Can't wait to dive into this world once more.
The ending of Mass Effect 3 is the same 3-color traffic light? No thanks. I was disappointed in 2012 and don`t want it again.
The changes are minimal 🤔... If you look at the remaster of Diablo 2 or Spyro or Crash, then Mass Effect does not look very cool.  To put it mildly, does not cause delight🥱😥
Good
Just hoping my GTX 960 can hold up, since I can't buy a card for a reasonable price...
Man, I'm so glad I pre ordered this! Worth every penny!
Honestly not that big of a difference. Thought it would be like mafia 1 vs definitive edition
Oh thank god, you’ve made Liara’s clothes even tighter. For a minute there, I was worried we’d lose some of the subtle sexuality that character has.
I wish all the remasters were like this. A straight, noticeable improvement!
This was the perfect trailer to show the improvements, well done! Looks amazing!
why Shepherd is always a freaking woman in this video?! madness... shepherd always will be the stock male character
Why would there be fog in a ship ? Unless everyone in the remaster is a chain smoker now. I never got this obsession of adding fog to remasters that some (not all) devs do when they go re-touch their games. Sure, add/improve fog when it makes sense but in some of the interior shots here they make none at all and just make the game look worse and more washed out.
So Liara has boobs now, ok/
After Anthem I think I'll just torrent this :)
So u want us (people who already bought ME1-ME3 with all DLCs) to pay again full price for the product same like new buyers?
Day one
What is not here is re-rendered (or real-time) cutscenes, which is too much to expect, but they will look pretty blurry inbetween gameplay, this game was originally targeting 1280*720 and delivered on dvd (ME3 on two disks).
I could literally watch paint dry with this music and have chills
keelah se'lai
PLEASE more DLC's new missions and new companions
Too much saturation in most shots.
Liara's line at 1:07 is badass.
A decade after this is still easily the best trilogy in gaming
they keep releasing trailers like we forgot this was happening or were not hyped for it. Bro I preordered day 1 just give us the game already lol also amazing trailer i love it. however I would go so far to argue that the snow storm doesnt look as good in the remaster because it lost the darkness in the map in way of reduced visibility. same with the bridge preview at 1:50. but i can justify that one away to interior lighting, I just have a preference for darker atmospheres i guess haha
"We'll Bang Ok!" - The Savior of Galaxy.
This remaster is my favorite of the Citadel.
The darker skin tones look a lot better now! Great improvement! And it's good to see better lightning in the cinematic scenes!
Please make games of this quality again BioWare :(. FUCK EA
Looks fine, still disappointed about character models and I hope the gameplay is updated significantly.
Very subtle diferences
Mass Effect > Star Wars
lol the remaster looks like shit
REMASTER THE ENDING LOL
it looks so fucking gorgeous i'm falling in love again
what about Miranda?
Too bright
Me: "Alright this playthrough will be different"  Proceeds to make the same decisions as countless times before, now in 4K
Member when games were good despite the graphics? I don't even remember the games looking like that because they were just so damn fun to play it didn't matter. Take me back. Take me back!
Let's go tear the reapers a new one. All, Over, Again.  In 4K.
Still gonna wait for gameplay and reviews before buying, but the way this game is going, it looks like I'll probably buy
Can i a links to the music
My friend Sean Yin partook in the project. He and his colleagues fixed a ton of graphical instances with regards to lighting, normal mapping, models etc. I'm really glad that this version looks so great. It's a labour of love. :D
The lighting might be more realistic but there's less artistic merit.   Like the Mako section in the snow at 0:25 has this mix of bluish snow and red guiding lights, but in the remade footage it's all washed out with white snow. Not to mention the distant mountains are obscured. The effect of the scene is completely ruined.  Or at 1:49, again the lighting might be more realistic but her face ends up looking washed out and flat. Plus her eyes are much dimmer and no longer stand out - partially because her eye color is different, partially because there's no longer a light reflecting off them and partially because she's wearing less eyeliner. Because her eyes don't stand out they're no longer the focal point, but nothing's replaced it. So overall the scene is bland.
1:10 yeah we all see the differences here
Третью часть толком не поменяли, а 1 и 2 по графону стали похожи на третью часть, найс ремастер.
I already have the trilogy with all the story DLCs. I'm certainly not paying for it again.
We'll bang ok?
Can´t wait to play this Gem again <3
Why is everything so bright? And why with this brightness have you pretty much ruined/removed all the facial shadowing that looks great in the original edition? Especially at 0:38 and 0:46. Yeah ya have nice textures but you removed the shadowing that gave the face depth.
Well, you can't fuck it up if it's just graphical improvements. Wouldn't bother me if Tali's missing a few facial expressions though.
While I am excited for this, I'm not going to pay $60 for it. I've already bought the trilogy twice with all its DLCs on both the PS3 and PC so I don't really feel like dishing out that much cash again when I can go back and mod them.
Shame no PC BOX/Steelbook edition..  And even I love ME trilogy (without andromeda) I think it's like reheated cutlets. Improve graphic and full price. Typicall EA. Bioware, You should be ashamed. Focus on ME4 (proper one), Dragon Age (inq wasn't bad) and finally release Star Wars: KotOR III . Thank You.
И что это всё? И за это вы просите  фулпрайс?
Shows how good the original looked.
looking forward to playing it... not looking forward to the most likely 80+ GB download though XD
WE 'LL BANG , OK?
They forgot to mention Denuvo.
This is bad
This is so bad
So the original but with less black colours and ocasionaly worse ambient setting.  I am sorry but especially the first mission in ME1 without the red lighting wont have the spooky and jumpy feeling. Its just yet another earth like planet. There are for sure places where they improved but for me its 50/50 ... like most places there were before (imo rightfully) dark are now lit like a fucking christmas tree.
i'm in love
So like any upgrades I should expect for Ps5
I feel some scenes actually looked better on the original. Really not that big of an improvement in my opinion, just a lot lighter. But Im just a casual observer.
That's enough remakes. Remakes blow. They always blow.
where's my homie randall ezno at
lol derm still kinda looks bad. not worth it imo
It's gonna be great going into this game blind again. It's been so long since I've last played it.
I am very remiss to say that, other than the high-res textures, the original looks better in a LOT of ways 🤨
I'll be extremely happy if the controls for sprint, cover, and roll were all separate for PC. It's really annoying to be killed repeatedly because cover is taken at every point when sprinting, or you roll when trying to take cover.
These "enhancements" look fucking terrible. They should be WAY better than this. Another fucking cash grab. Yall are full of shit for upvoting these and spending money on them
I kind of prefer the more saturated colors of the original but looking good. HD Thane is a cutie.
Now if they could make a new good game
LETS FUCKING GO
"Yeah boss...I'm feeling like I might be getting a severe sickness around May 14th...for about a week, maybe even two."
Original looks better...
Y’all are hyped for upgraded textures and lighting... 😂
Who decided that the labcoat model that Liara uses in ME1 needed boobsock should be fired with a giant fuck you in their resume. So Mature, Bioware. So Mature. -_-
Looks meh tbh. You really want to charge people full price for this?
noice😀😀
Can’t wait!!!!
PC modded version is better, sorry.
Can't wait to replay this masterpieces, please if anyone never play them, please do yourselves a favor and do it, I will play all 3 back to back, now I'm going to rewatch the trailer another 10 times for the suicide mission Theme.
So they "improved" the graphics and now want to charge more for an old game than all 3 of the games originally cost together. What a scam...can I get in on it so I can get rich from all the suckers? :) Addendum...needs W10 to play the trilogy? That sucks...no reason it couldn't be played on W7.
And bigger bewbs.....
THIS. IS. *PERFECTION.*
Can't wait!! Should I try paragon a little more this time around....
looks 5$ worth if you already own Mass Effect.
Yes.
Please! Português Brasil! Kkkkkkk I dont speak inglês! 😂
Are we going to be left with that same shitty feeling at the end of ME3 this time around?
Who is team Liara here?
Well I'm glad to see the Citadel still runs at 5 frames per second.
Not very convincing to my eyes.
Anyone know the Lore behind the breast sizes in Mass Effect 1 gathering double the mass for Mass effect 2 and triple the mass for Mass Effect 3?
А мой старый комп потянет?
The originals still look good today!
Just like old times
Okay my question is will there be a trial version or will i be forced to download a "free" version to see if i like the changes or not. Having all the games already i don't want to pay for the fourth time without knowing if its actually worth it. Yes it looks all dandy on trailers and paper but we all learnt the hard way that trailers and actual hands on gameplay are two different things.
Yessssss!!!!! Best trilogy of games ever. I cant wait to play the story from beginning to end all over again
I was going to ask if they are remaking the multiplayer too, until I saw the very tiny text at the end saying "INCLUDES SINGLE-PLAYER CONTENT ONLY". So... I guess that is a no?
Looks good, but still kinda bummed about the me3 multiplayer...
I hope lens flare can be turned off. I hope lens flare can be turned off. I hope lens flare can be turned off. I hope lens flare can be turned off. I hope lens flare can be turned off!
y'know, for some of these, I absolutely prefer the original.
I don't see it
Not a day one purchase without multiplayer.
Oh my poor heat 😍😍😍😍😍
the sims 4 graphics
I just want to play this so badly
I cannot wait to play every single second all three of these games has to offer again. <3
IM SO FREAKIN EXCITED
So many people talking shit thinking this is a REMAKE don't comprehend what a REMASTER is. 😂😂😂
fuck yes
Man I wish it was gonna include a multiplayer remake as well  That would be awesome as hell
Report to the ship as soon as possible. We'll bang Okay?
Can’t wait
who the character at the end? blm shepard?
I love this. Now imagine this.. What if CDPR did the same thing as BioWare, but remastered the first couple games of the Witcher series?  Mass Effect 1 is comparable to The Witcher 1 with how clunky and outdated the controls feel. Just give it the updated Witcher 2/3 engine. Like how BioWare gave ME1 Remastered the Mass Effect 3 engine.
1:24....hearing this put a tear to my eye. I've said this a hundred different times now but never in all my 29 years of gaming have I cheered on a cast of characters to win and survive like those in mass effect.
I hope they have fixed the mobility, with which they put the mobility of the 3 in the 1 I am satisfied, and the powers were of little use, you can improve the mechanics a lot
Zaeed!
Should I fake my death or fake a kidnapping so I could have time to play when it comes out? Just curious
Much excite.
Individual skill cool down please???
INB4 "the models look tired."  Ngl, kinda want mp mode. LE is both stunning and makes me hunger for a taste of old times, but I still kinda want multiplayer mode.
The music goes perfectly with this trailer
Tali's booty is even more graphically enhanced. Worth the price of admission alone.
Shut up and take my money 💰
NINTENDO SWITCH please!
When even Admiral Anderson's face starts to look decent, you know they did well
This is gonna be so awesome! Now if they have added an option to have the helmet not show up in cutscenes, like they did later in ME 3 for all the games, I'll be very happy!
I heard the trilogy remaster will have less sexualised camera Angles..we wanted Miranda's ass in 4k
ResidentSleeper
Now just give us the multiplayer
No multiplayer  = poop
🤩🤩😍😍😍
Prayers for the wicked must not be forsaken 🙏
My body is ready!
I never really realized how much of the game I played was so dark tell this trailer
한글은???
good god, JUST INJECT IT INTO MY VEINS ALREADY!!!!!!!!
Oh Bioware, there was no need for the quotes. You got me at the suicide mission theme.
So what idiot is stupid enough to pay EA $60.00 when they can just buy all 4 mass effect games for under $20.00 then download a mod on nexus for all three original games and get the exact same Beautification or better?
I wonder how much they changed?
will this have a physical box for the pc version
It's like a new flavour of crisps that i haven't liked in 15 years
I'm impressed by how good the original looks!
What will Andromeda look like remastered?????
Why isn’t this on Switch? Seriously
❤️❤️❤️
Is it just me or does it not look THAT much better?
Woah woah, you mean EA is doing something right? There has to be a catch here...
It's very nice.
Guess I'll be sticking to the three Mass Effect games I already have. The improvement here isn't as good as I thought it would be. A remaster would've been much better but sure here's a cash grab to also build hype again for Mass Effect 4.
Now if only they'ed also add the multiplayer from ME3 as well....>.>
Have never in my life so looked forward to hearing someone singing Gilbert & Sullivan
I'll catch it on a sale.
I am so getting this for my new gaming PC I am building.
Not enough butt shots.  Hard pass.
They really nailed the eye lines, even in the original. Who knows why they had such a hard time in Andromeda.
Can’t wait to get this beautiful remaster...      Also looking forward Digital Foundry review this gem..
To this day, Suicide Mission is still just as rousing and remains one of the best pieces of music to come out of the ME trilogy.
It looks so much nicer but the real question is, have they figured out how to write a decent ending yet?
Playing the closing credits of ME 1 cause vibes
"Eye Shader Improvements" = "I have special eyes."  It's all come full-circle.
I just froze. gawking lol
Did they improve the UI?
Looks promising. I've been waiting for a chance to show ME Trilogy to my wife, but was afraid ME1 will be way to old for her to get immersed, so Legendary Edition is a perfect opportunity. A have high hopes for you, lads!
My most loved game of all time!!! Thank you for best adventure of my life Bioware.
Am I the only one who thinks Liara looks strangely glossy now.
Okay maybe I missed something  is this all 3? And does it include any extras like dlc's or is that going to be an extra charge again?  If so I'm definitely getting it. Honestly I would have liked it to be a whole different story, but still my favorite game.
12 years ago I had all the time in the world to play now not so much. 60 bucks though? I think not. Hard pass for me.
😭 I can’t wait
When I first heard what they were saying about the graphics I was skeptical. Now I'm sold.
Mass Effect: Lens flare edition! You guys had one shot to reimagine the last great series you'll ever develop and what we got was lighting changes.
Shouldn’t have used the Frostbite engine for Andromeda.
Hell yeah!
A lot of this crap just looks different--not necessarily better. Thanks for the free games, though!
You’re not going to hurt my feelings again. I’ll wait 9 months after release to see if I’ll buy.
You better not fuck this one up. I'm serious bros. You cannot afford to muck up this remaaster!
wow the original looked GOOD!
Looking good so far. Hopefully it delivers.
Why does this actually look worse
But the question is have you retool the controls you've taken all of the control s from Mass effect 3 and 1 because the controls are clunky as shit
Mass Effect: Recalibrated
SILENCE HUMAN AND RECEIVE MY CREDIT CHIT
Guess I can play it one mo'gin!
I can't wait, I need this already!!
So what about the player vs computer team missions?  Is that opening back up?  I miss that.
1:10 Legendary
The problem of the new high-res and brighter game is that now we can fully enjoy the vast spectrum of fundamental flaws of these series' graphics. Developers just cant stop trying to kill these series
Hmmm. Doesn't even look much better.
IMO, it actually looks worse.
21:9 Utrawide support?
Regardless of the crap Im gonna get here - No! The warmer tone of the original looks much better than the high-res over-the-top-brightened scenes of the new one. Go home EA, you drunk
Oh yeah!!!!
Ничего не поменялось...
Anyone else annoyed that they show the remastered version first and THEN switch to the original
Can’t wait for this man... 30 more sleeps
Ya'll know what you're doing to my poor heart... I'm not ready!
31 days!!! 😍
I’m already sold. I can’t wait for my preorder to go live. 😁👍🏻 Just please tell me that the new facial animations won’t be like Andromeda. Please. 😕
I do miss some of that cinematic lighting, the higher contrast and longer shadows. The Original ME1 is very atmospheric. I can't deny the new graphics though. Tali looks gorgeous and everyone's armor, except ME2 Garrus, looks amazing. I still think Garrus' damaged armor looks terrible, even the higher res damage still looks like a shitty sticker.
Daaaammmnnnn......that drop on Ilos is gonna be *LIT!!* 🔥🔥
Seriously did any of us really need another trailer? We are all rebuying our favorite game again regardless.
I've never played these games. I only played Andromeda and that was for like 4 hours or maybe less. Talk to me about this series. I may actually play it. Please help. Gamers unite!
Anybody else ready to get depressed again watching their space friends die one after the other? I sure am
I appreciate that the camera is a bit closer to the player. Subtle, but nice to see
As a PC player... this just isn't that impressive when compared to the modded versions of these games. But it's better than nothing.
But all the same, I will miss the addition about the arena, where the apartment was also given... ☹️
Not a fan of new Femshep character model. The jawline is so angular it looks too cartoonist compared to everything else.
hopefully this revitalizes the franchise
who else playing this with the collectors edition helmet on
They should have taken the effort and time spent on this and put it into ME 4.  That's the game we REALLY want.
Probably play the 1st and 2nd stories, and the 3rd co-op.   ...they are doing the co-op for 3, right?
Will these be 60fps????
Looks good, I will be getting it.
Oh wow it looks really good!
This looks so good. I cannot wait for release
Oh gah. So bright.
the facceessssss yes thank you.
Is it just me or has the remaster the problem of “mood” change? Have the feeling that the old light system is the better one. Like changing for example the lights in Xfiles or so, that would ruin a lot.
Welp, you got my money.
Great job! 🖖
0:37 you fuck up ash's face and advertise as if it's a good thing LMAO.
"We'll bang ok"
I'm commander Shepherd, and this is my favorite store on the Citadel.
Umm, yes, please!
This looks like a worthy revisit, and awesome soundtrack choice!
0:55 More BOOBs!
0:54 hell yes better boob textures
0:57 TALIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
I’m Commander Shepard and this is my series on the Citadel
So you just applied enb to the game and want to sell it to me once more, I get it
This is really the only game(s) I'm looking forward to playing this year
Só vem!!!
What are the enhancements for PS5 teased in the description exactly?
New gen consoles: It had to be me. Someone else may have gotten it wrong.
So hyped!!!!
Pathetic cash crab. Fix the fucking ending.
1:04 the battle damage normal maps on Garrus’  armor look pretty bubbly... might need to take a look at that one.
Liara is absolutely breath-taking. Knowing that her beauty was created by  a human makes me question reality. I am in love with her.
This looks so good. I can't believe the first game is going to be 14 later this year.  Liara forever.  RIP Zaeed </3
Am I the only one still not impressed
Holy shit
1:11 Liara’s shirt got upgraded to include boob pouches
is this just from the first game? what have they done with 2 and 3?
Wow Liara lost her boobs.
Cool trailer!
The characters are so much better but they straight killed the atmosphere on many scenes.  What the hell
I preordered yesterday, I can’t wait 💕
I have ME1,2,3 and 4 and went ahead pre-order the Legendary
You've really got something special here to have a whole community who (myself included) is incredibly hyped for a game that likely many have completed several playthroughs.
Why does it look so much brighter and with flatter lighting? Everything else looks great but that seems a little weird, looks so flat.
Do I really want to slog through the entire storyline plus all the DLC again? It's a tough call...  Are they bringing co-op back?
Why is everything so much brighter?  The new textures with the old lighting would be the best mix
Lots of people will remember how it is to bang, ok.
#Tali2021
We better get a Tali in game face this time outside of the mask if you romance her in Mass effect 2. She is one good looking almost Human female in that picture in Mass Effect 3.
I'm commander shepherd and this is my favourite  store on the citadel.
How many months of development did it take you to turn the brightness up?
Excellent job turning up the brightness dial.
*EVERYONE LIKED THAT*
Yeah no sorry... thats nothing special (the graphical improvements).
Jesus effin christ, this video was completely unnecessary. Now I'll be counting minutes until May 14th. On a real note, an eternal thank you to Bioware for this. Still hard to believe Shepard and the Normandy's crew are finally back.
I like shadows in the original more. Lightning coming from screens on Normandy look great. Making Normandy more darker with those orange light make it feels so worm, almost like home. Light on Citadel look okay. Snow level was better. Thane skin looks phenomenal.
Some of the effects look "poor" in comparisson with the original, like the snow effects...
This is Commander Shepard, signing in. One more time.
Just make it so we can buy it from Steam and not need Origin and you have a deal.
Someone needs to turn off those fog machines onboard the Normandy
My face is tired
Now Shepard will hold so much more weight when he/she says... "Hell Garrus, you were always ugly. Slap some face paint on and no-one will even notice."
the only issue that has to be cleared is the number of bugs we'll have to face (I guess expecially with the first title). It's been a little bit more than 6 years since my last complete run, and it's a year or so that I reeeeally feel the need to play this saga again. I'm not entrusting anyone with preorder or Day One anymore, though, expecially - dear BioWare - after your last two titles. I'm just crossing fingers hoping you got this right, and waiting for the response of the first brave players who will dare giving you trust, to decide. Please BioWare. Please. Have this right. I want to believe again in you!
😭😭😭😭😭😭 mass effect 2 stopped me from commiting suicide. I was so engaged in the game that it kept my dark thoughts and real life issues at bay. I was 16 and going through an extremely rough time and mass effect was everything I needed. Can't wait to play through the entire series for the 10000th time.
I honestly prefer the original for the most part. Atmosphere just isn't the same in the remasster. Not including and improving the amazing multiplayer is also a big disappointment.
Imagine they would have made Anderson look like Keith David. They didn't show Miranda, because that'd be sexist and objectifying.
Would be nice to see some high FPS footage.
Basically, Mass Effect modded edition...
I can't wait to re renegade the reapers back to dark space
I need it
This makes me so incredibly happy 🥰
Anyone else get chills when they heard the suicide mission theme
And this is better why exactly..? At first I thought the ones on the left were the upgrade.
RIP Robin Sachs
art direction seems to have taken a hit
Meh....mods have done all this years ago.
This is my favourite game on the Citadel.  cant wait!
Honestly releasing this on PS4 and Xbox One is holding this remaster back! I know they going for maximum sales here but this REALLY should be exclusive on latest gen hardware. Last gen is seriously underpowered for 2021 standards, just look at Cyberpunk, and anyways these graphics are good (compared to original) but nothing special especially since gameplay is mostly a replica. What even is a remaster?? Just a fresh coat of paint :(
Oh, so you revised the original Liara model instead of plugging in the Shadow Broker/ME3 one. Thought it'd be the latter, would've preferred that. Oh well. Thane and Tali look spectacular.
Apart from the bright lighting on Eden Prime and Noveria, this looks great
Who else thought the beginning was the original till it turned to the original
cant wait for the mass effect VR remaster when they just plug your brain right into the ME universe...
1:11 I see what they did there and I approve 👍
In diablo II Resurreced Blizzard did'nt do anything to make orginal game better. Only visual improvment. I hope this remastered gives us better gameplay, mechanics & in game enhancement. Because 1 & 2 needs really work on.
I miss this game.
So hype can't Waint 🙌😎
Here's hoping that people who have the trilogy will be able to get this free. Sorry but I'm not paying full price for a game that just has 4k treatment.
And they charge 80cad for this? Holy fuck the greed. Grab a few mods and have them looking better than this. Insane
I so cannot wait for this. Even though it's an old trilogy being reborn. In many ways, it's like the return of an old friend in that the Mass Effect Trilogy was from a time when BioWare made a lot of truly great games. This was BioWare at some of its best work. :) Can't wait to play through them again in full 4K splendor.
Did you touch the game sound as well?
Now just add ME3 multiplayer!
I CAN'T WAIT!!
Original tones look far better though. Everything is too bland and bright now.
Please Bioware for the love of God, implement HDR on all three games!
Modders need to fix the camera angles so we get more Miranda ass shots.
I really dislike the new lighting for Mass Effect 1. Everything looks overly bright now
One looks better yet two looks worse because of the lighting engine, the zaeed scene really shows it with parts of his face illuminated out of nowhere.  Elsewhere it looks pretty good, really hope zaeeds face doesn't glow in the release build.
PT-BR subtitles, please!
I would love to see a performance comparison between the OG and the LG. It could be interesting.
Absolutely any shout out at all for the audio? Or does no one give a toss about it?
Thats impressive
Okay. This is great and all, really. But they really missed the boat in not calling it "Mass Effect: Recalibrated Edition". With a title like that, I'd've bought it twice.
Massive W.... Favorite game franchise, can't wait to play the whole series over again!
ME: Legendary Edition over my social life on the relase day: ASSUMING DIRECT CONTROL
Coming out when I celebrate Eid. Perfect timing ☺️
So, they made it darker?
THE SONG OF OUR PEOPLE!
okay but... Is the ending better? I'm not rebuying the game to relive the same disappointment that was the Control-Synthesis-Destroy ending. I'd rather just keep my memories of the story. Because that's what matters in an RPG, the story, not the looks or the combat mechanics.
Original had better colors. New one looks like they poured bleach on everything.
Huge ME fan here. Mahoosive. And that trailer just made me go "Uh.. That's it?". When you have to point out the differences, the differences aren't there to the degree that they need to be. This literally made me reconsider getting the Remastered version - and I've been looking forward to it since announcement.
That comparison from Tali tho. Lookin good girl! 😉
u are the best
Frick yeah
Very nice. Cant wait till i can play. Are we also gonna get a trailer with "Heart of Courage" before release?
0:56 More Detailed 3D Models 😉
My checklist: Ultrawide support Super Ultrawide Support for cutsenes too raytracing hdr flawless transition between games 7.1 sound support and ye 5.1 why not but u could atmos to idc
Vamos coño que lo quiero ya! 💜
I can't wait to let Kaidan die in full HD clarity.
Am I the only one who doesn't see any major improvement on most of this? Looks like they just turned the brightness up mostly...few extra textures on some outfits and that's it...?
Great work here! I'm so glad it's not a half assed remaster like so many remasters have been before.
"It's been a long journey, and no one's coming back without scars. But it all comes down to this moment. We win or lose it all in the next few minutes. Make me proud. Make yourselves proud."-Commander Shepard, 2185
Super Flat Edition
I just hope they 'remastered' that horrible photo of Tali's face in ME3.
But did you fix the ending?
More NPC's on the citadel please!
Battle of the Citadel ME1 recalibrated Suicide Mission ME2 recalibrated Priority Earth ME3 recalibrated Mass Effect Recalibrated Edition Ladies and Gentlemen
The dialogues alone would kill us. Masterpiece.
The first time I invest my free days off work completely for a game.
Сказать честно.по моему нас наебывают!не так уж и сильно потянули графику а бабок потребуют как за новую игру.ну фиг ли время такое
*Clicks* ...Loading... Me: I wonder if I still have my volume at max? This: *Immediately blows my ears off with the suicide mission theme*
shut up and take my money
I'm gonna enjoy playing through these games again.
I'll have to pass, sadly. I wish they ad PT-BR translations for this one.
But what happened to saturation and contrast?  I know they like to list all those fancy technology names, but what about vividness?  Some shots are more beautiful overall than the remaster...
Does 21:9 support include conversation cutscenes?
I just hope you fixed the Tali Romances and actually made a fricking model for her
Man, that "original" footage was definitely not captured on the Xbox 360. There were too many frames.
Best video game in history ever
Oh man the eye irises are really really effed up, beforehand they were the correct shape and catching light at an angle realistically, now that is completely destroyed and all irises look like a freaking balkanic easter egg shining in the summer sun.
This is relevant to my interests.
I. NEED. IT.
Is there a way to re-introduce contrast to the game? I liked being able to see shadows and the atmosphere the dark and light areas created. Everything looks so much more grey and washed out now.
meh
Looks bad but I guess I'm in a minority so I'll shut up.
This looks like a downgrade to me. A lot of stuff is "better" but the weird changes to lighting makes everything look worse...
“My name is Garrus Vakarian. Codename: Archangel. All around turian bad boy and dispenser of justice in an unjust galaxy. Also I kill reapers on the side. And you are?”
I'll take ME1 and 2 but skip 3 remaster.  Unless all the Nexus mods for 3 will still work with the remaster (Ahem...MEHEM ending mod...cough cough).
That was fkn awesome!👏
This music... I AM SO READY FFS!
Added effects? Great! Better textures? Great! Increased amount of lightning in some ME1 scenes? That's a no from me.  It's killing the mood/atmosphere with brightening up everything. I hope we'll be able to compensate that with brightness settings.
We'll bang, okay ?
Getting shivers down my spine watching this!
You humans have a saying.. "We'll bang, ok?"
It's alright, but again, scenes that were once dark and atmospheric are now bright and lit up.  You have to be very careful when doing these remasters, you cannot adjust the tone of atmosphere when touching up graphics and brightening everything up or else you lose a part, perhaps even a small part, of what made the game so engaging in the first place.
Unless you fixed ME3's ending I ain't fucking buying.
I wonder if they've nerfed Miranda's assets. Shame about the lack of multiplayer for ME3, it was the only good thing in that game.
Why does the lighting look so off? Some scenes look so washed out too
$59 bucks for a games I already ownnnnn ugh, I'm still gonna buy it though...
Assuming control!
1:36 thought this was my Shepard for a sec
Remember kids.. DO NOT PRE-ORDER. Don't come crying later.
YA BOI! SO EXCITED
Will the combat / movement of the first game be upgraded too?
I just hope it is still politically correct to punch that big stupid jellyfish nowadays lol.
Imo it looks worse. And if the rumours about making it more FPS than RPG are true, I'm less excited.
Problem is that this is an EA and Bioware title, so even as a fan of this trilogy I expect a buggy mess at release.. and a potential Anthem threatment afterwards as well. That said: I'd buy this trilogy for like 20 bucks or so. There is not enough trust in these two companies, and I am pretty sure I would regred paying more for it.. simply because of EA/Biowares most recent track record when it comes to such games in general.
The aliasing in the remastered version is annoying.
i have it pre ordered please dont let me down Bioware and EA
I love the way it looks now but honestly shadows and lightning are a bit too flat. It lacks that mysterious, dark vibe
Dupy nie urywa.
I'd say it generally looks good, but the increase in ambient light brightens every single one of those scenes and really kills the atmosphere. Why did you do this?
I'm almost in tears right now. They did a fantastic job.
Hopefully there will be a mod to make the lighting darker.
THANE LOOKS SO FUCKING GOOD HOLY SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
What is up with the lighting?  It is like they put a white light fog over the remaster :p
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
Naaaah original is better
I expectes more or im just spoiled.  Looks like Me with Me2 graphics?
Is the ME2 female shepard walk animation fixed?
Suicide Mission theme 👌 The peak of the entire series imo.
The remaster does not justify the price, looks like studio are too lazy to make a brand new game.
Half the original stuff still looks equal or better. Like I hate to be that guy, but I'm being that guy. And I've never touched the series. Other half looks great. Just there is some dark tones, atmospheres, etc. that should of stayed dark. Like take 0:38 for instance. A uniform with some wear & tear on it. MORE details to lips. MORE details to face. Only downside? Less details to eyes - and thats the original. Even the background had more detail. You've blurred out the background in the remaster, THATS A DOWNGRADE. Nearly every character close up scene, you blurred the background. So clearly whoever did this, has never actually had a face to face conversation with anyone in life or knows how eyes work. A person does not become the center of your eyes spectrum. Backgrounds do not blurr just so you can reshade/skin things on a character and deliver overall LESS. And again, the fact you've made EVERYTHING BRIGHTER, ffs... I take back my original statement of 50/50. 70/30. The remaster is only 30% better, but 70% worse. OOF
Ну такое, я лучше пройду лишний раз оригинал - один хрен вы пососную концовку не исправите.
I wonder if we will get a proper Tali'Zorah face reveal and not a Photoshopped stock photo.
Not knack 3 though don't care
😂😂😂 So they just made it brighter?
Pls dump BTC!!! I need a new videocard to see this!!!
Will it have mod support?
STOP! showing off!!! I want it!!!!!!!!! And i already have them! But i wanna play them in 4K!!!!
It is a pity that this remaster will not have Brazilian Portuguese subtitles.  It would be very well sold and increase the fan base. #MELEPTBR
Why does the Normandy need fog?
Can’t. Fucking. Wait.
It sure looks amazing and it's Mass Effect, but after Andromeda I swore not to pre-order again. Also I'll buy it when on discount.
i hope they bring mark vanderloo as old shepard in new mass effect game
Now this is a comparison video!!
Damn looks like my wallet is gonna be hurting again. Also I was kinda hoping they would maybe improve Tali in the face department but guess thats not happening.
So 90% of it is just shit we could do with ReShade already Cool.
I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite game on the Citadel.
Enkindle this you other remasters, the released screenshots didn't do this correct justice. Seeing it in motion, wow, what an amazing difference. If this carries across all three games (even just the lighting and added shaders), hats off. With the exception of beards and playable Blasto this is the Original Trilogy at its peak for sure!  Now the crucial question remains... PC or PS4 🤔 I like my lazy chair too much.
Notice how they don't show the rework of Kaidan, because they actually did not bothered with him knowing that he will never passed the first episode xD
PLEASE BRING BACK ME3 MULTIPLAYER!
JUST TAKE MY MONEY ALREADY!
It seems like they changes where the over the shoulder camera is.
Am I the only one who seems to prefer the lighting in the original shots?. Remaster looks too bright and happy to me
What about one of the most beautiful human body parts?)
* adds to list of remasters that don't improve or even maintain the original's atmospheric lighting and ruins the emotion of the scenes *
Thane looks best but Garrus could get some work on his armor.
The remastered ME1 looks wierd imo
For anyone wondering the music is "Suicide Mission" from ME2, one of if not the best track in the whole trilogy
is it too much to ask for a photomode :(
Can we just all agree the one thing Mass effect does best is the soundtrack.
Looks like shit. Good job as usual, EA.
"Game engine footage." So, that actual game isn't going to look like that, eh?
The graphical updates really aren't all that impressive, but goddamn I'd be lying if I said it wasn't good to see Mass Effect again. Just completely rewrite the ending and all is forgiven.
Everything is fine but please dont change the eye textures or give us at least an option for the old "eyes" to turn on
It’s going to be so beautiful omg
I see what they did with Liara T'Soni. :D
We'll bang okay.
I was sold when it was mentioned. Now you're just teasing me bioware.
Indoctrination Theory lives!
Ниче так, с маслом пойдет
is it safe to assume ms3 is gonna be untouched since all we have seen so far is stuff from 1 and 2
I can’t wait to romance Liara as female Shepard again
i'll keep with the original sorry Bioware i'm not buying your excuse for screwing Andromeda
never played this but thinkin about it now
WHAT ABOUT TALI'S FACE?
i cant freaking wait anymore
All I need now is the ME3 multiplayer be a surprise and actually be in it, and I would considered this the greatest remaster of all time, top 3 at least.
Garrus looks SO much better in ME2 now, he looks like an actual Turian now instead of a creepy skeleton with eyeballs and his face is visible now.
Ashleys face looks better in the original than the remastered. This really doesn't look much different
seriously can't wait.
Dear Monster Hunter Rise. Please sustain me until the time has come.
did they fix the ending tho?
LOL remember Anthem and his "Real ingame Footage" at E3?? Remember people and Be careful.
1:49 looks awful.. the scene lost all of its color and is way too bright
Oooof Suicide mission theme in the background *chefs kiss*
Oh ... great, now we see Shepard die in HD :D
But why you need volumetric fog on the Normandy? Its a space ship, not a forest.
So they basically boosted the gamma.  I'll stay on the original with a shitload of Nexus mods, thank you very much.
Am I the only one who can't see any difference in dynamic scenes? If you will not show it in split screen, in most cases I will not see any difference at all.
While This is better than nothing, the ME trilogy is more than worthy of a complete remake, maybe in andromeda’s engine. 🤷‍♂️
Better late than never, crazy they didn’t do this years ago.
I've been gaming since the mid-80s and the moment the plot unravels in ME1 is my greatest, most memorable moment in all of gaming. Protheans/Reapers/Citadel/Keepers. Just 4 words that mean nothing to a person who hasn't played ME..... but 4 words that still give me goosebumps to think about now. I can't wait for ME:L
holy shit
It's cool.  Not $60 cool tho
Two things I want to see in this remake that they have not shown yet:  1. 21:9 in cutscenes. Please BioWare, remove the black bars  2. Fix the teeth in 1 and 2. They looked terrible and had weird yellow spots. 3’s teeth looked more natural and healthy.
Holly damn imaguine with Xbox series x Raytracing integrated
Why does the ORIGINAL look better in every shot?
I love every change except the ones in lighting, how did the original Mass Effect do a better job at giving the impression that every planet is being illuminated by a completely different star?  Why make every level bright and yellow-ish as if we had never left the Earth?
where is miranda???
LETS FRIGGIN GOOOOOOOOOOOO! Eager to see more info/trailers about the new Mass Effect!
The textures are improved, but the lighting and blending are WAY worse. Good God, did they even make an attempt?
damn that lighting really makes a big difference. I can't believe how different it looks
the developers have no conscience
why does every remake and remaster have to mess with the color grading so much. the new lighting engine makes everything look too bright. I actually might prefer the originals. the sky looks so much better in this shot 00:14 , for example.
pathetic! they just added a higher resolution and changed a bit of lightening and call it  a re-master version and charge people $60 for something you can get for free on mod sites!
EWW CAPTIAN ANDERSON LOOKS TERRIBLE
not good enough..some of the new color palettes are worse and you want 60€ for this. Over 75% of the original devs of ME 1 have left the company and it shows.
175 dislikes (at the time of comment), who tf is disliking this!
I know he wasn't the most popular teammate, but I am so excited to spend time with Zaeed again!!
Did you really need to have a** as the first sentence? Without that one single insignificant line you could've had this a lot more kid friendly
The wait until May 14th is killing me.
It's tempting, but I'll still never install Origin/EA App/whatever they rebrand it to next.
How well can a 6GB 1060 run this? I want to upgrade before it comes out, but new GPUs haven't been available in months...
0:26 I was hoping they'd keep the dark ambiance in ME1, not digging this change 😞
The textures are barely, if not at all improvements from mods, but the particles and the environmental visual changes are nice Slight updates to 3d models are also appreciated
Спосибо BioWare разработчики, что реанимировали Шедевр Игровой Индустрии, приятно очень приятно вновь погрузиться, и что там какие новости по Mass Effect 3 коллективка онлайн ВЫ этот контент ДОРАБОТАЛИ... 😂👍
So just brighter?
ah man, I don't wanna play me2 again, I just wanna play 1 & 3
They can’t contain this hype train🤟🏾🤟🏾🤟🏾
Honestly, I love what they did with a lot of the retextures, but many of those scenes look like the lighting on characters has bleached them out. I liked the higher contrast, it gave it a dramatic feel. The scenery and armor is on point though.
I remember when I saw Mass effect for the first time it was the Microsoft X06 event in Barcelona and how I felt back then, I'm getting that same feeling all over again. Mass effect is my favorite game of all time can't wait for this.
Looks good. Except for Capt. Anderson. His hair looks like it has the same reflective quality as his face.
Really cool, a improvement for sure. However there is something in the original that looks better i notice, pretty sureit's the shading or lighting making it look more realistic or something. Remaster looks a bit over the top in couple of shots.
Скорее уже выпускайте ее) Игра бомба!
Honestly it doesn't look that much better? For example I feel Garrus' scar couldve been improved more. And I do not like certain changes to lighting, for example on Noveria. The original somehow feels more mysterious. Like gimme any excuse to replay it, and I appreciate them packaging in all the dlc's (its really cumbersome trying to buy them with the BioWare points nowadays). But if you run original mass effect on pc in 4k, I feel like its not that much different. But for consoles its obviously great, I tried playing ME3 on Series X and omg, it does not look good :D
Excellent video.  Very well made!
And so the Mass Effect trilogy become the best looking game ever made on Unreal Engine 3.  It was just a tad late to the party.
I should go.
Love Mass Effect. ♡ Thanks u BioWare ♡
My old friends 🥺
This is great overall. I love the game and you're doing tremendous job!   But a few nitpicks if I may...  I feel like the old lightning is way more dramatic: light and shade are more pronounced making colours really pop. It sets the mood really well.   The new lightning feels more realistic.. but kinda bland in comparison.  Also, sorry, but the damage on Garrus's armor looks just horrible. And not in a good way. Something's terribly wrong with the specular map here: it looks slimy.
Ok, nice and beautiful, but, Portuguese subtitles please?
1:09 mommy milkies
looks like shit
Just got my PS5 and I cannot wait to return to my favorite store on the citadel!
I do have a question: in 0:26 according to lore the surface is ice covered (the original) or snow covered (the remastered)?
What catches my eye is selectively remodeling based on later games, but only where it makes sense. Like using using Anderson's head model from ME3 for the whole trilogy, or back-porting the science uniform model from ME3. Plus adjustments to the environments, particularly Eden Prime and the Citadel.
Who said that brighter scenes are a better option? Noone. Texture resolution and postprocessing are better but mood of scenes is worse. Its just brighter, not cold dark blue as it was. In sum it forms a mood from the whole game so we'll see how it turns out.
Судя по трейлеру изменений на 5 копеек
They really be making my boy Kaidan even more fine but still telling me I got to wait until the last game to hit it. The betrayal.
The original looks better in most of the comparisons lol.
Thank you BioWare for remastering my favorite thing in gaming ever. For this, I am forever grateful.
Y'all forgot to show the Miranda differences........ What? Just me?
60 FPS??
Just shut up and take all my money
I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad they didn't improve it further (e.g change to Unreal 4). It looks better but still looks like the same game.
30 days 9 hours 47 minutes 3 seconds
I'm probably in the minority, but I'm a bigger fan of that dark gloomy setting that the original trilogy has. I definitely appreciate the improvements to the textures and can't wait to experience this game again.
legendary trash
Please put epic music like this into MS3 space battle.... the battle was epic but there was no epic music
Gosh ME1 looks so much better. Bioware really did a fantastic job making it look better without changing the art style.
One of the best trilogies I've ever played is back on PS4. The Commander Shepard returns!
Report to the ship asap. We'll bang ok?
Suicide mission is easily the best possible choice of music for this trailer.
Да ладно. Все же мы знает, что самое главное-это более адекватное управление мако.
To hear my Gare Bears silky smooth voice again in 4k. A dream come true.
Potato Anderson 🥔
Ебать. Оригинал лучше выглядит во многих местах
It looks amazing. I mean, the original looked really good for its time. But by the stars, I'm so hyped to play it an eight time<3
You fixed the ending though?
Hope you didn't forget to enhance the textures of the pc version, 'cause the scientific outfit in ME1 has burned my retinas forever
Lets be honest... We would even buy all 3 games as a Collection again even if they didnt change a single thing
🔥🔥🔥 can’t wait to actually get to play all the dlcs I missed
Oh god: now I'm in love
Did J.J. Abrams have anything to do with this ?? It just looks so bright... Make no mistake though I am extremely hyped for this!
Best. Trilogy. Ever!
Liara's outfit's changed for some reason. 🤨
1:15 the lighting here looks worse.   I'm sure there are other parts where the original game's lighting looks better.   In any case, with the exception of the lighting, it looks really amazing.
So, no changes.  thanks, but my nostalgia has done a better job preserving the memories.
Oh cmon stop it, one Month till release I can't wait
To those who thinks Bioware changed the color scheme a lot, I must say original ME1 has a very different art style compared with ME2 and ME3.
Glad they made default femshep look like the one from ME3, rather than a redheaded Karen who's perpetually sucking a lemon wedge.
I can't name a better cast of characters outside of final fantasy or metal gear solid
We can do it boys we can make it
And...this is all? Srsly? No ME3 ending rework?! No new (cut out) sidequests?! No mp, and I don't even say about refreshement!!! And you want us to buy THIS??? Better textures and models + lights (that is already in mods, lol) for fullprice for those who have all 3 games? As a game design student, I declare that it is trash. Hopefully, this will be your biggest failure.
60fps on console?
I'm turning brightness down.
Idgaf about Fem Shep
Супер, вот это ремастеринг.
ALOT/MUITM with Reshade is MUCH better........
The rework is nothing short of amazing. Can't wait to replay this!
Where's Miranda comparision?
each quote gave me goosebumps
Looks mildly worse and mildly better at the same time,
Pre-purchased already. Waiting for may! 😬
Thank you so much for doing this 🙏🏽🙏🏽
Just let me know when I can start modding the game to put back all those camera angles you guys removed. Need those mods to remove clothes too to make it perfect then we good.
They brought back the doctor who music :D
I dunno, the removal of saturated colours and deep blacks for a more flat and desaturated palette removes a lot of the atmosphere of the original. Many of the areas look better in the original, if not from a technical standpoint then an artistic one.  The texture work is very nice though.
thumb up only for suicide mission ost
Despite I autually like Liara's remastered better boobs at 1:10, I don't agree about Legendary Edition's change at FemShep's Mass Effect 1 default face, I think original eyes are actually cuter at 0:19 and 1:37.
This looks worse at best and sometimes indistinguishable. If you have to point out an improvement then it must not be noticeable to begin with.
Where ray tracing
It looks so good! BioWare, i would like to believe that you are going in the right direction and fortunately you give me hope.
I'll catch it on a $20 sale.
Bin echt gespannt darauf es bald zu zocken ❤
Ну и шляпа, моды делают лучше.
Specs please, wanna know where I’ll buy it
Look, just give me my game and Tali already. (and make sure to switch out that stock phone of her. Ugh)
I mean I had an idea of what to expect but I have to say I’m thoroughly impressed!
Monster Hunter Rise, Pokémon Snap 2, Mass Effect Trilogy Remaster, Monster Hunter Stories 2...my wallet...I can't wait to play this again though, it'll be great to play from the first game, I always ended up skipping it because it was a bit of a chore to get through gameplay wise. Roll on May!
Super impressed, can barely wait any longer 😭
Say it with me, folks: “CASH. GRAB.”
Can't see much difference in ME2 and ME3 besides improved textures. ME3 looks almost the same as the 2012 game.
I played ME trilogy at least 6 times and I'm still more hyped for this than any other game out there!
Cant wait to play, every year I create a new playthrough of the trilogy, and this year since the announcement I postpone until the remaster is out.
чёт я не вижу улучшений на 3300 рублей. какой-то мод на  хайрез текстуры с нексусмода. Пивовары видели как заремастерили Мафию 1? Или они онли хьюманс афтер олл и опять на них блеймить нельзя?
So is the texture pop-in issue from ME1 completely gone now?
I'm gonna do a hard pass on wasting money on this, given how 75% of the original staff who created this game series were driven out by EA by Mass Effect 3's release and none of the original devs will be getting money for this. Rather the money goes into corrupt EA management and marketing who drove the original devs from the company and their own game series.
Best thing Andromeda did for Mass Effect is how open location and mako looks like... Heart grow when i see this 🥰
Please for the love of gaud, please allow us to sell/omni gel multiple items at the same time either as an "ALL" option or being able to select many and then hitting it (mass effect 1).
I know the textures are improved but overall feels more like a reshade than an upgrade.
How about a new game?
Looks ok but it's a bit too bright, kind of takes away some of the atmosphere.
Ayyyyy black skin looks better yo
Visual upgrades? There are mods that do better job that this poor HD port
Reading the blog post on the visual changes, it's very clear that Bioware treated this project with the attention and level of commitment (time and $) it deserves. I'm glad that it is not a half-baked, bare-minimum up-scaling masquerading as some revolutionary new way to experience the content. Much like MANY of the 4k film re-masters that are done for classic films nowadays, as an example. Bioware seems to have taken the same loving approach that was taken with the LotR 4k Blu Rays, where the improvements were not just phoned in as a cash grab, but ACTUAL dramatic improvements.   I do agree with many folks commenting on the lack of shadows and the overall "heightened brightness" that a lot of the screenshots and videos have. Given the nature of 4k resolution, I see WHY they chose to brighten things up. And *because* this does not reek of 'lame cash grab' to me, I am going to go into the game with an open mind and see how it feels over hours and hours of seeing the differences. But I certainly have some concerns over losing the overall moodiness and muted aesthetic of the trilogy to a degree. Hopefully those concerns are unwarranted! We shall see. I'm excited!
YES YES YES!
Original looks much better at the half scenes -_-
The original honestly still looks great. Come back to us, BioWare ☹️
Shut up and take my money! I keep throwing at the screen but nothing is happening!
Not going to talk about the flat, baked in lighting or what they did to Miranda?
Ужос, лучше Скайрим взять (:
Players have a saying A game for a game A play for a play Bioware owes me a remaster and i plan to playing it
More detailed 3D models - Tali's boobs
Okay this made me want to play the original again for the first time
Nah I don’t like the newly lit worlds the originals lighting was done better.
I just need gay kaidan romance from ME1 :)
The improved graphcis look great, I'm just hoping you didn't remove the licensed music like The Faunts from the credits.
No Miranda's ass = no buy.
Using the best OST in the series nice \o/ Suicide mission is still the best climax in any game I’ve played. None have been able to beat it.
Just one more month!
I really hope there’s an combat improvement not just simply visual enhancement.
Where is pinnacle station???
C'mon it wasn't THAT BAD but still, so cool of them to show us every detail
I’ve missed these games so much. It had to be you, Bioware. Someone else might’ve gotten it wrong.
I can’t wait to see all of the companions again ❤️😭. This is one of my fav games of all time. And this remaster is not disappointing. Everyone looks amazing. Also can’t wait to remake my canon Shep again XD.
I'm glad for graphical reworking but honestly still disappointed with the rip off andromeda where you release it before it's ready and then dump the series because it flops
*Sigh* How many times do I have to buy this game? Bought it for the xbox 360 to get the collectors editions and then for the PC for convenience sake. And now I have to get it for the PC again? Upgrade discount please?
Despite some people may mad at Bioware for cutting some Miranda's butt shots in Legendary Edition, I am actually glad to see that Liara's remastered appearance is actually sexier than the original one at 1:10.
I wish they had kept, or left an option, to use the "standard" Femshep. The version used in part 3 never really appealed to me. Femshep 1 and 2 simply looked more authentic, more into her character.
Что у них с глазами?
I'm ready to start this incredible journey all over again~
Love it thank you BioWare. No more mods!
Why isn't there Mass Effect 3 gameplay? Right, because it's still almost the same game, minus the multiplayer
Probably spend the first hour just listening to the ME1 title screen music!
Mako now moves like Nomad? Nice.
When is the release date?
I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite game on Steam.
Я коммандер Шепард, и это мой любимый ремастер на Цитадели.
Why remaster ME if fans made it many years ago. Shame on BioWare.
I'm going full on white girl for this game. I like, can't even right now.
Oh man those 4K textures are looking real nice. Can't wait to play this
honestly,. their revamped lighting system ruined the atmosphere in the ME1 footage they showed. it gave the worlds and interior of the Normandy an entirely different vibe. it didn't seem to be an issue in the ME2 footage, so I'm guessing or at least hopeing it was because the games are running the same engine and they couldn't separate the ambient  lighting effects without heavily modifying it. Hopeing because otherwise someone purposely looked at what Bioware made with ME1 and decided they didn't like the dark space opera theme.
Can't wait
i see they made Liara's dress tighter
I was expecting more frankly from Bioware.  This just seems like a collection of pc mod upgrades and the exclusion of the excellent and addictive ME3 multiplayer means a no for me personally.
YES!!!
I gotta admit I kinda like the darker tones of the original game over the remastered one. Just seemed like they cranked up the brightness and exposure in the remastered though being able to see a characters face is nice.
I want this now 😂😂
Bruh what did you do to Virmire....  The upscaled character models look nice, but good lord you completely washed out all the environments
One huge difference between the original trilogy and Andromeda was how they undersexualized the characters in Andromeda. Old BioWare knew that players wanted to Romance super models and not generic looking people.
As expected the difference is the biggest with ME1.  2 and 3 still look decent to this day.  Also Liara has bigger boobs.
As long as i can tweak all those options ingame, i´m sold
This looks... Very bad, worse than I initially anticipated.
Will i be forced to use an origin account?  If so pass.
the feelings !!!
Where is the real Commander Shepherd?
Yeah baby Marauder Shields got a remaster
Would love to see a dragon age 1 & 2  remastered as well!
Looks wonderful, but did they add romance options to romance Samara? 😋
♥️♥️♥️
Why is there fog jnside the ship
Granted it looks pretty good
am i only person who thinks that original looks better?
Where did the contrast go?
darker original is better
With all due respect please don't change the gameplay of ME 1.
Cool guys don’t look at explosions.
The “suicide mission” theme tune made me rewatch this like 100 times on the way to work
I'm ready, give it to me
Or, you know......just download LOOT and not pay for the same thing again
I can't wait!
Hmmm, do I see a new hairstyle for femShep? Nice! I hope there will be more hairstyles for mShep too. Like, come on he barely had any before.
Mass effect: now, with the lights on
What if they did this for Andromeda lol
I was excited for this remake but... It just looks worse in my eyes.  Sure, it is technically better, but they changed the composition of the lighting and the choice of colours, and everything is too bright. I thin,k it has less personality than, the original Art Direction.
Definitely going to pick this up. The improvements to ME1 alone make it worth it. It's going to be weird playing without mods in ME3 for the first time in years but it should be fun. Looking forward to doing my head canon male shep playthrough and then doing a femshep playthrough.
fucking based
It all looks kinda flat to me. Mass Effect upscaled 4k texture mod with RTGI reshade still looks better to me.
Ive just started my first play through on the original bout a week ago  Pretty interesting game so far  *aside from black blobs of course*
and yet lip sync seems somehow worse?
I can’t wait! This is going to be epic!
EA decided not to spend $$$ and instead of transferring the game to UE 4, it left it on the old UE3 and it looks, to put it mildly, quite weak
Never played any of these before. Super stoked to dive in!!!
So unbelievably hyped
The soundtrack started to play and I'm just FEEELINGS. Aaahhh, it's time to replay this Trilogy again I suppose.
Are we going to see more female turians in ME:LE  now that we have female turian models (ME3 & MEA)? And will we have different paint jobs for the Mako?
Always nice to get an upload here.
When is it coming to Nintendo Switch ??
I buy it
should've left out the Zaeed DLC.  yeah i said what i said ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I do love you guys, though I'm mostly glad about the remaster because people can shut up about it now. I love that red Eden Prime and original lighting, the atmosphere in the OT but I'm glad more people will be able to play it.
I think you brightened some things too much, but I understand wanting to show off your work.
Damn, those little hexagons on Thane's coat are so nice.
Okay, this time i didn't cried hearing the Suicide Mission theme and... no, no, nvm, i'm crying again
Wow! 😭🤧 Amazing work!
1:10 that's my girl
Is it just me or does the lighting look worse in some scenes? Models and textures look great though
Yea.... I'm gonna mod this game to hell and back
Just remember true fans won’t skip the citadel elevators, and will always punch the reporter.
Lazy remaster.  You could play with 4k texture pack many years ago.
The last one looks downgraded
i just love tali's voice
Найс!
Will this have the ME3 multiplayer?
Why it has to be so bright and low contrast? It definitely needs some reshading
I like it but not at 0:12 the ambient light was clearly different in the original, dont wash out “style” for HD/4k please
The best trilogy of all time ♥️♥️♥️
Sorry but it looks the same to me... DEFINITELY WORTH IT
Best game in My Heart Is this 😊
FUCK YES HELL YES LETS GOOOO.
Liara - better boobs
Amazing! Great work guys!!
Im not crying - you are crying
Ok.... ok tali looks good. Just don’t mess with her even more please.
Can’t wait to play these for the first time!
It's amazing how you've managed to make the game look like I remember it looking through my nostalgia filter!
Imagine EA wasn’t so greedy and Andromeda .... ah nope forget Andromeda. Imma take this everyday over the next ME
Shit looks the same. Brighter lighting and slightly better textures. Not worth it. 0:26 Original even looks better at times
Original looks better...
Yes plz
I feel like Liara looks older now...
Graphics are better and quality of lighting effects are better, but I think I prefer the darker tones. A well lit Normandy doesn't have quite the same vibe
thank u for showing us our alien babes
Soul // Souless
looks like A Lot Of Textures + reshade lowering the contrast and increasing the brightness...
my god they made Liara even hotter
thane that was one hell of a glow up :O
Gonna have to go out of my safety zone and consume this product.
I just want to say thank you for doing this I'm buying this game day 1! Please tell me you are giving Dragon Age games the same treatment?    Also releasing ME3 multiplayer as as standalone later would be really nice too.
It’s enough to make a grown man cry... and that’s okay.
Hmmmm... WOW
Doesnt look that good
I like most of the improvements, but somehow i think the darker(original) fits more.
This gets me hyped 😍
I CANT FREAKING WAIT
something is SUSpicious EA is doing something good. *raises eyebrow*
I can't hold my excitement! 😍
Do you ever just fucking cry because of mass effect because i sure do
Neat
Não não não... Brilhante  seria ter legendas em PT-BR... não entende Protugues? ops... foi mau... esqueci de colocar Legenda no seu Idioma.
I'm excited for this, but this graphical upgrade looks to me like "make everything look washed out and less moody." Hopefully its just the trailer.
Remaster Kaidan got cuter ;w;
No thanks.... like andromeda? Naa nop😐🤨🤨
I can swear that the LE edition is how we remember the game.
These quotes alone made me want to go right back into ME
So happy! Now I need to only know if Tali got a facelift... of an actual face in the game.
Can't wait to buy it on sale for half off!
All this effort and 3 will still be the same half baked mess. I hope it's easy for the modders who have done incredible work to salvage that game to be able to get it all to work in the Remaster with minimal effort. Then I will buy it, for sure.
I'm Commander Shepard and this is my favorite remaster on the Citadel
Ok. I will be that guy. The original looks better. The remaster kills the whole vibe of ME1.
bruh
We'll bang ok?
Будет ли русская озвучка?
Ok this time I’m gonna romance someone else... *Sees new Tali model  *Ah sheet here we go again*
как раз хотел недавно пройти !
Just epic!
Hoooy boy, here I go paragon again
Don't let this trailer fool you. They are comparing it to the 360 version. PC version looks better overall than this remake. A lot of questionable artistic changes and some graphical downgrades.
Tbh graphic overhaul us good but ME1 needs a serious gameplay and shooting overhaul
Looks great so far, though if I've learned anything the past few years about this industry it's don't go by marketing material alone, so we'll see!👍
Es hermoso <3
I sadly dont have 4k but i will replay these games over and over and there will come a time where i'll have a ps5 and a tv for it😂
Now i get to see my boi Thane die from space Cancer in 4K yass.
Femshep is the most beautiful space soldier ever. Gimme those 4k freckles and ultra-high poly red hair !
Will all of the games be on the disc(s)? Or will it require an internet download?
Because making a good new Mass Effect game is beyond your capabilities, as Andromeda proved.
Pip👍👍👍
The awkward moment when you wow for the improvements, and then you realise you've mistaken the original with the remastered.
Shame we won't be getting the "Improved Skin rendering and High resolution Enhanced Mirada's Butt Texture" Jokes aside,I am sure Modders can be able to fix that but they better gave Tali an actual proper face this time instead of some photoshopped picture.
Much, MUCH, too bright compared to original Looks like we will need to use Reshade filters. :/ And no HDR? What gives? Is this a mod or what? Nop. Modders would make it look even better.
BioWare, you guys are doing an amazing job, I felt nostalgia watching this, and now I can’t wait until it comes out
You had to show Tali's beautiful butt didn't you :P Hehe can't wait to reunite with my girl Tali and my boy Garrus.  Those graphics look incredible.
now all we need is a F2P or full priced MassEffect Co-Op game with Andromeda type movement. F2P like warframe or Full price like OUTRIDERS.
How will the game run on PS5 and XSX? 4K & 60 fps?
Can't wait to play as Commander Shepard once again!
I need it
I don't neeeed to replay this trilogy for the 10th time....... Or do I....???
my alltime favourite videogame🙏🏾
Subtitles in portuguese?
Wait! Where is the side-by-side Miranda butt?!? It's a important ASSet!  *this thing is big*  Kaidan, 2182
I CANT WAIT TO PLAY MASSIVE EFFECT ALL OVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!
Yes
I’m really hoping there’s at least 3,000 gamer score up for grabs here (more would be better considering it’s inclusion of the DLC)
Am I the only one who prefers the colours of the first Mass Effect? The upscaled textures look good, but everything is so blank.
Too bad you guys pandered to the SJWs.
Can’t wait
and choose the best music for this trailer :3
Goddamn I'm excited for this. Bring it ON!
Всёй душой и всем фанатским сообществом ждём этот шедевр в новом обличии
Mind...Blown
I'm ready to get hurt again
You were born to do this
Спасибо вам за простой текстурпак, который уважающая себя фирма отпускает бесплатно в качестве подарка фанатам, и не называет это убожество "ремастером"
Damn Garrus, these are some good calibrations
no MP no reason to buy.
Hopefully the next remaster will be Dragon Age Origins.
Whoever decided to use the Suicide Mission Theme. Give that Man/Woman a Bonus!
So what else did you censor beyond Miranda’s butt? Is Tali now being censored also? As you can do a similar shot with her in Zaed’s loyalty mission
🌌ALL ABOARD THE HYPE TRAIN🌌
Settings.ini = Volumetrics / Fogs off 10/10
Okay... I really shouldn't buy this edition. I mean, I can look at the comparisons and see there's no visual difference that matter to me. :/
I hope dead space gets a remaster next and by remaster i mean playable on ps4
Is it like the Mafia remaster trilogy where the 1st game got the remaster work and the other two are more of upscaled ports?
I am so pump to play this again I love the Trilogy so much.
This is beautiful 🥺🖤
Suicide mission music can make buying milk exciting.
Does Mila Kunis and Seth Green get a bonus for the remaster?
Give it to me
Relive the legend of oommander shepard in 4k... I'm soo fricking excited.. Preordered it months back.. MASS EFFECT <3
SOULLESS
I am Krogan and I'm in 4k! Roars.
So just lets hope ME4 will be done by as good people who made me2, and hope that they will have enough time to do it right. We might have good ME game after a long time. Btw nice remaster, probably will buy.
Can't wait!!!!!
MINHA SAGA FAVORITA 👏👏
Где Unreal Engine 4? Где мультиплеер?  Нет! Торрент-эдишэн наше всё!
What are the odds this comes to switch?
Tali! Also man, Garrus' armour in ME2 looks far more damaged here than it did in the original.
This is very well done. I miss some of the dark moodiness in certain scenes but for the most part it's an impressive step up.
Some of it looks amazing, and some of it looks okay. Better, but okay.
Не стоит оно 3500 рублей!  Тем кто покупал все три игры в старом виде со всеми дополнениями игру надо отдавать бесплатно!
Just 4 more weeks just 4 weeks of hell
After time adrift among open stars, among tides of light and to shoals of dust, I will return to where I began.
Nice job.
... I’m in love 😍
unless you fixed the endings who cares lol
Please remake the third game. Complete oversight of story and mechanics.
Omg excited for mass effect legendary edition 💘💘💘🙀😻
I think I prefer the darker original lighting in some.
For once i'm incredibly hyped again by something made in Bioware.
Amazing work. Can’t wait to replay the best trilogy in games.
I expected more. This still looks like shit TBH
Krogan in 4k. That's truly epic.
looks better but couldve been much more for the new consoles.
BRB gonna go sleep till may
also it really shows you how dark ME1 was in places you can hardly make out details and characters
Yikes. imagine paying full price for this -- couldn't be me.
im ready im ready IM FUCKING READY
Great work on the first one
I tried re-playing the original, and it really didn't age well, so i quickly dropped it. About a week later, they announced the remaster. 😄
I wish the snow effects were kept from the original. Some aesthetic changes too look off like with Liara's skin tone.  But overall most of these are surefire improvements, and I'm looking forward to playing again!
🤤😍🤤😍
One thing we haven't seen yet is our boy Saren and how he will look now whit better textures, really liked him as a villain in the first one, but ofc Sovereign take the first place =)
Watched it in 720p for nostalgia's sake
"After time adrift among open stars, along tides of light and shoals of dust, I will return to where I began."  Such an amazing and appropriate quote for the remaster.
Why would everyone get so hyped about this?
Some stuff looks better some worse
I have a ps4, let me play!!!
I'm gonna be very emotional the day this comes out even though I never stopped playing ME 1-3 on repeat all these years... I'm commander Shepard and this is my favourite game in the Universe.
Bioware is dead the same as the franchise, just let the franchise die in peace.
Character models look great. Everything else.... ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Them new Liara milkers though👀
BioWare, please don't make us ASK for a new release and a return into the original story 😭😭😭 we can't get enough of it already!!!!!
Now I can just say Mass Effect Legendary Edition is my favorite game of all time instead of being forced to choose between 1, 2 or 3. 😌
EPIC 3.0
Feel like the remaster will only be noticeable with ME1 and ME2 and ME3 will look pretty much the same.  That said ME1 does look pretty damn good.
You had me at Mass Effect.
Well 1:29 is creppy af
God I’ve got tears in my eyes over a goddamn game trailer. I can’t goddamn wait for MELE.
Я как фанат доволен. Чувствую май-июнь не вылезая. Ух!
nice modd!!!
Amazing how the original still holds up in graphics till this day.
Very moist
Are you not ashamed to ask for that kind of money in the incentive ??!?!?!
Hype
If I had to nitpick, I am not a fan of what happened to Liara's face and Ashely's face visor thingy was better in the OG. Prefer the darker shade of it. Other than that, can I use an IV to put ME Trilogy directly in my veins please? Thank you.
Not that impressive or is it just me... love the series tho!
What worries me is that they only show an image and video of the mass effect 1 remaster and they don't show anything from 2 or 3
For some reason I prefer OG Garrus and Zaeed. 😅
i'm so happy i can play Me3 Femshep in 1 she looks so great
TALIIIIIIIIIIII
Read our latest community blog for more details about these visual upgrades: x.ea.com/68312
I just hope they didn't censor Miranda's skin tight suit or her ass because there's a story reason for her to be nearly perfect in looks.
i think this looks soulless. why'd you fuck with the color grading? the upgrades you've done to the character just makes them look even more weird and shiny.
Hearing the Suicide Mission soundtrack give me goosebumps. <3
where is miranda
I am beyond happy with this holy crap I can’t wait for this to come out I have never played any dlc or watched any dlc so a am very hyped
I prefer the darkness of the original, idk just makes it seem more serious. Other then that it looks amazing
Does anyone know if the ending to 3 will be different in any way? Because... yeah 😐
Man this is gonna be a long month. Can’t wait to play these for the 100th time
They managed to make it look so washed out and bland
if you nerved miranda we gonna riot
MERAVIGLIOSO!
Лайк не глядя за франшизу!
I absolutely luv this franchise!🥳🥳🥳
Not buying until you show me what have you done to Miranda Lawson.
0:20 Sorry to say but even the "remastered" female Shepard looks like she comes from The Sims 4... No love for her hair, either? :(
I wonder though how a remake would look like 🤔
Soon
😍😍😍😍❤❤❤❤, looks badass!!!
Mass effect =my soul ❤️
I love you mass effect 😍
Ok I get it. Just take my money
Am I the only one who thinks (maybe it's only here in the Comparison Trailer) that the hair of Shepard (the first clip) doesn't look so good that in the Original? But that Video is embarassing. Can't wait until Mai to experience the Shepard Trilogy in a new light for the 100th time :D
Very excited. Looking great!
<3
Ufff just a month 🥳🤩🤩🤩
My god, this looks absolutely stunning. Thank you Bioware
Ready to watch it everyday till the games launches
Does the orginal Normandy has now a toilet and a shower?
Uh I am so ready for this, booked 10 days off work for it
I'm Commander Shepherd and this is my favorite game in galaxy
Please don't screw this up.. It's my most known anticipated game of 2021.
Just... just take my money.
Wow, Garrus wasn't working on calibrations. This is a momentous occasion indeed.
Amazing
They really did a good job with this, too bad there’s gonna be stupid blind people still saying it looks the same. 🙄
Only 1 month.
Did they just turn off half of the shadows and called it a remaster?
So excited!
And all of this with the suicide mission soundtrack. AWESOME, im so hyped really ♥️
Watched on my 4k TV, looks beautiful. No doubts that this is a big improvement
Getting REALLY excited now!
10/10 Bang Bang 💥
Daaammm! I cannot wait to play this ☺☺☺
That Thane model looks absolutely fantastic <3
You don't need to hype me up more guys. I'm already sold.
Can't wait! Take all my money, my mansion, even my bat cave.
Not a huge fan of the new lighting model, pretty flat and boring compared to the original's
dont care about every1 else....i'll buy this game jus to relive mass effect 1
I can't wait to replay this entire trilogy and this time I'll be Able to play the dlcs to
Still ain't worth more than 10-15 bucks. 4K mods already exist and they are 100% FREE. And ME1 will still play like the ancient pile that it is, because you are too cheap to properly remake it.
Chills! Actually chills! I used to dread hearing that soundtrack, wondering if I did everything right or I was gonna lose one of my crew!... I can't wait to experience that anxiety again 😍😍😍
Please add brazilian portuguese subtitles!
whoever decided to use the suicide mission theme here needs a raise
But will it have a new ending?
I'm excited to play this game for the nth time but remastered 😤👌
LOVE THIS CANT WAIT!
Waiting patiently for a dream formed back in 2015 to come to reality
WE WANT THE CANON MALE SHEPARD IN TRAILERS AND FUTURE GAMES! STOP WITH THIS FEMINIST AGENDA PROPAGANDA
Damn. A noticable upgrade. (Also, can you transfer your save from the og games into the remaster)?
there's something so nostalgic abt the first mass effect
All the feels with the End Run for ME2. Can't wait to dive back into this trilogy!
Mi cuerpo esta listo! 😏
I'm crying, this is perfection <3
Calibration intensifies.
🅰️🅱️🅾️🅱️🅰️
some of these look like downgrades...
The hype is palpable.
Dayum this game is looking sexy
Well, shit. It actually looks awesome
Last chance of redemption bioware. Take it or leave it.
Best. Soundtrack. Ever.
Oh all the memories. I can’t wait to relive it all remastered!
Very Well! Замечательно!
Man I love you BioWare. It looks breathtaking
Круто ))
Great
Did anyone else cry or are you normal
Looks great!
Counting the day’s
Как же я этого ждал!
Zaeed looks awesome
Can’t fuckin wait
Literal chills
HYPE
We'll Bang to the comparison ok
Bro I though it was going to be like a huge change guess I was wrong tf is this
You're just as beautiful as the day I lost you
Вау, по-моему хорошо
Hell yeahhhh!!!
Couldn't click fast enough!
Insane how far mass effect has come.
Hypeddddddd!
I'm Commander Shepherd and this is my favorite store on the Citadel
"Beautification"
Suicide Mission = greatest video game soundtrack of all time
Please do not screw it up. Pumped for this release.
I’m looking forward to it :)
По зову сердца!! Прибыл БЛ!!!
Жду
Let´s go!! :DD
First
Can’t wait to play it again 😍
First
УРА
Woot!
