Your old friends Polonia Entertainment is full on the watchbait train... I found one on a DVD with Shark Excorcist (I actually owned that movie) and started down that rabbit hole.   Since Feeders they're making like 100 movies a year including Camp Blood: Clown Shark and Once Upon a Time in Amityville
Did they already make Shark-O-Lantern?
Haha I directed Amityville Sharkhouse
0:43 for myself
All these movies, Yet still no Street Sharks¿?
"Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark" is now my favorite RLM moment
*Amityville: The Evil Escapes* ("A haunted lamp film") is actually awesome and the best of the four released from VinSyn!
I am the real mike. the corridor crew guys and jimmy kimmel/billy corgan have attempted to abscond with my MEDIA EMPIRE. We are hoping to surprise all of you RLM-a-holics with a very very INCRIMINATING paraabnormal investigation! I am here at a VERY VERY haunted house. With a TESSERACT CHIMERA!
What happened to Josh?
Man you guys still got it. Dis shizfunny doo
There's a lot of stuff that fits in this hole.  - Mike Stoklasa
I am going to create a chart.  One one side is 100 famous horror franchises, on the other is another 100 famous horror and pop culture franchse and just roll dice for the movie titles or be real lazy and ask chatpgt
"Once upon a time in [...]", like "Once upon a time in Amityville" (2024)
Please make “Texorcist”.
Camp Exorcism 🤗
Actually my aunt translated and did the subtitles for Shark in Venice,for latinamerican distribution. She told me the movie is as stupid as the title suggests.
I've been to viewing parties for these types of movies, there is a genuine audience for this stuff, It's a very niche hipster crowd
Mike, those aren't new eastern windows on Amityville house, they are north England windows.
I kinda want to see Jersey Shore Shark Attack, that one got me it sounds dumb enough to be funny
Just checked Tubi.  Meth Gator is a real movie.
This was the most annoying p o s you guys ever did! Mike, you suck!!!!!!
11:19 Shuck...like a corn shuck.
. I. Am Steeeeeve.
when they showed ouija shark at first I legit thought they were making a joke of what it would look like with ghost shark hovering over the pool. It took till the second shot of it for me to realize it was a real fucking movie! ahhhhhhh what is this!
Amityville: The Search for Plot
I havent laughed as hard as I did as when i heard the title “the exorcism of god” i still have to come back to this every few times a month
please make more grabowslis
I actually saw shark side of the moon & it was pretty funny i thought itd b waaaay more boring lol
It's the year 2035 and we are still waiting for a photo of a ghost, or a video, or anything will do.
For every 100,000 of these films, there’s 1 future Robert Eggers working as a costume designer - I’m looking at you, yellowbrickroad
What was the name of the song at the end of the video?
The compilation at the end of all these “films” felt like i was watching a vine compilation. Like they all had that 2016 YouTube lighting.
you sit there and we'll sit over here why? because you're the star i don't want to be the star that's why you sit there ok?
The Exorcism of a Chinese Bookie was my favourite.
Tubi or not Tubi? Shark the Herald Angels Scream Tyrannosaurus Rexorcist The Scamityville Whore Roar
Shame this video dropped right before our movie Ouija Witch came out
Amityville Wet T-shirt Bounce-o-Rama And Hot Blackjack Secrets the Casinos don't want you to know...                 Amityville Outhouse Two:Double Trouble...   Sh*ts Going Down
The Amenity Haunting of Hill House vs Amazon Women on the Moon, You are welcome Rich:/ (the Animenityed series:/  )
Meth Walrus, The Heroin Humpback, The Ketamine Aristocats, Spiders, Mannn! and Mary Jane,     "You trip and yell Jesus Christ! and the demons are like hey:/ that's la- but hey are gone:) "    HIGHSCHOOL  "The SEXorcism of Cyber(god) In Millenium Mambo TWO the refreshening...tide" O-rama 3 the squequal. 4 first Rondo.. the Musical:/ (goes to Washington) The Next Generation UNRATED!! it's too hot for tv but its on tv
The Rhino Warrens, I'd watch that movie! Hippo Holes! The Elephant Catacombs....
Why would a robot have a nose ring? That's just stupid.
But Rich, why would Noah need to bring a shark, or presumably a mating pair of sharks, onto his Ark? Do you think sharks, or other aquatic animals for that matter, would need saving from more water? Or did Noah watch Star Trek IV and get so inspired that he invents transparent aluminium in order to contain a breeding pair of sharks - but just so he can feed troublesome animals to them should they displease him?
A popular term for these types of movies is Mockbuster. I learned about it when Sharktopus released
Who else thinks they must now do an Amityville in Space Spotlight episode?
I can comfortably say I've seen a good number of the Shark Movis on SciFi's Shark Week cash grab marathons lol
"Howe diddeet start?"
How do we get “weegi” from “ouija”?
Oh no you "ami-didnt"
The Conjoined Conjuring
The Conjuring of the Amityville Shark Exorcist's Ouija Board Poltergeist
One of these days they're gonna make Amityville Windows, a film about how those quarter-circle windows will cause any house they're installed in to become haunted.
9:56 - Didn’t notice for almost two years Sharkansas stars Dominique Swain and Traci Lords.  Interesting pair with only one connecting thread I can think of.
Ouija board was basically a party game in the 1920s. Nobody thought it actually spoke to ghosts. Was more like “the ghost” can say stuff about people in the room that wouldn’t be said otherwise. Like how a comedian can call you fat and it’s okay. The ghost can say whatever it wants because it’s a ghost. It took to long to spell stuff out though so then people began to pretend to be mediums and the ghost just speaks through them. It’s a lot faster.
I thought for sure Jaws taking place in a town called Amity was a tie-in to the Amityville stuff but it appears no.
Best of the Worst : Watchbait , an endless series
Amityville Death Toilet really got snubbed by the Academy that year...
Thanks for the shout out guys! I am the Peter Sellers of Accidental Exorcist.
MAKE SOMETHING NEW!!!! i already watched all these!
10:33 Sharkula is also a legendary Chicago street rapper from Wicker Park
We wuz Steven Kangs n shiet
my fiancee and i tried watching Doll Shark because of this video. it's about a guy in a wifebeater standing on a greenscreen
I like how many directors, writers, and other ppl who worked on these are showing up in the comments on THIS specific video. We got some great artists in the RLM audience.
RLM should put their movies on Tubi
The Sharkshank Redemption
For some of these movies, being mentioned in a Red Letter Media video is the most exposure they'll ever receive. Which is beautiful.
'I added some you didn't'st find" - Mike Stoklasa, 2023
"The Exorcism OF GOD" is most definitely the scariest movie title ever
House Shark
Rectuma. Story of a guy getting bit by a frog and his rear becomes a sentient murderous butt.
Is there a toilet shark or a bog (English slang for toilet) shark?
lol I love Mike saying "as the kids say FTW" when that's like 15+ years out of date at this point. Mike is great.
You wont get any and that wont change in January.  Biden, another bible basher who by the 'rules' of his religion should go straight to the bad fire.
Fancy pants Jay showing off.  I grew up poor, and we couldn't afford to pronounce the A in Ouija, but we could pronounce it as an E thanks  to government assistance.
Rich making a really corny joke and Mike saying "ftw, ftw" despite clearly not really knowing what it means is one of my all time favourite rlm moments
Shout out to Shawn C @ 26:21!
The Amityville Shark Exorcism
Dibs on the trademarks for American History Exorcist and How Sharkie Got His Groove Back
"you think i have time to watch all this shit" - man who watches an absurd amount of shit
Amityville Hex, as in hexadecimal code?  God, some nerd just blasted when he thought of that.
The accidental exorcist you have warm witty banter with a reanimated gina davis.
17:38 "Well you can't copyright Windows."  *Microsoft has entered the chat*
10:18 Rich with the WIN!
National Lampoon‘s Amityville, The wokening.
that amityville with the clock is actually kinda fun.
is it pronounced Sharkansas or Sharkansas?
first oujia board: 1886 in Maryland
'The Queen's Exorcist' would be good.
Mike: I didn't know Eric Roberts did low budget movies!  I know Mike knows this, but in case anybody wonders: Eric Roberts did over 700 movies to date. He makes like 30 movies each year.
If Amityville Hex really involves a robot, they were going for a pun on hexadecimal. Wow.
Please more of this! I love this kind of video from you guys. Going over the dumb titles and them all laughing 😂
This is what happens when there are no gatekeepers
15:16 I didn’t know Josh was in an exorcist movie
Takes me back to walking through blockbusters b-horror flick section as a kid… Teenage Cavemen , Blood Sucking Freaks, The Night Flier , Zombi 4… those covers will forever be etched into my mind.   Never saw any of em lol 😅
Conjuring of the Amityville Shark Ouija Exorcism: Even
7:27 holy shit that was hilarious.
16:00 - "American History X-orcism" !!
Rich's laugh is a joy and a treasure. Please more episodes where Mike and Jay just make Rich laugh.
23:01 “how many people have actually watched these” I watched The Amityville curse this month and it was incredibly bad, I am really curious as to how this actually pays off for anyone involved. It was on Amazon Prime, but I’m sure it was probably on Tubi as well. I cannot imagine the production getting ad revenue though, based on me probably being 1/5 who have seen the film
I wonder what Mike would think of the Last Podcast Episode on the warrens.
11:58 One fish two fish red fish blue fish
Rich has like ten million-dollar bad movie ideas just riffing in this video. Get that man a dumpy studio on the side of the highway in Redondo Beach.
Tex-Mexorcism, Shark-Cuterie Hoard, Hamlet-ee-Ville Gore
I could listen to you guys read lists all day.
Jay's hair offends me. I know I'm not alone on this.
It’s almost been a year, time to dispense with more Watch Bait, fellas
“Flick Bait” beats “Watch Bait”
"Steven Kang - Sharks of the Corn" wow
Mike mispronouncing "Sharkansas" makes me laugh so hard
Rhinoceros hole? *cut to Ace Ventura clip*
10:10
I loove those z-tier movies, they're much better than what you get at the theaters nowadays
What about a horror movie set at the dennys in Amityville. Call it “Moon Over My Amityville”
Rifftrax just released Ouija Shark.
How wonderful technology is! Seeing Mike with a bunch of printed papers shows us how wonderfully well technology has helped these talented and wonderful individuals :)
im profoundly grateful to exist in the same reality as these
It's almost a year later, and we're probably not that far away from an AI not only creating a poster for these, but also the "movie" itself
25:00 I'm fucking crying "ikeephearingthingsinmyheadtodothings"
Who else got an ad for Tubi while watching this video
I rented all of those direct to VHS Amityville movies in the 90s and have nothing but good memories. I just won't watch them again and ruin those memories 😀
.....why did the make me despressed...maybe its because i like movies and now movies have less thought put into them than tiktok
The Amityville shark exorcism of Mike Stoklasa
American Exorcism in London? Anyone?
Amityville: Too Bold to Flee
The Amityville Ouija Conjuring Shark Exorcist
“Elizabeth Warren”, didn’t sound right, I had to think and say out loud, Ed and LORRAINE Warren, 🤣
10:31 Pink Floydish.
God help us if Rich ever inhales helium.
Not Shark-ansas. Shark-n-saw!
Riches utter contempt for any paranormal makes me feel less alone
Speaking of watch bait. Back when movie rentals still exist and I was a little kid I wanted to watch Jurassic Park and at the rental store my mom took me to we both got tricked into think jurassic park 3 was the original becauss we didn't see the three claw marks at the end of the title on the cover. Needless to say we were confused when we started the movie
Never laughed at a video so hard in my life funniest people on the Internet by far😂
An important component of these Black Void videos is that Rich was clearly doing something else more important when they interrupted him to film it.
This episode has some prime-cut Jay guffaws
I had a dumb friend named Johnny who bought these dollar store films all the time, thinking they were real sequels. He would then get mad after watching them. He had zero understanding of how films are produced, or how to look up reviews, or why things are sold at the dollar store in the first place. He really was just a basic bitch consumer.
It's too bad Elon Musk and other billionaires don't do more useful things with their money.  So many of these stupid movies could be a delight if they had budgets over $5,000.
Jurassic Shark is a decent pun.
Tubi is an RLM fan's best streaming service
Amityville 1992: Its About Time is an objectively great horror movie. Not a dull moment. Haunted clock, possessed dog, haunted pulsating leg wound, guitar death, haunted dad, mega-hot chicks, a sink hole that looks to be filled with potato skins and lard. Im trying to recall if there are more people that are possessed or people that are not possessed. It might be about 50/50.
RLM - horrible tubi horror movies.. "Death Toilet". I had to bail 10 minutes in - watcher beware.
What does meta mean
“Do you think I have time to watch all this shit jay?” Yes you do Mike yes you do…. Lol
Accidental Exorcist  "Ohh, oops."
occurred to me on this rewatch... if you use short enough clips of many different films, could you assemble cut a film just from little bits of others? just take all of the quick deaths and pepper it with someone like jay pointing and yelling, and call it "Amityville: killstreak"
If they invent a cure for male pattern baldness i hope rich evans doesn't take it.
13:36 pretty sure that poster is the same as the Shark Huntress poster, just with the titles changed.
the clips from Amityville in Space gave me PTSD flashbacks of To Boldly Flee
Global Star Rich Evans really killed in this one
The clip of Amityville exorcism, around 19 minutes, has audio from somewhere. Another trailer maybe. Any idea what its from?
Tubi is awesome....
It's just fair use.
TLC presents: My Exorcist — follow these 500lb people as they meet their new physical therapists.
Mike is truly succumbing to the alcohol mush-brain/is currently in a perpetual state of active stroke
The guy on the right sound an awful lot like v-tuber content creator nux otaku
The word shark has no meaning anymore.
Don't forget about "Handjob Ghost"
this is incredible please do more
Mission Impossible 9 also has Hayley Atwell.  Though seeing her does make me long for the 80's as she would have had a nude scene. and the world is lesser for her not having a nude scene in MI 9
26:26 iwantmylauren? You know it's good when a youtuber is in it
Amityville 4 has a haunted lamp.
There is no shark side in the moon really...matter of fact, it's all shark.
Where’s the list of Ouija movies Mike?
I love listening to these chads riff. "Innershark"
9:47
Why would shark want to go to Noah's ark? I mean I think it would be kinda ideal situation to just stay in the water, but I'm no animal expert.
At a certain point every media creator should ask themselves the following question: Is what I'm doing adding value to the world, or am I just making content? This is especially relevant in the Information Age when we can access so much media at any time that filler content becomes even more pointless than it used to be. There might have been a vague case once for these movies as bargain bin filler entertainment once upon a time in the pre-internet days, but now you can watch actually good media in moments, so why bother?
And the Starz channel showing how little they care about their customers has decided to air some of the post-2005 Amityville sequels this month.
The movies might be crap, but the posters have a grunge goosebump charm to them. Someone should compile them in a book
The least viewed video series and this are just “let’s make Rich laugh” and I love it
Sharkansah!
That final edit is perfection
Sharkgasm
I'm sure Tubi would be willing to host Space Cop if you asked.
Sharkula: a movie about a shark that consumes blood...SPOOKY
The director of Amityville in Space made Feeders
I so wish I could see the 5 hour brainstorming session that ends in Noah's Shark. Everyone who was slumped down in their chairs suddenly sits up a little straighter. "Hang on, is that... good?" "I can't tell anymore, but it's something."
Thank you for making fun of Douche Bagans and all his foolishness.
I just watched Sharkula.  These movies are terrible but I bet we'll have countless movies produced entirely by ChatGPT and Midjourney in a few years, and we'll look back fondly on the era of hopeless amateurs.
Can’t fathom how hollywood celebrity Rich Evans carves out time in his schedule for all these rlm appearances
Mike: "I didn't know Eric Roberts did low budget, that's news to me."  Eric Roberts was the voice of the cat in Robert DeCoteau's *A Talking Cat?!?*
"The Exorcism of the Amityville Shark"    you'd watch it
did uh.. did anyone else not know this video existed and just found it today
I can’t help but notice a lack of mention to “The Exorcism of the Amityville  Oija Shark”
The Exorcism of God it'd be the end of everything, it's over. Where the fuck can you go next?
welcome to scamityville.
Could anyone call trere movie "Friday the 13th"?              🍟-day
Watch teenape goes to camp you fraud hacks
This made me want to go down the Rabbit hole
I love these new "mike reads lists to rich" genre of videos
Fun fact it is illegal to mispronounce Arkansas in Arkansas, theres no criminal penalty, but still its illegal lol
Rich’s laughter warms my heart..
I was also involved with all these movies, just trust me bro
There’s a great ghost hunting show called “Conjuring Kesha” where pop star Kesha goes to haunted locations
Right up there with Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter is Pocahontas, Ghost Hunter
Saw the trailer for Shark Side of the Moon. Great title, not bad poster, awful looking film. I want to see it now!
this video makes me wanna watchbait
The Absolut Vodka bottle slowly creeping towards Tara Reed made me chuckle
My name is Calvin McCarthy, I directed “conjuring the beyond”  and “Amityville Poltergeist” 😅  Thanks for including me in your video❤🎉
I feel like the word, abduction is used in a lot of shit movie titles.
Watchbait 2! Watchbait 2! Watchbait 2! Watchbait 2! Watchbait 2!
Amityville movies are all depictions of everyone who rented, bought, or stepped on the property.  RLM should contribute their own Amityville horror film (to the best of their ability) and turn a profit and increase their following.
Y'all should read the video description. The last part is Rich Evans at his finest moments.
Tubi has great stuff... It also funds Fox News. When advertisers pull out of Fox's white supremacy shows, they take the money from Tubi's advertisers to make up for it. So, I do without it for now.
Amityville: The Evil Escapes & Amityville Dollhouse are both a fun watch.. Classic schlock.
There is a Feeders 3!!!!
My mind stopped at “House Shark”.  It’s not a shark in a house, but seems to be a shark that is large enough to easily eat a two story home. I also wonder how a shark can threaten a suburban home that doesn’t appear to be near any water.
17:55 I am almost positive that’s literally just a photo of a Disneyland Paris haunted house ride that’s been edited
The woman in Amityville Karen saying (right wing interpretations of) left wing buzzwords like "Karen"s aren't overwhelmingly middle class, middle aged, conservative white women is fucking hilarious.
Exorcism at 60,000 Feet - what are they on, the Concorde?!  (the service ceiling for commercial planes is 42,000 feet.  The Concorde flew higher)
The Exorcism of Rich Evans
Coming into these comments to confess being involved in one of these movies is like going on a true crime video and saying, "hey, I was caught up in that sting too!"
Love you boys
There's a werewolf movie called "Amityville Moon". I haven't seen it but I imagine it has shit to do with the Amityville hoax
This is the high quality content I want from RLM.
This vid made me think of a movie idea 'The Sphincter Spectre' a movie about a demonic butthole that acts as a gateway to hell allowing demons into our reality that the one and only Rich Evans has to Exorcise.Think Netflix would buy it....
6:45 Åh, Absolut vodka, gott! 7:32 the board lacks Å, Ä and Ö, WFT!
To this day, I can't tell if Rich Evans' "Comfortably Dumb" joke was a pun or both a pun and a double entendre about a certain critic of the Nostalgic variety
These movies have to be money laundering operations.
I'm so glad you guys are self aware enough to keep Rich in the dark about these, so that we get to writhe in pain while he laughs maniacally.
SHARKMA!!!
One of my new favorites RLM vids
Shark encounters of the third kind got me the most. I wanna see Stephen Spielbergs reaction to that.
Here for this.
The amount of time I would be willing to spend just listening to Mike list things is insane.
I'm a RLM fan through & through; however, I really don't love these..., "List reading," episodes. (e.g., Jerry Springer, etc.). It's just an opinion. I'm sure they're entertaining to some. Simply not me.
"Irish Exorcism" is some kind of gross drink like a Jaeger bomb.
They really breezed past the fact that there's a movie called Amityville Clownhouse. Because, I guess they just really wanted to cash in on that sweet Clownhouse hype.
how is there not a sharkshank redemption?
you guys need to see Streetwalker. it's an experience.
This sub-genre of RLM where Mike reads things to Rich Evans gets me everytime
i really love the long rambling description only to end with a diss that rich evans looks like he’s wearing a dead toddlers clothes
I'll put a dumb title out there and see if anyone makes it: The Exorcism of Jack The Ripper. There. Somebody figure out how to do that one.
When are we going to get Sharkula vs. Sharkenstein?
well hell they deleted my comment. i hope rich evans and mike have fun laughing at my future movie someday on this channel. hopefully it brings them joy and not AIIIIIIDS
You guys should defintely do the logobait. there is some funky movie called like Guardian of the Tomb or some shit and it has been on every single big streaming service that has tricked my dad and several old people i know who wanted to watch Guardians Of The Galaxy. Its cover is almost criminally similar to the GOTG logo. its wild how many movies try and trick you with the cheap trickery of low lit words and hidden in other words so TITANIC becames 'the true history of the TITANIC' and grandma ends up seeing some knock off with Billy Zane as the lead.
Amityville In Da Hood is hilarious because Amityville is also very much not a scary neighborhood! That also makes Amityville Cop a hilarious pitch for a movie by default
I actually live in the town next door to Amityville, NY and I'm currently unaware of any prison in Amityville. Whoever made that movie probably hasn't actually been to Amityville (probably par for the course with most of them). The Suffolk County Correctional Facilities are located in Yaphank and Riverhead which are 40 minutes and an hour away from Amityville respectively.
Even the Amityville house look sad at the state of it's name. Just look at it at 16:22 and tell me it doesn't regret letting those Warrens scumbags rope it into their scheme. The things even inanimate objects have to do for money in this world
I love when Elders give their opinions.  ❤  Bring out the skull vodka!!
Rich's reaction to Shark Side of the Moon was just wonderful. Jay's reaction to Rich's 'Comfortably Dumb' quip was the icing on the cake! Fantastic stuff, lads! 😂
I love that Amityville Exorcism has the subtitle: It Can Happen Anywhere.  Wait... is it not in Amityville?
Anyone in Kansas prounounce it 'kansaw' just to see if it pisses people off?
"Revenge of the Exorcist" makes me imagine that the titular exorcist is a serial killer using exorcisms as a cover for their crimes, and is potentially targeting someone who wronged them previously.
Ayyy my friends and I watched Avalanche Shark. It was bad. Shocking.
The Exorcism of Skunt Merik. Ouija Quarantine. The Exorcism of Tara Reed. Clown Exorcist. The Haunting of My Left Leg. The Girl With the Ouija Board Tattoo. Forgive Me Father for I Have Sharks in Me. Corona Shark. Invasion of the Amityville Butt Spiders. Ghetto Exorcist.
Surprised they didn't mention "Paranormal", I swear I watched like ten Paranormal Activity knockoffs in the past year alone lol
Just take a cute broad in aa bikini facing towards the shark and boom you got a cover.
There is no "AI", just lines of code pulling stuff out of databases, that's why the posters are all the same, assuming it isn't just one guy who did them like you said :
5:05 That's what she saaaaaaiiiid!!!
Accidental exorcist sounds like a porno....
So when do we get a "Leprechaun Vs. Jaws" movie?
I'm sure "Jurassic" would also be another watchbait title
Nice rounded bottoms
Shark side of the moon
Can't wait for Amityville Cocaine Shark Ninja Exorcist
There're quite a few people in the comments who've worked on these movies, which is cool, but I really hope someone who has worked with Donald Farmer pops in. We've all got A LOT of questions about that guy.
"we're not talking about UFOs, we're talking about something REAL, ghosts!"
Sharkshank Rebellion
That's ridiculous. Sharks masking up? How are they going to do that without ears?
Of course Jay would be familiar with the Emanuelle series.  He was probably considered for the titular role.
"Amityville on a starship" is basically 7 Days a Skeptic
I've seen more of these than I would be comfortable admitting to...
@23:09 Mt. Misery is another supposedly-haunted spot on Long Island. So I guess they were trying to spin up a Long Island-based ghost franchise. Calling it a mountain is a stretch, of course, it's near the high point of Long Island, which is a dizzying 400 feet.
Watchbait is an alright term, but I think "Flickbait" would be even more apt now that I think about it
Mike's video descriptions (I'm assuming it's him, such prose could have flowed from the digital pen of none other) are becoming an art unto themselves
Accidental Exorcist must be a very short film... "Ahhhh, ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh the-power-of-christ-compels-chooooooo!". Fin.
The fact that the house in Amityville in Space wasn't even textured is absurd. I've been using Blender for like 2 weeks now and even I could model and texture a stock house asset in an hour and  render it on my MacBook that doesn't even have a GPU within a few hours. You have to really not give a shit to be that lazy
Amityville: Anal Grannies 96
Parker Brothers probably don't chase up these ouija movies because they're worth more in advertising than as a royalty check.
This video truly demonstrates how a fast loud songs and quick cuts can make anything seem like a real movie
The poster for Amityville thanksgiving brings me so much joy. Look at that angry turkey lmao
House Shark is actually not that bad of a film. Definitely recommend everyone watch at some point.
I can't wait for "The Shark Conjuring Excorcism of the Amityville Poltergeist."
Poor Rich...he looks exhausted in this one.
this is an experiment to see if RLM viewers will literally watch anything and the answer is yes
# tittle bait .. no ? Vidi well citizens !
Amityville Karen features the wonderful Dawna Lee Heising aka Robowoman. The circles are closing in. We are all now Hackfrauds.
IDEA: BOTW: Amityville edition.
also i think when referencing to a human murder massacre(yes, including to starvation made by government), movie name for money, should be banned. but then again, i don't think there is ever made anything named the holodomor. maybe if someone would use that, at least they would know it.
5:12 when mystifying thing is not known in europe, or africa, the source of all long-time withcery basically, rest tell, and long history, its not real. like UFO is concentrated only on usa. usa is too young society, likely corporate origins.
Wow. Surreal watching this when I just finished filming AmityvilleNado
I came up with the idea for a shark/cornfield movie when I was drunk and high and then it became an actual movie. I was furious after I heard about that. Don't let your dreams stay dreams, kids.
If there isn't already a movie named "The Amityville Shark Exorcism" with a picture of a ouija board on the front then someone should make it. It should star Tara Reid and Steven Seagal.
Can't believe you didn't talk up Wissa? What am I missing here he has Palace & Bournemouth at home and Everton/Forest in next five, is getting returns and mins.
Something about these kinds of less-than-zero budget, not-real-movies movies always makes me nauseous. Even just looking at this many of the posters.
For you low budget movie fans, couple friends of mine worked on Piglady just came out yesterday, give it a go!!!!!! It's a slasher based on true events. Leave a review and much appreciated!!
Tubi or Not Tubi?  THAT is the question.
An Irish exorcism is when the demon leaves without telling anyone
Very cool
Some of these catchphrases are gold too.
Time to show my age here. Is it just me, or does that guy in the Amittyville Death Toilet clip at the end look like Spoony with a fake Hitler mustache on?
all the amytiville titles reminded me of the foamy the squirrel bit "amytiville toaster" where he buys a haunted toaster 😂 man i havent thought about that series in years lol
red letter exorcism  red shark media....
Amity Island is also named after Amityville, though it's more likely located in the place of Chappaquiddick.
idk i think Sharks of the Corn sounds aMAIZEing
I love how a video about making fun of low budget movies that may or may not be trying to rip off proper films has a comment section full of people proudly announcing which ones they wrote. This community is great.
1 Shark, 2 Shark Sky Shark, Land Shark
WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT UFOS WE'RE TALKING ABOUT SOMETHING THAT'S REAL, GHOSTS
i've literally watched yesterday noah's shark, shark side of the moon, and titanic 666, oh and jaws of los angeles :D
I love these videos against the black bluedrop.
I feel like these guys gotta review each and every one of these, or someone can start a YouTube channel reviewing this crap haha
i want to apologise to rlm, as my mother is one of the people keeping this industry alive. once a week she'll tell me about the latest amityville exorcist ghost shark movie that shes watched and how it was sooooo good and creepy. She will continue to justify their $20 budget choices.
11:58 the way Mike reads these ones sounds like a Doctor Seuss book.
I think the boys need to start making these movies.
Parasharkapocalypavillesist
Once while violently hungover I watched Platoon on TV and the whole time I was like 'wow this movie sucks ass why is it so famous' and at the end it showed the title again and it was 'the PLATOON leader'
I can't believe Amityville Death Toilet has one of the most gorgeous movie posters of the past decade.
16:38 *NO WAY that plane has ability to go to 60,000. Only Concorde was able to go that high (commercial planes).*
Oui = french; ja = german. Wonder if there is a "yes yes" board movie...
3:10 Famous ghost hunter, Elizabeth Warren. 😆
Shark Exorcist sounds interesting. I hope they will watch it one day.
Should have been Shark Encounters of the Shark Kind
You should have put Space Cop or Citizen Kane at the end montage. That would have been hilarious
So does someone have a worked out timeline continuity for all the Amityville movies?
Amityville in the hooouse.
That was some pretty scary found footage!
Amityville Rich Evans
„Paranormal“ is also one of these generic title words that pops up a lot while browsing through the horror section. Paranormal grave encounters…
Guys it’s been a stressful week. Can we get a new half in the bag?
"the exorcism of god" is such a weird and interesting concept, im sure the movie lives up to my expectations
I'm obsessed with the number of people in these comments who wrote or starred in so many of these films
wouldn't it be Sharkansas and not Sharkansas?
Pretty sure it’s pronounced Skarkansas, not Sharkansas.
Wait, hold on.... STOP!!!  Can we go back to ‘HOUSE SHARK’ for a minute?  By the beard of Zeus!!
Mike saying "FTW as the kids say today" is so entirely out of touch and on the border of elderly thinking that it's palpably ironic.
Amityville Karen! directed by youtuber @coolduder. Now i gotta watch this.
OMGAUUUUUDDDDDD
The Amity Calamity
I think Accidental Shark is slightly better than Accidental Exorcist.
Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark. Now that is a powerful combo!
Amityville: ON GILLAGANS ISLAND...
pause 2:48
Demon Exorcism is probably about a demon being possessed by a human 😂
Rich Evans is a national treasure.
When Mike said Doll Shark I wasn't looking and heard "Donald Shark" and o m f g.
All these shark titles, but everyone forgot the most obvious one;  Loan Shark.  Premise: people down on their luck borrow money from a local "loan shark". But once they miss the date to pay up, this "guy" shows up as a shark and eats them.
This is one of the most interesting videos I have watched in awhile and really shows the=state of media even though it’s a gag…
This says "Episode 1" in the thumbnail, I very much hope there will be more of these ♥
House Shark is incredible
Titles with ‘The Last’ and ‘American’… Please… STOP.
Hey what's your favourite megabloxk?(:.
_Jokes are now real_ .
An Uno movie will be a murder mystery or a thriller. "Draw 24 or die"😂
the gang reads names of things and is incredibly funny for some reason part 52
Zombie exorcism sounds kind of interesting.
For the algorithm
Oh gosh I forgot I watched Shark in Venice...this unlocked old memories I never expected to think of again
Surprised they didn't end up watching "Deadly DILF" (real... Tubi? Tubee? Toobee? movie btw)
So many of the Shark films use the exact same shark on the poster, and then a bunch of them use the *person in front of the bad thing* imagery. Those have to be AI generated.
It's so insane that they release this video right before Oppenheimer, which included a new Exorcist trailer. I wonder if they will comment on that in a future segment
Is Calamityville taken? If not someone wire me 10 bucks
I've never heard of amityville
The whole time Im thinking in my head “haha Sharksorcist” and then they hit me with the “Shark Exorcist” title
8:16 I'd love to watch shark conjuring lol
One time I made a movie called Rocky 666. It starred (stared) Jeff Walk. That's right.
Just so you know, it’s not “Shar-Kansas,” it’s “Sh-Arkansas.”
A lot more effort went into this video (especially the Description) than into any of the 'productions' available.
Great episode. Started watching "shark dark side of the moon." It's good so far.
Amityville Amityville
Looks like you can add another to the B grade Exorcist cash in films as another one just got announced and it looks awful.
I love when they cut to Amityville in Space, it just looks like the old Half in the Bag episodes where the cut-out of the Plinkett House travels around the world.
Amityville: The Rise of Skywalker
"Fits within the parameters of this discussion" is such a high-handed way to say thirty minutes of reading lists.
“Rhinoceros Hole,” the movie, will happen.
Amityville Hex, being about an evil robot, may be a reference to 'hexadecimal,' which is a convenient way of representing binary data in digital devices like computers and robots.
12 Angry Amityville, coming to a cinema near you
I want Shark Waters to be about an aquatic shock exploitation director
Seriously, was Space Cop any better than these movies?
I think Sharkansas is supposed to be pronounced Shark-Kan-saw (like the state Arkansas)
Ouija literally means yes - yes in French and German.
22:55 in a similar line of inquiry, I've wondered in the past, does everyone movie that exist have person who would say that that movie is their favorite. Of course I first had this thought like 20 years ago before we had all this extra shit.
Shark side of the moon 😂
is there an amityville oujia shark exorcism
Reminds me of “the return of the curse of the creature’s ghost” 😂
I watched Shark Side of the Moon with some friends. It's fairly enjoyable to watch with friends and a beer (or several) on hand.
Heyyyy, FTW was being said like 20 years ago.
The house in space looks like the intro to a Leo Vader video
Sharkenheimer
I watched The Amityville Conjuring of Jesse James once
Rabbit hole… I fuqn hate rabbits 🐇
1:40 Rich's disappoint is hilarious and on point...😂
FLICKBAIT  Come on, dudes.
I wrote Shark Side of the Moon, and I am so filled with rage… that nobody gave us the note that this is Comfortably Dumb! FTW indeed. What an honor to be mentioned in this video!
These two-bit hacks stole my whole idea for a YouTube channel
It's fairly obvious that the lower costs of high definition video equipment and the voracious appetite of internet streaming services for content make these schlock films possible.   (I use the term film loosely)
I wonder if they’ll ever do Nerd Crew again. Maybe they got all the anger out of them already.
What about all the movies with the word zombie on tubi
Weird seeing Alligator among the movies shown at the start, thats like a masterpiece compared to all those other films
I'd see Shark Conjuring at the cinema to be honest. Day 1.
My mom's friend briefly owned the Amityville house when she was a teenager. She went over pretty often to hang out and, as insanely paranoid as my mother is about ghosts, she genuinely enjoyed being over there
These are the movies that will actually be made by AI.
Amityville: mount misery road sounds like some exquisite bullshit. I’ve lived on Long Island my whole life, we all know the amityville story, mount misery road (sweet hollow road) is an allegedly haunted local road. I’d expect the actors to be endlessly lost in the forest constantly (I’ve been there it’s literally a road and woods that’s IT)
15:15 min. Seth Rogen made an exorcist movie? I thought Jews don’t believe in hell? Is that why he’s the good exorcist? So many questions.
Could they just put rich Evans in separate room so they can mix his horrible laugh quieter? Maybe in another building? In another state
This video  being uploaded is the most scathing review of mission impossible they could have done. I approve
No zombie shark? Honestly kinda disappointed 😂
There are some shit movies out there. My God.
Shark Exorist is a good watch
If I was a shark I’d feel like I’d be pissed
"You can't copyright windows" - Alfred Hitchcock
The Amityville Shark Conjuring Exorcist
Were there actually TWO “American Exorcism” or am I hallucinating?
Jay, please cut your hair :)
Houseshark is actually good tho
Isn't some of this close to copyright though? Like "star" and "wars" and both words but you can't throw them around a movie
Excuse me, but how the hell is Tubi making money? Who finances these movies and how are they able to even get distribution??? I can’t imagine the creators made much money, if any, right? I have so. Many. Questions.
A-HA! GOT U! YOUR DESCRIPTION HAS A TYPO!  U wrote how in the new MI has Tom Cruise doing... "STINTS".  Jesus fucking Christ - Rich Evans, the legend. Real filmmaker. "Just film it at night" - u dont even need to capture the stars, as they r dim and the lights on the inside r bright. "Amityville; the kitchen sink". Razor sharp intellect.
Thanks to Steven Spielberg and Michael Crichton, you can add words with dinosaur connotations to the mix, including (but not limited to): Triassic, Jurassic, Cretaceous, Saur, Saurus, and Rex.
the first 10-ish minutes of this video was massively enjoyable. i'd listen to them talk about movie production conditions and the history of the ouija board for hours.
Sharkebab. Sharkshank redemption. SHARKAAAAAGO! You're outta there!
Just hanging out here til barbenheimer
Calamity Amity: Scourge of the Flim-Flamity’s
If you didn't read the description above in its entirety, you're missing out friend.
10 minutes to explain the premise, like a true Red Letter Media classic!
the true massacre was them not realizing it's (sh)ARKANSAS, not (shar)kansas. Then following that up with comfortably dumb? I cried with laughter.
They mentioned Mark Polonia once, but here are (most of ) the movies he directed that were mentioned in the video:  Amityville Island, Amityville in Space, Noah's Shark, Cocaine shark, Amityville Death House, Sharkula, Sharkenstein, Land Shark... I want to say at least 70 percent of his filmography includes shitty derivative horror movies like this, and the other 30 percent are shitty *original* horror movies.
Acting like Italians didn't perfect this in the 60s/70s/80s😂😂
Shark Side of the Moon made me piss myself laughing
I have Best of the Worst playing on my computer in the background while watching this on my phone 😂
Thanks for the term watchbait. Good one. I recently did exactly what you did: Go down the rabbit hole of cheap horror schlock with Amityville in the title and at ten movies or something, i just gave up, though i did kind of enjoy Ouija Shark, because i just couldn't believe that cheap shit like this exists. I usually watch trash, even newer trash, to discover the pearl among among the dreck, that one movie that may be cheap but has something great going for it. I even watched movies by Andreas Schnaas. But not with these new school exploitation flicks. The comparison to clickbait is exactly right, these are not real movies, they are pure attention grabbers made for money, new school exploitation but minus the Corman talent factory. I'd blame democratization through technological progress. All of these 'movies' look like they shot them not even with an iphone. Everybody and their mother can make this crap - and companies like Asylum or Octane or whatever those 'studios' call themselves simply capitalize on this. The whole phenomenon is interesting af, both from a movie buff perspective, and from a more economical theory perspective. Thanks for this vid, and keep up the great work.
You forgot the classic 'Shark/Shark'
tubi wheel of the worst would be great
What I like most about this video is, I can use it to play with all the HDR and colour settings on my new big screen TV watching Rich Evans in front of the black void background.
Out of all of these I think Amityville in Space is the most excitingly stupid.
why you guys make so many listicles videos now, is it the 00s again and were no buzzfeed or something
Anvilityville...spooky anvils, Yamytiville....possessed yams, anyone got a video camera?
The description...the description...please send psychiatric help to these people, please please please
I'm reminded of famous rip-off trends of the past like the numerous unofficial Django films or Bruceploitation when after Bruce Lee's death cheaply-made martial arts films were cranked out starring "Bruce Li" or any name they could come up with that sounded reasonably close but legally distinct.
"Sharksploitation" 2023
Rich: "Sometimes you can combine the two of them" And then 'Shark Exorcist' appearing
Jay is starting to look like the 4th bee gee.
sand shark holds a special place in my heart. It was the first b movie i saw. Still rember watching it on my phone on the way home from the beach.
It's embarrassing how many of these I've watched. Me & my best friend get together, get drunk, & find the lowest rated tubi stuff we can. Sharkman.. oof. Guy trying to find a lady to be a mate for his son he turned into a sharkman when he tried to cure his cancer or something.
I just have this sneaking suspicion that these movies exist to act as tax write offs for more profitable films.  I can’t see how they could ever make money on these.
Jay’s hair is officially in its “Pervert who frequently jogs past the high school when girls track is in season” stage
Isn't an Irish exorcism just an intervention?
Why no Beyond the White Void?
Is this real life?
Can we have like ghost adventures review. Something extended and thorough
I also pronounce it wee-gee
@RedLetterMedia  the name "Amityville Hex " refers to hexadecimals which is like binary but instead of 1 and 0 its 2 combinations of 1-9 and a-f. I don't know how I feel about using my career in software to interpret a shitty movie from tubi. empty?
Rich's "Comfortably Dumb" joke was great, and even better that Mike follows it up with "FTW" -- Never change. Never Change.
@17:39  Jay: You can't copyright windows  Microsoft has entered the chat.
One of my favorite bits here - the poster for the Amityville Terror is actially a photoshop of an artist's render of the French Disneyland Haunted Mansion. I only know this because I've been looking for a larger resolution version of it for a while, because it used to be a nice desktop, but it was from like 2008. So there's several layers of copyright disregard going on here.
Comfortably dumb, genius
I feel like half in the bag should start taking place in the Amityville house
14:31 there must be a million "American" movies, too
The Crows Have Eyes 4: The Crows Have Sharks in Amityville
I really like this video! Kind of like a short best of the worst that covers a whole service.
“Shark Side of the Moon” being “comfortably dumb” to Rich was a good moment.
Mater Thespian and American treasure Sir Eric Roberts is now at 739 IMDB credits!
I don't see why AI is being seen as a threat these days. It's the only way I can make sure The Amityville Shark Exorcism At 60 000ft is going to be made.
we need a Mike reads King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard album titles to Rich laughing video.
Exorcism of Cocaine Sharkula
Here’s some awful compounded horror titles I came up with:   The Amity ZombiShark  The Exorcism of Jeffrey Dahmer HalloWestern The Haunted Cabin of Waverly The Nun: Conjuring in Space
when entering the amityville toilet you are obligated by law to say "SHEW smells like something died in here!"
Review Barbieheimer, you cowards
Can't wait for Sharkenheimer
Titanic 666 stars Lydia Hearst. Lydia Hearst is the daughter of Patty Hearst and great-granddaughter of media mogul William Randolph Hearst. William Randolph Hearst was the inspiration for the character Charles Foster Kane, protagonist of the greatest movie ever made "Citizen Kane."
As someone whose last name is Warren, that part three minutes in made me feel personally attacked.
Amityville Dead
Excited for Barbie review
Russian film distribution companies did this even before sanctions. They license european movies nobody cares about and give them watchbait names, even call them sequels of Hollywood films.
This description is unhinged. What else have I missed?
"Amityville Death Toilet" is in fact the name of my Death Metal band that plays exclusively songs inspired by episodes of Jerry Springer.
I cannot stop laughing at your title suggestion: "Texorcism".Dude...GENIIUS! I have always contended that the shortest pitch session in Hollywood history consisted of just one word; "Sharknado" which resulted in an immediate green light for the project! Well, "Texorcism" could rival that record! Both words consist of nine letters so it is a roll of the dice as to which would be fastest. ... Come on! "Texorcism" would absolutely be green-lit! It would go down like this: Producer to writer: "Ok kid, I will give you 3 minutes to pitch me an idea, then you get the hell outta my office." Writer: "Thank you, but it won't take 3 minutes." Producer: (perplexed) "Very well, 30 seconds then." Writer: "Gratitude, but still entirely more time than I need." Producer: "My, aren't we confident today! Ok then, begin!" Writer: "Texorcism" Producer: "We begin shooting NOW!"
I hate Jay's Barry gibb hair
I'm amazed at how Jay can go from short hair to long hair and short hair and back to long hair again, seemingly so effortlessly, the long hair looks good
you missed CRACKOON the crack-crazed Racoon.
While Mike was condescendingly lecturing Rich about who the Warrens were, he called Lorraine Warren "Elizabeth Warren" i.e. the US Senator, and I'm 99% sure it wasn't intentional.
Also, ya'll should review The Wall
Rich's Houdini reference really accelerates my want for Houdini biopic
It must be so much fun to be paid to make "Amityville Pissing In A Gaping Shark Cunt" or whatever. Like, you'd tell your colleagues at the Equinox.
Jay cut your god damn hair
The Shark In Venice dvd listing that it stars Stephen BALDWIN and Vanessa JOHANSSON... that's marketing
The Exorcism of the Demon Snakes on a Cursed Plane Over Amityville...  I'd buy that for a dollar!
"Steven King" killed me
Amityville Shark
They need to see Velocipastor
STEVEN KANG'S SHARK OF THE CORN
Review Sound of Freedom you cowards.
This feels like a sophisticated paid promotion for Tubi
Another good one is "dead" or "of the dead" in the title. Also "Jurassic."
Unlike this video, my comment is not sponsored by Tubi!
14:57 🙏
"FTW. That's what the kids say" grumbled Grandpa Mike in 2023
There's nothing more terrifying than Mike taking out pay-pur.
Noah's Shark is a 10/10 title
10:23 This kind of thing is why Rich is a National Treasure.
They really missed an opportunity with Amityville Vibrator to say "for God's sake, get *it* out!"
I can't handle them saying shar-kansas when it clearly should be sh-arkansas, my day is ruined
Has there ever been a a GOOD Amityville movie? Even the original sucks in retrospect.
We riffed on this bit at length in the old RLM Webzone now hosted on Tapatalk. When there were so many vampire movies coming out I jokingly suggested vampire snakes and somebody pointed out The Lair of the White Worm was an actual movie.
Is this some kind of money-laundering operation? Ain't no one actually gonna watch "Amityville Backpack".
Where are all of the public domain Disney character crossovers?  100 Acre Exorcism, Little Amityville Mermaid, Bambi Shark…
Thank goodness these are all digital. The amount of landfill space required to fit all this garbage on VHS... we'd all be buried.
I want there to be a shark movie called Shark Shark, where people are killed by a shark that has another shark in its mouth.
These episodes wouldn't have the same charm if Mike read the list on his phone instead of pulling out a folded piece of paper like it was 1997
A Talking Shark?!!! A Christmas Ouija Puppy Amityville vs DB Cooper
I love RLM
I can't believe they forgot The Meg, and Meg 2.
RLM should trademark and publish the film Amityville Ouija Shark Exorcism
I'm so glad I left the bar early.
Looks like Jim Wynorski, famed director of Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre, also made some movie called Death Stalker 2. VERY COOL
I always enjoy the ASMR of Mike's paper crinkling.
American History Xorcism
Amityville in space could be a RLM movie by the looks of it
WHY THE FUCK AM I NOT GETTING NOTIFIED ON THEIR LATEST UPLOADS? THIS HAS TO BE SOME SORT OF SHADOW BANNING SHIT!
Yall are gonna need a much bigger wheel...
Tubi does have a lot of trash horror films available haha
It's not shark Kansas. It's Arkansas. Have you ever heard of the United States territory state known as Arkansas?  Sounds like Kansas I know but just a little more effort mentally and you're there
There's one shark movie on Tubi that didn't get mentioned here, probably because its a horror comedy and not a purely intended horror, but it might be worth looking into. That being Bad CGI Sharks, which isn't a great film but it at least shakes up the killer shark premise by having it be about the making of a bad shark movie as two brothers try to juggle reality and passion for filmmaking.
Clearly 90% of the budget on this show went to the stacks of paper mike prints his lists on
Mike doesn't know yet that noone has used FTW since 2012
Not joking at all, that crappy Amityville 90's film with the haunted clock gave me a phobia of old clocks. I think it was the first horror film I ever saw, at like 4 or 5, because my aunt put on Caravan of Courage (the Ewok film) and that Amityville came on afterward and she had left me alone in the living room. With her giant ass cuckoo clock on the mantle over her fireplace.  Weirdly, I watched Aliens, Predator, The Thing, and tons of other great films as a very young child and never had so much as a nightmare of them. But that damned stupid haunted clock still plagues me.
No Loanshark of Venice???
"Sand Sharks" is actually something you guys should watch for Best of the Worst, it's such an obnoxiously self-aware Jaws-knockoff it's kind of amazing.
Tubi is wonderful unironically. AAA titles and endless schlock.
11:58 The way Mike reads the titles off sounds like a line from a Dr Seuss book
Now I want a Red Letter Media horror film, made in less than a day, put up on  tubi.
This was a surprisingly boring episode.
20:13 : someone need to exorcist those legs there.
Amityville: The Awakening (2015) *starring Bella Thorne*
Scariest windows ever?
This is the kind of bullshit my parents watch and i don't understand why.
Robot Ninja was pretty great.
The Professor and Marianne will always be more to us than simply "the rest".
Please do a Half in the Bag on Joyride
Amityville Deathhouse just has Eric Robert's voice. They hired some guy to be the body of Eric. You never see the guy's face. Just some dude in a monk robe going to town with a quill and paper. 😅
"Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark" sounds like a line from a Dr. Seuss book.
No love for the Mega Shark movies?
How bout a Great White Shark that thinks it a hip-hop star. We can call it "Sharkey Shark".
New Wheel of the Worst idea....
I get the title baits in calling things Conjuring this or that but Jaws wasn't called Shark.
That "Comfortably Dumb" quip was so quick, Rich is a literal comedic genius 😅😆🤣
fun fact: the cinematographer for Amityville: A New Generation is the cinematographer for the Dark Knight Trilogy and Inception
Hey, I'm in Ouija Shark and I just have to say it was absolutely wild to see my face in your preview gif on the trending page 🤣I now have cred with my friends for being mentioned in a RLM video!
Petition to rename this series "Down the Rhino Hole"
House Shark is bad. Baaaaaad. No word on Amityville Shark House though!
You ain't getting me with this shit again. I fell for horse ninja twice, I've learned my lesson
everytime you said tubi i was confused because i thought you were talking about Quibi. and assumed this was all an elaborate joke.
Amityville Rich Evans
I've seen almost all of those shark movies.
Shartnado
I'm 100% certain shark movies are an easy go-to because you get to put a lady in a bikini on the cover and it increases sales by 50%
A shark conjuring would just be people tossing chum in the water.
Someone should make a quickie DTV horror title generator, using a lot of the common words that were mentioned here. Amityville Sharkxorcist Clownoween The Ouijaville Horror Darknado Uprising
I'm surprised _The Backpack_ didn't remind them of _SpaceBalls_ _(The Toilet Paper_ etc).  Anyway, my favorite is _The Amityville Clown Shark_ and its sequel _The Amityville Clown Shark: Uprising_
Shhhhhhit, I got all excited by this video title...but I was blending The Void and Beyond the Black Rainbow together in my head! Both are excellent (god I wish more people would talk about BtBR, its such a goddam experience and lead in for Mandy)
But what about a shark exorcism in Amnityville?
Amityville in Space makes Space Cop look like a masterpiece of cinema.
This totally reminds me of the early days on the internet... the AOL dial up 56k days. Domain names hadn't been near completely bought up, but I wasn't aware of such things at the time... I remember thinking, "I bet I could put anything in the search bar, and something will pop up... I'll land on a site no matter how ridiculous the singular or multiple combined search words are being used... Even if it's just a place holder saying coming soon... I will land somewhere "
It should be called “Flickbait”.
Whenever Mike reaches behind himself and pulls out printed notes I know gold is about to flow onto my screen.
I did this exact thing last week and sent the list to my friend to prove my movie idea isnt dumb. They must have missed Menonite of the living dead....that was my favorite
I love you guys
so. who watches that shit. i mean i have known some horror film addicts who wahtch anyting and have a laugh. but making movies for that small group  of shut-in jokers is an unsustainable business model, right. i don't "get" tubi. i guess it's just try hard/vanity/fun projects done by horror film nerds who try to get lucky at best, make great memories at worst.
27:02 Buying that monkey's paw is really working out for Rich.
Im upset its not called "a vary Amityville horror Christmas"
Do you think half of these tubi streaming movies have a physical release?
Put a Dildo in that Backpack and we got a stew goin'!
Rich, ftw indeed.
The fact that all of these are on one streaming service is just hilarious.   The fact that this streaming service is free makes it even better.
My Pitch  Amityville Titanic Vs Sharkberg: the Exorcist is Conjuring Evil Deadbodies  The first ever House ship sets out on it's maiden voyage. However evil lurks as a vile Priest has summoned the evil spawn of a shark and an iceberg to kill the passengers so they can be raised as zombies.   Poster has the titanic with those little quarter circle windows in the front with a giant shark with an iceberg for a fin leaping at it. Great thing is you still just film the whole thing in some random house, you just greenscreen the windows out so it looks like the ocean outside.
It's just so implausible that these kind of movies get made and CONTINUE to get made.
I would watch American History Exorcist
You know Amarillo😂😊
travis walton made his phone call at my great grandpas gas station!
you guys did Rich dirty with that lighting
10:48 the fricken director's name in ITC Benguiat font because Stephen King used it. No shame at all.
Amityville spirit death shark Quija board conjuring 2, the quickening.... My favorite movie!
Best if the Worst: Tubi Special?
Tubi: You know those terrible no-budget movies they watch on Best of the Worst? Well that's all we have! Enjoy! (you won't)
I, personally, experienced a Texorcism when I moved out of Texas. But I moved to Florida, so it was a lateral move. Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
It’s too bad they didn’t see American history Exorcism
I always love when Mike pulls out a piece of paper and loudly crinkles it next to the mic.
I thought Ouija Shark was a fake movie you guys just threw in there, but of course it's not.
Mike is always drunk. He also bounces his legs a lot. I think he has a problem. 😢
What shirt is Rich wearing?
Amityville Karen sounds amazing. Probably could cross over with Amityville Vibrator. Is it crass to say I smell a franchise?
I feel insane hearing people talk about how incredible the Mission Impossible movies are aside from the cool stunts the last 3 were the most generically written things I've ever seen in my life. In Fallout every single bad guy/gadget/plot point outside the stunts is written like a spy-themed Progressive Insurance commercial where Flo lowers down on a cable to tell some guys breaking into a vault that Progressive has the best rates in the industry.
Wonderful episode guys. Truly captivating, and you showed us just the right amount of footage for these movies.
How about Shark Clown, Hilter's Ouija, Outhouse Exorcism, and Amityville Post-Apocalyptise?
My interpretation is a lot of these movies are trying to be the next Sharknado or Birdemic phenomenon, but we're oversaturated with all of these 'meme movies'.
Horror picture?  Snow White and the Seven Diversifieds.
They could really cut down on production cost of the "Mike reads a list to make Rich laugh" format by just getting a couple of clean laugh takes and editing them into the footage every now and then. He could be the one filming Mike. Hell, he wouldn't need to be on set!
absolutely crying with laughter
I hope yall keep making videos into your 90s
‘Sharkansas women’s prison’, directed by no one less than Jim Wyrnoski! Director of ‘Chopping Maul’ and ‘Deathstalker 2’… and  ‘Ghoulies 4!’…  And ‘The devil wears nada’… And ‘Alabama Jones and the Busty Crusade’ And ‘The Bare Wench Project 5’ And…‘Cleavagefield’… And… ‘The hills have Thighs’ (And many many MANY more awful films)
I can't believe these movies are real. The edit at the end had me rolling.
Ah yes, noted US Senator and Paranormal Investigator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)
At this point, Jay is not cutting his hair for spite.
mike's ghost adventures obsessions gives me life. its such a spectacle that goes largely ignored now
Tubi sponsored some content, eh?
gotta say I’m ashamed to own at least three of those Shark movies on dvd
Mike had shaky "I gotta go pee" legs throughout this video.
I dont know how they make all these films (all the cheap shit on Prime also), films that are new(ish) and modern (ish) look as bad as cheapo '70s flicks.   How do they make films looks so bad? My iphone could shoot better quality than whatever junk is being used to make all these "films".
Tubi or not Tubi. That is the question.
An Irish Exorcism is when the demon just leaves unannounced.
Shark in Venice didn't look so bad
80% of the budget of these films goes to the guy making the poster
Has there been a Sharky and George movie yet, the crime fighters of the sea?
Starring Shark Wahlberg
Jay cut your fucking hair please, please
Shark side of the moon is a winner 🎉
Id buy a backpack in the shape of the Amityville house for sure.
How dare you leave out Bad CGI Sharks (2019).
Who else immidiately went looking for Amityville: Death Toilet?
There's no Amityville shark movie, which is the only one that would make sense because A) Amityville is fishing town in New York, and B) jaws is set in Amityville
"The Black Void" is also what they started calling Mike's mind when the Dementia started setting in. "Watchbait" is the "special" theater Jay owns.  "Beyond" is where Rich is headed.
Okay, I want Amityville Outhouse for the next Best of the Worst.
There's a lot of garbage films that are gonna get more pricier as a result of this video. But I feel compelled to collect 'em all like they're Pokemans.
Jersey Shore Shark Attack is so brutally bad.  In its defense it exists purely as a way of seeing proxies of the Jersey Shore cast get horribly eaten by sharks. Which I did in fact want from a movie.  6/10
I watched Amity Outhouse and Amityville toilet, and they were both shit
Man that video description goes places
You all forgot the most important Amityville horror story: the Amityville Toaster, as showcased by Foamy the Squirrel, you put waffles in and you get a severed human hand in return.
These titles read out loud are starting to sound like lines from a kids book by Dr Seuss.
Ouija Shark is kind of amazing. Lots of low budget filler, but the ending was epic.
Having a barbie and Oppenheimer half in the bag would be the perfect redlettermedia video. Can't think of anything more appropriate for these hack frauds to review and make satirical and based comments about the irony of Barbieheimer being a thing.  P.s.: I remember Mike saying "we have such contempt for our audience." So such video is probably not gonna happen🤣
Jesus Christ I spat an entire soda out on my screen at "Exorcism of God"
I live 5 minutes from Amityville.  Let me tell ya, everything above Montauk Highway IS in the hood.
mike calling lorraine warren "elizabeth warren" and nobody questioning it was much funnier than rich mixing up ed warren and travis walton imo
Person possessed by demon: “Blargh” Accidental Exorcist: “God bless you” Demon: “Noooooo”
I worked on sky sharks for a brief period of time 😂
How about Arctic Shark? Scientists in a research camp at the North Pole find out a prehistoric shark has awoken from its hibernation and is circling them underneath the ice.
I've been watching you guys for the past decade, all i want to say is keep up the awesome work, love you guys.
Mike basically becomes a new being.. Sharkter Seuss..
The Amityville Shark Ouija Exorcism Backpack
TIL: Rich likes a nice rounded bottom
The best part about looking through Tubi slop is it’s the closest I’ll get to looking at terrible horror covers in Blockbuster
I was in Ouija Mummy. So cool to see it come up! I was the first death! I get a Ouija board thrown into my neck by the said mummy. Making it to Red Letter Media has completely validated my single IMDB credit. I am immensely overjoyed. I may even send some pizza rolls to their webzone as a thank you!
A friend and I watched Amityville Karen. It's a fucking miserable experience.
Doug Walker got ahead of Amityville in Space
the best part of titanic 666 is how they keep breaking the One rule about how the ghosts work with increasingly shorter times between death and posession
My comfort genre of Youtube video is Mike reading a list at Rich Evans.
the fact Rich won't let go of his Ouija Shark Ghost pitch lmao
I wanna see a fan made "Red Ammittyville Letter Shark Media Exorcism" starring parodies of our hosts and audio clips of Rich saying "oh my God"
Are the new chairs the new old chairs?
Another top grade episode.
Zach is something else 🙄🤬
Sharks of the Corn and Jaws of the Shark are both glorious movies, watched them both back in May.
This is depressing.  it's a day later and I don't think i'll be able to finish the video.
One thing I've noticed is certain movies get renamed for streaming. I found an awful looking movie at a pawn shop and when I looked it up, it was like "also known as Ouijarection" or some nonsense despite being like "Monsters Among Us" or some shit, I feel like there's definitely times where they pick up a generic old movie they have and just "oh well that was the regional name, let's change it to this topical name when we put it on shutter" and it's like, no one's talking about it, no one's looking it up, so you just have this weird alternate title on one streaming service
10:24 oh Mike, that was what kids said back in 2005
I can die happy knowing there’s an actual movie called ouija shark out there! 😂
It baffles me that no one was produced a movie called "Ouija Surf Board!"
0:00 Intro and Premise9:37 Things with Shark13:46 Exorcist/Excorcisms16:53 Amityville Stuff. To any aspiring filmmakers, these movies get made..
i love this new show idea of just reading lists to rich and seeing his reactions
"sharkansas"
Surely RLM could make a trilogy of movies that could become Tubi's most watched and highest rated in a year. Just have a word interconnecting them like Amityville or Shark.  The Plinkett Curse The Plinkett Exorcism The Plinkett Terror  Like that, but not as obvious. Just microbudget the fuckers out and sell them to Tubi, see what happens.
I can't wait to see An American Exorcism in London!
It always so upsetting when you trip while carrying a cross and accidentally exorcise someone.
How these movies are being made? I was trying to get in such trash for the third of my life, but got only in sitcoms, series, and educational flicks.
I just....I just love you dudes
I assume there's a gif of Rich Evans saying "nice, rounded bottoms" that definitely won't be used out of context.
you know when I saw the Ouija Shark clip I thought it was a gag as in there is no way that footage was real.
Best of the Worst Tubi edition when?
Cloverfield’s Amityville.
Conjuring too.
26:09 I laughed at this whole bit waay more than i should have.
Right I'm making the following film "Amityville Sharks and the Curse of the Exorcist's Ouija Board: The Reckoning/Redemption - The Final Chapter" and it's all set aboard a space prison, under the ocean and in Hell.
While Rich gets balder, Jay's hair gets longer. And of course, Mike's always the same, all perfectly balanced
Amityville Death Toilet looks like Deuandra Brown made it with her Diamond Cobra royalties.
5:05 thats what she said
I wasn't expecting THAT many.
I watched some of these but with Nun in the title.. Idk why.
but....mission impossible.....
What was the brand name of the clear beer Jay was drinking at 5:10? I'm desperate to try it.
Why didn't you call it "flickbait."  Simpletons.  Dullards.
The Exorcism of the Amityville Ouija Shark
As someone that has been trying to watch every single Amityville and Ouija movies I'm very happy the crew went down this rabbit hole a little bit. Amityville ones have been going for a lot longer not exactly sure when it really started going, but Amityville 1992 It's About Time and there's been a few others that I actually just love. So happy to see Ouija House and Amityville Haunting here
i guess now you have to check if there is a DVD of a film, before watching it on a streaming service, just because of the saturation and non curation of streaming services nowadays
This is the funniest and most depressing thing I've watched twice...
When dudes from Wisconsin think they came up with Texorcist    We’ve been sayin that down here for decades
I must confess that _"For God's sake get off!"_ got a very hearty chuckle out of me.
Please review The Flash
I challenge you guys to watch Sharks of the Corn!
are the new chairs replacing the old chairs?
Watch Nefarious Please....
the ouija movies probably wouldn't be as scary if they took the board out of a Hasbro box.
I watched Sand Sharks! I didn't know it's an Elemental Quadrilogy type of a thing, very cool. What was a surprise was that main character is played by CORIN NEMEC. My god, Parker Lewis, that is some drop.
By this time I'm getting tired of even looking through those covers on streaming services. In the past I could say that I love horror movies or trash movies, and people understood what that meant. Today you start talking about BUG, NIGHT OF THE LEPUS or PIRANHA, and for people under 30 that implies you must have watched all the SHARKNADO movies.  I'm looking forward to this Watchbait series, and I'll watch it like a documentary about slavery. I'll never have to experience it, it's bad that it exists and I'm mainly interested in it as a cautionary tale about the human condition.
Considering part of the title was arkansas, the it was clearly supposed to sound like shark-an-saw. Which admitedly is only slightly more clever.
A lot of these movies must have been made just for money laundering purposes,, right?
Shark is now one of those words that lost all meaning from hearing it so much.
"Amityville...in the house"
Love how the black void episode is sponsored by better help 😂
wouldn't it be pronounced "Sharkanzah..." though...?
5:04 “There’s a lot of stuff that fits in this hole.” - Mike Stoklasa, 2023
Amityville Conjuring Ouija Exorcism of the Poltergeist Shark, based on a true story.
For a second I thought you were reviewing "Beyond the Black Rainbow"
RLM has to be my most viewed channel but recently it seems like YouTube doesn’t want to put new uploads in my home feed
The only crossover I’m still excited for is Amityville and Titanic.
27:25 "Just film it at night." This is just one example of why Rich Evans is a national treasure.
I can’t believe RLM videos keep getting so high on trending, it’s so weird to see trashy garbage and in the midst of it a trashy RLM video
12:28 that's genius.
Is Amityville Karen the chick who used to be in KOA parody videos?  Edit: it is.
They'll put all this crap on Tubi but not Space Cop...
Yes boyyysss we are on trending 📈📈📈📈 Let's go!!!!
I love that the redone Amityville houses are mostly photoshops of Phantom Manor at Disneyland Paris 😂 17:52
I'm glad I stopped watching every shark movie
I love how they dont even watch movies anymore. Nowadays, we just read the titles.
Shark encounters of the third kind sounds like an amazing movie
looking forward to your flash half in the bag lmbo
Liked for happy Rich
Thanks for digging through this trash so we don't have to.
Watch The Flash, please
So many BOTW options!
I can’t wait to buy the RLM rip off of Dr Suess’ “One fish two fish” now cleverly titled “land shark, sand shark.” The book is about Rick evans deciding which shark movie to watch, suggestions coming from Mike and Jay. At the end, Rich Evans ends up watching no movie and instead has murdered Mike and Jay and burned the rlm warehouse to the ground. Coming Christmas 2030!
All of these covers seemed familiar to me for some reason until I figured it out.  They all feel like they're more adult versions of covers to goosebumps books.
Beyond the Black Rainbow x Enter the Void sounds fantastic. Would watch, 10/10.
👀
I actually love tubi! Black books, travel man, QI, and a ton of movies. So good!
Sharkside of the moon is a masterpiece
Night for Space
Completely random question, but does anyone know what kind of watch is Jay wearing?
00:21 *nice rounded bottoms*  I intuitively knew that Rich Evans liked em thicc
Rich can laugh only indoors or he's flocked by parrots ready to mate.
I want RLM to do a video on who is the best unknown actor in one of these no-budget garbage movies.
After watching and rewatching RLM videos so many times, nothing feels real anymore. Much like Ouiji. Or Ouija? What? What's that? Oh. I don't care.
Carrot shark! Stapler shark! Tax accountant shark! Tissue shark 2 - Wipe Out!
I watched SharkSide of the moon and I'm pretty sure they ran out of money by the end cause it jumps quite a bit and makes even less than usual sense at its ending
“Exorcism at 60,000ft” should be called “Satans on a Plane”.
Predator
I love you rick, Joel, and Mike
Champagne and Bullets(Geteven) is on Tubi! Truly a time to be alive
There should be a movie called “The Amityville Abduction” that’s an alien invasion movie and has nothing to do with ghosts.  Or even better, it’s just about regular old child kidnapping, but people go in thinking, “Is it a ghost movie or an alien movie?” Nope. Just about child trafficking. Because man is the real horror! Obviously.
I love how new shows in RLM are born from last-minute videos they needed to create sometimes. Pure gold
11:58 sounds like Mike reading a Doctor Seuss book
the exorcism of the amityville ouija shark conjuring
I think with the Ouija movies they might actually have an agreement where they pay a tiny royalty and get free exposure for their toy.
Here in Mexico distribution companies wactchbeit every horror movie title.
American Exorcist in London; trust me, its only a matter of time...
The best one at the end there has to be the "Shark Encounters of the Third Kind" astronaut death.
This is incredible
12:04 Raiders of the Lost Shark
amityville conjuring ouija shark ghost exorcism clown
It's pronounced Sharkansas.
I really believe that they made up Quija Shark and mocked up the footage, but then I think that even RLM would be too embarrassed to produce those clips.
Live about 1/3 from the spot in the state park they shot Sharkansas Women's Prison Masacre. We used to dress in camo and see how close we could get to the production. They never saw us once.
My uncle made House Shark and it was one of the first movies I worked on! I am honored to see it mentioned by RLM
Mike's lingo is now caught up to the year 2015
Shark Your Pants
I would probably watch Texorcism if you guys made it
I love this weird pivot you guys are doing into investigative journalism. The fake movie factory, the nukie collectors scam, and now, "has anyone clicked on these movies before?"
trash make in those 80\90s was watchable ... but now ...
I think I need to update my Pathetic IMDB page and just double down and be in as many of these crappy movies as possible. Just see how far I can push it and still have nobody know who I am. I find the idea infinitely hysterical for some reason. 😂
I am the guy pooping at the end. My life is complete.
Shark Excorcist in the Amittyvildren of the Corn ... IN SPACE!
Youtuber Cordz has done a number of rip off universe vids that go thru movies on Tubi  like the Conjuring and Ouija knock offs
Capitalism breeds innovation, yo.
Man, I just wanted to hear them talk about Beyond the Black Rainbow. Think Jay might have titled this one.
Any ouija movie probably actually boosts ouija sales, so I can see Parker brothers turning a blind eye
July 18th, 2023...#5 on Trending
Don Knotts in “The Wacky Exorcist!”
Regarding the posters, a friend found a movie with some really cool post apocalyptic zombie poster artwork. It turned out that it was one guy from Southeast Asia (I forgot the actual country, sorry) who made these beautiful pieces of art, sold them as prints, and also offered them as stock artwork. And a lot of this company's cheapy public domain movie releases used his art.  A couple of budget DVD companies I used to buy stuff from also used stock artwork, only pasting the heads or bodies of the stars of the film on top.
I'm hoping you find Noah's Shark
you know we're in for some shit when mike brings out a bunch of papers
Lets make the Shark Exorcist vs Amityville Ouija Conjuring
Conjuring Dream
I'm excited for Amityville (insert noun here)!
17:38 You sure can copyright Windows. Just ask Microsoft.
I like to think there is no way people actually watch these movies.. but they keep making them so there must be a market for it!!
So honored to be in both House Shark and Amittyvile Deathhouse and they be mentioned in the same video by RLM!
I'm forever living for Jay's Captain America hair
My favorite made-up sub genre is “the blanking of first name last name” movies.
Can someone please tell these gjys that a lot of these movies are made by the guy who made Feeders and Feeders 2???
It looks like you guys get really stoned in the black void.
Tornado Sharks; the Conjuring! a reporter follows a story about a coven of witches who have a secret plan to use a special spell to teleport sharks into Midwestern tornadoes as an extortion plot. Greedy Witches.
RLM should make an Amityville Shark movie
I worked on Avalanche Sharks. I can tell a lot of stories. The title kept changing between shark and sharks based on if we could get a second shark puppet.
Mike, Jay, and Rich just hate Cinematic Universes that aren't Star Trek
Will you guys talk about Sound of Freedom?
A buddy of mine worked on Ouija Mummy! Haha
Please don't ever stop referencing Ghost Adventures. I lost it seeing Jay inserted into the intro of the show
Sharks of the Corn is punny because instead of Shucks of Corn, it's Sharks of the Corn.
I watched this entire video and I don't know why. 11 out of 10
who needs barbenheimer when ya got doll shark and atomic shark
Closed captioning kept writing "2B."  Tubi or not 2B? Not 2B. -The Last Action Hero (1993)
I like Mike saying "ftw" as if that's a new phrase the kids say.
18:17
'Amityville Backpack' poster needs to include: "That's a great poster actually" - Jay Bauman
This title better not be watchbait, we need a part 2  :D
Sharkansas should be pronounced like the state of Arkansas, you big eejits. "Comfortably Dumb" tho. Kudos, Rich
That's pronounced "Sharkansaw" Women's Prison Massacre
Mike looks at jay like a proud parent when rich says “comfortably dumb” top 10 wholesome rlm moments
The only true hope to be found in life is through knowing Jesus as our saviour.  We can know the peace of having our sins forgiven and hope for the future by becoming a Christian. St. John 6:37 Jesus said “....whoever comes to me I will never drive away.”
has someone made Amityville Stairs and it's just set on the stairs from the exorcist.
Rich once again proves he has the power to see into the future 21:49
I like how the past couple of videos (the Death Metal band names and this one) are essentially a variation of Monty Python's Cheese Shop sketch...
Amytiville: Potato Salad  isn't bad.  It's not as good as  The original Amytiville horror but it's watchable.
Oh so you mean that photo of the shark ghost above the pool wasn’t a quick photoshop by one of the guys? Man!!
Conjuring The Amityville Exorcist Shark, I'm going to quickly copyright it so I can cash my .5$ next month from a trash "movie" company....
I think it’s a portmanteau of Shark and Arkansas, not Shark-Kansas 😆
I can't even watch these movies at levels of extreme boredom.   They exist just to laugh at their stupid titles.
I'd like to see Rich Evans doing power squats please.
DRINKING GAME: Take a shot every time Jay touches his hair
It begs the question of if there is one called The Amityville Shark Excorcism in Space
The story that Emily Rose was based on was about a woman named Anneliese Michel (one of the movies in the Exorcist/ism line-up used her name).
Why...
Frankenstein is also  a common watchbait  word/name.  Some are loosely connected to the original story  but a lot of them just use  the name.  It could be a Lifetime movie about a single mother's experience with  Cervical Cancer  but it would be called  'Frankenstein driving instructor' or something.
16:36 Okay but that poster goes hard as hell, though.
youre gunna watch me bait
Finally, a redlettermedia that convinces me that mike and jay are in a sexual relationship
The way Mike pronounced 'Sharkansas' made me feel uncomfortable...
After that joke, allnus RLMers shouldvwatch "shark side the moon" . It could be the next nukie
If the crew at RLM ever went really dark, or really needed the cash, these are the sorts of movies they'd crank out.  Maybe one every ten days or so.  I notice that this experience was so hard on them that none of them were drinking alcohol.....water only.
The void is so cozy
10:15 But does it sync up with The Wizard of Jaws?
Hearing my name in that context was the real jump scare.
27:21 We own this DVD, bought it from the director at a horror convention for $5. The director wanted us to understand how bad this movie was before we bought it.
American something something is another good one.
WE MAKING IT OUT THE BLACK VOID WITH THIS ONE BOYS
Of course Jaynis familiar with the emanuelle series
Did you hear? There are stunts in Mission Impossible 19.
Sharks in Venice has my attention...
Why are sharks so popular, there's literally only one way you can get killed by a shark
My dad’s a big fan of Tubi. He can put on a crappy Steven Seagal movie and it will keep playing equally crappy movies forever.
This new format of reading things to Rich is fantastic.   Well, okay... I guess only the black void is new here.
Mike complimented Rich so many times!
Funny that modern low budget movies look wore than low budget movies made in the 80,s
That's how podunk Arkansas must be: these guys get to "Sharkansas" and assume it's a combo of Shark and Kansas.
Speaking of "mystic toys," I recently learned that the Magic Eight Ball was actually based on a failed mysticism tool/toy. The guy invented it towards the end of the fad so it failed. He died but the guy who helped him bring it to market kept the design in an invention "morgue." Years later a company asked him for a fun promotional toy to give out, he saw the psychic tool sitting around and changed it to an eight ball. It did so well he started selling it.
This wasnt much fun... :?
“There’s a lot of stuff that fits in this hole.”   - Mike Stoklasa, 2023
Conjuring of the Ametyville Exorsism... its the perfect name for a movie
Nice hair 🦁
Love when Mikes just pulls out a list printed on paper, that's when we know its gonna be an awesome episode
no shark cop, cop exorcist, ouija or cocaine cop?
I really hate these movies. The thing is i actually like "So bad their good" movies. But the thing about a movie like The Room, Plan 9 from Outer Space, Robot Monster, or Troll 2 is they at least put some effort into making an entertaining movie.
sad days ... the soft chairs are ruining the show!!!  Only 31 minutes bring back the steel chairs!
I assume Shark In Venice is a rom com about a shark that goes to Venice to eat ppl on vacation but ends up meeting its soul mate, and I would watch that.
😂😂😂😂😂
Just saying, The Exorcism of God (2021) is a pretty good movie. Also The House at the End of Time (2013) is by the same director. Also a great movie.
I remember seeing commercials for "Shark in Venice." The tagline was brilliant: "Italians make the best food." :-D
Jay you can't copyright windows,  Bill Gates would disagree with you.
I look forward to more productions from Piece of Paper Pantry Pictures Presents...
I love the prologue scene in “Virus Shark” where the shark bites Charlie Sheen
I love Rich’s “comfortably dumb” joke but may love Jay’s reaction to it even more
If you watch Shark Side of the Moon while watching Wizard of Oz, it matches up perfectly. And Donald Farmer will show up and make you roll around on the floor.
These guys have just found a bottomless gold mine. They make fun of these terrible movies, bored people go watch these movies because they discovered them here, the people who made these movies get more money to make more terrible movies, these guys make another video making fun of terrible movies
Texorcism: “Go on, git!”
You can't joke about these lists because the dumbest thing you can think of is on at least one of them
While do they pronounce it Toobi when it is spelled Tubi?
You know things are about to get nuts when Mike takes a crumpled stack of paper out of his back pocket
So.....no "Fear of the Shark"?
No mention of Eminem's song "Amityville"?
I think it's pronounced Sh-Arkansas... shark and Arkansas not Kansas...lol
I think Sharkansas should have been pronounced "Shark-an-saw" like the southern state Arkansas. One way to be certain would be if the soundtrack had "Dueling Banjos."
Hey! Im the costar of Amityville Christmas Vacation! I adore RLM and its so cool to see a second movie of ours make the show! We just won the Fangoria Chainsaw Award for Best Amityville Movie!
so when Jay isn't drinking beer he's drinking a refilled bottle of dirty water.
I've actually seen the Atomic Shark on TV late one day and it was pretty good
"Steven Kang's Shark of the Corn"
love when all 3 of you guys are together, thumbs up :)
Mike's video descriptions are truly works out art
excellent work, boys
Arkansas! not Kansas.
i loved every minute of this chaos. Why are these films made?? tax write off?? money laundering purposes?? or to give young directors something to do??
I’ve watched Sharkansas (pronounced Shark + Arkansas) and it’s surprisingly and unfortunately competent enough.
I will say, they left out the best parts of "Sharks of the Corn". Firstly that it is "Steven Kang's" Sharks of the Corn, and secondly the tagline: "We're gonna need a bigger ho" which is frankly genius.
I'm glad Rich Evans got his Amityville in Space movie. Hopefully the house ended up on the moon, or some other extraterrestrial object.
Most horrible thing was the Godfather font in The Amityville Curse.
"We're not talking about UFOs, we're talking about something that's real: ghosts" might just be the most Mike sentence that Mike has ever said.
ERIC ROBERTS (trumpet sounds, giant cue cards)
whichever camera is pointed at mike and jay is clearly dying or something because it looks like crap
Supernatural AI zombie shark ninjas
Hearing Mike say horror brought back memories of my grandfather. He was also a drunk Wisconsin Cheese-head GB fan.
Considering how many people comment on these videos claiming to have been involved in some way with the films discussed, it's kind of disappointing that more of the guys' ideas haven't been stolen.
Always love an off the cuff video. Keep it up fella’s! Never wanna see it end :(
Rich was so happy when he found out Amityville in Space existed
elizabeth warren came to my high school and did a presentation of her and her husbands work. it was so cool, and ghosts are definitely real :)
Watchbait sounds like a knock off of Chaterbate.  Discuss.
Exorcism of God is actually very good. It's got the butler from Fresh Prince.
Famous ghost hunter Elizabeth Warren
These all look like fake movies that characters watch in TV shows, so... what show am I on? I hope it's a Star Trek prequel
Ok I know it's played out at this point, but when rich made that 'comfortably dumb' joke,  I did legitimately clap.
Shark-Can-Saw...
Semantic satiation  Definition: When the word Amityville is said so much that it no longer sounds like a word.
Thank you for your service.
Shark Ouija Conjuring III (It has to start at the third installment to give it some legitimacy)
When they put up the the amityville curse ad I thought it was legit popping up on YouTube.
You didn't even touch the thousands of "of the dead" movies.
re:View Brazil.
Amityville in Space seems to offer less production value than the Half in the Bag episode where Plinkett's house is on the bottom of Lake Michigan, so Plinkett eats beans for like a month and farts into a bag to make the house float in the air like it was some insane twist on the movie Up.
5:32 lol Ouija Shark... is that real?  13:35 ...Ohhhhhh.
I think Shark Exorcist has potential
I really wish they would use black trash bags for the backdrop
I love how each new series they start has even less of a framework than the last.
I lost a shocking number of brain cells watching 20 Amityville sequels to write an article.
I am convinced that Rich Evans is filmed separately and then added by Greenscreen because he hates Mike so much he can't stand being in the same room anymore.
'Doll Shark and Atomic Shark' or as I like to call it, Shark Barbieheimer
I feel a little less human after watching this and idk why
Skysharks ftw, seriously
Please review Talk To Me when it comes out. Looking at you Jay!
Disappointed in RLM for not putting the “down the rabbit hole” of bad movies and “Warren” of Amityville Horror together…  It was right there.
Isn't it pronounced weejee?
_Amityville_ was DTD (direct to dumpster) long before streaming existed.
Is this the next generation of Best of the Worst?
I'm not bragging, but my friend and I have watched at least 75 % of the cheap latter day Amityville films.
SharkLetterMedia is my personal favorite
There should be a movie about a haunted cuckoo clock. Every hour a little demon comes out and shouts profanties. Maybe Tara Reid is available
Haven’t laughed this hard at RLM in awhile. Please do more of this watch bait stuff.
That's a lot of suggestions in one video, I got a backlog of movies to watch now.
This one was a litttttttle too scary 4 me
Rich Evans is the greatest script doctor since the untimely passing of Carrie Fisher.
Aren't these the guys with the generically named Spacecop?
“Always knew but never confronted” is a genuinely useful phrase that will now enter my day to day use
You forgot "Alien" titles!
Here are some suggestions for titles of future shark/Amityville/exorcism movies (send me a check if you use them, Tubi):  -The Exorcism of the Amityville Shark   -The Amityville Bread Crumb (about a cursed bread crumb in the shape of the Amityville house)  -SharkCop (part man, part shark, all cop)  -Transporter Shark (which accidentally beams aboard the Enterprise.  Can Picard stop it eating his crew?)  -The Amityville YouTuber (about a YouTuber in the Amityville house doing a cursed live stream)
I loved the montage.
I wonder if folks who appear in these movies are part of the SAG.... If not, the strike is a golden opportunity for Tubi to shine.
Star Trek Ensign: Hi! Just want to point out a logical fallacy in your intellectual debate about Noas Shark. Why would Noah bring a shark on his BOAT? Surely he didn't "rescue" fish from a flood? Oh, I guess there might be some inconsistencies in biblical tales. Something they have in common with Star Wars these days.
Death toilet looks amazing
What about exorcism of the amityville shark?
I want this SAG strike to continue so we get more of these experimental episodes.
So when are we going to get the new series, tubest of the worst?
considering how many of these come out, you'd think that at least a small handful of them would be done by some actually creative people who know how to have fun with concepts like these, but it seems like every single one is just the same old boring shlock
0:24 - Nice rounded bottoms, eh Rich?  For a second I thought you meant you and not the chair :D Birthday boyyy
...Irish exorcism sounds like a euphemism in the vein of "the glasgow smile".
Fun story, the Ouiji board was invented in Baltimore, the guy that invented it has a sick Ouiji gravestone in Greenmount Cemetery. It was invented in what is currently a 7-11. There is actually a plaque in that 7-11 talking about how it was invented there. Its at 529 N. Charles St. Grab a taquito and read some history.
I hate when a colony of Rinos burrow into my backyard.
"Watchbait" is good, but I'm disappointed in Mike for not coining "Flickbait" as their movie play on clickbait
Daily Reminder Post (If you've seem this before, its because I do post this regularly as an encouragement): To all my brothers and sisters in Christ advancing God's Kingdom, please know that God sees your work for His Kingdom. Don't let anyone discourage you. What you're doing is right and good. Just make sure that your spreading of the Gospel is in love, no matter what. Y'all will be in my prayers. Jesus Bless ❤️🙏
“Comfortably dumb” caught me off guard holy shit 😂😂
"Harrer pictures" - Mike Stoklasa, 96-year-old Wisconsin man who hates the elderly but speaks and acts like every Jewish person over the age of 65.
😔👎
Noah's Shark  Texorcism 2, everything's bigger in texas. especially evil
The real star is the description writer - most underrated RLM cast memeber
Petition for Amityville Death Toilet Spotlight/Blacklight Episode
Great content, as always buuuuuut in 1881, the state's General Assembly passed resolution 1-4-105 declaring that the state's name should be spelled “Arkansas” but pronounced “Arkansaw”. So Sharkansas would would be pronounced Sharkansaw.
They need to get Zak Bagans as a guest sometime
...that clip reel at the end was like a fever dream..
I chortled when Rich said 'nice, rounded bottoms'
This fits well with last year's debunking of the low budget Bruce Willis movies! RLM is on a Roll!!!
The guy who made Amityville Outhouse actually has a pretty cool bunch of videos where he talks about bad movies and fun comic books. I'd say it's worth checking out*, Riot at the movies.  *no affiliation I just like sick weird shit.
Why not watch "Sound of freedom"?. A film with actors that care and a real story
I'm old enough to remember when FTW was a biker culture acronym that meant "Fuck the World"
Some people tell me I`m not the sharpest, but this time I absulute geussed right that I will  feel much more dumper as before I watched this RLM monstrosity. FU frauds, I even dont get what it is about. It felt licke watching a 2 hour TIckTock. I am so confused!
Exorcism doesn't even sound like a real word any more.
Every shark movie seems to have a picture of a girl in a bikini looking defiantly at it.
Evan Jacobs rules. Love seeing Mike Hartsfield in the clips at the end.
You should do more horror stuff on Tubi and others
5:04  "There's a lot of stuff that fits in this hole."  um
We need a second part of this!
Jay's imitation of ghost hunting show's intro is top notch 😘❤️
It’s pronounced “Shark-ansaw” not “shark-Kansas”
The biggest trick the devil ever pulled off was convincing anyone that Amityville was an interesting place.
Not gonna lie. I kind of love the idea of Shark-Side of the Moon. Just picturing that fin moving through the lunar dust.
is there a movie called sharkuterie yet?
AHA! Now that Disney has been drained dry, RLM is moving on for that sweet, sweet Tubi money.
I love how they confuse Lorraine Warren with Elizabeth Warren and nobody notices.
Good to see that Jay is still wearing his hair-helmet.
Thanks for the rambling description, Mike, I'm always glad to see you flexing your Hershey squirt-sceneted creative muscle.
Rich Evans in the thumbnail counts as watchbait
Everyone is complaining that there will be no more new movies to look forward to because of the strike. I'll say it again: We have enough damn movies and can handle no new ones for a while. (Granted I'm assuming a lot of these movies are low-budget enough to be non-union. )
Amityville Dollhouse, Amityville 1994: It's About Time, and Amityville 4: The Evil Escapes are all a lot of fun.  It's About Time was directed by the guy who made Hellraiser II and 4 is a bunch of grandmas dealing with a haunted lamp.  It's very entertaining.
I need rich to review amityville in space
They need to do an Italian movie themed episode where they overdub themselves.
Lol I'm a fan of all those Tubi pictures.  They are sooooooo bad.  Especially Shark Exorcist and Santa Jaws.
Jurassic.
If you run it through an EQ, and set  the 1k and 3k to zero, it really damps down Rich's most annoying noises....😎👍
Dutch Colonial is the architecture of the house 17:28
VHS collection, Black Metal Bands and now Watchbaits... Mike can read the telephone book and I would find it soothing ;)
it never fails to make me laugh when old-man-Mike pulls out a piece of folded up printer paper with his notes
Eric roberts is the modern day Cameron Mitchell
I’d like to think Jay named this new series after Panos Cosmatos’ directorial debut
This video is borderline experimental
You covered “horror pictures,” but this crap happens on other genres too—perhaps to a lesser extent. Glad you recognized “poltergeist.” “Psycho” and “alien” are big ones. The one that irks me the most is “American.”
You are the light of the world. A town built on a hill cannot be hidden. Matthew 5:14
Titanic Too!!!
dont forget Dracula 3000
I live on Long Island, I've seen the Amityville house, and they've changed the quarter-moon windows to regular rectangular windows, to confuse the tourists. All the locals there roll their eyes (in a non-possessed way) when you mention the house. It had its day, we've moved on.
Flight of the Living Dead. a very good one of these.
So Jay does watch Ghost Adventures!
Oh Mike, kids don't say "FTW" anymore. That's what people in their 30's used to say.
I love how RLM is just solely monetizing Rich Evans' laugh now.
I didn't want this episode to end
I actually quite liked American Ouija. Michael Dudikoff was great in that.
After the episode on metal, I wouldn't mind if "having fun with stupid titles/names" would become a regular series here
Watch The Velocipastor!
Shark Side of the Moon directly into "That title is Comfortably Dumb" sent me rolling. Excellent joke.
Can't wait for Mike to turn this into a sadistic game of showing everyone the worst shit he could find on Tubi. Like a duck fishing game or something
Mike, you liar! Butch DeFeo didn't 'kill his family with a shotgun or an axe'.  He used a .35 caliber lever-action Marlin 336C _rifle._
There’s an Amityville in Space and Amityville in the Hood, there’s a Leprechaun in Space and Leprechaun in the Hood, there’s an Amityville Emanuelle, and Emanuelle in Space, but tellingly, no Emanuelle in the Hood!
One word I thought they might bring up is "Jurassic". There are so many. Jurassic Shark, Jurassic Attack, Jurassic Prey, Jurassic Hunt, Extinction: Jurassic Predators, Jurassic City, Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom and Jurassic World Dominion.
Would you please start a series watching some of these abominations. Make the wheel of the worst even worse.
In text, I wouldn’t know to pronounce it SharKansas or ShArkansas.
Someone please make "Conjuring Amityville: The Clown Shark Exorcist"
House shark is actually pretty great. I thought it was hilarious to watch!
Eyy, it's Father Amorth.
Review  Sound Of Freedom
Still waiting for The Amityville Shark Exorcism.
Why the fuck would a shark, being a fish, needed to be rescued from the flood on Noah's ark?
It's a good job I don't have Tubi because I would totally take the bait.  I actually thought this would be a video of RLM reviewing a sequel to Beyond the Black Rainbow......
Those Italian Jaws rup offs like "Cruel Jaws" are unbelievable bad,great fun though
"I have it with these mother forking demons on this mother forking plane!! -Samuil jackson, Demon exorcism in a cessna.
these really make me thing that ANYONE can get a producer to give them money I have to try this
Isnt there a film based on the horrific terrifying real life Horror the Love Bug Starski "Rap record" "Amyitiville House on the Hill." On hearing that my blood turns to ice and I lose all control of my bodily functions.
Jay's impression of Zak Baggins wasn't monotonous enough.
Star Trek TNG had a ghost episode....
The description for this video is a masterpiece
stoned Rich is the best audience member and my spirit animal
Okay to be fair, "Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre" sounds fucking amazing. Obviously it wouldn't live up to the title, but still.
Should Sharkansas be pronounced like Arkansas, I.e. Sharkansaw?
Amityville Monkey Kung Fu
Amnityville in Space is directed by Mark Polonia...
I wanna see: the exorcism of Gibson Rickenbacker
I mean, this has to be money laundering. Right????
11:12 I presume you mean "STEVEN KANG'S Sharks of the Corn"
That’s just under 32 minutes I’ll never get back. And I love it! It would be great if we had the RLM crew coming up with synopses based on just the titles. I bet they’d be infinitely better than the actual movies.
yoooo the RLM debut of Shawn C. Phillips
The crew discussing the depravity of the B-movie industry amidst a strike in Hollywood is both timely and hilarious.
WTF is that guy doing at 13:40?
I have watched House Shark.  It was... not good.  I think there was maybe 1 laugh. I am tolerant of a lot of bad movie tropes, but bad movies that know they are bad movies and attempt to be funny are often... just painful. If you're going to do something absurd, then do it and let it be absurd. Do not comment on its absurdity as if the audience won't figure it out on their own or already be enjoying it before you have one of your idiotic characters try to get in on the joke. It comes across like an incel trying to sidle up to a conversation and laugh along with a group of established friends.
I am disappointed that there wasn't a movie called Shark-Cuterie.  I will accept commissions for my...work.  Yeah, that's what it is, work.
I think I just realized something, they HATE good movies and LOVE sh!t bad movies.
This crew tops the list of "Content Creators I'd Like To Have A Beer With"
I worked on one how those shit Ouija movies (I think it's OUIJA summoning?) back in 2013 as a lighting technician. It was absolute shit! paid me $75 for 12 hour overnights and of course went over. The worst part is that the cut the funniest line out of the movie. The director/writer was Egyptian and English was not his first langue. At one point in the movie a corpse shoots up and tell the main character "You will kill your Grandmother, OR...." as a threat. The poor actor was trying to change the line on set but they went with the long drawn out OOORRR... lead to the G&E team making lots of OR jokes, " You will wrap that cable. OOORRRR..." "You will pack the truck, OOORRRR..." "You will work OT with out pay, OOORRRR...."
Amityville in Space somehow looks worse than To Boldly Flee.
15:50 the movie poster sucks so bad they didnt even notice that the title is not "The Exorcism in Amarillo" but "The Exorcism Amarillo"
Bathtub Shark Attack makes it's DVD premiere at Grossfest in Pittsburgh, Aug. 5th!
Rich's laugh makes me so happy.
27:08 Amityville In Space looks exactly like a Doug Walker / Channel Awesome production.
Back in the day DC Comics knew that 'gorilla' was a magic word/image that forced people to buy comics. They actually had editorial policy to have an upper limit on the number of apes on covers to preserve this magic sales power.
I was thinking that "Django" was a big watchbait term in Italy back in the 60s and funnily enough Franco Nero was in the Pope's Exorcist
See, they're missing out on an Amintyville Robot Uprising movie: the Robots could all have red eye/lenses shaped like the Amintyville House windows!
7:05 This one picture suddenly enlightened me as to why the Luigi board was created.
I have actually seen Shark Side of the Moon cause it looked so ridiculous. My friends and I decided that was our bad movie night pick. It sucked!❤
They really drag rich into these just to get him laughing into the final product.   And the world is a better place for it
Mike referring to a scary movie as a "horror picture" makes him sound like the oldest man in the world.
please make it stop ! (holds sides)
Commenting to add the movie Raiders of the Lost Shark
My husband and I are actually in Amityville Hex. Despite the cover, the movie is NOT about a robot lol. It's a hex that became an Internet sensation during the pandemic lol.
I remember in the early 2000's the shitty flash series foamy the squirrel lampooning the Amityville sequels with the Amityville Toaster.
"Steven KANG's Sharks of the Corn."
RLM's latest video, 15 hrs old and #6 on Trending. AKA "Nonchalantly grousing your way to media empire." The hunger for authenticity is real; keep it up guys  ❤ It's the Midwest vs. everybody
Surely it’s pronounced Sh-Arkansas, not Shar-Kansas?
Amytiville 3D.... the shark still looks afke
I didn't watch them, but some of my favorite titles are Alien Predator, and Transmorphers
This is just a beautiful symphony of Mike playing Rich’s laugh over and over.
!!!  Almost getting to 1.5 M subs!!!   🙂
why not weld/stick hooks to the back of the chairs so you don't have to leave the wires on the ground?
I've been waiting for this my whole life
I'd love to see someone take on the challenge and create a coherent motion picture out of this watch bait title  Revenge of the co-ed exorcist shark from mars
It's incredible how many of these are directed by Mark Polonia
I appreciate that you talked about the scam artists that are the Warrens. People still think The Conjuring movies are true stories 🙄
I've got one... Shark's and Recreation
1:29 I've watched so much RLM that I've begun to emulate Jay's iconic shooing gesture in daily conversation.
MI is very enjoyable.  Just saying.
Trent Reznor also lived in that house for a bit beleive it or not.... he saw, f*** all..
"You did some research on Ouija" sounds like a great setup line for an Ouija horror movie
This summer, kurt russel in: Escape from Amityville
10:28 hope Mike's still around in 2033 so we can hear him say "poggers"
We’ve entered the “strike” era of RLM. We’ll be fine if you guys skip Hollywood for a while. We not-so-secretly love it when you guys watch terrible indie films
That must be one big rabbit to leave a large hole.. Oh, it's not a rabbit, it's a Bunny... not just any bunny either.. it's Bugs Bunny delivering easter eggs, and he is covered with bugs which by that I mean fleas... and... and...
Oh man, Amityville Karen looks amazing. It has cursed wine, a Tom Cruise lookalike, and Dawna Lee Heising, the actress who plays Robowoman!
Innerspace!  I will patiently wait the next 7 years until you review it.
Accidental Exorcist is easily the worst movie I have ever seen. Not even in a so bad it’s good way.
Shin Megami Tensei VI: The Exorcism of God
Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre and Amityville in Space are 2 of the worst movies I've ever seen.
Whenever a good Tom Cruise movie comes along they skip it, only to later admit the wish they had seen it in the cinema (Mission:Impossible-Fallout, Top Gun:Maverick last year), as a result the only real  Half in the Bag about a TC film we have is The Mummy. Don't get me wrong, I love all the episodes, I just wish these guys finally had a fun time at the movies. As a bonus we would get a great video and the movie itself would also benefit, since RLM members and audience seem to enjoy and appreciate practical effects, as well as all the hard work put into making a carefully crafted blocbuster.
OMG... that title alone lets you know it will be a special kind of stupid :D
Amityville The Evil Escapes is actually pretty damn good.
"Shark?" "We have a list of shark movies. You did it!" "Yaaaaaaayyyyy" That's that most supportive I've ever seen Jay be in this channel's existence
For some reason, this is my favorite video rlm has ever made.
The LORD is near to all who call on him, to all who call on him in truth.
The tag line for Accidental Exorcist should be: "The body of christ propels you".
this video made me throw up
Elizabeth Warren 😂😂😂😂
Budget movies used to still contain craftsmanship unlike now, where they only contain  night soil
27:10 Bro, Doug Walker had better effect in To Boldly Flee than this movie.
RIP, very large toddler 😥
“There’s a lot of stuff that fits in this hole.” - Mike Stoklasa
Mike. That description. I just. I need you to know that you're great, okay? You're frickin' great. <3
Babe, wake up - a new Red Letter Media episode format just dropped!
My band made the song for the Amityville Poltergeist trailer at 20:30, very surreal that something I made got into a RLM video even if just for a second
Amityville Vibrator isn’t on tubi.
They need to make one titled "Loan Shark". A shady debt-collecting organisation uses a genetically enhanced great white shark with human brain implants to collect debts.
It’s almost a shame the “Amityville in Space” House wasn’t an actual spaceship with the windows. ‘Almost’ because their vision clearly trumps anything I was thinking in my head.
the exorcism of the Amityville shark
Why would Noah need to bring a shark on his boat? What, it's gonna drown if he doesn't?
Do rhinoceroses live in holes?
“You can’t copyright windows…”  That’s a legal argument that has ‘paned’ lawyers for years.
This rules
Can we get space cop on Tubi?
I’m still waiting for the video where Mike uses that Spirit Box Mac gave him.
another several pages worth of mikes lists episdoe - im down for it
It's pronounced 'Sharkansaw'
Can't wait for Amityville Poultergeist Ouija Shark 2: The Next Generation
This video just an ode to Rich's laughter.
I can't wait for Amityville: The Haunted Zombie Shark Conjuring
I saw the titanic 666 imdb review yesterday and was not brave enough. You guys can handle anything.
cant for AMITYVILE 666: THANOS IS DA HOUSE
Tubi or not Tubi, that’s the question
I look forward to more of these.
Finally a movie to rival space cop,Amityville in space
If you haven't read the description I highly suggest you do
If there are cops in Amityville, does it mean, in Amityville in space, there are spacecops?
You could just open up Tubi or whatever and make videos of scrolling and scrubbing through movies
These buzzwords lost all meaning after about 20 titles
The Exorcism of Shark Jason III: The Cult of Ouija
Great description Mike! My condolences regarding the freak Rich Evans.
"there's lots of stuff that fits in this hole" -- Mike @05:06
Horror Soup is a great podcast, they have reviewed a bunch of the Amityville movies. I highly recommend
Noah's Shark should be shot as an existential cosmic horror.   If this exorcism doesn't work, we go extinct. Shark voiced by Al Pacino.  Can't think of a director for it, so to hell with it, give it to Sam Raimi.
I watched titanic 666 a couple months ago... the worst piece of media i sat through
What a magical time to be alive.
'Krampus' is a big watchbait word as well.
The ending montage really had me gain a new respect for Space Cop...
A bit depressing and dire how AI is going to accumulate more bad slop at at a faster spamful way. Can't wait.
Wanna pitch a new movie idea.  "The Amityville Shark Exorcism" Edit: Well, shit, I thought I was being clever, but it probably already exists.
You could probably fill the whole runtime just by reading off every knockoff trash film with the word 'poltergeist' in the title. Or the word 'massacre'. By typing 'The Poltergeist Shark Exorcism Massacre' in this comment, I'm manifesting it into existence. It'll be a feature length motion picture by next week.
Amityville: Electric Boogaloo?
Is Beyond the Black Void replacing The Nerd Crew?
These guys should call up tubi and try to get funding for a movie
I did a poster for a movie called Against The Night years ago which ended up being retitled to Amityville Prison
Shark lake is hilariously bad. When they are diving it’s the actors superimposed over footage of the shallowest lake I’ve ever seen.
"Shark Kansas" , I think, promises a deeper and more wide-reaching meaning when pronounced "Shark an saw"...
“Shark Side of the Moon” To add to Rich’s pun, whoever came up with that movie idea has had some serious Brain Damage.
“Shark Side of the Moon” To add to Rich’s pun, whoever came up with that movie idea has had some serious Brain Damage.
I loved Dr. Seuss' sequel to One Fish, Two Fish: Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark
Ah yes, noted demonologist and senator Elizabeth Warren investigated the Amityville murders.
love this channel but it's getting to be way too cynical
I like the "don't tell Rich what we are making and just read movie titles to him" format.
As somebody Who was scrolling like 2 different streaming sites for like 10 minutes last night looking for a horror movie that doesnt look like shit this video was perfect
Would love to see RLM make an Amityville movie.
The Amityville Shark Exorcist’s Ouija Ghost
I'm pleased to see a couple of the films I wrote pop up in the list. Amityville Witches. Ironically the Amityville thing was an afterthought by the producers half way through writing the film. Then it was shot in a remote area in England and didn't look at all like it was Amityville and had absolutely nothing to do with amityville. I actually enjoyed this one. It's not remotely scary and sort of goofy but there's a certain charm to it and I love the cast.  The other was Ouija Hosts which was a faux, semi improvised ghosthunter show/mocku. That was shite. Again, the Ouija part was a total after thought. The original title was just Ghost Hosts (the name of the fictional 'show').  That's my second time on RLM now (Mega Lightning was featured on a Best of the Worst).
I love you
Who'd have thought a 31 minute video of Mike reading movie titles while Rich giggled would be entertaining?
Amityville No.2 Pencil Amityville Deodorant  Amityville Sun Lotion Amityville Hand Sanitizer Amityville Digital Clock Amityville 1TB External Hard Drive Amityville Shitty Switch Controller That Broke After A Week Amityville Small Hole In The Ceiling  And Amityville Empty Bottle of Mouthwash. Also, Amityville Litter Box.
The description is the closest I've seen to recreating the feeling of a fever dream.
What poor soul had to watch these to insert the clips?
The Warrens bullshit is why I hate the Conjuring movies. They're so positive towards them it's over the top.
The ending montage is one of those very rare times where I consider that maybe we have too many freedoms.
i could listen to you guys list ridiculous things for the rest of my sad life
26:40 I know Adam Riot Thorn! He runs Terriblefest in Canada!
I'm surprised they missed Jaws. Wasn't the film set on "Amity Island"?
I’m shocked it was amityville in the hood instead of in da hood
I legitimately had to look up "the good exorcist trailer"
"You can't copyright Windows":  Somewhere far off in the distance a lawyer for Microsoft disagreed. Hope you guys are ready for getting sued.
Rich said "shark ghost" jokingly, but there is actually a movie called Ghost Shark that you guys missed. I've seen it. It's hilariously stupid.
Seeing them talk about amityville in space make me want a to boldly flee review
The funny thing about the Ouija board is that it's original purpose was not to contact the dead or ghosts etc, it was to contact yourself, it was to ask your subconscious questions about your true self.  The idea was by have a group of people together you would push it around and ask innermost questions and get those answers, it was really a game about what your friends really thought about you.  Then of course it got taken over by the spiritual movements and people were like "hey lets use this table of letters to ask ghosts stuff" and the ghost scamming began.
Jay seems genuinely intrigued by the Amityville Lamp
Masterful.
I can't believe they invited chris simpsons artist to write the video description
Living for the (what I assume was Jay's) Beyond the Black Rainbow reference. 🔺️
Please read more lists to Rich. Loved it!
Boy they have run out of material. Just dick the birthday boy I guess
I like how half of the shark movies are Polonia lmao
Another sub-genre is the combo-title taking after Asylum's "Sharknado" by the studio CineTel.  Lavalantula Stormageddon Snowmageddon Independence Daysaster Icetastrophe  Earthtastrophe  And the one you guys mentioned: Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre.  Edit: There's a movie called The Amityville Toilet as well by the way.
We need a new Tubi gimmick where they draw a random word and pick the stupidest option in the first 10 results
My friend made Jurassic Shark.  He was thrilled to hear it on your list!!!
I'm surprised there wasn't a Robo Shark or Jurassic Exorcist
"Has anyone ever watched these?" I'm a tad embarrassed to admit that I've watched a lot of the shark movies
18:22 the Amityville toaster counts in my opinion
Go down the “Sinister” rabbit hole
Ashamed to admit my roommate and I watched Sharks of the Corn 2 weeks ago
Eric Roberts does a ton of low budget stuff (including a low budget feature I once edited). I have a college friend who has worked as a programmer for various large film festivals and he'll text me anytime Eric Roberts shows up again in a short he's screening. Prolific.
Elizabeth Warren lmaoo
Can't wait for The Exorcism of The Amityville corn field Shark Poltergeist
"The Accidental Exorcist"-  starring the uglier and less talented younger sister of Geena Davis.
Aren’t “watchbait” effectively just exploitation films?
I like how Mike probably got approached by Tubi to do a sponsored video, but he never told them about Rich Evans.
Tubi should make a dull documentary film about an actual town called Amityville.   The highlight could be interviewing the town librarian.
Triassic Shark Exorcist in Amityville coming to Tubi this Summer!
I'm watching this garbage at work. At the end of "Amityville Hex" I thought there was a blast of horror drone that they kept running over their yacking—turned out to be a cement drill on the floor above.
I finally figured it out, Rich Evans laughs like Elmo
RLM has discovered a new YouTube gimmick. Say goodbye to reactions. Let’s go reading lists of titles!
Shark in Venice is amazing crap. With Stephen Baldwin's one note acting
A lot of those (Noah's Shark, Amityville Island, Amityville Death House, Shark Encounters of the Third Kind) are written by John Oak Dalton!!! He's a super fun guy to work with and he loves talking about movies. He would be an awesome guest on your show!!!
The Haunted Exorcism of the Amityville Asylum Ouija Demon Poltergeist Shark Conjuring Curse
It's nice to know experts in, and critics of, video production were beaten by cheap chairs
Amityville Outhouse Shark Toilet Exorcism
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Amityville in Space:  EYYYEEEAAAAHHHHH Yay I'm so happy
The new Mission Impossible was really good TBH. It's a fun action movie, which I love and itsn't pure CGI.
27:04 rich realized what his life had become shortly after he got excited about an amityville in space movie
Of course these movies look silly, if you put goofy music over them.
I don’t like these sitting around and listing titles videos. Feels really lazy and gets boring after 5-10
Oh Mike, you've made one of the classic blunders. Clearly, the movie is shARKANSAS Women's Prison Massacre. That's a combination of Shark and Arkansas making what you said so embarrassing I hope you're able to keep making videos.
In Jaws they are Amity Island. ( they mention this at 24 minutes ish)
How does any of this make money?
Ik u guys did a bit about shitty corporate biopic trend. But i think a lot of ppl agree that Blackberry is actually good, a lot more like a Danny Boyle Steve Jobs sort of movie, well-directed in an early-2000s sort of way, and well-acted, and good story about their downfall. Also Tetris is fun, they’re not all lazy marketing ploys with no thought, Tetris had an actual interesting backstory around its creator in the Soviet Union just before its downfall, so thats why it was made into a biopic.
I’m remember a tidbit from film school that says titles aren’t technically protected under copyright. You can call a movie anything, apparently. Star Wars. Wizard of Oz. Etc.
kill her Goats. Deserves a review
So how much did you get paid every time you said Tubi?
Jurassic has to be another big title used for all this crap.
Future best of the worst series will be overwhelmed by these waves of crappy approximations of movies.
Did I just watch an old man read movie titles to another geezer while Capt America watched on?
So I spend some credits on midjourney as a result of this video, lol.
9:58 Shouldn't it be pronounced "shark-in-saw"?
I love this genre of video where Mike reads a list of funny sounding things and Rich and Jay laugh at said things.
SNIPER
I like how Rich is the fill in for the audience here
Sometimes I wonder how much of the garbage tier movie genre is some form of money laundering.
the best video description i have ever seen
I seriously think that most of americans, have too much money and too much time.  I'm shocked to see so much garbage.
This is a good video, make another
Gonna need a follow up best of the worst where you watch the films they rip off the titles you made up in this vid
Please god never let my girlfriend find this video; she'll want to watch every one of these...
I lost it at Elizabeth Warren, the famous Ghost Hunter. 🤣
in terms of the Oujia trademark, they likely can make the movies with that title because Oujia is a board game, so there is no chance of confusion between the two. they would have had to trademark some media thing around Oujia to stop it
5:04 Thats what she said hehhe
In this house, we pronounce tubi with a short u.  It seems more accurate that way, like tubi itself is judging those who watch tubi.
Rich Evans is a comic genius. I love his arc in this web series.
CURSE YOU!!! Now, oyu;ve made me watch Amytiville in SPACE! I HATE YOU SO MUCH. LOL  This was a fun episode guys, When are you guys going to have Colin and Jim back over?  Also, any plans on making a new feature?
The house floating through space just looks like a Half in the Bag skit
Ouija Shark: Gonna need a bigger board - that was a good tagline.
Textorcism: Messages from Hell
I give Tubi three months till we see Texorcism.
Howdy Frens
They should have gone with "American Shark in Venice" that would have been perfect.
Doin The Lord’s work guys.
I can’t believe you all haven’t reviewed Rat Boy yet. Super rare movie.
You know it's gonna be a good episode when Mike pulls out 3 sheets of poorly folded printer paper
Oh mike… no child has said FTW since 2011, hes becoming more senile guys
Is Django it's own subgenre of Watchbait then? And also one of the first?
Sharktopus is actually a fun little movie
These movies look like Half in the Bag gags.
"watchbait" is a ridiculous term we don't need and i hope mike is insufferably proud of it
"Alien" and "of the damned"
This is like watching Robert Ebert and Gene Siskel review amateur porn
They had to call it "Beyond the Black Void" because "Tales from Genesis Space" was already taken.
Got a new idea for a great movie: American History Exorcist
Amityville Death Toilet is a feature-link film
better chance of seeing a ufo than a ghost
National Lampoon’s Amityville Vacation
I really thought Mike was making up the last couple of ones. How wrong was I.
Guys… FLICKBait
I love how they show Exorcism at 60,000 feet and it looks really cool and you're like "Oh that poster looks cool, maybe the movie is neat" but they make sure to show a clip so you know it's bad. Thanks RLM!
Jay's looks over the past 15 years has been it's own character arc
so... no "Exorcism of the Amityville House Shark" ???
The Tubi Trash Movie Title Iceberg Explained
So this will be next best of the worst correct?
Sharkityville Exorcism
When they mentioned Amityville Uprising and cops, I thought of Amity Ville Cop staring a zombie Eddie Murphy...
COMING IN 2024... GHOST SHARK III: THE OUIJANING
Amityville Dish towel
Amityville Christmas Vacation: Clark doesn’t get Christmas bonus, goes on rampage
Amityville coffee mug
When are you going to review Batman 2022
TUBI actually has some good categories. For instance, their foreign section has some amazing Korean films.
Amityville Celery
Amityville shampoo
Amityville Soup
Fun! Fact: Tubi is owned by the same company as Fox News, and the money made by Tubi is sustaining Fox News because they lost a lot of advertisers.
I realy want them to watch ouija shark now
Mission impossible 7 was siiiiiiik.
Keep the schlock coming boys
There's a guy in Ouija Shark who is a dead ringer for Mike
Ouija, the board game, is trademarked. Ouija, the movie concept, isn't. Now if your Ouija movie contains Ouija board, you got a problem. But as long as you're using a very dissimilar thing known as a "talking board" with some gaffer tape on it, you're in the clear.
I want whoever directs the next Joker actor to slip in a little Rich Evans blood-curdling laugh in the Joker laugh audio track. Please.
Concorde was the only commercial passenger aircraft rated to fly at 60,000 feet, so you either know that the filmmakers didn't know what they were doing (likely), or that it's set on Concorde (unlikely). I don't think I'll bother watching it to find out. I also doubt that it's better than The Horror at 37,000 Feet, starring friend of the channel William Shatner.
You know it's gonna be a treat when Mike gets the paper out
cocaine shark? they thought it was a gas cannister, but oh no
If a movie is on Tubi and nobody is there to watch it, does it make a sound?
I won't lie. If someone asked me "Hey, you want to be in my new movie? It's called *Hitler Excorcist*!" I would say yes in a second!
I’m in a movie called Joker’s Poltergeist on Tubi cashing in on the 2012 dark knight rises shooting. I get killed by clowns in a movie theater while watching softcore porno. You could probably do a whole video on that movie alone.
That zero budget Dr Strange magic at 13:40 ...
“Amityville Karen” would have been perfect if she got possessed and then developed a Long Island accent XD
Sharkansas is pronounced like Arkansas, not Shark-Kansas
Rich once again proves that his, is the superior intellect.
Shark Conjuring was the first James Bond actor.
On ouija boards (pre-Parker Bros) there is the supposed connection with the Roma and their mystical traditions, fortune-telling and so forth linked to Egyptian magic. There is the added idea that ouija derives from the Ancient Egyptian word wedjat, the "whole" or "sound" eye of the god Horus. According to myth, this eye had magically healed itself after it had been struck out by Seth, Horus' usurping uncle. The eye was protected by Thoth, god of wisdom who inspired Hermeticism during the Renaissance. As a symbol of the all-seeing/all-knowing power in the universe, the symbol was greatly respected in the 17th and 18th centuries and became important to the Freemasons, Odd Fellows and other secret societies.
I think these services will pick up 50 elyesian films and 50 godzilla movies for like 5000$ for 2 years for when mike wants his brain to stop talking
No "Dickshark?"
I prefer “watchbate” movies 😏
90% of the movies they mentioned were made by a Polonia brother.  I'm not surprised.
Santa Shark was great
TUBI should focus on getting more classic movies, tv shows, and anime; rather than getting more of these crappy movies
i was gladly the first person to upload footage of alien shark to yt (that i know of)
Use carpets like a normal person!
I was in Ouija Mummy. So cool to see it come up! I was the first death! I get a Ouija board thrown into my neck by the said mummy. Making it to Red Letter Media has completely validated my single IMDB credit. I am immensely overjoyed. I may even send some pizza rolls to their webzone as a thank you!
Please make an Amityville best of the worse ep!
Rich came through with the best joke of the episode!
Surely there must be at least a triple title watchbait. Like Ametyville Shark Exorcist or something.
I cant wait for the next series of movies.  Amityville in a Peanut butter and Jelly Sandwich. Amityvilla: the town of Amityvilles Amityville:the amityville house of amityvilles. Amityville: the official movie (tagline, the others dont count) Amityville: a war stars story Amityville: Hsutogiwhwir (tagline, my cat walked across the keyboard) Amityville: 5D (tagline: you cant even perceive it, its just white noise.)
Reading that description makes me want a novella from Mike
This is my favorite subgenre of RLM videos, Mike reading a list.
year after year Rich's laugh is turning into Palpatine laugh.
Insert "cat who looks high" meme during the movie title reading lists.
Ironically, "Trick" was watchable...that and "Haunt".
All the kids who said FTW are 30 now
I wonder what % of these films were made in the hope that one day they'd feature on RLM. Well congrats, you did it.
Way back when I worked at my local Blockbuster Video we had a whole two copies of the pivotal film “Transmorphers” which had come out direct-to-DVD about 2-3 months before the first Michael Bay Transformers movie even came out in theaters. Every week some old rube or idiot kid would rent it with gleeful anticipation before angrily returning it the following day. They always had to inform staff that this was NOT Transformers, and I was often framed as a huckster or con-man for allowing them to rent it. That’s my “watch bait” experience.
Missing Amityville Rideshare, same guy is making Amityville Leprechaun
The Exorcism of The Woman on The Plane Who Thought Another Passenger Was A Sharkman From Amityville.
Idk about legal stuff but I think if you don't legally pursue anyone who infringes on it you may lose it.
"There's one called Shark Side of the Moon."..."That title is Comfortably Dumb." is the greatest joke that only old fucks will understand.
FTW is what the kids said 15 years ago, Mike.
It’s also funny because Amity means Friendship. So all of these movies are using “Frendshipville” in their titles. Lol
FoR tHe AlGoRiThM
Alien is another big one, so many terrible sci-fi movies
Great honking fuck monkeys! I really thought that clip of Shark Ghost was just Jay fucking about.
Rich Evans Pink Floyd joke is fuqing legendary and Mike didn't even crack a grin. He is truly lost.  Also, we need a gif of Rich Evans cheering "YAAAAAAY!" to be played in hospices everywhere to ease the passing of the elderly.
so the lore is: used to talk about random stuff on Half in the Bag, then they started doing it in Re:view, so they created Jay and Mike Talk About to do it in that... and now they doit in the black void... of Half in the Bag... I got that all right?
During the end montage I wasn't looking at the screen, so when the crows cried I couldn't help but think of "The Crows III The Crowening" from Schitt's Creek.
I'll vouch for "House Shark" its funny.
Thank goodness that large toddler "no longer needed his clothes" and you used them to replace rich Evans clothes for the making of this video, you guys work too hard for us.
I think Sharkansas is supposed to be pronounced Shar-can-saw like Arkansas.
You know when you repeat a word and it starts to sound weird? Shark is sounding pretty weird to me right now
ive had Sharkenstein on my tubi que for months now.... kinda curious... also i think House Shark is sort of a satire on these endless asylum shark movies...
15:16 Josh?
I like this new format. One of my favourite RLM videos ever.
I love how we have a sub-genre of Mike reading a list to Rich.
That Zak Bagan impression was spot on
Steven Kang's,  Sharks of the Corn
Mike said Elizabeth Warren instead of Lorraine Warren. I too, get my scam artists mixed up.
If you can imply that your film contains some Escape Room type bullshit using the title or thumbnail I’m watching it within minutes of discovering it exists.
😢😂😂😂😂
The Texorcist: “Go on, GIT!”
Amityville marathon for your Halloween episode!
I would totally watch a movie called "Shark Conjuring"
I tried looking up a few other magic words, so far I've found:  Massacre: Werewolf Massacre at Hell's Gate, the Pizzagate Massacre (yes this is real and not a documentary), Satanic Meat Cleaver Massacre, Hitchhiker Massacre, Easter Bunny Massacre, Wrestle Massacre, Christmas Craft Fair Massacre, etc  Haunting: The Haunting of Julia Fields, The Haunting of Hell Hole Mine, The Haunting of Alexis King, The Haunting of La Llorona, The Haunting of Alcatraz, The Jonestown Haunting, The Lockdown Hauntings (man theres a lot of conservative fearmonger stuff here), The Haunting at May-Stringer House, etc  Clown: The Clown Motel Vacancies series, Clownado, Clowning, Clownery, Clown Nightmare, Black Clown 1 and 2, The Clown Motel (not related to the other one), Gags the Clown, Drown the Clown, the Clown Chainsaw Massacre, Lair of the Killer Clowns, House of Clowns
... I'm not sure what it says about any of us that we all just sat here watching 3 middle aged men reading a list of movie titles for half an hour ... and would like them to do it again ....
:)
We regret to inform you house sharks are a real thing.
Raiders Of The Lost Shark
they've finally found a way to talk about shitty movies without having to subject themselves to the movies. it's genius.
A little upset amityville gas chamber wasn’t mentioned
3:20 the exasperation in this moment is why I watch these videos.
I wrote some of the movie titles down 🌝
It's crazy that I understood the Kansas/Arkansas difference, and three Americans didn't. they're even hack frauds when it comes to being from America
22:19  it's nice that Roseanne Barr still is getting acting jobs. They didn't even have to apply make-up.
The shark segment sounded like a dr Seuss book.
Why do those movies from 2021-2022 look like theyre shot on a 1985 VHS camcorder
I think Sharkansas is a play on the word Arkansas rather than Kansas.
Its weird that they went with _Amityville Emmanuelle_ and not _The Exorcism of Emmanuelle_ considering how, in the early 90s, the Emmanuelle films were literally about women being possessed by the spirit of Emmanuelle. ...Yeah I guess I know too much about shitty vintage soft porn BUT I SHOULDN'T KNOW MORE ABOUT THE SOURCE MATERIAL THAN THE FILMMAKERS!
I'd watch one of these again on "Insert anything here" of the (Living) Dead.
Mike still using a bunch of papers to read out his list the old fashioned way instead of just writing them down on his phone is just the most elderly thing ever I love it
Can't wait for Mike and Jay talk about season 2
Conjuring the Amityville Shark
Can't wait for Amityville Shark Exorcism.
I'm almost a boomer, and even I know FTW was something the hip and young said like 10 years ago. I declare Mike the Captain of boomers
The current owners of the actual Amityville house had the distinctive famous windows completely removed so fewer weird freaks would stop showing up at their house and scaring their kids.  So they need to find other, similar looking houses to make their fraudulent posters now.  (Thankfully it was a popular feature)
Movies are a mistake.
While the ouija board certainly isn't ancient, it's a bit older than the spiritual movement. Although, when it was first released, it was openly as a parlor trick. Advertisement said something like "be amazed at the magic glass that moves on its own." Only later was it adopted by mediums as a way to contact t dead.
RLM should do a video on the Warrens, and their tie-ins to the Exorcist. ’Tis an interesting tale of Magic Language propganda.
...beyond the rainbow void could also be...an interesting series to behold...
I’m a cinematic trash panda but Amityville Death Toilet got me to tap out in 5 minutes.
Paid promotion for Tubi
Amityville: Vibrator - "For God's Sake, Get Off !" Amityville: Death Toilet - "For God's Sake, Call A Plumber !" Actual titles of actual movies.
Where are all the RLM movie titles to springboard off their success? “Red Letter Media: Amityville Shark-Exorcist in Space II” a horror/comedy/drama about family. I’d watch that.
This entire episode is so funny dude.
Amityville 1992 is the only good Amityville Horror movie, and I'm not being ironic.
I made it through 15 minutes of Sharks of the Corn and survived.
I don't understand how Mike can keep getting more and more Milwaukee-ian in every video ... he managed to consistently pronounce "horror" with only vowel sounds
The conjuring of the amityville shark exorcism returns
These 'Throw random names at Rich Evans and film his reaction' videos are great. I could watch these all day.
I want Mike to watch Paranormal Home Inspectors.
The word shark has lost all meaning to me at this point
Man, I just love these "Mike reads many stupid things off a list and Rich laughs at them" videos.
The immediate and withering contempt expressed here for both the Lutzes and the Warrens warms my heart greatly. Somewhere in hell's Department of Ironic Punishments, the four of them are strapped down a la Clockwork Orange and forced to watch and endless loop of Amityville Horror, Conjuring, and Paranormal Activity movies.
19:25 This one in particular looks like the cover of a '90s, horror-themed, point-&-click adventure game.  I'm imagining a _Clock Tower-esque_ situation where you play as the little girl in a spooky house.
They brought up Amityville Mt Misery Road and claimed the title was clunky. While I don't disagree I just wanted to provide some context / insight as a Long Island resident. Mt Misery Road is a narrow, winding road associated with some local urban legends. It is about a twenty minute drive from the house in Amityville.
Dang, Santa Jaws didn't make the cut.
Amityville Outhouse  An Adam Riot Thorn Turd 26:37
We need an Amityville: Proctologist or Shark X-Ray
What about Beyond the Black Rainbow?
Rich wins it all with "comfortably dumb"! Well done, Rich, hopefully the makers of Shark Side of the Moon will send you a t-shirt or a poster or something soon. Jay dissolving into peals of laughter is just the best thing. Rich really is so clever.                                                         Also, the best part of the Amityville with the haunted lamp? It ends with the haunted lamp being destroyed and the haunting getting transferred into a cat. A. Haunted. Cat. How do I know that? Because I've seen it.
It's going to be an issue when AI starts watching every film ever made and comes across the vast tubi library......
I don’t think film producers should be allowed to spend more on the poster than they did on the movie.
The Incredible Shrinking Shark
I was waiting for “a Luigi board?” The whole time.
I read the book, and watched the original. It was mid
Sad to see Father Jack from Father Ted staring in one of these "films". He must have run out of drink.
The vodka bottle slowly creeping into the frame during who sounds like Tara Reid during that Ouija scene.   Hilarious. Made me laugh. Good job boys.
Man all these movies and they didn't even get to my favorite low budget spoof; Space Cop.
"just film it at night" 🤣
_The Scamityville Watchbait_ (2023)
11:12 "Steven Kang's" Shark of the Corn I don't even see that name on imdb. Amazing scam.
I love how half of this films are directed by Mark Polonia.
Amityville in Space 2: Space Cop Vs Evil
I think my favorite part of all these titles is the fact that "Sharks of the Corn" was based on an original story by the world-famous author Steven Kang.
I love this new trend of old man videos where Mike prints a wiki page from his 2004 Inkjet printer and they laugh at it
Shark Conjuring 😂
I love RLM videos like this. Reminds me of Box office number crunching, Oscar predictions and more recently death metal bands
I believe it’s pronounced “Luigi board”
I hate that the masochist in me has found so many new movies to watch.
19:57 had me cracking up. No! :D
"There's a lot of stuff that fits in this hole." - Mike Stoklasa in 'Beyond the Black Void'
I can't wait for the next movie: Amityville Fannypack
Wait... Isn't Elizabeth Warren a Senator? I had to look this up, but it's Ed and LORRAINE Warren, you fucking hacks!
There's a couple YouTube channels that I stop everything for and watch right away. These guys are definitely one of them. Even when all they're doing is listing things or talking about Jerry Springer, its  always worth it.
Still waiting for a Mike's Ghost Hunters segment 👀
Round of applause to Rich for that perfectly timed Comfortably Dumb jab, beautifully done!
A lot went into this video, for example; reading moving titles and
AMITYVILLENADO just wrapped on principle photography. Keep an eye open for that coming out soon.
you can copyright "windows" Jay. A guy got very rich from doing that. :)
New gameshow idea: rattle off titles and Rich has to guess if they exist “Tubi or not Tubi”
I quite like the retro poster for Exorcism at 60000 Feet
Amityiville Hitler.
Noahs Shark was made by the infamous Polonia brothers 2 years ago and it contains a scene where a priest performs an exorcism of a board it is the best scene in the film
I'm over Bluetooth headphones.
Sharktopus is really good by the standards of any of the cheap crud that's out there with "Shark" in the title.
“Shark side of the moon”  “That title is comfortably dumb”  This is the best show ever
Two more magical words that might belong in this category: "space" and "cop". (ﾟωﾟ)
Spirit boards do seem to mostly only go back to the early 20th century or so. There are older divination gimmicks that use the automotor effect though, like dowsing and pendulums.   I think the limiting factor might be _literacy_. To trick people into believing a ghost is spelling out answers when really their own subconscious movements are guiding the planchette, they have to be able to spell, and the putative ghost should probably also be able to spell.
Tubi has all the Fistful trilogy streaming, so it is redeemed as a streaming platform.
There’s a joke in Amityvile Vibrator where they named all the Amityvile films during a masturbation scene, the director said that two more came out during editing.
I have a film production degree, where do I sign up to pop out some of these turds?
remind me never to move to Amityville, too much shit going on there.
Okay, story time lol  Many years ago, I discovered the trashy shark sub-sub-genre, and went a little wild for some reason. I HAVE watched Sand Sharks, and it is amazing.   One night, my friend and I were drinking and watching movies, as you do... The Godfather, actually. And for some reason, I was surfing on IMDb looking at movies I'd rated.  "Hey man, you know what was crazy? Sand Sharks." I proceeded to explain exactly what it was, which didn't take long: "they're sharks... That swim in the sand. Wild, right? And Hulk Hogan's daughter is in it, she looks just like him!"   Michael Corleone is currently running to the hospital, where his father lies in bed after an attack on his life.   "Hey, I wonder if Sand Sharks is streaming." (Yes, yes it is)  "Are we...?"  "Should we...?" "Don't tell me we're going to..." "I think we will."  And right as Michael is running up the stairs we shut that crap off and threw on Sand Sharks, much to our amusement. It was fantastic.   Later that evening, when we were boozy and sleepy we through on "Ice Sharks" or some junk like that. Could barely make it through.   Sand Sharks will always have a place in my heart. I don't think he had even seen JAWS yet.  And yet another time we tried "Corn Sharks." Trust me, no amount of liquor helped us get through even half of that one.
Surprised they read it as Shar-Kansas, and not Shark-ensaw
i think its time to reedit space cop, giving rich evans demon eyes through the whole movie and calling the movie space cop exorcist. itll be a hit on tubi tv
"There's a lot of stuff that fits in this hole" Mike Stoklasa 2023
Looking forward to a shark themed BOTW.
10:17 XD
Coming soon to Redlettermedia: Ouija Shark Exorcism at Amityville!
can you guys review The Batman
It's enough to make you give up on the medium of movies entirely and instead fire up Steam to enjoy a nice game of Dark Rogue Souls: Zombie Dungeon Slayers.
Shark In Venice...  Okay, I can't not picture that as a rom-com where an anthropomorphic shark in a Panama hat, tropical print shirt, and khaki cargo shorts is on vacation in Venice - a romantic trip he was supposed to take with his fiance before she broke things off because he's a boring tax attorney and she needs someone more rugged and exciting, which is why she's fallen in love with a heavy metal drummer octopus, but his friends (other sharks, obviously) convince him to go on the trip anyway to get over his broken heart, to which he agrees but only because he sees it as an opportunity to have a solo adventure where he can be the bold and daring shark that will help him win back his girl - and he gets mixed up with a beautiful and mysterious woman - who turns out to be an international jewel thief - when she secretly slips her latest score, a giant sapphire called The Heart of Neptune, into his cargo shorts pocket to keep it safe in the event she gets captured by the goons working for her employer that she's decided to rip off.  Through a series of hijinks and wacky situations, boat chases and shootouts, the shark becomes the more daring, exciting, adventurous spirit that his fiance wanted...but he no longer gives a damn about her, because he's fallen in love with this incredible, exhilarating woman who's made him feel alive for the first time in his boring life.  It's like Jaws meets Romancing the Stone.  Shark in Venice.
I can't wait for _Half in the Amityville Bag._
I want them to watch Amityville Death Toilet for a BOTW so bad.
I thought I had remembered this being the case, so I looked it up. Short phrases, book, and movie titles are not protected by Copyright. This rule in itself speaks to why these clickbait movies exist. I'm actually kind of surprised Mike didn't know this, considering the topic, and their expertise.
At first, i was upset reading the description. Another movie reviewer baiting me into a long paragraph. But by the end, Im more informed about the ABDL community. Thanks Mike!
That final shot is cinematic masterpiece though
FUN FACT about sharks in lakes, the Bull Shark had the unique ability to be able to live in both fresh and saltwater. They will sometimes swim to lakes to have their young and better protect them.
Easily Rich's best joke. He can retire now.
3:13 my favourite ghost hunter Elizabeth Warren.
What a nice head of hair rich.
So Mike found a way to trick everyone into making a show about ghost stuff (I would watch this btw)
I would love to see Mike's lists turned into a dr Seussesque book. Illustrations and all.
Amityville in space loojs like an episode if half in the bag. Also, ngl, I kinda want to watch Amityville Karen lol
What is this, Tartarus?
I got an ad for The Meg 2: The Trench
These titles are beautiful. Shark House, can't even figure out what the is
Dolph Lundgren.. "all these moments will be lost in time, like tears in a shark lake"
First time viewer.  Oh my gosh, I know this sounds terrible, but I was only tangentially aware that some old pals from the microcinema movie days were doing pretty good on YouTube.   Then I was getting blown up this morning that Red Letter Media did a show that mentioned a handful of movies I wrote.  I met these guys IRL about 20 years ago and yeah, looks like they are doing pretty good on YouTube.
Those windows have been gone for 40 years, get your calendars fixed. (My vote is for "Honey, I Shrunk the Shark".
I love Mike forgetting he name dropped Eric Roberts when he was talking about the low budget fake movie factory last year
Wait is it SharKansas or ShArkansas?
I love the f out choo guys, but not to the extent of listening to you read a phone book.
wow, i truly love this movie and Cosmatos  ah, shit. I read title like "Beyond the Black Rainbow". Oh, well. I guess i was been baited =(
“A scam artist made it up in the 1920’s”  Oh like Mormonism?
So are you just intentionally not talking about Sound of Freedom? Is some new low effort show your attempt to distract your fans from your choice to pretend the movie doesn't exist like Disney did?
That moment when Mike revealed that he had not one but several A4's with titles on them of watchbait movies, it almost did me in!
RedLetterMedia at their best when they ignore the mainstream.
I would watch a movie called 'Cocaine Exorcism'
Rich's Pink Floyd joke was pure gold.
This is my favorite channel of a guy just reading off a list
RLM need to make a few movies for Tubi.  Rich Ouija Sharktopia.
Looking forward to the next Best of the Worst Tubi Trash Special
Reading off shark movie titles like a dr Seuss book
well enough but I do need a film called: Amityville Barista.
0:00 Intro and Premise 9:37 Things with Shark 13:46 Exorcist/Excorcisms 16:53 Amityville Stuff
I did an entire month of reviews of nothing but Shark movies. The fact these existed was mind boggling. Sharkansas should've been a great dumb movie, It was just...haunting. Mississippi River Sharks is another what were they thinking. Honestly the only films worth seeing out of all this dreck was House Shark and the amazing Bad CGI Shark.
Best of the worst watchbait
I am fairly disappointed that there is no "Loan Shark" !
Exorcism of god is genuinly a really fun movie. I want a sequel. Watch it guys
Amityville Emanuele made me shriek
FTW? Oh Mike, you're old lol.
Is Amityville Backpack a film in which ghosts battle conscious rappers?
Whenever I watch RLM, I watchbate.
The Amityville Shark Exorcism: Ouija Team Six
The best part about this video is the majority of these movie titles could have been invented by RLM and don't actually exist, and I'm far too lazy to even visit Tubi and check for myself.
Amityville death toilet sounds like a metal band.
Tubi is great for being free. If anyone is going to watch any of these movies, it’s best to not have to pay for them.
Amityville Shark?
Did they finally jump the shark?
This is great.  Also for my American brothers, Noah Arc is common aussie slang for shark.
Amityville in space makes me mad. The art for it looks really good, but then the clip doesn't even use the graphic. Such a waste
episode ideia: rich has to guess what is a real tubi and what is made up "Tubi or not Tubi"
Alternate title for the video: 'Tubi or not Tubi?'  Also, 'Amityville Death Toilet' is from the metal rock band video surely?
Not 3 weeks ago muself and some friends watched a bunch of these on Tubi. Shark of the corn is probably the best of the worst. Shark Avalanche is pretty close behind as well.
The show were Mike talks about similar movie names and wonders if it's real or just dementia confusion
I can't stop thinking about Shark Side of the Moon.
Unfortunately the gang would later discover that the Amityville house was suffering from aphasia. Slide whistle noise : (
The next one will have to be "undead". Does Marvel still own the rights to "zombie"?
This is why its called the 7th art
10:25 crazy to think that the kids do not say ftw anymore
Cargo short Mike unlocked.
Great idea for a video but they should have waited till Hollywood grinds completely to a halt.
I think y’all should actually watch some of these.themed BotW content for years
Shark in Venice must be a reference to Death in Venice
I'm surprised there was no Amityville Beverlyhill movie.
Some.of this poster art and titles look like they could be book cover for the extreme horror books one can find shopping on Kindle these days.
Was that Tara Reid.. lmao wtf 😂
Some day on BOTW they have to watch Ouija Exorcism, Ouija Shark, and rewatch Shark Exorcist. The trilogy of trash.
nice this was sick. felt good to see this kinda fun analysis from y'all i'm excited for more beyond the black ouija
Granpa isnt the one watching these cause grandpa wants to know the actors, I had a grilfriend who was the target for these where we would watch any ol garbage horror movie
They might as well an Amityville type horror movie about the Benoit house at this point.
Loved the video and description, gr8 work
Actually, I think it's pronounced "Sharkansaw".
I like that Mission Impossible payed a bit of homage to Lupin the third anime/manga, which has similarities like Lupin disguises himself as other people a lot. The lupin car chase was great though with the yellow fiat, just wish it wasnt electric but it was good chase.
The speed of that comfortably dumb line was astounding. Sounded like he had that insult in pocket for years and was waiting for the very specific moment it would be relevant.
Heck yeah boiz
The best part of most of these is the tagline....
Sharkenstien has a guy who looks like Mike in it. He even over acts like Mike.
“In the Hood” definitely needs to be a list.
Keep this in mind when it comes to spirit boards, Parker Brothers or who ever bought the rights to the game from a German company called the Swastikas' Novelty company.
I hope redlettermedia's next big film is an "Amityville" film maybe "Amityville v Space Cop."
It really is Mike reading a list and I’m here for it 😂
So awesome...
'Tokyo Subway Karen Attack'
You guys haven’t edited anything since 2021? Well done.
"That title is comfortably dumb" - That might be the best joke Rich has ever made.
'Soccer-Mom Sarin'
8:49 - The shark movie posters provide evidence to the "one guy" theory, since there are like 3-4 with the same design: a young woman in a bikini with standing in front of the shark.
'Entitled White Boomerang'
Fun fact: There are more movies about sharks killing humans coming out each year than sharks killing humans.
Jay, bro. I mean this constructively: Pretty soon, and please, you should send about 80% of your hair to the black void. You had this awesome haircut back in the Scientist Man Saves Star Wars video that legit inspired my own haircut. Go back to it my guy! It was awesome! :)
Where can I watch these? Tubi or not Tubi? That is the question. <Badum tish!>
The words "shark" "exorcism" and "Amityville" don't even feel like words to me anymore.
What the fuck is that description?
'The Frantic Dance of Subatomic Sharks' - Brian Gangrene
I'm pretty sure Amityville Backpack is a metaphor for the adventurous journey that the word Amityville has been on
15:19  legit thought that was Mike on the poster for a second
i was really looking forward to making a joke about how you guys forgot to include a title combining Amityville and Sharks... guess I'll better go back to the drawing board.
Anyone have any idea how these movies make money? They pump so many out they must be making some profit doing it.
Just finished tng season two. Don’t you guys want to take a break from this torture and make a top season 2 episodes? Everybody needs variety.
'His Shark Materials'
I now feel compelled to watch the most obscure thing on tubi.  It'll instantly make anything else I watch that much better.
This is the most podcast-y episode they've released yet.
Another one of these you see all the time are "of the Dead" movies that have nothing to do with George Romero.
Ouija is a portmanteau of the French and German words for “yes.”
C'mon boys it's 'Sh/Arkansas'. Sounds way better.
I'm copyrighting 'Titanic Shark in Amityville' and 'A Shark Called Karen too'.
The "Spirit-Talking Board" that evolved into the Ouija board is actually from the spiritualism movement that followed the American Civil War where lots of people who lost loved ones in that conflict were desperate to contact the dead.  So we're talking late 1800s.  The earliest one I'm aware of was from the 1880s but they were already being called Ouija boards by 1890.  So, you're right that it's not ancient and it probably was made up by scam artists, but it's about fifty years older than you thought it was.
Eric Roberts stars in low budget films?  I think it’s a stretch to call movies like Bigfoot vs. D.B. Cooper low budget.
Space Cop is too good for Tubi
Love the new series. I get more excited for new entries in the RLM-verse than Marvel or DC.
Steven Kang's Sharks of the Corn is a writing masterpiece
Sharks of the corn was 2 genres in one. A serial killer and a cult with sharks eating people.
Really, in the end. It's about family.
We need the barbie and oppenheimer double feature review
Parker have nothing to gain by blocking the use of the ouija board in terrible movies, the product is a fairly poor selling novelty nowerdays so it is only likely to boost sales from the few people who watch it and purchase one because it was a prop in the movie. Much like game developers having nothing to gain from stopping streamers playing their games, they could stop them but why so that when it only increases sales?
That sure was a description
BTW you all should say who you're wearing each show
I got a little sad finding out Lance Henriksen was in Exorcism at 60,000 Feet, but hey he's not family
I'm glad to see Mike has decided to expand the RLM brand and to reach a new audience with more modern slang such as 'FTW'.  This is a phrase I use on a daily basis.
@RedLetterMedia I actually worked on Ouija Mummy! Made the creature costumes, some gore props and helped with the boom mic! Had a great time making it! It's a fun movie if you're in the mood for some b-movie horror fun!
conjuring the amityville ghost shark exorcist
Is Tubi the modern day equivalent of Cannon?
I actually watched the movie called Trick and it really wasn't terrible.
Exorcism at 60,000 feet looks brilliant :)))
Pretty sure it was supposed to be pronounced "Shark-ansaw"
And all of these movies were shot on vacation for those easy tax deductibles
“Alien” is another watch bait category the boys can deconstruct.
This video proves AI should replace Hollywood writers. They both suck but I think AI mat suck less.
Is this a new series?
Surely there’s a whole franchise of p0rn named Sexorcism.
movies suck
What is the absolute lowest amount of money and resources needed to get a feature posted on Tubi?
26:40 oh yeah Amityviille Outhouse that's where we found these movies
Where is the, Donald Farmer, appreciation?
Amnityville Sharkolocaust.
amityville startin to sound real weird as a word
Yet for some reason, porn parody titles usually have better names than the originals
rich really is the apex ideas guy
You know shits about to get real when Mike reaches into his back pocket and you hear the paper crinkling
Okay well I'm definitely watching Shark Encounters of the Third Kind now
60,000 feet is extremely high up
Star Trek Exorcism.
Love the black void
Please tell me that Accidental Excorcist has a Leslie Nielsen-style priest who goes into the wrong room on the Hospital and excorcises the wrong person. wItH hIlLaRiOuS rEsUlTs!
Jay looks more like Edgar Wright every day.
"Comfortably dumb". I always knew there was a way to describe my expereince working for multinational corporations.
The shark lake is possible if it’s a bull shark. They can live in both fresh and saltwater, and have been seen in canals and stuff when floods happen
Now watch it all and make uber duper best of the worst.
Sharkshank redemption
Starship High Hopes
This is funny for a bit but I hope making title list videos is just some quirky meta joke. ‘Don’t overplay your joke’, is the secret to comedy.
My favorite category of these types of movies is any movie with "versus" in the title. Mega Shark vs. Crocktopuss, etc.
Thank you
RLM are the best when they're exposing bullshit...  This has to be their funniest video of all time...the sheer amount of crap they're exposing is incredible
"Shark side of the Moon." ".... that title is Comfortably Dumb."  Bro.... that was fucking brilliant.
I’m fed up with seeing “Rise”  in movie titles.
Hey guys thanks so much for the Amityville Karen mention as well as Amityville Sharkhouse :)
I don't think the kids say "FTW" these days. That's from my mid 30s age group perspective and I'm not even sure we said it unironically... But it could be I was never and never will be in touch my generation. Probably for the best... or not... I dunno... what is zeitgeist?...
I like that Mikes new found Metal obsession led him to name new Segments with cool potential Metal Bandnames
Amiityville Exorcism of Ouija Conjured Sharks
Still waiting for the Shawshark Redemption to come out.
You know an RLM video is about to go next-level when Mike pulls out some crumpled sheets of paper.
Thanks. For finally zooming in on Mike's shoes. Now I can buy some
I watched Sharks of the Corn, it is in no way what you think it might be but it does involve a lot of corn
At this point, I think Mike should do a legit ghostbuster show. Im not kidding, I mean ... who whouldnt watch that...
The Texorcism of Amity Rose
Is no one going to talk about how Sharks of the Corn was apparently created by the prolific horrormaker Steven Kang?
“Red Letter Media Reads Lists”  IMMEDIATELY PRESSES PLAY AND LIKE BUTTON THANK YOU SIR MAY I HAVE ANOTHERRRRRR!!!!!11!!!!
Next do movies with words like "space" or "cop"
(I’m thinking shark as watchbait, Rich says it) whaaattt…
They mention that Ouija Shark is in fact a thing and totally exists. They even present evidence. But each time they say it, I feel like it's a gag.   Like maybe RLM is playing the long con here and they produced it in 2020 planning on making this video 3 years later???
I wish they had read the subtitles, “Shark Shock: No More Mr Nice Shark” is schlock gold
They forgot about the best film ever Ghost Shark 😂
That's what's up....as the kids say.
I swear when they were going through the shark titles they were going to list 'baby shark', 'mommy shark', and 'daddy shark' trilogy
The video is over and I am sad.
Bro that other one's laugh needs to be edited out
15:17 The Good Exorcist has the best poster.
Rich Evans: Too Clever for Tubi
im dissapointed they didnt mention crackodile
I’d just like to highlight that it’s “Steven Kang’s” Sharks of the Corn.
Salem's Shark
What a description.
Amityville in Space looks ALOT like the Nostalgia Critic’s movie To Boldly Flee.
there are probably more shitty shark movies than sharks
Read more stupid Star Wars lore!
modern horror poster/cover art is so fucking ugly!
On the various 'Exorcist' movies: If the movie makers know anyone who is the lest bit flexible, or better yet an actual contortionist, they have a guaranteed role in the movie as a possessed person 😂
amityville in space gave me "to boldly flee" flashbacks
My biggest concern is what do the 9,523 people who live in Amityville think of their town's name being thrown around like that?
Doll Shark/Atomic Shark is the Barbie/Oppenheimer precursor that society slept on
Amittyville is funny to me. It's a random Long Island town that's now turned into a haunted place.
Exorcism at 60000 feet.... Adrienne Barbeau, Lance Henriksen, Bill Moseley... It's disgusting that they need to do movies like this for a paycheck.
I think we all got hard watching Amityville Karen.
Mike is slowly turning RLM into a Rich Evans reaction channel
"Amityville Ouija Shark Exorcism - Episode 2: Evil Clown Ghost Conjuring" in theaters now!
Why do I see a lot of Best of the Worst specials coming? Like a lot of them.
"G H O A S T S !" -- Mike Stoklasa
What the hell did I just watch?
21:57 pain
Mike is the best evil friend ever.  Jay laughs but searches for truth.  Rich is a squatter.
Last movie I was baited to watch was "Bullet train down" the Asylum version of Bullet train After like 10 minutes I was like "wait a minute"
The world needs The Amityville Shark Exorcism
Spirit Boards go back to at least Tertullian, an early Christian around 200AD
Saw the title, thought they're covering a movie or show I've never heard of, googled "Beyond the Black Void", and discovered it's the name of a Belgian drone metal band.
These make Space Cop look like a movie.
I mean ... you guys got me with the watchbait title "Beyond the Black Void" ~ I was expecting something about or related to "Beyond the Black Rainbow" 😔
Lol perfect
That list is the weirdest Dr Seuss book I’ve ever listened to
That was haunting. I need to exorcise myself of all that immediately.
Irish Exorcism is super easy. Just take away all of their potatoes and they will leave.
I do not like sharks in a house. I do not like sharks with a mouse. I do not like sharks here or there. I do not like them anywhere.
STEVEN KANG's "Sharks of the corn" Jesus fuckin Christ on a motorcycle, they went all the way with this one.
stints
New concept: Mike reads these and the metal bands as ASMR. Goldmine.
"Amityville Kitchen Sink" lmao Rich is a fuckin genius
I kept expecting them to actually watch one of these botw style
I was going to make a tara reid joke about that "ouija house" movie, but i looked it up and it turns out that was actually her.
i love Mike's attitude
Fun fact the Ouija board was actually created by the Swatstika novelty company.
Sharktopus is one of my favourite movies of all time.
Welcome to another episode of "Mike reads names to Rich Evans until he laughs"
I'm glad Mikes enjoyment of reading lists to Rich Evans that he printed out on paper has grown so much that he's making a new series about it.
This feels like a parody of ‘Pitch Meeting’.
You see kids,  Pink Floyd was a musical group that hit things made of wood and string to generate music. They did this in front of a volcano once. They sold  pieces of plastic with lines ground into them that if inserted into the correct machine, would play back their music.  One of these pieces of plastic was entitled "Dark Side of The Moon."  On another of these pieces of plastic, entitled 'The Wall', a recording of their hitting things made of wood and string was entitled "Comfortably Numb".  This is why Rich Evans is indeed 'FTW' and needs to take ibuprofen for back pain most days. And sometimes forgets where he is while grocery shopping.
this video was pointless
Rich's Pink Floyd joke was top tier 10/10
I respect Jay's Emmanuelle joke that next to no one will either get or care about.
As someone who loves horror films, I hate that it's the genre that gets these "watchbait" titles the most. It makes finding stuff to watch really hard. I'll settle in for a horror movie marathon night only to find myself spending an hour going through titles across various streaming services trying to find something that's not Asylum tier.
'Shark Lake' with Dolph Lundren = Watchbait + geezer teaser.
I hope the channel Rotted Reviews gets some traffic. Like a year or so ago he watched every Amityville to date. iirc he recorded himself reading the book and while farting and released it as a movie 😅
Petition for them to make an exorcism movie.
“We’re not talking about UFOs we’re talking about something that’s real- ghosts!”
The fact that "Shark Ghost" is even real is amazing
Rich is far too good at these names and plots. He's clearly the man responsible for them all
what rhinoceros hole this was
I want to see The Exorcism of God
Ah yes amityville 3-D. Where the brother makes moves on his sister.
This goes out to Mike: you don't need to put on a shark on Noah `s arc. It can already swim.☺
Well, that was a weird wake up video, but, somehow, a funny one.
Amityville Shark Exorcism in Space!   Make it happen.
To any aspiring filmmakers, these movies get made.
It's painful how many of this I've seen.
Im so sad the Amityville Moon wasnt about a Moon possessing someone.   So it crushes everyone after it's exorcised.
Oujia is just based on the claim of "automatic writing", which is almost a thousand years old.  Still just a scam, but it wasn't invented in the 1900s.
Coming soon to Tubi: _The Conjuring of the Amityville Clown Shark Exorcist_
Ouija is just oui, French for yes, and ja, German for yes.
I still can't fathom how it pays to produce a whole "Movie", even an extremely cheap one, put It on a streaming service, where there are dozens others to fight for shelf space and still make money out of it.
Missing a lot of good content by skipping over the tag lines. HouseShark: You're Gonna Need a Bigger House! Amityville Karen: She'd Like to Speak to the Manager... of Hell! Amityville Thanksgiving: Get Stuffed Mother Clucker
When I didnt have a family. RLM was the next best thing. Not a compliment
There has to be a list for "in the hood" and "in space"
Comfortably dumb
Shark Side of the Moon was fun. It involves Soviet Human /Shark hybrids that find their way to the moon and build a society.
I like how they pronounced sharkansas as “shark-Kansas” when it’s clearly supposed to be pronounced closer to “Arkansas”
I can't wait until in all of their videos in the future, the RLM guys are just together in a Charlie's uncles bed.
I wish they found and read reviews or something, I'm so curious as to whether people willingly watch any of these...
I hope this is Watchbait : Part One
No budget/low budget-teers are just marking time until they can overkill Cellular/5G horror motifs, but after that what next?
I like how this channel has become about the high altitude death dive of cinema as an artform.
You hacks it took you two weeks to come up with another episode. I’m not getting my RedLetterMedia fix man
Rich squealing is my ring tone. It went off on my last flight. Now Im on the no fly list.
OI wonder what Jay thinks about the "Return of the Living Dead" reboot?
loltyler1 @16:47
Land shark, she shark, we all shark, for Sharkream!
As a Ghost Adventures fan I always enjoy when Mike defends it and everyone else clowns on it.
Fantastic, just for the description.  Good work, guys.
I clicked because of that sexy thirst trap thumbnail of Superstar Rich Evans.
if it was possible for me to love RLM even more, their bizzare out-of-nowhere new gimmick episode they explicitly say was made in solidarity with striking industry workers just pushed the dial to 12 <3  GREAT JOB YOU HACK FRAUDS YOU JUST GOT AN EXCUSE TO DO EVEN LESS WORK YOU FUCKS!1
tubi deals with intenational releases, if parker bros only has the US trademark, there might be a loophole for foreign films using the name
Rich says that's comfortably dumb. While I wish that it wasn't here.
Please review at least 3 of those movies
No shark of the covenant?
I love AMITTYVILLE 1992: It’s about time! Do a Half in the Bag On It. I was actually just listening to the metal song from the soundtrack the other day.
You forgot Amityville glory hole!
I like that Mike and Jay are presenting to rich
You guys should copyright some of these titles so when Hollywood makes that movie, you guys get a cut.
Shark Side of The Moon is 'comfortably dumb'. Richard Evans I salute you.
Noah’s shark. It’s just an ark filled with every species of shark
"Mike reads a list of silly things while Rich Evans and Jay laugh" is my new favorite genre.
Yikes. Ive seen and unironically reviewed most of these films
Always great to see the boys try something new. I hope they had fun!
My office chair just broke, can y’all send me one of your old ones?
My friends and I watched Sharks of the Corn last year. It is BOTW-level funbad.
When an RLM vid drops it is a similar feeling to that one day in class where we got to watch bill nye,  These videos are so educational and hilarious, it must be incredibly helpful for film students, you guys really created an impactful thing 🙌
You watched it! You can’t unwatch it!  Tune in next time for another   TALE OF TRAAAAASH
Jeeze...the ouija movie thing is almost as bad as italian films in the 70's & 80's...just blatantly trying to claim they're a part of some other franchise.
God damityville!
'OUIJA'- 'OUI'-French for yes and 'JA'- German for yes. Jay...''You can't copyright windows''...ask Bill Gates.
Now my watchlist is full.
I perked up when I heard Mike mention the director, Mark Polonia. He’s the film and media director at my undergrad university and filmed our choir performances. I only now found out that he was also responsible for bangers like “Feeders” and “Cocaine Shark”. I worked under a legend and had no idea.
The trailer for House Shark is pretty rough.  They all are, but House Shark’s a tough watch.
Our time on this planet is limited and they do this. The they in this case being both RLM and the filmmakers
I saw a clip of The Flash movie on Twitter just before watching this and all this shit looks more creative than The Flash movie.
The Amityville Shark Ouji Exorcism in Space
I hate when the video is over
@2:20 Amityville was literally what popped in my head when you said 1 word you can include to increase viewership
Tubi Best of the Worst when?
I doubt anyone is ever going to read this but I'd love for you guys to do a re:view of 2005s War of The Worlds. I feel towards it the same way Jay does to Tron legacy. Its not a hidden gem. But for some reason I'm drawn to it and watch it about twice a year. Its not perfect by any means, but I think it's incredibly interesting. Anyway Id love to see yall review that. Keep up the great work.
I was hoping to learn how to escape the black void. Instead Rich Evans laughed at me...
How about RLM  make a movie that has a shark summoned by a Ouija board becomes possessed by an ancient Sumerian demon, which also possesses a child. The climax will have the Catholic church performing dual exorcisms  that have to be synced up or else the shark and/or the child will die. And the film will end with the demon being placed into a jelly donut that Mr. Plinkett eats and exorcises a third time, violently, in the toilet.
RLM isn't beating Shatner's Twitter's podcast allegations with a new show that appears to be the most like a podcast yet
So i load this video up and notice brave which is chrome which is open source chromium is now forcefully disabling my ad blocker which is not theirs to tamper with.  Now i know you are going to say you want your revenue, but there is an element of exposure and all the years of censorship i think this maybe the final straw for most people just generally fed up with YT. Real sick of this constant "war on" from tech industry.
9:52 There are some species of freshwater sharks, some in places like Lake Nicaragua. I doubt the filmmakers care about that tho
Omg... i just realized ive never really read a description on a RLM video!  The description on this video is a fever dream come to life.
The Sharkityville
I watched amityville uprising the other day to see how shit it was. And it wasn’t that bad, good practical effects as well
I saw the Amityville Werewolf movie. Awful.
I don't know if this gives me hope that anyone, (including me) can make a film, or if it depresses me that anyone (including me) can make a film.
I love you
Crisis on Infinity Amityvilles'! P.S. If anyone uses this title I want my royalty check! I'm not joking!
9:13 ... literally pulls that list out of his ass.
SHARK HOUSE VS. HOUSE SHARK
Do Andor
Someone next to me heard rich laugh and asked if I was listening to Gorillaz
The “Amityville Kitchen Sink” poster needs to be of someone looking down into the sink and the drain hole is the iconic window shape, it can be about a sink that was reclaimed after the original house burned down and it’s now disposing of the family who bought it.
Tubi gives me hope that Best of the Worst will have material to work with until the end of time
These have to run them a loss, right? These movies and Tubi that is, not RLM experimental formats. So, sure; You can Mad Libs titles endlessly, but let´s say you can throw money at a certain amount of total losses, hoping for one hit, you gotta run out of whatever your budget is eventually. I can´t imagine, that there´s a hit among these even every ten thousand funded projects. Maybe that´s me being hopelessly and naively optimistic, but seriously: How do they make money? Can one surprise meme á la Cocaine Bear make all that money back? Or do people really appreciate a neverending buffet of stuff, let´s say, as you guys once suggested? I have no idea, all I know is: I have a hard time even getting through the brilliant stuff sprinkled throughout Netflix, Amazon Prime, Sky and so on. By amount even great stuff is too much.
I have one: Shark Shark! It's a shark dressed as a shark that attacks a cosplay festival!
I have to watch Shark Side of the Moon
mike’s dementia possessed him while writing the description
my dad has seen most of these, I put tubi on his phone for him since it was free and he just watches these on his phone all the time, it's never anything good and he always falls asleep watching them
I think the black background is causing the video encode to overly compress your guys’ faces
A thumbnail with Rich Evans laughing is RLM watchbait. I will go for it every time.
Thanks for bringing a smile on a terrible day
I love all the extra content due to Youtube copy striking all your shit, but this idea really needed a real time visual component for you guys (particularly rich) to react to, like a projector showing the poster or say maybe a short clip of the trailer in the backround. These "name-reading" episodes are still very fun, expanding on them a bit more would make them really special.
Jay: Has anybody ever even watched these?  I'm about to.
Titanic 666 just got the green light for a sequel titled OceanGate 662: Electric Boogaloo
There needs to be a movie called _The Scramityville Horror_ which has a haunted house with just a sequence of people who pull up in their U-Hauls to move in and just split as soon as creepy stuff happens. Like they start to pull in the driveway as the mailbox catches fire, back out, and speed away. A series of those near-misses for 90 minutes.
Aren't all these movies really Executive Bait?  They're all triggering the greed receptors of the moneyed people, through the use of catchphrases, chasing their next big hit.
I'm certain "Sharkansas" is supposed to rhyme with Arkansas.
I have done so much research on the warrens. They are literal scumbags lol
"Do you think I have time to watch all this shit?" - man who spends an hour reading lists of movie titles to his friends
Some of the taglines to these movies are amazing
we're so fucked
Shark side of the moon by Syd barricuda  My favorite song on there is Tide
A movie about sharks shrunk and injected into the bloodstream would obviously be called Finnerspace.
In case anyone's wondering what movies would look like without SAG and WGA
So why isn’t Space Cop on Tubi yet?
11:58 Really sounds like that particular list of sharks came from a Dr. Seuss book.
This video is the proof that i dont really care about what they are talking about, i just want them to fuck around for half an hour in front of the camera.
It's criminal that the taglines weren't read with the movie titles.
Anyone who skipped reading the description is missing out.
Is Shark-ansas not Sh-Arkansas? Please tell me it's Sh-Arkansas... Shark Kansas is just... too bad.
Semi-serious comment … and sorry if someone else has covered this … “Ouija” is the word “Yes” in French and German.  You’re not allowed to copyright words in common usage.  Board game companies can copyright the name vis-a-vis the game …   Like “Monopoly” the Game … they’re not allowed to copyright the WORD monopoly from being used in other contexts like finance and law for example.  But you can’t make a board game called “Monopoly.”  So other “board games” can’t call their “spirit board” products “Ouija.”  But I’m pretty sure Tubi is safe using the word “ouija” in their movie titles.
Thanks for giving love to House Shark! I love House Shark!
Would Sharkansas be pronounced “Shar-Kansas” or “Shar-Kan-Saw” edit: okay nvm they clarified I am obviously too late to make this joke
Try to make a bingo with this movies titles
Anyone without an ad blocker would know that a similar phenomenon is occurring with games. You see these ads and you know they're either barely actual playable games or outright scams. In fact, scamming has become so massive, it's infiltrating ever aspect of life.
'Comfortably Dumb' is hilarious
I love this new series already
I'm sad this video only goes for 30 minutes. I want more.
"how many times can one see Tom Cruise do stints?" is such a profound question
I love this new format of "don't tell Rich what we're gonna talk about, just try to make him laugh with a list of funny things."
Shark-Kansas?!? It's obviously "SHARKINSAW"!! This is like you mispronouncing all the black metal band names!!
Clearly Sharkansas is a combination of Shark + Arkansas and should be pronounced Sharkensaw
This is a great watchbait video
The real horror is the compilation of scenes at the end.
I like the "read a list to Rich and he laughs" genre of videos
OMG everyone!!! Please read the video description!!! 😂
This has one of the more unhinged video descriptions I’ve seen in a while on this channel. Nice work, Mike. Nice work.
I have a “hard” time focusing whenever Mike is wearing shorts because he’s hot.
666 😈 at 14:58
Mike reads from sheets of crumpled white papers is my favorite RLM series
That description tho 👌🏼
The Conjuring of the Ouija Shark: coming to a Redbox outside of a barred up 7/11 near you!
Proud to say I produced Amityville Karen…along with 200 other people
Just last night I was scrolling through Shudder and I ended up listing off all the new Amityville movies to my husband for a good laugh. Prescient. Truly Red Letter Media is haunted by some sort of psychic ghost. Which is also a shark.
I would bet Hasbro encourages the Ouija C movies because they sell more boards to confused 11 year olds that fall for the watchbait.
Amityville Pregnancy   "For God's sake pull out!"
11:58 This sounds like a line from a Dr. Seuss book 😂
Maybe they consider it free advertising with the cheap Ouija movies.
"Rhinoceros hole?" you mean the rhussy?
ah yes the "please accidentally watch me" genre of movies, what a staple of cinema as an art
Beyond the Black Void needs to have a soundtrack by Sinoia Caves
I am now reassured that Best of the Worst will have material for eternity
I love you hacks never change
When do we get Amityville SpaceCop?
Shark Side of the Moon is an Asylum movie, so it's probably unwatchable garbage. I kinda want to watch it just because of Rich's joke though.
"Execute order Titantic 666!"
Okay but seriously Titanic 666 slaps
You guys better watch an Exercism at 60,000 feet.
By the time of Noah’s shark the word shark began to lose meaning
I’m from Long Island and Amityville is a lovely little town.
8:24 Okay but can I just say, that is genuinely a kickass movie poster design. I'm sure the movie's garbage, but that poster is genuinely awesome.
mike no kid is saying ftw but it's okay you just want to stay in touch with your grandkids
one of the secret to these is theyre super popular in Japan in the Asylum studio in burbank they have all the posters in Japanese
This is the only channel where they can just read off a list and I will watch the whole thing
I just wanna point out that Sky Sharks is a really good song by Steam Powered Giraffe
Can we talk about how they aren’t even coming up with original taglines? They also just reference existing franchises:  House shark: “We’re gonna need a bigger house”  Ouija shark: “You’re gonna need a bigger board”  Or for all the Amityville movies: “For gods sake x”
Wegee was a famous news photographer who specialised in salacious and gruesome crime scene photos; they should make a movie about someone channelling the spirits of the dead who were captured in his images through a OuiJa board and call the movie 'Wegee Ouija'!
Honestly why doesn’t one of these factory film farms contact you guys and hire you (on a nominal budget of course) to make a terrible d list creature feature???  I mean serious wait. Why isn’t anyone doing this.
Rich calling Shark Side of the Moon "Comfortably Dumb" was genius.
What the FUCK is the description of this video? They get more and more unhinged each video. I worry for Mike...
Interesting that there are regional pronunciations of “Ouija”. I have only ever heard it called “wee-gee” in the northeast US.
this was boring
When will Jay give Rich his hair back?
LMFAO!  My eyelids are red from wiping all the tears, thanks.  ❤👍
I always thought it was Ouiji
17:39 Bill Gates wants to know your location, Jay
In your shark film list, it reminded me of a SyFy movie I watched for a bit on Christmas a couple years ago called Santa Jaws. It was about a shark that came to life after a kid drew it with a magical artist pen. it had a candy cane narwhal horn and a giant santa claus hat. It was as dumb as it sounds.
I really want to watch "Sharkansas".
all these horror movies are shot in a way thats either mad tv sketch or old youtube comedy sketch
These guys are different to other YouTubers, to my mind, because it just feels like hanging out with my best friends. I love these guys.
I appreciate that half of RLM's content is just telling Rich about things on camera.
They will never run out of movies to watch
Tubi introduced me to Spark Trek Picart and Numb Bear One. It wasn’t the worst thing in the world.
The amount of old washed up actors/actressess you can notice in clips and on the posters of some of these is crazy.
Shouldn’t that be shark-an-saw….like Arkansas is pronounced?
Unbelievably hilarious that Amityville in space looks better than the nostalgia critic the wall review
Lmao only Mike would assume it's Shark-Kansas and not Sharkansas (Shark-an-saw) 😂
Yeah, nobody cares about the copyright of anything on Tubi. Last time I was at my friends house, we watched “It’s Time to Duel”, which was just some college kids reenacting the first episode of Yugioh. (Also, we watched Action USA, which was fun).
You would think most of these were made up by Mike, but no, they're real.
no 2 Fast 2 Amityville?
Aren't these just called Mockbusters?
I cannot stress this enough, read the descriptions of these videos. You won't regret it.
i thought that was charlize theron in titanic 666 lol
when you mentioned Mark Polonia I Googled it and no joke he directed probably about 10% of the movies named in this video
It's "Sharkansaw" Like shark and Arkansas. Not Kansas.
Accidental Exorcist was actually a super good film, I'm kind of shocked Jay hasn't seen it already. It's about a guy who has a mysterious ability to exercise demons that he doesn't even understand, and he interviews several demons possessing people
It's a Gambrel roof, though I'm not sure if that would fit in a movie title.
Amityville me
All of these movies look like they were shot in 2006.
This was fantastic and I would love more content like this
Someone better get to archiving all these films for future generations.
What's tubi
its supposed to be "Shar-kinsaw" lol @10:03
it _is_ fun to come up with stupid pun names for these kinds of movies. best i could think of while they were going through the list was The Ax-orcist.
Pretty sure it's pronounced Shark-an-saw, y'all.
They left out The Exorcism of My Balls.
i fell for the amityville  werewolf one and the uprising one cause it had zombies. im so ashamed...
The black void is now official, not just sad in the bag
Amazon Prime Video is so, so much worse about this type of thing than Tubi. There’s thousands of legitimately terrible beyond belief horror movies of any type or subject. It’s mesmerizing.  My favorite thing to do is just watch them and laugh at how horrific they are
15:16- WHERE CAN I GET THAT MUG?
Amityville Shark
Thank hell for Tubi
amityville red letter media
Innershark
"Comfortably dumb" is my new favorite saying!
I'm going to spend ten dollars to make a movie called Evil Haunted Ouija Exorcist Conjuring Amityville Sharks and pitch it to Tubi.
Still waiting for Sharklock Holmes
The Exorcism of the Exorcist~
I am left speechless
Fun fact: the name "Oujia" is literally made up gibberish. When thinking of the name, the creators wanted something foreign sounding and unique so they just combined the French and German words for "yes" which is Oui+Ja.
"Just film it at night" rich is so goddamn funny
2020.  The golden age of watchbait.
When's Zak Bagans gonna be on RLM episode? It will be 60 minutes of Mike and Zak trying to convince the rest ghosts are real.
Independents' Day. How much more bait-y can you get.
Is this the new RLM vid? I heard there were stunts in it.
The fact that they didn't make an Exorcism at 20000 leagues under the sea shows how short sighted they are. I guess with the Titanic, we can safely assume it's going to happen soon...
This is the latest entry in a growing RLM video sub-genre: "Reading Stupid Titles to Rich Evans and Watching Him React"
High fives Jay at 2:57.  Knowing frauds.
I watched Exorcism of God! lol it was pretty decent actually. On Starz
"Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark" is the most Seussian thing that Mike has ever said.
Jurassic is another one
god, mike had to sift through a lot of garbage to edit that watchbait montage together. but i appreciate it.
Youtube asked me to change my resolution but i cant find the computer remote and im old and scared please help me other old people on tv
16:32 Holy shit, Lance Henriksen, Bill Moseley, Adrienne Barbeau...I almost feel sorry for them.
sad you didn't show the walking tank from super shark
*Brevity is the Soul of Wit...*
Half of these movies are Mark Polonia joints.
Mike’s leg never stopped moving. RLM? More like RLS.
RLM: You can't copyright windows!  Bill Gates: ...oh, shit, r u sure?
i was hoping they’d get around to Sharkenstein & Sharkula.. Mark Polonia is one of the worst offenders out there 😂😂
Time for more void (⁠　⁠･⁠ω⁠･⁠)
Sharkraham lincolnshark
Everyone send them fake copies of Ouija Shark
Velocipastor
As someone who works in Amityville, this is surreal.
take your time, why don't ya
Juxtaposivulvotron...
There’s a Ouija museum in Salem, Mass and they can answer any and all questions about legality, origins, etc. It was coolest thing I saw in my brief time there.
This sorta feels like Mike and Jay pitching ideas to Rich...in a great way
Shark Shark was good
9:16 thought Mike was digging in his ass
House Shark: You're Gonna Need A Bigger House!
William fuld was the creator of ouija boards. Then he sold it to Parker bros.   Also, Alien Predators was the best of the watch bait titles.
There was a screening at my local art house theatre of Amityville Vibrator and the director was in attendance at the screening! There was a q&a afterward and I got to meet him and he was a very nice man who made a very terrible  movie
If only the licensing costs wouldn't become prohibitive, MST3K would have a field day with some of these
Once again, the Grifter Boys prove themselves to be NOTHING but NO-GOOD HACK FRAUDS by pronouncing Sharkansas as "Shark-ansas", when CLEARLY it should be pronounced as "Shark-an-saw", as it's a REFERENCE to the STATE of ARKANSAS.
brb, off to make The Amityville Shark.
'Shark Of The Corn' may not be punny, but its tagline sure is
I seriously can't get enough of these.
I could sit and listen to The Rich Evans laugh all night long.
Does anyone know how many times Jay does the WAVY-HANDS dismissal thing?  It's like a uhhh body-language meme...a 'gesture'?  He does it far too often and I'm afraid that he clings to it for love of the precious  memory when on one episode of BOTW it ACTUALLY matched his point AND made the other Midwestern males laugh.  O a Nt Bww
Mike was delightfully sans alcoholic beverage here, and it showed.
Can’t believe they didn’t mention the one literally called BAD CGI SHARKS.
I'm really loving this genre of video that is just : mike reads rich a list. I would listen to mike read the dictionary.
The best part of Amityville knockoffs is that the Lutzes tried to sue people for ripping them off, but all of the cases were dismissed because of their own actions. They couldn't sue for the use of their names because they had done so much advertising that they were considered public figures, and they couldn't sue for IP theft because they still claimed everything was true - and you can't copyright a historical event.
I love Rich Evans so much
With the actor's strike and NONE of these people being in unions...these sorta movies will be the box office hits for the next 18 months.
Shark Arkansas = ShArkansas
I went through a period of getting stoned and drinking 40’s in my dorm room watching every shark movie on tubi. I learned that sharks are not animals but malevolent evil beings that love pain and suffering.
Mike is the only person I know who uses both common American pronunciations of “horror”
The worst trilogy: Ouija Shark, Ouija Exorcism, and Shark Exorcism.
They did it, they've run out of movies.
a best of the worst episode where they just hit random on Tubi would be money.
And that was how the amityville demon toilet was defeated once and for all.
For some reason I was hoping this would be a discussion of Beyond the Black Rainbow. This is still quite entertaining
When Mike Stoklasa takes a folded up piece of printer paper out of his pocket, you know you're in for a good time.
These titles solidify the view what one of the RLM’s crew said at some point that in the digital age any untalented hack with a camera and a computer can come up some kind of audiovisual mess that runs for +70 minutes, call it a feature length film, and put it out for everyone to see.
Say what you will about Tubi but it has classic, anime, arthouse and b movies up the wazoo.
"shark-an-saw", please
I got richbaited. Similar, but more shame.
A shark movie called Jaws takes place dans un ville called Amity.
Thank you for my watchlist expansion.
I have seen “virus shark” it was virtually incomprehensible, but it filled a couple of hours, bringing me closer to my inevitable death.
I like how Jay is gaining more hair as Rich loses his, like some sort of hair vampire
Just browsing some of these titles and Noah's Shark and Amityville in Space are produced by the same person and have the same Father performing exorcism in each it appears.  I guess it's an extended universe.
Amittyville - Spoopy Lamp is the best!, its one of my guilty pleasure films. The acting and plot are just that right kind of bad where I can toss this movie on in the background and just laugh at all the bad scenes and stupid moments!
31:12 is the noise I made when this was uploaded.
"Clowns in the Woods" is pretty bad. Ghost clowns.....or clown ghosts?
When is the re:View for each and every one of these shark movies?
missed Trailer Park Shark (2017)
I'm sorry. Amityville Karen is genius.
This is a format that deserves to stick. Between Rich calling Shark Side of the Moon "comfortably dumb", the trailer that almost makes Exorcism at 60,000 Feet look unironically hilarious, and Jay's reaction to the title of Amityville Backpack, the material they get out of terrible modern film trends would make for some great future episodes.
Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre (rhymes with Arkansas) = ancient landsharks chasing boobs, and mildly amusingly awful. Ouija Shark and Virus Shark were depressing (esp given how recent they are), I don't recommend for lolz.
Rich made a funny and it worked! I'm off to buy a lottery ticket!
41 6D 69 74 79 76 69 6C 6C 65
Im so about the jumping the shark era of redlettermedia
All these Shark titles and no Noah's Shark?  Edit: I stand corrected.
As someone that is a shark whore, and that has watched House Shark in its entirety, I can confirm that film is fucking horrible. It's so cheap, and so bad that it is not funny. It's  Wild Eye production, which they've talked about before. And boy, they're fuckin awful. Predator world is the best film that company has made. Give it a shot.
oh that sucks. The microphone. I understand.
Nice PODCAST
Elizabeth Warren, famous ghost-hunter
At first glance I thought it was "Beyond The Black Rainbow" and I got excited
I know this is a dumb comment, but this new segment name has to be an allusion to Beyond the Black Rainbow, right?
I like to thing that FTW stands for Free The Weed, and that Rich Evans smokes Marijuana every time Mike and Jay decide to randomly to film a video without telling him what's about. Loved this new thing, love when you'll all go full detective. And the video description was a whole adventure on itself. Loving this new era of Red Letter Media.
im glad that Jay finally got in on the "reading things to Rich Evans" craze
Glad we have another installment in: "Mike Reads a List to Rich on Camera"
Micro Sharks aka Tiny Jaws  - scientists at an aquatic lab playing around with shrinking rays accidentally shrink killer AI enhanced Sharks and accidentally inject them into the cast, I mean aqua lab workers.
Director of Ouija Mummy here. Just popping in to say it has made my week to see it mentioned briefly on here!
Never change Red Letter Media, never change. We need you now more than ever.
Just keep naming bad movies and metal bands among any other thing remotely funny and have Rich react to them its all great.
Sharkside of the Moon is a guilty pleasure of me and my lads. It is the most dumb thing we have wittnessed.
That plane was able to get up to 60,000 feet by leaving its gear down for extra lift.
I gotta say, I like Ouija Shark's "gonna need a bigger board"
The original spirit board originates from Leominster massachusetts. The company that created it in the early 1900’s was eventually bought by Parker bros
Amityville in Space was actually directed by Mark Polonia, one of the hacks from BOTW classic Feeders.
Sharkansas like Arkansas. Not Kansas.
…always ‘bait when I watch.
I cant believe amityville in space was fucking real. Holy Shit.
Like 10 of these were made by mark Polonia director of feeders
but like... seriously... why don't you release space cop on tubi?  sellout.  I double dog dare you.  :) 😊😊
that description is art
i mean if shark conjuring comes out im going to watch it.
Rich is just too clever.
Red Shark, Blue Shark, One Shark, Two Shark.
SHARKULA is a rapper from Chicago. Every real Chicagoan has met him.
I've been hoping for more rlm shark movies.
Ed Wood was ahead of his time. Poor guy.
I planning on putting more schlock on Tubi
Did I see a clip of Ghost Whatevers using a fuckin' Kinect to 'spot' ghosts?
Man they just dont miss
Those look like quality films
what did I do to deserve a new RLM
I've seen house shark. It's awful. I love it. So painful on subsequent rewatches   Rest in power Darth Squanto
It's nice to see this new show where the guys from RedLetterMedia talk about movies. A real shake-up of the formula!
This entire video I kept hearing “ENDLESS TRASH!” repeat in my head.
sand, land, sky, and house shark sounds like a rejected Dr Seuss book
Alright. So do an Emily Rose review...
Any movie with "Beverly Hills" in the title is far more terrifying then anything named "Amityville".
Definitely would recommend Exorcism of God..... not because it's good...
loving Mike's schizo posting in the description
Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre is actually enjoyable to watch. Made by the same director as Chopping Mall.
Waiting for a week of non stop live stream of you guys watching all the Tubi titles
❤
That's neat. The woman playing the Amityville Karen is the same one who played Lady Gaga in the Key of Awesome vids.
"That title is comfortably dumb."
I was hoping for a beyond the black rainbow vid
asylum posters are in fact made by one guy i know a guy who knows a guy who knows him (was sent the poster for methgator before that movie was announced so i believe it)
I'm gonna Shark My Pants
Amityville Plinkett?
crackoon
Mark Polonia has actually had a hand in directing/producing a significant number of these movies 😂
The amount of laughter Rich Evans expels in this video is inversely proportional to the amount of sorrow he'd experience if he was forced to watch these.   Great video. Made my day.
9:57 It's pronounced SharkanSAW, you cheese-eating alcoholics
TUBIgang
I thought they made a funny fake poster for the Shark Exorcist, but as Mike started listing of the movies i realised that shit actually is real. These posters/titles are hilarious.
That was awful.  Please continue.
Arkham
Amytiville Ouija Shark Conjuring -- coming soon!
I can't wait for the Tubi black void series
SHARKSPLOITATION.
Man, Rich is on FIRE this episode.
Have you guys considered doing a bad horror and releasing it on vhs and beta only?
I like how Sharks of the Corn listed ownership by "Steven Kang" in an attempt to make it look more legit.
I have a really strong feeling that this is one of the ways criminals wash money these days.
Didnt the director of Fire in the Sky just die?
I would say Rich should either just cut the hair or not use back lighting, his hair keeps disappearing.
Is shark exorsits 2 out yet? I cant wait for the sweet seizures on floors
please please do a ouija shark video PLEASE
Quite possibly the best video description of all time.
So glad Doug Walker is still getting work on Tubi!
Do a *FULL REVIEW OF DEATH TOILET!!!!!* I DARE YOU I F-ING DARE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!
9:57 "why is this one Shar-Kansas and this one is not Sh-Arkansas what do you mean 'SHARK-AN-SAW' AMERICA EXPLAIN"
At some point the Missions in Mission Impossible are Possible after 9 times.
Recently got Tubi. It’s better than many services. Shit.
Here is the Sun Shark, and here is the Surf Shark - but where is the Green Shark?
Sharktopus FTW!!!
I've seen Amityville Exorcism, Haunting, and Poltergeist and can't recommend them enough! Amityville Exorcism features Mike's long lost twin brother who plays the drunk dad! Try to tell me that they don't look exactly alike!
I want RLM to film an episode of Ghost Baiters in their haunted ass warehouse.  For realzies and not the lulz.
No... "Raiders of the Lost Shark"? I've watched that one.
was this description written by AI?
hey im doing this with the word apocalypse
My college teacher did the music for ‘Avalanche Sharks’ he showed us rough cut footage when he was working on it. That was my introduction into the world of so bad, it’s good movies.
I'm in a weird limbo where I don't know if I should be delighted or embarrassed that I own a fair bit of the mentioned shark movies on DVD and Blu-ray...
More attention needs to be brought to the taglines on all these movies.   -Amityville Karen - She’d like to speak to the manger… of hell! -Amityville Thanksgiving - Get stuffed mother clucker!   …just as 2 examples.
lol nice rounded bottoms
Can we get Rich a skull shaver? Ditch the fuzz
26:53 The unbridled joy on Rich's face is so wholesome
I believe it's spelled WeeGee board duh
The shot they showed of Ouija shark looked like a joke in photoshop, that's actually real!?!
Loled
Shark titles sounded like a dr. seuss book for a moment haha
All I'm seeing is just even more proof that Tubi is just the best streaming service ever. Seriously, they're awesome. I love the sifting through a bargain bin feeling you get from using them. Videos like this wouldn't be possible without Tubi.
As an eighties kid who grew up with video rentals, I have a deep mistrust of the word 'Ninja'.
I like the new RLM Meta: Reading things off of a list to make Rich Evans laugh
The Amityville Playhouse and The Amityville Theater are the same, but they figured that Americans were too dumb to understand the UK "Playhouse" title, so it was changed to Theater.
Barbie Shark or Sharkenheimer
i literally just noticed this Amityville trend last night
the music on this episode is from donkey kong
Reading the description out loud, I soon realized I was speaking in a foghorn leghorn accent
12:06  Before I watched it, I told a friend to watch Noah's Shark ... just for the title.  My friend has never forgiven me.
'- Of The Dead' is another one you could make a list of. You even touched on a crossover with Exorcism of the Dead.
With the exception of Amityville Curse, all of the Amityville movies made before 2000 are actually very fun. The one with a haunted mirror has a fantastic head explosion.
So Mike comes up with Texorcism, but Sharkansas goes right over his head and calls it Shark Kansas🤔
Missing out on covering something actually important crew.
wow, another metal band name video?
The JSON cinematic universe
It’s not Shar-Kansas. It’s Shark-an-saw. It’s a pun on Arkansas you HACK FRAUDS
I had to restart the video because I started reading the description, couldn't stop, and suddenly was knee deep in Hershey squats with no idea what was going on anymore.
Why would the shark WANT to be on the Ark?
When Rich started talking about chairs, I thought they were gearing up to review Ghostbusters again.
I love seeing a new series debut, because it means they have discovered a new glorious well to extract content from
ITS SHARC-AN-SAW YOU FUNNY PEOPLE.
SharKANSAS should be pronounced "SharkanSAW".
-Rich deserves an award for that Pink Floyd joke at 10:22.
I assume all of these movies were produced for nothing, everyone involved did it for a credit, and Tubi bought them for at most $250 ea.  Some were in a package of five for $900.
Ok have to hand it to Rich , that Comfortably Dumb was Money.
I am going to watch every one of these movies
Unfortunately, I am one of the people who has clicked on and watched most of this garbage on tubi . . . so . . . I blame watching the syfy channel as a child.
Idk what the good exorcist is, but it looks better than every single other movie shown here. Like a bit silly and fun looking. Maybe they baited me but I’d actually give that a shot
Idk what the good exorcist is, but it looks better than every single other movie shown here. Like a bit silly and fun looking. Maybe they baited me but I’d actually give that a shot
Ah, the newest RLM content.  Reading lists!
Go check out the Ouija Museum in Salem, MA!
Shark Shark: the Sharkening
the video frankly ends too soon. BUT the description afterwards was gold.
"Exorcism at 60,000 Feet" has the hottest HOTTEST bathroom scene. 😂🔥👹
Ummm yeah, drug laundering scheme anyone?
I love Tubi. It reminds me of the early days of Netflix streaming, a Wild West of no budget garbage, conspiracy “documentaries”, and movies that are not as much art as they are evidence of a crime.
Rich missed a golden opportunity when Jay said "Trademarts" 5:27
Amityville Bigfoot coming 2023!!!
Here's a freebie: The Sharxorcism.
“Beyond the naming conventions of random things, movies, or shows episode 3” should be the real title. No more of this “our least viewed episode bullshit.
My favorite part of any RLM video is when there's just a 5 second pause for Mike to take out a piece of paper.
I thought "Beyond The Black Void" was a movie title and I was interested, I was watchbaited
I laughed way harder during this video than I should have....
The Warrens had a maid they forced to get an abortion. Skeletons in the closet galore.
seven hundred seventy ninth!!!
R.I.P to the oversized toddler that had to die in order to provide Rich with a replacement diaper and clothing. Truly inspirational.
F tee dubyu 👴 as the kids say
American History Exorcist
I love the fact that Zak Bagans has now assumed a weird mastermind sort of role, sitting in front of screens like an even more occult weirdo just pulling the strings of his crew. I miss how he used to make Nick Groff dance. "Go set up some X cams." Ahh the good old days.  But the addition of the little dancing leprechaun linemen on that little screen thingy is fun. But that was already like ten seasons ago by now. And now every time he gets possessed its like, "oh yeah again? boy you sure do get possessed a lot." And of course Aaron Good-one is still awesome.  Oh yeah and "Jurassic Dead" is a prime example.
I made Amityville Christmas Vacation! Actually posted in the subreddit that I won a Fangoria Chainsaw Award for "Best Amityville" so it's officially THE BEST.  I just saw how many Amityville movies there were and lost my mind that it became a "genre." When I realized there hasn't been a "Christmas" one yet I KNEW I had to be the first. So I made it a straight up Hallmark Romantic Comedy just to make sure the first Christmas Amityville wasn't some try hard horror film. Make it as a total parody to take the piss out of the genre.  But I made it in TWO DAYS with $300 whole dollars, $50 of which went towards replica Clark Griswold pajamas, because I originally just made it as a joke/gag. Then of course it gets me some of the most press I've ever gotten for ANY of my movies because that's how life works.  Edit: YouTube keeps not letting me reply but some of my other films include CarousHELL 1 and 2 (3 next month) and Shingles the Movie.
I thought this was going to be about "Beyond The Black Rainbow" (2010)
I thought this was going to be a review of Beyond the Black Rainbow because my brain didn't remember the correct title
A bunch of the tubi horror films even use the same actors and footage. That's why they recycle themes so much, so they can just re-use what they already made.
Ouija Shark is already out???
That damn haunted Amityville haunted damn lamp...I hate that lamp.
Ooooooh it's Shark-in-saw... like Arkansas... I just thought it was Shark/Kansas. I do know how to pronounce the two states. However, I often show up to these shoots liquored up and I'm partially blind because I once saw a demon.
Oh my God
You were wondering how the shark got in the lake in Shark Lake? I was only paying like 50% attention but from what I gathered Dolph Lundgren put it there for some mob boss so they could use it for body disposal.
We have Amityville Cop and Amityville in Space, but... is there an Amityville Space Cop?!
Remember when Plinkett read the dvd titles. This would have been a great Plinkett mini
All these movies make me want to shark myself
All alone in a semi sleeper bunk somewhere in West Virginia, I applauded Rich Evans for saying "comfortably dumb".
i love seeing rich get such a deep laugh from jay
You can see the moment Rich just starts thinking about that baseball bat again Over And Over
brb trademarking The Amityville Purge
I recognized the shark on the cover. That's the kind of bad influence RLM can have on you
That the ARKANSAS flag, you hack frauds!! It's pronounced SHARK-CAN-SAW.
The only thing Tubi is good for these days is watching Colombo goddamnit!
A cheezy horror movie on Tubi worth watching is Hell on the Shelf! 😆
Tubi is the shiz. T&A forever
Good to know that Shark Exorcist still plagues RLM
If the boys do a follow up to this, how about all the low budget movies with giant CGI snakes? So many of those back then since a tube that bends is the easiest thing to animate on a low budget.
I waited with bated breath for 27 minutes for the mention of Amityville Vibrator and I'm so not disappointed. Thank you RedLetterMedia for heightening attention to Amityville Vibrator
I want to see episodes from SO MANY of these movies!
wouldnt Amityville The Next Generation just be Event Horizon
Exorcist Shark
Im wondering why they didn't talked about the COP watch bait. Oh wait, because they made one themselves.
BEAU IS AFRAID YOU HACKS! I need it….
Jay makes Mike's lists. "I didn't put any of those (Sharknados) on the list."
Amityville Human Centipede
Oh FFS it's not KANSAS, it's ARKANSAS!!!
I have a suspicion that Mike and Jay are pulling some sick joke and are fabricating all of these tubi films. The clip at 27:10 looked identical to the editing in Half in the Bag and Space Cop. Mike must have some plot to advance Rich’s dementia by feeding him the idea of these nonsensical movies… It’s all starting to make sense..
The Amityville Fisting
Every October I binge as many horror movies as I can, and I keep a list of each year's on letterboxd  In 2021 I went to add an amityville horror movie and discovered how many there were  Never one to partially complete a series in October of last year I watched ALL of the amityville movies out at that time, and learned anyone can put amityville in the title of their movie  I would say 3 of the 5 worst movies I've ever seen seen were amityville movies
That montage at the end, I realized "Are they all trying to be the next The Room or Birdemic?"
For the first time in awhile, I realize Rich Evans is not the fattest of the crew...
The description alone made laugh more than anything else in recent memory
Review Sound of Freedom and destroy the chuds
Might be crazy but I kind of want to see "Noah's Shark".
Pool Shark: A talented pool player is alarmed to find a shark has taken up residence in his backyard swimming pool.
Whut da
that's the longest I've gone without an RLM video, I feel so weak and vulnerable.
Amityville Thanksgiving sounds like a real Turkey.
Haha knew it was jays fault😊
It's funny that they say these are clickbait titles because the word exorcism makes me avoid the movie
Thr guy on the toilet looks suspiciously like Mike.......
That description lol
My favorite Tubi date night watch is Raiders of the Lost Shark
Shartnado VII: Rectal Vortex
This video FTW!
There are some gems on there. Some of my favourites are:  The Banshee Chapter  Horror in the High Desert (1 and 2) Savageland
10 minutes in and I'm eaten away by curiosity if they are going to realize it was probably supposed to be ShArkansas as opposed to SharKansas.  If you pronounce it as such, it also makes it sound like a cross with another horror series.
What about, "THE CONJURNADO OF AMITYVILLE SHARK MASSACRE"?
There should be a movie called COCAINE SLOTH and it moves at regular speed.
God, like literally. I think once God himself is possessed then you're screwed. Not sure how you going to exorcise that.
My first watchbait movie was War Of The Worlds 2. That's right, the sequel to War Of The Worlds with Tom Cruise. Or at least so I thought. It's a HILARIOUSLY bad independent direct-to-DVD movie capitalizing on the fact that H.G. Wells has been dead for a good few decades now and his work is in the public domain.
26:53 ... In space....
I was tricked by the title of this video...
Tubi should hire the fellas to do a “Joe Bob Briggs” style show where they watch shitty movies on Tubi.
I will not have any slander against Sharkansas Women's Prison Massacre.  It is the greatest cinematic tribute to the Tremors series ever made, and I force my friends to watch it every year. You get Swamp Sharks! Cave Sharks! (Regular?) Sharks! Dirt Sharks! What more do you need?
Jersey Shore Shark Attack is a late winter classic. Don't bully my friend. Every year, we revisit the movie, at least it tries, kind of. Love you JSSA, see you in February.
I actually like Rich’s idea for ‘Noah’s Shark’. I imagine Noah going “What the hell happened to my two unicorns?”.
Absolutely fantastic
Very cool
Gilgo Shark Exorcist V. Amityville Buttafuoco - Conjuring Poltergeists: The Battle for Long Island
Why are some of the best RLM videos just Mike reading lists to Rich
Is this replacing half in the bag
I want an episode where Mike just talks about ghosts while Jay and Rich suffer
11:58 Dr Seuss shark
9:00 Rich looks like He's wearing hi heals
My entire existence is just waiting for them to watch Cryptz and Deathstalker 3
Amityville IN SPAAAAAAAAACCCCEEEEE
but miiiiike its Sharkansas now shar kansas
I don’t know if this is a bit or not, but Sharkansas is Arkansas, not Kansas. So it’s pronounced shark-an-saw
10:13 rich evans best comeback
It's actually pronounced 'Shark-an-saw' as in 'what did shark an saw? the same thing that dolphin see."
Where is “Amityville Space Cop”?
17:28 amytiville in the HOOD!! 😅😅
amityville karen NEEDS to be on best of the worst!!! bring those crazy canadians into to suffer...i mean watch it too.
Mike spitefully not cutting away to footage of the movies just because Jay said he would. The man has ODD and I love it.
If only Ronald DeFeo Jr knew about Amityville Karen.
Rich really knows his Classic Rock
God I love a Mike List Video
Comfortably Dumb... I feel you, Rich Evans
That description was a whole experience.
Ghost WHACKERS
I enjoy that Mike has now roped Jay into the "reading lists of names to Rich" genre of videos.
14:58
Sharkansas is Arkansas not Kansas
I swear if they mention Amityville Karen or Amityville Shark House
I'm glad someone is finally calling out this paranormal bullisht,  Amityville was a hoax there were no ghosts, the Warren's were fraudsters, and the creepy photo of the kid in the photo taken at the Amityville house was the photographers son .
You don't put on a GOOD movie when you're trying to bang during most of it. I think that's the only reason why these exist, and/or why any of them get any complete playthroughs. My bad y'all 😂
Technically we should see more alien ghosts than regular ghosts because I'm told Greys have three souls so obviously I find the concept of ghosts dubious.
I hold my head low as I type this, but I have seen almost every Shark movie Mike reads off.
I knew it! Around the 10th Amityville movie I was saying, "there's gotta be an Amityville Toilet!" I'm not even done with this video yet and I'm doing the same thing for Amityville Toothbrush.
I think Mike just likes to write things on paper, and comes up with video ideas around how many things he can write down lol
Lezduit!
A brand new segment? OH MY GHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD
man...fuck this.
Ghost UFO!
Sharks of the Corn is weirdly sexual. Gave me the heebie jeebies.
24:50 Hex as in hexadecimal? o_O
When the description is like that, it's bound to be a banger video. Hats off to Rich Evans for exceeding his workout goals so hard he needs a diaper.
FTW
You know the ghost hunters are serious when they buy their equipment from Parker Brothers.
the kids don't say ftw anymore...
The whole shark sub-genre is just a front for money laundering for Ukraine.
06:46 Spirit Boards were used by Spiritualists in the 19th century. The use of a pointer on a board covered with letters to divine answers by querying a spirit or ghost is called _dactilomancy_ . The Parker Brothers version has Yes and  No spots on it, which is why it's called _Oui / Ja_ [French and German respectfully for "Yes"]. I'm surprised Mike didn't know this already.
I was almost expecting them to go on a 30 minute deep dive about chairs in the beginning.
According to IMDb, Mark Polonia (of Feeders “fame”) not only directed Amityville Death House, but many other listed films. Good to know he’s still putting out quality work.
Good to see Tara Reid is still getting work.
Did you guys know that the a-holes who own Fox News ALSO own Tubi? And b/c Fox News is no longer profitable, they use the money from Tubi to buttress Fox News. You can look it up! In sum: Stick to Vudu! (Owned by the evil Walmart overlords...)
I swear Nun is another key word. Elvis the alien did a vid on the subject of 4 different nun films. Good stuff
I got a magic word that makes people think they are watching a real movie…..space….oh and cop 8)
I like how at no time has Mike ever felt the need to tell Rich what they’re filming until cameras are rolling
Booo👎😄👎
So did we just get a preview of the next 10 years of Plinketto?
I love stuff like this. Geezer teasers, Elsagate, Roger Corman, modern Disney. It's always so disgustingly fascinating when people try to churn out art on an assembly line.
Wooooooo❤!!!!
It's funny this is about sound-alike titles because there's this horror picture called "beyond the black... OHHHH, I GET IT!!
Titanic 666 is one helluva deathmetal band.
i grew up like 15 min from that house.. we all went there after the movie, well everyone did. the friday the movie opened when we were in HS//  cops came.. sent everyone home... we fcked up those ghosts lawns...;)
"We wasn't" Never change, you hack frauds...
*_Anyone interested in a pointless Star Trek fact ... at _**_16:36_**_ Adrienne Barbeau played Romulan Senator Kimara Cretak in the DS9 episode "Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges"_*
I think that should be SH-Arkansas, not Shar-Kansas
Shark side of the moon made my day.
Please keep putting Rich in the thumbnails
I hope beyond the black void just becomes a series about random rabbit holes they go down
Now this is Watchbait!
12:01 House Shark is a legit "so bad it's good" movie. Stupid af but fun and watchable
"The ones who is trying to trick yeah..." Oooooh, a movie about politicians then....??
It’s not “Shar-Kansas” it’s “Shark-an-saw.”
I have probably watched at least half of the movies on this list and yes I am ashamed of myself
This is a great video, but I’m a little disappointed Rich’s head wasn’t replace with a shark head. To hear his iconic laugh emit from a Great White would have been amazing
I had a friend who made one of the later Amityville movies and she said it was a blast just getting to do whatever the hell she wanted.
This is a interesting point to making during a writers strike.
Ouija is simply a combination of the German and Spanish words for "yes".
*Please* review "The Sound Of Freedom"!!! Thanks. Great episode btw. Really enjoy it.
You interrupted my bi-daily viewing of Mr. Plinkett’s review of the Force Awakens for this?
Shark-demic, would the sharks have a mask over their mouths or would they have like two masks, one for each set of gills?
A shark conjuring?! Better call a Shark Exorcist.
everybody's worried about the AI content future but we're already there
David Gordon Green said all the ‘Exorcist’ movies would be canon to his new one, ‘Believer,’ so I wouldn’t be surprised if we got member berries to God himself getting an exorcism and underage girls writhing in the dirt.
Absolutely more of these, please!
i wonder what % of those shark movies have "You're gonna need a bigger..." whatever as the tagline. got to be high 90s
Not shar-kansas, shark-n-saw. Get it right.
I love that massively delayed laughter of Rich Evans on 'The exorcism of God' name reveal.
Can't we get a "RLM Production of a Tubi Original" or some such crap? There's no way Tubi would turn it down. It'd probably be their most watched original ever.
I like how off the bat, 9:57 , Mike mispronounces Arkansas, completely negating the pun and nobody cared enough to notice or point it out during the editing.
I'd rather watch Amityville Clownhouse than regular Clownhouse, the movie where Victor Salva molested a child actor. The boy was blackballed from the industry but Francis Ford Coppola continues to fund Salva's projects.
The movies that intentionally skirt copyright do it because they know the owners don't want to be knee deep in sending out lawsuits. They take up time and money. Most of these lawsuits would probably end up in a net negative profit anyway.
Can we all just give Rich Evans some love, that Pink Floyd joke was actually pretty damn great, and it even landed pretty swell. NOT ONE FLUB! What a legend!
This isn’t a review of The Batman
Another great example of a watchbait word that has instant brand recognition but that anyone can use:  Jurassic
I thought it was a "meg" episode
I feel like one genre rampant with this is romantic comedies. the amount of trite little phrases that can be turned into puns with two people standing back to back smirking is infinite
For every title, they think up a better story than the actual movie, and for every plot they can think of a better title. Rich and Mike can see a movie once and think up like 3 or 4 ways the movie would be better.
I LIKE THE THINGS THESE PEOPLE SAY!
BRAVO. This must have taken a lot of work and time to find all that hilarious footage. Thank you. I'm kinda interested in checking out some of these.
Watch RLM just becoming listing funny titles of things
This new Genre of "Mike reads a list of things" is currently my new favorite RLM series.
How dare you snub the film of the year candidate, VelociPastor
The Hitler Shark Toilet Exorcism
Mike spent too much of the company credit card renting movies from Vudu so they had to sell their sets to not go in debt and have now cleverly created a new show that would allow them to film in front of a black void.
Thanks for tonight's entertainment, hacks. Always good when I get a RLM notification.
Mike always goes wild with those descriptions. He should give himself a raise
New show!!
So, are we officially at the point  were movies are just an inherent parody of themselves now?
Stupid sexy Jay Bauman
Such a long description for us fans who can't read
In solidarity with the strike, we're going to talk about movies that will undoubtedly be written by AI in 2 years.
Even as a dumb child who thought Carmosaur was fine art, I remember seeing the cover of Amityville 3D and thinking, "Ohh wait, these movies are trash..."
Mike over here thinking no one is gonna read the description lmao
NO LOAN SHARK??!?!?!
Watch Sound of Freedom
The Absolut Vodka bottle took a sec.....
This sucks. Why aren't they talking about Star Trek?
You hacks need to get in on this, Amityville Shark Exorcist in Space would be epic
I have to commend Rich Evans for actually thinking of a good joke and then not fumbling the bag on the delivery at 10:18, he's becoming more powerful by the day.
amityville death toilet sounds like a good death metal band name
Now I'm imagining Rhinos burrowing underground and thinking that it could be a new horror schlock movie "Burrowing Rhinos"
I need you butt munchers to fix my VCR.
Jay’s hair is huge.
For those who may not be in the loop, unfortunately Jay overdosed on water soon after the filming of this episode. Rich declined to comment but Mike went on record, saying that he had noticed Jay's addiction to water lately and that he tried several times to discourage Jay from continuously consuming large doses of water.  Good news is that at the time of overdose, Mike and Rich were present and took Jay to the emergency room immediately.  Jay is now recovering and according to a source that preferred not to be named, he's reflecting on his water addiction. Our thoughts and prayers are with Red Letter Media family at this difficult time.   p.s. good episode. Thank you guys!
So what is the ultimate watch bait movie title? American Titanic Amityville Ouija Exorcist Sharks on a Plane?
Sorry to hear about Rich's diaper. I hope it got a proper and respectful disposal (cremation) in accordance to code.
All I know about the Pope's Exorcist is the crowd at Wrestlemania boo'ed whenever they showed ads for it
These movies only exist to launder money. That's the only thing that makes sense.
Can't wait for the inevitable Sharkansas Vs Texorcism crossover
Jersey Shore shark attack is actually pretty funny, you hate all the characters so you end up rooting for the shark.
Witches in days gone by were roasted just like my Vienna sausage.
great video. do one with zombies and vampires
I will give TUBE has a nice backlog of 70-80-90 So bad its good movies that would be right at home on redlettermedia.
I love this shit. Fuck you guys.
Please dear god, Watch Amityville in Space for BotW and discuss just how much of an abomination it is!
Actually I believe its pronounced "SHARK-AN-SAW" like the state of ARKANSAS and should be spoken in southern drawl...
YAY BLack Void, my favorite!
That description is a work of art
What about "Amityville Amityville". It's so terrifying terrifying, we have to say it twice twice.
I hope that RLM eventually does Amityville: Backpack (28:52) on Best of The Worst!! Here's hoping!!
You guys are really great at coming up with stuff! Have you ever thought about making terribly low budget films? Maybe some sort of genre film, like a police procedural or sci-fi film. I bet it would be a massive failure and turn everyone involved into shells of their former selves who only complain on the internet about true auteurs, like the writer and director of "The Cursed Amityville Exorcism of Lady Sharkley: Victorian Mutant Zombie Stripper and the Mulit-Verse Ouija Clown Jamboree."
Best of the Worst: Shark vs Ammity
Where is Tom Cruise doing stints in?
Mike looks like he could end it any day now.
I’m a kid! I went FTW!
Rich should be a studio executive. He made Noah's Shark an amazing idea in two seconds.
Just another excuse for Mike to defend his belief of ghosts and Ghost Adventures.
If AI didn't write the description then I think Mike needs a "food meeting" to help him move into the Alzheimer's home.
Yayyyy
House Shark is about a realtor shark that eats his clients.
Well, here we are. Again. How is everyone doing?
How does a shark get in a lake? Not having seen the movie, I'm guessing Bull Shark.
'The Amityville Shark Exorcist'  Shark-Human Hybrid is an Exorcist from Amityville
Best of the Worst Tubi edition?
Um actually...it's pronounced "SharkanSAW"
I love that this video is "Mike and Jay learn some stuff to tell Rich for his reactions". This is my favourite game show
Mike pronouncing SHARKANSAS [ shahrk-kuhn-saw ] as Shark-ansas made me smile. Especially how he convinces Rich that this is the correct title pronunciation.
Cant believe they got the ok for the Dr. Strange cameo in Ouija Shark
Yeah, that's pretty much all you can praise about Dead Reckoning. Certainly not the dialogue.   I need the key. I want the key. Who has the key? They have the key. Let's get the key. He has the key. She has the key. I dropped the key.  We need the key. Let's find the key.  I got the key!
We need a channel of just Mike reading bad movie titles to Rich.
I think “Amityville Karen” looks like it has possibilities.
missed one: "Trump vs Illuminati" which has a whopping 0 frames of either - and a 2.2/10 on imdb. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Hasbro is probably fine with other entities using the ouija boards and name. It encourages more sales.
Apparently, only women get possessed in movie posters. 😉
How does one make this garbage and be okay with themselves?
The Shark Exorcism of Amityville: Conjuring
24:17 Mark Polonia is actually to blame for more of the movies here than just Amityville Death House—he also directed Amityville in Space, Amityville Exorcism, Amityville Island, Sharkenstein, Sharkula, Shark Encounters of the Third Kind, Land Shark, Noah's Shark, Virus Shark, and Doll Shark!
27:10 Wow, it's great to see that To Boldly Flee got the sequel we've all been waiting for.
Dear god the video description is a masterpiece that could only be conjured from the brain of a madman.
The sound of Mike's notes now gets me so excited and also gives me ASMR.
I love these "Hey let's just look up wild things that actually exist and record Rich Evans laughing at them" videos. It's an entire content sub-genre at this point. Lol
COMFORTABLY DUMB
It’s not Shark-Kansas guys. It’s Shark ARKANSAS. I won’t stand for Arkansas erasure
I love "Tom Cruise stints"!
It isn’t Shar-Kansas. It’s Sh’Arkansas. Pronounced “Sharkansaw.”
Amityville Pencil Sharpener when 😤
Ahh yes, the Dr Seuss classic, Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark. It's out of print. You probably haven't read it.
Mike "FTW as the kids say today."  Mike, no kid has said that for at least 5 years.
"Shar-Kansas"
Glad they mentioned mikes favorite movie shark exorcist
Accidental Exorcist: in walks Mr. Magoo
Yessss.. about time .. there back .. can't wait for there half in the back movie catch up .  Love there suggestions .. honestly wat helped me spread the word of great movies especially from Mike and Jay's suggestions
fatal deviation
shark
Is Beyond The Black Void replacing Plinkett Reviews?
Thanks Ray and Ike and Rick
‘’I keep hearing things in my head to do things’’  - Amityville Hex
Dibs on "The Amityville Shark Conjuring" as a bandname.
If ghosts were real, then it would be important to bind them to objects, so that Parker Brothers can take them to court and then sue them for using Ouija boards as a medium of communication, rather than their intended purpose.
Ghost Shark is actually a pretty funny one
"I don't know if you'd call it a rabbit hole..."  You call it a "shit hole." It's right there.
comfortably numb is on the wall
Is this sort of like a Producers thing? Like the producers over budget a bad movie, raise the funds, make it on the cheap and then keep the rest of the money raised?
At Noah's Shark, the word shark stopped having any meaning. Lol
Rich's laugh rightly gets a lot of praise. But this was the first time I realized how much I love it when Rich makes Jay laugh! God this video is funny
@11:57 sounds like Mike is reading me a goodnight Dr. Seuss tale.
Ghosts are absolutely real, i've seen them and felt them multiple times at the old bar i work at.
I watched them talk about Amityville for like three minutes thinking the whole thing was a bit centered around a play on the phrase "amid evil" before googling it
Damn it Redletter media I just took a shower and now I don’t feel clean from all this shit.
So this is how they announce the second season of Best of the Worst.
I see and endless list of best of the worst episodes.
Jesus Christ they're almost all as awful as To Boldly Flee.
am I the only person alive who remembers the "amityville horror" sequel about a lamp that killed people? i'm 100% being serious. EDIT: 19:30 i guess I'm not crazy.
Don't rag on Amityville Dollhouse it has some of the best "plot" in the serie. RIP LRK
shark side of the moon...
Love watching jay continue his transformation into Obi Wan
Still waiting for Amityville Shark Exorcist Poltergeist Ouija
Tubi should give you a big sponsorship after this much of a promotion
I literally “lol’d” when rich dropped “comfortably dumb” on us
I MUST get a Sharkenstein poster. RIGHT. NOW. 😎
You can hear the rehab in Tara reids voice
I don't know why exactly, but something tells me the name "Beyond the Black Void" was chosen by Jay...
Amityville Bake-Off
I'm sorry but now I actually have to watch Ouija Shark
does the writer's strike mean we will get more or less movies like this?
Rich Evans looking balder than ever thought possible.
I just got off Key Gripping on one of these and it was an awful experience crew side
Nobody pointed out that it was 'Steven Kang's Sharks of the Corn' which makes it 10x funnier imo.
You probably didn't realize that when you edited all those clips back to back, it made the movies look horrible.
It has been very rare that I comment. However, I have watch redlettermedia for many many years. When I saw this video was available to be seen I literally gasped. I look forward to seeing these people more than anything else.
THE BOYS MADE IT TO SHARKENSTEIN
Rich is to pure for this world.
We need one of these, but Mike brings in way too many guests, even McCauley Culkin, and everyone awkwardly listens to him read off brand names for Japanese power cords
It's Sharkansas not Shakansas!
Of course Rich predicted there'd be an Amityvile in Space
"American Curse of the Amityville Shark Exorcist Conjuring: Requiem" There. Now where's my $20?
So we're going to get a Plinkett review on every one of these, right?
"The Exorcism of God" I'm sure there's a JRPG with this plot.
The Insidious Ouija Exorcism of the Evil Amityville Horror House...the movie.
10:10 Rich Evans rebounding the laugh onto Jay is the most wholesome and funny thing I've seen in quite a while
Goatse Conjuring
Tubi is full of bad movies... you do a whole series on it
11:20 I was waiting for the “Um actually it’s Sharkenstein’s monster” joke.
Death Toilet is so appropriate at the moment XD
Tom Cruise with another successful Scientology crowdfunding campaign.
I've seen a few of the generic Amityville movies. Very disappointing to find out that Amityville Scarecrow got a sequel.
I love that Mike and jay kept saying they went down a rabbit hole when tubi had a whole marketing campaign centered around going down the rabbit hole
Conjuring the American Ouija Shark Ghost.
been waiting for RLM to discover tubi for a long time now
I was dog-sitting and the place had peacock so I went through their horror category, and it had maybe the worst horror movie I've ever seen called The Farm.
Movie idea: people get trapped in a flooded mall electronics store with a shark. The title: The Sharker Image
This is the longest RLM video description of all time. Feels good.
"That title is comfortably dumb."  - Rich Evans  -  Legendary
Actually, Sharkenstein is the doctor.
you joke but the new asylum little mermaid movie literally used ai for their poster
A significant chunk of those shark movies are made by Mark Polonia! That’s where he ended up after John died
6:33 why are they doing Tara like that 😆
Ghost vampire zombie clown shark III : The Beginning of the middle of the end of Ghost vampire zombie clown shark part 1
eric roberts is the modern cameron mitchell
Thanks for giving my flick Amityville Vibrator a mention, guys. I started writing that movie in 2017 to poke fun of the Amityville knock-off trend. There were only ten of them at the time, I believe. If I only knew where they'd be today. Haha.
I am glad to see RLM phoning it in so often as of late and still be pretty entertaining!
I love the soundtrack under the clip of Ouija Shark that's a blatant but legally distinct Jaws ripoff
Amazed on how they'll do anything to avoid going to the movie theater.
Hollywood is terrible, so terrible.
A Scanner Sharkly
Lorraine Warren for President!
"comfortably dumb" was a major W for Rich
sincerely genuine question - when was the last time the RLM crew went on holiday? like to Cancún, or Mykonos??
I watched Shark Side of the Moon. The opening is kind of okay, with mutant human shark hybrids escaping from a Russian base, but it’s Asylum, so it’s all downhill from there.
That moment when I realize my friend was in Titanic 666 🫠😂
is it Sharkansas or "Sharkansaw"?
Honestly thought the first glimpse of Ouija Shark (2020) was done in editing as a joke.
awesome!!!
I'm not proud of being from Arkansas but I still feel like I have to correct and say that Sharkansas would be pronounced "Shark an Saw."  Not Shark-ansas.
I love episodes like this where they just read names of stuff 😂
i have shark man, he is not a shark!!!
Jays hair is starting to form a hair helmet.
Hi Mike
remember watching sharkside of the moon with some friends and we kept debating whether to keep watching it or watch a space odyssey
Pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried. There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burger, shrimp sandwich.
9:56 they combined Shark and Arkansas. So it’s shARKANSAS
Comfortably Dumb is a beautiful joke.
I refuse to believe that Ouija Shark and Amityville Death Toilet actually exist
It's probably supposed to be Arkansas with sh in front of it, not Kansas with shark in front of it
I didn't even know there were "Tubi Originals"
Jay looks like a sexy high school history teacher
Did the filmmaking genius behind Ouija Shark make the movie after seeing the BotW episode on Shark Exorcist to rip off an idea too stupid not to copy?! The clip they play in the beginning looks like the woman who is "slow" in Shark Exorcist, and the tagline "you're gonna need a bigger board" sounds like Shark Exorcist's "you're gonna need a bigger cross!" Plus Ouija Shark looks like it was filmed in an afternoon and it came out the year after the BotW episode. Plenty of time to add the terrible visual effect clipart of a shark and release the movie to Tubi.  I mean... probably not. But I want to believe.
I love how 50 percent of these shark movies (sand shark, ouija shark) all have a girl in a bikini facing away on the cover
All these movies existing must be some algo rhythm / SEO nonsense, right?
Texorcism sounds like the perfect idea for a King Of The Hill horror project. Dale Gribble would obviously be the lead.
I check the "List of Works based on The Amityville Horror" Wikipedia page at least twice a year!
Steven Kang's Sharks of the Corn
Good lord….. I watched this.     Absolute
WOOOOO!😊
Shark Force One
Havent started the video yet will it be about mike reviewing ghost shows?? I hope it is
“The Exorcism of God” should be the name of the finale of the Mandela Catalogue, whenever that happens.
They said “Sharkansas” wrong. They don’t know the title is even better than they think!
“There’s a lot of stuff that fits in this hole” - Mike Stoklasa, 2023.
All these movie titles sound like porn parodies without the porn.
Rich's "Comfortably Dumb" joke has me rolling.  Grade A material.
We're cursing again!?
Jay is really flaunting that beautiful full head of hair in front of those 2 old guys.   This is my favorite new RLM show. Have Rich show up with no idea what's going on and make him laugh.
FTW
"Shark side of the moon" - oh that title is comfortably dumb.  - Best joke ever.
I find it funny that they've used the black void set enough times they just made a series for it
This should be the replacement for “Fuck you it’s January!”
"Wasn't Warren the UFO guy?" No, Rich. That was the *Waltons.*  🙄 Ohhh, the elderly and their silly old mashes and gilligans...
lmao did Mike write that description!?
That is the most unhinged description I've ever read.
I wonder if Stephen Kang's Sharks of the Corn was adapted by Senior Spielbergo.
"They're spirits are still in the house. Let's try to contact them". Why do you need a plank of cardboard then?   If they are still there, just say 'Hi'.   Duh
I actually watched Sharktopus - I remember having a good time laughing at it, but I don’t know if anyone else would enjoy it.  Also, you gotta pronounce it like “shark-*toe*-pis”, because that’s how the person I watched it with said it when we saw the title.
Oh no...what have I done. But I'm glad they admit we are just a no budget joke. But we The Outhouse still love you 💕
I hope it’s actually Sharkansas like Arkansas and not Shark Kansas.
Conan is in sharktapus isnt he?
I'm surprised you didn't mention amityville death chamber
Rich got one. He did it.
The black void is my life
Rich's Floyd zinger had me rolling
One of the most unique laughs on the planet @10:11 😄
It's pronounced "Sharkensaw" for christ sake.
The Amityville Shark Exorcist.
Rich means the Warren Commission created to investigate the JFK assassination. If there's a conspiracy, there's a Warren involved.   This is my Warren Conspiracy conspiracy
tubi is my favorite. my friends hate me
Funny how Mike pulled it out of his *ss
"Comfortably dumb"  This is why Rich makes the big bucks.
Shakansas?! Don't you mean SharkanSAW?
This reminds me of Patrice O’Neal making fun of Syfy channel movies. He said if they did Jurassic Park it would have been called Dinosaur Forest.
"Steven Kang's" Sharks Of The Corn....actually.
I love Mike's new obsession of reading lists of titles on camera
I understand the mistake because I made the exact same mistake the other day but LORRAINE Warren was the ghost lady and Elizabeth Warren was the presidential candidate in 2020.
Premiering as a Tubi original, 'The Ouja Shark Conjuring of the Amityville Blood Exorcist 2'
"Sand Shark, Land Shark, Sky Shark, House Shark"  What is this Dr. Seuss?
What what is 28:30  this
i want a series where mike reviews movie ideas from his dreams  [also want that pluto nash re-view video with mike talking to himself]
Okay Jay is officially turning into Captain America in Infinity War again
12:10 The shark is mad because Noah didn't bring him? Noah bringing the fish? Que god asking from on high "Noah, what the f@#$ are you doing?"
yes
I'm offended at myself that it took me 5 minutes before realising there wasn't a movie called Beyond the Black Void entering the discussion
I remember when Jay did short videos or when Jay and Rich would discuss shows, do more of those!
22:49 me almost all of them
the fact that ouija shark is not a joke pulled out of their ass but an actual movie genuinely shocked and frightened me more than some actual horror movies
Sharkansas  like Arkansas
interesting that exorcism at 60,000ft features lance hendrickson
I have found good films on Tubi but the words ‘Tubi Original’ gives me cold sweats of fear
Finally! I was getting depressed
Child Anakin could defeat all the sharks “Hit the nose!”
funny you mention AI given there was a tweet someone made where they found a movie on tubi entirely by AI.
JUST IN TIME FOR SHARK WEEK
Is it Sharkansas or Sharkansas? Pronunciation unclear.
I love all the garbage and foreign treasures it has
I am currently  bleeding out from a severe kitchen mishap involving cheese graters but I'm watching this anyway
10:18 That's the most real laugh I've ever heard Jay do. Thank you Rich Evans. You've EnRICHed our lives again.
Mike, I’m sorry to ruin your much better pronunciation of SharKansas, but it’s probably intended to be pronounced like Arkansas for the sake of the rhyme.
"Comfortably dumb" got me good.
4:38 the mummy, there are so many that have been made in the past 5 years, the mummy: rebirth, the mummy resurrected, rise of the mummy, the mummy: reborn and this one movie with tom cruise just called the mummy
I’m from Amityville😂 Long Island, Suffolk County represent 🤘🏼. Now we have the Gilgo Beach murderer caught too!🎉
That background is the blackest thing to ever host in this channel.
Between this and Rich watching the Nuremburg trials, RLM is truly breaking new ground!
Not today, old friend.
I always think of the Amityville toaster. Don't put waffles in the Amityville toaster!!
famous ghost hunter, elizabeth warren
From black void to white noise!!! You crazy boogers you!!!!
Mike continues his unhinged video description rants.
Idk why you guys don't review stuff that isn't a blockbuster. If it doesn't get as many views fair but I kinda miss stuff that would end up on the end of the year catch up
Oh...ohhhh yeah this is gonna be a fun series.  Also "These are real movies" was said with so much sarcasm a lesser man would have just evaporated
These three are truly the master baiters.
'We're not talking UFO's we're talking about something that's real: GHOSTS!'  - Mike Bagans
10:17 may be the best joke Rich has ever told
Anne frank couldn't have written her diary using ball point pens. Look it up.
I got baited by masterbaiter
Rich Evans proving once again he is the draw and not those hack fraud VCR repairmen.
I love RLM lots.  All your content has been fantastic for years and years !!!
Man, the Movie Timelines guy did a crazy video where he watches every single Amityville movie every. They look rouuuuuugh.
I love watchbait
I can’t wait for them to do two episodes of this format and then abandon it
Have you guys thought about "Beau is Afraid?"
Tubi is just the digital version of the Walmart $5 bin
About 20-ish Octobers ago my family drove up to Amityville to see the house because we just saw the first 2 movies on TV and we lived about a half hour away. It was the only house in that neighborhood that had zero Halloween decorations. I guess when you live in the Amityville house you don't need to make it look spoopy.
❤❤❤❤
"DEAD" is another one- always lures people in with some kind of zombie theme
Where would we all be if not to gather and listen the RLM crew talking about the most important things! I clapped!!
Oh no! Is Beyond The Black Void replacing Half in the Bag?!/!?121/1
I think it's worth noting the description for this particular video is mike's best in my opinion
I was hoping for a HITB on Asteroid City, so that I know what to think about it
Sharkansaw is probably pronounced Shark-an-saw bc it’s probably pronounced as though it’s Arkansas
the description really took me on a journey. mike is such a talented storyteller
RLM needs to put out a new episode: The Worst of the Best of the Worst. Mike has said "This is the worst movie I've ever seen" a shocking number of times. Select ten of his "Worst movie ever' videos, revisit them, and pick a finalist. Also, you need to make an episode where you compare and judge various types of German sausage. Call it Best of the Wurst.
Richard Evans IS the Black Void and we're all staring into it
A harr picture
Great episode, boys! I think I'll watch a second time.
Alligator Is on tubi. The art makes it look modern but it is actually a great 1980 giant alligator loose in Chicago starring the late Robert Forrester and directed by Lewis Teague. Worth watching and buying in my opinion. I am one of those that has been watching it since a kid. Thanks Leonard maltin.
what a slow 2 weeks without rlm... liking this new style of video//show ... cant wait for a new botw!
I was hoping this was about Beyond the Black Rainbow
I'd say "Activity" is another magic word....I'm at the part in the video where they bring up Ouija.
Tubi gang
Another show where the same people talk in front of a different background. I wouldn't have it any other way.
1:41 Rich hits a nice E flat with that “owhh..”
The true watchbait is this upload
I like this new format of video. No review. No real topic. Only world salad. Delicious
I can’t wait till the heat death of the universe, until then yay more RLM!
a monumental new series in a series i love i think
This is 'Elizabeth Warren', the famous ghost hunter.
There is only the black void 😌
This video had great stunts! I don't know how they moved those lifeless corpses
In the end we will all star in The Void.
IS THiS REPLACING BIDEN?
This is RLM's Shark Week
WE LOVE YOU RICH
I feel lied to I thought they were going to talk about Beyond the Black Rainbow
FIRST in my gramgram's heart
Jay is becoming The Dude (of Wisconsin)
And to think i watched The Hidden Fortress for the first time instead of this. What was i thinking?
Are yall making into the spider verse review or the Flash
I clicked on this so fast it made me answer a captcha to prove humanity.
a real short story in the video description this week
First All the other comments before me are fake
Thank Christ, was barely hanging on there
is this replacing re: view?
Is Rich thinking of Barney and Betty Hill?
Wow Mike and Jay sharing undershirts now?? They both got the same black undershirts. What the...?
Mike will turn any episode into a lecture on the legitimacy of ghosts and I love it
I feintly remember someone on the RLM subreddit saying that Asylum movies arent low budget movies but high budget memes.
I truly love this new trend of finding shit to say to rich
How many times can one see Tom Cruise do StINts
First
This is the earliest I’ve ever caught an rlm video, needless to say I’m okay with it at best.
Babe wake up a new Rich Evans episode dropped.
"Those sleazy fucks" Damn, Jay is spicy tonight.
Oh hello, lads.
Is this replacing the replacing joke?
The video description is quite the wild ride 😂
I thought we were in for a VERY different type of video with that title...
Monday just got a whole lot better
I rub the mix with only a minimal amount of water and then I rub the mix onto my chest ignoring the hairs that comes off. I then lay onto the dinning room table laying on my back with my legs fully extended outwards and my hands pointing straight out then I sing the monster mash and CRUSH MY BALLS with a rubber mallet.
Oh boy! Just what I needed to close off my night! I had a feeling a new rlm video was around the corner.
holy shit my aching bones were right!!!
This video description can be classified as a classic of literature
Wow that description was a ride, thank you
I've been begging for the void to take me for years.
I watched this whole video before any of you.
very fun video, surprised mike stayed awake
nice rounded bottoms 🤤
This series will end after 2 episodes
Brussels Sprouts for the masses!
Funny thing about mentioning amityville, a famous Long Island murder. They just arrest this week the murderer behind the gilgo beach killings, another Long Island string of killings
That mission impossible movie was really good also jay's hair looks amazing
Sorry but the description of this video alone has me in tears laughing
That’s the best description block I’ve ever read.
Best video description I have ever read.
The Just Ice League back at it again.
They FINALLY made the void into a show lol
Title is a nice blend between 'Beyond the Black Rainbow' and 'The Void'
I ate too much of the Louisiana Chiken Sandwich from Popeyes and now my tummy hurts. This is a good youtube series.
The description for this video is one of the best I’ve seen
❤❤❤❤❤
Incredible description 👏
I thought they are gonna mention Sound of Freedom. 😄
Early
The fact that you've managed to avoid becoming stale after over a decade of this is amazing
My life is a fucking black void….   Until RLM uploads a video
Here at 1,078 views, and 312 likes.
Mike has officially entered the Elderly stage where he refers to movies as "Pictures"
Are the video descriptions always like this one? Do I not read them often enough to be aware?
If you haven't been reading the descriptions of recent Red Letter Media videos, now is the time the start.
The description for this video made me need my own adult diaper from pooping! From laughing! And crying!
"It's about sharks and that's what's so powerful about it.
What a pleasant surprise…
This description is borderline experimental.
COOL VIDEO LOVED IT lmao jk it just come out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol
FINALLY
you can only watch so many stints before its just too man STINTS
Oh cool a new thing from the old guys
Sweet new Mr. Beast video
Masterpiece of a description
Jay looks like a billionaires philanthropist son
They made the correct choice having Rich Evans as the thumbnail image, prompting me to click this immediately.
Hurray!  A reason to live for a half hour
Why a new section Im still waiting for the second part of Mike and Jay Podcast
I watchbait to Rich Evans if you catch my boner.
Lets do it
Oh no. What new horrors await.
Nice collared shirts boys, very classy
Hilarious description
Watchbait format. It's broken new ground!
Something something hack frauds
First comment yess!
Goldeneye did that stunt many years ago Tom!
I was starting to think Mike's life alert was broken.
They Broke New Ground!
Love me some black voids
VOID
I hope we get another 10 to 20 years before RLM stops making content.
First?
Always been a fan of this series
It’s nice that you can loan out a Rich Evans AI during the strike
My life has been a Black Void since the last RLM upload...
Perfect time to post a video nothing wrong with it at all love this time of day it's my favorite time to watch YouTube videos who needs sleep
Please be Barbie!Please be Barbie!
First and I’m gay
What
🎉
Is black void replacing best of the worst??
Beyond the black void? Are they talking about our entire existence?
We always love a new RLM sub-series
🏆
OH BOY THE GUYS TALK ABOUT THE NEW MISSION IMPOSS-aww...
🍆
My balls are on fire
Oh no, it appears I have taken the bait
first!
Rich Evans loves nice rounded bottoms...
First
Can’t wait for this not to be a continuous series
Never been first before. I hate it
Are we breaking new ground?
first?
Cut your hair, Jay.
Who are these guys?
I’ve never clicked to watch a video so damn fast
Damn rich is getting balder and balder
Nice
Its Time for rich to sleep on the dirty mattress
“New chairs?”
The only void is my life for clicking on this video mere seconds after it uploaded.
I love you guys.
Thank you kings
Hey babe, wake up. New RLM just dropped.
First!
Where is the Indiana Jones review?
I see new rlm video. I click on said rlm video
Keep on keeping on, fellas
First
Finally. Been waiting for this
maybe first?
First
first
Always happy to see the void
First
rad
Hey first
First
Blackvoid? More like white void (racial)
first?
1
What's new??
Rich Evans.
Hahaha  Hmm haha
The VOID!!!
I missed Rich Evans so much
Hi
First
First
4th?
I came here as soon as I heard
Awesome
First?
First?
Thank fucking god
Yo, nice.
Nice
Eyy
