Thanks everyone that’s donated to the https://gofund.me/4023d293 and visited the https://www.gentryandsonstrucking.com/ website to donate and buy merch..It really shows just how great people in this world is and comes together in time of need we love everyone of you!!
There's a reason for everything
Such a hard thing to go through. I know God provided your needs. I didn't know this happened to you when I found your channel. I can see that you give back what was give to you. Your little wife is one strong young lady. God Bless You, yours and your business.
The Gentry and Sons family are soldiers for Jesus. They live Acts 20:24.  May heavenly father open his heavenly treasuries to you.  From Anchorage Alaska to Jesus Grace.
what caused the fire?
Hi Tim Ashley I wish I was there to help u guys I am still. Praying for u guys
I met you and your son through Rebuild Rescue. I've been watching since you picked up the yacht and the fire at the shop. I want the Austin
Time to get some bins dropped off and get all the shit hauled out to the scrap yard. U can build the shop back better then ever. All ur kids and family is safe and that's what really matters. It's a bummer to see this and I'm sure ur going to be dealing with it for a long while but life goes on and u will be ok.
First time I’ve cried in a long time was watching you have to watch your shop burn with your life savings in it. Props to you for keeping your composure and listening to the fire fighters. The Lord will provide again and you will rebuild. Can’t replace the sentimental stuff but it’s all material goods at the end of the day. You’ve got your health and family’s health so I have no doubt in you being back on top. Sorry for your struggle and I’m still praying for y’all!
Definitely, God does have a plan.
I'm sorry, what happened?
if this ever happens to someone, find whats burning and push it out through the wall with your truck, whatever it takes, drag it out with J hooks whatever you gotta do. I'm sorry to see this
A hard watch so sorry for you and your family life can be a bitch at times you will get through this and come out stronger
Why do sad asses feel its ok to put up any nasty comments. They are so sad if thats all they can do.!! Love to you both and your kids. From aberdeen scotland.x
I'm loving help you
I can help you with tools
Just hope that  a tool supplier helps out and even sponsor you some tools.  Put there name in your channel.  ..dont snap-on have life time warranty.  See if that will assist
Bloody fire  is the worst thing ever.  Hope the insurance company comes  to the party
love y'all
just ordered a couple shirts,
I’m sure it is a very sad day for you a lot of history there and a lot of work I enjoyed watching you guys and I will keep watching to see what happens I hope y’all make it back OK God bless
God help ya'll brother.  Lord have mercy I can't even imagine.  My preacher always says if God sees you to it He'll see you through it. I have a feeling God is already putting things in motion for a bigger and better shop and equipment for you. Praying for you man
PLEASE LET ME COME WORK FOR YOU FOR FREE...NO CHARGE!!! NO STRINGS EXCEPT ONE...."FRIENDSHIP FOR LIFE".
PLEASE PLEASE TELL ME YOU ALL HAVE INSURANCE???? PLEASE..
Man I stumbled onto this channel about 3 weeks ago and trucking is very interesting but good content family trucks upgrades great people are even better. I'm so sry tim and family this happened but what you said stuck it happens for a reason. I think it's cause you deserve the best and that's what your gonna get you guys have each other great people you guys are you guys will revamp and come out stronger all new stuff the best is yet to come. I love your family and content you guys are so humble stay strong.
When you rebuild maybe leave a foot gap between bays with a covered walkway between each bay
Was brax cabover damaged in the fire?
sorry 4 your loss
so what was the cause?
32:45- I could never imagine this happening, I have so many tools that were passed down to me from my great grandpa that he used, I could never imagine losing everything AND especially the passed down tools 😢 I hope my contribution to the merch store helps. ❤ I'm so glad you could save some trucks and some things you guys had.
I'm so sorry this happened Tim and family. Prayers for you and you're family and the trucking company guys
Looks like a friend’s barn after it burned down. I tried to clean some of the tools but they rusted almost as fast as I could clean them. Those wrenches hanging on the wall look like they are in good condition.
Damn I know how bad it is to lose everything  I had a shop fire and I had 69 years in construction and l9st everything
Hello yo you! I am a truck driver from Europe!!! Respect and head up, life goes on!!!!!
Tim, You awt to be able to save your wrenches hanging on the wall. They shouldn't be hurt.
Time to clean up now. You and your dad can rebuild your new shop . If you want to do. I am respect and honor to y'all be happy.
Try getting a hold of snap on tools and talk to them because I think they have a similar policy as craftsman does
The neighbors called the epa... Scum. Sounds suspicious too
What started it?
Tim we know what you're going through I went through the same thing you did back in 2020 and you can't remember everything you have until  the day you need it
I have PTSD because of our house fire.  Oh bless yall
Found your tic tic video then went to u tube you are truly good people keeping your chin up good attitudes..I'm sorry for ya I wish u the best of luck and I'm gonna be following you.god bless!!
Have faith brother to you and your family stay positive
Neighbors calling the EPA before the smoke even cleared makes the fire seem awfully suspicious.  Almost as if someone wanted him out...
If the blocks aren’t cracked can you take everything off and still use them.
Bruce is Mr money bags get him to pitch in
💪👊👏
Omg I hope you and your family are ok   Your a inspiration. To everyone  I prayed for you and hope you be ok  Dave. From UK England   God bless
What in tarnation is going on with ur wife's lips? Is that plastic surgery or something?
May God bless and be with you and give you the strength to carry on and help you rebuild your lives and your trucking business so sort and it was sad seeing this your shop total out
Sorry to hear about the fire man.  Haven’t been on the channel lately. Geez, stay strong brother! Your family is in my prayers. I know your boy Brax is hurting as he idolizes you and the business. Your brothers mustang is heartbreaking. Keep On  Keepin’ On as you always have! And know so many people love y’all due to the fact you folks are genuinely solid & caring people…Love & prayers your way!
You are in our prayers. God will bless you. We are start up company. But I wish we could do something other than prayers. God bless you.
I watched both videos it made my cry after all the work y’all have done. God will bless you. Your going to come back and and be stronger in Jesus name Amen and Amen love you guys
So sorry for your loss it’s heartbreaking to watch
Why would you even accept donations when you don't know if insurance is going to cover everything or not that just seems irresponsible to me that you guys are going to accept all these things that people are giving you but yet you don't even know if insurance will cover anything
I am so sorry this has happened. I am praying for you. One question.. Should you be in there moving things around etc before Insurance comes in.??  I always thought everything needed to be left as is untouched until Insurance comes in to find the cause and estimate the damage???????
Had a thought when you mentioned the Snap On tools, don't they have a lifetime warranty? I wonder if you could use previous footage from the shop of the various tools you had by them and get at least some of them replaced. I mean online says Snap On Tools have a "lifetime warranty as long as you own the tool" you still technically own the tool they're just a bit crispy currently.
So sorry for your loss, man. My heart goes out to you all. I saw the first video and it was so heart breaking, I’m just now able to go back to watch other videos.  Go back watch this video and write down everything you mentioned here and then go through back and do it all over again. It’s amazing how much you have forgotten that you had in that shop.
Sprinkler system would have saved your bacon .
Did your insurance cover everything. I sure hope so . Haven’t had time to watch all the videos.
Tim, I just subscribed even though I have seen you around the Tube for a year or so and just didn't make the time. I have seen you work with Garrett (Cleetus) and Rebuild Rescue (Jason) and I am truly sorry for your loss. It must be devastating to lose Family Heirlooms that you worked with every day and could remember the family that did the same. Equally so for the income that you bring to the Family and the the families that work for you! Thanks God that no one was hurt as material things can be replaced, people cannot. I am sure that with your spirit and work ethic that I have seen, you will overcome this. Hell, maybe bigger than before. So do what you do best and get "er done! I'll be watching and  I really want that Austin!
Maybe if you had a rainy day fund instead of buying fancy trucks and toys all the time you wouldn't have to try and guilt your followers into a 250K GOFUNDME drive. What an awful way to make an extra 250K.  What kind of example does this set for your son?  At the 32:10 mark in the video you dad claims he has tools from his "great, great ,great grandfather" that were handed down to him because he was a mechanic.  Anyone with some basic knowledge knows anyone that old didn't have tools for working on vehicles, they were riding horses back then.  Just another line thrown in there to make people feels sorry for you guys.  What a shame, I used to enjoy some of your content.
Please do yourself a favor and Hire a private insurance adjuster.  It’s well worth the 10% they charge.  It cost nothing upfront and they only get paid if you get paid.
Your son will make u laugh when you need to the most important time you need a laugh
I'm so sorry this happened me and my family will pray for your family
The next shop needs a fire suppression system. After watching you guys going through this. I'll be putting one in my shop. So sorry for everyone Tim. Your a great guy
What year 🐎
Awesome
let the lord lead u n 🙏 to u guys just remeber gods all ready in tomorrow  they just b still n know he there
You might have to burn the dirt. Screw your neighbors.
Don't feed into the trolls
👍
So sorry to hear about the situation you guys defiantly didn't disserve that to happen that has been one of my biggest fears since I started collecting tractors was having a fire break out. hope you guys are doing better now been watching as much as I can to try and help out.
yo look at this way nobody got burned nobody got killed everybody's alive you got something going right right
My boss owns a hydraulic shop he doesn't mess around. He shuts down the whole shop in the evenings at the main off on the breaker panel and had his security system installed on a separate breaker panel.👉👉 Because one of his friends lost his construction equipment repair business 4 years ago. Do to a lithium battery cell in a charging station that exploded catching a waste rag bin on fire. On top off it all he lost 12 pieces of equipment from 8 clients. Dozers, excavators, back hoes and a rock truck. Which was the only thing his insurance could cover and clean up. Shop was a total lost.
I feel that fire is the biggest problem you can get. Here's the proof.
Hi
20 years from now you will still think of things you lost in that fire. Sorry for your loss brother
Is the cause of the fire known yet? I’m so sorry for all the loss you’ve all had!! Your neighbours don’t seem to be the most friendly…..
what happend to your petterbealt
I am just blown away by how hot and intense that fire was you can't even pin point the start where it was originated from...  My condolences tim and to your whole family. You're a great man and didn't deserve this to happen.
I don't really understand.
You do have warranty on all those engines and transmissions. That should be able to help you in the long run of things. And check and see if you have warranty on a lot of those engine parts.
Imagine having to beg on the internet for money, when it may be a questionable fire
May God bless and be with you and give you strength to get through this sorry to hear about your shop fire
I wonder what caused the fire? My heart goes out to you all.
Hope you're insurance helps you. God bless 🙌
Sprinkler system is a must in the new shop/building.
Difficult to watch. Had to stop it. Glad nobody was injured. Can always replace stuff not lives. The real bad is you will never forget the smell. Had our barn go up around 1972 from a neighborhood fire bug 100% lost and 4 horses. I can still smell it. Peace to you and all. You will come back strong!
I lost all my tools for my boat business during hurricane Mathew a few years ago after 14 years of business and it's been rough to rebuild but it can be done! I'm pulling for you and your family I hope all the best for you all!!
Who the hell calls the EPA on someone who had their shop burn up late the night before? It just absolutely boggles my mind like they have no sympathy or understand what you are going through at all
Your shop and tools should be covered. Hopefully, you had insurance riders set for various things on your policy. After all this you’ll definitely be educated on insurance coverages for your business.
I know it's got to be hard but it's just stuff at least nobody was hurt.
Very nice 👍
Praying for you guys
Gentry and fraud and sons trucking.  Fact's.  1. Tim has hauled illegal loads many times used wrong plates not had insurance I mean the guy hauled oversized loads not even tied down correctly purposely missing scales all on video.  2. Heavy d along with many cut ties with him for reasons that are pretty obvious.  3. He mentioned and yelled items specifically during the fire aka Oscar acting experience so a insurance adjuster would know that he said many times those items where in the fire if insurance tries to claim it wasn't.  3 Tim has a pass that is not honorable at all a quick search can you tell you that.  4. He wanted to just do you tube truck build videos and get out of the business he stated many times even a few weeks ago   5. If you can not tell that was acting I really hope you all wake f the up that is pathetic didn't even grab the keys to his shop I wonder why duh have you heard of arson he new that door was impossible to get in to quick also interesting enough there's no video upfront of him working on getting in that door but there is everything else.  6. Multiple unsafe working conditions just look at the shop videos with flammable chemicals not labeled shit all over completely all over neglected to do anything safe and should have been shut down along time ago.  7. He used cheap tools very cheap again refer to the old video's I have never ever in my life been so certain this was a sympathy cash grab fire that was set on purpose in my life this guy will drive a semi in the rain without lights and wipers he's not professional and a danger and has no business in this industry.  8. Hello everyone why did all the other YouTubers stop having tim deliver items wondering why huh come on.  9. Waited till the new year deductible meet insurance paid them boom Jesus Christ does it truly get any more obvious I wish nothing bad on anyone but this guy and his wife deserve the legal issues they will be facing here soon..
Use Doan dish shop works on oil way cheaper then floor dry
You should quit trucking sell everything off and buy your self a shaver.
It hurts to watch this because I had a great work shop and after many years I ended up with almost everything that I needed and one day it was gone it burned down I lost everything and the insurance company did not pay me for my loss only 1/2 I got but my memory and dreams are all I have left
Wish I had the money to help if you was closer I could lend a hand I am so sorry
Love and prayers for you all 🙏
We lived in Knoxville for 28 years and moved to Florida 3 years ago. After three years, we have missed the people of east Tennessee, and are now putting our home here on the market and will be settling in Chattanooga! The kind people of east Tennessee will help you to rebuild! We are exited about moving back home!
I'm so sorry Tim, I've watched u since u have started the you tube channel. Prayers go out to all of u.
Such a loss of the things you need and love to make a living. Hope you can save as much as possible and repair and rebuild soon as possible to keep making money . A lot of work ahead of all of you to get things back to working and normal again , it will take time , every day will get better hopefully. Good luck .
Nice.
That's a shame the neighbors call the EPA on you so much for love your neighbor like you love yourself
Did the fire inspector find the cause of the fire.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. God Bless ❤️ Your friend Eric from Phillips Maine
How did the fire start
When you rebuild I would divide the building up by adding more internal walls and fire doors and consider sprinklers . Hope you can rebuild from this disaster
fire had to be 1,221 Degrees F minimum to melt aluminum
😞All the sockets and tools see that much heat they go soft and aren’t worth a pinch of shit most times, so Sad 😭
Praying for you and your family and may God bless you with a brighter future ahead and may he help you in bigger ways than you can imagine and in ways that you can pay it forward I have been through a fire recently and I know it is depressing but God be with you in the days ahead sending love and positive thoughts and vibes
Nice of your neighbors to kick you at your worse sure hope they are proud of themselves
My dad and I went through hurricane Ike on galveston Island we lost over 200 thousand in tools no ins owners got money for our stuff gave us nothing took us years to get over it we never could afford our own shop be nice but never happen.things can be replaced no matter what it is people can't so remember that
I hope you had Insurance
Fellas I was just in Harriman from Wednesday to Money burying my baby brother. We are from East Tennessee around K-Town and Sevierville
I'm so sorry this happened to y'all, I lost my home to a house fire October 18th 2022 so I understand the struggles keep your head up and try to push through it we are all here for you, I dropped a sub if that helps
chin up GUYS new shop plz plz put a fire suppression in its so easy i could talk you through how to do it email me if ya need help its just pipes and censers easy
Good morning Tim just wanted to let you know we are praying for you all  Remember this When the world says no God says yes When the world says you lost God says you won Trust the Lord Brother keep you faith in God I don’t care what people say ,just remember you’re a winner God Bless Pastor Billy
Don't need fancy tools or big shop and don't need all the chrome just keep the basics and no reason can't make money with each truck
Tim dont let the rumors bother you keep up the good wok your doing with your son your a awsome dad im a retired driver of 35 years dot took my medical card because my back wouldnt hold out any more our prayers are with you and your family if i could afford to head your way to help you out i would i dont care how bad i hurt this is the time the trucking family needs to come together old school values
So sad to see what has happened. If i lived in the USA i would willingly come and assist with the clean up. I hope you can get back on your feet soon.
Tim... Not to detract from all that you have sadly lost and have worked so hard for.... but, when you were walking by your house garage at the end of the video.... didn't you notice that the outside lights at the upper corners of the garage doors, were both "fading in & out" simultaneously / together?.... you might want to check them out... or, it could be a wiring problem, and you certainly don't need any issue's with that.    At least they sure "appeared" to be, in the video.  As a "forethought" to you, if it were me and knowing what I absolutely do, and what IS going to befall this country Before This Year's end...... well, let's just say.... there is Not enough time left to rebuild Anything back to what you had, my friend.     As for your rigs that are still on the road, if it were me and knowing what I know, I'd either sell them (Quickly) or find something to do with them.. Locally, because you don't want your drivers that you really care about as you say (and I believe you do).. stranded away from home and families when the moment comes when the "stuff hits the fan" and the "lights go out".... and it IS going to, with very little to No warning... "Within", these next two years.. just as I publicly warned it would.... back in the early 1970's.  Perhaps, just buy a "good" used dump truck (or, trucks) and an excavator and stay "Local".  As far as becoming a "Broker".... that will be of No value to you (nor, anyone) when the "lights go out", of course you would only lose an office, a phone & a computer, basically...as a broker, but bring your OTR rigs... Home, and Soon.       I pray that YHWH (the One True God of the Bible and of Abraham, Isaac & Jacob)  will watch over you and your family, and protect and guide you's through all your decisions and that He will cause the Insurance Co. to be honest and generous with you.   I pray the Abrahamic Blessing over you & family, in all your ways, Always.... and IF you don't know what it is, look it up in the Bible... in the book of Numbers.6:24 - 26 (OT - Num. Chapter 6  Verses 24 - 26) .      Will be watching, and subscribed as I have been since 2017... and will be praying for YHWH - the God of the Bible, to direct you and your wife in the days ahead, and Bless you's.... according to His Will & Purpose, through you's.
Im so sorry for your loss. Praying for you, your family and employees.
What really matters Is that every one is save and my prayers are going out to you guys its okay dont worrie about what people say because it's about the haters out there that dont care but I'm for you guys and I hope it gets better for you guys
so sorry to see all that ,you will land back on your feet it will take some time.
My prayers go out to you and your family
I am also besides your channel on YouTube I follow Fs C trucking and dauminique the dump truck driver 😊
$1000
I have a freightliner fld120 classic cab and 70 inch condo sleeper. Yours if you want it. Truck had a Detroit...but it hatched.  Ill even give you the super 10 tranny. Frame is not with it though. I'm in southwest ND.
Prayers for you,your family and business...
Stupid. Will.  Stupid.  It
Guys first of all  I just wanna tell u all your family friends and all your workers is im so sorry that all this has happened but as u have mentioned in this video and the first video that u will turn this negative into a positive u guys will look back on this experience 5 or so years from now and see it as a blessing in disguise turn this negative into a positive your family and workers definitely have the glass is half full mentality I say this with experience of something just like this when I was 10 years old February 1998 valentine's day morning around 3 am a night where here in upstate NY state it was around 10 degrees out my parents were awoke by are smoke alarms going off luckily that night I was scared and decided to sleep in my parents room we left there room and the hallway was full of smoke I was small and below the smoke level lead my parents to the kitchen the roof above us was on fire we made it out into the garage my parents had smoke inhalation ans burt Hair from the heat we pulled the vehicles out of tha garage since that was not on fire yet fire department was just showing up neighbors called them well we lived outside village limits no fire hydrants and the place the trucks would get water were frozen by the time they got set up and got water from one of the places near us the house was gone burnt to the ground all was collapsed into the basement of are house only thing left was the far peak of the garage  we lost everything even 2 animals a dog and a cat that we tried  to find on are way out but never found we had to leave so fast my family lost family jewelry all my family's pictures or me baby pictures my parents lost there wedding ring since they took them off when the slept at night after the fire before the clean up we made sifts to look through remains below where there room was to find valuable no luck at all it was a really  bad time and one thing that this video reminded me of was that house or building fire smell now that u your dad and family go through that fire destroyed building that smell will never leave u all as it takes is one smell of and building fire and a camp fire or grill fire but a house or structure fire and all the memories will come rushing back and even me as a 10 year old will never forget that
He probably did that for insurance money. Not  crazy.  Here.    What.  U.    Did.  Here
A person's true character shows when the chips are down!
This is what happens when people do not take fire safety and prevention seriously.  It is impossible to prevent all fires but alot can be done to mitigate risk.
It's hard to "thumb up" a video like this given the situation. I'd give it a thumbs down based on the fire.
My thoughts and prayers are with you guys it’s hard enough for the little guy to make it without something like this happening
sorry   for  your   loss  god   bless  you
Damn man. Good luck bud, try not to let it take your joy and hopefully something will go your way man.
Was sent back over to your channel from Dauminique the dump truck driver beyond dirt company, and when I looked your channel up YouTube had unsubscribed me I guess ??? Thanks BigAl California praise Jesus Christ grace grace grace amen 🙏
FYI for anybody that has large oil leaks or whatever,  if you’re nearest sawmill sawdust works really really good Of course if it’s dry it works even better but even shaving stuff that Rural King and tractor supply sell works great
what started the fire
To start I don't like you I've been a truck driver for 38 and I've seen you talk a lot of shit. But I am like you I wouldn't wish this on nobody, not even you. Yes I'm not subscribed but heard about this.
wow 2 lifetimes of work ... gonec
So sorry for your loss brother. Hey I'm a truck driver and ill be on furlough for two months starting next week. If you need any free trucking done just hit me up. Well I'll take a burger as pay lol. No kidding reach out if you need anything. I'm seeing at least a million in damages here so I'm praying all will work out.
Sending our prayers. You keeps remain strong. You have a huge YouTube family that supports you and stands with.
Firefighter here, fire is probably one of the most devastating experiences for people. It's gonna be a long process to salvage and inventory the  stuff you can identify. Pros are obviously gonna have to do their thing before you can start picking through things. You were able to save a few trucks which is good. You're not completely out of commission, and it sucks seeing everything exposed and not being able to move it.   Clean up is gonna be difficult, get the roofing sheets off of everything, storage for the stuff that's not completely destroyed, inventory and scrapping the stuff that can't be salvaged.   In  the end, the people are what makes your business function. Those people are all safe, and the property is still there. You can build on the footprint, restock with tools and parts, and get up and running again. It'll take time, but it is possible to rebuild. Dropping a sub and I'll be following along.
Went through this in 21.  Good luck. Prayers!
Maannnn, its a tragedy to lose all the tools vehicles and parts but nobody can take the memories you all have from being and working there. All thats left is sorting thru to see whats usable and can be kept as keep sakes and move on, hurts to see all those years destroyed and im sure no amount of insurance can cover what was there especially in 5yrs you will be looking for a tool and be like....dammit that was in the fire too, thats another $1500. Good luck my man, wish you all the best and hope its more salvageable than it looks
I normally don't comment but to hear that there are haters out there saying that its insurance scam, chaps my hide! Yea right! Anyone who has a company knows that you were trying to save you livelyhood! Good luck and god bless you!
I see a lot of heritage that is gone up in smoke. But I also see a family that's not going to give up on anything. What the devil is meant for evil God can turn out for good 👍.
I will come down there with a firetruck and rescue tools and corn houses and manpower to women power I’ll bring command command 14
I am Ryan come down and help you or am I turning your on the clean side that up on my helmet I’ll be down there soon as I can don’t worry I’ll be there firefighter 1467 North Carolina
As you say everything is so fresh, you need to take a breath & realize it’s not all going to get back at the snap of a finger as we all would like to. A good come back story I know if would be Lester Morrow @ Ima survivor sanctuary. Over coming after hurricane Harvey. He’s a YouTuber as well. So sorry y’all lost what you did but you saying you have a feeling everything is going to work out is the best attitude you could have.
Man I don’t have much but I’ll help y’all in any way at all that I can. Just put the call out and we’ll be there!  Edit: I’m only about 180 miles from y’all. I can help y’all clean up that stuff for free. Just to help some good ol’ people would be payment enough  What a good son you have too. Seeing the silver lining and not being upset about things of his being burned up too.  What a good family you all have raised!
Man hope to see you guys rebuild it better, Praying for ya'all ... I know what its like to have to start over.  Insurance company should have sent someone to deal with the epa and clean up ... not you all.  I cant believe some of them cylinders didnt explode.
You should build a truck with the burnt pieces and call it the fire truck
Now is the time to find some land to build two new shops on it, that way you don't have all the eggs in one basket (building).
Did you find out what started the fire?. Let us know. Y'all are our favorite you tube channel. Thank god no one was hurt.we will keep watching. Keep the faith.
It’s just stuff. The most important thing is that you and your family and employees are all ok. Stuff can be replaced. Thank God you guys are ok.
😢 sending y’all love and prayers from Arizona I lost everything Terry divorce I’m struggling myself what I am living in has zero insulation now we got cold spell number two I don’t know how me and my dog is gonna be able to handle this in a 67 Ford truck box utility trailer with a 65 camper shell no insulation not enough work to get what I need done I’m recovering from a fire myself thank God the fire had nowhere to spread to it’s so cold in my place I’m only able to get maybe three hours of sleep at night it’s been hard I know how you guys feel where you guys are coming from
You feel like ur heart is broken
I know what happen about ur shop that petty bad all ur tools thing is black
Hey how you been doing now how long this take
Tim…you and Ashley are a  true power couple. We’ve all had the honour and privilege of watching your business evolve and become something special and you will rise from the ashes like a phoenix in true Gentry Style. Love and respect and prayers
Don't some tools have a life time warranty
Might be an idea to talk to the bigger toolsuppliers like milwakee snap on mac and the sorts , they might want to sponsor you or know of a way to exchange de burned up tooling for new ones (the tools have been exposed to heat so even if they look ok they lost there temper/ hardening so using them will bend them like a pretzel
Floor dry is not 16 a bag sorry
Nothing like an insurance job, everything you own seems to get destroyed. 😅😊
Damn I'm sorry this happened to your business. Hope everything works out for you and come back bigger and stronger. If you get a chance check your ig inbox. I sent you a message
This is going to be a magnificent new start to build back better. 🙏
I feel for ya buddy 😢
Was the orange peterbuilt burned?
See at the start you can see the fire was over the far side so some of then trucks would have been saved if the firemen  tried to put the fire out wish going in or through the side  would have been smoke damage but the whole shed would have never gone up how can u not complain about the fire men and lack of doing anything your country is was different to uk we go in and damp it down like
When my house burned down in California, I hired a private insurance adjuster.  He charged 6% of the payout.  He got me so much money back because he could figure out little things that needed to be paid for.  I had forgotten that I had purchased landlord insurance as the home was a rental.  He further combed through and found that they had failed to pay for the upgrades needed due to changes in building codes, etc. All in all, he got me far more than I would have gotten on my own.  I didn't have to go through all the complicated legal paperwork.  Without a private insurance adjuster working for me, I would never go through a fire or insurance payout.  Best money I have ever spent.
No cctv and being a youtuber  I bet you kicked your self you didbt take an add up with the security  systems  fire and flood decktor and cameras
May the God of all grace and mercy and comfort help you now in this time of need and show you the right Way to go. Amen
This will absolutely make a man Humble.   Everything happens for a reason.  I've been Exactly  where you are now 15 years ago.  I remember a man once said, those who think about material things and worship the material things over God,  will be gone.  I never paid much mind to that until years later I had a fire that took a few things I kinda worshipped and didn't even know it until it was taken.  I'm much more humble nowadays,  but after 22 years in the fire service I decided to hang.it up and retire. Now I climb cell towers, lol .once an adrenaline junky always one. Anyway I take it pretty easy now,  it took me 15 years to recover what I had but it will never be the same. I thank the lord above no one was hurt in that fire and I appreciate life alot more.  Folks it will be alright,  you will rebuild,  and remember this one thing above all," You rebuild one step At a time ,don't try and worry about everything at once. May the lord above give yall strength and peace,  be blessed and il.pray for yall
Man this is heartbreaking as hell to watch so sorry this happened to you brother wish you and your family the best
I have family that works in industry, what you will want to do going forward is have someone conduct a NFPA fire load survey for your property, the reality is too much material can overwhelm any form of fire suppression or fire barrier, they have to be calculated to match. Which means not only do you need a new building, you will need to survey what you have left and what you plan to add.   Separating dry goods (like parts) from fuel and customer equipment will be key to reducing your liability.
Man that is just awful. Hindsight is 20/20 and you can go through a thousand thoughts of coulda, woulda, shoulda but if you dwell on it, it will only bring you down. In such a time, all you can do is move forward, thankfully you have insurance so some of the stuff you lost will eventually get replaced and you won't have to start from nothing and a total loss.  But in the future, I would absolutely suggest that any and all flammable materials be stored out of the shop, batteries, oil, fuel, any welding gases and any rags that are cover in flammable liquid be thrown into a metal container outside of and away the shop with a lid.   There are tons of precautions to take when doing all of this that have to be gone over, I would suggest that you make an inventory list of all hazmat flammable materials that you guys ever need to store and create a way to store them separately from the shop and each other, basically just go full caution with such things to ever prevent the spread of a fire should one ever again occur that way you guys don't face this kind of a loss ever again.   But for now, I assume you guys have database for all the lost inventory there and it's going to be quite a job to separate things and categorize them for insurance purposes so you don't take massive losses on what all was destroyed.   Man, what a mess, what a loss, sorry this happened to you guys.
Least I can do is subscribe and send y'all some love. No one should have to deal with that. But with love you guys will get through it. I believe in you
It’s all heartbreaking Tim,can’t imagine what y’all are going through. I know it seems like a daunting task at the moment but I have every confidence that you’ll be back swinging for the fences in no time. Seems like Brax has enough positivity to carry the whole family through it.❤ God bless y’all!
The old service you got ,for the "will it start " could use ,with the right tools ,genarator/air compressor to service trucks .
I’ve never watched your videos before today and I’m touched by your story. Godspeed and you’ll be in our thoughts and most importantly our prayers.
Hey, I never really watched you before. What I learned from a former employer that had a fire. Almost all your hand tools are trashed. Back in the day, Snap-on did not offer to help anyone. They said you should have had insurance on your tools. Well, Mac,  Matco, Proto, Craftsman, Vulcan, and Cornwell all said you prove it there tool they would replace it. The owner wanted everyone to have Snap-on before the fire. After they said buy anyone you want. Sorry about your fire. Wish the best to you and your family.
You'll come through this stronger on the other side...  Once you are ready to work on the rebuild... you will continue to find that you have lots of support behind you.... and whether you want to accept the money, help, donations... they're going to come in...  You got amazing support behind you guys.. and we will all be there for you when the help is needed!!
So sorry to see your loss and everybody involved I hope that an insurance will come through for you and best part of the deal no one died you're all safe and money can't replace that alive good luck.
Sorry it happens but this is Gods punishment for things done in the dark that He does not approve of like spell work dabbling in esoteric arts etc...
INSURANCE SCAM
Payers for you and family.
Hard to watch sad day to see everything you own gone.
I've recently been through a shop fire. I know how it feels to lose generations of tools, equipment, and memories. Sorry to hear about this man.
God bless your family ❤
So my old man passed away when I was 17. I just turned 30 on 1/10/2023. I still remember like it was yesterday being in his home shop. Being around his tools, hell even his the stack of rags he always had in the same spot. The point I'm making is there's no way this was an insurance thing. I didn't get anything from my dad passing 13 years ago but memories. So for the clowns to say this is an insurance idea to burn down all those past, current, and future memories is just pathetic. So glad you guys seem to be doing okay mentally. So freaking glad y'all are okay and werre able to save what you could. You 100% will come out of this better. Love you guys and good luck on the rebuild!
a  buddy of my ran a towing company he lost hi building to fire
Y’all are good people I’m sorry this happened to y’all
I would like to  thank yall for being you and to thank you for saving rooster
Soo sorry for  your family 👪 and you
I am not a follower any more do to tim used to say he has money and goes out and buys trucks and now he has a fire he is broke so which is it you have money or your broke. My option is he pits in a show for YouTube and that's all it is. And I also stopped following cause it's all about his son and its supposed to be about the trucks. So bye
What model mustang r u looking for
🙏🙏🙏🙏
Much support to you all my cousin's shop got burnt this last fall no fun at all soo much was lost  .completely  understand  the situation
O-H-I-O Porter greetings.🇺🇸 Blessings! My friend, there is much to learn from this experience. I know that you guys have MANY memories in this place & they can’t be replaced, but you can overcome this bad experience & make MANY new memories! At least no one was injured or killed in this bad fire. I know many prayers & much help is being poured out to you guys & it will continue. Stay close to each other & continue to share your hearts with each other. That’s one of the best things you can use to fight depression. Hope that all your employees are still doing well & we look forward to seeing everyone again. Take it day by day & don’t be afraid to reach out to your family & friends. We all love ya! 🥰🙏✌️
God Bless Gentry & Sons family & crew . Thank God no one was hurt . Insurance should take care of you kind folks. You may want to consider leasing a site trailer for temporary business
1st time watching ya God Bless Ya
What happened to the video with you and Steve late last night early this morning I didn’t get to finish watching it
Prayers from michigan
So sorry for what happened Tim 😔 glad no one was hurt but so tragic to loose it all
Hay Tim how are you and the family holding up .. just take it one thing at a time.
Not to come off rude but I'd hate to be the insurance company that insures that....gonna be a BIG FUCKIN LIST!
I am so sorry to hear about your loose in your business you can always replace material things but you can't replace your laugh the main thing is you're going to ya'll what in there and you're didn't catch on fire that's the main thing you're still live in thank God
Don't shame  take the money, you need that now. If you want, you can help others after you get back up.
Well you have each other and your Health
please install fire sprinkle system for the rebuild
Have they said what started the fire yet? It's just heartbreaking to see all that. Our prayers are with y'all 🙏❤️🙏
Very sad story. Just keep it. Thanks for sharing with us.
Hey Gentry family, been with you guys for nearly 2 years now.. Our hearts are with you..  I know you’ll pick it up again. I chipped in a little on the go fund me.. You guys have so many people standing behind you..
So So SORRY for all your loss. Prayers to you all...
I am sorry  for your loss I know what you going through I lost my house back in November I didn't  move anything until insurance fire investigation  is done
How much you make on gofund me bubby
If you was here in the UK I would have been able to sort you a shop
Stay strong we all love you God is good he has other plans for you see you in the next video
Dude if y'all were in Alabama you could use my shop. It's a 150 ×250 with upstairs apartment. Fully ready to roll.
I'm so sorry to see you have to go through this had the same thing happen to me about 4 years ago on a smaller scale I lost everything $200.000 snap on tools  including my house I don't wish this on my worst enemy I'm still trying to recover from it I'm praying for you you are very good people everything you have done for other people you will get through it the process isn't easy just don't be to proud to except help
Well damn.  Lost a house in 2010 due to a fire, Rough stuff to deal with.  Glad everyone is safe and Looking forward to seeing ya'll bounce back!
Hey tim god does do things for a reason now you can grow bigger and better you and your trucking family will get through this god bless man.
This is a nightmare to go thru so sorry for your lose and sending prays
It should be inspected by insurance Co befor you clean up
I would totally come down to you and help with the clean up process. When will you be able to start the cleanup
Sorry your chop burned down!!! My Dad and Grandpa had a barn fire in July of 1978. (They used to farm). Advice they got from their insurance agent want to carry a notebook and right down everything they could remember that was in the barn when walking around the barn. One thing you guys are going to find out what deprecation is. Insurance companies love that so they don't have to pay out as much on a claim.
23:27  A CROSS... there is a pice of wall left that is just a chared post with a cross section left GOD GAVE THE STORM FOR A REASON NOW YOU HAVE NO CHOICE ONLY BIGGER AND BETTER!!!
Jewish stocktake 100%
The major thing your business has left to survive is your selves. Good people and good knowledge is what makes a good business and you guys have plentiful amounts to rebuild stronger and better than before. Best of luck for your future
This looks like a insurance job to me tell me I’m wrong shed gone not office next door I thought they were good Christian people?
God got yall back, minor setback making way for a major comeback,  Be Bless
Any word on cause of the fire?
Praying for yall
I'm sorry y'all had to go through this, but like you said it happens for a reason. Thoughts and prayers from Sevier County.
Idon't know you, but my heart hurts for you, and I can't believe how positive you are being through this. Inspirational. Wish I had a million dollars, cuz it'd be all yours, to rebuild. Love you, don't know you, but love you. God bless.
man if my youtube channel was bigger i would build the fairlane for you guys
Im so glad You will accept what ppl want to offer in a time like this as  ppl can see good in others . I hope to send a little something...all the hours of entertainment and knowledge plus advice , well it's  paying you back a tiny piece! I'm  100% positive G&S is only going to improve !  Remember to take time away from all this enough to consider personal health ..a little breath time !!!
Fire is disastrous. I lost everything Oct of `19. Including, my beard, and a friends bike. Basically it flashed while I was inside my shop/shed. I was on fire for a second or too. Gasoline is explosive if you didn't know.   I DIDN'T have insurance. which has since changed, but too little too late. Fire use to excite me, now It's a cause for stress. Fire extinguishers, precautions I've never taken before are taken. But, I'm doing my best to NOT throw in the towel and be done. As much as We lost that day, some of my sanity included, Try to look to the future, I wish you guys the best, and look forward to seeing what you guys can do.
What state are you goes located in?
as devastating and hopeless as things appear blessings do come  for god sees beyond now i cant tell you those blessings of the future but keep an open mind and heart see past the negative  mechanics can fix anything and restore metal is metal pray that god will show you the blessings
Hi  Guys.  My thoughts are with you in this difficult time, As mechanic of 49 years I still have my dad's tools he gave me when I was 16 . It will take time but you will get there. Cheers from Australia Mick
YOUVE   STILL  GOT  YOUR  FAMILY........IVE  LOST  IT ALL TOO........IN THE END...THEY ARE   YOUR  MOST  IMPORTAMT   MEMORYS.....NOT  OBJECTS....YOUR YOUNG....BELIVE ME.....THERE  IS  TIME....
https://youtu.be/Oj0Feq7NADw
I'm not going to scroll & I'm sure they already know Mother Truckers maybe they can raise $ and all their subscribers. Obviously he has a YouTube channel and it's pretty damn good.
LOOK'N @ ALL THE BIG TOOL BOX'S  HERE....WONDERING IS THERE ANY SUCH THING AS A FIRE & WATER PROOF TOOL ROLLONG BOX.... I SAY FIRE CUS....OF IT BEING  REAL HOT BREATHING ROAMING & POPPING FIRE  & WATER WELL.....CUS IT'S ALL GOT 2 BE PUT OUT BY WATER OR FOAM OF SOME SORT  !!!!!!!   LIKE U SAID TIL THEY THE BRAVE GOOD FIRE FIGHTER'S  RUN  OUT  OF  THE  STUFF  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Y'all will come back stronger than ever it hurt me to my heart to see that man if I had it I would give you a million bucks to help get back and wouldn't ask for a dime back God bless you and your family you will come back stronger than ever
You brothers need anything we are all here for you.
I'm over here in New Zealand ..I know how you are feeling my Boss bas an engineering and trucking firm and most of his mechanical workshop and offices and part of the engineering shop went up in smoke in christmas 2021 and only now is the  building being rebuilt ...All the workshop tools a brand new truck and parts and other oils and everything associated went up .. My sympathy goes out to everyone there . So guys and girls stay strong ..
I don't have alot of money right now because of being down for a month.  I do have a 05 14 liter Detroit and some other stuff.  It's yours if you want it. Just let me know. I've had a house burn but I can't even imagine something like this. I also have a decent century cab.
Damn, this hurt to watch.  Heat can do some terrible things.  Its crazy to think about the intense amount of heat that was in that shop.  So sorry for your loss bro
Hate to see this happen. You guys seem like good people. Hope things get better for you.
Hey Tim I’m so very sorry about your shop i’m just glad no one got hurt but it’s a real loss of a lot of sentimental items and other stuff hang in there Tim we are all here for you our prayers are with you🙏👍🏼
My family and I have been in the business for decades and I can't imagine how you are feeling right now keep the faith and God will take care of you it's not understandable to us but he works in mysterious ways take care my brother
You saved rooster 💪
Have to spend money to make money you know limits and how much revenue can be generated from a shop you guys need more parking
Any loss is a tough loss but some things can't be replaced such as family members hand me down tools feel for ya brother
Should be 3 dots in right corner for android
I know firsthand how devastating it is to lose your entire business. I too lost my shop to a lightning strike during a thunderstorm and by time the fire department got on scene everything was gone nothing to save. I never was able to rebuild but that's the facts of life. I pray in your case you'll have a much better turn out and before long you'll be back on top. P/S tell your dad to hang in there Not all is lost for good.
The epa is a terrorist agency and your neighbors are sorry s.o.b,s
Farm Sim 22 is a good game to kill time
I came because of the guy on tik tok told me to. Subscriped because of the content. Sorry for your mishap
New to the channel     so sorry to see this
Hod is with you guys ask him for help you would very amazed of what he will do for you
Good days ahead! Philippians 4:19
So sad to see your lively hood totally lost. You guys will be back better than ever. As a trucker myself I couldn’t help but notice that sweet looking blue and white cab over. 👀🔥
i just subscribed new to the channel and im sorry for your loss from the fire
Sorry to see that. Been there before it sucks. Come back even stronger than before
What the fire didn’t destroy, the rust will, by the time adjusters come out.
Be sure and take pictures of every single socket for insurance purposes! I don’t care if you say they’re nice. When it comes to the nut cutting you have to have proof!! Believe me a hurricane is like a fire, when it comes to insurance. All your wrenches are still good hanging under the girder !
The calmness, bravery and courage you guys display in this very difficult situation is outstanding. These characteristics are very hard to find in people these days. Your kids will grow up strong with you guys in the lead. Everyone can see this raw strength and determination. It is very inspirational.
Sorry to hear about your loss. We never want to go through something like that. I think you’ll be like the Phoenix coming out of the ashes you’ll be stronger. Prayers are going out to your family.
Sorry for your lost
Will insurance cover that lip filler job?
That yellow cab over was brand new, wasn't it??????
I absolutely hate seeing this. Brings a tear to my eye honestly. Guess it’s time to get a scrap trailer and start sending stuff off. Bulldoze the lot and restart.
Did you set it on fire yourself for the insurance money? Wouldn’t be shocked if you did.
Hope insurance makes you whole!
i cant believe those oxy acetalyne tanks didnt blow to the moon  ----you guys will come back stronger than ever
Seeing all those engines and tools just made my stomach flip. Especially those cat engines. Your dad has lots of grit and really has a good outlook.
don't let this put you down and out. Same thing happened to a Transmission rebuilder the best in the country. David Ferguson  red diamond Diesel. he didn't exactly have a following quite like you do. but it buried him to the point he had no desire to have his own business anymore.  stay strong through it.
you will be putting up a metal shop soon it will be better than ever just keep your head up. The best advice i can give you is keep focused Go to Church and put God Frist in your life he will see you through this storm Material things can be replaced lives can't. I had a friend go through the same thing that happened to you his shop was full at the time of the fire also. He said the same thing you said, never keep to much in the shop at one time and never use the shop to store more than what is needed in it at a time.
You nailed it Brother. There is a Divine Silver Lining in ALL of this
Sorry for your loss! Just a heads up. You may want to look for a shop that you can move right into instead of rebuilding in the same location. Reason being is that everything will have to be up to EPA standards which cost a fortune. My brother in law was leasing a shop and he was looking for a location to build and got with a commercial contractor the cost were insane. Luckily he found a Goodyear Service Center that had went out of business and purchased it. He has a automotive repair shop I can imagine what Diesel shop would cost to rebuild. Best of luck to you guys.
When i seen that on here it broke my heart
Thanks for sharing. And God bless
Take a lot of pictures..please..
I can’t even imagine what you’re going through. Seeing your dad trying to keep it together. I love your show and I wish I lived closer so I would help you I go to Florida for a holiday and I would like to stop where you are. God bless you and your family
I love your faith man
Hey Tim !!  NOT sure ,but was there a ""RAG "" barrel by the door as that is what happened in SC a few years ago with a shop fire here !!  The rags were oil soaked & with the sun started a fire !!  Spontaneous combustion like wet hay bales in a barn !!!!   Hope ALL is going better today ??🤔👍👍👍👍👍
Oh my god
Prayers
I watched PFI they almost had a huge fire good think they were there and nobody got hurt. Hopefully some of the people you helped out come and give you a little help. This incident will show who's your true friends and fan's are.
Dam bro thoughts and prayers but aleast u got your other property and building coming. And nobody got hurt!!!
God bless
A lot of memories gone
As you know insurance can kill a company!
i really do hope and pray that your insurance will pay out on everything that you have lost in a quick and timely fashion get some new and better premises re launch and get back to what you do best
I feel so bad  for you all God  has a plan  for everything
Man this hits home i hope the insurance doesnt pull anything shady on you to not pay out or a fraction of whats you should get there was another youtuber that suffered a fire and his insurance wouldnt payout cause of some kiln being nearby and it was determined a squirrel chewed wires is what started the fire  just keep your heads up and come back better and stronger 💪
GOD will give you double for all you have lost.
Use saw dust it works better than oil dry good Luck Tim
Prayers I think God no one was hurt
This is Budget auto repair Waco Texas .I was wondering if you could use some tools sockets and etc and some air tools to help out.
This is heartbreaking. Sending prayers up for you guys. Glad no lives were lost.
I know if I had a truck I would come up there and drive for u with Very Little Pay from u.
I have a Honda Shadow I can help yr dad a bike.
I am praying for all to be able to rebuild the shop and maybe get some money to buy more.trucks. I am upset the yellow truck is gone.i still will driver up there to help yall out, and get restarted again.
You’ll never let the shop get that cluttered again 🤦🏼‍♂️ shit times
Tim, Take a little bit of time and look black it your videos and go thru the shop and list every tool and items that you lost. The insurance company may need that list to give you a fair value on everything.
Tim you may be smiling on the outside but we can hear the pain in your voice. Seeing the devastation puts a tear in my eyes. Just stay strong in your faith and keep moving  forward. Please put out a yellow cabover shirt that was my favorite truck in the fleet seeing it that way is like a knife in the chest.
Did the k100 aerodyne burn up bro
Triste bien triste histoire cet incendie! Courage à toi!!!!!
Sorry for your tragic loss of your shop, and things,  my prayers and thoughts are with you,
Hi lm so sorry
God bless you both. Our home burnt in 1983 and the insurance depreciates things so much. We got to build foundation and floor with insurance money. I do hope your insurance covers more. I wish you well and hope the Lord guides you.
You always forget what’s gone until you start looking
Hey man, as much as this sucks, maybe it's a sign of better things to come, just think of it as an excuse to get your new big shop built at the house etc. Yes its gutting that you've lost everything, but with the heart you guys have, you'll bounce back better and stronger 🙏🙏👌👌💪💪
God speed to you and family. 🙏🙏
So very sorry and many prayers going forward. I strongly suggest that you retain a “Insurance adjuster” to help with negotiation on this claim. You will find that it will payback many times wh
I have a question for your t shirts do you have one with Rooster on it . I want to be able to help you out by buy your shirts to help you out . But i am not being able to pull up your stuff on the web site is there any other way to get to the t shirts . I feel for you and your father on the loss of the trucks and tools the look on your wifes and dads face says every thing you feel. thank you ;
We're all behind you and things are going to get alot better for you and just don't pay any attention to the sad fuckers with no heart.
@Gentry & Sons Trucking I know diesel is not easy flammable unlike unladed fuel I would thought diesel would catch fire if it exceeds heat that would then catch fire not sure what temp would be for diesel to catch fire. I was a security guard years ago I was a steward me and the boss tried light diesel of fire out in the open but never caught fire.
@Gentry & Sons Trucking sorry for your loss of your family business, What would have caused the fire in the first place did they ever find out what caused the fire?
I'm sad to see a trucking company burn down to the ground, I am so sorry that this happened to you, But there is more hardware stuff and lumber and metal at home depot, If you want to cut lumber, Home depot only does straight cuts. There are doors in millwork but I would highly recommend fire alarms and connecting them to your fire department.
Hope the air force truck survived? Sorry for the incident
Engine blocks might be fine but heads and al the accessories most likely no good, blocks if they didn't hot enough they shouldn't be warped. We went thru a house September of last year still dealing with last bit of the insurance claim, start writing down everything you can remember what year you approximately bought it and what replacement cost is read your policy really good, best of luck
Tim sonic tools would like you to contact them. I've been reaching out to tool companies this morning.
I hear you guys on the handed down tools. I have tools that belonged to my grandfather and father. I intentionally use them just for sentimental reasons. Stay strong and you will get through this.
We are with you guys at this hard time! You guys will rebuild and make it even better then before. Hang in there Tim!
Can someone please help me for dog food. Anything will help 50 cents 1 dollar anything please. $BossFamily05 Thank you so much!
Hope you are insured, sure you will be 😉
Prayers
Hardest part is that most of this stuff is devalued because it’s older even tho we all know this stuff is the expensive and good stuff compared to newer stuff. Insurance doesn’t care that you know this stuff is very valuable when you can sell it because no supply.
Your dads reaction to the bike… And they say these machines don’t have souls. Dam
https://youtu.be/WsidsRuC9QA
Seeing EVERYONE come together and offer anything they can renews my faith in humanity
Tim I am praying for y’all and god is great stay blessed
My guess is a power tool battery set all this off unfortunately.
I can’t keep watching. This is Willie D from Closing The Gap. You and your family are in my prayers. Keep your head up HIGH…
Praying 🙏 for y'all 🙏 ❤️
So So sorry.
That is so hard to watch
Something seems off about the last video no keys for the place, gopros on deck, and the fire department wasn't even there yet. Did your cop friend just wait it out to call FD?
ah man, this is terrible, so sorry to see this happen to good people :( I have to say though, you guys should put some gloves on when digging through it all, melted plastics etc are pretty carcinogenic
This is #8 on trending. Jan 10th 12:43 pm
Best of luck man, I hope you guys make it through and get a smile on your faces soon enough
I REALLY understand Tim's Dad talking about the pain of losing family "legacy" tools. They are absolutely heirlooms. You will get through this and be even better. Good people always do. absolutely
When you own a business you must have good insurance to cover yourself and if you have customers property that must also be covered.  I own a hotrod shop and I build high dollar custom cars and I maintain top notch insurance so that if a loss does occur they will be properly compensated.  I never have more then 6 cars in my shop at a time and I maintain a 2 million dollar policy to protect myself and my business.  Every single piece of my equipment is documented and insured and I maintain both paper and digital copies of those records.  When I financed a new haas cnc machining centers the finance company mandated it be insured.  If you did you job right and had good insurance you will be made whole and you will probably end up even better off when all said and done.
God bless you all, I work in freight and I have nothing but love for my truckers. You guys are great. God will help you.
Who calls the EPA?  Keep the spirits up, I'll donate what I can.  It's all in God's plan.
Tim what about the farm & land you bought a while back why not move the Co . There looks like you would have why more room to grow later , and you can start building today not have the people causing trouble , and clean the fire stuff up and sale the land to help pay for the rebuild
My lord cover and bless y'all from my heart 💟❤️
We love you gentry family
Most of us have come up from nothing have about 20 times the amount of stuff that should be in our garages in our garages you know we got stuff from our fathers our father's fathers or Father's father's fathers Irreplaceable items that no matter how much money you have you'll never replace them we went through a fire and we had insurance insurance that we thought was Second To None I mean we we thought we had all the coverages that you could have and when it come down to it about 70% of our claims were not approved because we actually had to have a specific claim to keep petroleum products inside of our shop which I know sounds kind of stupid because you think if you got a truck shop a garage that's in business that you just second nature to have oil fuel Grease and all those types of things in there but unless you have a clause in your insurance contract to be allowed to keep petroleum products inside of your shop like us you're probably going to play hell getting most of your stuff covered I hope that it doesn't happen that way for you guys I hope that everything that you have lost gets covered and then some but just just be prepared for the worst because insurance companies are some of them biggest screw jobs going so you guys are still very fortunate you didn't lose everything even though it seems like it but you just got to get tough pull yourself up from your bootstraps keep on getting it keep your head down and that's a hell of a setback for a hell of a comeback y'all are good people and the good Lord will watch over you and your family and if you do end up looking for some more cabovers I have a I have a god down here in Maryland that's got more cabovers and one one yard than you probably ever seen in your life cabovers day cabs hoods old needle nose Peach can work anything that you could want her need he's got and he's really really reasonable so anything we can do to help rolling wheels trucking will be there to help you
I live literally down the road from yall if you ever need help with anything let me know
Gah I just want to know what started it
How did fire start?
If I hit the mega millions tonite I'll donate generously
Same thing happend to my buddy's he had a building like yours all tin  those tin building hold heat in and make it worse for a fire
I can't figure out why ppl go and buy snap on fir what u pay for a snap on it'd not even worth it
MedMen stock Moving up this week! Best Brand in the Industry! Marijuana stocks moving up this year. Buy MMNFF today.......
Prayers for your business and family! Couldn’t imagine what your going through. Keep your head up and god will bless y’all. Y’all can build back better than before
🎂🎂🐱‍🏍🚡✈🏁🪐🪐⛅⛅🌅🌅🌅🌅 *Because of  love. God sent His Son Jesus Christ to die in our place. Three days later. Rose him  from the dead.*   *Now. By Jesus Christ alone. God has granted us the free gift of eternal life. He will save and heal you.*  *If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead* *He'll give you eternal life*  *(Look up at the sky and ask God)*
Stay strong and God Bless you all.
I know this might sound stupid but- all those truck frames you have, could you use them as the roofing base for a shop, using block walls? run frames from side to side high enough that you can drive under?? to get one bay together using stuff onsite rather than junk everything???
Damn! The red peterbilt is gone?! Man this is so sad.
I’m sorry y’all. So much time and money all gone in a blink of a eye. I hope insurance is good to y’all and you can recover from this. Subscribed
So hard to see this ill have you in my prayers tou and your whole family /crew. God has a plan and he gonna put you on the right path. Because your humble and down to earth person. We may not know what the reason is but it will come to light when it does
Thoughts and prayers !  Coming over from PFI Speed to show support!
For oil dry just go to Walmart and get kitty litter it’s the same thing
Keep your heads up guys. God has a bigger plan for you! Your kindness and generosity are a light to everyone.
Nice meeting y'all this morning. Hope I wasn't in the way too much.
You’ll pull through this Brother…. We’re all behind you. See you soon 👍🏼👍🏼
Yeah, the fire easily got hot enough to melt aluminum parts in some places, so all the panels in the trucks and small stuff melted  everywhere. And the cast iron blocks and such can easily crack when the water to extinguish the fire hit a very hot block, even alloy steel can do that in such fires, with cast iron parts is quite easy. Even parts that didn't obviously cracked might have microfractures from tge thermal shock and will crack when in tension, specially cyclic strains, even more with vibration in a vehicle.
Sorry for the loss how devastating:-(
Prayer s Tim and family this is very hard to watch but think how hard it is to the family to go through  I hope the negatively  stops on the comments put the negatively to positive energy nobody in their right mine would want to go through this and the family is an awesome family be strong family like you always are
I am so sorry this happened Tim. A word of advice about your tools, the insurance company at least is n NJ here, needs to replace them at NEW COST!!! Not used. I pray and hope that you recover from this disaster in a timely manner. My thoughts are with you, your family, and employees. God speed my friend. If I can figure out a way to help I will.
Absolutely devastating. Be thankful that no one was hurt and that you are surrounded by your family and friends. As far as a reason why, sometimes we may never know and sometimes it will take years to know why. Sometimes it’s just to draw us closer to God and to display His power and grace and as for that, you’re doing a fine job. Stay strong in the Lord my friend.
I am going to take a guess here.. I think you bought the building at that Trucking business where you bought all those trucks from about 3 months ago, where you and Braxton went into business together. Just a guess!!?? If you did that is awesome because at least you have another building but if you didn't I know you still have another building because Braxton slipped up and said it and you hinted at it in the live video when you bought Johnny Cash. You guys will be okay and will be able to pick yourselves up and continue to grow. I have a lot of respect for you and your family for what you guys do.💯
this is truly heart breaking to see man but i love your positivity. i have to say there is a special place in hell for neighbors who see someone's business burn to the ground and the first thing they do is call the EPA to try and add onto the pile. shame on them and Karma is a bish
Sad to see this fire damage. With the way the world of parts and supplies has gone , it may take years and lots and lots of Internet searches to get back what you were close to. The folks that had equipment in here to be worked on is going to be the friend tester. Good luck , it's hard to recognize some of this stuff. The insurance adjuster will be looking at you guys and asking " what was that"? Please follow up with us ARMCHAIR QUARTERBACKS as to how this world of hurt unravel.  I can only send you all GOOD WISHES ! You had dreams and ambition , hope that still fall from heavn to you all.
Hang in there guy's it's not over yet.
Right when all of the new FMCS KICKS IN..HMMM..THIS HAPPENS..TRUCKING BECAME A BAD BET FOR STAYING IN BUSINESS AFTER THE REGS KICKED IN THIS MONTH..HUMM
Keep you all in our prayers.
I just wanted to say how sorry I am for what happened, and I know it's hard to see the light, but God always has a plan even though we can't see it or understand.  No one was hurt or killed and that is a true blessing, everything else can be replaced, yes the items are gone, the memories will always be with you. Have faith in the right places and God won't let you down.
Man I lost my Dad Dec 29th and I am so sorry to see this.
Hey Tim can you believe there’s a scammer begging me to send anything I can on your site. That’s rude
Prayers
Prayers to you 🙏 your family, and everyone else affected. 🙏
Prayers to you 🙏 your family, and everyone else affected. 🙏
You guys are awesome, just wanted you to know that the telegram leaches are trying to capitalize on your bad fortune. I was contacted by a fake account begging me to donate.
I don't know about fire insurance in your area, my friends grarage burned down. Things he had receipts for 100% replaced otheres not so much. Ended up with only 1/3 of the replacement value overall. He would haved got less but his son done a vid on the shop for a school project, Which proved the condition of the items.
I grew up playing on the little Mont Eagle stroll you truckers love so much. See if you can guess where I live.
"There is an equivalency to bennifit to every adversity if you just look for it" I remember Evel Kenevel say that when I was a kid. I am not a trucker but I am a Christian biker and you may not immediately see the connection between yourself and Harley Davidson people but trust me some of the same DNA is there. I feel like I grew up on hwy 41 north. It kind of still feels like family. I will be praying for you guys. God gives you these little traumas to help you grow so be glad He loves you that much.
Man this is heartbreaking to watch.
dam tim i am so sorry this happen to you man i hope you can come back better and stronger this is gut retching  to watch is your Pete safe
brent is the reason ive found you and watched these 2 videos, heartbreaking, thoughts are with you and your family, cant imagine the nightmare of whats happened to you, all the best
im hoping im wrong but i get the feeling that someone started the fire that didn't like the trucks im so sorry brother i have no clue where yall are located but id like to meet you brother
I'm like you I di t like accepting help because people work hard for their money but someone once told me that I get my blessing from helping other so I can't block someone else blessing for helping me. So I look at alot of things differently now
I say rebuild them if you can an I say build new shop where y’all land is so you’ll have you business take care of until build y’all’s house
from KTC trucking we here for y’all and got y’all back 100% ….  once again if anything we can do let us know
Where’s the truck you just bought have you still got it
Maybe this happened so Devin would not killed himself in his mustang I hate that this would happen to anyone Tim but he almost got killed with the other one your family and friends are strong you can come back from this because of the love you have for one and the other  I love your channel but I know you and your family and friends can rise above all of this love your family as if it was mine be strong and never settle for less
Man bud I was stunned when I saw this. First breathe! This community will not let you down. You are not going to fail. Be strong. God’s got this. You two know this. Please let us help too. You will come out of this stronger. My wife and I have been married for 16 years this March. She grew up in Polk County TN. Her parents are still there. You also know to ignore the haters and the dummies. It’s going to be ok. We live in Pennsylvania but if & when you would let us help with anything just say we need people for whatever and we are there guys. We love y’all, you guys are ALL in our prayers. You are loved! Let us help when we are allowed . Don’t let your pride get in the way. We are here for you all. Remember that. To the haters…. Karma Sucks!  So quit running your mouth. This community can take care of you at your worst or kick ya to the curb.   Tim, It’s going to get better bud. Be patient. I just transferred money from  our retirement account and we will be donating in a few days. Your family WILL be ok. That includes your extended family. Everything will be ok. God is in control! You two know this. Not one life was lost. Thank God for those blessings. Love Y’all!  With ❤, Brad & Wanda From PA.
Praying for yall brother
I am sorry for what happened I am in Australian I love s
🖤
Anything will help! I hate taking from you guys. My dogs are very important to me I need to feed them. We will get through this. $BossFamily05
so sorry guys i hope the best for you and your families
After college my first job was working with insurance comapnies to go into houses adn businesses after fires, floods, and natural disasters to determine damage and complete an adjustment estimate. The insurance check would then be the budget in which to work with the client to rebuild (if they wanted to). Nothing prepares you for the first time you step into a building after a really hot fire. Things you knew your entire life look totally different after getting melted adn smoke damaged. Best of luck to you and your family with the rebuild and restart of your business.
Your local scrap yard is going to be busy I would take everything I could there cause every dollar is going to help
The only thing to do is rebuild and come back stronger. Can't change the past, but God has a plan for your future. Prayers are with you, the family, and everyone who relies on y'all. The positivity will take you a long way. Keep up the great work.
Geez, that fire was well over 1200F to melt aluminum…it looked like some of the steel suspension parts on the Pete were melted/deformed, so that meant the fire was over 2000F in certain spots
we went through this in 93 we lost the shop and the house its tough my thought and heart go out to ya's. And my guess for the start of fire would be a li-ion battery.
Hey guys, my prayers and thoughts just pour out to yall. I've been professional trucking for over 24 years. My heart hurts 💔 for your business (especially in this particular time) . I just recently started watching your channel, it has been really great!  My prayers are with you and thank God nobody was hurt and that's the most important. God Bless and keep you My friend! Sending love!
If you can rebuild were you can have a sprinkler system. It sure helps , especially with insurance premiums. Chemical, oil room in your next Shop. GOOD LUCK !!!
@gentry0......... 29 minutes ago Thank you for extending your friendship and support just when I needed it the most.if you want to partner with me text me🎁🎁    this is a scamm
Man , this is a hard video to watch , I have had to stop 4 times and take a break on watching , at first look , it appears a total loss , but miracles have a way of popping up out of the impossible , I understand the loss of tools big time , praying for you guys
I am sorry this happened to you and your family. I guess if can take a positive from it. It was that noone was hurt. The way he looked at that burnt out motorbike, you could see so many emotions going through his head. It was very sad to see. Sure lots can be replaced and maybe even that motorbike and car can be repaired and brought back. But, There is also a lot been lost. At least though, you have your memories. Those regardless of anything else that happens now or in the future cannot ever be taken away from you. I wish you and your family well. I hope out of this terrible incident it helps you all become stronger, closer and gives you an opportunity to create new memories :)
Watching this made me sick to my stomach... Prayers tou you guys.
This is a sad sad site.... But this is why as Christians we store our treasure in heaven not on earth where they can be destroyed by fire
sad to hear tim best of luck to you id help if i could
I heard about you on life of Palos... I don't watch trucking content but you have my subscription... I don't know how much that helps but happy if it does
Power tool lipo batteries would be my guess
Y'alls positive attitude throughout this is unmatched. I hope you all get back on your feet I love the videos in the determination to work hard for what you have
What caused the fire a bad way to start the new year glade nobody was hurt.
Man everybody goes threw something like this and it’s really shitty man i actually lost my girlfriend do too a heart attack a week ag so Ik what it’s like too lose everything but we just gotta stick to the positives man Ik I’m keeping my head up but I do also have my bad days but you just gotta keep moving forward man keep the wheels rolling
My deepest wishes of good luck to you and yours. I've lost a house and everything and have felt the pain of watching my kids look for anything good that made it.  Keep heart, it will come back better.  God see's your love and caring for other people and he say's you will have what you need.
People calling this fraud GTFO here you don't even know anything to be judging these people your karma will catch up with y'all.
Insurance claim for 2mill
Praying for you guys to get though this. Do your best overall on your end big brother. My dad worked as a truck driver for 30 years
Wow, hope it all works out for you
Why did this make me cry I feel so bad
As hot as that fire got i would not recommend reusing anything any engine parts. That medal is extremely weakened and could case catastrophic failure.
Seeing ur son playing w that motorcycle made me realize all that stuff is replaceable .  God bless u n ur family sorry for ur losses
😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
🙏
So sad to see your shop like that. Very sorry for your loss. Hope you get some good money from your insurance and all that scrap metal and you can start fresh.
Guys, I’m so incredibly sorry you’ve had to go through this. I’ve been devastated by fire as well. It’s very overwhelming. Take it all one step at a time. Our hearts are with you. Stay strong. My heart felt sympathies from across the pond in Australia.
I don't want to sound dismissive in the least. But buildings can be rebuilt, burned cars rebuilt. Tools can be purchased. Things can be replaced because they are just things. People cannot, no one died or was horribly disfigured. As sad as it is to lose things and get knocked back, you are able to feel the loss in the next day. Rather than someone else feeling the hole in their lives where you used to be. Such may seem like small comfort to hear and read here.  In the future, where a new shop will be. Make sure to have a piece of the old to remember, that like a phoenix , from the ashes you are better and renewed.
Boys I feel for you all I have faith though you’ll come back and back strong Don’t blame you either I’d separate my stuff like fill old trailers full of engines trans tires oil stuff like that away from possibility of fire or damage
I liked the video and im leaving this comment to help boost the algorithm and hopefully earn you some more compensation. God Bless You And Your Family!
This was difficult to watch and imagine
The bit about the fairline got me man
This year has been off to one hell of a start. My thoughts are with y'all.
nothin like good ol neighbors to kick you when your down  sucks you have such crappy neighbors
I'm a very sentimental person and your dad about broke my heart telling his stories.  I couldn't imagine having to go through this. I feel for all of you. God bless and keep on trucking
All the metal is now un tempered & very brittle save yourself the heartache & just get someone to just wipe it to the foundation. There is just so much toxic  carsagenic stuff don't let the fire take your health as well.  Sending positive thoughts & God bless you all.
You would think that everyone would be wondering what caused the fire.
Having been a volunteer fire fighter 1978 till 2004, I have seen a lot of buildings burned and people rebuild. I am praying for you and your family 🙏.
My prayers 🙏 go out to you and your family. Better things will come.
I wouldn't try to use any motor parts, that building was so hot it definitely compromised the metal. Some shit might look okay, but it's definitely compromised by heat. So sorry this happened to you guys, such good people... you'll come back bigger, better, and stronger buddy 💪 👍 there's a lot of people behind you!
Tim so sorry this happened too you guys did h find out how the fire started?
We lost everything 1 year ago in a super typhoon,i feel your pain. Keep going,live goes on. Good luck to you and your family.
Insurance scams are a hell of a thing. You should try it. Oh wait you did
Had a house fire 6years ago. Public claims adjuster is the way to go.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I love this channel YouTube channel I'm so sorry that happened to Tim and I will be saying prayers for you hopefully everything works out for you
Are you going to Save the Cabover‘s
Out of everything after seeing the aftermath you would be lucky to salvage over 1% of what was in your shop. Most things can be replaced the the main thing is that you were safe. after the investigation is over and talking with your business insurance maybe you could grab some of the doors or other parts from vehicles destroyed in the fire or some of the sheet metal from the building to use for a sign just decide on what to do and I'm sure someone in the local or YouTube community will help you clearcoat it and also create something to raise some money for your local fire department along with any supporting departments. I would also recommend keep documents in more than one location like two physical and one cloud and have a office separate from the shop. I would have three bays that are either fire blocked or multiple buildings have the main shop space inventory space and if decided a storage space for projects or vehicles that have nothing to do with the business like the motorcycle or the mustang that were lost in the fire. Right now if the local government will allow it get a shipping container a storage shed and create a truck canopy just space out of the rain that you can do some work and get temporary power set up to run basic equipment the storage shed would be a makeshift office and the shipping container would be tool/parts storage.
what a dick the neigbor call the npa on you after what you going through.Every company is sacred od npa,
I can only imagine the testimony that’s eventually going to come from all this ugly, God has an amazing way to turn it around. The outpouring of love and support in itself is inspirational. God bless you guys keep your heads high and your faith strong.
❤
Maybe if you scrap a bunch of that metal you get some money back no it won't be a whole lot but it'll be some
Really hate hitting the like on this one, but I know helps you in the long run. I'm so sorry for this. I wouldn't have any clue as to where to start the rebuild process.. But be thankful nobody was hurt, or worse, material things can be replaced.... you know the rest.... Ya'll have been, and will continue to be, in my thoughts and prayers.
INSURANCE FRAUD!
I think God heard you say the shop isn't big enough, and we will help you make it bigger and better, but only if you will accept our donations to get it there.
there must be big nuggets of aluminum all over the floor of that place, looking at the missing parts on those engines. Thats some serious heat.
Hey guys, I've managed a branch operation a bit biggger than your size.    To me,  find away to keep your people - do what you can for them - they will be there for you and more impoortantly they will help you rebuild.
The destruction makes one sick. The battery power tools melted down to the metal, aluminum melted to a solidified puddle. Yes, you have insurance but there are deductibles and stuff lost you cannot replace. Likely all of the of vehicle titles, business paperwork is lost, which will be a hassle to replace. Hopefully you had some off site or 'cloud' storage of computer backups. Perhaps too due to the loss you might be able to get an SBA loan, special tax deals to keep jobs in the town/county.  Likely this was a truss roof construction building. Firefighters have been trained since the mid-1990's to not go into such buildings to try to fight fires in them as very easy to collapse and kill them. Sadly that means they cannot get to the main fire source, have to let them burn out and focus to try to protect adjacent building and property.  It is annoying that someone called the Federal or State EPA, but that is needed to protect water supplies, especially if could contaminate lakes, streams, or drinking water wells for homes and businesses in the area. Sometimes the fire department has to report possible spills to the environmental authorities as well.  As presented, you do have some trucks and revenues from them available to keep going. Good luck in finding a temporary facility and can rebuild.
Taking money from your following is so wrong. Already at 44000. That's crazy man I still can't believe your asking for money from you following. That's what happens in life. There is so many people out there that this has happened to and they don't have a following and don't get nothing. Got to wait for insurance and everything. It's so messed up. how do you think people feel that don't have a following and don't get anything. you keep saying let professionals do there job. Yea well let them do there job. Stop asking for money from your following. I am sure you are happy with the help. People have given you over 44 thousand dollars already.
Hate this happened to yall.I saw yall on @lifeofpalos I hope it all works out and now I'm subscribed
🚨🚨🚨scam alert🚨🚨🚨 there is a bot impersonating the channel telling them to message you on telegram. It’s a scam. It’s replying to all the comments saying everyone’s won. 🤷‍♂️
May God continue to bless you, your family, and company. God will provide a way. In Jesus name, amen!
The insurance company will replace everything. 🤷‍♂️
I am really sorry to see this devastation to your shop and family. I hope you get back up and working soon
I've gone through this, all of it can be replaced, things happen for a reason partner, leave it in God's hands and he'll bring you out on top, higher than you were..
God bless you and family keep on trucking
Your family and you are amazing people you guys are always positive
Them Florida boys are good people man, that’s just how we grow em here. Let us know if there’s anything we can do for you guys
"Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are motheaten.   Your gold and silver is cankered; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. Ye have heaped treasure together for the last days." — James 5:2-3 KJV
I'm no rich man by any means. But make a gofundme and I'll throw what I can in there.
God put us all together when we need it the most always remember might get hard before it gets easier in life God now what we can handle you will come out better and stronger with God putting you through something in life  remember we all have to go over the mountain before get easier in life if God his self went through all that torture we all can go through little things don't even get cose to what he went through for us look on bright side no one was hurt or killed everything you lost can be replaced  God said don't value your worldly stuff    put him first we all need to work on that .. for your dad tools try using vinegar let them soak in it God bless you and your family and everyone else that watch you on YouTube
Sorry for y'all's loss will be praying for y'all
Praying for you all.
I really hate this for yall. But I fully believe that yall will build back bigger and better than before
Sad to see your loss.
The damage is crazy!  Got wiped out by a tornado 20 years ago, I truly feel your pain.  You said things happen for a reason, and I believe that 100%.  Godspeed to you and your family and co-workers.  You are in the prayers of me and many, many others.
Seeing this brings tears to my eyes I watch you from the start 😢 💔 u definitely gonna come back stronger than b4 God has his way of blessing his people your faith is everything stay strong sending much love from ct
Fires are devastating, insurance or not you can never get the full value of what you’ve lost .
Try ignore the haters
I’m so sorry guys. This is devastating. I can’t even imagine what this would be like. So so sorry you are going through this.
Sorry to see this happened to the Gentry family 🙏🏼
God bless ya’ll. I pray for you everyday!  Keep he rubber side down brother!
Tim this absolutely breaks my heart.. I am so so sorry.... My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. I have watched you guys for a long time now, and have dreamed of getting CDL and coming to work with you guys.. God bless you all.
I can’t imagine the pain and suffering you and your family is feeling. Sad to see you lose everything you have. Your spirit is up all your can do is rebuild the next dynasty. Glad nobody got hurt. All this stuff is replaceable. You and your family I have watched from day 1. This is life and reality. I am happy you are showing this devastation. It really hits people hard to see how dangerous things can get. Keep the faith sir….
Really. U got insurance. They will pay for it and u still asking people for money. People don’t have money to eat right now and u got a million dollar  business that insurance company will pay u out and u still asking for donations.
I recommend getting a public insurance adjuster many insurance companies don’t like paying out the proper amount
I really hope you don't just take the uniform payment from the insurance company. I really hope you itemize even if it takes longer. You're blessed that you have filmed so much in the shop so you can go back through videos and start making lists of every single thing that you lost. Most people don't have that kind of documentation of that was in a fire. Many people go years later and all of a sudden remember oh yeah, that was in the fire too..
Sending prayers to you and your family. I'll always be here to watch your new videos.
The lord is by your side Tim, keep strong brotha 💪 praying for you strength and I hope the lord brings peace, happiness and joy to you and your family during this hard times!!
Prayers ❤ for you guys GOD will help y’all though this
Know how it feels we just had the exact thing happened to us.
Remember God will put you through tough and hard times so that you know and can enjoy the good times and things
I was in tears man while watching your video. we will rise and strong like never before good things are coming your way in jesus name
I wish you and your family 👪, god speed and hope you rebuild everything 🙏soon,Stan and my mom june from Brantford Ontario Canada 🇨🇦✨.
I am praying for you all ok 👍 u will rebuild I believe
The EPA guy was nice, but you have at least a half million dollar fine coming for all the run off pollution. They always get there money.
Seriously, do you think you could me any money back selling scrap metal?
God is there with you all and looking out for your future. Stay positive.
Good things are just around the corner for you all. In the midst of all the destruction,  I noticed the one pole was in the shape of a" Cross." God is
I wouldn’t touch anything if you got insurance. They can decrease your claim. Should wait for their investigator to come and take pictures. Also they Will low ball you with a low payout in cash. I would get a lawyer if they do. I always warned each person after they had a fire. Insurance is not your friend and they will try and screw you. Had one where the insurance forced them to pay insurance as if it was worth $1 million but it wasn’t. But when it burnt they offered $70,000 cash! 😳 Don’t take it. He didn’t and got a lawyer and got the $1 million they forced him to insure it at!
So sorry for yall.Thankfully you still have your family. Which you can't replace with no amount of insurance or money. When the goin gets tough the tough get goin.
Hey man, look at your son's attitude towards this.  If you can raise a kid who can look at his burnt and melted projects with a smile, you can make this happen again as a family.  Looks to me like a can-do attitude is in your blood. I only found this channel because YouTube likes to push "exciting" content.  I can't say I'll stick around, but you will, you'll get through this. Best wishes from England, I hope things move fast in the right direction for you really soon.
Man this is heartbreaking to watch.
Hey Tim I'm a hard working guy like you but I'm a asphalt guy and I'm laid off and I'll help ya anyway I can I'll do without to help ya anyway I can I watch your channel every video and I luv how ya help people but you and your family means a lot to me and never meet you and family but I'll do whatever I can to help just let me know what I can do
Y'all deserve it and much more just keep praying and keep everything in God's hand's and y'all will make it through this hard and difficult time God bless you guys and keep up the great work that y'all do
I broke my ankle in October I haven't worked since then so I will order something soon 🙂
Probably can restore most of those tool boxes
I had (recently retired) a wrecker operation.  In the space of ten years I lost my shop twice to fire. Both times it was devastating.  I lost nearly everything. Wreckers that were inside, tools,records. All you can do is exactly what you're doing. Start over. It takes time. Even with insurance it's hard. Good luck and GOD BLESS!
Don’t be sad that it’s gone be happy it was there
just stay positive like Zack Johnson aka millennial farmer just build a bigger one hehe
Hey sending prayers 🙏 ❤ 💜  I lost everything in a fire 🔥 its pretty brutal we lost everything to, I've been following you and I'm sending the gods your way
Hopefully your next shop you can invest into fire suppression system
it sucks to loose everything, i'd say treat it like your now able to build the shop you want. you got this.
So what was the cause of the fire..?
Watching you and dad talking about the tools makes me think about all my tools that I got from my father and grandfather. They all mean a lot even they are just metal but as you said it's sentimental value. You will always think about doing something with a tool and brings back memories.
I really feel bad that this happened to you.  Your last video never mentioned insurance and you are asking for people to donate.  That kind of rubs me the wrong way.  I get that it was probably the shock of all of this happening but saying you lost everything you worked for isn't really truthful.  Yes its temporarily gone and here will be some downtime but there will be a huge insurance payout.  It would have been better to say that you will get the insurance but bills are racking up in the meantime and it is going to be hard to pay them.
Im not going to like or dislike. I had a shop that burnt and lost every thing just like you. I had great insurance . Im not trying to mean but i would not ever call myself a man again if i went on you tube like you and beg for money. I waited on my insurance to pay off. Yes it took a while and no i did not get the money from my insurance that i had invested in my shop and everything i had in my shop. All i could say is i hate what yall lost and its alot, but there is no way in hell i would go on you tube and beg for money.
Id have the neighbour investigated..
My prayers are for y’all. I will watch and if I can do anything I’ll be glad to help
the heat that was in that fire you have nothing in there that can be used, tools, parts, nothing. the metal is now warped and brittle. total loss,. my family has been through it when our barn burned. its hard to do but nothing is worth keeping. keep up the positive but , be realistic.
Sorry for loss emery sapp and son trucking any thing we can do reach out
Keep driving, keep that money coming in, the show must go on
Tim! I want to first of all say im glad you guys are ok!, and so sorry this has happened to you. Its the memories in that shop and items from the passed that will hurt.. Moving forward will be tough man! But you guys have each other to cope with anything that comes along the way! Maybe you guys will find items to put in ur new shop when that time comes and not every memory will be lost! Hope for the best and also you guys will always be able to look back and remember the shop from ur vids! Man sucks youre guys truck was in there. Alot of miles and memories under that hood! Much love from my family to yours tim! 😢🙏
I have had a shop and know money just does not cover the work and effort necessary to put one together... I fell for you all. That a lot of lost work... Money can not buy it, I do not care what other people say, it can not!
Praying for you guys ! It will come out good for you in the long run.
Coming home to a bunch of flashing red lights is what I mainly worry about. last week, I started unplugging everything, replacing old outlets and removing fuels just in case.
you can a fire system that uses either foam  messy but works, or co2 but wont last as long
Everything goes from harbor freight to snap on when it’s covered on insurance lol
I'm so sorry you and your family and friends have to go thru this.   But as you said, "God always has a plan."  Trust him, and he'll bless you all more abundantly.   Safe travels, and we support you all.
Watching it was difficult to see as it was going on the most important thing is nobody was hurt or worse. I know you will be able to rebuild it will take time. You have a lot of backing.
Don't buy anything you cannot afford to properly insure. I wonder what people did before go fund me?
you probably need an insurance arbitrator, someone who has your best interest at heart, don't go by the insurance company thinking they are for you, they are for themselves
The tractors you lost alone are in the millons of dollars not to mention the building and tools . if the cause of the fire isnt arson then your insurance company will due the claim but its doubtful it will take months id be thinking more like at least a year or longer the only people who gain out of this are the scrap metal guys theyll make a profit from all the scrap metal who ever the insurance company awards the contract to for demolition and site cleanup is going to walk away with a nice profit . your cheapest option for the time being is to lease a shop rebuilding is going to be just to much at the moment . if you own the land then you can rebuild little by little has your budget allows .
Can anybody guess if their neighbors are DAMN DEMOCRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!
You'll sound like even though you own a business but if so how can you act so dumb about your insurance? Its cut and dry! You bought it but you don't know or understand what you are purchasing? I mean Go fund me page? YouTube channel? Sorry about your loss but if you can't make it with insurance you are either a lowsey business owner or one hell of a scam artist! Good luck bud...
Tim and family I am so sorry for your loss.  We are here for you.  I'm sending hugs and prayers your way
Hope ya got enough insurance to cover it all and then some
Like you said, in the beginning of the video, it’s all in God’s hands everything on this earth is superficial
We had our own losses and health issues recently. They are nothing compared to what you guys have lost and suffered. You certainly are an inspiration to me and my wife of 42 years. We count our blessings as I know you guys do even in the worst of it. The very best wishes and prayers for a bright future as you get back on your feet. Blessings to You and yours.
I can't think of much worse to happen, my friend lost his 12,500 sq. ft. shop with trucks and farm equipment this spring burnt to the ground. The cause of fire was a battery charging station for cordless tools.
Faith is all you need
https://youtu.be/HNo3q-TVDuA
https://youtu.be/HNo3q-TVDuA
Your going to have writers cramps after you itemized everything definitely feel sorry for you hope everything works out
Sorry to see you guys go through all that. I’m sure you will get back on your feet.
always take your lithium batteries off the charger when you go home!!! not saying that is what happened here, but I've seen a Milwaukee battery burn down a garage.
You have raised one tough as nails kid rely on him he'll rely on you and you'll make it through fine
Do yourself a huge favor and hire a private adjuster, if the insurance company gives you trouble. They charge like 10% of what your claim is but they usually get you way more than the 10% they charge.
Tim and Family! How our hearts go out to each of you!  You sharing this devastation with us on video, breaks our hearts for you!  It’s not the material value that is so heartbreaking as much as the sentimental value that can’t be replaced.  Watching you and your dad tell of stuff from the past, but you know what, God has a plan in all of this. It’s hard to imagine the good that will result but God is a big God and there’s nothing He can’t do!  We’re definitely praying for y’all.  I know you’ve got all kinds of help there and folks are volunteering from all over, and I too, am willing to come drive dump truck to help with the hauling away of debris. I’m cdl licensed and willing to work for no pay. Love you guys and looking forward to better days for y’all…. Robert and Velma Crowe, Candler NC
What kind of car you looking for?  If it's a mustang there's a pretty good chance I have connections to help you find what your looking for
I'm sorry for your loss
Heartbreaking to see man. But you can look at this two ways. Both are hard. Either start scrapping out everything and get the pad cleaned up to rebuild, and start making new memories. Or sulk in the past and get nowhere. I have been through it as well. Lost everything. But it was a huge blessing in disguise. Sometimes a clean slate is what you need to rebuild. At least you and everyone you know that was a part of the shop is alive, and nobody was hurt. All the material stuff can be replaced. You will always have the memories Take your boys positive attitude and let it spark within you. He is seeing the future of things to come. Feed off of what he is trying to put out.
So you are trying to use the professional trucking companies insurance to operate the YouTube ?  Bad idea   If you were spending all of this money and building expensive engines and builds you should have got insurance for that portion.  I don’t think insurance will side with a side hustle.
I totally can relate to y’all I got tools from my dad and my grandpa and they may not be here but I can feel them every time I pick up a tool of there’s u can’t replace that ever
Be prepared for a police and insurance investigation, they checked my bank accounts ask my employees questions about if I had any financial issues ,fortunately we were in ok shape, of course it depends on the amount, ours was $96,000.00 claim, they treated me like a criminal until they finally caught the 2 that were involved.  Good luck
Man this sucks to hear. The shop even tho there’s ton of memories, the next one brings more to come. What ever insurance doesn’t take you can take to the scrap yard to help fund the next shop
This  is  Trucker  Duane ...  retired  bull hauler  ...   from    Ohio  .. trust  and  believe...   stay  positive   ...
This is so heartbreaking, years of work lost so sorry guys. My heart goes out to you all. I pray things will get better soon ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I would be careful in there moving stuff until the fire Marshall and insurance company is complete. They need to find the Origen to where it started at and what caused it with you in there moving stuff they can reject your claim. Just be careful out there.
I feel for you guys we are a small local trucking compay also im in western pa i haul any size trusses factory derect if we can help in the rebuilding we putting it out the we can for sure help with trusss price and ill deliver on me
So rent a truck
May God be with you and bring you back stronger than ever. Prayers from Indiana
If anybody can rebuild that motorcycle back to the way it was it would be bikes and beards YouTube channel they've got the know-how and the knowledge to read what they can and get the parts for what they can't reach out I'm sure they'll be more than willing to help you out
Ever find out what caused the fire?
Sending love and prayers things will be ok ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I hate when people ask if you have insurance as if that is going to fix everything. There is so much loss even if you happen to get a little money from insurance
You and your company will rise back up from the ashes like a phoenix it sucks losing everything but you will rebuild it back up again
Prayers for Healing and Comfort during this time of Chaos.🙏
This was hard to watch i am praying for yall
This is terrible
Prayers for you all everything to work out!
Continued prayers for you and your family
You'll be blessed many times over it's worth health going that now toxic environment period
thank god nobody got hurt ,build back better , people are going to bless you guys for all you do to everyone. just sent money go fund Me everyone help them.
Tim, What the Enemy Meant for Evil…God Can Turn to Good. This means God has something even bigger for you. God will restore bigger and better, He always does. God Bless.
Hi I run my own business we are BNS removal but we want to offer our services at a discount for you and your family we remove junk trash and debris property clean up just reply to this comment and we can put things together so we get your area cleaned up up there so you can get back up and running
i am sorry that happened to you
Yes. I know exactly what your dad meant about old tools ! History etc!  You Men will survive and build back better.
All that stuff is fixable and or replasable
One positive thing is u  can scrap some of that and give u a Lil help to build back
I’m very sad that happened to you it’s heartbreaking buddy I really wish the best for you and your family and I really hope and pray that you are able to start all over again
I love braxes positivity.. What a boy.
Damn that fire was hot. Not one single things salvageable. So sorry for your loss man.
Keep your chin up big man. You’ll get back to where you was. Best of luck for the future.
That is heartbreaking
Tim give me  what information on the mustang   I can look for you down here😊 and will talk about fraud on the fire   Hold your head up high
my fathers shop went up and the hardest part was the clean up and cataloging everything after it sucks big time, i feel for you guys but youll push through thats all you can do, love you guys and wish you the best. ❤❤❤❤
Hey MAC SNAP-ON MATCO how about helping these GREAT PPL out pls
At 3:11 Please don’t blame God for it. What happened was a unforeseen occurrence.
Nice to know that people that don’t know you are better then your neighbors
U will come back bigger and better
That makes me sick to see that thank God no body got hurt keep the faith and Don't give up
PRAYERS FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILY. I've been a Subscriber of yours for the past two years!!
Saw the video today. feel so sorry for your father after 25 years an loosing everything. I'm 77 yrs. old and understand where he is coming from. Loosing tools from his father. Hang in there. YOU WILL COME BACK!!!!
I watch a video on how long it took the fire department to get there and how they acted on scene very unprofessional did notNeed to be a total loss
Dammit can't even watch so so sorry
Brackson in a trip, you have to love him!
Hope all the truckers on You tube  reach out on their channels to to get help for you  and your family in any way.  Use the social media  to help people!
Insurance fraud.
Kid dont care, aint his money!  PS4 for the win!!
So sorry ya,ll fire is the worst hardest disaster to get through wishing everyone the best
Watching from across the pond, was so sad to see all the work you and your family have done and for it to b d strayed in such a way was heart braking. Wishing you all a speedy recovery and let's hope the Transport YouTube community's come together and help as much as possible. You are in our prayers.
Goodluck .. not a good deal I kno that ..just keep working tim ull come out of it ..don't seem fair tho
Tim I believe you an your family is fixing to get a lot of help from some YouTube s I have a feeling on that .. An I did watch both videos an my heart broke an I'll be praying for you an your family
My heart and prayers go out to all of you. I’ve been there before and had to start over also. It will make you stronger but never underestimate what God can do. Just trust God for faith and guidance.
I’m so sorry to see this. I couldn’t imagine losing my shop. After watching this you have me thinking about moving some stuff out so everything isn’t in one spot. I have no doubt that you will rebuild and be back better than ever
Sending prayers from uk.
Tim and family,  This is an absolute travesty.  I am so very sorry this happened to y'all.  I don't know how you're holding it together as well as you are. I had an ex steal all my tools I had been collecting for 40 years a few years ago and I was nowhere near as calm. I'm ashamed of the way I acted. You are an inspiration to all. God Bless you and your family. Y'all are in my prayers always.
Just heartbreaking
That's one reason I buy cheap then work your way up to better never buy expensive stuff .I know most will say I got to have the best but most tool have a life time replacement .
Did the blue GMC cabover make it
Hello before you settle with insurance company hire an inventory specialist that deals with fires and losses so you don't get robbed by the insurance company.!!!!
Praying for you guys. This is just terrible. If anything keep something from the trucks lost in the fire to remember them by. Even add it to a new one. New vehicles will make new memories, but seeing something from the old vehicle will still remind you of the memories of that.
Sorry for yalls loss I know a fire takes more than just tools trucks and etc  it's the sentimental stuff that can't be replaced. But thank God no one was hurt or loss of life. If we can help anyway let me know I will help clean up or rebuild when time comes.  God bless
Viewers, I'm not a YouTuber but from what I understand, they don't get revenue from ads that you click Skip on. If we tolerate 15-30 seconds of afs it'll help. I hope I'm right about this.
Well good news is all this new stuff you just bought it should be easy to show receipts or credit card transactions to prove to the insurance company that you bought them and it should be hassle free.
It sucks that you lost your stuff but at least nobody got hurt
Nun of your trucks got burned  I hope not
That sucks  I'm sorry to hear that driver  you'll push though this my best wishes  an stay safe out there c'mon
Man watching this made me sick to my stomach and brought tears to my eyes. I pray something good comes from all of this 🙏 God can be cruel sometimes but dose things for a reason
The welding bottles had all of the  fusible plugs go  has the fire marshal did any investigation? Did you have a alarm system? A fire is the thing I worry about the most in my shop . Did you guys own the building or lease it ? Hope you have good insurance coverage it’s a mess to deal with them  hope you guys can bounce back !
I'm so sorry, I can't even imagine what u guys are going through! Shame on you ppl saying negative things, no sane person is going to torch their business with everything they own in it! So sad, I unfortunately am going through rough times financially so I sadly can't help. I'll be sending thoughts, prayers & positive vibes your way ❤️
Sorry to ask but what happend to the Grand villa camper?
Met Tim once at a car meet we had, he’s a amazing dude and doesn’t deserve any of this! Prayers for the family!!
What ever you think you can salvage engine wise will have had that much heat it’s not worth it, tools and that is ok. This is heartbreaking and I can’t imagine your feelings, but it can be rebuilt people can’t and that’s what matters.
Cleanup video series coming soon!
My worse nightmare this Iam always burning an welding
When real cleanup starts,  Have a Still good pile, trash dumpster and scrap dumpster, someone dedicated to writing down stuff as its brought out and a crew picking up and putting stuff in its proper receptacle as they tell the writer what they picked up.
OK I live in mardas Oregon where do you live at
Gotta love them neighbors we ALL have them.
Hey brother not to good with phones an computer but I’m a truck driver an  good with my hands so I’m here if u need me
Thinking and Praying for you and your family!   Stay well and be patient it’s a process.  Ryan
I wish I could
People are assholes
I told James pretty  to hi from keith
This is so sad . I'm sorry you are going through this. We live behind an auto business that burned down of 4th of July in 2016. They had a conditional use permit so they can no longer rebuild on that parcel because it is actually zoned residential. They have been working out of a shipping container ever since. I hope you can rebuild and keep your business going.
Sorry for your lost God bless you
I am so sorry for all of you guys lost what's sad is when a fire that hot all the metal now is brittle. I know how hard it is the shop I work at caught on fire  I lost all of my tools I didn't have insurance on them so I lost most of my tools if I trade to use a tool it would break they got to hot then they was to brittle to use
This whole scenario sucks.  Hate to see this. I've watched every video since you started filming.  It takes a good family to get thru things like this and you seem to definitely have that covered.
I have been through this before .My first job the place burnt to the ground because of a lighting strike back in 1994. That being said I feel your pain and frustration. You will come out on top again. Hang in there Bro my thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and employees.
Tim this is so sad I'm sorry this happened I watch your channel faithfully and it's heartbreaking to see this! Keeping you and your family in my Prayers and everyone else involved God Speed.
Holy crap that was a hot fire.  Sorry guys.
Prayers.
As a grown man it tears my heart to see you guys going through this and you’ve been a blessing to the trucking community and all the help and advice you’ve given on this channel. You said it correctly god does things for a reason and we never know what it is but one thing I know is that he sees all the hard work and in Jesus name he will make everything stronger than what it was…. God bless you and we’re here for you always….
Does any company sell a fire resistant toolbox? I imagine they would be pretty expensive but maybe if a shop had fire resistant tool boxes they could get a reduction on insurance rate..
What if you turn Johnny cash into the new stinger truck for hauling boats
OMG.... Thoughts and many 🙏🙏🙏
This is a big tragedy but at this point everything can be replaced with even better..what is concerning is secondary tragedy like substance abuse or self harm divorce to me secondary tragedy are even worse than the first one.. Don't let this destroy anyone involved stick together
Wrenches look fine at least
Tim forget the haters and the keyboard warriors the true fans of your channel will be behind you to support you love your content buddy keep it up love to drive that white and blue cab over international yanking that bull rack down the road love you brother keep your head up man it'll all work out me and my brother
Forget all those rude comments. Your real fans are an will always be there for you till the end. Stay strong an stay positive brother :)
Insurance?
I know what you going through. March of 2022 I had a fire at my truck shop. I got back in October of 22.
What sucks even more is the cost to replace everything that can be replaced is now even more costly with this crap inflation all companies are doing to us.  This is why i am one of many in the US that is classified as Insurance Poor because i just increased all of my coverage amounts due to the crap inflation. Can't replace my home today for what i paid to build and my neighbor had to increase his coverage as well.
You guys are the ones that towed the racecars for cleetus  right??     Dude that sucks the shop burnt, it's so hard to watch something like this happen, all that work the truck, the parts.  So sorry dude!
Tim I just want to say that I rarely ever cry but watching this brought tears to my eyes
Was air force truck in shop
Was the scam truck inside ?
Tim God is going to do more for you this isn't the end trust me you will be back better and stronger I know right now it seem like the end but it is the beginning to a greater life thank you for all that you do and have done than you all truckers.
So very sorry for you're loss this is absolutely heart breaking
💔💔
My dad had a small engine & diesel business that burnt to the ground when I was 5 years old. When i was around 13 or 14, we had our barn burn to the ground. We had a lot of old antique engines in both the shop and barn that were burned pretty badly.
Unless your insurance company has given you the okay to go in you really shouldn't
Fire definitely started in the yellow cabover just due to the damage it had I hope everything works out for you guys
God bless you one one and all! All I can do is pray for you all and I will! Yes it's a big loss but it only means God has something better for you all! Keep your heads up stay strong in the faith, and God will see you through!
I am deeply sorry that this has happened to the Gentry family.  My thoughts are prayers are with you and the entire family.
Ugh, how heart breaking! It is by far the sentimental loss that hurts the most!! Thoughts and prayers for you!!
People think that they have a bad you start from the bottom and then you work way to the top for many years and it's gone in a second well I hope that you get to help that you need from the insurance and the rest of support from all your people out there from this YouTube site I wish I could help but I was just pray for y'all unless you have Jesus bless you for my heart to your heart from his heart
The fire investigation will tell you all you need to know. The one thing I can never understand is that most businesses like this do not have some form of fire suppression system in place that could of saved alot of this devastation. I hope they can rebuild again ASAP
Go ahead and find a public adjuster to help fight your insurance company. I work in the restoration business and insurance will try to save money at every turn. Good luck brother!
that is just devistating
So sorry folks....damn!   Todd Konoske the retired trucker.
Sucks for you buddy i asked for your help never responded or anything he only helps who he wants to!
And a cord of three is not easily broken.  You have your wife, you have your life and you have God.  Just you watch and see what He brings from the ashes.
Anyone that thinks there is some kind of scam going on is clueless , you'll never get back everything you lost ever !
God Bless You guys and hope everything works out for the better. I would like to donate I am also a truck driver and started a YT channel
prayer sent
Tim  So Sorry  For the loss  The  wife and i will pray for ya all if we had extra  we would help
Kitty litter is just as good as oil dry. And cheaper
I sure hope someone didn't deliberately set this fire, with your neighbors calling epa immediately after the fire was put out sounds suspicious and like the neighbors want you to fail, also I'm sure that someone hadn't long left that shop before the fire started and for it to start in the back would be the perfect place for someone if they wanted to be sneaky, I know for sure Tim wouldn't burn all of the irreplaceable items for the insurance money considering he could have just easily moved them and no one at all would have known any better, but I know Tim's got haters and it wouldn't be far fetched to say one of them was watching the shop that night and when the last man left for the night they knew it.
I would certainly not make light of your loss but thank the Lord that you have not lost something that you can never get back. You are healthy, your wife is OK, and your son is good to go.  If God’s blessings are on your life you will overcome this and be in an even better position once it’s a memory.  Maybe Phoenix Trucking , after the mythical bird that rose from ashes, will exemplify your business.👍
Just so you guys know I've donated £20 to your cause I'm sorry it's not more I work hard I have a family I just hope you can buy something with it 🙂
Keep staying positive there is a reason for everything as you said.  When I saw your load of cattle to Paw PAw Michigan I thought wow I am watching this man andreally enjoied  Agaqin stay positive.  Life is not always fair but you seem to be the type of man that things will come in your direction.
Yep insurance job
That’s the saddest thing I’ve seen in a long time i hope you can rebuild
I'm very sorry this as happened to you and your family. I want to send my love to you all. Things will be fine again xx
I’m sorry for your loss.
You do have insurance im sure pulling freight.. also go fund me fools…you will be rich by the end of the month..
Gentry and family. I can’t imagine what you all are going through right now, and I know that I can pray for y’all and I have. I will ask God to grant y’all peace and blessings. The Lord works in mysterious ways and he will see y’all through this,you will rebuild better than before. I know you can’t replace the sentimental value of the things you’ve lost but thank God no one was hurt. I’m here to help if you need me. May God answer all of your prayers 🙏🏽and I will keep praying for you and your family as well.
Lol Braxton mister positive
I do not know you  But im glad to see you guys are okay and safe  I pray to god for your protection  Good things will come your way
I hope you build back or find a different venture once you get some money from the insurance, Ik you were looking to sell a couple months back but the man up stairs worked things out in your favor, we have been there before doing take the insurance first settlement, get a lawyer involved and also a 3rd party inspector to estimate how much everything is worth, also might help to start a new llc and dot because that insurance premium after the claim won’t be pretty
that was hard to watch. all the tools. Those are what keeps the truck running. maybe you can just rent a shop to fix the trucks you got left. and make sure the snap-on people hang out so you can get whatever tools you need when you need them
Hello I’m here to tell your business an family please don’t let the negativity of comments discourage your Faith in the Lord an His Son Jesus that everything will be better in the Future on all Angles so we will keep continuing prayers for your family and your business 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 sending a pair of prayer hands for everyone in your family whims taking it very hard.
God bless u guys
Im sure insurance wont amount to even 1/4 of whats lost in this tragedy prayers wish i could help im from eden nc if it was a way i would
I just want to say I'm very new to you channel the 1st video I seen was the video of the grand villa with you and Braxton but I do love your channel I'm sooo soooo srry this happened to your family it's very sad you seem like a very great guy great father and great husband would really like to meet yall one day... I went through a house fire as a kid so I kinda understand your pain but I couldn't imagine my business burning to the ground that's horrible I really wish there was some way I could help... also I really wanna say for all the ppl saying it's insurance fraud that is the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life why would someone burn everything they worked so hard for years to build... that's the problem with YouTube ppl have nothing better to do but hate on successful ppl... I really can't wait to see what's to come from this by your personality I can already tell it's gonna be even better... hang in there and this too will pass with do time and keep being the great guy that you are your family needs you and ignore all the negative they just want to bring you down because your above them... I love yall and can't wait to see more videos
this was hard to watch. y'all might get the drawers of the boxes open if you cut the back open a little and get to the locking bar. it sounds like something got hot or melted, and the locking bar dropped.
What caused it?
Im retried E.P.A. we are primarily concerned with OIL. FUEL OR PESTICIDES that can get in a creak or rain runoff. That will eventually make it to your water supply
is the motor home ok.?
Man I can see that your dad is really sad but tell him to hold on man. I will be fine soon enough man
Really sorry for all your loss. I know the feeling loosing everything. Especially when you have no money. I’m still homeless two years later still trying to work so hard to get my family out of this whole. So I know the feeling and wish the best for you and your family
I think somebody didn't like u guys and started it out of envy and hate...ur off a main road and a lot of thru traffic .....I hope it's not arson....I pray u all make it tyrew this
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Again I’m so sorry my prayers go out to you all you all will rebuild fire ruins everything
It's tough to start over. I did it with 2 businesses. Hard very hard but it's possible
I know it's a hell of a loss at least nobody lost their lives everything can be replaced
✌️😫👍❗
Sorry am not in the us man I would sure be there to come and help you clean up man I would have sure been there it is very sad man be we are with you guys through the process gns family I very strong we the viewers have complete faith in you guys and we will keep praying for u all 100% support
Everytime I see a shop fire video it scares the shit out of me. I'm very sorry for your losses God bless
Sorry for your loss. I feel your pain because we lost our shop and everything in and around it about seven years ago. A lot of sentimental stuff was lost that can never be replaced
Thank God the office didn't burn as well..that would have made it allot worse.
So sad to watch, glad everyone is OK,  all the best for the future x
Heartbreaking………so sorry …….. wind / Water/ snow…..you can deal with that , without to much clean up, but fire really does ruin everything……so so gutted to see such devastation…….thoughts go out to you guys from across the pond…..👍🇮🇲😐
Unreal. Many Prayers for you ALL
That kid of yours has one hell of a head on his shoulders. He is going to do big things! You guys are blessed we will still be praying for you and your kin.
Feel for you man, I hope your insurance is as kind to you as you guys are to others. (As in quick, efficient, and not messing you around)
Good Lord. Devastating. Words seem weak when things like this happen. This time next year I hope and pray you and your family are in a far better place.
Sorry to see and hear. God be with you and yours
Why were all your trucks parked so close to the building man I hate to say it bit this looks suspicious.
I watched your videos because you helped people when you didn't have to.  Just remember God won't make a mountain you can't climb.
Your right you never think it's going to happened to you until it happens I no I was a child and my aunt's house burned to the ground we lost everything we had family photos was the hardest part of the house fire because it was our family that's no longer here with us anymore I'm sorry your going through this but think of the bright side at least you and the family and your friends want in there when it started and you can always rebuild I no it won't be the same and if anyone says it will be don't hear them because it will never be the same you will never get back what you lost from your grandparents or family or friends that is no longer here but count your blessings you and everyone else is still walking and breathing and talking to you may God bless you and your family in this hard time and I pray you can start over again my late father was a truck driver and today is his birthday he would have been 62 years old and I just came across your channel cause I seen a truck that looked like one my dad used to drive and something was picking at me to watch it so I did and I'm glad I did but in a way I'm so sad for everything you have lost sending you lots of prayers and again I hope you can rebuild again hugs and love to you and your family from my family here in Michigan God bless
Congratulations 200 K subscribers
This sucks to see but you can add more safety and stuff when yall rebuild some fire walls and chemical cabinents
Sorry for ur lose keep ur heads up
Sad to see this. Hopefully, it's a swift insurance process.
I can not give you guys same thing but I can pray for you so you can get on your feet soon and stay strong guys
My prayers are with you all. I know that it's still very raw to see any positive but the memories will remain with you and nobody lost their life. Stay strong God and all of us have your back.
You guys are amazing
Don't worry about it because its only stuff and it can be replaced as long as nobody got hurt or died you still have what's most important and that's family.
Oh man, no one deserves that.  I'm so sorry for you!  But I think you can do it and you will recover from this terrible incident.  Good luck, fingers crossed for you!!! 🤞
God bless this fine family 🙏 meet their needs and grant them recovery in their business & ministry in your mighty name Amen and Amen 💗🙏 from Beloit Ohio Rick Smith
Total and utter destoryed. I am amazed how hot that fire must have got. So sad for you guys.
People are generally good but truckers and hard working Americans like this you can’t ask for better. God bless
I've never comment on any platform but hate to see your lost. It took me 3 days to watch that video. My dad was a trucker and as a young boy I and my brothers was Brax. Sorry again for your lost and pray that you come back even stronger.
You need to get @HeavyDSparks to come on over and help you with his heavy equipment...
I remember being in that shop many of times with dad and falling asleep there cause we was there so late
Prayers
Why didn't you remember your keys to your shop you remembered to get camera though smh something  fishy here buddy
His son seen on here with a stack of money he got from his dad's ad revenue..A 10  year old with a stack.of money in his lap! Now on go fund me.. Bull Shit! I am reporting as fraud..If he can give his son a. Stack of 100 dollar bills he can afford to rebuild...Wake up people the man is a con artist!
i've been praying to God about your situation and how you help so many  and so many lives  are being helped by you and your family and crew and drivers and all your friends ,  please don't give up  you inspire so many , and your detail to excellence for driver safety, and your love of trucking and i will keep praying for you and to send you financial help , may God Bless you and all those around you
Tim I've been following you for years...iam pretty blessed in life ....I know you have alot of people offering to help ...I'll help with your brother car..or anything you may need
What about the new Peterbilt you just got
Concrete walls make a great fire barrier, and probably the cheapest to put up.
I had to turn off the first vid. My heart just couldn’t handle it…. Keep your chins up. You’ll get through this bigger and better!
So sorry this happened to you and your family. This must mean it's time for foe an upgraded bigger better building.
My thoughts an prayers go out for Y’all trust in god and everything will prevail love the channel stay safe
Glad no one is hurt and people are reaching out. As far as people ridiculing those who are donating time and funds insinuating his insurer will make him whole are sadly mistaken. The insurance adjusters are busy scheming on ways to not pay out or pay in full. Some insurers will even deny a claim altogether if they fault the insured for the incident(like improperly stored flammable materials, even though it is a diesel repair shop). Some things are irreplaceable and priceless. A rig in for repairs with electrical problems could have burnt the shop to the ground. Leave it up to the investigators to determine the most likely cause for this tragic loss. Praying for yall. You still have a good reputation and family to fall back on for strength.
Fires suck!!!  You guys seem pretty capable of rebuilding though.  Insurance will take care of you and then comes the fun part.  Rebuilding new the way you want it.
Don’t be scared of the EPA. Read the constitution unless you’re on federal property or inside of the 10 mi.² of Washington DC. They have zero jurisdiction over your business. WV vs EPA
Was the scam truck lost in the fire as well?
God does nothing just partially. He does bigger and better in everything as long as we do not get in His way. He is moving you to a bigger better facility. Might be in the same place but bigger and better. Still praying. Keep up the faith and it will all be good.
That Positive Outlook Braxton has reflects on his Parents and Grandparents.  You are great People and I pray that you come back stronger than ever.
I got knots in my stomach from watching this.
Guys I'm so sorry for your losses I hope and pray your insurance covers your losses financially- the emotional ones I hope you can heal from and find new memories with a new shop and builds.
❤❤❤
For all the rude people who left rude comments,keep it to yourself, you dont know what your talking about,if you got rude stuff to say,dont even bother,no one would burn there work place to the ground for a check,they most likely make more than what any insurance place would pay for something this horrible that happen,plus this family does not look like a family with a young boy that would commit a felony for insurance fraud,SO FOR ALL YOU PEOPLE THAT LEAVE RUDE COMMENTS, NO ONE WANTS TO HEAR IT,anyway for the family,i will be praying for you,staying positive is the number 1 key,much love😘❤
That fire was so hot I doubt a sprinkler system would have made a difference. The fire experts will be able to tell you. I spent over 28 years maintaining hospital fire barriers and systems and yes we had a couple fires but none that hot. There was simply to many accelerants to control it I think. I am truly sorry for your loss.
لطالما انت بخير وصحه وافراد اسرتك جميعا بخير فانت في نعمة واشكر الله على ذالك والايام كفيلة ان تنسيك ماحدث ويخلف الله رزقا وفيرا ان شاء الله ☝️ سرتك
To hear you say some people thought that you did this for insurance. You will never see the dollar value of everything you lost in the fire. There's not enough insurance to cover everything. I'm so sorry for your loss. Keep your head up and keep moving forward. God bless you and your family..
The biggest thing to remember with a fire of this nature is patience. Cleanup will require remediation by haz-mat pros due to all the chemicals in that shop. Let us know what we can do and when.
She passed in October 19th
I’m sorry you guys lost everything BUT THE SURPRISED SOUND not our NEW ONES lol bro you walked into the building without going through a door
i am so so sorry man i feel your pain but any ways  at lest no one was hurt or killed my prayers go out to you all if i could i would give you all a big hug. keep your head up
There is not no words to express how sick it makes me feel. I can only imagine how decimated you feel.
Glad that you and your family are ok. I thoroughly understand what you mean about loosing the tools.  Maybe when you get a new shop built, you might want to look into a fire sprinkler system! Been praying for you 🙏
Motorcycle looks cool
How is your dad doing TIM?
start making a list of everything  lost and start adding it up
Stay Strong Tim. Greatings from Poland
It's a setback Tim, but you're still starting out way better than where you were when you started. You've got  a whole online community now and like you say you build up a reputation for coming back from adversity so there's plenty peeps rootin for ya! Good to hear Brax get you chucklin a bit with his optimist attitude. Rooster's motor was the one that was all painted up black and burgundy right? Can you use your Uncle Ronnie's shop for a bit to do some repairs and such or is that too far away? I know you said that he was in poor health and wasn't able to use it much. Guessing you may not want to have dirty mechanic stuff though with a paint booth.
Lol you have nothing to worry about cause we watching already
I'm watching from ireland 🇮🇪, so sad but you guys are survivors, please God you guys will get back on your feet soon.
The tools you want to save soak them in diesel fuel to stop the rust and clean them . I had a fire two years ago  not as big but as you stated wouldnt wish it on my worst enemy
My wife and I lost a house to fire 11 years ago and I felt the same way that day as I could tell you did on the video, like there was no recovering from this.  I actually told my wife that day, "I'm not sure I can get through this" but together we made it through to the other side.  Be grateful nobody was hurt, and my only advice to you is that one of you now needs to make "watching the insurance company" your full time job.  You need to keep them honest.  In the end things worked out ok for us, some things will never be replaced but overall things are better.  Good luck getting through this, you've been through worse!!!
I hate this for you guys brother. You are living a dream very few of us are able to live. This is a minor setback but you will come out stronger and better than you were. I think you should listen to “This ain’t nothin” by Craig Morgan. Watched this video last night and just heard this song and thought about you.
So Very Sorry
You have a real piece of work for a neighbor.
That's raw, I wish you and your family all the strength you need.
Steel melts between 2500 and 2700 degrees
I feel that you will come back stronger and better.  Only way you can go is up.  I wish I could help hard working family.  You remain in my prayers.  Your right God got you.   🙏 Good things to come.
thanks for sharing
Has anyone figured out what started the fire?  The only way to stop this from happening again is to know how.
After surviving 5 times loosing everything and starting over the greatest lesson I learned from the losses was GOD would take me to a higher level each time. I pray that you will keep JESUS out in front and experience your next level.
Prayers!  To the people saying negative things, you all are scum of the earth.
I've been on a fire department for a few years and the main thing is nobody got hurt in the fire. Things can be replaced but people can't!   KEEP POSITIVE YOU WILL RECOVER!
I wish you guys the best. I am shocked by cleetus' silence on this. One courtesy post sharing the go fund me would change everything for you guys.
You guys are ok that’s what counts.
As a mechanic that lost my tools to a shop fire a year ago I found my sockets and wrenches even some of my ratchets were still good even after being exposed to almost or maybe over 2000° of heat so keep your head up and salvage what you can sorry you lost your shop
That’s a whole lot of SUCK! praying for your family and that the insurance is fair!
truck insurance should cover the trucks that had insurance business should cover the building and parts/tools as well as a portion of the trucks but id file with both and let them fight it out on who pays what and how much now in therory buisiness should cover it all as its all damage from a fire at the business. but like youve said before tim youve come from nothing before. its all replaceable itll just take time atleast nobody got hurt and the oxy tanks didnt blow. all you can do now is build back better rise from the ashes like a phoenix and keep on trucking
We were supposed to comply with an audit so we burnt down our office too, it was such a traumatic experience
Stay strong always positive thoughts  Support from Portugal 💪🇵🇹
We love you Tim! Keep your head up! Thank you for the great videos you make for us and always keeping my head on the right track with your positivity
Sorry for your loss, hope you and your family come out of this better, all positivity and prayers
Hi Your video showed up in my feed last night about the fire and Although I have never seen your channel I must say I was crying my eyes out for you and your family.  I've had a fear of fire since I was a child and now it truly terrorizes me especially with anxiety. I couldn't imagine what you went through and will be going through and I just want to say I'm so truly sorry and I pray with time things will get better. God Bless you and your family❤❤❤❤❤My Heart really Break's for you..
That just sucks
Praying for you
Welp this sucks to see !!! , next building you build put a sprinkler system in it all of this would of been stoped
Sorry for your loss. For people saying it’s a insurance scam,ignore them. They have never dealt with insurance then. They will never cover everything down to the penny that was lost. They wanna payout the least possible amount, and they always find ways.
I can tell your dad was about to cry after he saw what was left of his bike.... I almost started crying myself! By any chance would you be able to salvage any of the hand tools, wrenches and sockets mainly or do you think the heat of the fire cooked all the strength out of them?
I feel wat your dad is talking about I still hve my 1st toolbox my grandpa gave me win I was 6years old an over the years is been giving me more an more an I would not know wat 2 do if I lost them I'm praying 4 better days 4 u an your family 🙏💙🙏💙🙏
My heart breaks for your whole family.
where ever the smoke was is where fire started they said it was come from basement well no basement there so thats a start
Failure is NOT an option! This storm will help you appreciate and motivate you on a different level. Let this story be your testimony and not your downfall my friend 🙏
So sorry mate. Hang in there. You have a lot of good people waiting to help in anyway they can. If I lived across the pond I’d be reaching out too. 👍🏻🇬🇧
As a farmer for many years, we have multiple sheds , cold storage and work shops, sometimes unhandy but precautions against fires and tornadoes it's worth it. You will come back better.
Praying for y’all every day !!!
My prayers go out to you and your family tim
Definitely an insurance cam all the sudden your shop burns down when you doing all the projects really funny and just the stuff that you were working on or is not your price possessions got burned the 379 didn't get burned the cab over did not get burned that's not fun box was old as hell it probably had it Craftsman and half harbor freight that was not full of snap on hard to believe and I guarantee you you're going to make out brand new shop like you've been talking about brand new tool boxes brand new everything upgrade upgrade upgrade
🙏🙏🙏
So sad for your loss! Hope you can recover!
HEy man I just saw the video of the lost. My prayers are with you Brother and family. Do you need my help down there I can call some churches in the area to help. let me know how can I HELP.
Good look hope everthing works out for you and family bless you all
Hey brother I am glad you and your family is safe, That's is what is important. I know there are sentimental things that was lost and I understand because I have lost everything in a home fire and a lot was not replaceable because of sentimental things. Time will heal all and you will move on from this and grow from it, possibly be better and bigger because of it. The people making accusations are complete assholes, I can say it because I can't be struck for it . (To the idiots) Leave this man and his family alone and stop making false accusations.) They are good down home people and honest. Shit happens that they can't control and if they could of it would of never happened. God bless you and your family 🙏
Man I can relate to the shock and pain more than you know. I lost a house in Hurricane Katrina in 2005,Moved a hour inland and lost a 2nd house 11years later to a 9ft flash flood in 2016 in Denham Springs Louisiana it was National news. Because we got a Sba loan to buy the 2nd house after Katrina we're still paying the mortgage off and can't even live in it, We've been staying with family since. I hope y'all bounce back I hate to see this happen to good people.
We’re all behind you. Fires can be devastating. It’s just really heartbreaking all the history and sentimental value of all the items not only you but your buddy’s have lost. Prayers that you guys find the light in this and come back even stronger.
tim you and youre wife are amazing i really like youre being positive  youre son what a trooper i hope and pray for y'all it may take time  but ,  i'm positive its all going to 'pull back together it was very sad to see the video my prayers are there for  y'all god bless
Prayers for you guys... I know how it feels... Been threw a few fires myself... Not fun..
Extremely sorry for you loss. Very very difficult to watch
Prayers for you all.  So so sorry for your major loss.
This is horrible to watch unimaginable
Just went through a major house fire myself. Word of advice, don’t try and save anything. Replace everything, it’s not worth it, it will damage everything around it in the future.
Me And my family will keep praying for God to bless you and your family and your employees and y'all had a very nice shop I love watching you and your family on YouTube I pray that God will open the door for to have everything in 10folds for the loss but I think God nobody got hurt and I know exactly what your dad was talking about things being handing down from generations we will keep for God to bless y'all.i really like watching y'all and I know all about mechanics tools I'm a mechanic and heavy equipment operator and I always wanted to learn how to drive them big trucks
Your voices say it all. The pain is unreal. I have never experienced a fire, however my home shop was flooded a few years back and that was traumatic enough having to throw out prized possessions, I’m behind you and your family if there’s anything I can do. You will rise from the ashes and overcome this.
guess its safe to say the building had no sprinkler system..   thats a huge huge loss... i wouldnt even try to guess the dollar figure on the amount lost there which insurance wont even come close to covering im sure.    hope plenty of people come to help you as youve helped so many..
Sorry man
Do y’all think there is anyway y’all can salvage the frame from the yellow cabover and still make another stinger truck from a parts truck?
Hope its was not envy and hate that cause this fire.sometimes when you feel that you helping people, it has some don't like progress. Stay strong brother.
Man that fire was super hot. Hopefully you are able to salvage some things.
I found you channel from bruse when you bought the cabover and was inspired by your work watching you grow was very interesting niw seeing you like this my heart goes out to you.
So sorry this happened to you man
I'm sorry you're going through this situation and you'll be able to rebuild it back better than it was hopefully your town will let you build a pole barn  building for your trucking company and do you have another road access to put an entrance away from the houses
My name is gentry also...wonder if we are related..I feel for ya....I cant help but I wish you the best.
sorry brother the video when you was buying the yellow cabover is the first one I watched
Life is a roller coaster. You slowly climb up just to crash down level out start climbing again and repeat.
From the ashes you will rise again better and stronger.. sending our thoughts and love to you and crew, family..
Thoughts and prayers brother
So sorry for your issues.  My prayers will mention you and yours.  Keep your faith and giving ways,  God will see you through.
keep your head held high tim dont worry about the haters hating on your there just jelous on what you have accomplished. im so sorry this dissaster happened to you and your family. you will bounce back,  you have a great community behind you and a great suport network, keep doing what your doing as your a great content creator. hope things work out for you and the family the way this community is hoping for and we all look forward to seeing future video's. from me and my family we love y'all and were keeping our fingers crossed for your family and employee's.   you guys will always cherish the memories from that shop and your right tools can be replaced along with everything else over time  and where ever you go to if you have to move to a different shop new memories will be made along with alot of laughs, fun projects. Gentry and son garage 2.0 bigger and better.   love you all and love the content Dave
Hi Tim and family I wish you all the best I read some of the comments I can tell you this was a tragedy not a scam I know in my heart that Tim you would never do this my heart goes out to you and family I will pray for you and your family I’m so glad that no one was hurt take care stay safe From your Canadian friend G.Whyte
Tim and family words can’t describe how much seeing that shop touched me deeply .I have  a theory on what happened and I’m betting we are thinking the same .my heart of heart go out to your dad lord he has to be just heart broken I have never met him but I know he is a good man .prayers to you all and your darn straight Gentry & Sons trucking will be back   My strange feelings on the shop bring the remaining trucks to where you can keep the cameras on them like near home I got a bad feeling on this fire. Love y all remember we see the aftermath of this horrible night laying there   But with a lot of love and prayer you and the family are going to move mountains but bring the rigs that run close to home please stay strong and please watch your dad I’m older then him by 5 years I understand the tools that were passed down I have them from my dad 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Prayers
It’s a blessing you had a great YouTube following. Could you imagine if you didn’t? Sending prayers to you all, love the positivity it’s definitely a motivation! Glad everyone is safe that’s what matters.
Any word on the ignition source?
So sad to see all the damage. A fire definitely is devastating and then the headache of dealing with insurance. Hopefully, that goes smoothly for you. And a huge shoutout to the volunteer fire department. I am an AEMT in a small county and we depend heavily on volunteers in the community I work in and they are phenomenal. Prayers for your rebuild.
Am soo sorry for your lose.. It makes me really think bout putting a fire sprinkler system in my workshop.. Fire hot enough to melt metal on the floor level
I dont have money for you, but we pray for you that you rebuild your company, and God bless you and your family.
@milwaukee tools
I had 2 house fires and lost a very very large collection of military uniforms from ww2 uniforms from each and every country that was in ww2 it was enough to buy a very nice  foreign sports car I'm sending you some money from my dad and I. May God bless you and your family and a fast recovery GOD Bless
Fire is no joke sorry for your loss it's a hit  it's all going to come back bro just keep falth and you will be surprised everything is going to come back all right bro  just keep family close and be grateful nobody got hurt
Dude, this sucks. I know what you're going through. We had a house fire Friday Dec 13th 1985. Sifting/sorting through what remains is difficult especially with sentimental stuff Most of ours was smoke damage which isn't much better for things that can't be replaced. Our kitchen burned up mostly which was where most of the things my mom wanted as my grandma cooked quite a bit. All her stuff she used to use was no longer usable. Hope you get through this best you can. At least the trucks are still out on the road making money. That block cracked for Rooster's motor and those tanks peeled open like water troughs probably was cuz they got so hot with the fire and then the water from the fire trucks hit super quenched them and made them crack from cooling too fast.
Our local Truck Shop had this happen a few years ago. Not cool. That being said they did make a full recovery with a new shop 3 years later.
Feeling so sorry for all you have on your shoulders; your family and your employees too. I Subscribed to your Channel when I saw your video about the fire. Will be keeping all of you in my thoughts and prayers.
Oh my God  I’m so sorry you all my prayers go out to you all hope everything is well hope everything gets better if I can help in anyway just let me know
Hey I feel for you been through a similar situation 5 years ago. Don’t be afraid to reach out to me I understand a lot about insurance it’s a learning experience
Your dad is awesome!!!
Man im so sorry to see this happen to yall, hopefully yall can recover from this this. Do yall have any idea what started it? hopefully it was a accident and not someone that just wanted to be petty. Hang in there and best of luck.
🙏🏻
How can people call this insurance fraud
I would put the sprinklers system in ur new shop good luck buddy
Glad everyone's ok  it may take years to rebuild but keep y'all's heads up
Tim my ❤️  go,s out to you.good bless you and your family.
There is something scammy about this
My family's business experienced a fire when I was a senior in HS. From experience, any metal tools that survived the fire have lost it's temper and will shatter and fracture. The worst part of a fire is you never know exactly what you lost. Years later things will come to mind.  The best thing is no one was hurt. Material things can be replaced, people can't.
DSL!
I'm too tearful to write....
Pray God will bless you with twice the amount......
Hi Tim and family, my heart goes out for you. I hope everything is going well as it can. I'm in Australia and love your channel and trucks. How can I get merchandise? If you are ever in Australia I'm inviting you to have a BBQ at our place and if your keen come for a trip in one of my trucks.
Man I can’t imagine losing a shop with all them memories and all of the tools and trucks and cars. I’ve been through something like that before where my house called on fire so I know how it feels a little I definitely will be keeping all of you in my thoughts and prayers an if there is one thing I know it’s that you will come back big and better then ever keep your head up and keep on trucking
Do you know what started it
I just keep hearing Tim say “NOOO!” When they pulled up while it burned. That was gut wrenching.   I’m so sorry about all this. No one deserves this but especially not you guys. You’ve got all of us behind you no matter what the whole time. Stay strong Gentry family💙
So sorry to hear all this. I've spent the last month in the hospital with no Wi-Fi and I come home to see this. Wish I could do something but right now I can't even get in bed without help. Stay strong and we'll both pull through stronger than before.
THE REASON FOR THIS TIM TO BUILD SOMETHING BIGGER FOR YOU AND YOUR FAM AND ALSO TO PASS DOWN TO BRAX AND EVEN HIS KIDS
Truly sorry
Most people will never be able to comprehend what and how much these ppl lost
The sad part is you might be able to scrap some of it to the cooperate some money so sorry
This was hard to watch, it’s heartbreaking seeing everything destroyed. Keep your head up brother!
I'm sick just looking at it, God be with you all  !
Sorry for what happened to you it will get better for  you 👍🙏
Man I bet all the crackheads will be trying to pilfered thru everything at night! You’ll about have to stand guard  over it at night if it’s anything like where I’m from.
I’m sorry this happened! But look at it like this everything happens for a reason ! God has bigger and better plans for you and your family . STAY STRONG!
Hey man Chattanooga here if you need any roll off cans let me know happy to donate anything we can
oh my
"Ouch !!!!!."
What kind of jackass  calls the epa while the fire is going on.    Talk about kicking a man while he's down
Heartbreaking
Feelin for ya big time
It’s incredible to see the positivity you and your family keep through this situation. Keep plugging bro. Wishing you the best
What an awful thing to have happened. Total destruction and difficult for you to digest.  I don't think it is worth your time to try to salvage anything there. Get as much money from insurance as possible.  Find a temporary place   Do what you can to keep the company in business and move forward. If it were mine I would let the scrappers come in and get what I could and try to rebuild. Put in a sprinkler system.
Insurance will pay but they won't pay enough to replace everything... make sure to get receipts for everything you buy...so sorry this happened to you.. praying for you and your family
Oh my heart just goes out to all of you. God I wish I had the money to help all of you😢
Some supporting wishes from Europe. Hope your insurrance covers all vour losses , at least the financial losses. But sentimental it´s a whole other story. Be strong and don´t give up.
I went through a house fire almost 2 years ago, watched every thing I owned burn to the ground. I feel bad for you and everyone else that was affected and wish I was in a better position to help but I'm still recovering from my house fire. No one realizes how much money is lost in a fire or how much it takes to rebuild.
I would love to donate but I hit 2 deer with my only car to work and it was totaled. They insurance company gave me very little(it wasn't worth a whole lot) and I had a good friend in the body shop business trade work to help me put it back on the road. The car is barely driveable and almost dangerous for the hood not latching all the way and the heater core leaks coolant causing all my windows to fog up now. I've been trying to save money but I live pay check to pay check. I can give you support by commenting and subscribing to your channel and doing what I can to keep your channel going.
Get some sea crate conex boxes.  Pull stuff out Photo, document and store in the conexs by type of loss.  Salvaged tools, damaged tools, GNS company parts, customer parts, personal parts.  Staying organized will help in this process.  Dont get held up on trying to save stuff thats melted together.
Where is Travis?
Tim I cannot imagine the feeling you guys are going through. I totally get your dad's emotions on the tools from his great grandfather and other relatives because I have alot of family tools and heirlooms. I'm certain this will be incredibly tough to go through and rebuild, but it will make all of you a much tougher person in a great way. On a brighter note atleast you have multiple videos on your channel that you can go through to see exactly what tools you had in the shop when it comes time for the insurance company. God was definitely with you during this fire because nobody was physically hurt. God will replace all that was lost in this tragedy and more because of your faith in him. God bless you and we are praying for all of you back here in cecil county Maryland 🙏🏻
You guys soeld do terdowns on thoes motors.
That fire department dropped the ball on that whole deal...
Man, this is so hard to see. I'm sorry this happened. I'm absolutely on board if you need some extra help for a few days. I'm hopeful you'll come out stronger on the other side of this. I know first hand how difficult insurance can be to work with. I hope they treat you right.
my heart aches brother. i know the feeling. i lost everything as well this year.  the bad part is the memory's and such. im starting over. its tough.
So sad! When you have so much of a business you should invest in a fire detection and suppression system
So very sorry this happened 🙏🙏
Stay positive Tim & family. The Lord made sure you all were safe. It will take time and effort to be back where you want to be - but there is no hill for a climber - You will be back bigger & better than ever.
Sorry for your loss you did not loose your people truck
Make sure to get a public adjuster to help you with your claim
Without a doubt, having your Dad with you you will come through with this. Miss mine.
While watching this video and seeing how awful and heartbreaking this is, you said at the beginning you have to let the professionals do their job.  So I'm wondering how is it ok for you to be in there looking at going threw stuff while they are doing their investigation????
If done correctly, his is a major set back, but this may be a blessing in disguise, get a nice steel building that can't burn, one day at a time, build back better, make truck shop great again, stay strong
So hard to watch sending prayers 🙏
I ask God for blessings over the entire Gentry family. I believe you will build from the ashes to be even better. Your loss is hard but we are all thankful no one was hurt
I'm keeping yall in my prayers 🙏 love your videos hate this happen to good hard working people
I have literally no idea who you guys are but i hope the best for you this is a rough one for sure. hopefully insurance is good to you guys and you can rebuild all this soon.
Someday, I hope to be as positive about crappy situations as your son. I'm sorry this happened to you. I feel depressed just watching this. But hearing you talk, I know you guys will come out of this better than ever.
I am a faithful follower of y'all's channel I am shocked to tears about this happening to good people I am praying for you and your family I am in St Louis but of there is anything let me know God bless
So sorry to see you guys go throw this I know it’s not easy to walk throw your shop and see all the time and money that was lost
Gutted for you guys .. bless your dad x
Tim the best thing is you have videos of what you had. That is important for the insurance company. Then the receipts in the office i pretty sure it did not burn.  I know about tools being a mechanic and learning the trade from my dad. Yes, i have a lot of my dad's tools also. Every time i pick one up and use it i wonder what he was working on, or a memory comes back of handing him tools as a little boy. Like your dad started working on cars then moving on to working on heavy equipment etc.   I have a feeling as to what started the fire, but i will never say. Thank God that those tanks did not explode. That could have hurt a lot of people. The best part was no one got hurt.   I understand the thinking you have on safety in the future and fire walls. One think i would recommend is building a new MSDS book and hold a safety meeting once a week. It helps big time in the shop. The simplest things like tank storage being chained to the wall when not in use. Chemicals being stored correctly. Shop rags & towels. First aid kits. I am sure you know what i am talking about.   I pray for all of you and i wish you the best.
When life gets hard, I always remind myself, “God will never put you thru more than you can handle”. Life sucks right now but I’m sure it will get better and you will come back a lot stronger. Good luck!!!
Everyone is safe. Your knowledge and skills will work no matter what kind of shop or location of shop. You will be back better and stronger than before
Sorry for the losses.. I know the feeling of 3-4 generations worth of tools.. I've had a few they don't make anymore that were thrown out by a family member simply cause they didn't know what it was for.. But to lose them like you did..plus all the rest parts extra parts trucks. an such .. Really drives home next shop needs needs a hazmat room.. a firesafe room for tires an such and an extensive sprinkler system.. Which at this point is hindsite.. The biggest thing that beatin at me is did that neighbor call fire department or the EPA first.. Has that neighbor been there forever or someone new to area that didn't realize they bought property so close to Commercial zoned property.. I know sounds like conspiracy theory ... But would not be first time I'd heard tell of it happening.. that being said security camera ya can access and store data at house for goes on list
when you write a list of everything for the insurance, atleast you have your YT videos showing everything. make sure to write EVERYTHING on because they don't give full value but thankfully you have PROOF of it all in the videos. it's one hell of a  time to get through it but you will come through it
Love all positive things coming out. Praying may help. Thanks for updating. 🇺🇸
I'm so sorry this happened to your family, be praying for yall.
Come back stronger guys
God Bless you  can we come help you  rebuild. I can hang fire rock and fire protection. I gave to go-fund fundraiser.
That’s some shitty neighbors
Everything is toast, all those heads were hot and then cooled with water their ruined. So sorry for your loses!
There are Angels among us. Just know in your heart that things will be ok. I promise you. There is a light at the end of the tunnel. You may not see it yet. But it is coming.
Sorry for your last bro you will go back and top
When the devil comes of  messing ,GOD comes blessing we pray GOD will bless y'all more than you need to build back  Y'all are in our prayers and hearts
so so sorry for the loss hearing your dads stories  and the beginning of this video  brought me to tears 😢 😿 your family and employees are in my thoughts and prayers 💗💗💗🙏🙏🙏🙏
I posted my last comment before seeing this and it just crushes me to hear and see your pain. I’m so sorry.
I am glad that you and your family are safe.
Just started watching your channel , your Son Braxton? has a beautiful look at life. A sense of humor is everything.
Be happy yall have people who support yall and realize this is a great chance for an insurance payout and donations. Yall are hard working people who have integrity and yall got each other. From the outside looking in, yes it sucks that it happened but literally everybody seems to love yall. I'm a nobody with no support and alone so what I want in life doesn't and never will matter but I'm happy to see the next person do good. Go ahead and milk it for everything it's worth.
really feel for your family . Your lovely people and i hope a rainbow shines on your future.uk sub right here.one of my favourite channels. my family wishes you all a prosperous future. Take care :-)
I know this isn’t nothing compared to what your facing and what you lost but I am currently restoring a wheel horse garden tractor of my grandpas that went through a fire.  This hits home.  Fire is worst because most things aren’t fixable or are just plain gone.  Keep your heads up. You have a strong fan base behind you and friends but mostly a strong wife ready to fight through it with you
It's time for y'all to get What You wish for,  keep a lean-to for the young-uns. Lol  Prayers for everyone  🙏 ❤
Look up Vice grip garage on you tube , he might have some mustangs in his rusty acres  , do you have business interruption insurance
Praying for you and your family.  Yall great family.  Keep up good work  . We just keep paying for your family
Bummer.. I hope you guys come back stronger then ever!
I’m so sorry for your loss.  If you do decide to rebuild, please put in a fire suppression system.
That sucks but no life loss the material items can be replaced.
That was very crappy of your neighbors calling epa. Kick you while you’re down
😢
Prayers from New Jersey 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 Tim god bless you and your family and your crew
The reason everyone is here to help is because you get back 10 fold what you put out and you are truely a rare one and you more then deserve everything positive coming back to you. So please embrace it because you deserve it. We all want nothing but the best and quick return for your family including the family that works with you and for you. I’m so glad everyone is safe. I know it’s raw but you will gain it all back and then some.
so sorry. I feel your pain brother
That gets me fuming mad! Shame on those neighbors for snitching to the EPA on you. That's the last thing you should have to deal with after a fire.
Just start planning and making lists...yep it sucks but feeling sad and sorry for yourself won't do anything productive. It all happens all the time to people all over. What's critical that we gotta have...power back on to run tools equipment, covered working space...somewhere you can rent or figure out a couple redi built sheds. A couple containers with TJI floor joists sittin on top spanning a space between em for a roof. Walls built on ends to close it in keep things secure and hold some heat in for the cooler days. Start building up tools that are critical like compressor air hose reels etc all the hand tools go get some cheap Husky or smaller HF tool boxes cuz they're in stock. Buy some decent steel shelving to store stuff higher with less floor space. This can all keep you operating daily while bigger plans are made to rebuild bigger and better
Tim I am so sorry!
Fellow you keep talking about this and that being new and you just bought will get you the insurance always want fire reports and from the looks of the shop is going to be tough
God bless you all
Hire a really good public adjuster! Do not let the insurance company and their adjuster shaft you without lube. This is coming from a friend of mine who's an adjuster. I wish you the best with getting your company back up and running. May God bless you and your family through this.
There’s a lot that will be learned from this fire! I know that your both realize the lessons are already being learned
there didnt look like it had a tag on that car
I still  praying for yall it sticks I differently be buy merch from  yah  asoon I get money  love yah too  it breaks my heart too I love  half y'all  trucks  too
just keep telling the insurance everything is gone and they will replace it with new
When I was a teenager my father's machine shop burned due to a fire that started in a adjacent unit.  My father had insurance and so did the neighbors unit where the fire started so it was a nightmare dealing with insurance companies.  Documentation is key to dealing with insurance and luckily you have plenty of video evidence documenting your assets.  Sorting through the ruins is also a important aspect of documenting your losses.  It seems like the area you are in has very lax rules pertaining to fire code and inspections.  There is many precautions to take to help prevent fires and limit the spread and damage potential.  When I picked a location for my shop I made sure it had fire sprinklers and a good fire alarm.  All of my flammable chemicals and liquids are stored in proper fire cabinets.  I limit the amount of fuel in the vehicles in my shop and I take careful precautions.  A rule I have at my shop is that someone must stay there for at least a hour after welding or plasma cutting.  I have electrical disconnects mounted on the wall by each piece of equipment and I shut them all off at the end of the day.  Another often overlooked thing is lithium batteries as they have the potential to spontaneously combust so all of my tool batteries and chargers are kept in a metal fire cabinet when they are being charged and not in use.  At my shop I have a very small 10x15 fenced in area behind my shop where I store waste oil, batteries and welding cylinders.  As a precaution I disconnect disconnect the batteries of all vehicles in my shop.  Even with all of the precautions in the world it is impossible to eliminate all fire risk so you do your best to mitigate the risk as much as possible.  I am extremely cautious due to seeing what my father went through.  The best way to look at this situation is that you will probably be much better off after rebuilding and use this fire as a motivating factor to make the next step and grow the business.  The most important thing of all is having good iron clad insurance and documentation.    Look at Robby Layton, he had a basic small body shop and he had a fire and now he has a brand new state of the art comprehensive collision center with top of the line everything.
go buy bags of kitty litter they useually run around 6 to 9 dollars a bag
My shop just burned off 2 weeks ago it sucks
Our farm shop burnt down losing generations of stuff as well but in the end it was a Blessing is Disguise.   If god brings you to it, he’ll bring ya through it!  Keep your heads up
Sorry for your losses, my prayers are with you.
Praying for all of you
Tim for all you have done for other people no need for any payback. God bless and things will get better.
I’m so sorry for what has happened to you and your company. Praying for you and your family. God will get you through this. God bless you and your family.
Would suggest that you remove all the tin and burned framing. But be sure to check with insurance agent to be sure okay to start clean! You’ll be surprised at what you forgot about over the years! Be patient and don’t let the emotions make your decisions,
What the heck happened?
Just want to let you know at church yesterday we prayed for you so I thing is is has diesel Brothers got a hold are you at all just was wondering God bless you and your family God bless the world it’s all just get along
I didnt want to watch this video but one thing i can say is youll be fine. Just keep your heads up and keep working towards rebuilding. Youll be way better than ever, your brothers mustang sure does mean alot but he will get over it with time.
I’m sorry about the fire Tim really and after 25 years but I can tell you that you all will be back better than before and your dad is a awesome guy my prayers are with you guys
The sweetest power couple iv ever seen. All the best wishes in the world to you all. ❤️
I’m sorry to hear what happened to. I feel bad that I can’t help. Was the Air Force truck and Red Classic in the fire?
when you guys come back you will come bigger then ever
Usually The Insurance Comapny will come in and document each and everything pulled out of the shop. Especially if you had full replacement insurance. They replace everything u list down to each toothbrush or other empty tooth paste in a drawer. Anyone reading this look into the full replacement insurance. It's a life changing policy.  My parents had it when we had a fire when I was 11. It changed our life for the better like ypu wldnt believe.
I am in eastern NC, you guys are probably the main channel I look to for updates and I am not even a truck driver. I know you guys have a ton of support out there but I do have a small shop at home that I tinker out of. If you guys need anything to keep running tool wise for the time being please do not hesitate to reach out I would be glad to help out. God bless you all.
Know you're in our thoughts and prayers.
Tim when you rebuild put a sprinkler system in please for your own please of mind and your insurance cost should go down.
Need to make an Amazon wishlist and post it so people can send needed tools and equipment
Has the state fire marshall investigate this yet???
Im so sorry...I know exactly what your feeling on all the centamental toolsI I had a horrible fire at my shop andlist it all 10 months ago. No insurance cause it was my grandfather's and he had passed away. Lost all my tools cars dunebuggies over a million collectible cards and antiques that were going to be my retirement since I lived with my grandpaw/Bestfriend  since I was 20 and took care of him and i worked in the shop while he sat in the stool and taught me everything I knew. Welding to wrenching he was my teacher. He was a airforce mechanic for 25 years here in Smyrna TN. And I keep finding wrenches with his initials engraved and I cry everytime. The City has already fined me $1060 for not having it all cleaned up fast enough but I'm 1 man and doing the best I can and working to pay for the clean up. I've already hauled off 5 dumpsters a d 4 trailer loads but have so much more to go. People have no clue the memories you can't replace and what you lose in a fire like these. My grandpa was in this home with the shop behind the home since 1965. Even the camel saddles my grandma road were in the shop. Tells you the history and  memories that was here. You will be in my prayers. Please stay strong and you will rebuild I'm sure. You have a family and friends behind you! Bless your wonderful crew friends and Family! Your a very Blessed man even in a tragedy like this you will see...
What caused the fire?
Other than trying to salvage some tools, the rest isn't worth the effort.   The items get so hot and then having water thrown on them will completely change the characteristics of the metal.   The mating surfaces of the heads, engine blocks, etc may look decent but will not be true.   When they give the go ahead just throw it on a scrap truck and be done with it.   If you try to reuse the engine and truck components the headache of the fire will last even longer.   As for the tools, they may look good but I bet items like the sockets will explode in use.   I have tried recycling items like that and they will get someone hurt.     Sorry for your loss guys.   The burning of a shop is a great fear that I also have.
Praying that God works this out for you all🙏
so how did the fire start
Dang it, dude you need a break . Hang in there , stuff like this will can put you in a downer , stay positive .
Prayers for y’all
I know what you mean by the tools and stuff pass down, I have have my grandpas field set from when he was a mechanic for John Deere and heavy equipment and from when he was a trucker too he also was a mechanic for them.  I have the top part of his field mechanics set. Other family members started selling c*** and I saved that at least.  So I know what your dad is talking about.  I hope you guys get back on your feet fast and you can keep going.  Your shop and your dad remind me of the mechanics and stuff my grandpa was friends with and worked around.   No one can take the memories from you.
Have you learned to have a clean organized shop now tim?????
Looks like it was oil fire for sure. Everything burt to crisp. Thought and prayer to you and family.
space particles has been hitting last week changes chemical compounds
So sorry to see this. My home garage burnt down Feb '21 with all my racing and lawn care business items in it. I had alot of tool truck tools, mainly snap on. My local dealer helped me a ton and warrantied alot of my tools that where burnt. like screw drivers and ratchets. My digital torque wrenches I had to pay a flat fee to get replaced/ warrantied. It was a terrible experiance to deal with, took me a year to get everything cleaned up and rebuilt.
Hang tough and when the time comes to ask for help don't be ashamed to ask.❤️
My heart goes out to you guys. God will see you through all of this.🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️
Hey guys, again so sorry to hear about the fire. It's heart breaking. Small donation made for now, wish it could be more but I get bills out my ears in January. Hope the insurance man pays out.
Sorry buddy this hurts to watch man
It would be cool to see the white and blue cab over be the boat hauler that the yellow cab over was going to be
Just don’t address the people who make stupid statements'
Maybe Cruz Pedregon Racing (snap on sponsors) and Antron Brown (Matco sponsors) or Kallitta Racing ( MAC tools)  could help these guys out?
Insurance has to cover something. Maybe not all of it but some of it will be. Otherwise why carry insurance.
Why would the neighbors call the EPA?  You have to be a total dick to do that.  I don't know what caused the fire, but I hope it wasn't neighbors nearby.  You have to be ruthless to even pick up the phone and call while Tim and his family are now struggling with their losses.  With everyone's support and the fight Tim's family has,  I know they will be up and running once again. I hope Tim rebuilds away from those devilish neighbors.
Man Brother Tim I'm 58 year's old and I am a Man BUT watching this video.  I have just about cried all the way through this video it's so SAD and I'm so Sorry this has happened to You and your Family and your hard workers who work for you.  I said this in your last video GOD has a strange way of bringing us back to Him and back to reality.  Tim You have a Strong Support System your Beautiful Wife and Children your Family and the people who work for you and your Friends who all Care about You and your Family.  Stay Faithful and Strong and You will Conquer and over come this horrible tragedy.  GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND YOUR WORKER'S WHO WORK FOR YOU 💗 🙏 💪....
Gentry&son take all the tools an make them into something else like around the house or out a table  or a chair arms.
You got this Tim.. I lost My parent's House that My Father bought in 1976, I lived there 43 Years. Homeowners Ins replaced the house. And My Personal Property Ins funded My new house  Just like You stated. Pick something up and log it/Photograph it. before tossing in metal Recycle or Dumpster. My 3 sisters and I logged anything recognizable. Just from My stuff I logged almost 3,000 Pictures to Ins.  Mike M...
You know Tim they say when it comes to stupid people you can’t fix stupid but remember a 2 by 4 can num it
✝✝💕💕🙏🙏💕💕✝✝
That is so devastating guys. I hope and pray that you'll be able to come back from this and rebuild stronger. 💪 Never give up!
I just subbed because for some reason it was recommended but my heartfelt condolences man, I can see all the years of grime and grease of intense hard work and can't even phalthom , bright side is you're alive and the lord chooses our lives paths and for some reason this is the one he chose for y'all!  Hey keep ur head up and at least there's a few thousand in scrap metal sigh!
I'm so sorry for your loss my heart goes out to you and your family
Hey Tim, I know this isn't something you want to hear, wife and I went through something like this but I do IT for my business and it went up in flames. What really help and it hurt but Wife made a onlyfans account but blocked her face and did stuff like that. we made an easily 90k in 6months.  I wish yall nothing but the best.
Hard to watch Tim! It’s a major setback but it truly is a setup for a comeback! Rising up from  the Ashes!
Don’t let these stupid people that don’t don’t have the common sense are good lord give to a snake I’m here for you
Look past the haters and people making unfounded claims.
Stay positive guys.
COURAGE, COURAGE  A VOUS  ET VOTRE EQUIPE🇨🇵🤝
sorry to hear about too we have 2 vehicle dealerships that went up in flames days apart from each other too to and apartment building too and dozen homes too before this sick person was arrested too he was an employee he was fired for abusing his wife small town the info was related very fast too he was fired to the abuse he was given to his wife  they found him dead in his cell one morning he was beaten up in jail here too due to what he did to his child back the child had to die because of him too
Man I’m so sorry, I don’t know what to say. I’m sick over it and it doesn’t even affect me. I hope god blesses you and you get through this.
I can’t imagine what you’re going through. Good luck recovering from this and please believe that everything will work out. Stay positive
Many Tears for you Brother and Sister .And very hard to watch .But God has a better plan.and I will once I will again watch you rise  again. ❤️❤️❤️🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Hello, I owed and ran a auto transport trucking company out of the Buffalo ny area, unfortunately I had similar issue happen with shop burning down with trucks, trailers and tools , it took a long while for insurance to nit pick through policy coverage, and such. It took a ruff minute my friend for them to settle. Atleast u have few trucks and equipment left, u will rebuild. It just takes time, hang in there. You will come through, and ignore the ignorance
I went through it Tim, You have to be careful about cleaning up and moving stuff the investigators and the insurance company don't want anything touched until investigations are over. Insurance company can use this video. I used a shipping container for a temporary shop. Stuff you collect over the years something as simple as nuts and bolts is what I missed the most.
i really feel for you guys my dad lost his shop to a fire about 25 years ago he lost every thing in there it wasnt the loss that you have but its still heart breaking to see everything you worked for go up in smoke im sorry for your loss but thank god no one was hurt.
😱Iam so sorry 😞 when the tough get going the going gets tough
Y'all are in our thoughts and prayers!! That's a hard thing to watch but God has a plan for you and your family!! God Bless y'all and keep you safe!! I would send the neighbors who called the EPA a I love you card too🤣🤣!! I love your dad's positivity!! Hug that guy!!
What a crying shame. Got hot enough to take temper out of any hardened metals. Complete loss. I do not know why the good lord let this happen. But you are already seeing the love from friends and watchers, The motorcycle hit your Dad hard. You could see it in his face. Keep a stiff upper lip. With GOD there is always a silver lining. Just wait and see. Do not put your faith in insurance companies. (they are Just man) GOD will make a way.
sorry to hear about the fire. love watching your videos braxton is awesome
Sorry guys bless y'all  good luck
Wow I can’t believe anyone would say it was an insurance scam that’s just ridiculous!!! People don’t understand how hard us truckers and shop owners work the late nights in the shop trying to get our trucks going to get back on the road and provide for our families.  That’s ridiculous!  God is with you guys don’t worry your hard work will keep you afloat.
Man that really sucks , I'm glad nobody was hurt , like u said though everything happens for a reason , y'all will build back bigger better & stronger ,  still hate to see bad stuff happen to good people ,
If you're gonna be letting people help with the clean up, give us a little notice, and ill take the time off of work to come out there and  pull a trailer. I think most of your audience has a truck and is willing to help, and we WANT to help, so give us the chance to do that. I know you don't like to accept help, but we want to. Yall be blessed and keep good spirits. If you put God first in this, you'll get it all back sevenfold. And Brax, im sorry about your stuff buddy. Life ain't fair and hopefully this never happens again to yall. Edit: Someone called the frickin EPA? Thats low.
What was the cause of fire
Our prayers go out to you guys.  God bless all those helping you out.  Stay strong and keep your chin up you will make it through this and be bigger and Bader then ever.🙏🙏🙏🙏
Did u guy found what start the fire
What yr of mustang? And color ? I  know a few people
Sure hate to hear this, don’t wish that on nobody I’ve had a barn fire and lost all my horses, cows, tractors truck horse trailer 10’s of thousands of dollars in horse tack saddles etc. Don’t realize how much you’ve lost until the insurance man shows up and asks you to inventory all the things you lost! Sad sad day. God bless y’all hope it’s a blessing in disguise for your business
Tim your family is strong you all will come thru this hang tight
Your Dads high school story sounds a lot like my dads high story, he would by 2 broke cars and make one and sell it. Sorry for your loss, I help financially a little bit a time till you get what you need to rebuild bigger and better. Fellow West TN Trucker.
I hate to see this, I see things like this a lot. I hope you get the help to get up and going again. Sad to see but cold water and hot metal don’t mix usually bust.😢
Must got some sleazy ass neighbors around there to start shit before the sun even comes up you know
Sad to hear about your loss!! Happy to hear nobody was hurt! Stay safe guys!!
2023 is the year for y’all. Y’all will build back bigger and better than previous years, and it’ll be an awesome ride. I believe the reason why, to everything happens for a reason is, just that.
Lass sie alle YouTube r kommen.  Lass sie helfen.  Lass sie zahlen.  Dann zahlt die Versicherung.  Und dann lass sie wieder kommen zum aufbauen . Alles wird gut. Kopf hoch.   Grüße aus dem Saarland
T' & P's Tim. So sorry for your loss brother. I know how much it all meant to you and i couldn't even imagine how much money you lost in all of that. At least maybe now when you go to rebuild, maybe you could build your new shop up on the other property you recently bought. Since you have to start over anyway, why not do it up there? I can't wait to hear what it was that caused it. I myself being a mechanic, i remember something once about rags catching on fire like that, but who knows. Anyway, good luck and god bless. I hope everything turns out alright for you.
so sorry,,have they figured out the cause
u need a sprinkling system
Fire is Devastating. So Sorry for your Loss.
I don't know what to say with all that happened my wishes are the best for you and your family and everything will work out it's only material stuff okay they had sentimental value but life goes on and new things Will Come ✨✨✨ i only want to say good things now.
My heart hurts for y’all glad nobody was hurt 😢 like you said God has a reason 🙏
Only better days to come my friend
Hard to tell what caused the fire . Any leads? Have a fire marshal investigate the cause or probability of the fire. I would hate to think it would be an electrical fire or coworker negligence… but, please investigate..
Hope you guys get it all sorted quick and rebuild better than ever 🙏❤️
This is just devastating. I couldn’t imagine. Whatever the prospective, guy had a lot or guy had a little, he now has nothing. But I wouldn’t necessarily say that, he has a loving family, some great friends in the YouTube community with resources to help, and a very supportive fan base. Mr Gentry, you’ll be ok, it’s a horrible thing but you’re strong you’ll be ok. Mrs gentry, you’re a wonderful wife and a hell of a team mate. Sending my prayers to your family
You are blessed god as a Big plan for you bro 👌🙏👌🙏
Tim in these hard time stay strong for your children god is with you and youre dad god bless Tim even though you don’t know me and I don’t know you but I’m praying I can only imagine god bless
Your family’s positive attitude about this tragic situation is inspiring. If I had a million dollars to donate I would. Keep on trucking.
Yes it is your blessing you give a man a engine 👌👌👌
Well every kind word that has been left to    you'ns is my comment as well. You have so many to sort through that I will just say my heart bleeds for you guys
Wishing you all there my best wishes from Australia this is so sad to see keep your chin up as they say
Watching this Tim brings back so many memories. I’d say we’re about the same age (I’m 33) when I was 15 my dad lost his shop to a fire. Lost everything just like you. Had to lease a few trucks until he could afford to buy some fixer uppers. We do the same as you find pre emissions trucks and fix them up to new again. Took a long ass time to rebuild I’d say the last five years we’ve grown past where he once was. We took that fire as a learning experience and like you mentioned we do not keep everything under the same roof now. On the same property just different roof lol after he bought some land and rebuilt the shop we got a few 40’ sea cans and spare parts, engines, transmissions, oils, coolants, ext if we don’t need it right away it go’s in a can. Maybe something to consider.   I know you’ll get through this and rebuild everything better then before bud you have an awesome family behind you every step of the way dude !!
Amen brother I say that all the time there's a reason for everything
Man thats hard to watch…😢 my greatest fear at my own business is a reality for you !! You will come through this, just will take some time.
My prayers are with you guys I’m sorry this happened to you hopefully with all the donations and what ever maybe insurance can do you guys can rebuild.
you got insurance so stop begging for money
What sucks is even if insurance pays they will never repay the actual value of what the tools are. My old bosses shop burnt. If he dident have pics and receipts they wouldn't pay.  He needed pics when he bought it and a Pic of receipt and receipt. Noone will really understand how much is really lost hear. No matter how much money you get back it will never ever get back the sentimental value
New shop
Prayers are you and your family gentry love the content on your videos of what's Johnson I was 7th grade middle school grown a lot prayers out for y'all man
Sorry this happend to yall my heart gone out to yall it happend to me I know how you feel just stay possevtive  and keep on going
hope  you can get  donations of tools  so you can repair what you can to be able to service your fleet  and find a shop to use  till you can maybe  put a new shop up in current location. best wishes to the gentry family including staff sorry for ya guys loss  kia kaha  ( be strong) tim  you will over come this bump in the road and will be back better than ever. make up a link to what tools you. need to be able to service your fleet  some fans may even buy a screw driver set etc that gets sent to you
Very emotional. Love comin your way.
When you get a new workshop, keep private projects and company projects separate, preferably in different workshops. Have your own warehouse for parts and equipment. Keep diesel, petrol and gas to yourself in a separate room. Separate place for welding equipment, so the fire brigade knows where the gas bottles are.
You'll be wanting a fire sprinkler system with mist nozzles in your new shop. All mechanic shops that don't have a fire sprinkler system should get one installed. Mist nozzles can be more effective at putting fires out because they fill the space with mist to cool all the air and they do less damage because they don't soak everything with water. This should also lower your insurance costs.
I hope things get better  for y’all sorry that happened
tim i have watched from day one and love what you do so sorry about the shop i want to help but can’t i am disable can’t work  an live off gov so don’t have any money to give only wish.  but god will help i know he helps me   better days to come.
I've learnt to keep my most important tool under my tool box
Well Tim think of it this way as you document the rebuild you can make a little money off the views
Keeping your spirits up.
So sorry for the loses Tim.. our prayers with you ..
God Bless you and your family!!❤❤🙏
Just want to say I'm truly sorry for the devastating loss but thank God nobody was hurt that's the main thing and sending lots of prayers to rebuild bigger better b a d d e r
My son has 2 drs appointment this morning but after that i will be watching this praying for tim and his family and his team awesome people.
God bless. Everything happens for a reason. That reason might never nown but this is God's plan. What comes from this is going to better you.
Tim. My heart is still so heavy for you guys. As bad as it is. It will make you stronger and better. Keep praying and it will come together. I will be up your way in a couple weeks. I going to stop by and will help anyway I can. Good Bless ALL of you. Stay Positive.
My thoughts and prayers are with you at this horrible time. Just pleased nobody was hurt you will get through this and come out the other side. Thinking of you all. Big Dave English trucker !!!
You said the neighbors called the EPA on you. Obviously the neighbors don't like you. I don't know why, you probably make too much noise doing burnouts with your big trucks and your little hot rods and s***
Truck drivers don't quit. We only know how to move forward and make it better. God bless you
I can't imagine that being much less than a million dollars worth of damage. Sorry for your loss.
I had a set of Snap-on ratchets quarter inch 3/8 and 1/2 in Drive flex heads that were left from my father to me when he passed away somebody is stolen them from me out of my toolbox at work a few months ago I only have one of those ratchets left kills me everyday cuz of the cars we put together with those me and him together and now I don't get to put cars together with my son with the same tools that I did with my dad breaks my heart
What started the fire
God bless u tim things will get better u said it urself in the video things happen for a reason I'm sure u will figure ur journey out prayers buddy
I don't have any money but praying for you all
If you have neighbors that hate u that bad to call tor epa during the middle of the night. I’d be looking their direction for answers on why your shop is laying on the ground.
Good luck with everything.
Where is Dan the dog is he OK Bobby Humfleet from Elkhart Indiana
that ~32min mark is very powerful to  watch blessing to  you guys best of  luck  in the rebuild
When my friend had his shop, he stopped using soill dry because it has cancer causing angents in it and asbestos and you do not want to breath that stuff in at all,  so he bought cheap cat litter by the skid load and that worked out great in his shop.  Parys sent your way.
Come on friends, Let’s each of us donate from just a $1 to $10 (or whatever you can afford) on the go fund me.. I’m sure if you were stuck at a gas station, and needed to borrow $5to get home, Tim and family would probably fill your tank.. I know Tim and family will be ok, im just thinking of all the families they employ.. I’m a nobody, but I have so much respect for the things Tim has done “on and off camera” Us truckers are a big family, let’s help one of our own.. Peace and Respect from Ireland 🇮🇪🦅🇺🇸🚛💨
Tim, so sorry for your loss. I believe God has a plan for us all and everything happens for a reason, good and bad. Keep your faith, be strong for your family and you'll recover, stronger than before. It won't be easy, but if you keep positive and moving forward, you'll persevere. I understand the pain you feel losing tools that your dad and grandpa gave you. Like you, I worked with my dad for many years. He gave me some of his and his dad's tools over the years, but he had lots more at his house. When he passed away in 2012 he left me all the tools, but before I could retrieve them, my (insert cuss word) sister gave them all away! I was so pissed I still am mad at her to this day. However I came to learn it's the memories that are important and no one or anything can take those away. May God Bless you and your family!
I wish I was able to help you out Tim,  there is a shirt I would like to get that is on your website and the picture is of ruster where there are the road lines and flames coming out of the stacks and it is of a night picture,  but I can not find it on your website.  But right now I can not afford to pay to even get my truck fixed so it can pass inspection at all.
i just found your page i actually went to high school with y’all and am from monroe county i’m so sorry to hear this and if u need anything any help at all lmk god bless
This is why keeping receipts for everything you buy is important
I’m truly sorry to see what has happened to you and your family’s business. This is a terrible thing that has occurred and I couldn’t even Fathom your dilemma. This is a heartbreaking thing after all of the hard work and sweat slinging that you all have done to build this!!! I’ll keep you in my prayers 🙏🙏🙏 because this is devastating but you are all still alive to embrace each other!! I can’t believe that people have actually accused you guy’s of deliberately doing something like this!!! Please don’t let them break your spirit with their negativity.
Go thru it 1 item at a time. Take a photo of it, log it's description and approximate value, and throw it in the scrap truck.
This breaks my heart! Prayers for you & your family. You will be back up & running, but If yall had a decent fire system, you could of saved some of the stuff. Next time, you ave the money or not, invest in a great fire system even one that'll notify you through an app! Fire proof the shit out of everything too!
Sorry for lose there. All you can do is keep moving forward. What about that motorhome was it there?
Sorry to see that all what from what your old man started from you can replace everything but the soul of that old shed 😕 could it have been batteries on charge ?
Man Tim I don’t know how you and your dad are keeping it together it’s hard to watch this brother.
This is really sad to see, I know at my work all the sales reps and heads of Milwaukee tools is staying at where I work at right now at the resort.
I'm so sorry tim God bless you an your family God speed we love you brother
That was definitely one hell of a hot fire,, when I seen that engine block busted from it
Greetings From The UK - "OUT OF SEVERETY - COMES STRENGTH "  Best Wolfie
It may be a set back , but someone is testing you. Stare it in the face and tell it not today 💪
What was the cause of the fire?
I hope to see a sprinkler system in the next shop! So sad to see everything just gone.....
I’m laying money on battery pack charging stations. I’ve had a few friends that lost their buildings from the chargers shorting out.
🙏Prayers🙏Coming🙏@🙏You❤All!
Make sure you've cleared it with the investigators before getting much out. Idk exactly how that works but I can imagine someone forgetting to say they've got to do their job before you move things, and that causing a technicality of no payout. Insurance can be ruthless. I'm so sorry this happened to y'all. My prayers are with you.
Got to love Brax 🤣 that boy is the only thing that made me smile in this whole video, stay strong Gentry family
Tim I've used lots of different hand tools like wrenches and sockets and any other solid steel type hand tools that have been in really hot fires before and most of the time,, I never had trouble with most any of it, for the most part but hopefully you can salvage a lot of your hand types of tools
I GUARANTEE none of the folks saying this is fraud would say it to yalls face. This to shall pass! Just hang in there and keep on keepin on
This happens a lot around me small businesses and mystery fires
Sending prayers 🙏🏼
It is sad to hear that there’s people saying this is a scam, when this was clearly a real tragedy for your business and family. Stay strong brother and God bless you and your family!
Now you guys are good people strong hard-working and I guarantee you will be back again rebuilt and ready to go again and bigger and better good luck to him
Tim I'm sorry you all have went through this fire over the weekend but I'll tell you that was one rude prick in that car at the beginning of the video when you were guiding the truck backing out into the road with the boats on it. I mean somebody comes up and sees what you're doing and then starts blowing the horn like that,, have no decency or a minutes worth of patience whatsoever
Sending prayers for your family and employees and your business.  I feel for you all.  Many years ago my late husband and I had a 2 truck business and we were called in middle of the night and informed our trucks had been stolen.  We went to where our trucks were kept and yes they were gone. We started searching and found pieces at chop shops.  My late husband had to go back to driving otr driving for another company.  Since I lost him to cancer. I Since remarried but I will never forget the man who tried to always help any and everyone he could.  MAY God bless you all!
What sorry neighbors you got I'm sorry man that is ludacris
I am so so so so so sorry this is so hard to watch I could watch an execution 100 times and I couldn't even watch this video twice prayers from Canada may the good Lord turn this hell around 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💪💪💪💪💪💪♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
Begging for money when you have insurance is pathetic deal with it like the rest of us do that have been through fires and even worse wildfires losing our homes and everything I own...suck it up and move forward
Damn sorry about your loss man but keep your faith in God and he will rebuild you back and much better and stronger you have the faith in God and believe and trust in him.👍🏾💙💪🏾
💯✌️❤️🙏2u@yours gentry family  Onwards and upwards from here ✝️💪
Tim we all know that you will bring it back big and better than it was bro we all know that you will do it brother my heart goes out to you and your family and your work bro, God bless yall and please excuse my French but fxck the people that is saying shxt about you doing it for the money we all know that's a lot of  BS bro just try and keep your chin up and keep looking forward bro you know that you have a big YouTube followers that what nothing but the best for you and your family and friends and works brother so all I can say is get up and start pushing forward bro
So sorry to see all that.😢 Im praying for you. Best regards from Sweden.🙏
Very sad to see.wishing you all the best for the recovery..Keep on going.
Stop begging
Sending prayers to you and all your family and employees.  Remember God will make a way!!  Stay strong and keep your head up.
Your right it's really hard but stay strong and hang in there and give it all to God while you hold your head up and move on when you can my prayers go out to y'all
Sorry for your loss but i know its a mess but look at it this way all the scrap  you well make some money back you can re build
I feel so bad for y’all . I truly wish I could donate something but unfortunately at this time I’m the only one working in my household . Plus we are paying for the education of both of our sons . My heart goes out to y’all  . I will keep y’all in our prayers 🙏🏾
I hope some billing company can help out and get you going, I'm shore the YouTube people will give tools to help , good luck
I'm curious as to what started the fire...🙏🙏🙏 for G&S Trucking!
I feel your pain, my father owned a saw mill ( not a portable mill ) and it burnt to the ground 1 night and what a mess. Took time and some help but he rebuilt.  Its hard to go threw all of the burnt stuff but its got to be done. Keep your chins up and just keep moving forward its all U can do. God Bless
Looks really really painful... All the help and support restores some faith in humanity. If nothing else this will be a great point to start things new, cleaner and better and maybe in the meantime get some better neighbors.
So sad .
Hang in there its just stuff. Time will replace all and it will be twice as precious next time.
Those scam comments must be coming from kids, you never get compensated to the real value of your possessions, insurance do everything they can to not pay.
You need to rebuild and build it better than ever were all here behind you as long as we keep watching and liking the content if we were closer I wold come help you sort it out and clean up just feel sorry for you
once everything gets figured out insurance wise, its time to just build the shop on your property.
It was so sad to watch that fire , so happy you’re safe. Just keep the faith and know when God closes one door, he opens another one. Prayers to you and your family.
I thought they were in the process of building a new shop and office?? I understand it takes time and they need somewhere to work until its ready to move into.....
Timmy, I sent you a text letting you know I'd come and help with whatever. I know you all are going through alot rite now. When the time comes for clean up and rebuild, plz call or text me or my mom/dad(chuck and tina). I'm here for ya bud! Yall are in my prayers!
Yeah no way this is an insurance scam lmao i know how much a shop can mean to someone my great grandfather started our shop it means more to me than money if i lost that building id be in tears for the rest of my life thinking about losing all that family history...
I really hope a tool company reaches out and sponsors gentry with a complete rigout!! That would be nice❤️
I really hope this was an accident....if  some hater did this may they rot in hell
Crazy how the aluminium disappears on an engine after a fire!!! I had a new rangerover and it caught fire, when we looked under the bonnet there was just a pile of cogs the cams and crank on the floor
Can't believe how positive you are keep looking forward and hopefully you can recover quickly. All the best for the future  I thought you might be able to save some of the motor's but after seeing the crack in rooster's block I would take everything to the scrap yard. I doubt the frames are any use from the trucks because of the heat .
Had major burns injury few years ago took the burns myself too save a workshop still in pain and have ptsd from it this was hard watch hope you bounce back and quickly!
How in the heck did them tires that yall were standing beside of survive that's crazy
Hi guys I hope you do get the business back on track it is really sad to see it like that
Sorry to see what has happened your insurance company will take the time in replace about half of it's all the little small tools that you've made or had to Modify that you'll be missing and then it's everything else that you could go to put your hands on and can't find so sorry keep up the goodwill if nothing else
Anything that was heat treated is now heat untreated. As for the cracked block. if there was enough heat to crack a block like that, there probably are not any blocks or heads that are not warped. I wish you the best Tim.
Fires and tornados really wipe people out. It’s so sad to see.
Minor Setback for a Major Comeback. You will come back and be able to salvage more than you think. 25 years? Here's to another 25 more. Keep it pushing. 30:20 Diamonds in the rough will continue to appear
It's painfull to listen to your dad talking about back in the day, it's killing him inside he's just a strong man not showing he's pain
I got a set of cutting torches you could have them and I will donate them to you. I live in Macon Georgia. My doctor will not let me drive up that far. Because I have no hip in my left side. I hate to say it but if you want them, you’d have to drive down to Macon and I could meet you at the storage unit where they’re at.
Was ya black and maroon c16 for ya pete in the fire
Y'all still in My prayers
Praying for you  Big Dogg 🙏🏿🙏🏿🙏🏿
"And this to shall pass"
WOW!! I'm so sorry Tim/dad a life time of tools cars and trucks all gone in the blink of an eye I pray you come out on top from this x
Hi ya not sure what to say apart from I'm so sorry for all that you are going through .me and my family wish all the best riv  👊👍
So sorry be careful on saving tools, with all the heat they may become very brittle and hurt someone.
We are all here for you guys. That is one of my biggest fears is a fire and losing everything, and wouldn't wish It on anyone. F@#k the haters, Keep pushing threw💪 love and respect from VT
I’m so sorry to see what has happened to you guys. As a former Firefighter/Paramedic I’ve seen this way to many times and it’s always heartbreaking to watch a family lose almost everything. We can just be thankful that you still have each other.   The EPA - that’s the problem; as American citizens our government should work for us and we the citizens shouldn’t have any reason to fear our government or one of our government organizations. Our founding forefathers would be completely ashamed of our government and the current state of our country and as an American citizen I’m ashamed of that yet I still love my country and feel that we can get back to what we once were. No one can say that it was a different time and our forefathers didn’t know what the future would look like and I’m sorry to say they knew about innovation and change.
Bud sorry for what was lost and some of the things that cannot be replaced but always remember there is two things that no fire can take from you, that is God Love and your Name.
God almighty I hope you get paid out from your insurance.  That's 200,000 in tools and boxes alone
We love you guys and are here for you. Much love. Keep us posted, and let us know if there is anything we can do
Thanks for the update, praying for a bigger and better outcome🙏
Oh dang sorry man you got this man you can rebuild you got this love your channel keep going strong
Time to rebuild back bigger and better praying for you guys 👍🏾
So what started the fire?
I wish I lived closer to you guys I’d come help with the clean up I live in Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 my heart’s breaking for you all ❤
I’m terribly sorry for your loss but did they ever say what the cause was of the fire
The motors are not done a few new parts on them and they will be good to go some new paint and they will look brand new if a fire can stop them there there is something wrong there all new seals and other stuff and the insides should be fine
What about Braxton's international is it safe
who's been making bad comments? some people... 🙄 have no respect.
Notice the cross standing at 23:32...
Seeing dads face after looking at his bike you can tell it was killing him. I hope God will pay you back 7 fold for all the good you've done for others
I hope you will rise like Phoenix from this🙏
Little brother needs to go to that school you're talking about or go to Hollywood
I am so sorry for you your family and your employees, I was so sickened to see the destruction of your lives and things that are so close to your heart, I know it will take a lot of time and money to get back to where you were before the fire and our prayers from here in Australia to you and yours to Ashley and your Dad and Braxton, just a quick look as you pass through the shop I can see many hundreds of thousands of dollars if not a million. I'm a pensioner and I get my pension on Wednesday I can only afford US$10 but it will be in the go fund me. If it's still going in March will be able to give a bit more. Stay strong and trust that the lord has something planned we just don't know when. Just a hint as you take stuff out write it down on a list, and take photos for the insurance company but don't throw anything away if the insurance company queries anything you can say there it is.
I'm so sorry for your loss!
Little brothers got two strikes in his favor
Timmy stay away from the Mustangs  Timmy
It’s just a car Deven. Your faith is all that’s really important. Everything else can either be replaced or you never really needed it anyway. Anyone who would cry over a something as simple as a possession over a life that lives is a fool.
To the family and employees,  sorry that this has happened to yall! Thoughts and prayers for a quick turnaround! Hope you find a shop to rent or purchase?   Hoping the insurance covers your loss, engines, trans, all the parts that you have collected over the years, most sorry for the truck losses, and then there is the TOOLS 🔧 😢,  LEGACY TOOLS. The hundreds of thousands of $ in specialty tools. ✌🏻🧡👍⚠️🤔💧💙 ❄️ 🇨🇦 ☃️.
TAKE PICTURES OF EVERYTHING, TO PROVE YOUR CASE.
So sad for your loss.
Prayers for y’all.
When your son said all my hard work burnt to the ground. Made me smile with the family you have you'll come back better than ever. Good thoughts and prayers.  As a fireman with 30 yrs. Fire sprinklers
Bless you and your entire family not to mention everyone involved with you all. To all the supporters your all just Fantastic.
Man, so sorry. I heard about your business. Sucks bad. 🙏 I saw you the night during the in sweetwater. I ask you a question about local driving. Very nice man and a beautiful truck. Stay 💪
I hope you never lose hope brother in the darkest of time light always finds a way in. PFI and this brake my heart but being a Ex truck driver this is devastating to see all those pretty tucks gone.  you will rebuild. and the fans we will try best to help out if we can.
This is your forced expansion and new memories . Lol .. for all that happens to you God is their for you . Peace out brother
All the best from Australia 🇦🇺 mate hope you build it bigger and better
God bless you're family Tim.but friend take this from your loss.look at the value in life experience young Braxton gets to learn he looks at you for strength love and all the wonderful things he is learning right now about life will make him an extention of yourself even better ❤️ 😊 stay strong brother
SO SAD, MAY THE WIND BE WITH YOU.✌✌✌🙏🙏🙏
Very difficult to watch. I’ve been a fan from day one. Definitely one of my favorite YouTube channels that I follow and enjoy.  My prayers go out to you and your family and all the guys.
i know you want to but don't mess with anything until the insurance clears you. From a retired firefighter
You two love each other that's all you need 👍♥️
this is heartbreaking im so so sorry guys :(
Fire is one of my biggest fears.  Especially living in a fire prone area of N. California and living in double wide.  All it can take is that one perfect spark or wire in the wall get to hot and EVERY thing gone.  My dream has been to put a sprinkler system in this place but never will have the money.   I suffer from panic attacks and such and this had the tears flowing.  All it takes is a pile of rags and this happens.  At least he has a good kid there to get him through this.
You folks need to not donate. If you want to truly help people look to those that are really struggling. If any other person had lost their business like this there would be staff at their houses Still working. They would be keeping the money rolling and working on rebuilding. Not making sure you video while your building goes up in flames.  They got a call their business was on fire and their first thought was to get the video equipment to film it, didn't even try and rescue anything....Come on now this guys the biggest Snake. He tried to get another location for his shop and was outbid...so now surprise his business goes up in flames with vehicles in it...and he's begging you for 250,000 dollars on top of the fact insurance will pretty much pay him more then all the junk he had in that shop because his equipment is all trash. Used to find this channel amusing but the more you watch the more laws you see him break with his son underage driving on main streets in a semi and tractors. To the shady dealings he does where suddenly he has 4 new trucks but the week before he was "been honest with viewers" about how hard their lives are and their really struggling financially with the economy and gas prices etc etc, begging for merch sales.  Truly appalling behaviour and I'm shocked that so many are taken in by this scam.
Sorry for your lost you have tremendous family and your faith will see you though. I can the memories  in your Dad eyes when you talks about how the shop started, but you will be back better and stronger than before.  🙏🏾
sounds like the neighbors have a vendetta,,sneaky people,,do,,sneaky things..
I'm so sorry Tim if you need anyone to come help you please let me know and I'll be down there and
You can see the despair in Tim’s eyes as he talks about the shop. And I bet braxton is itching to fire up he dozer and start cleaning up the mess
Tim ,  Just be grateful no one got hurt.
Sucks about shop, hopefully all is covered.... but damn tell that girl to stop pumping those lips....Jesus looks like she had an allergic reaction
Not to sound harsh but when you rebuild a fire suppression system should be installed especially when you work with flammable material. Hope you and family get through this and wish you luck in the rebuild.✌️☮️
There are no words to tell you how I feel watching you and your family having to go through this.  I'm so sorry and God will bless you and your family...
I can't imagine how much of a nightmare that is gonna be to inventory but you guys will pull through keep y'alls heads up glad brax got his dozer running again
Dam that broke my heart when you're Dad seen his motorbike.
Prayers are with you brother ik you will build back better
could I suggest going back through some of your older videos to make a list of equipment (take screenshots) and it would also be proof you had it for your insurance. Heartbreaking to see all your work wrecked. Best wishes from Oz
Je suis désolé pour vous je suis de tout coeur avec vous
Don't look @ the bad  ALL  you lost  was material  N O  one was hurt or worse  lost life
DONT WORRY ABOUT PAYING BACKRIGHT AWAY
One of the most important thing that will come out of this is contacts. I looked up tax right offs but see rule changes. I would get a good tax accountant involved. Paint area should always be sepererated. Local learned that hard way. I feel your loss but it is what it is. But have requests for the new shop. Pool table/domino table/card table and a shower. Some old Smokey butter pecan(tennessee made) fridge when I blow through. I come from a wealthy family on both sides. Can’t tell you how many times it was almost all lost. Every time something great came out of it. But you can’t let it beat you. Don’t be afraid of that road.  Get your boy Big Mutha truckers 2. Let the party begin. I’ve seen guys slip seat teams. Time to burn that road up and make contacts.  USA wasn’t supposed to happen. Meaning it takes a wing and a prayer sometimes. God Bless
There is no God.
Like the man says, "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade!"  You still have skills, each other, and a whole bunch of experience.  Look ahead and keep on believing.   God bless  you all.
❤
Man I’m at a loss for words I’m so sorry god bless you guys and ik you will build back better and stronger but I understand the pain of losing things u can’t replace
Well shit happens you will make it back just keep on keeping on 10/4.
Hope that Heavy D has touched base. He is a great resource and a great guy. Cheers and Godspeed Tim.
Wow I’m so sorry dude Prayers your way 🙏😭👊
Tim all my prayers and best wishes to you and your family and all your worker and drives l know all of you will put your heads together and get things up and running give your dad a big hug l could see he was just holding it together the tears  were nearly running down his face all the memory's you have lost if l could l be over there helping doing something best wishes  and all my prayers to you lover you all
I'm sorry what happened to you guys. I wish I was in better health I'd be happy to help you out.
That was hard to watch, very hard.   The one thing that stood out for me is Brax looking at the Bike, I got the impression that he thinks can fix it.  I am no expert, but if  all  you can restore that bike it would be a huge boost.    A lot of the  internals on those engines might be still good.   Engine are designed withstand a lot of heat especially the internals  like the pistons.
Sorry folks.  Yes your dad said it memories,  sentimental thoughts.  Just things that. Yes things that had value.   Insurance Company can drag feet for quite awhile. Or could offer you partial on operating trucks lost. That least get you tools large tent to get out of weather a bit .   Yes folks be throwing hate your way.  Forget them.   You got a business run it.  You had talked of moving shop now no reason not to.  Except to be stubborn.  Hopefully Insurance knew you warehoused parts for your trucks and others.   I do hope you all did raise value of equipment insured, even old gliders worth more these days.    Wishing you all the best
Thank God you didnt get that door open and got hurt or caught in there, tools can be replaced stay positive we all loved your positive support of others
All the best to you and your family. Thank God no one was injured. One chapter closes another opens. Hopefully a blessing in disguise for bigger, better and brighter things.
My heart goes out to all of you. Believe in GOD and everything he does is for a reason. Like people have been saying you will build it it back it will be bigger and better. If anyone can do it its the Gentry family. When you get feel down and out just think how you will make it better. The Phoenix will rise from the fire. "GOD BLESS YOU AND WHOLE FAMILY"
A Tim you got my support I am out here in Cali let me know what I can do for you
It is unbelievable the total devastation. It was nice seeing Braxton’s positive spin and optimism. You have the family support along with your local friends and the YouTube community. Keep positive and keep moving forward
Nice to see Braxton in good spirits with everything going on
What happened with roaster engine?
After the adjusters go through everything and you all agree, go in and salvage what you can/want because the demo crew will trash every single thing.
Thats a big loss guys. I hope you can get it all fuigerd out. I know how it is myself as i got a run of bad luck has shut me down till i get my ducks in a row. The thing that sux is the wages lost as im missing a good season in the woods this winter. Take care guys and gals. Thankfully nobody was hurt.
😮😧😟😥
Remember you saying something big is about to happen. You were right. Just hope you don’t get caught up with fraud charges and stuff.
Y'all if I hit the lottery I'll be on a plane to come help rebuild your business. Til then I did what little I could on your GoFundMe. I found it on Facebook. Don't pay it back, just keep paying it forward like y'all always do!! Your neighbor.....may the fleas of 1000 camels infest their crotch and may their arms be too short to scratch! That's just low!! Talk about kickin a guy when he's down! It just breaks my heart seeing such bad stuff happen to such genuinely good people like y'all! It's just not right! So many people have this kind of stuff coming but never see it! It's just not right! My heart, thoughts, meditation and prayers go out to y'all! Peace be with you. And Brax!! You rock buddy!! Way to keep that smile and toss a little light on such a dark situation!!! Good man!!!!
Where is Johnny cash parts at and sorry for the last of your family shop
Hang on there Tim.god is on your side .god and the angels.are looking and helping you with all your fans .people loved your family.and your business.prayers from my family .to your  family  Bracs.has a positive.attude but is looking in the Future.his kids and the whole family is going to look back and say wow I remember that night .love you all and god bless.
Praying for you and your entire family. Just pray about it.
Oh jeh.. Alles zerstört.. Ich hoffe es ist niemand was passiert.. Das wird hart.. Da verschlägt es einem die Sprache. Es tut mir sehr leid.. Viel Kraft und Gottes Segen..
Praying for you guys.
PRAYER'S 🙏🙏🙏 FOR TIM AND HIS FAMILY EVERYONE HIT THAT LIKE SHARE AND SUBSCRIBE
I once had an office fire,, burnt well but nowhere near like this. Filing cabinets were burnt but saved most of what was in them,, in the desk everything was gone. The fire extinguisher on the wall went off and saved most of the sales office. I have seen many factory/ wharehouse fires. Never seen a block craked however. Alloy wheels turned to puddles etc yes Bad luck, I hope your insurer is good. Even the simply getting  a new building built, getting out to replace all your tools and equipment is at least 3 months,, probably 6!
Sorry for the loss of your shop and the memories.
PRAYER'S 🙏🙏🙏🙏 FOR YOU AND YOUR FAMILY TIM AND ALL THE HATTERS NEED TO GET OFF THIS CHAÑNEL YOU ALL ARE A BUNCH OF LAMES SAYING INSURANCE FRAUD EXC GET THE $$$$ OUT OF HERE IF YOU DONT HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY GET OFF THIS U TUBE CHANNEL
Sorry about your shop burning down but like you said you got to take something bad and make it good rebuild it once you settle up with your insurance company rebuild a nicer shop there it's a nice location maybe build a little bit bigger shop I know you're building a new one now but in the spot where the one burned down build a bigger shop longer wider higher clearance build a real nice shop there your insurance is going to settle with you I believe you're the type of person that will do it
I’m sorry this happened I’m glad you guys are keeping your guys heads up
As a firefighter that fire got hot it cracked that cat block  you may or may not salvage much.but sorry for your loss.
Dear Mr. Gentry God reason is that your not in the true church!! Remember what I told you about 2,-1.5 weeks around Christmas? Well my condolences about the fire.
Cat litter works decent as oil dry in a pinch….
Praying for you all. This is hard to watch.
THAT FIRE HAD TO BE OVER 2500 DEGREES F FOR STELL TO MELT.
I love you guys, but one thing I think you did wrong was you should never store vehicles (that are not being worked on) in a workshop. This is a major error a lot of shop owners make, and sadly when things go wrong in a workshop, owners sadly lose the lot. In the future, please have a separate place to store vehicles like your brothers Mustang, and trucks. You will get through this. Love Jack
Mr. Gentry and Family,  Very sorry about the shop fire, You and  your family are good god fearing people and I have enjoyed watching You and Braxton work on truck while running your business. As a aspiring O/O myself, your videos have given me a whole new understanding of the business, I must say Thanks. The old freightliners as well as the cabovers ,both of which I had the opportunity to drive  for sometime. I know that all of You are still in shock over this fire but, I have personally  seen how kind and generous You are  to many people as well as drivers. Just like the other people in your town, I too will donate to You because I know You are not one to ask for help( just like myself ) but, sometimes we all need somebody to lean ON. Keep up your great work and while some people don't understand your business moves, I do and feel that they are usually brilliant. Mr. Gentry and Ashley are very smart people and I  am sure that even with this set back You and family  are set up for major success. God Bless.
On a positive note i am sure you will rebuild and start fresh. New shiney workshop and tools will build a new legacy
I was going to stop by yesterday on my run from North Carolina southern loop heading up to Iowa. I buzzed by Knoxville, TN later mid evening heading North to Cincinnati,  OH. I figured the fire inspector and insurance company wouldn't let a person help move anything much. I am glad Brax got his little dozer running. So I am going send ya some donations as a friendly trucker. Help another time Tim. I wish the best to you, family and friends. Take care Tim and family.
Don't Ever Give Up. Your Family Is There And All Of Them Are Behind You. Your Dad, Your Son and Your Wife. Man you have the right attitude,  so take what is there, your business and the knowledge you have, build back strong than before. I'm absolutely sure that everyone who follows you will continue to support you and pray for you. Keep Gentry And Sons Strong.
That was tough to watch you guys go through the shop. God bless the Gentry Family🙏
Am wondering looking at your video, if the fire might not have started in your battery tool area. That area looks COOKED and high power battery tools like to burn! Extremely sad for all you blokes affected by this tragedy!
Sorry for your loss. Thank God you're all safe .
I’m so sorry mate it’s the things you can’t replace that’s the hardest.
On what you showed is really devastating but you have prayers in the Pacific Northwest
I so sorry for your business shop and I will say a big prayer for you
Love Tim's attitude.  I suspect that someday,  after the new shop is up an running in whatever form it might take,  Tim will sit back and say, "Wow, I am glad we are here. Thank you, Lord."  Cheers from Texas.
Tim we are praying for your family and your employees 🙏 you guys just let God lead the path and everything with work out .
Tim been following you from day you got Air Force. I love what you do and your inspiration. You going come back bigger then ever.
🙏🏽💪🏾🙏🏽
Make sure you start making your list of EVERYTHING that was in there
"You can't lay down"....Bless you, your family and all affected. From the ashes you will rise stronger. Material things as hard as they are to lose are just that material. Hold on to the memories and grind through the next few months and years. You shall overcome
The type of dad you are to your son through such an unmanageable tragedy is amazing. Having him walk through with you was powerful. Your son watching and helping you rebuild stronger, better and bigger will make such an unbelievable impression on him. Remember to process the pain of the hurt and loss, us big tough guys don't like to do that, but it is need. Use it as fuel to come back stronger then ever.  You and your family are amazing and your community is behind you. P.s the neighbors that called the EPA on you before the fire was even fully out, well there is a special place for them and karma is not pretty.
I'm so so sorry Tim!!!!!🙏🙏🙏
Yall need to get temporary armed security and a tall fence. So that stuff doesn't end up walking off, weather it's trash or not you're not getting it covered by insurance if its stolen. I wish I was physically able and financially able to help, this hurts my heart so much.
Hopefully it’s not an arsonist type situation
Tim it’s hard to watch pal praying for y’all I can’t imagine
Keep a notebook with you at all times so you can write down what you will remember was destroyed .  Even though there are tools that look okay doesn't mean they are safe , replace them .
Hey what’s up fam how y’all doing much love ima keep y’all in my prayers ima pray for y’all
Seeing this brings tears to my eyes. I can only imagine the pain you are feeling  Tim gentry. May God bless you in rebuilding. We are with you. I'm a trucker myself. Just so you know. I donated what I could. It wasn't much but I did what I could. I'll be ordering merch in the near future to help even more. Keep your head up brother.
Sorry for the situation but the amount of heat that went through that shop I wouldn't trust anything to try and reuse
No one was injured , that's the most important thing . Praying for y'all and stay STRONG  .
Prayers to you and your family,keep going forward  it'll be a long hard road but good people are in this with you👍😉
I really hope companies like boxo or other tool  companies reach to Tim and family to help him out he’s a real American. This world is to full of sissy boys and libtards.
Was the orange and white show truck you just got lost also? The first video I watched! I hope that insurance is good to ya!
This is heartbreaking to watch this and it literally makes my stomach upset.
save the copper
Been watching yall since day one this hurts to see
Sorry for the major loss and set backs Tim, thank God nobody was injured in the incident. This has always been a nightmare of mine. Wish you luck and our prayers in the rebuilding of your empire!
You could get your money back with all that scrap metal.
I've never watched yalls content before, but im sick for you, man.  Praying for yall. Keep your head up and take it one day at a time.
I love y’all brother and this is sad and something is coming to y’all big
The heat probably warped all of those metal tool boxes.No telling how much it would cost to replace all those tools.
Something just don't seem right with this. The people Giving money sure do have a lot more than me and I hope a lot more than you with a successful business can even self ensure his new 60k truck to let his kid drive it around lol
Do we have a start point of the fire,I am a conspiracy theorist and feel it was deliberate and aim my views to the greenies,check all the cameras you can find for the area.
The sentimental stuff tears me up ik you guys got this you will figure it out but all the sentimental value you guys cant replace nearly makes me cry keep strong and take your time we will be patient and show support you guys are awesome love braxtons positivety incredible love you all
Words can not express I know what your dad was saying!
May not read this comment but the good Lord says everything happens for a reason God bless you and your family and I wish you well
This man's worked hard for everything he's got and people out there saying he burned his place down for insurance money and all this stuff and then call an EPA on him and everything you know they are just a bunch of scumbags I hope God punishes them one day for their thoughts and crap that they say
ignore the rude comments
Sorry for your loss guys, I feel for you all. Your whole family is truly heart breaking. Have you thought of build a temp shed out of 40 foot containers and a skillen roof, back wall and lock up front doors. Tools etc stored in containers and work on your fleet in the middle. Put it out on your farm block. Might save on rent while trying to rebuild.
I pray god will bless with new building  and bigger yard bless name Jesus
sorry yall.   loved your dads stories though.  keep em memories alive forever.  i wish i had recorded all my dads stories over the years.
I’m sorry man it could have been worse
Sorry to see this
Who ever said insurance scam please take yourself and do 20 yrs in fire service then tell me it takes time state fire Marshall will come out and will investigate on cause on it
I'm a grown as man and watching this brings tears to my eyes. I can't imagine what your family is going through Tim. There's so many things lost that are simply irreplaceable, but I hope the insurance & help from all of us is enough to at least get you and your family back on their feet to rebuild something great.
Thoughts and prayers are going out to you. The breaks my heart to see to honest people work so hard and lose everything, I wish I was at a point in my life where I could help,, I'll continue to pray and hope for the best for the both of you. Keep your chin up, you'll get through this
This has to be the saddest thing on YouTube Iv seen. Your such a great hardworking and good person and caring boss.I sure hope you can overcome this.
Wow i really feel for you guys...that is hard enough to watch let alone ...   We can only ask God to make his plans be known to us ,for what he wants... give God the glory ..🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼 and thank God no one was hurt and all can be replaced. Up from the ashes the Phoenix rose and all that. 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼  you know what doesn't kill us only makes us stronger. 💪  i know those are only words ,and i know the feeling of loosening material possessions and thinking ill never ever recover from  and then God laying what i need the get back on his track and showing me all i need is too look  upon him. God bless you Tim your family and friends...you will rise up.🙏🏼
Really sorry to hear and see that happened tim I really wish I could help you guys out. Where I work at hobby truck in Brazil indiana had this happen to and no one was hurt fisicly but the same emotions were what they went through.  But they built back a better shop but still haven't gotten all the tools back to where they were before.  But I definitely have faith that you guys will overcome this and build everything you wanted in the shop and you guys are more positive about it than I think I would be able to be but it is better to be positive than not .
I would maybe wear a face mask in their guy's, that fire ash dust is poison
Horrific Tim. Please take care looking around the damage. There are lots of poisonous residues after a fire.  Wear gloves and masks. Your memories will always be there.
I’m really sorry I know how it’s feels
The yellow cab over is gone you got to replace the yellow cab over that was the  gentry mom truck  I feel sorry for you Tim and your family
What about the black and blue cabover
As a firefighter it hurts to see stuff like this and I'm sure happy that everyone is safe but things will get better
So sad guys. As devastating as it is at least none of you lost your lives in this tragedy.  Your family is strong and you will come back from this bigger and better.  If you decide to rebuild then take a look at steel framing.  It's all the norm in the automotive industry globally.  Sending you all much love and many blessings 💞🧚‍♀️
Brother Im trying to see the light in this. I feel like this is the Gentry and Sons Phoenix Rising. From the ashes will be a bigger better stronger Gentry family business. Take your time and think about your moves carefully. I see you in a new shop next year talking about what a blessing this fire turned out to be. Let Brax have a huge say in this so as he grows he knows ALL of the business like the back of his hand. Prayers for you and the family.
Prayers
Sending prayers
God bless you guys. Your a great example for your son to show him how to handle things like a man and to work your way back up. I pray everything works out for you guys
Maybe you could make a bunch of videos putting together fire damaged parts and showing how they fail
Absolutely heart-breaking to see mate.
Hopefully everyone can overcome this and have faith and move on
Tim I give you so much credit for sharing this. I loved that yellow cabover this sucks so much!! I literally had so much anxiety watching this it made me physically ill the first video of yours I didn’t even get halfway through. Good Lord all I can say is continued prayers and love for you and your family we all are right there with you and don’t ever be afraid to reach out in your videos and say hey I need help this is your time to receive put humility aside it’s time for humanity, I realize everyone is saying it’s just stuff at least nobody got hurt but us truckers get so attached to trucks they are like family, because they are our suit of armor we put on everyday to feed our families and others families I totally get it, keep your chin up, nothing can keep GNS down!!!
Damn Tim, I know how you feel. I had an auto repair and body shop back in the early 80's and my shop caught fire and I lost everything, a customer car, all my tools, jacks, tires, auto parts, batteries etc. I was lucky to get my trucks out before they were toast. But I must say mine was no compassion to what you lost. I am so sorry for you and Dad and your entire family, and crew. This really sucks! What a way to start the new year. I had insurance, but the ins. company wanted receipts for everything. I told them who has receipts for everything they own. The also wanted to know how old the tools and equipment was. I was told by another business owner to hire a private ins. adjuster, and that's what I did because I did not know how to deal with the insurance company, because they knew I was desperate. Tim keep your head up, you will bounce back, it's going to take time, but I know you will be ok. I hope your insurance company don't drag their feet and don't jerk you around. GOD BLESS!
It was painful to watch and your father's pain was evident all I can say is upwards and onwards and I hope yous all the best your a good family and that includes everyone drivers fitters the lot I no you will get through this and I'm sure il be watching you on you tube for a long time yet youl all get this together soon if your good it allways comes back 👍.
I hope everything works out.  If you guys rebuild, rebuild with brick and get a fire sprinkler system. Sorry for your lost, the tools part got to me. I'm a retired diesel mechanic and I have tools for my dad, and both grandfathers that I used everyday and still have them.
I have only one comment! THANK THE LORD THAT NOBODY WAS HURT!! I myself have gone through a house fire and lost a lot of things. Also almost lost my youngest stepson/ We did loose our family dog. Do what you can today because yesterday is gone and tomorrow is a promise. Give all of you family and friends a big hug and cry a little and laugh a lot. How does one start over? One step then another step BUT take the time for family! Go to church, fishing anything just get away to reset your mind. This will separate your true friends and the want a be friends. The haters well their is no hope for them their lives shitty some they try to may others lives shitty to make them feel good.
I'm not subscribed but I've watched you build and do good for others and now in 2023 you lose everything to a fire I hope that it was not arcen hope you can save most of what you got to get
Continuing thoughts prayers and love for yall. I know that you don't know me, but if I might be able to help with cleanup etc... plz let me know... have semi will travel
You can rebuild your place
you get what you give, your karma credit is A+++
I'm sorry about what happened. I've been in the same thing before I get how you are feeling, and God will look down on you. God bless you and your family, and your company
God's got a plan for you man for you and your family for all the good things you done I've been watching you ever since you started I think the long enough to know that you got a good heart and God ain't going to miss that God's got a plan for you and your family much love stay positive cuz everybody appreciates you it's your time now yours and your family you're going to start the 2023 brand new love you guys...blessed ur family my brother..
It makes good YouTube content big views equels good YouTube money
First of all I'm sorry this has happened to you praying for you and family but I've been there what you need to do and it's going to take days but make a list of everything that got damaged even a nut or washer
You guys will bounce back, y’all have so much support, don’t let the haters get you down, prayers for y’all,
I hope y'all will be able to rebuild
Hey Gentry fam, I know I don’t comment often but I’m always watching. I’m heart broken about what happened, I wish I had a way to really help but unfortunately I’m not In a position but hopefully prayers help because I swear i will be saying my prayers tonight for well coming for you guys. Keep your head up.
Glad I don’t have y’all’s luck first it was y’all’s house got destroyed other people paid to fix that now it’s the shop you seem to do good from y’all’s misfortune
Prayers for you guys wow I can't even imagine
Crazy to think you put out a video two weeks ago that you started at a scrap yard and now your whole shop is going to a scrap yard......I just can't
We love your family and you. I hope everyone comes together to support you.  I'm in Cookville, TN if my husband or I can help out let us know. God Bless you all.
Got to look on the bright side thank God know one was in there at the time
We had a fire at our small business. It took several months but insurance replaced everything and all new remodeling etc. The stuff you have to pay for out of pocket for your immediate repairs needed to continue operations related to the fire damage they should pay for so save your receipts.
👍🏼🍻
Every body waiting for,,,what started this Tim???
Lovely strong family you have done good for others and something good will come from this I’m sure our prayers go out to you from Australia 🇦🇺
Nothing is good anymore heat like that ruin’s everything. Praying for y’all been there felt that sucks big ones!
Tim I really hope u and your family get through this. Prayers for ye all
IMHO having been through something similar myself, the best use of your time right now as you go around looking at everything is to complete an inventory list of everything damaged and destroyed. hopefully the insurance company will appreciate your work on the list and this will turn into a favorable review for you in filing your claim. As hard as it is, I wouldn't focus on salvaging anything that doesn't have sentimental value and just focus on getting your arms around everything that will be part of the claim, and basically anything that is damaged will likely be considered destroyed. this is favorable for you so you can get it replaced as soon as possible. I Know it's hard and I am praying for all of you. thank god this didn't happen at the house and no-one was hurt in this incident.
I know for a fact you’ll bounce back like a rubber band brother I wouldn’t even stress your self lord does stuff for a reason your gonna be better of than you ever have now you see who cares about ya the pay outs will come they have to pay ya just wait and wait some more don’t lose sleep it’s a blessing after the smoke clears
Brax is so much of a little man. So positive jeez I love that guy. Tim I know that with you and brax and the guys YOU WILL BE BACK
I want everybody to know I don't mean any disrespect by this comment but if Tim and his family were to suffer a human loss and the family that was unexpected and a tragedy they would really see how trivial this situation is even though it is a really bad situation and I know it feels like they probably lost a family member but there's a lot worse out there to happen to a man and I've been through some of it I'm sorry for his loss I know it's a horrible tragedy
This really hits home, I can’t even comprehend the hurt you’re going through.
it's sad to see all of this.
Son of gun. I've never seen carnage like that.. that was one hot MFR. I have a shop to not near as much as yall..  but watchn this is making me feel like shit. I feel your loss I'd be lost without my 3 FLD'S.  #DETROITDIESEL #FLD4LIFE
Reach out to diesel brothers they help everybody
Really don't know how you are strong enough to document this. Hell I wouldn't be able to handle losing my shed let alone my livelihood.
Coming from a feller,that started off in diesel,,,,and now rebuilding transmission's fro almost 30 years,,,,,I stopped the video at the 1 inch Milwaukee,,,,,,,sorry Tim.  I'll wait for the next one bro
I can't even imagine trying to inventory everything you lost, what a nightmare. So sorry for what you're going thru, the least I can do is subscribe. Take care guys...
Look on the bright side man you still got your friends and family with you and that's what's most important stuff can and will be replaced and you'll most likely get a lot of stuff back and even though there's no price for memories at least you still got them so hold on to em I hope the best for you and your family
So sorry for you and your families loss, but you have a strong family support system and most importantly faith in God. Keeping you and all your family in my prayers.
I'm watching this in Michigan
Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end my man. You’ll come back man you ain’t dead. It’s all replaceable brother n it’s doable. You got this it’ll take time n it’s going to piss you off but you’ll be ok man.
Sorry to see u going through.  Stay strong heads up from Australia
Honestly your neighbour sounds like a absolute scumbag to call epa on you like that
was probably some hater that had arson on the brain
Sorry for your loss but did you lose the recent “Johnny Cash” cab over?
You know I was burned out of my shop yrs ago. I never recovered like you said you have somthing coming in . I didn't it was ALL stop. How do you recover from somthin like this ? Godbless
So sad brother I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart. Tim & Ashley you have gave trucks away you have helped people like Shane so this is your time to receive. On my part I want nothing back but content witch you already do . Keep your heads up on to bigger and better. Love you guys and the man above is looking after you all.
Sorry for your loss.
Please don't listen to people talking crap brother they are sick
So sorry y'all went through this. We will keep you and your families in our prayers through the coming days.
God bless you guys hope your ok and like you said God is the best of planners and something good will come God willing
You been helping your whole life,,,,it's what us hillbillies do Tim,,,,,FFS... yeah,FFS....are you that fucking stubborn,,,like me an refuse any help ....NO.  People are going to help,,,,,,LET THEM
My heart aches for you I have not followed your channel before I grew up around the trucking industry My Dad and brother worked for the largest steel hauler in the nation during the 60's-70's-80's Dad was director of  Maintenance and safety and my brother was shop manager in Cleveland the company had 1,000 trucks in the hay day. I went a different direction I've been a firefighter for 40 years and I understand some of what you are going through I've been to several truck repair shops that burned all like you family owned and operated it's total devastation. With God's help you will get through this and it will take time take each day one at a time and count your blessings that no one was hurt or killed. You are a strong family you will get through this. Love from ohio
Tim, I am so sorry to see what happened to you and your family! My heart sank when I saw the fire video! Not only to see the cab over burnt but all the sentimental value in that shop! I love your videos and hope the best of luck to you and your family on recovering from this!
This entire thing would be impossible to take. The tools for me are among the hardest. Sure you can run out and buy tools, easily replaced. I have tools that have fed families, paid mortgages, bought baseball outfits. Bought vacations and bicycles. School books, cold medicine, diapers..... Every tool in my tool boxes tell thousands of stories. I feel for you folks, there are no words.
Man I really hope that neighbor gets the karma they deserve that's just low and ignorant of them your at your lowest and they do that
Hard to watch this Tim but you will get back up on your feet bigger and better your dad is devastated all the best
Battery’s??? I’m guessing??
We love you your wife and your son your great people are actually down to earth and human I'm up from upstate New York Rochester and I've been following you for a long time I am so sorry,, that you have lost all that you had lost in that fire. My heart's with you, with you and your family I'm grateful that you're all safe and sound hopefully insurance will take care of some of the nightmare that you're going through right now. Love you brother you have a great day peace to you and your family God bless you
If any trucks or trailers got that hot, I'd change the oil in the hubs and anywhere else there's oil. Because it probably boiled (oil) so just to be safe if it was me I'd change all oil. I'm sorry for your loss but you guys will come back better, stronger and faster than ever. God speed.
From a Flooded house a few months ago,,,,,,to now this,,,,,wow
When your ready to rebuild let us know we all are itching to help you rebuild everything you do so much for everyone it's our turn to repay you for your kindness
Look at the cross that was left in the rubble when you show your first truck.  It is at 23:38. Let us not forget him in all this. Prayers for you Tim.
To Tim and family and crew my family sends our deepest sympathies about the loss of your building and such we will be sending more than prayers of all things thanking god everyone is ok luv always the rudd family
Through the eyes of a child….an amazing lesson for all of us…
We have insurance but I'd like to grift everything I can
please put subs on as a lot can not hear you one day you may be the same thank you
At least some of the tools are salvageable which saves some money. Do you know what the cause of the fire was?
My family is praying for your  whole family love to you and your family
I have seen much more burnt up cars get repaired
Hey Timmy talk on the cb in tn is couple people claiming they did it because you didn’t pay
Lots of scape metal maybe you can make some money there
God bless you guys you all have our prayers
All the $ in that shop and no sprinkler system.
Well Tim I just hope you were Insured my Friend otherwise man you are going to Strugle 🙏 for you and your Family you will survive don’t lose your love for the job your❤️. 😢😢😢🙏🦘🇦🇺
You could try to get ahold of that us General tool company I think they sponsor cleetus maybe they could help with tools it would be enough to keep the trucks rolling
you and ur family are ok so things could be a lot worse
God won't give you more than you can handle put your faith in him I understand it's stressful because of uncertainty but you'll get through this I promise
Hi Tim im from South Africa my hart go out to u and famely i know how u feel i was there to losing all my sentimental value u must keep your strength to carry on and dont give up
Sending Prayers to the Gentry Family I'm very very sad to see all of y'all's hard work go up in flames like this y'all had some very nice equipment I'm glad no one was hurt and some of the equipment did make it out   From Kidd Trouble in Colorado
I got a little ticked you got Bucky with the fire fighters but I understand where you were coming from too. Just remember you and your family are strong headed people you don’t let things get you down. My wife was a emt on scene anyway I do hope y’all build back. Idc to help or bring some supplies if I got em. I met devin when I worked at oriellys he is a good one so hopefully y’all will be able to lift his spirits. God bless y’all and keep your head up.
Richi bros , and any auction you can find, you need to get on it…
i was add end of the last video on your fire ( i setting at home I can travel states to states why recovery of blood cancer , i had it unknown for 38 years how it was found and controlled i notice a odd bank deposits from the government (in march 24 of 2019)  unknown to me i gave them my uncles name and number & pray they opened up his records & blood thinner tests of first stuff he was firs man to live threw it, there a off law over a 100% death-rate cancer first man to live threw it my mother uncle my step fathers bother the same who saw my real father! a 1963 court for my adoption odd laws, the doc said it gonna get better ok we have a sample of blood to test to dna wise my uncles blood was frozen i match for illness & newer blood thinner in march the Va judge award the max disability = to what was to get from parents death, ok I spent most but failed badly messed up arms & stuff i help but it like I watch a church practice for a basket ball meet all threw state, ok a group of people like that walked out champs of it all I lead them it like i knew what i did! the night before i watched them practice come help get to places, to driving the bus to winning the whole thing I was in shock! it odd  it may help you but truck need deer damaged fixed & suv had a threw ice bank & under side mess fixed the truck will still run tho! its a shame & you all need pray & guidance what to do! i can not tell like how many tine odd happened around me in a good way!
Man even with tools it takes years to build up, What a disaster... Feel so sorry for you all
Sorry Brother, I took over my family business from my Dad, that my Grandfather started in the 70’s.  With all the items required to “start” or transfer a business I simply forgot to setup the insurance.  We had a fire, and although no where near what yours was; it HURT.  It REALLY HURT!  I was Devastated!
When I was about 10 years old our house burned down . We as a family of 10 lost it all so I kinda know how you feel. We got split up until the new house was built. Bad memories. I'm 57 now and when I saw these videos I hit my guts. So sorry to you and your Gentry family. Video a list of everything.
What happend to the building from the compies they bought out???
My grandfather John Feszchak was among other things, a body man.  I have tools from over 100 years ago from his early days.   I know exactly what your father spoke of.
Any body on here being a hater. Get a life. Why in gods name would tim amd his family  do such a thing after all the people he and his family have tried to help. If you have nothing nice to say then shut your trap. Thats frigging ridiculous
Next time im down there I'll come lend a hand,it will be a couple months. Just to ask yalls first truck was the white Volvo.
Wow Tim I'm so sorry this happened and u can't blame yourself for any of this u can't and u and your family and workers are fighters and survivors u will make it through this have faith u will, if I wasn't fighting to save my foot from amputation u don't know me but I would head straight down to sweetwater just to help u caus u and your family have helped and gave so much to people and that is great but now it's your turn God bless u and your family Tim it's going to be ok
Dear Tim & Ashley as well as Braxton, i live a hour south of Boston,Massachusetts and i wanted to tell you that i am so sorry about the fire that burned your shop down, i am a Catholic after my father,he raised me well and  i have worked hard to build my business starting  young at the age of 16 with little to nothing and i am 40 currently, this August 12th will be my 41st birthday, but i wanted to tell you that i have been praying alot for not only Yourself Tim, your wife Ashley & son Braxton but your Dad & your whole shop crew.  i am deeply saddened that you lost so much in this fire , i know things are going to be rough for a while, but i firmly believe that you are all staying so strong throughout this and i am sorry for all the mean things people have said to you , you don't deserve nasty comments from anybody, there is no reason for it , especially while your going through so much not to mention your recent health issues before the shop fire which i said alot of prayers and kept you and ashley and braxton in my thoughts and i think you're looking really good my friend.  Stay positive Tim,Ashley & Braxton and the team at Gentry & Sons Trucking , i wish you all the best and i send you my love and prayers
Your joking.  Your asking 250000 gofundme you own a trucking company! Greedy. I own a 2003 vehicle.  70 still have to work to pay my rent. Really asking for donations.
Shame you lost everything in your shop but chin up everyone is behind you at least you still have your family and friends all the best from Perth Western Australia
Braxton is one tough kid. I knew he wouldn't cry . God bless him
Hi Gentry a sons trucking Hey guys sorry to hear the bad news about your shed Or workplace things can only get better for use use of been through thick and thin hard ties with Covid and now this I’m just glad that he’s all safe and it’s a shame that you lost several trucks I hope things get better for you guys very soon I’m gonna keep watching your shows like I have for the last two years So God bless and put a smile on those faces love use all I’ll talk to you soon
Take a pry bar to open the drawers, salvage what tools you can for now and then replace them when you can.
Tim, you and your family's generosity and kindness to so many others in need is coming back to you all in a huge way. Be sure to take care of yourself, the rest will work out for the better. We all understand if you want to take a break from YouTube, we are all not going anywhere.
I found you through Rebuild Rescue, and I was really impressed at your charitable attitude.  It doesn't much suprise me that so many are willing to help you in this horrendous time of need.  To a great extent, you get back what you put in.  I agree with your optimism and think you'll be ok in the end; not due to luck, but because you earned that by being a caring and helpful person.  Godspeed.
The best insurance in life is having good friends and family. Life sorts itself out, you'll be fine. Prayers to you and your family!
The worst is over 10-4! Can only go up from here bro!
Your father is so professional, God bless him and your family.
praying for you all
You better get what you can put quick, before the scavs show up
Tim every thing happy for a reason, its hurt me deeply, I pray for you and your family for better days ,God is with you all you will come back stronger we all love ,,
I got some parts i can give you tim just message me back!
I'm so sorry for your devastating loss. So grateful there was no injury or loss of life. God bless!!
Fraud insurance fraud.
This is definitely a tuff video to watch and it wasn’t even my stuff. I feel for all of you and everything material wise and sentimental wise. This is rough
Our shop burned down about 2 yrs ago and it was a giant mess, we also had to buy every bag of oil dry in town. Fortunately our insurance company didn't give us any issues and we were back up and running in about 4 months with a new building and all new tools and equipment.
Right in front of y’all’s first truck the only thing standing is a cross!🙏🏼✝️ 23:34
I definitely understand what your dad is saying I got tools from my grandpa who just recently passed away and I can't imagine losing them I don't know what I would do it's irreplaceable and it's not just the tools themselves it's the memories attached to the tools I am so sorry that something like this happened to you guys I would never wish that on anyone but you guys are strong if anybody can recover from this it's definitely you
Your business burned down and your neighbors instantly called the EPA? Wtf
this is very sad i don't understand why the good guys loose so much when all they ever do is help others it just doesn't make any sense. there is a light at the end of the tunnel shinning bright for you all keep your heads up things will work out for you guys. you all are a bunch of amazing people good things will come your way.
Tim my heart breaks for all of y'all. But remember God puts on you only what you can handle. This will be a testament to what y'all are going through. Like a Phoenix out of the ashes y'all will rise up and be stronger.
I shared what happened on the BONEHEAD TRUCKERS CHANNEL. As the Bible says ( Do unto others as you would have them do to you) Tim you helped where and when you could, now with this disaster the help that you sowed is coming back to you as prayers, helpers, donations, and Blessings. You will get through this and will be stronger for it. There is a reason for this to happen now, God has something big in store for you on the flip side. Let the Lord direct your paths, rely on Him . The Lord never said life would be easy, bad things happen to good people. As for the haters may the Lord take whatever means to bring you to Him, it could involve something like this in your life.
I totally got what the man is saying about sentimental stuff but it's gut wrenching to see the devastation but eventually you will get there
I’m feeling for you mate as I’ve lost 2 sheds a few years ago. Had a worker and few months before I lost the sheds he was mowing green grass with my trusty ride on lawnmower and it went up in smoke. Well then the sheds went a few months later but couldn’t prove that he done it but all I know is I never had fires that burnt equipment or sheds before. I encouraged him to move on and never had fires again. Keep your head up mate it will all turn around.
Watch those “professionals “ they are not your friend! Voice of experience. Where are you located?
I'm sure you'll rebuild, but you will have a fire suppression system in the new place
watch out for people stealing stuff.
Tim and family  you and your dad  work hard to build a what y'all had but y'all are a strong family y'all will come back stronger and better because of family and friends God bless hold your heads up and look to the future
Anyone dumb enough to think this was not a terrible accident.  I see more then 600k of loss not even considering the unreplaceable items.  Insurance will never come close to replacing the loss.  I guess those fokes don't understand how that works
I'm very sorry  tim an family 4 all yr loss 😢  we r praying for you
Its sad that people automatically think the worst of others.
Insurance probably won't pay the true value of them old rigs sadly. People need to realize Insurance companies spend millions on investigations each year.  If this was fraud he'd be on his way to prison. Fire Marshall will figure it out to. So chill out people.  I'm looking forward to seeing the new and improved shop. With top of the line fire suppression.
Tim you still have your family, that's all that matters, God bless!
Tim you can't keep blaming yourself its not your fault. Let just hope the fire did not start from carelessness  im 65 and disabled bit im got to try to donate some money. im going to try for $20.00 its not much but every little bit will help
Gentry and son's  is what trucking  was supposed  to before  all the big trucking companies  came to power its all about  family  and taking  care of each  other   prayers and  positive vibes  for all
Sorry for your loss but why do you use the Son of God’s name Jesus thru out the video when your disgusted with something? Then in another breath you thank God for something. I hope you figure out no one will be held guiltless for using God’s name improperly.
am robert gentry do we know each other
Prayers to you I love watching you're channel owner operator myself
Shipping containers if you could get a few like what diesel creek got you could work out of those till you get a new building?
I'm not going to push like because I hate what happened to you. But now Tim as bad as it looks you have been through worse.  You came back from a dangerous bike wreck. All of your people are safe. That is good so scrap the slab off and climb up and out. You and your family have each other so keep climbing.  A fan Gus
They will figure it out, insurance will also work it out.  The only thing I can do is pray for you and your family, i so wish I could and I hope and know you will be blessed and with how your handling this!  The haters well they can go pound sand!!!   Hay maybe I could come help rebuild or something, just let me know that could be my way of helping
GOD WILL BLESS YOU. YOUARE GOOD PEOPLE.LOOKS LIKE AT THE START  OF THIS VIDEO  YOU ARE ON YOUR FRONT PORCH.   YOUR HOME DIDNT BURN DOWN AND YOU ARE ALL SAFE.  IN MY LIFE I HAVE LOST EVERTHING I OWNED THREE TIMES.   I SURVIED AND HAVE EVERTHING I NEED NOW.         GOD BLESS YOU ALL
Tim you have no idea what you've lost that was in that shop you can't even remember that people don't realize that until it's gone
God bless u and ur family we all support you and are here for you.
Sorry for your loss brother wish I could help yall out and don't listen to the nay sayers you get through this . . .
Sorry for loss, at least no one got hurt or died. The rest can be replaced, you will always have memories. Think of what you have, not what you have lost.
What about Fsc's old shop he moved out of
Godspeed buddy--  Catch your breath...  Then do what you do and go back to work... Memories will never fade and life goes forward! God will look upon you.....
Prayers for all your employees and your family. God will take care of all of you. God Bless
That was tough 😳
💪 Gentry Strong 💪 Tim you and the family will build back better. 🎊 🎉 You always have the memories on YouTube 😢😂😅
Love, Thoughts and Prayers to Y'all's Family and employees.  I lost a house and 11 animals to a fire few years back and brother ,  Man there is nothing easy about this situation but Y'all are as strong AF and you'll be just fine.  I know it in my heart. Keep your head up and we're all here for you and your peeps .
donated what i could, if everyone does the same youll be in okay shape, stay strong!
God be with you and your family
My dad's shop burnt to the ground when I was 15 and now I'm 67 and can still smell the stink of wire brushing and steel wool tools so we could start again! No insurance! Thank god nobody got hurt!
Tim. What year was the Mustang? I use to restore the 65-72 years for many years. Maybe I can help find one with my resources.
MEGA HUGS 🤗 FOR YALL
In September 2020 my home and workshop burned to the ground. My workshop was 30 x 40 for 1200 ft.² of every tool that my grandfather, my great grandfather my father and my brother all who were US vets, had passed down to me. Insurance company only gave me .20 cents on the dollar.  There insurance company does not recognize, sentimental value of the contents.  I feel your pain. I’m sorry you’re having to go through this.  Today I have not been able to replace my home, but I am alive. All because of God.  May he continue to bless you and your family further all around you.
Well you can make lots of “will it run?” Videos now.
Tremendously Huge Prayers for Y’all…. I started watching the video of that night but couldn’t finish it… but I know y’all will come back Mega Strong 💪🏻  Much Love to Y’all
Stay  positive. Now you can streamline your new shop and we it better than ever! God will see you through this.
Next shop will have a fire suppression system
Shitty neighbor that called
We will stand behind you an that is the American way! God bless you and your wife! And kido’s
sad
Look what's standing by your dad's first truck, a cross..... A sign maybe?
So very sorry for what yall are going through Brother!! I cannot reiterate what I have always said about the Gentry family yall know where your strength and blessings come from and I know without a shadow of a doubt yall are praying your way through this.
I don't have much money but i can help labor wise need anything I can help
God may never reveal the why. Maybe so your son wasn’t hurt on the road, or someone hurt in the shop. A lot of those tools are scrap. Be careful rooting around before the insurance gives the go ahead.
Hope the insurance company is just as good like it is here, in Cornwall uk,  prayers to all of  you guys
Praying for yall
May I purchase some merch from y'all to help u guys out
Is the ATF investigating this fire?
Unbelievable. I've never seen so much destruction. You will build back. Bigger and better. Many praye go out to you and your family
When the fire marshal turns it loose and y’all need help cleaning up let me know I’m in Cookeville would love to come help you guys out anyway I can!!!
Hi Tim ignore the rude comments. I wish I could donate some money but I can't. What about the old shop as a temp shop   There is always a reason but we just dont know what it is at the time. God bless you Tim and your family
🙏 prayers for youins
any building you get in the future just make sure it has a sprinkler system installed and working it may cost you a little now but it will save you should this ever happen again.   God Bless and y'all stay strong you will recover from this
Sorry that you have lost your shop God is going to Bless Doble what you lost Ben praying for you
What don’t kill you makes you stronger you guys are great
From the ashes your family will rise by the good Lord's grace
i don’t know 🤷‍♂️ future steel if their a thing or not i know back when they advertised they had shop options for trucks someone needs to raid a lowes or home depot for tools,tool boxes air tools compressors shop air electrical tape crimpers everything after you get back established shop fridge gotta have pop or monster energy drinks cold. hopefully peterbilt etc can donate trucks i think trucks previous year model least their new. somebody with a work truck work out of park an rv somebody can let you use. truck dealer sends fresh rubber rims spare lug nuts break stuff oil anything that new not being sold. new log books 📚 bank donate company checks do things so workers don’t get laid off especially these days. home depot has had sheds those you could use store new oil filters some one with 65 mustang so you brother can have his mothers gift back. See what ford should do take it easy day at a time not furd fan but i’ll bet someone’s car collection of of stangs has too many of the same or FORD. step in restore one
Sorry for your loss, I like your videos
My family was burned out while I was on the road. I was able to get home the next day. We lost every thing. Not ashamed to say  in the end I was overwhelmed by the support and donations from people that we didn't even know. Times like that u find out who your true friends are👍
Keep your positive attitude, you’re going to make it! Insurance adjusters are usually there like vultures waiting to see if they can get their percentage. What your inventory was, is critical, try to sit down and itemize what you had, because they will try to nickel and dime you to death. Video and photographical proof of items is also important. We are with you, and will help you succeed, as much as we can!  All the best to you, and the entire Gentry Gang, including employees!
Know this:   The Lord gives and the Lord takes away.  Blessed be the name of the Lord.  Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.  In all your ways acknowledge Him and He will direct your path.  Consider the birds of the air. They need to read nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not worth much more than they?
I wish I could help you and your family but I don't really have anything, but I am going to be buying some shirts from you here in a few days.
Prayers for you and your family and friends as you face this tough hurdle
As bad as this is im glad you can look past it and be positive about it and have a laugh about the little things. Stay strong through this man we all love you.
Get a private adjuster. Your insurance company is not going to be as generous with estimating your loss.
Hey Tim.. 😁 you have PLENTY of will it start episodes there👍 Fr tho.. y'all will get over this and sore to a better place in life from this. I know EXACTLY  what your Dad was talkin bout on the heirlooms passed down in life. I hope your able to save at lease a few of those. If not , I'm sure y'all have pics of those heirlooms being used plus you can never erase the memories.  My condolences to you and your family for the losses.  In watching your channel since Bruce sold ya the truck , I know y'all will be good , coming back from this even bigger and better. Keep your head held high and your spirits strong. 👌😉👍
a thought. I don't know how much but you can load all that aluminum from the building and sell it for scrap. be worth something anyway. plus get some solvent of some sort and you can probably salvage some of the tools...the wrenches that were on the wall by the tool boxes. screw drivers might still be useable. might find some other stuff as salvageable. the power tools though. sadly. are toast.
Man, I hate that for ya Bro, such a good guy, great family and a cool channel! definitely will get some Merch from ya!
Sorry this happened. This just happened to one of my buddys small shops it was determined fire started from a drill battery left on the charger burnt his to the ground. As far as the insurance goes they will never give you enough to cover every single tool but as you clean up take notes of the expensive things lost and get cost to replace and they will work with you
Absolutely right.  Do what you can and rebuild better.    Fire barriers and sprinklers cost money, but when you look at this, it doesn’t seem nearly as expensive speaking as a certified fire inspector and investigator.
You and your spoiled brat will be all right!
If anybody can bounce back and rebuild bigger and better it’s Tim Gentry.
This is right up there with the loss of ken block happy new years 2023 off to a wonderful start😢
Very hard to watch sending prayers
God bless these people 🙏
Neighbors or Mandatory reporting by the FD?
All those hand tools have probably been annealed and soft now, I wouldn't try using them without heat treating them first.
Tim there are people in this world that want to make good people's life miserable just like theirs, don't worry about them stand with the people who care I'm sorry I can't help you and your family more I hope what I say helps you and your family . I was a truck driver than things happened to me with my heart . Trust in God he will help you !  Don't worry what the bad people say , that is what is wrong with this world . I hope what I say helps, I am so sorry for what happened ! God Bless you and your family we are praying for God to help you. So sorry this happened to someone  like you and your family.
Prayers from Oklahoma
Let's play clue,  The neighbors, with arson, in the shop
God bless you all
Good things always come back around to those who do good in this world and your still blessed with so many things like your family and extended family being your employees so this tough time will pass you just have to stay positive and keep pushing forward
God my hart goes out to you Tim and family I'm in tears can't emagin how you fill
Hope it wasn't arson... looking like it.
The best thing I can say to you is, to let your lawyer handle everything.  You are too involved with personal feelings and emotions to handle this without your lawyer.  Also, lean on God through Jesus.  You can't go wrong doing this.  If God is not in your life, today is the day to start with church and Jesus as your personal savior.  God bless you, your family, your staff, and all your customers.  Keep the cameras on everything you do and handle before your fire martial is finished.  Your insurance company will be looking for any reason not to cover your loss.  Hang in there and you will make it through it all, especially if you let go and let God.
ARSON?????
My shop burned too, sorry but the temper is out from those tools. Scrap iron.
Glad noone was hurt.  Sometimes tragedy turns into blessings, be blessed. Ignore the haters, some people's lives sucks so bad they gotta have some company so they hate.  Don't be hating in the comments peeps.
To the Gentry family, employees and all who were affected by this, we are so sorry for all you lost but you have the prayers of all of us going up for you.
do you guys know what caused the fire?
Use car litter. Same stuff
Not one piece of heat treated, cast type metal item will be usable or safe to use that was in that work shop.  The extreme heat has changed the metal permanently.  The cast iron engine block cracked by extreme heat shows just how high temp it got in there.
Your insurance carrier will reemberse you for the spill cleanup unless they are not like most others. You may want to look for an independent adjuster to help maximize your claim. Some of them are helpful.
You literally struggle to even look the camera in the eye
Sorry for your loss .if you need help with covering loads let all of us know.keep on trucking.trucker from Dayton Ohio.
Going through a fire is horrible. You guys are in our hearts and prayers.❤️❤️❤️
Tim, I'm so sorry for ya'll but as hot as things got I wouldn't trust the strength of much. You sure don't want something to break under pressure and hurting someone. hance
I seen an episode with Dennis Collins. He picked up 2 Smokey and the bandit cars that were in a bad fire. He looked at them and said they were restorable. He pulled them from the garage they were burnt in. Look into him to see if the mustang can be restored 3:49
What a c*cksucker of a neighbor calling the EPA basically while your business is still burning.  Jealous sounds about right. Good luck with everything!
Really hope they can determine the cause of the fire. Give you a understanding of what went wrong. Glad Tim you think on better things and precautions of for new shop. Best I can say have separate building for the flammable fluids. Then shop itself where cutting torching welding happens clean clear area. Tools in separate area and parts room. The inside walls sheet of steel like pole barns. No places for a hot piece of torch or welding slag to hide along walls. Was cutting cow stanchions out of a pole barn style barn. 8 hours later a neighbor seen flame driving by. Lucky only burned on 6x6 pole. Piece of hot slag got in crack between the concrete floor and pole and was smoldering. Which eventually caused flames. Stay positive hurts on sentimental losses but everything else can be replaced. Guess no pink cab over guess you won there wife loss. Just glad the marine cab over was not there I am assuming as not mentioned.
Man that fire got HOT HOT
If anyone comes across a "text me" spam in your comment replies, please report those scum.
Hey bud I'm so sorry for your loss and if I  could help you in anyway I would bud I've followed you for a while. And my wife is very bad off so I'm sorry I can't help you out and hope everything works out for yall.
Hey Tim  im so sorry what happened to your family company i hopefully you can rebuild your business at the same spot I know this might be to soon but i see there is a 2003 Mach 1 Mustang in ohio with 52000 miles on it exactly like Davin  car I know it not going to bring back his car
What year was your brother mustang?
Give it time you can get on your feet again
I gotta say you should really look into tekton for affordable quality tools as you rebuild.
Stay positive Tim
Was the cat engine that were painted for rooster was in there too.. and merica the cabover
Sorry for your loss and everyone saying that this is an insurance scam are nothing but a bunch of jackasses
All best guys at recovering  cheers from south Australia
Not the way you envisioned getting to 200k subscribers,  maybe you'll blow past the 200k mark to 250k+.  I'm glad to hear that other YouTubers are reaching out offering a helpful hand
Just bad luck for this to happen after your other scare
Hey Tim I thought you guys were building a new shop. Hope that’s still in the works. I’m sending you and your whole family the best energy possible. I can’t believe this happened. Where did it start. Sorry for your losses. Take care y’all
So sorry for this, but yes have to look at it no was hurt you can replace equipment and truck's but not a human being
Tim look back through all the videos that will help big time with the insurance company. At least you have them. Sorry for your loss Tim and family.
Listen to your son Braxton.  His glass and your glass is half full not half empty
Man talk about insult to injury hey God did you really have to make it rain after this man lost everything to fire.
As a retired truckdriver I wish I could help. But I haven't had any income for over a year now. In a wheelchair now and trying to get disability.
Prayers to you and the family everything happens for a reason love your YouTube channel keep your head high it will all come together
Little man took it so well and maturely when you told him about his burnout motor realizing that he lost so little compared to what everyone else lost
Cat litter for oil dry it’s the same stuff
Prayers Prayers Prayers And Keep The Faith And Trust In God And Let His Works Do What They Do For You And Your Family And Business, I Know It Is All Hard But They Are Only Material Things That God Will Replace Ten Fold Tim I Plead With You Just Keep Your Head Up And You All Shall Succeed. If I Had Given Up I Would Have Been Dead Long Time Ago So Keep The Faith . God Got You All .  Look Forward To Seeing The Rise Of Gentry And Son’s Trucking To The Top !!! Much Love 💗 And Prayers Everlasting
You guys are con artists...plain and simple...why work when you can benefit from. YouTube money's and a go fund me...after insurance pays off...after your merch runs out, start a ponzi scheme, smh
Unfortunate for everyone involved.but the mustang.dam
I hope all goes well. I’m gonna subscribe to your channel.
I hope all goes well. I’m gonna subscribe to your channel.
I can't say it enough It just breaks my heart when someone works so hard and to lose everything this way is terrible Sending thoughts and prayers God be with  you all
I went through a house fire with my family. I wouldn’t wish a fire on my worst enemy. It’s an awful thing to go through but at least nobody was hurt. Y’all will get through this and come out stronger and better than you were before. We’re here for you Tim.
Prayers man ready for clean up videos and shop rebuild you will figure it out
I am so sorry that I had to find out about your channel because of a fire I pray to God that you guys recover and come back I've been watching you all day and I'm watching the video right now I am so sorry I pray to God doesn't come back for you you all deserve it you can see the love and loyalty and everything and every single one of your videos you guys are truly amazing stay strong and I hope to God that you guys make it back much love and support ❤️ 💙 💜
Like the. Phoenix  you will rise
Maybe we can get that go fund me up to $250,000. Then y'all wouldn't even have to go back to trucking. Just sell everything that's left, cash in the insurance check, and invest in some rental properties. Y'all won't even have to work anymore.
what about  kittle litter for oil
I dunno what it is but I love it when your dad tell us his stories from back then
I am a commercial contractor in tn out if bristol if I can help in any way I would happily do so.. you need to block every one that comments some hateful shit.
Ohh man!!! Makes me sick to my stomach when low life's come out talking cr$p, SO DISGUSTING. These guys lost their livelihood, lost everything and SCUM just got to twist the knife. Makes me sick man, how about some compassion. I said few months ago how I've actually lost faith in the human race & this is just more proof of how the world is going. At 54, soon I'll be dead, as the human race & future is looking bleak in my opinion.
Sad stuff, but now you can start over, clean slate, get the shop you need to handle all that you do, insurance will come through, it’ll never be enough, but it will allow you to restart.
Tim, been following you and yours for a while, had a similar experience years ago, see some comments about an inventory, do you best to do one. Don't care how much faith you have in your insurance provider, they are a business, and as you know, nobody likes to lose money. Be safe and keep your head up and to the morons who still make the comments about you burning down your place for the insurance money, you are sick people and a waste of sperm.
Like the Phoenix the Gentry's will rise from the ashes.
Like the Phoenix the Gentry's will rise from the ashes.
Thank GOD  you are all ok...I understand years of things...my father was a journeyman electricial and I had his tools and tool box...I donated a lot to a school but kept many tools and especially his tool box with his name soldered on it....I hired a young man to work for me in my cake business and his uncle wanted my dad's things and when I said no, he stole them so while ours isn't the same way, it hurt.  YOU will be blessed very soon, because something wonderful is about to happen in our banking system and everything will be replaced if you chose to do so...again THANK GOD you are safe and well....
what a nightmare
Next shop should have a fire protection system and alarms too notify you if anything goes wrong, along with a separate storage area away from the shop that can store used oil drums and new fluids and if you keep flammable in the shop you should invest in those big yellow flammable liquid storage cabinets 🧯🧯🧯🧯
Hang in there brother.  "This too shall pass."
Hey Tim you and your Dad are looking at what is left and what you have lost your list is going o be endless  Symbolic things that you can not replace but you and your supporters are going to behind you your father has a positive approach  Brax is like Father Like Son  You have a get net on YouTube
You will be ok just keep your head up have faith
So sorry for your loss! I have a feeling you guys will come back bigger and better than ever! God has a way of making things happen. 🙏
This brought tears to my eyes, knowing you are going through a loss like this. My family lost everything we owned except 1 car and the clothes we had on our backs and a few photos. That was many years ago when we didn't have fundraisers gofundme...  Now I am dealing with my fathers estate and losing everything I own in order to pay all the legal stuff off...  Fortunately, out of all of this, I finally own my own property and am moving to it to start all over again with next to nothing. But this time I own it!  I really believe that you all will pull out of this bigger and better! Stay strong, you will overcome...
He had a fire people, you all saw it so come on. He can’t come out and say please donate because people will hate but his family deserves it don’t be jealous. He should be saying please donate but unfortunately he can’t so he has to make comments about people have donated and we appreciate it and it’s hard for us to take instead. But everyone please donate. My username says it all, everything I have has been paid in full, earned with blood sweat and tears, everything this awesome family has and had is the same thing they earned it with blood sweat and tears PAID IN FULL.
This is sad to watch my sister lost 2 of her homes to fire I feel for yall man..prayers goin up
God bless you guys
Based on what I had happen, make those lists with as much info as you can. If you remember something, and you will for a long time, write it down. Your videos may be needed as proof for the ins claims along with the business records. Your family, blood or not, is very strong and you will get through this!! My thoughts and prayers are with you!!
Tim I'm so sorry to see what you are going thru it makes me want to cry along with you to see what you lost in that Fire it sucks so much and is so sad I'm like you Tim I don't know why this happened to you why GOD made this happen but I hope he BLESSES you and  things are much better in the outcome and you are better off that you once were I do know that you did have things in that shop that were not replaceable like you alls first Truck and Devin's Mustang and the Fairlane I've not seen a Fairlane like that but have indeed seen a Cougar like that with the 390 with a 4 Speed Transmission in it a boy bought his young Daughter this Cougar I think for her School or Graduation Car but she would not have anything to do with it because she was scared of it and she had every right to be I've been driving for 50 years I'd be afraid of that car until I got used to it
Don’t listen to the scumbags saying you’re scamming people. Really?? Did y’all not see the fire and the reactions? Seriously? I mean come on people. God Bless.
tim , why dont you contact big "d" and let them know what has happend , just a thought .....  R. Twedell
Neighbor called the EPA, the f*ck..really hate ppl
Sorry about your lost I cry this is something you never wanted to see all that left to do is to clean up and start over it will be rought
Number 1 thing is luckily noone was hurt !!
So heart breaking so sorry my brother glad everybody is safe....God Bless yall and hang in there.
Good luck to yall. The best of all.
i bet  that kid could get that moterccyclke running again  there was a  youtube channel i watched some time ago a guy took a dodge challanger that had been in a fire  what woulda been scraped and compleatly restored it and got it running  the internals of the engins were fine even tho it was coverd in  burned  dabreis and such.. some of those engines may atcualy not be as bad as they look  and  may be salvagable if that dodge challangers engine looked like those and still ran  some of thease moight wioth a few   external pices replaces like injectorsd and such you never know tell youy tear into it and see  a lot of  the times it looks worse  then it is i t6hink the channel with the burned car is DIY GANG a lot of the stuff on the floor or low down may just have soot on it but be ok  sense most of the heat woulda been  up oin the air   even if the stuff on the grounbd was on fire some of it may not have gotten to  hot to be  comnpleatly warped or ruined
This sucks so damn bad 😢.
So sorry for your loss Tim! When your dad was talking about sentimental tools from his grandpa, it got me because I treasure my grandpas tools. Maybe you can find a local metal artist that can make some yard art with his sentimental tools that he can put in his yard to enjoy.  Keep your head up brother!
I am lost for words. Thar was a hard one to watch. You are 💯 % right that this did happen for a reason for what reason it is. You guys are staying positive. God's blessings today & always Tim & family. Extra hugs all around. 💕 🙏
Neighbors called EPA 😑 😒 those MF 🐓 🍭 ur shop just got burnt down evil MFs got nothing better to do 🤔
all love your
Iv recently started watching the channel. Seen a few videos in the past as random suggested videos. Hate to see this happen, sucks to lose everything. About 10 years ago, a hurricane flooded our house and took it all away but the structure. The amount of people and support that came from far away places to help was crazy. Really shows how most people are good, and band together when things get hard. Best of luck to your recovery process
When everything is done don't move just rebuild a new one at the same spot
Someone called EPA already  You will not get new permits to rebuild.  The liberals are moving in and taking over. Watch.
So sorry this happened to your family and company brother but GOD has a plan his glory will be shown through the weak and at this point in time your weak and he has a plan for you and your family
Guys write down everything and have a photo to go with it. Contents are hard to deal with. Write down everything. Nothing is too small.
Your wife looks like a brats doll
So sorry to hear this for y'all
Hey brother from mississippi God bless you and your family
Been down this road with a house in 2005. What a nightmare.  As Tim said: "I wouldnt wish this on my worst enemy".  Its is such a horrible mess dealing with the insurance company, trying to remember everything you had and then most would think its fun going out and buying new stuff, Its not. Dealing with contractors to rebuild is a PITA in itself. Its ALL just one big GIANT hassle and very stressful for everyone in the family. Stay strong Tim and Ashley!
I’ve been apart of three shop burn down. Keep positive. Friends family community. Things will get better it’s a lot of work . But it will get built bigger better. Keep positive. Life will get better it’s not the end.
This looks like arson end of story
Being a first responder this is very hard to see the after.
Go to each tool company and ask for replacement tools ,!  I know craftsman should because they replaced my burned hand tools .  But any tool company that offers a life time guarantee should replace them . Now you might have to go to corporate offices for snap on and Mac and such.  Matco well they won't back anything I found. I turn wrenches all my life and that's the only company that won't even replace my 3/8" drive swivel head rachet. When it wore out after a year's use . So I don't recommend matco tools...  First most tool boxes have a locking bar internally. The top lids have to be opened before the trays will slide out !  Now you might get lucky and try cleaning up the wrenches and sockets with a bench wire wheel ? Hopefully the heat wasn't hot enough to hurt the hardness ?  Yes they burned but they where in a box that shielded the heat some what ?   I know I've been there and to see everything burned hurts. I still look for speciality tools then realize they burned up ! Now that's a bitch... An my fire happened years ago.. So sadly this fire will haunt you for a long time...  Keep the faith is all I can tell ya .
Tim, you will build back better than ever. No, the sentimental items can never be replaced, but you will start with new sentimental stuff to hand down to your kids and grandkids. Keep your chin up and hug your family. They are what's most important.
I'm truly saddened to hear that people would be that low to accuse of fraud.  You all are open and honest, I'm thankful and believe you will get through this.  Blessings and prayers your way.
he trying to cheer you up dad (Tim) he hurts too
Prayer for y’all bought some merch from yall
It might have been a little shop, but it was absolutely full of love and that's the most important thing !!!
Think on the positive side you will be able to build back better. We are all behind you.
First off I am so sorry this happened to you guys. Secondly, to the people in the comments acting like assholles with their negative know it all attitudes.  You better hope you don't have to go through this one day. Insurance or not. Anyone with half a brain knows damn well what kind of BS these guys are going to go through to collect the money. Furthermore, the money they do get from insurance IS NOT going to come remotely close to the 8 or 9 years worth of actual inventory let alone the years worth of hard dedication and sought after parts that are now gone from this tragedy. So y'all better hope your ignorance don't catch up and bite you in the ass one day.
I think that you like the Phoenix will rise up through the ashes and will be stronger than before you have a lot of support god bless you Tim and family
God speed Gentry’s….
Don’t move anything inside that shop until the Fire Investigator is finished! It may help you in the end. Take it from experience, please Tim
So sorry for the loss stay strong it can be rebuilt I know you lost a lot but you have to keep pushing through and it will be better than ever I have followed you and Pfi and the whole gang keep your head up and keep moving forward
This is the reason I have a 75,000 policy for my tools at work.
comment to support!!!
When you rebuild you should consider installing a sprinkler system
It's sad that some people have no idea how much money is setting there in just tools and parts. Not to mention trucks and building itself and insurance won't cover but maybe half of it unless you get very lucky. And you may have to pay off all the customers that lost stuff from the fire that's won't be cheap. Hopefully they will be understanding and not try and take advantage of the bad situation. Hope everything works out. Build a steel frame building. Maybe a couple smaller buildings instead of one big building so everything aint in the same spot.
fuel tanks diddnt split... likely melted... last truck a friend wrecked he was carrying ethanol and he and the local FD watched it burn down the trailer.... til they foamed it... horrible horrible :(
Your Neighbors calling the EPA on you, sounds  like you have great neighbors, i take it their not on your Christmas Card list unbelievable,  even if Neighbors don't  see eye to eye, you show some compassion when sommeone goes through a tragedy,  thats just Human Nature, what a very low act to do unbelievable  mate. But don't  worry about that buddy, you and your Family will come through this with flying  Colours, wish you all the very best mate
Hate to see this happen to good people like you guys. Buddy went thru similar thing with his house/shop few years ago we had just got my car that i got from my grandpa out of the shop the week before but his girlfriends boy’s first car a firebird he was redoing and making nice again as a surprise for when he got back from the military and a customers first car a 65 mustang he was restoring both were burnt completely up and flattened by the falling roof. Definitely not fun cleaning up everything you own with a bobcat
🙏🙏🙏🙏 sorry for your lost love watching all your video , been watching all your video since u bought the air force truck from Bruce loved them all hopping something bigger and better is coming your way soon
If you pause the video at 23:35 A burnt post resembles the sign of the cross. Sign from God?
So sorry this happened to u and ur family praying for yall
Lithium+water=self destruct mode. Those alone could burn that shop down after water hits the lithium.
I feel like I know what you’re gonna say caused this man… and I DO NOT wanna hear that at all man…
You can pay back by doing what you do everyday!!!  Keep helping your drivers and be a great leader and husband for your family!!!
I REALLY understand Tim's Dad talking about the pain of losing family "legacy" tools. They are absolutely heirlooms. You will get through this and be even better. Good people always do.
Tim please call Danny as he will contact me ASAP I have guys that live in Loudon and Madisonville that will be there I live in mascot and I will be there as well. We work for the insurance company per say and will not stop till you are happy!!;
it feels so wrong "liking" this video :(
Thi king of you all here in Aus.
I hope you had a good insurance policy because you have a million dollars worth of stuff in that building!
I'll just say this, smart fella. Lol
You need to get anything you want to keep out of there as soon as possible. I guarantee you will get thieves going through there very soon if they haven't already. All of your snap-on tools, at least since they have a forever warranty. You should probably exchange all of them out for new ones since the heat probably softened them.
We are all behind you. This was difficult to watch and imagine.  You sharing this with us and pushing forward is inspiring. You all are in our hearts and prayers.
Tim, never give up your faith that you and the family have thru all of this!!  This is absolutely devastating to hear and see the loss...   But Gentry&Sons will rise out of the ashes and come back even stronger...   My thoughts and prayers to you and your family..
Hopefully there was insurance on the shop
what a horrible sight :( I'm so very sorry
Tim I really can't imagine how you're feeling right now the loss of everything that you had built over the years all gone adventure to say that you got three quarters of million dollars and damage and I am so sorry to see what's happened I know that everything you've done for others has been a good thing and now others will help do for you I know that there's a reason for everything that happens unfortunately this is a sad day for you and your family that you will be blessed
wow so sad to see. i been watching in australia. theres only up from here. love you guys hope you have a better new year
Keep  Positive buddy
Keep your head up Tim God's got yall. Praying for a speedy recovery and favor for your family.
Do they know what caused the fire yet?
Not sure if you know about PIG MATS, Tim, but they are GREAT for oil or most any spill. 👌😉👍
Hi Tim I am praying for you and your family and crew I been watching your U Tube since day one it will take time to rebuild but Tim you will Much  Much better and stronger love you and your family buddy KEEP ON TRUCKING from Robbie Melbourne Australia 💪💪💪👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏
ignore the haters, they can piss off. You will bounce back... you have put a lot of hard work to get where you are and it will payoff.
Hey Tim, I’m truly sorry about your shop burning down. You have family memories there at your shop things that you can’t get back anymore but you got to look on the bright side and think bigger and better is the way to go.
Go Gentry and Sons, we wish the best from north of your border in Pitt Meadows, BC, Canada.
So sorry to hear Tim I kind of know what it's like I have my house catch on fire about 15 years ago and then about 6 years ago my trailer caught on fire burn up it's hard. But like you said it's in the Lord hands right now. Your wife need your shoulder so she can just let it out you can see she still wants to cry it's devastating I know but I know you got a lot worse than what I did. I'm going to try to go on your channel tomorrow and order some merchandise and try to leave a donation. Just keep your head held high and I've tried to tell myself tomorrow another day I know you have a lot of friends and people to help you out. Take care from Madison Heights Michigan
when my house burned i never realized all I had till i did like what you doing now,oh my I never realized I had so much stuff
Hate this happened to y'all Tim y'all are good people and I'm praying for you and the family man wishing y'all the best of luck hope everything goes smoothly and good building back man
Guess what libtards you're complaining was ignored!
The tough are getting it done broken hearts an all👍🦘🇦🇺
Just wanted to say that I am praying for you all. Words cannot express how this affects you all. Praise God none of you were hurt! May God bless you and allow you to come back better than before.
rent the equipment to clean it all up and keep the crew on payroll while they help clean up, which will give you time to order a new steal building and you can get the pad prepped.  Findout if the city has 4 inch water main you can tie into, or I would bury 2x 1000 gallon tanks with rain catchment to keep on standby incase of a fire.  You can have it setup so building water supply will always keep the tanks full
It happened at night while nobody was inside.  Blessed there’s no loss of life.  Everything else will get replaced with time.  God bless y’all
Prayers for all of you! I feel so bad that happened to you guys. Keep hanging in there.🙏🙏🙏
Please investigate your coverage and make sure you get professional assistance (attorney) to make sure your insurance doesn't undercut your claim.
Noticed how money-based all the videos have been so far keep your eyes and ears open people I'm just warning you investigations are coming there's two people that work for him that said don't believe everything you're seeing and hearing on the videos
This is really really hard to watch guys, I can only imagine it on your end. I know you guys worked so so hard for everything you had, God bless you, all of you!!!!
soo soo sad 😢. i hate to see this.  atleast  no one was hurt. everything else can be replaced im sorry for your loss tim   its soo sad hearin you say no no no   heart breakin. wish i was able to  replace everything you all lost   keep your heads up
One thing I learned VERY early in life is that, "those who accuse are usually the ones doing what they are accusing of". So just ignore those type of people because they are NOTHING but TROUBLE MAKERS FULL OF DRAMA. 👌😉👍
The best thing is that no one got hurt.  You can replace parts, buildings & work related items but not a life.  Best to you & thanks for sharing.
How about a new rule? Commercial Shops should be built out of Steel and not wood pole barns.   I would also make sure the new shop has sprinklers and looks like you need a safe secure place to store flammable Fluids and sht.
Sorry for your dad. Has to be real tough for him. Sorry for your loss. Just a mess. Take care to you and your family.
Braxton is a sweetheart he's a good little boy I love his smile God bless him the Lord is going to bring you back better than ever all of you thank you my friend have a good one
Hang in there 💯
I had a garage fire and lost the garage with all my tools and materials. My heart goes out to you all. I could smell the fire through the video.
I would take that motorcycle and rebuild it and rebuild it back to where you want and look before you should never do
I'm sorry for the loss of the shop, and all the equipment you guys had, hope you can come out of it positive, and get a new place and get going again
My Beautiful Wife And My little Britches would Love to have you as our Guests bring the whole family we will figure it out. As long as you are able to recoup some of what you had is all I wish
Like I said before, I would love to help but all I can offer is my time. It's something I have plenty of and i wish you would put it to good use. I'm praying for you all.
Did any truck that you save get damaged
U found it
Tim I'm sorry for your family's loss I'm praying for y'all and the success to rebuild bigger and better
Seeing the destruction just makes me so sad for you guys, my prayers are with you!
Praying for you guys
It's not only you two but I don't care what the situation is money is the root of all evil the truth will come out and people will probably be shocked
If it wasn’t for holidays and no work I’d definitely donate cuz gentry and sons is one of the videos I can’t wait for to watch great content and I’m praying your up coming
Just glad you an your family is ok thats the main thing an i am so sorry that you guys are having to go through this
I set up go fund me when I lost everything..I didn't get 20 bucks..If it wasn't him being a YouTuber he wouldn't get shit ..Sad world we live in
Older wiser and more determined than ever. Once the sickness fades and the dust clears step back and envision something new and better. Set some new goals and get to work. With so many prayers for the Gentry family I'm sure God is planning something great for you. Stay strong
Insurance won't pay even 1/3 of what you lost. My garage burnt down on Christmas Eve. I also had a Mustang that burned in the fire. I had no tools, no nothing to work on anything. When cleaning up the emotions flow as some destroyed items are seen in the destroyed state. Not much can help with the feelings. I am a Combat Vet with PTSD it is not easy to loose everything. My heart goes out to you. Be careful around the debris. I can't work on cleanup very long as the batterys and chemicals can make you sick. My toolboxes were all stuck shut also. Looks just like yours on the inside. I had multiple Milwaukee power tools. All were burnt.
Keep your head up!! From what I've seen and heard you have a nation wide family!! We are here to help our family when they are in need!!
I saw this too many times to count throughout my career as a firefighter, so glad to see ya'll understand the blessing you have, you still have each other safe, sound, and together, God Bless
Where is the  go fund thing at I can't find it. I want to help out
Best advice I can give is to hire a public adjuster. The insurance company adjuster works for the insurance company. I was robbed and it’s hard to come up with a list and then they question everything. So, get an adjuster to help you with the list. I’m sorry you are going through this but I know you will rebuild better than you were.
This was hard to watch. I hurt for you all. Thoughts and prayers for you all. Glad no one was hurt. It will take time, hard work, and a lot of money, but things can be replaced. Lives can't, so look on the bright side and be thankful everyone is safe.
😭
🥲
let me know when u r ready to pour a new concrete slab, im serious. im a youtuber that does concrete videos. i will help u for free labor to pour a new shop slab, so hopefully it helps build u guys back up
Bless your heart Mr and Mrs Gentry
Mark my words investigation is coming and there's going to be some things that come out that people's going to be shocked by especially YouTube viewers that thought they knew who this guy was but they don't
hate this but your snapon wrench's and tools at least you can send them off to be re chromed if you chose to do so! i would proably send the impact socket to be powder coated but yeah it would even having to think about it!
Keep your head up you’ll get through it 🙏prayers going out for your family
I live in Oregon and my prayers go out to you and your family I love watching your videos and I'm very sorry that that had happened to you guys
LOVE YOU BROTHER. !! ❤️🥰❤️😃    ❤️🙏✝️🙏❤️.   YOU .... WILL COME BACK STRONGER. AND. BETTER THAN  BEFORE ..  ALL THE GOOD  YOU HAVE DONE FOR OTHERS. IS  AND WILL CONTINUE TO COME BACK TO YOU   100X. FOLD .   WE OUT HERE. AROUND THIS COUNTRY  HAVE YOU IN OUR PRAYERS .  GOD ✝️. WON'T FORGET A GREAT MAN LIKE YOU ..    MUCH. LOVE AND LITE .  YOUR BROTHER  CHRIS  S.  😃❤️🙏✝️🙏❤️
Give all your worries and cares to God, for He cares about you.  8 Stay alert! Watch out for your great enemy, the devil. He prowls around like a roaring lion, looking for someone to devour.  9 Stand firm against him, and be strong in your faith. Remember that your Christian brothers and sisters [i]   all over the world are going through the same kind of suffering you are.  10 In His kindness God called you to share in His eternal glory by means of Christ Jesus. So after you have suffered a little while, He will restore, support, and strengthen you, and He will place you on a firm foundation.  11 All power to Him forever! Amen.
.
I’m praying for you and your family, Tim. You said “Everything happens for a reason “ and that’s absolutely true. If you trust in the Lord, He will make it all work together for your good. Romans 8:28. At times it’s hard to see how that’s possible, but it’s true nonetheless. I will keep you in my prayers.
Know we love you guys and want and are helping in many ways !👍🏻😎🦅🇺🇸
Braxton you are an amazing young man. You see the positive in all things. So dang proud of you. Blessings to you and family.
Someone around you started this fire. Someone who complains a lot.
You've got your work cut out for you Tim.   Take the best inventory you can, down to the last nut and bolt.  You'll need it.  Write EVERYTHING down!  Even if you, eventually, type up a list -KEEP THE ORIGINAL, HAND WRITTEN LIST.  Been there, done that.  You'll need it!  Prayers to you & your family! 🙏
god bless you guys and you guy will get through this and I know your brother understands it wasn't your fault
I bet vice grip garbage offered to help. Don’t forget about Derek
Tip To get the ash ( all the mess that was previously truck parts and fluids ) off   use laundry detergent and baking soda  Speaking from experience  I helped my brother clean up aft his truck burned down last summer  Some hand tools may be still good definitely pull out the tool boxes, hopefully some can be salvaged Hopefully some of your great grandfathers ( I think)  tools can be salvaged
I’m so sad that im up in Alberta Canada and can’t really do much for you, i have an 07 pete 378 that isn’t too pretty but i wish i could bring it down to help you out to let you use it if you needed it. Such a terrible thing, we’re always scared of fires in our farm shop as well. I follow you everyday, it’s a horrible thing. Glad you and your family are okay though
ohhh man this is just horrible... but i know yall will get through it and come out even better.. will just take time..
You have two choices. You can either throw in the towel and give up on the business, or,  rebuild from the ground up. I know which I'd like to see you do. Rebuild. You have the support, it's possible. It'll be fine, you'll get it sorted. Much love to you all.
HI TIM AND FAMILY..WECARE SOOO VERY SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS... .WE PRAY GOD RESTORES ALL THATS BEEN LOST IN THAT AWFUL FIRE..STAY STRONG BROTHER... TURN AROUND IS COMING... GET READY... GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY... FROM SOUTH AFRICA..
sorry brother
God got ur back men I believe in u God will help you along the way just keep your head up men & sorry to hear that what happened god bless
The magnesium used to make those impact tools and other tools is the reason everything is melted so bad. Magnesium burns crazy hot and is damn near impossible to put out with water. Sorry for yalls loss
WHAT NEIGHBOR?? I'm driving down to find out right now Fuck that loser who called on yall.  They probably started the fire
All the people that spread in the rumors about insurance fraud don't worry about it Tim there's always haters out there somewhere don't let that bother you keep your head up stay strong and we're all here for you God bless you all
All my prayers 🙏 🙌  to you Guys sad to see things like this happening to Great people like we Jamaicans like to say this too shall pass and your come back will be greater.. God got you just keep your heads up and even tho its overwhelming right now you will be back up and going in no time ⏲️
Make sure next shop has sprinkler systems and an fire alarm system or some type of fire suppression system
You're in my prayers and hopefully this will get resolved quickly one bright side of all of your videos that you go back through them you'll be able to see what some things are be able to write it down easier good luck if I lived closer I would be happy to help you good luck in God's grace
When we had our shop fire we didn't have A fraction of insurance. The insurance man said they needed a list of tools and we said what 4 things do you want to cover because we was like you and had to many high dollar tools. The only thing a little different is we had a lot of customers trucks in the shop. And as bad as the fire was you will never know what started it. Man I feel for you that bring back bad memories of our shop fire. You will miss things for years that you will have forgotten about.
Prayers and hopes from wa
You , your family and employees are in our thoughts and prayers. Hang in there Tim .Dig deep pal cause it will take a while to assess and resolve with insurance. Very sad that now you will find out what kind of insurance company you signed on with.🙏
Wow ge going through comments deleting them. He that nervous.  Keep sending people with money money lol insurance plus gofundme. Couple videos from now watch the new shit they buy lollll
This is the first video you have done that I did not love to see I'm very sorry my friend I love you guys God bless you
PRAYERS
Did you have insurance that's the good thing though at least you can rebuild and rise up again  People are throwing lots of money into the GoFundMe so that should help too slowly but surely  Sucks did happen but look when it did so close to the new year maybe you can look at it as a new beginning.  What was the cause originally did you find out?
Oil dry =kitty litter half the cost
Do you know what caused it yet?
im sorry for your loss steve is on his way
Sorry to learn that just about everything is gone, you have worked so hard to build the business. one thing.. wear gloves as there's lots of toxic elements on everything after burning, much love to you all from Wales UK 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿❤️🙏.
I do believe When you pay forward, you will receive what you paid out 10 fold in love and support ❤
He checking comments 2
Keep your head held high and take it one day at a time....things will fall into place.....you will rebuild and it will be better, just different.
If you need help keeping trucks on the road I’m more then willing to donate my time, knowledge, tools and service truck to help make sure your trucks stay on the road.
Don't forget you were denied entry to your property to save your stuff by decision of the state fire dept. Hire a private, non local, fire investigation company Show your footage plus everything. Those doors could have opened.
This spring is Florida fans if y'all ever need anything just to give us a shout and you just don't let The chain of Love and with you
What about all your DOT records, did you loose office and merch?
Tim. Look into getting conex boxes and turning a few of them into a temp solution on the other property to get tools and storage to work out of. Yes it's somewhat cheap to set up. But it's a start. It also let's you re organize everything and isolate things as needed. 4 cans and a built canopy for a shop pit will be what I'd look into
Whatever you do, don't speculate about the cause of your fire anywhere in public. Any of that can be used as admissible evidence in court should it ever come to that. You're 100% correct in letting the professionals handle it
Hey see if Milwaukee will warranty or replace your tools. I send them a Facebook message and email. I bet the more people who send this to them would help.
All the dodgy shit you do! You do not deserve anything! You should be ashamed looking in the mirror! The truth will come out!
My fire dept sent you guys $6,000
People are so ridiculous to throw accusations around they only throw that around because that's something they would likely do that's what the world does today Project what they do on the other people God bless you guys you and your family Tim keep your heads up
So sad to see Tim, thoughts and prayers to you and the family. The tools alone is a significant loss but you guys lost a whole shop and memorable you can't put a price on that. I've lost a toolbox and tools in a fire and you forget so much stuff just take your time and if you have tool receipts that'll help. Praying for y'all. Be strong Gentry Strong.🙏🇺🇸🇺🇸🤙
i think you should buy another building im not a 100% sure but i think with how high shit is now it might be better to buy a new shop but sorry for your lose guy's you will pull through for sure.
Please please please invest in a sprinkler system when you rebuild.
I'm sorry that happened to u but keep ur heads up it will get better I promise
Tim you know Toad/ dale will help.
Ive seen a half dozen shop fires in the past couple weeks attributed to cordless tool batteries left on a charger catching on fire
Prayers for your family
I feel for you. Had my shop burn April 16 2016. If you have good insurance I’d say take the money and do something else.
I can only offer my support to your family because there won't be enough shirts we buy that could begin to cover the mountain y'all all are facing in the aftermath. I know you are a strong family and I know in my heart the depression must be overwhelming, but what you have is a strong family who you can fall back on who will be stronger as a unit as a result of this. I just hope you know there's many people who are thinking about you and your family and what we can do to help you out. But like you said, the fire marshal has to make the final determination before anything can go forward so I'm awaiting that before I do anything myself because I want to know for certain this was a freak accident because anything else other than what I'm hoping will have me thinking what country do we really have left to be Christian patriots who are trying to regrow the broken backbone of our communities.
I feel bad about what happened. Did your fire truck come thru it?
with insurance, donations it should work out reasonable
You can now rebuild the shop that you want look at it that way. You guys are amazing and you guy will come out of this stronger and better.
It amazing to see your dad tell stories & smile. He lost so much, but still is willing to start over again. Hug him
This news has put me on the edge of my seat... and I feel for you big time.  If thoughts and prayers could do the trick, you'd be sitting pretty...  It seems that nearly EVERY ONE of your followers/subscribers are sending them your way.  Please continue to keep us informed.  We are eager to see you work thru this with your customary penache and get back on your feet.
I seen one of your trucks pulling out of the big truck stop in oak Grove Missouri with a load of boats glad to see yall still running loads and getting it done.
Tim  stay strong God will help you through this we're praying for you and your family
it So Sad to see this whole video wow Sorry for Ur Loss My Heart is Very Very Heavy Watching this
Why would the neighbor call the epa after all y’all just went thru
YouTube devil struck again….. leave that comment open for everyone’s interpretation
Seeing the tool boxes really hurt me, a lifetime worth of tools seems impossible to replace but the lord will bless y'all. I’m sure  I’m praying for yall
I’m sorry tim..  my heart goes out to you an your family.. you all put your hard work an soul into that place. I be praying you an the fam over come this quickly as possible an get all this mess behind y’all.  Love ya buddy an keep ya head up!
As a fire victim myself, I can understand the feelings you are going through right now.  I had many parts and tools for working on vehicles myself.  Some were handed down from my dad and grandfather.   We lost home, garage, and  54 Ford pu.  Had to relocate from Ca to Texas. You will be taken care of by insurance, it'll just take forever!  Be safe.
My heart is heavy, watching this video broke me. I can only pray that a miracle happens and ur up and running again real soon. May God Bless You and your family. Your fans , friends and families (personal, professional and YouTube) love u. Keep positive and HE🙏will get you through this.
An insurance scam where you are loosing your shirt. People are so mean spirited now in days. Its really insane how people think that insurance will cover the entire loss. Unbelievable how people can just assume the worst.
Wow nobody seen this one coming huh? New shop was coming. Then uh oh old shop with our older shit has all went up in fire. Gofund me money please that they already have. Someone drop a match? So people are sending all this money plus they getting insurance money lol
So sorry I'm sick myself looking at all those ruined parts
Did you find where the fire started? Such a devastating loss for your family but you will rise out of the ashes and forge ahead. Good luck from us here in Australia. 🤞🏻🫶🏻
Sending you much love from dawsonville Georgia and prayers I myself have been through two different fires no one was hurt that's the main thing.. keep your head up with a positive attitude you will be back in no time..
Prayers for yall.
You'll have to pick away at it one by one with the bobcat organized everything out in the parking lot.
Hey guys all your Australian fans are behind you you guys are awesome
I just want to say that my heart goes out to you and your family this is one minor speed bump in the road keep your guys's heads high I keep praying for you guys you'll pull through this because you have a lot of friends and let a loved ones that are there beside you I'm all the way up here in New York and I'm thinking of you guys and praying for you guys God bless
Sorry for your loss of shop prayer go out
Y'all are amazing family. We will keep spreading the word for to people to keep helping y'all. Your a Amazing Couple!!
You have something better then this shop……. Watch your own video…. You and you.  I am assuming your dad…. Sharing memories…. You have so much….
Tim I noticed you parked the trailers and 2 other trucks across the street from your shop and you have your onsite diesel there, why dont you build your new shop there? also have you ever thought of having a prefab building, its much cheaper then building a shop, you go online and order a building they deliver it and set it up in one day
I know exactly what your dad is talking about I had a bunch of my Grandpa's tools in my truck and got my truck stolen a few years after he passed and they meant the world to me at the time I didn't even care about the truck it could have been replaced but not those tools and the memories.
Hard to watch. Good luck, Tim.
Way to stay positive you guys rock !!! look at the bright side at least the dozer is ok. Braxton you are the man.  Great  Vid Loved every min!
Brother you have already paid it back, now it’s our turn! Your are handling this like a rockstar man. I know alot of people that this would have cracked. You may be shook but you damn sure haven’t cracked. Tim keep grinding and I promise you will come back from this. It absolutely breaks my heart to see how hard your lady is taking this, but with your go get ‘em attitude and your work ethic I can tell you’re not going to let this break her either. Keep your head and chin up bro and keep pushing forward. I’m sure there are going to be setbacks, stuff that is going to make you want to throw in the towel, but keep fighting man! You have a hell of a fan base and if you need something, all you gotta do is put out that call and we got you! I wish there was more I can do besides words and money, that’s for damn sure.
Faith in God is your insurance!  He Moves Mountains! And, Delivers Rainbows!    Love and praying for you all! 😘🤗
Salvage what you can and keep your nose to the grind stone that's all you can do
Tim I wish I could be able to help but I'm struggling as well I'm so sorry for your loss on your property but thank God you and your family are safe and alive
Sorry to hear about your loss with your shop Tim I hope everything works out for you let's just see what it brings come back strong and hold your head up stronger and then watch over your dad I remember you in my prayers God bless you guys
I am praying for you guys I love you guys
So so Damn hard to watch with out crying .Daddy got me with the memories..I wish I could help my pockets are empty.iam sorry guy's.
It’s your life
Only one thing to do now - get to work rebuilding.
My prayers go out to you
Focus on what you can do not on what you can't. Figure out what you have and you'll be surprised that you have way more than most.  Your in our prayers .
Sorry about the shop, tools, equipment and various cars/trucks lost. It was difficult hearing the devastation in your voice as your talking. You’ll get back stronger than ever
How can you dig around in there before the Insurance company is done or are they done
This is definitely will make you wanna cry, absolutely devastating please buy merch everyone
pause at 23:34 the wood is still standing!
Tim it was sad seeing you and your dad up set when you were at the shop. My heart go's out to you guys. God will bless you guy's . You guys are a awesome family and I appreciate you guys
It is too bad it happened to you , But my advice , clean it all up scrap all of it,  and build you another shop start all over again
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
All you can do now is call your friend who owns the scrap yard  And  Have him drop off some dumpsters And take inventory And put  A value on  it For the insurance company  and throw it in  the dumpster  Fires really suck
Hey Tim I forget your wife’s name I do apologize I’m watching this video and excuse me Tim but these people thinks it’s a scam and I’m talking to you ignorant people on here get a life and leave these freaking people alone sorry but this is ignorant why with him allow his shop to burn down or start the fire or somebody else I’ve been watching this man’s video for sometime he has priceless stuff inside there and we have ignorant people who have nothing better to do but insult me stupid sorry Tim somebody’s Gotta say it to the idiots but what I say to you and your wife God knows the circumstance your face and your prayers into his hand and he will guide you allow the Holy Spirit to comfort you he will make away for you to get back on your feet even better than before trust him because evil doesn’t care but the best part nobody got hurt and you still have your family and your children praying for you that God will fill you up with joy and peace while he takes care of this problem be abundantly blessed 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
Very sorry for the loss of your business
I don’t know y’all personally I watch your videos and I like your videos but that’s sucks what happened to y’all I would not wish that on anyone I’m really sorry what happened to y’all
With the size of your potential loss..... it's time to "lawyer up".
Tim did you lose the red XL classic that you just painted
Fortaleza  los  Dios 🙏
What caused the fire???
They not even emotionally upset.  All scam for  Money. You  people who spend your hard earned money are idiots just like them
Really? The Neighbor called the EPA before the smoldering was done? Might wanna look into them as a potential source of the fire if they snitched you out with the feds that fast. They obviously wanted you hurt and gone.
Speaking from experience. Be careful using any hand tools or sockets that were in the fire. The heat will take the temper out of the steel and make them soft and unusable. I would go through everything drawer by drawer and inventory everything for insurance. That was hard to watch, Tim.
I am just in complete and total shock at what happened. Yes, let the professionals come and do their thing. Find out what started the reaction rolling. I wish I was still working, and could give you more, but I'll still see what I can do. Prayers to you and your family. Please keep us all posted, but I'm sure you will....Rip
Craziness it is . Look at Tim's snap on counter from fire it looks like a coffin I look twice and shook my head. Thank God no one got hurt. Becareful in that mess
Sorry for y’all’s loss my prayers go out to you and your family and worker  but did you notice the cross that was burnt that was part of the shop it’s a sign god is watching over your family Tim y’all got this
I believe that Jesus will help you guys out take time it’s Jesus time I believe that it will go out his time
There aren’t enough cuss words to describe what happened
Better days ahead It's gonna be hard but in the end you'll be bigger and better.
find your memories and handed down tools etc. and try to find someone that can clean'em up. I hope you can.
donated!
As devastating and heart breaking as this whole situation has been on all you guys, ten years from now you'll look back at this video and be talking about how y'all rebuilt everything and came back better than ever! Screw the haters Tim! You guys just lost more than they'll ever have or be and they're just jealous of you!
I’m glad Brax is taking everything okay. And y’all willl rebuild bigger and better!
I'm glad you wife are ok safe
Between the YouTube trucking community, The Boston trucker, ect. And your subscribers, fans. You should be able to get back at it. But it will take a minute or two. Like your opening,you said you don't wish this on anyone.  But question, are there a fire investigation going to happen? If so I wouldn't disturb to much so they can figure out how it started. Know what I mean. Sorry for your loss boys.
I will help u happy new year 2023 I'm very saddest ur shop I respect u guys I'll 🙏 you thank u what u do
Just keep your head up God don't bless you one way or another gosh you're a good man and it's be strong be positive keep God on your side
Just keep your trust in the Lord and not doubt him. It may be his plan for bigger and better things for this year.
I'm curious to what started it... maybe a lithium battery ?
hope yall had good insurance. praing for yall
😎. So very sorry that happened . It’s awesome to see people come together and help !
To anyone saying this is an insurance scam, shame on you. Even if there was no sentimental value to this stuff, it is not likely they will have enough insurance to cover their whole loss.
I have been watching your channel for years your family are Fighters you will bounce back it'll all come back to you peace
Inside job. If ya know you know.  Anything for views and $!
To the Gentry family 🙏 My heart goes out to you. You are blessed to have a great following of people to help you.I wish you the best to make a full recovery from this fire 🙏I wish I could help somehow
We've got you guys in are prayers an stand behind you an the G and S family
I would definitely pull those motors out and inspect them thoroughly. Depending on how hot the fire was those blocks may be good still. I saw that one cracked block but not all of them may be like that. I'd pull them along with the all the heads you have and get em covered. I don't know if insurance will cover those or not but it's a thought
Tim thanks for taking us to the shop so we could see the damage.
Man what a heartbreaker. Watching you guys look through the rubble. I’m sorry this happened to you Tim and to your family and employees.
I never knew Chinese tools turned into Snap On tools when heated.
Sorry lost  ur best ill help u guys
You alredy paid it forward. What you give always comes back. You are what the Trucking Industry was, and needs to be again. The lost memories will hurt for a while, but everyone is still there to make new ones
Hi tim all the best to you and your family I you guys get back on your feet soon
Man you kno you set that GADDAMN SHOP ON FIRE 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
So sorry to hear about the fire.it make me sick to my stomach .
mix cheap kitty litter with oil dry. its goes MUCH farther
I am so sorry for that it was for that i will do anything to do anything to help you all as much as I can when I get paid
SPRINKLER SYSTEM IN THE NEXT SHOP WHLOULD BE GREAT... LOVE YA ALL... SENDING TONS OF LOVE.. HOPE ALL IS WELL..
Anyone saying it’s a scam is people from today’s generation and wasn’t brought up right
Tomas Edison’s lab burnt down when he was 67, the fire was so huge he told his son, “go get your mother , she will never see another fire this big”!  He started rebuilding with his employees the next morning.  He rebuilt and you will too. God bless you and your family!
Very sorry,good luck.
shit is heartbreaking
Damn man sorry for the terrible lose. The main thing is no one got hurt or died in the fire.
Sorry to see this brother!! I’ll be praying god restores it for your family and yourself.
So sorry guys we will keep you in prayers 🙏🙏🙏 commit to the lord in all your plans an you shall succeed proverbs 16:3 hope you well
Tell Braxton he is a superstar.
Hey Gentry & Son's Trucking I wanted to remind you to tell the wife a permanent frown is something she could try to avoid. Seems he lips naturally frown. Smiling more would fight this but she'd have to cognitively fight the Perma frown.  Not hating just saying. I'm sorry for your fire loss man.
I’m so sorry for your loss you will pull through keep your heads up guys
Tim god bless you an your family if there is anything I can do for you all let me no I have been praying 😢😢
Im so sorry for all of this but God has a reason for you and it's to made you better than ever. With your permission I would like to ask around up in my area of Ohio to see if I can get you donations I will keep you in my prayers
As hot as them tool boxes got either them lith ion batteries is the origin of  this mess or they sure as heck made everything exponentially worse. I think most people just glance over all the warnings and caution labels and proper charging, storage ,use etc. because thankfully there are not as many of them blowing up n causing serious damage as there could be like when the Samsung phones has their hiccups and were no longer allowed on airplanes. Most batteries appear harmless enough and until you see one explode and see how immediately white hot that fire is with your own eyes people will still be sleeping with their charging phone inches away from their face and batteries over charging on their toolboxes in their shops. All they new boxes have all kinds of built in power strips and charging ports hopefully they start putting that stuff in an overbuilt fire safe on the side of the box like the type of cabinet that flammable materials have to be stored in
Can't believe people would call EPA at a time luke this. Stay strong.
Sorry for your loss, but on the up side. You'll most likely be able to rebuild to some degree.while that's happening remember all the things you didn't care for about the facility. And make the appropriate changes. Your going to come back better than ever. Couple of years from now you'll realize, that although this is extremely stressful. The fire was a good thing. God luck, be safe, God bless you all.
that's hart breaking but you know you put out good into the world and the world will give you good back try Dennis Collins coffee walk he might be able to help you find a mustang like the one your brother lost
I’m having to buy merchandise from another guys YouTube channel because I don’t have any other social media platform like instagram..
Listening to your dad tell about how he started out at a lean to at his parents place is priceless..I see why you are so grounded. I see you coming back better than ever, may the Lord give you the firm faith you need to move forward.
Nice Neighbors to call on you :( Was that cabover the one you just got painted ?
Let the professionals come in and do what they need to do. Then let all of us YouTubers know so we will know what help/donations you all need.  Be thankful no one was in the shop when this happened. Material things can be replaced. People can’t. You all are in my prayers.
This happened to another YouTuber last year. Looks similar to his fire. Do you know what caused the fire? Or what area it originated?
Can you do a walk around and show all the trucks that got burnt?
That really sucks that all of your hard work burnt down to the ground. You should went over the trucks. I wish I could donate but I'm a broke 17 year old. Here's your chance to grow. Better then ever.
Good luck guys. I will be praying for yall, very much love to yall.
Awful news Tim, I’m praying for you all. One thing is the greatest over sight is nobody got kind or hurt by the grace of God. Amen.  The sentimental value will stay in you thoughts and memories, and blogs. Material things can be replaced and built back up.   May God guide you and watch over all affected by this awful incident, may Lord Jesus guide your strength and strengthen your health and bring a calm love over you all. In Jesus name amen 🙏   Jon in the UK
Sendin prayers your way !!!
Tim my family’s gone thru a similar event and after losing our whole shop and 9 late model Pete’s and Kw’s all big engine mainly c16 two with c18 insurance doesn’t pay near enough well now our shop   Has fire suppression and nothing is stored in one building the main thing our insurance pointed out store everything separated so our engines and transmissions extra arts are in containers each is separated by 3 feet and a I beam welded to the ceiling so we can roll a engine or trans to it’s home
"Ive been in that shop since I was Braxton's age." That made me tear up hearing how long that place has been your family's business and everything sentimental that was lost in the fire. Big hug Tim!  stay strong!
The good lord only closes doors once he opens another! You just have to persevere and be willing to walk thru that door. You will be back bigger than ever Tim and family! I feel it in my heart.
My prayers go out to you and your family and crew. You will be better than ever after that it said in done in 96 I lost my home to a house fire
I didn't realize you all was from Monroe County Tennessee. I'm originally from Madisonville. I'm sorry for what you all are going through. Prayers.
Praying 🙏 for you guys. You will be back up soon.
Sorry to hear man
This was really hard to watch but as we all know you will make a full come back and than some
Get cat litter and it will do the same as the regular oil dry does.
Man there was a whole lot of heat in that building for sure. Guys I wish nothing but the best for you all. No doubt you all will come back better and stronger than before. I know it don’t seem like it right now but keep your head up and keep up the great work and stay safe and keep warm!!!
I can't offer any financial help right now but just wanted send well wishes and thank the lord no one got hurt. I know material things sometimes have sentimental value but the true value is yalls heart and good health. This time next year yall will look back at this as a chance to do it better and build it better. Take care.
Hold your head strong boys you know it's going to get better like you said you've been at the bottom you get back to the top again God bless
COME ON TT tools step up and donate
I'm a home improvement contractor . This is all a tragedy  but  everything happens for a reason. If this insurance company does  hold up to there part I would def promote that company  because In my trade fighting these insurance companies is a fencing match 🤺   but naked...    and what miserable  POS nabors.!!!!
Y’all are in our thoughts and prayers! It’s breaks my heart to see the sadness in you and your dad talking about all the sentimental items that are not replaceable. I can’t imagine what y’all are going through, God bless y’all!!
I feel so bad for all of you. I know you will rebuild and recover from this, but it still sucks. I can't wait to see you come back bigger and better
I might’ve missed it if you said it but was Westins truck in the building?
Even though money is tight I will be donating
I live in Johnson City, but I have to work in Sweetwater this week. If I see you out and about, I'll be glad to give you a little drop in the donation bucket. Keep your heads up my friends.
God's speed and were all sorry to you and all of your family. Thoughts and prayers bro
Well the memories didnt burn away Sorry fellas my hart hurts for you
Document the contents  Receipts if possible !!
Arson
Hey man im sorry for all that you have lost and that I was a full-time firefighter and EMS out of Columbus Ohio and step down from my job after 9/11/2001 now I live here in Celina Tennessee for about 8 years now I'm on disability plus I work on a farm and Pest control business but I'm here for you and your family and stay strong keep your head up high think good things not negative things I just wanted to say that if I had some money I'd send it to you but I don't right now but if I do I will or I'd get something from your merch
hey tim and wife  dad i am praying for all are great people keep ur head up i think u will come back better than ever
Sorry lost
Just trust in the good Lord and he will provide 🙏
Tim so sorry for your loss but I no God will help you out of this situation love yull old boy form old  FAT CAT
Who the heck calls the EPA on someone like that? Your neighbors got something out for you?
I know it is hard but we don’t have the money to help but i believe in prayer and the lORD has a plan. Thankful no one was hurt, i know broke hearts are there remember but remember GOD has a plan for you and yours.
Tim I'm not able to donate or buy merch. But I promise I'm praying for you all. I've been there and lost everything. The come back will be stronger then ever.
God bless ya'll, sending prayers
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Sorry for yalls loss
"Entrust your efforts to the lord and he will see you through" Proverbs 16:3. That's my business, well life motto. He can take the biggest mess and turn it into the biggest message. Might not look like it now, but I'm confident this will turn into something wayy better! Yall will continue to be in my prayers.
Wow brother your voice and the look on your dad's face I broke down wow. Couldn't amagin what y'all's going through. I'm retired  nothing to do so when it's time to clean up / rebuild hollor there's a lot of us volunteers that's willing to come and help brother God bless y'all
What year was the mustang, if I might ask?
Holy cow I'm so sorry
I’ve been watching your videos for a long time and to see how many people you have helped over the years this is a major but minor set back for a greater comeback you guys and gal’s deserve nothing but the best and trust me every thing from this point forward will be amazing your blessing are coming now so keep your heads up because everything going to be all right love ❤️
You need to find a shop that isn't right off the dam highway.
Can't believe the Karen's you have next door, the fire was barely out and they were  allready calling the epa and trying to start issues
Hopefully the adjuster gets out their quick while all the tools and parts you guys had are fresh in your heads. Might be a good idea to start writing down everything you guys can possibly think of that was in there.
We still praying for all of y'all
& f.y.i no insurance scam would or could ever be worth what this company has lost & its like Tim gentry said himself:: God has a reason 4 every thing !!!!
Dont take this wrong way tim Video clip 21:15 But roosters motor God was telling you not that one even though it look good it was going to implode explode if you ran it Gods showing you the cracks in your life Roosters motor should have been able to hold up  Not the plastics but motor itself  Start pulling tools out that you can Get yourself a enclosed trailer and make a mobile shop keeping all your things in there  Seperate motors and trans to seperate trailer  It may look bad but you are ok and will do well These things comes in three's so prepare for next two to come
Your neighbors must not like you if they called the EPA. what bull crap.
Is sure was nice of your neighbors to call the epa for you
When the Lord shuts a window he opens a door, Tim.. I have a feeling great things are coming your way!! Let your friends help as much as they can.. it's time for you to be blessed .
Sometimes we don’t know why thing happens.   Later on all we be good , things get better.
My thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family.
We'll be waiting to hear you from your jail cell
I think this is a crime scene and should be treated as such.
Sawdust guys! Start ripping some logs and use sawdust to soak up the oil.
This is devastating 😢 💔. God knows that if I had the money, I'd build a new shop for you. I'd replace everything you lost and then more. My heart bleeds for you, your brother, father and employees. All I can do is send prayers. May God bless you all with something much better. 🙏 Love you all there.
My whole box of Snap On.....LOL
If I have to leave Mississippi to help build let me know I'll bring a entire construction crew with me
Yes it's tough; yet keep the Faith; You All are ok; Your Home; The Love among you all and Blessings will come..
When you said " I will never put all my stuff in one spot" I felt that.. 😔 This will change you but good will come of this
We’re all very very sorry that you guys have to go through this Tim. You your family and your crew are a true pillar of the trucking community in this country, as well as what it means to be an American and follow that dream, it was really awesome to see your dad smile.
🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Best of luck to you sir!! You deserve so much, keep your head up!! 🤘
Good luck Tim on the rebuilding. I heard you mention FSC/Steve. I saw his video earlier about him packing a bag and running down to you.
Insurance is gonna be such a big claim...best to just claim it all as urs if ur guys had stuff in the building happen to a friend of mine his guys tools where not coverd so they were not gonna get paid unless he said it was all his
Sorry I can't help you at this time I'm sorry for what happened and these idiots saying a scam they need to just go away I know you would never destroy your business that you work so hard for
This is so sad to watch. I’m so so sorry for you alls devastating loss.
Never been through a fire myself, but have seen the aftermath of one, many times.  Working as an electrician, at a previous job, I was involved with putting the electrical back together after fires.  I’d get to install temporary power immediately after the fire, to better facilitate cleanup.    As you said, Tim, wouldn’t wish a fire on my worst enemy.  It’s not fun now, but God does have a plan, and you’ll ultimately come out stronger because of this.
Keep your head up as much as you can this sucks but you can get through it
This sucks,always happens to the good folks.  After looking this looks like one of those get a front end loader, a few dump trucks and start chucking.
Damn I gotta hand it to you Timmy you keep setting up all these tragedies and still buffalo people into sending you money. I can't send any but after the investigation is all done I'll be happy to send you an orange jumpsuit and some soap on a rope
That’s enough to make a grown man cry.
This is so sad you will come back 100 Times better
I donated what I could to your PayPal. God bless and be strong.
I love you if I could be there to help I would I  love you and your wife and your dad I lots of love From Ashland ohio
My prayers are with you guys
Phoenix  will rise from the ashes .keep your  head up high
Stay strong
My prayers are going out for you
Hey guys. I REALLY feel for you. What a horrible thing. Of COURSE it's raining when you come look at the place. I don't know what you guys are gonna do.....
Thankfully no one was hurt.
you got you health and life thats the most important thing , you was talking about getting newer trucks and such , look at this as a clean slate
Y’all should make tables out of the engines and parts.
Man, you should go to church every Sunday and get on you knees and praise God!!!!   You still have everything important, think about it everything that is important wasn’t touched. Your family and your work family. Praise God. And now you get to be gracious receiving. Yes Tim your brothers and sisters in Christ get to help you. That’s what we are supposed to do help each other. Keep your chin up. Your going to be okay. Just pay attention to father God Tim he loves you and kept you and your beautiful family alive and well through this terrible fire.
Thank you for keeping GOD in your troubles. HE has an ans, just keep the FAITH.
But seriously everything is lost its heat treatment
Sending my prayers to your family. Believe it. This is going to make you stronger.
Every thing can be replaced all that matters is no one got hurt. Look at your son and listen to him there is always a silver lining in anything.
What did the fire inspector say? Does he was arson ruled out?
Keep us updated Tim!
Maybe a little paint in Polish Will bring everything back
I am bummed over the yellow cabover gone. Wish it was still sitting out in the field.
so sorry about this tragedy! it makes me SOO mad the neighbor called the epa on you what a D*ck
I live really close to a truck salvage yard you are welcome to come stay at my house to try and find somethings that you can find to help replace some or all hopefully that you lost please come to Waxahachie TX You Definitely Have a place to stay
get all them milwaukee tools togther they should warranty them you will get built back up bigger better and stronger in Jesus name
My thoughts are with you and the family Tim
Time for a new beginning ….
That engine block can be welded up and be just fine.
People who say this is a insurance scam. Yea pretty sure Rooster would of been moved. Mustang, Harley, Fairlane, Rooster's engine was in that shop also. Some have no idea.
It looks like arson
You guys should build a truck out of burnt parts sorry this happened praying for your family
Tim, how is Braxton doing? Did his company have a loss?
I’ll bet your insurance treats you good. Takes awhile but it will work out. Good lords right there to calm you.
I'm sorry this happened to you guys. I can feel the heartbreak as you and your dad talk. Remember your roots as you go through this. You guys know what to do. You've already done it.. Trust in God and keep moving Brother!!!
This is such a scam 😂 I will not donate a penny 😉
The lady who hated the whole you tube thing is sure liking it now!!
Tim I am so sorry that I had happened to you a nice guy like you losing everything I just don't understand it it hurts me deep down inside it I'll try to help do what I can to help you
Scam artist turned into insurance fraud artist. New channel, second GoFundMe already. What a joke
Breaks my heart to hear your dad talk about the memories
not the first time that building has caught on fire when it was a tractor store it burnt years ago
Y’all going to have to put a Phoenix on your logo after this is behind you.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you Tim and family. If we can help just let us know.
sorry for your loss of your business and I hope you can recover from the fire and at least you guys doing not get hurt from the fire
Everything happens for a reason brother. Hang in there, you will bounce back bigger and better than before.
I hope that it gets better for you soon. Please be respectful to them if you can't get out
Tim.  I bought a 'murica shirt and donated $30 to the go fund me.  It was the best I could do.  Stay strong keep making videos!  I wish I could do more.
Where did it start ? So sorry to see your lost !
New to your channel,my heart breaks for you all!!I pray you all get back to rolling again!!Great to see so many people helping out!You all will be in my prayers!
i hope u get  back,sorry for your trouble
Again sorry for what happened to you and your family and your business God's always going to open another door for you I will say a prayer amen
breaks my heart !!!
To u and your family I just want to wish u I felt so bad after I watched that vid f the fire Ik the lord is with your family and business will come out of the ashes like a phoenix
I know y’all will make it out of this! You’ll come back better than ever. Y’all are too good of people not to! Keep your head high and know that the rebuild will be slow at first but the end result will be all worth it!   Good bless y’all!
Tim, dig deep this is an opportunity. Bigger, better and with style. Sorry for your loss and god will provide!
Prayers for y’all!!! Wish I could help physically and financially, but can’t now, and grateful for those who are blessed to help.  I’m looking forward to seeing y’all being carried through this.
Tim all your burt stock of merchandise ie engines tools everything will come back even better my good friend Tim. I know its heart breaking rite now, but can I say this to you my friend time will bring back every thing your family has lost. But I promise you time will bring back better things please stay strong & I promise you rite now, this time nk year will be a more better place so all your dreams will soon be back on track. So chin up Tim & your cool clever dad time will surely bring back some sort of goodness but will never bring back passed memories. Just stay strong & when you get your new shop perhaps you can put something up in your new place so you can still remind you of your passed memories. But most importantly keep looking towards the future & bring your dreams come true.
Tim what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger just keep looking forward don’t look back I hate fing people say insurance it will never pay for it all when our house burnt as a child people around town told my dad you did a good job like we did it invegester ruled electric was the cause . It’s not going to be easy but you don’t let this beat you you will be back
What caused the fire?
I will be praying for you your family 👪.  Have me from Kitchener Ontario Canada.  God will work for you.
I hope you can get insurance moving as fast as fucking possible to keep you guys moving forward. Insurance is ALWAYS the hardest fight. Insurance's job is to replace what you have insured, but they'll always do their best not to give that money where it's due
Thnx god for everything  That’s what I always I say
Wow, that's tough for sure! So sorry that happened to you guys. Prayers to you and the family.
U need to pull the ruble out of there then pull the big parts out and diagnose it then the clean up
Tim I'm so sorry for your loss it looks to me like at least $300,000 dollars or better in parts, tools, and equipment along with trucks and cars!!! We will all stand beside you so don't worry so much! I know it's easy to say especially thing you have like your dads motorcycle and devins car that can't be replaced!!! Prayers to you and your family at this time!!! Good people like you guy's deserve help because you help others!!!!
You need to go back through your old footage of your videos so you can try and figure out what is missing.
How are your sons trucks
You’ll definitely come back MILLION TIMES harder
If you were behind on bills that's a huge red flag to investors
Let's get can't even look at the camera I give you a straight ass story You could tell hes just lying You know if they say when a man can't look you straight in the eyes and give you a story it's bullshit
karma goes both ways.  I wish I could help but my fixed income is tight. I can watch you videos.
My prayers are with u and your family you all can do it have fath
Can’t ever replace the memories
ive watched some of ur videos and have subscribed  i hope u all keep up try look foward to the future i no it dont look good at the moment but u will pull tho it and we all surport you x
Everyone on weekend crew at O'Reilly's you came to today says hopefully everything works out
I know there is nothing that I could say but I just what to remind you to just breathe it will take time and everything will work out.
That was one HOT 🔥 fire
I smell fraud you did it for the money and to film it.
Praying for your family 🙏🙏🙏🙏❤️
There's a youtuber Robby Layton in Utah his body shop burned a couple of years ago he rebuild bigger and better God has bigger plans for you and family thank God no one was hurt.
This sucks im so sorry to hear this but God will be with u promise it will get better I will buy as much as I can
Tim don't listen to the haters!! Bad breeds bad!! An it begs to stick around!! Your good people and you breed good and it's showing quite clearly with all the love and kindness your now receiving ❤️ im devastated foe what's happened, im a big big fan from LIVERPOOL UK ❤️❤️❤️😜👍
Tim just keep your belief and Faith in your Creator and all will work out, GOD BLESS😇🕊🙏
here is a bad shocker for you the stuff you got from all the other places if you don't have a receipt they will not pay for those.
Any ford Fairlane restoration services  help get Fairlane back
Prayers for your family keep your head up out of a fire rises the Phoenix better than ever good luck Gentry Family you will be back better then ever
The Toyota will fire right up.
Insurance scam Just like the house bullshit  They got him a new house built for free Well hell yeah let's try it on the garage now When the truth comes out Mr. Tim will be going to jail for a scam To get a new shop built for free Going to have a lot of haters out there for this comment but it's the truth We will see When it's done and over with and Tim's going to jail for fraud
If you need anything I'm a message away brother I'll get in the truck to get to u brother us truck drivers gotta stick together holler at me if u need anything brother
Love you .
What was the cause of your shop fire 🔥? So sorry for your loss of your business 😭😭
I've seen just on social media the beating other youtubers are getting for not jumping up to help.  #1 there just isn't anything to help with other than gofundme #2 the other people have businesses of their own. I personally saw one youtuber getting bashed cause he didn't just spring in to action. People need to stop the negativity, it helps no one
When you get a new shop, I recommend a sprinkler system. Had a fire back I. The day and it saved my building. Praying you get it fixed and that all y’all are okay.
It hard to see that i had a friend that his shop burn down and he lost it all its hard but he rebuild and is doing better now I see you guys doing the same making a big come back sorry about all the stuff u lost but u got your health no one got hurt cant wait to see you come back bigger and better
Took a bunch of courage to video the heartbreak of a burned down lifetime collection of tools and equipment. God's speed
Advise, possibly park the fleet away from any buildings… if you have room and where they will be accessible and able to quickly leave to save it from a fire or in a emergency situation. Also to stop the spread of the fire because vehicles are flammable. Hope it goes well with steady progress.
Ok snap on step up help these guys out ... and other tool companies  do some good for these guys
You and the family out in our prayers. Wish I could give more. Hang in there you will come back stronger. Ignore the haters. Not worth the time. Stay strong brother
Sounds like your neighbor is a real asshole.  He will get his im sure.
May Allah help you ❤️🌹
Hey Tim and Brax and the hole family u guys will come back from this better then ever keep your heads up  stay safe
Get cheap cat litter too for oil clean up
When my garage burned the fire inspector had a easy job I had it all on video. 🤣. That walkthrough really hit me. The vehicles I'hope had insurance because the business insurance didn't pay for my lost vehicles.🤔
You could probably save the stacks. Maybe powder coat them?
All the way from Waco Texas glad I was able too donate!
New place  get a decent fire suppression  ...     don't let insurance  scam you
If everyone could donate just $1 (or more if you can) that will really add up for the recovery!
Im sorry for your Loss whole Shop it Hurts the Feeling  and   Prayers for your Family
So sorry guys sure hate to see this God be with you
This will end up being the best thing to ever happen to you.
Tim I'm very sorry to hear about the fire and your loss God has bigger plans for you and your family,  you will be in my prayers.  God bless you and your family and all employees.
Whatever started the fire I sure hope the insurance will cover it
Man boys just seeing a great American freedom machine burnt up like that always makes me cry 😢
Tim you've been through ups and downs I've watched it on this channel and you've always come back stronger than before you have a very supportive family and a good work crew most importantly of all of it,  is that you have God on your side things happen we don't know why but all things work out for the good and glory of God keep your prayers,  keep your faith and watch over that beautiful family of yours you've always been on top of everything with honesty and family-oriented shows God bless you and your family stay safe my friend 👍👍
The lords in control just keep trusting him
My dad was a career trucker back in the middle 80s we had five trucks I'm disabled but I helped with the trucks as much as I could which included riding around in the trucks to keep the guys awake we had three 93 70 internationals and one 9670 international also an s series truck that was a hot shot  So I got on the website last night and I ordered three shirts one for me one for my son and one for his girlfriend hopefully that little bit will help
I almost couldn't watch all of your last video, Tim. That was heart breaking. 😪 The neighbors that called the E.P.A are douchebags. Hope you get plenty of help from insurance to rebuild back better. R.I.P to the yellow cabover. I have been waiting a long time for it to be finished and now it's gone.
this is heart braking your loved
What started the fire?
Tim and ma gentry I'm just so in disbelief with  the show going up in flames I just can't believe that this happened to you guys .
🙏
This breaks my heart, Tim. I have been through a barn fire as a kid and it is still my biggest fear. Fire does not care who or what you are and leaves heartbreak behind. Good luck to you and your family.
The Collins family is praying
gentry and son, I am hearing on the radio in England a full on American broadcast that the dollar will cease to exist.and savings too if this new form of currency comes in this year. cash as we know it is gone, and this new cash has time limits on it too.
Man me and my family love y’all it will be okay don’t let the a holes get y’all down
That's Horrible Tim you all just put that Stinger bed on the yellow cabover
I’m sure Heavy D has a box of tools collecting dust in his shop
It's the irreplaceable things that hurt. And it's not just material things, it's the blood sweat and tears it took to get those things.
We are all praying for you. I did a video about it on my channel to get the word out and shared on my TikTok, Instagram and Facebook. Keep your head you our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family!
Your some good people love your videos, you guys are going to come back even stronger ✌️
I enjoy watching your channel and I will hall as much as I can
Man this sucks I wonder which trucks we’re lost. But I do know him and his family are good people so he will be blessed with the things he lost and more
My thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family Tim you certainly didn’t deserve this! But you’ll come back 10 times stronger!
Hey  man I have started  a gofundmepage for you all  God bless
I cried hearing Tim’s reaction to seeing the building and trying to get in… I don’t have the most money to be donating to anyone but I sent 10 bucks on the go fund me.. I hope it helps in some way. I’ve been watching this YouTube channel for a couple years now I don’t even know how long ago anymore..but I hope this isn’t the end of the YouTube channel and I’m glad that nobody got hurt..
All that is replaceable people aren't just glad no one got hurt!!!!!
Time to get that new shop built it sounds like
In 2003 I had a house fire that burnt everything I owned to the ground, every tool and memory I had was lost, I still to this day remember something else I had lost 20 years later. It will get better.🙏🙏🙏
Tim, something I had to teach my wife when we started dating: You don’t have the right to refuse a gift. You can only show someone how much they mean to you and have impacted your life in two ways: time or money. If people give you the gift of money it’s literally them saying “I want to show you how much you mean to me!” You mean a lot to a lot of people, that money just shows how much you’ve positively impacted people’s life!
It's said, when one door closes another door opens, we wish ya'll all the best and our prayers are with you..................
Yes you can have everything in one place instead of buying new trucks you could of spent a 1/8 and put a sprinkler system would have been a few grand in damage not hundreds of thousands but what do I know
I'm sorry you have lost everything in the shop. I hope you get a new shop.  Was the blue air force cab over burn the shop, too.
Timmy it's not your fault you can happen to anybody I don't know That's crazy see the message left what's up You go to hard working people which shouldn't have happened but it has to be a shame You good hard working people which shouldn't have happened with it as to the machine
Contact t the tool companies they might exchange some of the tools like the sockets and different things like that
🙏 Prayers from the Chi-town area.
My heart goes out to you and your family my friend. One of my favorite quotes when the phoenix rises from its ashes it will be stronger than ever before. You are gonna be just fine buddy. Take care and stay safe.
PEOPLE ARE A TRIP THEY ALWAYS HAVE TO LOOK FOR THE BAD BUT LIKE U SAID GOD DOES EVERYTHING FOR A REASON AND I KNOW HE WILL BLESS U ALL WITH WHAT U NEED MY FAMILY AND I ARE PRAYING FOR U ALL GOD BLESS
I pray. May our FATHER in Heaven send HIS Holy Spirit to guide and comfort you all in this your time of need. Amen.
Much respect and sadness but hoping for the future for your family and the whole Gentry crew
When you guys rebuild I guess you are going to have to eventually add some type of nice commercial fire system in the building or something  And maybe some type of separate shed for all of the oil products
May God watch over the "GENTRY" family...
Truly heartbreaking..🙏🙏🙏
Neighbors calling the EPA is a scumbag thing to do.  After watching this it's gonna be a nightmare to calculate everything that was lost. I'm so sorry guys. Don't let it get you down, you'll rebuild better.
Prayers for you and yours. 🙏 Things can be replaced, Glad you all are safe and as well as can be in this situation.
Rip to the yellow cab over for whatever reason i loved that truck...
I’m very sorry for your loss buddy if you guys need any help cleaning up please get a hold of me. I will be glad to come down there and help you guys. I went through the same thing 6 1/2 years ago we lost our house and everything we had.
This is sad , I know it seems like it always happens to best people & a lot of times it does. Please don’t loose your way, Keep The Faith brother . Head up , shoulders wide & chive on . I can’t offer a lot to yall but GOD want let you down. 👍🏻👍🏻🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
The firefighter that told you not to open the door was correct doesn't matter if you had ventilation already the sudden rush of air would have been like a bomb going off.
You got Fam all over the world that wants to be there and help you.
Hate this happend to ya man best wishes goin forward
Sending 🙏🙏❤️
Tim on friday I can send ya'll a little money maybe like $200 its not alot I know but Im on the struggle bus with surgery on friday to determine if I have cancer
keep your head together brother a knock back but you can and will rebuild better ❤
That is my biggest fear. I don’t have what y’all do but fire scares the living crap outta me. Hopefully you can rebuild a bigger, better, and badder shop. Good luck bubba.
I am so sorry for the loss.
You guys will be back better then ever. we are all pulling you. I can see the pain in your dad's eyes
We are so sorry for what you all are going through, wish there was more that we could do to help other than donating to your Go Fund Me account. We will continue to pray for everything to go smooth and get you back up and running quickly. Sending love in this hard time! 💞🙏
Thanks everyone for helping and God will bless you back but we're there is a well there's always a way God bless those that helps this family it's a blessed and we love them in there very good people thank you for everything your doing for them an God we trust Aman we love you guys and be blessed ❤️🏹
I don't know if you read this or not, but my family and I are praying for you and your family
what you started a gofund me page dont you have insurance you put your problems on your viewers im done watching this joke of a channel
I'm a homer model contractor in Tulsa Oklahoma a small company but I cannot afford to send anybody your way but let me know if there's anything I could do to help you guys cuz I was in the similar situation 5 years ago I just don't have a lot of finances saved up cuz I've had three years back to back that were really bad I didn't make much money but I know what you're going through and I will help you as much as I can if you need some help please reach out to me message me here and then I'll send you my phone number I cannot imagine what you're going through I could not imagine exactly what you're going through cuz I've never been through it but thank you for posting the video cuz I am seriously looking into reinsuring my whole company just in case something like this happens to my company that happened to you and I cannot even imagine how much money is going to take you to get rebuilt just let me know if there's anything I could do to help you guys I'm in Tulsa Oklahoma I have friends that have lost everything due to the bank repossessing your company before but I've never been in a situation where where something burned down like you guys went through I've never been through this situation I would love to help you as much as I can and I am a homer modeler I can do some new construction work but I don't have the finances right now to drive to where you guys are at and build you a new shop I just wanted to say that as well but I would love to help you out as much as I can doing anything else I love everybody I've met that deserves to have all the help they need you guys are one of those people that deserve to have as much support and helping you can get cuz you've given back to your community you've given back to other people and I've done that for years and never asked for help so I know something like this ever happens to me people in my community will come together and support me the way I hope people are supporting you right now I'm just a small company I don't make a lot of money each year I wish I could give you a huge cash donation but I can't do that cuz I can't afford it but I'm volunteering if someone will pay me fuel cost to get there there I could drive from Tulsa Oklahoma to where you are and help you rebuild the best I can but I mean that from the bottom of my heart cuz that's always been my worst fear of my shop burn now with everything I own in it and not being able to replace it
I remember you saying one time that you had a second shop . Do you still have that place?
You’ll build back and be better then ever. Not to sound like Brandon.Your good people and it amazing how things will turn around.
Let me know if you need a carpenter I’d love to come help out
Sorry for the loss, I hope things get better sooner than later, God bless you all.
You can get it for tomorrow if you’d like it or
So Sorry to you and your family and employees. On our Shop .
Wow the house flooded...now this...insurance isn't on ur side
Hang in there , Man , you got this,  🤟🏻🇨🇦🇨🇦🤙🏻
Preying for you ❤
I don't mean to sound negative but at lest you get a new shop
My heart and prayers go out to you all. I've lost everything twice. We didn't have insurance at the rental properties and I was only 22 & 26 and didn't know everything needed when renting. 10 years later I'm still trying to pay bills and get things back little by little. Lost all my hunting and fishing stuff. Clothes, supplies, poles, and weapons plus all my ancestors hand down items. I wish I was in a spot to send some money your way. I can come over and help or anything you may need. Just let's us know if you need anything ol buddy, we're here for you.
Glad to see a video with an update
Prayers from my family and I God is great he will see that you get through this stay strong
Thankfully you guys had already pre built that new shop. Between donations and insurance money you're gonna make bank
I can't believe people are saying that . I hope I don't read somewhere someone saying that
Reach out to Heavy D . Com a fellow utuber
The lord gives his hardest battles to those that can handle them and his blessings will be worth it in the end 🙏
Blessings, forgiveness and keep going
Sorry for all ur loss praying for you and your family
Tim you guy's are really good people so don't pay any attention to the ignorant people running their mouths we all know that this was an accident!!!! Tim can I get your address so I can come help you guy's rebuild if you don't mind giving it to me!!!! Prayers tp ypu and your family!!!!
now when it is ok and you get to start rebuilding the shop you mite look at putting in a fire sprinkler system and just hang in there it can only get better from here prays to you and your family
My heart hurts for you guys.
I cant do or say anything that will help but i will keep yall in my prayers and hope that y'all eventually build your business back and better then ever
Wickedness always Attacking People at their worst moments Tim, This Truly Breaks my heart as i can see the goodness within your family I am Praying for you and All the Gentry Family!
keep your head up bud T&P's for your whole family
Do not move anything till insurance and their fire investigation is done.
Tim I'm a volunteer firefighter and I no what yall are going through
Tim, God has a plan, and you know he will bring y’all through this. God Bless!
Praying for you guys brother
U guys will pull through my thoughts and prayers are out to y'all
Ur guys strength is amazing it's inspiring
So sorry brother hope everything works out for you guys
I love this family the Gentry family God please give them strength especially in the war in Ukraine 🇺🇦 these innocent people need your help 🙏. keep being strong Tim & your lovely wife & all the Gentry family, Time is a good healer so please stay STRONG IGNORE ALL THE TROLLS. THINKING POSITIVE GET THINGS DONE.
My heart ❤️ goes out to you all. God is gonna bless 🙌🏾 you with more than y'all every had before please keep your head up y'all are in my thoughts and prayers 🙏🏽
You will bounce back bro, respect from the UK thoughts go out to you and your family brother Braxton Pops, all crew
Prayers to you and your family.  I can’t imagine.  From what I’ve seen you will come back even stronger than before.
tim big shout out to Dauminique The Dump Truck she was talking about u on her last vlog and she was very nice and sad that this has happened to u
So sorry Tim my business just went south not like yours but forward air just bought out Landair express who I’ve been running contract freight for for 4 years and I’m sure it will come to a quick end for me soon 2023 is looking pretty grim so far but we just have to keep out positive thoughts and hope for a when one door closes another one opens situation keep y’all’s heads up gentry family
😭😪😴😭🤤😴😭😴😠😓😢😢😢😞
Praying for your family!
Prayers your way!🙏
Tim and Family, My Prayers go out to y'all!   I know that you will rise from this better and stronger,  because God never gives you more than you can handle We all know you are such a amazing family and you kindness and generosity will be returned 10 fold!! God Bless you all !!  We Love you!!
Wanna help anyway possible
This sucks
Sorry for your loss most important thing is nobody was hurt
Sometimes God let’s things happen to start us on a journey toward something greater! Keep your heads up!
I sorry I can't help I really wish I could be there it was a tearing up experience for real hurt me watching it I love the channel and everything about what you do for trucking industry and how you and your family are amazing love you guys prayers pulling you all and you will all come back stronger love you all
You guys are incredible. I know this is horrible but everything happens for a reason. You will come back bigger and better than before. I love watching your videos and what a wonderful role model you are.  I can’t wait to see what great things are in store for you and your family.  Stay safe and keep trucking forward.
Sending prayers
did you have trucks that were out on the road so you did not loose all your trucks right ?
With all the help you're getting you'll be back in business soon, hell your business will come out better than before
God Speed 🙏🏻
Bruce Wilson is in Tennessee
Go fund me is up to $34000 not bad, happy I was able to help also
I’m sorry for your loss hopefully this year isn’t completely ruined.. I hope that you and your family get up on your feet very soon
I’ll be praying for y’all I love watching y’all’s videos keep on trucking
Man brother my heart and prayers go out to y’all! As a small business owner myself I know how devastating this can be. Just keep your head up and don’t let this get you down man!
Your in my Prayers guy 🙏
I'm so sad about what happened I know the feeling I had a garage fire a couple years back
Sending big prayer for your family
Welcome back hope you're doing well And be strong🙏NC
Praying for yall, and hope everything gets better and yall over come this
I pray for y’all that everything gets better y’all are amazing people
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏👍🏻
Sorry man. Really sucks!
Praying for y'all brother
So sorry this happened to ya’ll.. Hopefully things turn up for you guys over time.
Sorry for your loss Tim hopefully you can rebuild
First
I pray for a fast and speedy recovery on the shop and everything tim
I’m so sorry brother
I’m sorry can I help with anything
Hang in there man
Prayers
❤❤❤❤
1
Thanks everyone that’s donated to the https://gofund.me/4023d293 and visited the https://www.gentryandsonstrucking.com/ website to donate and buy merch..It really shows just how great people in this world is and comes together in time of need we love everyone of you!!
