no se porq siento q todo la culpa debe de ser mia
https://youtu.be/zuMI99t9rN8?si=gJ24NDjgMgHDa5bP
Why he sound like rich amiri
Everything for a Reason 💫
2025🎉??
umm umm
2026 any one ??
BEEN ON THAT
😮😅😂😱😢😥🔥🤘🥹🖤🖤🖕✌️
2030 still hitsss
If looks coukd kill that make everyday Halloween just like obama said yesterday😂😂😂
The his his best song frfr🔥🔥
Bro the guitar lick is so crazy
halloween
If looks could kill Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween) I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timbs and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver) Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
Piccolo Aura Farming
Best part is 0:00
Lone😩😩
Song hits different when you are speeding on the highway
It’s official i must be getting old or something bruh this shit hot ass 🤮
This Shi looks like the start of a A24 movie
I DON'T SELL NO WEED MAN (NOT RIGHT NOW ) BARS.
YESSS ITS ALMOST HALLOWEEN
ngl bruh this shit sucks
this will always be a bager
I’m a New Fan This video 🔥 🔥🔥🔥
Can someone make a Sung Jin Woo auru farming edit with this song
Nice act In case you G was wondering Gayest shit Ever Recorded
That song really a hit outside the time
Opium fans are a different breed
So it’s October 🙂‍↔️🙂‍↕️😈
Complete dog shit. Destroy Lonely is a 1 hit wonder. If looks could kill is mid too. It's so crazy this dude still tries most people would have already given up after falling off so hard
These niggas GREEN AF, I’m bout to GET OVER💀
Holy shit this was fucking terrible.
enzocerobulto is better
It’s that time of the year guys 🔥🎃
everyday halloween
“What do you think?”
bobby u a legend top floor boss
gunj lone
What’s this song called???
It's a must to replay this one once in a while
I found this from north west
🔥🔥
underrated song.
fire
Who here in 2025? 🎉
This is so hard
2023 was different
Zero questions asked. Kaboom.
Хто тут через Гостіка? Фінал інта 2к25
Still hard here from 4010
BH3 DROPPIN NEXT FRIDAY 👀
This shit is trash.. waste of ah good beat
from 1:30.. christ
chrome hearts*****
this deserve 100 mil views
This will forever be my shit
I love this.
Fall 2025 🔜
This north west song
Everytime someone likes mà comment, I'll watch it again 🎉
Rise N Shine 🌟
Sounds just like Ken Carson
wtf thish music fuckiing crezy
I thought this was yeat wtfff
What kind of garbage is this? Do these ppl just make stuff up as they record this garbage? Let me guess...he's rich bc of this. Our society has become so dumbed down and shallow that it's very sad. JESUS is coming back, and I hope ppl will be ready.
The walking dead season 2 atmosphere
🔥🔥🔥
One of the best songs out there
🐺🌕🥀
OPIUM
emo slow jam whenever im at a emo party outside or inside
5000 years later still feels the same
In the hospital can't roll up but I can listen to lone😊
Actually there is a french version of this song that is even better  https://youtu.be/vNpl-M3_9_o?si=xR1_Rmh9Vmju2lzB
W
Why didnt you bozos tell me about this?
So hot !!! 🥵
The vibe in this song is crazy
Who’s here 2026?
67 years later still feels fresh to my ears thank you mr.lone🖤
в
Who here in 3075 ?
Top floor boss
man what other songs he got that sound like this? lemme know, just found this song random as hell a week ago, im hella late
1:20
1:21
0:48
Discovering this track my favourite 😢😢
Halloween 2025 lets goooooooo Halloween 2025 & beyond
Christian Bale loves this
Majestical✨✨✨
😊
Lmaoooo it’s funny seeing myself in action but gotta count it
This is pure Christian music
Is this music??
I got hell hoes
this is sooooooooo underrated, should be at least 20 mil views
This still hard 🤟🏽💯🔥🌟💰
Wtf is he saying?
Pentru asta a sărit Nicolas de pe scena?
Anyone here in 2025 🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
First time watching and I been loved this
Ts looks like a netflix original film...💀
I am vengeance, I am the night, I am Batman🦇
What’s the sample from this song?
This the guy max thought was better then… nvm okay
Ce cacat de muzica e asta?
Wait this is the dude that max said is better then sheff g?????? fuuuuuuuuck no!!!!!!!! Plaque boi Max  stop speaking on music talent 😂😂😂
What song is being sampled? I want to listen to it without this garbage autotune, dime-a-dozen rap.
He allegedly forced a 15yo kid to jump off the scene and he almost died yesterday. He then proceded to continue his concert like nothing happened. It makes me sick.
People think this tuff 🤦‍♂️
Ba s a aruncat ala smrfm 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 l ai rupt
thats very awfull music 😅
I love you
Lone sound like he got boogers but this go hard
tuff
Top floor boss
great work bobby ❤
Shit wack
Destroy lonely is so goated 🔥💯🤌🏿
Movie time🎬
Lone Thanks for this godly song
Who where is in 2026
Best song of all time put it on my mums opm baby
Dam what a song
Luv that guitar
who here in 2017
I'm finna turn into opm ichigo
How much I love and listen to this song is not written 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈🔥🔥🔥🔥❤️❤️❤️❤️
0:42
ball like dellavedova
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I want this Lone back. Idk what happened after 2023
Thank you Destroy Lonely, my dying wife of 174 years was cured of chronic lung cancer and heart cancer while also suffering chronic pulmonary tuberculosis, as soon as I played this song she became a 5'9 goth baddie and started giving head better th en Mia khalifa!
WHAT RITUAL IS BRO DOING
Sounds good reminds me of the guitar on the beat of if looks could kill by destroy lonely
I probably played this song at least a thousand times
2025
Best part 2:47
If looks could kiiiill, baby I’m a fashion demon - Vader
I'm 49. Welcome!😊
2025 Anyone 🎊🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
So opium 🐦‍⬛
Ur my king 👑
🔥🔥🔥
2025 anyone??
nah this song goes brazy wtf
Another copy of yeat
This is giving me RED PLANET energy. You ever heard of Win? This is the kind of vibe he be on!
Some trash this
WALK ROUND WIT A PURPLE LIVER, UGH ❗️
IfDihhCouldKill 🖤🦇😈👩🏿‍🦲
looks kill
Bro my friends betrayed me and they said if he looks he can kill
1000 years later still fire🔥
I like it when he is slow ❤️✅✅ The voice is GEEEEK❤️
still fire❤‍🔥
who here in 2025?
Yes Piccolo, we see the fit
The sun was about to explode but then I played Destroy Lonely. The sun took a listen and decided to not explode. Because it realized if it exploded then Destroy Lonely would die. Thanks to him the sun wont explode ever.
🥾
⛧*𝖉𝖊𝖘𝖙𝖗𝖔𝖞𝖑𝖔𝖓𝖊𝖑𝖞†✮
the music video is like a movie
About 22 years later and this STILL HITTTSSS
If Looks could kill 🐺🏍
My guy must not know its DellaVUHdova😭🤣🤣
In My Opinion Ken is Way a esthetically fits Opium sound and vibe Don't get me wrong Lone also has his own style with his aura etc but i prefer alKens musics better his choice in instrumentals his lyrics and specially the eneegy his tracks brings is insane with mad fire productions . . Just my opinion not hating on anyone
lone js like me fr
I DONT NEED U AND I KNOW THAT U DONT NEED ME🖤
happy 2 year anniversary to one of the greatest albums oat
An edit of Margaret Qualley/Sanctuary brought me here. Song is fire af🔥🔥
I’m 32 and love this
banger
2025 anyone?
Ts please my ears😂😂
Peak asf 1 year later 🔥
2025 anyone
can anybody name the camera... is it kodak or is it just a filter or smthing
Tuff
His fan base glaze so hard to make him relevant. Then 5 years later, when all of them grow tf up, they forget his name and he turns his own tv off. Lame.
if looks could kill.
the fuck is this 🙏
what genre of rap is this and why does it sound so shitty
This is fucking trash 🗑️
wyd if a krill swim up to you and say “baby im one in a krillion”
FATION DEMON
Only 7M views? This deserves hundreds of millions of views
Трой це кіт
I want to thank NBA 2K for putting me on ts never get old
This shit ass
THIS SHI BUNSSSSS
Rick Owens should've been on this video🔥🔥🔥💀💀💀
Heard this as an instrumental… better that way cause the lyrics ass!!
It's giving Dune!
best song from the last few yrs fosho
omg
ilck2
an apartment no lease or conda funds... 1 kid..1shorty. an ok account. and still remember this skipping in the halls
These lyrics seem made by a 6-year-old.
opium
This is music
2025?
I DON'T NEED YOU AND IK THAT YOU DON'T NEED ME🗣‼
Hes just a knock off young future. You youngins always on some stupid late reenactment
I think Art does’t make sense and Opium makes music that teaches the creativity of dullness. Great music video!
My daddy
and in 2025 I’m still listening to thissssss
Everything I do is for a reason
🔥
1 YEAR TODAY ❤
I miss this lone
A classic.
🔥🔥🔥
I love Destroy Lonely
Carti/Lonely реально двигают культуру, их звук вдохновляет. Я поймал этот вайб и сделал ‘Glitch God’ – PS2-дрилл с механикой. Зацени, если хочешь новый стиль.
2025?
SHE ACT COO BUT SHE I KNOW SHE EVIL SO DECEIVING 💯
I DONT NEED YOU AND I KNOW DAT YOU DONT NEED ME 💯
DON’T COMMIT TREASON 💯
Fam it’s only been a yearrrrrr🤑
gass
This sound always gives me a weird but good vibe...🌍🙏❤️
Can vroom make a song with Don toliver
What is the music on this
This lone left us a little to quick 😔
clayco😩🔥
I’m obsessed w this song
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Did not work I got to level 11 on TT & level 7 Dice games & it keeps saying to finish the current level & I pass onto next level and still doesn’t download
Man you're so fucking great
hi my gay friend is inlove with u his name dyland with a d at the end!! 🥰
4 decades still a banger
I can’t get no speed I need to listen destroy
new new
is he deadass aura farming
who remember this song from 2k24
If looks could killl that's hardd
Sb here in 25?
Arkham knight ah beat😂
2025? 🦇
its hard
Lil Carson 🔥
Bro is carrying opium
This song kinda fire
ale ogien ❤❤❤😂😂🎉😢😊😊
he fighting the beat, unpleasing to listen to
ts so ass
Who let him cook?
0:32 nah nah, nah in the background is insane 🔥🔥🔥
This is Music
Creen
I miss the ilck era
this still hard
Happy new years🎉
the aura, the video, the style, the visuals 😮
ken and lone has to drop opium twins but unfortunately i feel like its never happening just like 16*29
The aura
FASHION DEMON🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
YSL posing at christian dior’s funeral
Memories
Bro has the best music videos hands down
This is song about Luigi Mangione now. Sorry, I don't set the rules.
I’m gonna meet him one day
Амир гей
most underrated song ever
hell yeahhhh
Ass lmao
Baby im the fashion demon 🗣🗣🔥🔥
It's a Opium* Recruitment
THIS SONG MADE MY 2023
this is the most influential song of this generation.
we never getting this lone again
Still hits hard like you did to your girlfriend
Straight player music 😈
50.9m best reward is destroy lonely for gettin more bars for dat song👍
fire
DID WE PLAY FLEE THE FACILITY TODAY. R U THAT 200 LVL DUDE WHO CAMPED ME N ABDE
❤😂
🤟
Haven't ate in a week but ts still fye
great job lone keep yo head in the game not clermont twins
😂❤🎉
baby pl dont leavme
Ill never get tired of this amazing fucking song , the aura i feel and vibes from it are amazing 😂
Why bro sound congested
You know the person that gets hit by a car at a sideshow?  This is the music they listen to.
This shit sucks lol
Sounds like yeat
1:12-1:43 best part
Here before lonely takes over the world
This song got me pregnant even though I’m a guy.
one of the BEST music videos in recent times
🖤🖤🖤
Who's listening in 3024?
Lonely got too much incomparable aura😢😢😢🔥🔥
ts make me levitate
This song goes crazy in the car….. The bass is insane
Used to shop at NIEMANS 100 Years ago
Listened to this on shrooms yesterday. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥I swear out of all songs I cycled thru on my trip this song was the one. 💯Shit makes me feel cool asf 🌊
Когда Михаил Руссе написал переоденься:
Never gets old
🌊 🌊 🌊
Ball like Dellavedova ❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
тупо я фешн димон
the best song.
1500 years. Still hits hard ‼️‼️‼️
А где за донбасс Крым наш
The beat…the flow is just out of this world🔝
🔥
halloween's hino
it's been enough time, best opium song of all time
Trump 2024 ❤
this video is a masterpiece.
🔥🔥🔥◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️
Baby please don't leave me 🔥🔥🔥🔥
"Everything i do is for a reason, Everything i do is so strategic"- Destroy Lonely.
The Lyrics to this are trash, the beat is dope and memory lane like
weakest bars of all time
Do you think he watches King of the hill
Baby im the fashion demon
1 year later and still hits hard🔥🔥🔥🔥
4992 Jammie Parkways
If Tim Burton directed this it would’ve been the greatest music video oat 😭🙏
first listen was 372 years ago, damn time flies🦇
Kévinh JUNIOR Bably
Fr
Dis shit is assssssssss
My cuz put me on
Martinez Linda Perez Anthony Lewis Timothy
This beat should have been used in the batman film or the penguin series
This guy is good
Bro is on some interplanetary type shit!
1:20
I think I saw myself begging 4 freedom in those flames
2134 anyone?
976 years later still a classic
Sur 13 - Sur x 13 - Huliante Wooton Latin Kings Mexican Mafia MS 13 THE GANGS MAKA JULIAN WOOTEN
UBN GREEN BLOOD BIG RED OG FROM THE SOUTH EAST MONEY GREEN LIME BLOOD GB . B PROUD WITHOUT SPEAKING BANG OUT LOUD GREEN BLOOD I VOW BLOOD IN BLOOD OUT DEC 25TH . GANG SIGN LIME GREEN BLOOD JULIAN WOOTEN .
13 years later this song is just a masterpiece 🪩
1798 years later and this shi still hit
Wanted to understand the hype ts ass😭.
pov: eres kailan desu y tu aura va en decadencia: ATAQUE LOLI! XDDDD
bbbbbeeeeeeeeen on the releaseeeeeee
HELL YEAHHHH
1000 years later still rocking wit baby money 😈
NBA 2k24, anyone?
Walker Jason Johnson Jessica Martinez Ronald
fucking love this beat. that guitar hella relaxing lol
Lee Steven Jones David Martin Brian
I came here from the vine app video for some reason
We on that cringy opium shit🔥🔥🔥
Lone is him.
only song that i listen and i fell like im inside a edit
Brown Donna Anderson Ronald Perez Mary
2023 lone went fukin crazy
Lone will always be the best opium artist and thats a fact.
Lone never misses
Gonzalez Deborah Garcia Timothy Harris Daniel
Hammes Square
Camron Ranch
if looks could kill
Hayes Plains
1 year later this shi still fire
Brianne Flats
Emely Mountains
Eugenia Dale
Angie Gateway
Shayne Circles
King Groves
Lone and ken the new Carti and Uzi NGL
What is this wizardry?
this shit hard
Kassulke Spur
Walsh Falls
Julianne Trail
Orn Expressway
thankyou destroy lonely this is sick 🔥🔥
Who is still here in 4099
The beat 🔥  The lyrics 🗑️
VIZIR KURWA
Ima be honest if looks could kill is low-key better then love last forever.
500 years later. Still hits hard.
ilck > llf
Bro this so fire wow o omg wow
Woah 🔥🔥
Oh destroy lonely where do I even start…my glorious king lone 😫 please notice me ❤
Shit
Why is no one talking about 0:33 with the original Microsoft wallpaper
I know the director watched Midsommar before making this
Tjay better
To much aura
“If looks can kill…that make everyday Halloween “  Definitely a top loner song… 🔥
Damn 😮 the sounds everywhere 🥵
type shii
❤
This is USA anthem in 2077
only know this cause it’s on 2k
Who here in 2024? 👇
"Everything i do is for a reason, everything i do is so strategic''
Album confirmed, opium season is arriving, times are nice for music.
Lone looks too good ❤💎💋
Dyslexia-Downs "aura".
My grandma used to sing this old childhood rime to me
0:10 “I got hella balls tryna fuh me and my bros”😭😭🙏
Evil Don Toliver
bro sounds like uzi a the start
This is the song I heard when I first listened to lone, I lowkey thought he was was fat cuz of them big ass close he got on 💀💀💀
I love seeing these music videos that look like they could have some artistic integrity if it wasn't for the braindead lyrics lol
Assasins Creed: Opium
This song hits as hard as Lone does
A little mahommy
Everytime I hear this song I hear playboi carti  saying scyeah in the background
What a waste of a great beat
Tik tok not allowed in my comments
if looks could follow you into a bathroom
320 years later..........still🔥🔥🔥🔥
Telletubby lookin ass video boyyyy...lol
bro really wasted this beat
why bros nose sound like its stuffed up. shi is still fye
Everything i do is for a reason, Everything i do is so strategic 🔥🔥
i showed my dog destroly loney today and as soon as he heard the music he stood up on his legs and start begging me for wockhart and rick owens so i did and now when ever i tell him to speak he starts rapping destroy lonely thank you so much my opium king🙏🤴🏿
2k best song fr
My mother was born on Halloween 🤘👿
20 dog ages later and it still sounds like last night on the fent trip
imagine how hot he was wearing that jacket
"I just like to ball hard ball like Dellavedova"
Ts still hard
🤍
O my fucking God 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
does anyone know why this sounds exactly like "ABBA - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!" intro?
"I gotta go b*tch i see you later. Im the Dark lord real soft taker. Im the top floor boss and lil player. I put on big pants real deal Raver" 🗣️🔥🔥🔥
Nice music, but I think the singer has speech problems
We don't need girls ❤
Can't wait for the album.
evertything i do is for a reason
I love you even more❤️
🕷️
Lone is lowkey different
Crazy how he looks and sounds like gucci mane lol 😆
WE SAVING GOTHAM WITH THIS ONE 🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
If hooks could kill! 💪🏿🤣
EVERYTHING I DO IS SO STRATEGIC EVERYTHING I DO IS FOR A REASON
Why lone so underrated bro he is so crazy
ngl this sounds like shit
2k brang me here
Lone i luv yo music but bro please drop love last forever.
EVERYTHING I DO IS SO STRATEGIC
This song got to much aura
I LOOK AT MY DEMONS AND FACE EM  TAKE THE CHROME HEART TIMBS AND I LACE EM  IM WALKING THROUGH HELL I GOT A FN LOADED UP WITH A LASER 😭😭 OMFG Y BRO WALK LIKE THAT
i stg this song should be part of the soundtrack of the next Batman movie, fits perfectly
Makes me feel like Noctis🥶❄️👹
Who here in 2024
People who know this song from 2k 👌👌
Holy! I felt aura coming inside of me!
Please delate the video
Whats the lowest hz this song hits?
This song hits & slaps very hard
1:10
EVERYTHING I DO IS SO STRATEGIC
Carti woulda tweaked on this
If looks could kill Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween) I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timbs and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver) Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
shit music fr😢
This music video so hard
1 year late and it’s still hits like how lone hits his women ‼️‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥
IT LOOKS COULD SLAM YOU AGAINST THE HEADBOARD
Just hit 6 Ms
bros aint beating the allegations
BUT HE MADE IF LOOKS COULD KILL
These white people supposed to be racist or somethin
I don’t need you and Ik dat you  don’t need me 😴😴😴😴🔥🔥🔥
If looks could beat
This song slaps harder than Lone with his girl in Germany 😭😭😭
Not even singing in time?
If Looks Could Kill🦇
1:29 Classic Batman Logo
0:23 That walk off after he said “no bitch I’m not green at all”, and was walking saying “u can not get over” 🥶🥶🥶🔥🔥🔥
Felt this aura 20 years before the song came out
This lives in my head rent free.
NOOOOO LONEEEE
We (aren't) beating a girl with this one🔥🔥🔥🩸🩸🩸
they can't make me hate u dear destroy lonely, top floor boss.
Pov Destroy Lonely fans when this song comes on: 🤸🏿‍♂️🧎🏿‍♂️🚶🏿‍♂️🖤⬛♣️◾◾◼️◼️
1:08 when the beat dropped I was floating 🫡
If looks could kill baby am the fashion demon🔥🔥🔥🔥
My glorious king
I remember me and my friends used to play this when we were stationed in afghanistan. brings back mixed memories
On me
Twin 🥁
Shits gonna go hard on Halloween
Shits gonna go hard on halloween
EVERYTHING I DO IS STRATEGIC
People who came from 2k👇
if you ever feel useless just think that there are lyrics for this beat
His aura is extreme
destroy lonely continues to be the worst member of opium if all his songs sound like this
Im getting money  I love money All i do is get money Ok coo she love me Hoping she screaming that when she fucking me I send opps underneath Yo bitch a vampire i gotta remind her not to use her teeth  Ain't no competition its just me  I get fly just to stay in the crib for a whole week  That shii she pulling so weak  Imma make her heart hurt when she on her knees  She ain't got a heart but gave me the keys   We in the fast lane Spent a hunnit K on the chain I get money and spend it everyday  I gotta chill i be chilling with yo bae  I be trynna make her mines i be forgetting she already somebody else bae  She gotta go when we done she trynna get caught up talking about can she say When i drop imma make the world shake  I sip that mud slowly out the cup like its a shake Long nights i took that blunt straight to the face  Nigga u can't call like me nigga u in the way
I’m about to explode just listening to this
How does one aquire this type of aura
I love you lone Ur music is a fucking inspiration
Bobby Wardell Sandimanie III was not lying when he said, "All black fit thats the perfect attire" 🗣
Meu aniversário é te espero no meu casamento pra cantar essa pela última vez
Meu casamento meu amor
70 years later ts still slaps ..told my grandkids this was MLK
this beat is so cool but then there is this shitty ass guy singing... Destroyed the song
w
My vamperic abilities are awakening 🦇😩
Crazy as hell that 2K24 bought me here lol
i became so opium after this
Yo lone why u haven't dropped the new album yet bro? Start the rollout right now before people start not caring anymore.
I wish he would have leaned more on the horror movie killer aesthetic for this video.
“Everything I do is do is for a reason, everything I do is so strategic!¡”
This shit hard but why Lon sound like he congested 🤣
2024 anyone??
My grandest dad from 1670 wrote this song name in a book thanks grand dad
500 yrs later thy music still slaps
feat. yeat?
I got hella shows lined up im on the road
Lmao my coworker was the only girl on this video
I might be Batman
song goated but this music video corny idgaf
great music video really inspirational
IM ON THE TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN, KING OF THE HILL!🫵🏽👨🏾‍🍳🕺🏾
Song fire but yall glazin🔥🔥😭😭
BABY IM THE FASHON, DEMON RIDING DOWN
No mom it's not a fursuit. I'm just a wolf just like destroy lonely if looks could kill 🗣️🐺
hits heavy
Niggas hate Zoe mf talented as shit this whole album was slept on I’m still a Zoe fan you can’t box him in super talented
bro went to windows xp to shoot this vid
my vibes i like🔥🥇, i made a type beat from this beat on my channal hope u like🙆
boutacum
woah this hit hards at midnight ngl
dope - may 2024
DADDDDDYYYYY LONELYYYYY😩😩😩😩😩😩
Everything I do is for a reason!!!❤
he actually started a cult in this video
the fact he was arrested for wife beating or some such bullshit makes him even more relatable
1000 years later still a classic
Beats dope but where’s the drop, it sounds like the build up of a song but never gets going. Kinda like Dexter and Thouxanban’s song with me it sounds like the beat never drops
It just hits different
💋
The instrumental is amazing it woulda been way better without this goofball rapping over it
How the fuck does this garbage even happen?! Sucks
literlly soooo opium bro
i fuck with this shit
It’s been a year crazy.
that makes everydays is Halloween
https://youtu.be/g69gaqgEvGQ?si=GWm_0m72v4xxd3_N
Stone af put the vid 1.75 speed to see the message of the video bruh this vid ass this whole misteriuos thingy they doin gettin corny
the beat carries this soo hard lmaoooooo garbage singing sounds like fucking mumble rap without the rap
I love you, Lone!
Nice car..... crap tune
Deserves more views
Stramm
100 years later still hits hard
No views in 1 sec fell of fr
This is so fucking opium
Here from ah light year from the future and it still slaps the same everytime ts timeless
If bro just collab w ye and Ty dolla sign he would be top 10 rn
Bro this so bad 😂 why do ppl like this
Everyday maybe but mostly playing this masterpiece👽👽👽🙏+
😭😭😭😭
i play rocket league wit him
im gonna write the explanation in the replies👇👇
This song is a masterpiece
he sound congested
I Am Vengeance 😈😈😈
20 centuries lata still firs
Coolest
walkin through hell got a fn loaded up wit a laser🔥🔥🔥💨
Shit fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥 lonely
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMENT⁉️⁉️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Baby please dont leave me😈😈😈😩😩😩 W RIHHHHH
IF LOOKS COULD ID BE A WORLD REKNOWN DOCTOR!!!🔥🔥🔥😈😈😈
7billion decades later it still hits hard
greening out rn but this fire
Das dass ding onley 5 mio kliks hat is sad
👿👿👿👿👿👿👿
but i know she evil so deceiving
this is the only good song by this guy
My anthem
2K24 🎶
Anyone else realize they shot this video where Microsoft took the Windows background shot with the grass field
Beat so raw for this to be. So ass lol like damn you and playboi with this ruining a beat but I like the fashion line
q ganas de ver esto en vivo lpm me tengo q conformar con el rkt mal ahi
i'm a fashion demon👹😈🤘🎸😤💀😭
This heat 🔥
the instrumental is awesome, I don't understand how it can be so fucked up. the guy is not hitting anything, I can't listen to it
this mf hard everyday
2k brings me to a lot of bangers
Even the afterlife feels this
CRAZY HOW JHONNIE GUILBURT COPIED THIS😭
crazy that he taught beethoven how to make music
HARRRD
icl listening to lone while driving down downtown atl hits different fr
achei meio opium
The beat made me:
es una bomba este tema
Everytime I get high am listening to this 🤯🥶🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Rare and unique 💯💯✅✅✅
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
THIS IS NOT HEART!!
Rick Owens
omg the aura 🐺
0:03 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
Tell ‘em uncle
Lone is a the leader of a cult. They burn their clothes, thus burning their individuality away. Wearing the gray sweatsuits because they are an empty, clean slate.. They dedicate their lives to nothing but Destory Lonely.
IF LOOKS COULD KILL🔥🔥🗣️🗣️
cold af but damn bro blow your nose
What is this vibeeeee????
Who came here cause you heard him from 2k24
✱
Rest in peace to Don Tolliver
I love this MV! It has that horror movie vibe that black metal MVs have. I know Lone is a fan of MayheM so it makes total sense.
Dinner with Jay-Z
🧛🏿
If looks could kill I’m on the sex offender registry 🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
Heart did it better
I call Bs This man dead took my hook for the start of his career i got all the proof you need stay tuned the official n original version looks can kill dropping soon n proof i got it all im not these clout chasers but when it comes to my music n these artist taking my inspiration its got  to stop!
I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova 🔥🔥
This song is crazy…❤❤
0:05
im the fashion (i get no woman)
Best artist on opium lone > carti  He’s more experimental this song proves it. He’s take my more chances and it’s going to pay off come back to this comment in 2027
1:16 has to be racially motivated
Funny how this was recommended from Playboy carties song
goat
Im Batman
DUDE YOU STOL THE RIFF TO 'OFF THE HOOK' by PUFF - THAT'S SUPER LAME
LEGENDS STILL HEARD THIS MASTERPIECE RIGHT🤔🤔🤔
Top 5 ways to reply to your bully ahh song (goes hard🐺🔥)
🔥
92794737281828278819239392829292 centuries later and this is still being played at the cybernetic virtual cookout
0:38 is insane
Stupid fools burned Gucci Tayla  bands
The snake is back
Dat guitar tho 🎸
i wonder where this was filmed
Baby I’m da fashion demon🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🧛🏾🧛🏾🧛🏾🧛🏾🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
que buena cancion la ptmr
If looks could kill
Dis will never miss
lyrics: 🤮 vocal: 🤮 beat: 🤮 clip: 😒
like a JNR CHOI, gunna, trippie redd mutant baby
5000 bc later, still good
This looks like a movie fr
I traveled from another multiverse to tell yall this slaps
Я РУССКИЙ
Anyone from india (state manipur )here🖐🏼
"1016 BC" it still sounds hard
eons later and still bumping ts 🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣
Baby please don’t leave mehhh
Ts so tuff
This music made me try lean
4 billion years later, still a banger
Heard it from a insta reel, good work out song tbh
Talent in the blood i20's son 💯 Atlanta stand up
EVERYTHING I DO IS FOR A REASON!!
Who here from 2k?
I don't know what it is about this joint that I'm really fuckin wit. I think it's his delivery but it's hypnotic as fuck.
😭
que es esta mrd
🤫🧏‍♂️
It's me... wtf... but I can't rap....💯😎
12 Lights Years And This Still Hits💯👨🏿🔥🗣
🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇😀🦇🐺🐺🐺
Matúš Gašparík is the real FASHION DEMON 👻👹
❤
unemployed friend on a tuesday afternoon
Here because of 2k24🤷🏾‍♂️🥶
🧎🤞💪👍🙏
I’m late ash but 2k put me on lmao 🔥🔥🔥
After the Second Greatest Depession where the world currently is in its darkest since any war we have ever had i have been able to keep coming back to this masterpiece to keep me going in this cold desolate world.
😀😃😄😁😆🥹😅😂🤣🥲☺️😊😇🙂🙃😉😌😍🥰😘😗😙😚😋😛😝😜🤪🤨🧐🤓😎🥸🤩🥳😏😒😞😔😟😕🙁☹️😣😖😫😩🥺😢😭😤😠😡🤬🤯😳🥵🥶😶‍🌫️😱😨😰😥😓🤗🤔🫣🤭🫢🫡🤫🫠🤥😶🫥😐🫤😑😬🙄😯😦😧😮😲🥱😴🤤😪😮‍💨😵😵‍💫🤐🥴🤢🤮🤧😷🤒🤕🤑🤠😈👿👹👺🤡💩👻💀☠️👽👾🤖🎃
obum
Banger
Do you guys think this dude would be relevant in 5 years? 😂😂😂
Still goes hard after Saul got called
Lone❗
I GET HELLA GREEN IN🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🌲🌲🌴
Instrumental goes crazy… unfortunately absolutely decimated by some untalented hack. What happened to rappers? Fucking diabolical
@YOUNGDABO if he got pussy and had swag 💯💯🔥
100,000,000,000 years later and it’s still tuff
700 years later, and shit still slaps 🔥🔥🔥
6000000003 years later this still hits before the sun explodes we planning to play your music to play every destroy lonely song to the sun before it explodes so this heat can overtake it
Артём Гаврилюк оценил.
It's been already 947years and 3 months yet i still can't get this song out of my head
1:39-1:50 my favorite stretch of the song
why it kinda sound like his nose stuffy
10 years later i’m still bobbin my head
baby i took a fat shit 💩 demon 😈
Almost 9e17 years later and it still hits different🔥🔥
mmm
Got me wanting to suit up and save Gotham city.
3636 years later still number one thank you lord destroy
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
been 3 miliseconds since i last heard this, does not get old.
in the 30th century and this song still hits
981,828,111 millenniums later this still slaps🔊🔊🔊🎶🎶🎶🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
"Baby i'm the fashion"❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
rare footage of a vamp initiation ritual
I put on big pants I'm a real deal raver (raver!)
perfection still havent stopped listening to ts
Billions of years after this came out it's still a good song that holds up
baby please don’t leave me😢
🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐
a century later and this shit is still fire
Keep on destroying !
Kanye approves of this video.
bro thinks he lone😂
65
bruh
His voice 🥵😩
this shi saved my life fr i love you lone
666 years later stills feel fresh to my ears
is the moon in our side?
Not my best edge
za donbass za donbass
Baby im the fat shi demon
Я как трил пил
beat fire but rap so shitty
this sucks how do people find this hard bruh 💀
Damnn bruhhh🔥🔥
D Lonely 🥶
this song is so hot
Every thing I do is 4 a reason every thing I do is so strategic
🔥🔥🔥🔥
I am opium
Discover this song on 2k23 had to find the real song this shit a vide 💯
Y’all know it’s only been 7months right 😭
Ever since I listened to this which was 4 months ago (2 months late 😭) I need help. I can’t stop listening to this song, it’s too addictive. I can’t go anywhere without this song song stuck inside my head. I literally can’t sleep without this playing in my head. I’m starting to become opium so please help 🦇🙏
Why y’all talking about chess
Не забывайте что я как шахматный демон
🏹👿
He's your him's favorite him
дєтка да я шахматний дємаааанннн
What the hell🔥🔥
Детка 👶 я как шахматный ♟️ демон 👺
у меня есть ферзь я сделал рокировку
да я шахматный демон
Я, буквально, шахматный демон, я шагаю буквой г конем
Детка да я шахматний демон
я как бобби фишер
детка да я шахматный демон
Eu tenho um culto de lokos👾
Я как шахматный демон, иду пешкой на конец доски
We’re a that guitar rift from
2024 years later . Still hits harder than most girls pepper spary
Why he in the windows 98 wallpaper, 0:33
Trash 🤣🤣🤣 wtf is this
$5 video ass for such a good song 😂
A do mc ig filou melhor 😮
I was destroyed and lonely but after discovering this masterpiece i dont need no stylist and my looks kill
最高です
NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW NAW 🔥🔥🔥 (annoying orange version)
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
THIS SONG IS SOO GOOD😭❤️😍😍😍😍😍❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Here cuz of  Nba 2k24 ❤❤👌👌
Thank you Mr lone for this masterpiece
Why does TikTok have to ruin every song 💀
За Донбас за Донбас
this is my personal song of the year. Song of the year 2023
who is the girl in the song slide snap
Off brand juice 999 on top
If🐺looks🐺could🐺kill🐺baby🐺I'm🐺the🐺 fashion🐺demon🐺
Checker board verified
lone got the best music vids
I love this
Legende
ngl 2k24 got me here
I just made my mum listen to it and she liked ❤️
Opium demaissss🐺🐺
ts is so hard
destroy
Who came here from NBA 2k24?
IM WALKING THRU HELL I GOT A FN LOADED UP W A LASER 🔥🤘🏽
🐺🐺🐺
Destroy Lonely Going Parkmoon He Live Outside 😮
1 century later… this shit still ass 😂
Lone is the fuxking goat
Can’t believe it’s been 7 years already shit still slaps
i'm 13 years from being born and this old music is better than the fart bass samples of the future. can't wait to tell y'all about my undead uncle who introduced me to this improv style of adlibbing
buja słuchawczki odpięte 🧭🍌🍌🍌🥰😝🤑🤗🤭
This is so ass😂😂😂
delladova
the beat is cool but the rapping is terrible . i hate the direction rap is going
am i the only one that thinks this is terrible music? it seems rap gets less and less effort put into its songs each year. way too much auto tune
NBA2k24 brought me here :D
Baby I am the fashion 🐺🔥💯🤘
Hell yeah 🤘🏽
2023
To jest ten cały opium? 🦅
ok
Top 5 chorus ever!!! Da hook is 🔥 as fuck!!
W
OPIUM DEMON
Original was better this is trash
Uh, meu nome não é Igor Faz completo, chefe (hmm) Vamo' embora, chefe, faz completo, mané Do jeito que elas gosta, po (hm baby, baby) Baby, vem e faz completo Essas gata se amarra nesse dialeto Sempre, que eu encosto de Porsche sem teto Atualmente, na picota, comendo no quieto Não é só sexo, sexy Solteiro, vivendo, nossa cota é se divertir E 'tá jogada na piscina, sunset Várias de biquini, me sinto no Havaí Boa tigre de guerreiro, olha quem vem por aí A tal da Larissinha quer dinheiro pra sorrir E 'tá facinho pro voucher dela subir Pra desbicar pro lado, 'cê 'tá tonta por aqui Tem lalá, as top, MD, tem Glock Nossa segurança, no pescoço vários carro forte E que se foda os bico, que acha que nóis não pode Segura os preto rico, e nóis joga no bigode Deixa fluir, faz completo chefe Enquanto as amiga se diverte Deixa fluir, faz completo chefe É bom aproveitar, que a vida é breve Deixa fluir, faz completo chefe Enquanto as amiga se diverte Deixa fluir, faz completo chefe É bom aproveitar, que a vida é breve Baby, baby Hm nanananana oh no Baby, baby Essa noite, é nossa Olha o baiano, amigão Já 'tá desbicando lá Aí, já sabe, né? Já sabe! Faz completo, chefe Olha as ideia dele, taplaudo Haha Baby, baby Vamo' que vamo', meu nome não é Igor, 2025 É a tropa dos 4m
bardzo fajen pisoenk
378 years later and it’s still hard
Destroy Lonely - If Look Could Kill 😶‍🌫️
Hear because of 2k
Trying too hard , bros giving off vibes now like he’s confused and lost in clout chasing
i remember finding the vinyl of this in my great grandpa's collection from when he was in high school. still sounds new to this day
official theme song of cool and mysterious people (autistic loners) 😎🦇
what the fuck is this 😂
234 years later and ts still hits, thanks sir lonely
500 years later…. He still sounds like a Yeat clone
Your actuallly my sacraifes ha ha
Tag your it...😂
Art eye mean art wins sorry baby
200 years later and this still hits
Man sounds he's rapping with  blocked nostrils. Bro blow your nose out
This should be in gta 6
that range rover gives me Top Gear vibes….
Elite beat
❤Read your bible! (KJV, preferably) ❤️
🔥
300 years later and still a hit 🙏
Mid
this song will still in my heart
I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me 👀
this song is everythinggg.
300 years later and it still hits hard
i really have no idea when summr cames in
896 years later and this album still hits
🚀🚀🔥
been listening since 32 b.c ❤❤❤ love u lonely
I made a remix to this song, it’s on my channel
destroy lonely u have a hiddrn talent for music,better keep it hidden 🔥🔥
50000 yrs later still a abnger
im gonna grow my hair out just to look like lone!!!
lone 🌀
1:54 This part just so satsfying for some reason
if a person had 1000 years to try and make a song better than this, if the study the science of what makes a song good, they wont be able to top this song
Dawg fye nigha im cum ming creaming RN
💪🏽 🎶 💪🏽🎶💪🏽🎶💪🏽🎶💪🏽🎶💪🏽🎶💪🏽
MY BITCH ROCKIN CHANEL I PUT ON BALENCIAGA FOR MY HATERS 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥
69 years later... still a banger
bad asfck
2147 years later and this still hits hard 🔥
5000 years later.Thats still bangin
I can feel the werewolf coming inside of me
0:33 Windows Exp
If looks could kill baby I'm the fashion 👹
This a mfn wave 🏁🛬🛫🛬🛫🛬🛫🏁
Never heard this shit until I hopped on 2k 😂
Nigga just the goat he make me happy
Series? No. Film maybe? No. Music Video? Yes.
1:55 so we just not gon talk about how his blunt fell apart
Nearly 90 years ago! Still a fire song!
Cold
Antagonist lore
why does destroy lonley constantly sound congested??? like does bro blow his nose lmao
I love that new gen music
This Uzi old Flow 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 shit crazy 💯
🫗🫗
wearing my boots....I was singing this song .. i will post it on my channel
this song while high loud asf>>>>>>>>>>>>
I feel like if you listened to this rap your cool, if you listened to anything else your not really that cool
Masterpice.
You get 150 Million dollars,but you have not listening to this music for 3 hours, would you do it?
Real twin slat opium shi 🖤😢🔫😤
0:39 reminds me of the 28 weeks later running scene
if looks could kill😩
Who’s still bumping this in 2030 w/ me!?
Bro got me levitating
69 years and it's been blessed
FA$HION DEMON
Now replace “the” with “lebron james”
Opium fans be like
I love this because of nba2k24
I love Destroy Lonely
If looks could kill Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween) I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timbs and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver) Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
" if looks could kill " Destroy Lonely  [Intro] If looks could kill  [Chorus] Baby, I'm the fashion demon Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (My bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (On the road) I get hella green and I get hella 'chos (Hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (Get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can nug it over (Can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (Nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (Nah, no) Don't commit treason (Nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (Huh, so strategic) Baby, please don't leave mе I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (But I want you) I done got the flyеst, I'm on a date with the Moon this evenin' (Huh) She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceivin' (So deceivin') If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (It's Halloween)  [Verse] I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (No wingman) I get richer, I don't sell no weed, man (Not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real Huh, I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (We top floor) Uh, I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver (Purple) Uh, I'm a fashion killer, I'm a shit popper, babe (Shit popper, babe) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (Huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walk in, yo, look, she slayin' it (Huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so, please, don't play with him (Grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take a lil' blunt and I face that shit (Huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (Face 'em) Take the Chrome Hearts Timbs and I lace 'em (Ha) I'm walkin' through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (Rah) My bitch rockin' Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (Go) I'm the Dark Lord, real soul taker (Huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss and lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (Raver) (Raver, raver)  [Chorus] Baby, I'm the fashion demon (Demon) Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' (Speedin') I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (My bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (On the road, shows) I get hella green and I get hella 'chos (Hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (Get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can nug it over (Can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Like Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (No) Don't shop at Neiman's (No) Don't commit treason (No) Everything I do is for a reason (Reason) Everything I do is so strategic (Huh, so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me (Please don't leave me) I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (But I want you) I done got the flyest, I'm on a date with the Moon this evenin' (Ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceivin' (So deceivin') If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (It's Halloween)  [Outro] (Ayy, Clayco, cook that motherfucker up)
it's centuries after Jesus died and still a masterpiece
Ehery generation got some music that parents dont like bit this is uninspiring and hearts my ears. No real flow, mumbling and nothing really worth any meaning... I mean, ill respect all artists because they putting something out there so hasic respect but other then that ... 😶‍🌫️
74 years early this will be a masterpiece
✨✨✨✨🔥🔥
remember when granny used to sing this classic to me rip granny she got shot
This is one of the songs of all time
I ❤ destroy lonley
132 years later , my grandpa’s playlist some gas 🔥⛽️
Xxxtentacion reference tree tat🌴
Bro im called destroy lonely 😭😭 I put fashion on all the time 😭😭😭
i was'nt able to walk after a car crash and wished to walk again i was on yt when i saw this song pop up and gave it a listen i got off my wheelchair and started flying in to the sky this music is a life saver
0:43
i love lone
i dont understand how anyone could like this he is literally moaning on the mic this is actually abysmal
i like how everyone in the comments is using vampire years
Who came here from red adidas tracksuit guy 🤣🤣
273 YEARS LATER THIS STILL MA FAV MASTERPIECE
this will be a classic 5ever
in this day and age people who are creative, like to express themselves and who are pure in their hearth and mind (ppl dressed in white) are forced to be slaves to these negative, selfish, low-vibrational, dark people which destroy lonely is (and a couple other artists who are on the come up)... so these white dressed ppl are basically forced to throw all of their gifts, their creativity, their colors to the fire and switch the dresses from white to black to just forget their soul, gifts, positivity and pure heart... yall ppl are truly blind to what is going on right now... why do you think all of these artists are forced to wear nothing but all black outfits? do nothing but dark music videos? for some reason everything just has to be dark, black and without any colors or a character... why do you think all they rap about is some demonic type shit? why do yall think they wear upside down crosses and pentagrams? the agenda is being pushed too hard, i get it if you like the style and music but yall should really protect yourself from these energies... this shit can really fuck you up as it fucked me and my life up back in a day...
27 years later and this till cold
Masterpiece so strategic
new Carti drop🔥👀https://youtu.be/RTQ275w-Rv4?si=fLwbKbnwYXXFuZdx
9 years before I’ve listened before it even dropped
Baby i m the fashion demooon
if looks can kill…
This is actually the worst music i have ever heard
😱
Love this song but why does it sound like hes talking through his mouth cause his nose is completely stuffed
bro gave me fashion ideas
A Carti feature on this would go insane!
Astronomical🔊
Years later this sht still slap lmao
much love from Kenya 🇰🇪🇰🇪
This song is a certified banger.
Midsummer
Masterpiece
It been 4 years and it's still killing it
who in 2093?
best song 2023
3072 ganggg🔥🔥🔥🔥
Baby I’m the fashion demon 👹
There's no way you guys like this song
my goat
690 years later this still hit hard
20 seconds later shit still go hard asf thx lone
3 days later... this song still goes hard
😍
This song came out when I was 22. Still bumping at at 40
“baby please don’t leave me, i don’t need u” what? 😭 everything else is fire
Good 😮
THIS SHOULD BE LONGER!
839 years and this still fire
666 years later this still a masterpiece
I LOVE THIS SONG,  THIS SONG MY BONG, CALL OF DUTY 3 BETA LET'S GO
Спасибо за фит с Иваном💯💯💯🗣🗣🗣🙏🙏👍🏿👍🏿
I think this is his best song
this shit got my feeling like batman
Why all the songs I like gotta have demonic shit goin on , it is what it is I guess
The vibe for this song is so insane.
Listen this One Time , u can't forget this Masterpiece After💜🇨🇵
50 years later and this song is still hitting strong
I BELIEVE IN DESTROY LONELY SUPREMACY
OPIUm *
just had maybe one of the best makeout sessions of my life to this song. 5/5 stars.
Destroy I’m gona need that MTV2 live performance of this one
50 years later, still fire
I hate people who are materialistic… without objects they are nothing
Remember when YouTube comments were actually different and creative
How you feel? baby i feel fine.
so sexyyyyt
Jimmy butler rn
5 years later this song steal makes me float
50 years later still the best song in my playlist
sound like he got a stuffed nose
Damn ☝🏻🗿
I can’t even cap… meeting this Teledude *JUGGAKNOTS* done put me on hella motion fr.. I’m only 18 & I’m getting ahead and putting my folks on the right path. Appreciate the glitch game.
if my kids don’t find this song as well as i do they gettin flogged
999 years later, I’m still fuckin white milfs to this song
best artist ever
403826 years later this is the hardest song out there still…
хутор близ диканьки, фак твелф, черт, дьявол  im such a big fan. LeDestroy Jonely
Oh you think you're disappointed? I thought this was a rock song from the 90s when i first heard tge beginning of the instrumental.
1M years later this still a big masterpiece
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
30 years ago i listened to this for the first time and it still gives me the dopamine rush i always got
🇮🇷🤲🦁❤️‍🔥
Kurt codein
Opium wayyyyy
lone on his travis scott shit with this vid
za donbas
After 13336999 years later still a masterpiece.
За Донбасс
W song
W sobg
My grandpa used to be in love with this song when he was a kid🔥🔥🔥🔥
So bsdly autotuned
How people see these monkeys as human is beyond. Amazing that we went from landing on the moon to ape monkeys making music in less than 50 years.
97 centuries later still listening to this bop even when i’m 6ft underground ☝️🥶
Make me feel like Batman ngl
Gotta be one of my fav music videos
🙂🔥
It's been a 69 years and still banger
23 years later and this still fire 🔥
Idk how many times I played this song
Sith Lord look
If looks could kill baby imma fashion demon 👹
Safe to say... lonely is destroyed.
за данбас
Where was the intro inspired from? (The rock part) I remember hearing that guitar somewhere else
374 BCE Kids will never understand the hype we had when this was first released
🔥🔥🔥
207000 years later this shi still fire
" not right now" haha
BRO I almost cried when destroy lonely said "if dick could kill. nigga I'm the faggot demon. ridin on big ass balls and im screamin." 🥺📣🗣🔥🔥🔥
Im working with destroylonely soon.
" If looks could kill , baby I'm the fat shit demon 🥶 🔥 "
나이 40되어서 듣는데도 존나 좋아😂😂
а де в треке строчки «за донбасс» ???
топ
9/16/23 1:31pm cst, earth, the milky way galaxy *sup, future kelan* 😎 18 years later this still big bang
the dinosaurs listened to this music
20 years later still hits hard asf
32 years later and still a banger our fashion demon
te amo sabes
I finally found this song
A moment of silence for those still looking for this song after being Batman at 12am 🦇 😂
What kind of slavery shit is this lol but this shit go hard
I remember seeing destroy lonely at summer fest opening up for nle Choppa...and let me tell u that crowd was going A1 crazzzzy bro had so much love in Milwaukee he couldn't stop the show...2hrs later nle Choppa came out for a quick 30min check....by far enjoyed destroy lonely performance better......and been a fan ever since.
Batman soundtrack should be this album
35 centuries later this still a masterpiece
I came after seeing jojo's reference with this audio
bro went to windows xp fire song btw
THIS IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN NO STYLIST WTF ! LOL
Mumbling ruins the perfect 2000s sound like beat
Lol this is kinda ass lol instrumental is fire but with this guy nah
2 million decades later and this still slaps🖤😊🙌
92826 years later still sounding fresh af🔥
1 day later shit still top tier 🔥
Y does this go so hard
Lil Peep would kill this Beat🔥🔥🔥
Youtube's first suggestion was "Instrumental"... I now understand why...
imma write a comment so i can comw look at it in 2050 again
2063 and this song es still number 1
ку from 2023))
Iistening from my grave
I’m the dark lord
Already had it in focus.
I’m finna have my kids listening to ts
blud think he lone
No words can describe how good this song is, whole lotta nother level ' ' '
34 years later still banging dis shit
Just heard this today and was not disappointed. Need more music like this frfr.
5000 years later this is still a masterpiece
I listen to that stuff on vinyl back in the days.... Still slaps ....
Baby I’m the fatshit demon
3000 years later this is still a godly song
Beat so good but lyrics and rapper so shit
lone.
Trash
EVERYDAY IS HALLOWEEN
Emo wolf 🐺
“These niggas green as hell I’m boutta get over “ wrestling fans know that bar right there lol
HOTT🗣💥💥💥💥
Hurensohn Lied 🔥🔥🔥🔥
2000bc years old...still never misses
This shit goes hard 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🚫🗣️🚫🗣️
bro is masterpiece himself
still on repeat 🖤
this so opium
169 years later this song still sends chills down my body
Fw it definitely vibin🐍
20 years later and it still slaps
Welp time to stand on top of a building at nighttime
🔥🔥🔥🔥
If looks could kill Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween) I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timbs and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver) Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedov') Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
10 billion centuries later and this is still fire
i put my dad onto lone and now he wont stop staring at the ground and lately hes only been wearing black, he wont stop screaming opium and when he showers all i hear is mdma and in the air n neverever so i just want to shout out lone for getting my dad on his opium shit.
If looks could kill  Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedov')  Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me  I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)  I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh  I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba)  I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it)  I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timbs and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters  I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver)  Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedov')  Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me  I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
after 52! years, it's safe to say this is a certified hood classic
788 years later this still slaps 🔥
My grandma died. Revive. Died again. and this still a masterpiece
Great, Great👍
OPIUMMMMM🧛🏿‍♂️🧛🏿‍♂️🩸🩸
I was listening to this song when I was pregnant with twins. Now that I gave birth to them sometimes they get up and start chanting “OPIUM OPIUM OPIUM” and I think it’s beautiful. 🤧🤍
lone is gay - agent 581
🔥🔥🔥
Just Subscribed Great Song Destroy Lonely 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🎤💯
who else enjoying this after 274 years?
So sick of autotune. Luh Tyler should've gotten ROTY
I’m Batman 🦇🖤
IM THE FAT SHIT DEMON 🔥🔥🔥
Do y’all actually fw ts or is it just a meme
vim pelo seu pai
It's only been a millennium but man it's already a classic
i love u
I’m literally taking the hardest shii in my life rn 😭🎶
Wait so long for a ft w Yeat
🐺
38 years later this still a banger
🧛🏼
Lonely is the 1
Looks like a cult ritual
я как триллпил...
336 years later still goes hard as shit
336 years later still goes hard as shit
336 years later still goes hard as shit
270 years later and this is still music to my ears
17461 years later still a masterpiece 🙏🏽
He sounds like he has a cold nigga got the sniffles
I love this !!! M
In disbelief at seeing this dude live in a few months.
this is soo opium i like this
Been a jam since 68 🤘
Crazy that this came out 29 years ago. I was broke and sleeping on the streets, not an asset to my name. This song the reason I now own a mutimillion dollar business and have women lining up to suck me off. And this still 🔥 🔥
This goes hard
Ball like riff raff
17 years later it still 🔥
300 years later this is still a classic
zattirizort
18 years later we still waiting for the beat to drop
this shit fire in 144p i swear
👀💯
bang bang
Who are these people
THIS GENUINELY HITS HARD 😭😭
Damn, it's too good❤
This is trash 😅
GET ME TO 1.2K LIKES ON THIS COMMENT IF LOOKS COULD KILL🕺🏽🕺🏽
bluds nose is blocked 💀💀💀
😫🖤
I graduated 2004...why they didn't have this in my time
COLD music video my G...RESPECT
1629 years later and this still hits
1488 years later and still a masterpiece
Wow e cea mai gunoi melodie pe carre am asculatoto sinucidete
les js say my school reps that opium
they played this loud as hell on all the speakers at my school yesterday
God of Ohio your song ❤
Do you guys actually think this is good? It honestly hurts how mid this whole thing is.
20 years later AND STILL A MASTERPIECE
In another dimension, this is still masterpiece
Rick owens got nothing on this man
Slow motion walking into the mist #Billian
2000 years later... still slaps 🔥
2137  years later this still a masterpiece
No one's gonna ask how he got a video shoot at the Windows XP background 👏
Why it feel like i Heard this song before
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Som Insano, os caras viajam nos comentários kk muita mitologia 😅
A new civilization later, this shit still hard
she def killed me
im just now like literally giving this nigga a chance... So this aint some yeat ass shit nigga wtf lmao somebody explain whats the difference between their sounds dont tell me shit bout no ad libs nigga they SOUND the fucking same so whos biting who?
Peak
you know carti dropping the bag on his team
Everything I do is so strategic...
Fr 🔥
what so good about candler road??????
10 years Later still  hits HARD and FIRE 🔥🦇
why this video got the filter like you just had yours eyes closed in the sun for a long ass time and just opened them type vibe
a family, 3 kids and no debt later, this is still a masterpiece
Done grew up graduated colledge went to mars became bros with ailens nd 1875 years later this still hard
267 years later and this is Beethoven.
We need YEAT on this track
19 later and still goat shit
What's this song about?
This video makes no sense 💀
As you can destroy lonely be in them fields straight drippin
music vid not opium
This is immortal lol
Ball like delle too hard
distruge singuratatea.
Sounds like Travis Scott kinda
thats the reverse ku klan
Its the fuckin windows 98 background colonised by theze munble rap
200 years ago I was already listening to this masterpiece
meme song
6 centuries later and this is still a masterpiece.
After listening to this for a 25 years, I guess I'm not gonna change anything in my old closet because BABY IM THE FASHION🔥😂
30 years later and sitll a masterpiece
+++
Been 20 years and it’s still a banger
Can’t believe this is going to be a classic. I’m playing this in the car for my kids in the next 15 years
50 years later this song still a majestical masterpiece
I just realized this is so a lil peep esq type beat bro would of murdered this if we alive smh
He's literally me fr fr
ILCK
this shits crazy
Kids if you wanna sound like this xans, 30s, and pre roll will get you the voice your looking for
🔥🔥🔥
Very good
If dicks could kill Baby I'm the penis demon
Even after the great extinction of the human race this still a banger
bro in the black hoodie was vibing @ 2:45
THE GOATTT ❤❤
Bro think he is Opium
6281 years later and  still this shit hits so hard
excelent woirk...
It’s been a century and this song still amazing
нашо одяг зпалили кускі
NOW THISSSSSS SLAPSSS>
Il be back in this comment section 10 years from now
I'm from the future and I can confirm this shit still gas 69 years later🔥🔥🔥
If miners could kill baby I'm the mining demon ridin down the mineshaft and I'm speedin I got hella hoes tryna make a farm with my bros I got hella iron lined up I'm in the mines I got hella blue and I get hella gold herobrine tan af I'm bout to get over to the house not damaged at all you can mine much I just like to build yeah build like grian oh  don't trade with villagers don't trade with piglins don't commit greifin everything I do is for a reason beat the ender dragon so strategic pickaxe please don't break on me  I don't need wood tools and I know they don't need me I done got the ender eyes I planned a raid in the end this evening we act crazy but I know we ready we so deceiving if miners could kill that makes every day nonexistent I'm getting diamonds I don't need no Iron. this job just makes me richer, don't sell cobble yeah. I smoke kelp in the mines nah not real I'm on top of the server yeah king of the realm I dont like no zombies I just grabbed some netherite real deal emerald takers walking around the village relaxing. I'm a mining master. I'm a diamond miner babe. I'm an all-time miner. but won't let no mobs play with me I'm a zombie killer after I kill em I might play with my doggy they all mining killers check out how they fight in my look they already dead my boy an archer finger he ready to fire it dont play with him I sponser my first nether portal I go in it and face piglins I look at these mobs and face em take the blaze rods yeah and I craft with em I'm walking on lava I got a bow loaded with flame enchants I'm in full netherite I put on enchants for my haters I gotta log off man cya later I'm the end lord real hard hitter I'm the real game boss you normal player I put on armor real notch apples baby I'm the mining demon ridin down the mineshaft and I'm speeding I got hella bows ready to shoot thats real bro I got hella bows ready to go I'm on a boat I get hella diamonds they all ready to craft my netherite is fresh af I'm bouta just quit man its getting mad boring thats all I couldnt spend over 5 months off its hard I guess I'm coming back like them youtubers dont trade with villagers, dont trade with them piglins dont do griefing everything I did was for a reason everything I did was so strategic  tnt please dont leave me I dont need you and I know the tnt cant even think I done got the ender eyes I planned a raid in the end this evening we act crazy but I know we ready we so deceiving If mining masters had luck that makes every day a mining evening (yes I did just revamp all of the lyric)
я как трил пил 🛑
this where they filmed the windows xp boot up ya?
Opium is 🖤
Back here bacause JD FROM BRAILLE
Damn 69 years later
I lowkey don’t see the hype but I respect it personally think yeat way better and ken Carson a lil better too
Damn its really been 4 years already and this still slaps
Still a banger in back here in 420
Nah bruh I’m telling my kids this was an episode of teletubbies
the fact that the most replayed part is literally the start of the song... says alot
fashion demon ❤❤💯💯😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😂😂😍😍😍😍😍😍✌✌💕💕💋💋✌✌✌✌💋💋👏👏💖💖🐱‍👤🐱‍👤✨✨✨✨✨✨😩😩😩😩🥶🥶🥶🥶🤠🤠🤓🤓🕸🕸🕷🕷👣👣👅👅
best song eva made
saw Lonelys rolling loud intro and had to check this song out...shit hard af🇿🇦
Who’s still listening in 2935
❤‍🔥
2 years later still goes hard 🔥🔥
When I heard this on transformers I started turning up so hard
Jadakiss & Griselda woulda killed this beat.
Might as well turn into a vamp!!
This is gonna blow up hard 2M views right now as of July 25th, 2023
BEST !!!
Mid af
thank you destroy lonely
Who listening in 2016 ? ❤
I tried to recreate Ken’s aesthetic with my own music that I’ve uploaded. Can someone please give me tips lmao?
Played this at a drive-thru, now it's a drive by
The biggest masterpiece in the history of op*ium 💀🖤
666 years later this masterpiece still hits hard🔥👹
!
Hoping this don’t kill me in the car
gotham vibes
Damn bro how did this song if Dick could kill up show this masterpiece. I didn't think it was possible... Shi*
This is a bop, but listen here. There is a version called if Dick could kill. It goes so damn hard that people are saying it goes even harder than this one. It's the type of s*** that you listen to with your girl and she is on her knees by the first verse, slob n on your knob. Spread the word boys this song will get you f*****.
opium kurwa nie?
This weirdly sounds like Rodeo Travis Scott
THIS SONG IS SO 🔥
Is ts in the new insidious movie fr
its so catchy just a very nice version of this grunge-hiphop crossover
future collab / wait till u see this
dear destroy lonely, i dont think this is really opium
Glad the impaler showed me this
Yeat would snapped
😈BRO IS THE FASHION DEMON😈 🔥🔥🔥
Im hearing travis scott 😂😂
Bro thinks he lone 💀
😩
10 years later this will be still fire
IS THIS DESTROY LONELEE????
lone>
🔥🔥🔥
YEA
♥️♥️♥️
422425424414415152526889 years later stil a masterpece
This is the future and the past all in one - timeless now and after the apocalypse 🔥
when i watch this video and listen to the music in the background i feel like i'm watching and listening to the story of a villain at the same time 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is still a banger even though it came out 40 years ago
sO opIUM.!
I love this song too bro incase any of my friends just lurk on the comments section and end up seeing my legendary picture
bro this trash asf
"album of the year"💀. This the only best song on the album
timeless
hard ass video
1191m years later and still a banger
SENSATIONAL ❤
🔥🔥🔥
i got a life sentence and it was my day to go and they ask what song I want to listen to so i picked this now i have a happy life and 4 kids thanks destroy lonely.
this is literally me
Like this alot
Im too old to understand why music that mid get any success
Sunt Albert Nebunul si vreau sa ti-l baaag 🗣💯🔛🔝
Even Metalocalypse said this was 🔥🔥
this is respectfully liquid shit
ho this not have 20 mill views??
I Just Wanna Thank You Mr Destroy Lonely I Was Siting At The  Highest Peak Of My City With A Mischievous Look On My Face While Watching For Crimes To Happen Then All Of A Sudden I Get An Alert Saying Someone Has Robbed The Bank So I Jumped Off The Building And When i Got Down There I Started Beating Them Up And One Of Them Slipped Past Me and Stole Someones Car So I Called For My Car An The Chase Begun I Was Swerving Through Traffic And My AI Thats Programmed In My Car Started Acting Up Then This Song Started Playing I Felt Like I Couldn’t Be Stopped Next Thing You Know it Im Right Behind Him And Popped His Tires Then Hopped Out And Started Pummeling Him So I just Wanna Thank You For Your Beautiful Song Mr Lone🙏
I've been waiting 24years for the playlist yo my success , who knew it would be one song
BABY I'M THE FASHION DEMON 🗣🗣🗣
Sounds like a yeat clone
284 years later. Still hits hard
W fuckin song
opium
Antagonist tour!
I love destroy pookie ❤❤❤❤
😔🤘🏻
Yessirr
Game needed this on the real drop some more heat
So hard
I’m done giving these new artists because shit gets worse and worse. This shit is terrible.
bro think he lone
windows lock screen ahh background
As a youngboy fan Im joining the coop 😤 slime shi let's join together
fell like demon
mix of yeat ,young thug and playboycarti😍
This shit is hot garbage wtf bruh. I gotta make some ass music to be Poppin or what
:P
253 years later and this still hits  hard
hit
This is so bad that it's good..
This is ass 😭
This yeat?
how you get on a lit track, shit on it, and still make it billboard onehuned 🙇🏿‍♀️ ight watch this
🔥🔥
Feel like a Batman Anthem
OPIUM****
if looks could kill
Still a banger 20 years later 🔥🔥💯
Baby, I'm the fashion demon Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's (nah) Don't shop at Neiman's (nah, no) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool, but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween) I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill (Top Floor), uh I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (Grabba, Grabba, Grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk round with a purple liver, uh I'm a fashion killer, I'm the shit, pop a band (pop a band) I'm a real big baller, but won't let no lil' bitch play with me (Grabba, Grabba) I'm a pussy killer, after I hit it, might let her lay with me (huh) She a fashion killer, check out how she walking, yeah, look, she slaying it (huh) My boy got a trigger finger, he ready to pull it, so please don't play with him (grrah) I smoke till my lungs black, lil' bitch, I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (huh, face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face em) Take the Chrome Heart' Timb's and I lace 'em (ha) I'm walking through hell, I got an FN loaded up with a laser (rah) My bitch rocking chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, l'Il see you later (go) I'm the dark lord, real soul taker (huh) I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (Boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Raver, raver) Baby, I'm the fashion demon (demon) Riding down Candler Road, and I'm speeding (speeding) I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road, shows) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm about to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greening out, you cannot get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (like Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's (no) Don't shop at Neiman's (no) Don't commit treason (no) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (huh) Baby, please don't leave me I don't need you, and I know that you don't need me (but I want you) I done got this fly, so, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (ayy) She act cool, but I know she evil (yeah), so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
300 b.c songs on top
Even after the mesozoic era, this shit is revolutionary 🔥
hella green
Salvation is found in Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ loves you all
🇧🇷🔥
I feel like i’m transforming now. Maybe a wolf
Beautiful song imma obsessed 💖💖
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
30 years after this still hits
155 generations and shit still slaps💥💥🥵
:0
Bruh really next carti
Yeeat???
Song still hits 397 years later, timeless classic, lone.
Who’s still listening to this in 2030
Don’t fuck wit opium🖤
this MIGHT be destroy lonely.
sound like  gotta blow his nose but the hook hard fr
Man shut up
like if you’re here after the moon crashed into the earth
when you realize this video is about the Opium initiation
beat's so dope
20 years later people will get nostalgia from this
this shit fire asf gang!!!!!!!!
if carti had an emo side
THIS MIGHT BE DESTROY LONELY
This is trashhhhhhhh bro rap gets worse by the year. I stopped at Yeat now I’m done with everything. It’s all trash. No originality and the same dark bs that brings humanity down. Drugs,sex and murder nothing new 🥱🥱🥱
to jest te cale opium????
THIS SHIT HARDD!!!!! OPIUM**
better than ken carson and yeat
who else still here in 2067?
0:01 -1980075 B. C. years later this is still a banger ‼️💯💯🔥
i love it
Destroy lonely, my puppy died yesterday but before he died he started humping my destroy lonely pillow and humming if looks could kill😔thank you destroy lonely
If looks could krill
This looks like the movie midsommar
i was born in the wrong generation....THIS IS REAL MUSIC
this may be destroy lonely
🧛🏿‍♂️🐺
i might be opium
L
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Was waiting for this to get good and never did
Where's Batman?
Ball Like Delavadova
OMG MY BROTHER OMG MY BROTHER IS IN IT
Sad moment in real life, but fuck true /w fun
You're a Godlonely😭🏆
Opium
This shi make my head hurt now im tired of the whole internet blastin this song
1.6 million
So opium🔥🔥🔥
Mid
if saying the opium label is fire kills you the entire world would be dead 🔥🔥🔥🔥
i love zerstör einsam
🖤🖤🖤❤️‍🔥
my dad left me 10 years ago, but as soon as i played dis song he came back in his hellcat, bought me some ricks, and poured me a double cup of the finest dirty sprite 🙏 thank u bobby wardell sandiemanie III!
FUUUUUUTURREREEE 🦑
This shi ass
Not sure what this is.
OPIUMMOFUCKAS4LIFE😈😈😈😈😈😈😈🗣🗣🗣🗣💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
He already top dog
This the new trippie clone? Except it sounds better
baby im the fashion. demon.
Lil Tracy clone
17 years and one month later and this still hits
kox nuta bro fr asf i lv u my man _
7 years later this still hits hard
so soothing
why is he w the kkk
This song and safety have my soul fr
here before 2 million views, here before 215,000 subs, I AM OPIUM.
✔️✔️😔🔊
16 mile 🔥
Lone will destroy
xd🎉
Is he really I-20 from DTP son??
Baby ima facist demon......
Opium 🧛🏿🦇
YO I AINT NEVER SEEN NOBODY GIVE CREDIT LIKE THAT IN THE DESCRIPTION!!! THATS WHATS UP!!  ERRONE GIT LOVE!! 100
i committed mass homixide because it was opium
A close friend of mine recently got into a really bad car accident. When i met him in the hospital, he was incapable of moving anything below his stomach. When the nurse left the room I played this song for him. Later that evening he transformed into a werewolf and took off on a motorcycle into the sunset. Thank you Destroy Lonely!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y15fgkMBSFw                                                             This is very close to the Darth Vader I am your father version.
bro WHAT this music video lame. Look at tylers stuff if you want to understand what makes a video good. this is mid-low teir. "We took the jeep and some shirts to the feild and burnt em" yeah man, reallll hard.
I swear I hear  Radioheads - Jigsaw Falling Into Place.
this song makes me feel like a werewolf riding a motorcycle fr
how listens to ris $hit 🤮
550 years later and this still slaps!
He sounds like a combination of Lil Tracy and playboy carti
whats the meaning behind the video?
Who still watching in 2024?
mid
Hol up ,Where's Batman !!??
lil pump better than this horrible rapper lol
1;30 batman cloud
Ball Like Dellavova⚡
CULT
Find god
So opium
bro think he opium
I'm I the only one who's thinks like Destory Lonley sounds like Travis Scott?
This shit is ass 😂 you young niggas find anything fire fr. Like do you hear this niggas delivery? It sounds like a whole ass meme. I can picture all the white kids with rep Rick owens/Margielas as I type this.
*A message to the future generations:*  _Don't let this song die._
What in the yeat is this
This is my competion 😕
Imbatakum
The official music video?
if looks could kill
я как трилл пилл
IF LOOKS CAN KILL IDAHBUDHABUHBADDAHBUHBADAHBUH 😂😂 ass
If looks could kill Baby, I'm the fashion demon  Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can not get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's, don't shop at Nieman's (nah, nah) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason  Everything I do is so strategic (is so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me, I don't need you
🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑
That’s not don toliver
who knew a watermelon muncher named Bobby would drop the hardest emo song of 2023
Everything i do is for a reason 🐍
Anyone catch the batman symbol shape in the clouds in 1:28?      lol imagine if this is batman's next theme song
Lone so cute 😩
Ball Like Dellavedova 🔥
*My favorite vibe lately true modern art*
20 years later still a banger
Should have been filmed in front of a church
No one told me this was so fire
Destroy Lonely, this song has changed my life. My whole outlook on everything that exists in this world, in fact even in the entire universe. I can never look at anything I know the same way ever again. This song represents emotions most humans could never comprehend. But I can. Thanks to this song I have been awakened to many things previously thought unimaginable. Thank you for this exquisite song.
WHERE WHAT LOVE THIS SONG BUT LOOKS CAN KILL 🦇🧛🏿‍♂️
mediocre as fuck, all this new rap coming out fuckin sucks, everyone doing these synth beats rappin the same, shit ain’t bringin nothin new to the table, First it was yeat after carti now here’s destroy the man who also don’t bring nun new
Unique bit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-YeQKMFSFE
Ruined a good beat, dude should have found an artist who could actually rap or sing because he should have just shut his dumb mouth
reminds me of the movie midsommar
é só o começo de um grande succeso
<3
🔥🔥
On my Batman shi rn
50 years it still hits just as hard!
i’m batman.
listening to destroy at night is just a whole diff mood
what in the windows xp is this masterpiece
Bebiamafesindemın
This where rap going? Man I’ll stick to drill fk it
Song aged like fine wine
Omg 😱
opium asf
all my homies hate destroy lonely
Saikosimm better
🔥🔥🔥
Очень крутая песня и в целом альбом.
incredible music video mane
This is so opium
🐺
🦇🦇🦇🦇🧛🧛🧛
I can't believe he's gone, the song hits as always. Thank you for your service, Destroy Lonely.
Anyone else know any lone songs like this one ?
i remeber me and the boys would play this back in nam cant believe how time flies
merci pour la culture                                        ang
On loop- hitting!❤
mid
sooo fkn depressing  i like it sometimes but sometimes i hate it
👎🏾
🔥🔥
Opium is the new wave
blud think he destroy lonely🔥🔥‼‼⁉
LONE 😍
i dont like to swisha i like grabba leaf lil nigga 1:15
This is so opium
Music is ass but the video is pretty cool 🔥🔥🔥
"Lonely" is an impeccably crafted song that captures the essence of solitude with remarkable precision. Its poignant lyrics delve into the depths of isolation, resonating with those who have experienced the weight of loneliness. With a haunting melody and emotive vocals, it evokes a powerful emotional response, making it a perfect composition.
If looks could krill
This video saved my life, I wouldn’t have been here today without the original classic og video thank you lonely 🙏
I travelled back from future (some 230 years) where they use it as a morning prayer in high schools across us
IF LOOKS COULD KILL BABY IM THE FASHION 💯🗣
This shit is wack but toward the end it cleaned up. Just seems like the production is weak
Beat is knocking fr 🔥🔥
👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽🎮🕺🏾🕺🏾🎶🕺🏾🎶🕺🏾🎶🕺🏾🎶💨💨💨🌊🌊🎶🕺🏾🎶🍃🍃🍃🍃👀💔💔😘💨🎶🕺🏾🥂🥂🥂🥂🕺🏾🥂🥂🥂🥂
Carti is a genius for not releasing music and signing lone.
I gotta see more of the look killer movie pls make a sequel
All Glory to the one true God Our Lord Jesus Christ I pray he Blesses you all its never too late to ask for forgiveness 🙏 ✝️ 🔥
KEEP THIS VUALYED!!!!!
I come from the future and i still lesen to this song
this kept me alive this year🖤
MAKE A SONG WITH ME
0% drugs drugs 0% naked women 0% flashy cars and clothes 100% BARS  thank you Eminem for this instant classic 🙏
a million years still bumping 🔥
🦇🔦
Lone is my guilty pleasure
Im a 64 year old man and i heard this song first when i was 15, back in 2022, since then i started dressing rickies and dr. MART3NS, pouring wock “errday” and wearing flare jeans, Lone really changed my life, i have a picture of me and him hanging on top of my bed so i remember he is the reason im the most stylish person on the whole of Portugal.
(Prod. by Derion, Ensm. by -1 & Comp. by XXXTENTACION)
🗣️ if looks could kill
This is ass and gas at the same time
Daaamn. Kant wait to get high on thisss!!!
Travis ?
Bruh now the memes make sense lmao wtf is this?
Lil bro gonna be the next YEAT
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMONNNNNNNNN
i love you.
Bae made the video without me 😢❤
the filter on the vid looks like you closed your eyes too long in the sun and then opened them again
im your ridin down candler road in atl and this turned on lol
я как трилл пилл
Yeat is that you? Lol
I’m here everyday
Jmp cookin
Twerk baby
imagine being asked to be in the if looks could kill music video
I just wanna turn into a wolf rn and howl at the Moon🐺🐺🐺🌅🙏🫡👀💯💀💯💯😈😈😈👺👹🤖🖤👾😞🕊🦅
Im Fashion Demon
chaveou irmão
Mr. Lone with the societal critical documentary on fast-fashion and the textile industry thank u Mr. Lone 🙌🏼
OPIUM!
i ty sie nazywasz raperem?
who still listening in 2023 ?
SHHH
243 years and this song still the flyest.  thank you   OPIUM
лайк за максима цибулю😘😘😘😘🥰🥰🥰🤩🥰🥰🤩😘😘😘😘😘😘🥰🥰🥰❤‍🩹❤❤❤❤❤❤❤‍🩹❤❤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤💯💯💯💯💯💯
💚💚💚
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
internet made irreparable damage to my brain
I bet he’s hot in that jacket
Theirs something wrong with this video, this is ritual or something.
300 decades later and this is still fire
ever since this song dropped ive been rocking all black every single day i let my sibling have my other sh!t
Amazing video
Гомно
Гомно
Гомно
Honestly haven’t been much of a destroy lonely fan. Decided to check this out on a whim and this is dope as fuck! Guess I might be reconsidering
Nyga really a fashion demon.😮
this vid is meh i expected way more tbh
:face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying::face-purple-crying::face-turquoise-drinking-coffee::face-turquoise-drinking-coffee::face-turquoise-drinking-coffee::face-turquoise-drinking-coffee:
when deepwoken music bro 🗣🔥💯
120 years later and this song is still amazing
this might be opium!
opiummmmmm !!!!!!!!!!!
2 weeks later and still heat 🔥
зачем в россии свой клип запретил цбшник
baby im the fashion demon
🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
hard
if looks could kill.
Riding down candler road and I’m speeding
ever since 200 bc this song cannot miss
If looks could kill.
5000 years later i still cant stop linstening to this masterpiece
BRO COOKED THIS FOR US WITHOUT A STOVE 💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯🗣🗣🗣🥶🥶🥶 BUT WE DIED OF HUNGER 🥶🥶🗣🗣💯🗣💯🔥🔥🧛🧛🧛🧛
Lone everyday
Love your music bro keep that shit up gang you’re the next up 🆙
Nm slap his like that
hepatitus4ba loves this song, might re consider the cancer treatment! welp, that happend! sonny boys!
he summoned his little rascals, my son! im proud of him but not this song, viper is still the best!!
Can't believe it's been 48 years since this dropped time flies  😞
I am batman type beat
Vampire May Cry
My king Bobby
This shi is crazyyyy i can't stop listening yooo
bro this instrument is so good at the end with the guitar
IAM BATMAN🗿
I‘ll never get tired of this song
My looks can actually kill
bro thinks hes lone
This would be my entrance song
this is actually the hardest shit ever
If looks could kill💅🏾💅🏾💅🏾
Respect to everyone who's still listening to this in 2023!
LIT AF🔥🔥🔥 OPIUM ON TOP
This song is clear opium🔥🔥🔥
This guy is live asf
TEAHHHH
this MIGHT be lone
whack
0:49 bro the Batman cloud is crazy
❤
GOATED SONG
this is some religious shit bro
Who made the beat?
Top tier visuals, vocals just dont match at all. Hella autotune and no rhythm. Just doesnt fit here, somebody remix this shit. Get earl on this beat.
this is fire
Beat on a different level
hes the darkest thing in the video
Its lonely at the top1️⃣
https://youtu.be/iizprf4rcp8
1st guy to 'rap' underwater
1:36 is willem
60 years and this song still hits
🔥🔥
One million views Yippie!
Hitt 1M
Opium 🧛🏿🖤🏴‍☠️
Yo If some kicks would drop in sync with those 808s it could add some serious heat🔥🔥
My nigga eating.." I'm walking threw hell, I gotta FN loaded up with a Lazer" 😤😤😤🖤🖤👏🐐🐐🐐
Lol
🔥🔥
rei
For a song that was all over instagram as a snippet I’d expect it to have more than a mill views but it’s still a mill more than I got on my channel😂
Lone the next vamp or wha?
Thank you lone. I now have something to listen to as I ride my bike of flames into the sunset like the alpha wolf. 🔥🔥🔥
https://youtu.be/OAjHd-Qxp24
Deerskin 2019 film vibes 🔥
What a lyrical piece
This music video is amazing!
I’m playing Fortnite
Iflookscouldkill
this is hard. i wanna make visuals for you
The beats cool but this song sucks…
🔥🔥🔥
He reminds me of travis scott so much
ass
Only 1700s kids remember.
That's lit man
if looks could kill 🔥
This go hard but I like SoundCloud version better 😭 imo
opium 🐺🐺
10 years later.. Still feels like the 1st time i heard it..
There's no beat other then guitars and hi hats and snares and 808s
Lone finna topa the game soon #opium4l
Underrated
typa shi im on fr..
lone classic
This hard 😖🔥
🐺
🔥🔥
All my DL niggas stand up ✊
Ain't no way lone thinks he is destroy lonley
IFL OOKS CVOUL DKILL
Playstation 5 need to sponsor this young fella for call of duty....he does this for a reason....let em know Destroy Lonely.....Fasho Fasho
Just another carti wanna be
fashion demon fr
he always sound like he needa blow his nose 🤧
я как Трилл Пилл
я как трилл пилл, детка да я фешн демон
The Peace Treaty of 2067 Between Werewolf’s and Vampires
7 centuries later and this still slaps 🔥🔥🔥
If Looks Could Krill..
This shit is amazing, if looks could kill...!?
masterpiece
this music video a whole movie fr w lone
im, lonely asf
Low frequency activities. This music lowers IQ.
Twilight vibes
No werewolf on motorbike Huge L
it all downloaded the moment i opened the app it gave me some other dum8 shit cmon man:/
this is so bad what is wrong with you kids
Why this trending on insta broski
Sunt Alnert nebunu vreau......
penis? 2:51
OH BOY THIS VIDEO IS GIVING ME GOOD OLD MEMORIES 👴0:29
hard
We gettin into the Opium Heaven with this one 🥷🔥💯
Opium
What a 🎵🎶🎵🎶🎵
Hi
The daytime part was boring but the nighttime made a comeback 🙏🙏😭😭😭😭
Opium
sunt albert nebunu si cand dau un shot sunt hornyyy
legendary
This video looks like it could've been made in the early 90s 🔥🔥
0:35 Now i see where windows XP stole the background image from
in a decade this will still  be a masterpiece i'm investing
Opium
🔥🔥🔥🔥
W
The audio sounds amazing for a song made 2000 years ago
Apple Music did the quality bad
🔥🔥🔥
Lol
i hope the ppl in the comments saying “he’s going up🗣️” are legit just gas lighting themselves to believe this is good. it’s just another playboi carti clone☠️
Nigga sound like uzi lil gotit
digga Christian was machst du da mit der Kleidung deiner Kinder 🤑🤑🤑
Original versions still better
this may in fact be destroy lonely
im a new destroy lonely fan now
wow this is straight garbage 🔥 shoutout da new gen dickridaz couldnt make me listen thru this without ya 🤞🏽💪🏽
S
U are alone nigga 😂
rick owen
я как трил пил
That goes hard 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Opium aah video
me after 12:00 a.m. 🦇🦇
Dis evening =Deceiving  ,he hit that 🔥
Albert nbn❤❤
Just superb 👍🏾
This song is so good and the music video matches it perfectly. Keep it up lonely, ur next.
OPIUM!!!!
bro think he opium
bro if destroy lonely ask yall to lick his toes yall would do it lmaoooo
.
This so opium
bro think he jeepers creepers
Heaven To My Ears
Where’s the wolf with  the motorbike 😭
Vibe d outro mundo 👽🎶
Imagine this but featuring yeat 🤔
opium cult
666 years later we still here
insane
400 years later and still a classic
🔥🔥🔥🔥💯
baby im the fashion demon
Я з 2038 року, це гімн України
I fucking love this 🎉🎉🎉
This going hard
im so destroy lonely
💦is what i do when i hear this
damn he good
🔊🔊🔊🔊
Why is he in my head 😈🦇🔥 bruh this shit is a classic 😂
🦇🦇🦇
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Who else wanted furries riding motorcycles for the music vid?
7 days later this still a masterpiece
Sound like partynextdoor and Playboi carti had a kid😂
“IF LOOKS COULD KILL BABY I’M THE FASHION DEMON” 😩😩😩😩😩
everything i do it's for a reason 🐺🐺🐺
Garret Mernick is the real MVP here
She in love with Lone
Трил пил запретил просмотр этого клипа в России
🔥🦅
the glazing in the comment section is crazy.
Nah but thats it🔥
When lone said, "Baby pls don't leave me. I don't need you". My mind : *........... What thaa fck*
*
VAMP CERTIFIED ⚰️ 🩸
shocked there’s no find god comments they ain’t get to lone yet thankfully
I really like this
i aint gone lie bruh i aint listening to the song after 10 seconds lol
if looks could kill . . .
so me rn
I didn’t understand a word this nigga said. Another trash “rapper” in this minstrel “rap” generation. He mumbling all through the track. His father is supposedly I-20 who used to be down with Ludacris’ Disturbing the Peace click back in the day. He raps nothing like his father.
я как трилл пилл
Imagine this in fast and furious 11
Bro spitin
blud uploaded the music video 3 months late
It's a god send to finally hear Mr. Bobby Wardell Sandimanie III's newest song!
3 years later still a classic
I get bitches I dont need no wingman 🤸🏽‍♀️
bro about to drop a bankai
Uh be on top
w
this finna go bigg
THIS IS NOT DESTROY LONELY
Im so fkd up but i know if looks could kill baby im a fashion demon
I def fw the song but if you religious at all or not even and your just educated about christianity you’ll see what the video symbolizes, not tryn force my beliefs on anyone tho, great visuals🤝💯
This song are real eargasm
îf you ever feel useless, remember this song has vocals
😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
THIS IS PEAK
''baby im a fashion demon!!🧛‍♂😈''
hard
THIS MIGHT BE OPIUM🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
if looks could kill baby im a fashion demon
This is way better than I imagined
Top floor boss
wtf type song fr
Khloe s floating
👽
✊🏾support from Zim 🇿🇼🇿🇼🇿🇼
https://youtu.be/SDWC2lNgBgQ
This gone b one of those songs we gone come back to like “yea dis dat shit” dem young folks gon shazam quick wid it
W
my bae was finna leave me until i finally told him i listen to if looks could kill by  destroy lonely he been in love with me for 11 years
need the jacket
Bro yeat 10 times better than this I feel like he a copy of everyone and his beats are literally just guitars and guitars (and guitars). Idk he sound to similar to everyone yeat made up his vocals he literally mumbling and making weird noises and whistles and literally sampled talking Ben and made up other artists even tho it just him. He also make his own twïzzy language like that shit ridiculous (🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥)
🇦🇺😅😘🤩
so opium
czy to nawiazanie do midsommar ?
THIS IS STRAIGHT ASS 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Came here from Pewds video and I honestly didn't expect you to be this good. You really defied my expectations, emaculate.
🦇🧛🏽🦇🧛🏽🦇
😤😤🔥🔥
they lowkey dragging this shit...
Who is Destroy Lonely? To the blind, he's the light. To the hungry, he's bread. To the lonely, he's company. To the sad, he is joy. For me, he's everything. being a Destroy Lonely fan isn't just a hobby, it's a lifestyle
midsommar lone
Should’ve been a motorcycle instead of a offroad car 😞
CEO OF OPIUM FRRR
🔥🔥
No way they sacrificing the fits, this too hard tho.
unpluged my grandmothers life support to put this song a speaker
Usuário mais fraco de OPIUM🩸🩸
MUSIC VIDDD 2 FYEEE
Brodie think he destroy lonely
I keep seeing niggas that want my soul
If looks could kill
🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🔊🔊🗣🗣
So destroy lonely so carti so opium so lone omg😊
7 years later and this banger still goes hard 🔥
Destroy x Yeat 🤔
Music video reminds me of a movie that I don't want to name.
DONT COMMIT TREASON ⚔️
Krl que som surreal, juro que já escutei mais de 50 vezes bizarro
i feel the demons coming inside of me 😈
Destroy is just the fucking goat man, nothing to say here, ken and him are real artists
666k
bro really started with the beat drop 💀
they're like teletubbies
💣💣💣💣
Dear Universal Music Group:  Please fire whoever does your subtitles.  Sincerely, Everyone
Destroy needs to rap on a linkin park track ong
Only hard part is ball like delladova
I know an industry plant when i see one
this is so hard bruh 😭
this some heat 🔥🔥🔥
Music videi makes no sense to me
my looks dont kill
Does my new song "Pink Rose Pedals" have any potential??
Filmed at Windows XP wallpaper
Why is he using crosses as clothing hangers
Shhheessshh🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
OPIUM
masterpiece.
here be4 1M hit
basic ass video for such a legendary song
Supreme inquisitor opium
Put the quality to 144p and it looks like a 1990 horror movie
this is a masterpiece that cannot be destroyed this this yeat 2.0
Song - 10/10 music video - 0/10
I prefer that edit with the lonely werewolves
black yeat!?
If looks could kill!
This IS Destroy Lonely🗣🗣🤑🤑💯💯
This is DEFINITELY Destroy Lonely🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
if looks could windows XP
♥
Here before tik tok
Used to blast shots at this nigga's ass back in highschool until nigga said one day that he's a VAMPIRE now
Opium himself
trash not enough werewolves or motorcycles.
opium forever 😭
this so opium
look bruh lone goes hard but all these comments feel like they from bots 💀
only Destroy Lonely song I like
Leonardo LoneVinci
W
yeah
cultish ah video
Music for OGs 😤
Bro I have a music video on my channel that is somewhat similar lmaoo
28th may! im in a happy relationship.
Destroy Lonely Playlist https://youtu.be/opVi5-VQqPs
Biz hep burdaydik baba
GOAT
buce vudedi
When the music doesn't match the video 🤣
Bro converted them to opium
Teledysk lepszy od nuty
very nice opium fits dawg😎
This man gonna change the world
classic 🙌🏽
this actually kinda sick
This is Destroy Lonely.
Perfect ❤
Bro released the vid clip way too late bro. If it had released at the release date it would've had more clicks bro. But love h lone
this just might actually be lone…No this is lone
Lonely🔥
!¡!
opium
Great Cinematic Video!
W
when the music video dont match the song lol
i lover you
💥💢
gotham called me, they need me.
If looks could kill, that makes me a pacifist.
opium videos certified bangers
DONT SHOP AT  DOVERS🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯
opium
Bro think he Destroy Lonely😭
bro is NOT batman
Bro is a lonely wolf
Cultural
What is this music video even about💀
Ⓜ️
Finally why now u drop this sh😂
🐺🐺
long over due
wonderful 🙌
Let A24 make alternative horror out of this
the live stream was cool
DISTRUGERE SINGURATIC🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣
after many lightyears this is still an exquisite tune. thank you mr lone.
⚡️
He reminds me of a dark Don Toliver
HARD AFFFF GOOLLYYY
Yessir 💯
I see Travis scott influence here
Bro is gonna be artist of the decade
love this
been on repeat for mooooonths!!
This is so opium
so opium
sant albert nebunu vreau sa      ti l baag
W destroy lonely
if u ride down the highway listening to this when there’s no one on the highway at 2 in the morning that would be the best time of your life
Destroy Lonely once again got hella banger low key..... dont commit treason at all cost...
Makes me want to walk around with a screen, w/ vid on 🔁
Yeah guys we have a new upcoming artist for summer 23
this beat is honestly amazing
how do you even make a music video to this song
If looks could kill 🫨👹
Mid
look killa
🦇o(><；)oo
G.O.A.T
We love lonee🫶🏿
This music neee yeat :(
This is so opinion 💯🔥
W lone as always
Who's still watching in 2019?😩
best 2023 song
ANOTHER HERE NOTICE HOW WERID THIS VIDEO IS
Batman vibes
Opium song fr
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
peak of 2023
lone needs to make more movies fr
this is so opium bro
He doesnt stay on beat
Lonely
only 2798 kids remember this 😥
tarkovsky?
I LOVE YOU LONMEEEEEEEEEEEEE <3333333333
God bless
bro bout to milk this song so much 💀as he should
I'm be a Famous Music Producer in Atlanta  in School Year of 2029-2030 ; Black Friday 2029.
best song ive heard in my life
🐺🌹⛓
Fya
Bbay im Da fashion  Demon🧛🏾‍♂️
РИФМЫ И ПАНЧИ/ОБРАЗЫ 6, РЕАЛИЗАЦИЯ СТИЛЯ 9, СТРУКТУРА РИТМИКА/7, ИНДИВИДУАЛЬНОСТЬ/ХАРИЗМА 1, АТМОСФЕРА/ВАЙБ 5, ТРЕНДОВОСТЬ/АКТУАЛЬНОСТЬ ЖАНРА 6, ОБЩАЯ ОЦЕНКА 82/90
Dammmmn❤🇧🇷
Dellavedova: I'm takin the ve out the middle on my name
2:32 estoy apunto de busto en trombón
So nostalgic
Hard 🔥😤
почему в россии слушать нельзя чорт
guys don't shop at nieman's
Intro shoulda been looped 🤷🏽‍♂️
the kkk??!!
men that sucks, try not ot have your tracks leaked before release ((
Lone is too fye🔥🔥
Genius bro.
He’s The Real Batman
✌🏾😔
my mannnnnn
Its been 25 years i still come back to this masterpiece
fire is it true you'll be in roblox
Opium
So good
hood classic
The background beat sounds familiar like i heard it in a horror movie
W
this is so opium
green asf
This is such a missed opportunity. Could’ve been one of the better music videos of the decade. I was hoping to have drama like the guitars, moody space. Looks like a default empty field. I was thinking more like Gotham dark city vibes
божевільний !
🤧🕸️🕷️ nothing better than this
I smoke dope by the pound Yea Fr 😳
This is master opium
this might be the best produced song i’ve ever heard fr
I love the Twilight type filter....... vamp shit
N he summon a fashion demon when he sacrifice the clothes 🥵
Wat df is yhu gon were if y'all burn yo fits
I overdosed on opioids watching this 🗣
this will forever be a masterpiece, let’s see who’s still here after 15 years
its ite 💀
SO STRATEGIC
yes
🔥🔥🔥
What in da yeat is this?
BRUH I WAS JUST LOOKING FOR A MUSIC VIDEO LIKE 2 DAYS AGO WTF
Baby, I'm the fashion demon 😈😈😈
I love this song
Rema sent me here
I am an alpha werewolf. This made me transform and run at midnight, my eyes glowing red and my mouth full of fangs I traversed through the forests of my city. My roar was so loud, people called the cops and animal control quickly rushed here. People took photos while I was running, they posted it online but my red eyes blinded their cameras, so it was taken as nothing but photoshop. I woke up on a shore of a lake with blood on my neck, mouth and hands. The yellow sand around me was tainted red from my footsteps. I hope it was an animal.  woke up on a shore of a lake with blood on my neck, mouth and hands. The yellow sand around me was tainted red from my footsteps. I hope it was an animal.
100M views soon
HOLY FUCK 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This song gives me a weird feeling..
Classic
LONE 🐐🐐🐐‼️‼️‼️
crazy
Trashy Scott
i think this might be opium
Sematary
Al bum is crazy we need that safety video and Brady girls
"I GET BiTCHES I DON'T NEED NO WINGMAN I GET RICHES, I DON'T SELL NO WEED MAN (That right there.)"
Had me once I heard the guitar strums! Don’t see that a lot, ALL INSTRUMENTS MATTER!
what does this video mean tho
TCS Bhediya Awooo
here for caleb lodish and riley
Real destroy lonely!
❤️
Y’all can’t see that we the kids n white once u realize that shit vid not to cool no more
Came after hearing this on a Instagram video of someone 💩 on his pants in public
opium ahh video🥇🥇🔥🔥🔥🔥
This how I felt  sneaking on my windows computer at night as a kid
Please clip superstar
a24 horror movie aesthetic
Why is this trash trending? This is literally garbage music. Man is literally more off beat than BlueFace baby.
Travis clone
Opium
пахнет какашками
bobbywardelsandimanie3  умница!
молодец что на природе бываешь
одежду раздавать не стоило
I’m disappointed that lonely didn’t turn into a werwolf and riding a bike to a sunset 😢
will wood refrence
молодец
yall think they actually burned clothes
opium takeover 🔥🔥🔥🔥
hard!! new wave
IM A FASHION DEMON
The video doesnt fit the song at all. Absolute trash vid ngl. Should have been wayyyy edgier and badass
Wack on another level
this video is insane
Reverse racism?
Lovell was here
Midstroy Midley
JMP THE goat
bro so ugly lmao
I took gf ikr kill
wtf is thhis videeo bruh
Matthew Dellavedova Cavs Legend 🔥
W SLAVE
Don't shop at DOVER'S
ive truly become a new beast. lone has showed me the way
bruh how many videos does this song have
Baby am the fashion demon♥️♥️
Im currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was 0:00 That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 1:42 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. it absolutely moved my soul , and I don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon.The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any piece of bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a piece of bacon I have ever seen especially on 0:47 I am currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was at 1:12. That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 0:32 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. theres genuinely no way u are reading allat 💀. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair.  It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. Tt absolutely moved my soul , and i don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon. The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a piece of bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a bacon I have ever seen especially on 1:20. I am currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever. I can’t believe how magical it was 1:12.That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 0:59 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of the books I have read. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a film, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. The work put in to this is incredibly inspiring. The graphics, the animation, the music, so much thought was put into it. This has remined me that you can do anything you put your mind to. Not even mentioning the memories, this makes me feel like an infant again, just laying my eyes on this beautiful masterpiece gives me all the good feelings in life. I also understand what happiness is again from this. Not even to mention the most incredible part that is 1:20 . Bacon spinning has changed my life for the better. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. it absolutely moved my soul , and I don't think I can ever be the same. this bacon has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. So much great graphic design, so much suspense, so much greatness in this one video. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. the bacon is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow it's great words with us. we are all children on bacon. hail bacon. hail bacon. The spinning bacon, rotating in one direction with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a bacon do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when the bacon spins, showing its lightly salt covered tan skin. I can hear the crunch just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of the bacon scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor.  The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing her love for this rotating bacon. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any bacon I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a piece of bacon I have ever seen especially on 1:20 I am crying. This has made me go through an emotional rollercoaster. I cried, beat off, and also watched a movie while watching this premiere. This has made me go through so much. I passed depression because of this. It really inspired me to become an outstanding young man. Thank you.
this video so goofy
honestly, lone is creating a new genre
0:48 the cloud in the middle looks like a skull
real.
0pium
Finna show this to my kids one day
Always gives me Travis Scott vibes 🔥🔥🔥🔥👌
Bro found that windows xp background 💀
🦇
Yes.
Idk why I love this so much 😕🤭
burn ur clothes
the Roblox concert was fire 🔥🔥🔥
It would’ve been funny if he cosplayed a wolf 🐺 and rode a motor cycle at night instead
TOP.FLOOR.BOSS.
lone said “burn those trash ass clothes my children”
444 🇧🇷
🔥🔥🔥🔥
If looks could kill 🐺
gaf what anyone say. this man is HIM
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👹👹👹👹👹👹
🐺👕
ЧТО ТВОРИТ ЭТОТ ЗАПАДНЫЙ БРО💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥☠️☠️☠️ОН ГОЛОДАЛ😈😈💯🔥🔥🔥ОДИНОЧЕСТВО🔥🔥🔥🔥😈😈😈😈
what was this video even about???!??!
Mr. Lonely thank you for saving my crippled son. I played this masterful piece to my crippled son, in hopes that he could listen to this orgasmically electrifying organization of beats and sure enough, he shed tears of joy. My wife and I noticed that his legs started twitching which was uncanny considering he's paralyzed from the waist down. He grabbed the two arm rests of his wheelchair and he began to almost levitate, and right as he was about to get off his wheelchair... He fell off, flipping the wheelchair, broke his back and died. At least he can now rest easy knowing that his looks literally killed him...
Destroy perfection Lonely
Still think the unreleased version is better
This sure is something!
sacrifice to the fashion demon
he’s tryna find emm triplin
Billy been quite since this one that’s fo sho🦾
SO ØPIUM 🤑🤑🔥🗣🗣🔥🔥
Hard asf
🤙🏾🏴‍☠️
so opium
now drop hldmyhnd 🙏
I was here the day this drop btw
sound like yeat?
Inspired by The Village! Too fire!! 🔥🔥🔥
FIRE
easily one of the best music videos of 2023 so far
This guy scary  asf😂😂😂
had me thinking this was my weekly meet up w/ the people in white
opium barn
So opium
WOW
bros tuff as shit and he gonna be so big one day
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwww
opium anthem
he destroyed the lonely 10/10
This music vid made me turn into a werewolf and ride off into the sunset on my motorcycle.
w song
The Batman
If looks could kill…
Dont know why i expected to see a wolf on a motorcycle
legendary
the cinematography in lone's recent music videos it way different from any other rapper and honestly fits his whole aesthetic perfectly
We are going to have a good summer I can feel it !
This video went a little too hard 😱🔥
IF LOOKS COULD KILLLLL❤😂😂
This is jus simply on some like cult like shi and I like it 😈🗿
fashion killa
When that lone starts playing💀💀💀
Music video sucks
desytoyy! loely!!!
0:38 twd season 8 reference
Ohh
Can someone explain this video
word
Upper Echelon vibes
We got a new yeat
DR. HAN I AM DESTROY LONELY!!
BABY I'M THE FASHION DEMON 🧛🏽‍♂️🦇🩸
Missed opportunity to make the music vid him riding into the night as a werewolf
Big Midsommar vibes
Why he droppin the video so late tho?
Я как трил пилл ….
Dang brahh
W
Beautiful 🥹
Industry plant, should have stayed independent…
he kills clothes
W
ilck
W
Why does carti artist drop more than him If lone continues to be this consistent bro gonna be bigger than carti
🔥🔥🔥
opium massa
lets all love lone
Lowkey david bowie vibes
1:55 when he said i gotta go bitch see you later he shoulda ended it there
So the visuals mean that he is turning the youth from innocent church going children ☁️ to opium upside down cross ahh niggas 🌑
this is so opium
Bro just made everybody burn their clothes to wear all black clothing?  🥷🏽❤️‍🔥
Half of these comments feel like they are bots.
bros the opium headmaster
this so opium*
How does he does it
such a song to play on a farm driving now that I see it
this more of a movie than music video
W
The Uno influence is huge here
🥰
Hard asf
WHERE IS THE WOLF
nah bro def sold his soul😭😭😭
12 years & this still hits the same
goes hard on mute 🔥🔥🔥
WHY ISNT HE HEADING TOWARDS THE MOON ON MOTORCYCLE ?????!!!!!!????
TOPFLOORBOSS🔥🔥
bro thinks hes destroy lonely
destroy looney tunes goes krazyy
I can't believe that Destroy Lonely finally killed looks, truly the most opium of all time.
Lone
este negro foi genuinamente no inferno 😯💯
😈🔥
I went from memeing this to lowkey liking it
150 years later still feels fresh to my ears thank u mr lone
Ain’t that the windows desktop image
SHTIS ASSSSSSSSSS
Literally me
Literally what happens when you listen to destroy lonely
3 Seconds After on Opium:
Opium ahh clip but clean
amazing
MASTERPIECE
this might be batman
this so opium
daamn
"To become opium you need to give up everything you know"- lonley probably
finally
If looks could kill fr
bout time bro got that carti timing
this is so cinematically beautiful
Damnnnn
Wish they used the intro from look killa
music video of the year
Ok Lonely
The sky 0:47 lowkey look like batman logo
It's just unique... starving for feeling like this
Came from 2028 still a banger 🖤
Holocaust reference is fire 🔥
🐺
Midsommar?
This is so opium
Brabo 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
No way
I was expecting a batman video
🔥🧛🏾
sunt albert nebunu si vreau sa ti l bag
🔥🔥🔥
🐺🐺🐺🐺
😈😈
Who need beats?
Opiüm Slaughterhouse 🦇🔪
Where is batman??? Where is the werewolf???? Why isn't he riding into the sunset????
👁▲
🔥🔥🔥🔥
🔥
daqui uns anos meus filhos vao me dizer q isso é musica de velho q era emo e depressivo na adolescência
broskiii i love this shit 🔥🔥🔥
so opium
The visuals are giving Vorldomort from Harry potter
Midsommar?
Whack
Bro had one chance to ride a motorcycle in this song and blew it ☠️
>>
Dis your hardest video
the holy mountain and midsommar vibes
💯💥💥
LONEEEEE
The beat is just- OUUUUU🔥🔥😫!!
Opium initiation
Best Lone Clip 😭 This sh** is hard
🥷🏾
Naah this shit is so opium
🧟
BROOOO THIS WAS FYE
another confusing music video by destroy lonely
this song makes me feel like batman 🦇
NIN videos:
if looks could krill…🦐
this dat shi onb!
people finna have a field day with this one.
1:30 my fav part
**LEGENDARY**
plant
this is incredible 00
his best vid yet
Nah these visuals is 🔥
Fashion Hitler
baeeee
love
Look at DL man, so inspirational
opium initiation ritual
LOOK KILLAAAAAA AHHHH
This is so Opium 💯💯😭😭
i'd hate to be one of them people who was dressed in white then got their clothes burnt😂
🔥
investing in this.
Hello Mr lonley, My name is Noah bartolomei and I am a follower of you. Everyday I wake up to you, I beat to you, and I sleep to you. Please adopt me, Mr meow meow says hi
bros late af
Opium W 🎉😮
"I get hella green i get hella toes" 🗣💯
Windows background is crazy
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Destroy Lonely will be a household name someday 🙏
A única q presta dps de Nostylist
they set to flames all they knew and switched to all black
ur so cool, lone. this makes me like you even more now.
This is so lonely destroy
Opium shii🩸🧛🏾‍♂️💯
So goff
Gazzz
firee
"all black fit that's the perfect attire"
Can’t wait to hear this live this summer
lonely is my president
tf is this music video 💀
im gonna tell my grandkids this is was the shit back in my day
Destroy lonely 😩 🔥
i'm the fashion demon
🦹🏼‍♂️
Masterpiece
Ngl I was expecting some fighting shit like elden ring
Lone going to the top🇰🇪🇰🇪
❤️
This shit low-key gave me midsommer vibes
wes anderson ahh color grade
Dressing in all black 4L
Fav ❤ part was when lone said "its lonen time" and loned over everyone 😂
im a literally batman
🔥🔥
got to meet lone back before his song bane popped off and before he signed to opium. he put me onto his music while we were posted up outside of NOSIGNAL in ATL. seeing his growth and seeing the youth ride hard for him and OPIUM is cult like.
The beat, the flow, the lyrics, all of it adds up to what i would consider probably the worst song I've ever heard.  This is 100% Grade-A PURE wack material.  How is this even possible?!?!
say opium if yall opiumm
God tier song even better vid🔥
that was hard
🔥🔥🔥
That’s so opium
This MIGHT be Destroy Lonely ⁉️⁉️⁉️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥
windows xp ahh places
If looks could killll
Opium Gang Ya Know 😈
Marilyn Manson
harrd
Destroy Lonely is a huge inspiration to me and I WILL produce a song for him one day!
it gives 2007 rockgroup music video vibes
This song is going to be legendary in a year or two.
Why this nigga sound like he got a cold
W lone
my favorite song ever. and the video fye omll
lone's carbon footprint doubled after this dropped
Chocking Girls better
Inspirational
If looks could kill🤯
If u don’t think lone is the best in underground plz just leave 📈🙈
Lonely fans are dead over this
I can respect it at least
Destroy Lonely - If Looks Can Kill Lyrics   [Intro] If looks could kill  [Chorus] Baby, I'm the fashion demon  Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can not get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's, don't shop at Nieman's (nah, nah) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason  Everything I do is so strategic (is so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me, I don't need you And I know that you don't need me I done got the flyest, I'm on a date with the moon this evening  She act cool but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)  [Verse] I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill, uh (we top floor) I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (grabba, grabba, grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, huh I'm a fashion killer, I'm a shit popper, babe (shit popper, popper) I'm a real big baller but won't let no lil' bitch play with me I'm a pussy killer after I hit it, might let her lay with me  She a fashion killer, check out how she walkin' Yeah, look, she slayin' it My boy got a trigger finger  He ready to pull it, so please don't play with him I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face 'em) Take the Chrome Heart Timbs and I lace 'em  I'm walkin' through Hell I got an FN loaded up with a laser  My bitch rockin' Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, I'll see you later (go) I'm the Dark Lord, real soul taker I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Rave, raver)   [Chorus] Baby, I'm the fashion demon  Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' (speedin') I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can not get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's, don't shop at Nieman's (nah, nah) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason  Everything I do is so strategic (is so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me, I don't need you And I know that you don't need me I done got the flyest, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (yeah) She act cool but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
Where is Batman ?
i aint give permission to film me
boring
Leeeessssss Go!
smash :3
thats frosty frenzy
The amount of glaze in the comments
Where's the batman costume? 😭
Шоколадный раздал фишку🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
This would be better if they just filmed it at night
I can confirm his looks can kill. Im dead rn 💀 💀
I AM TRANSFORMING‼️‼️‼️……. “🐺”
حلل ام التراك
Legit ur the best artist inside opium rn.
this shi do not match the vibe but its harrrd
BANGERRRRR
im transforming man
lone doesn’t miss man
this shit beautiful asf
🐺🐺✊🏿✊🏿
so opium
Video well directed 😎🤯
fashion demon❌✝️
Opium gang
batman
nobody do music videos like this keep going wolf!
holy fuck
LOOK KILLA
Already the music video of the year
cool concentration camp comercial😀👍
Classic 🦇
we ❤ lone !
Finally 😍
Future Classic for our Generation
Cult leader
Destroy Lonely should make a song with sematary
I'm currently crying so hard right now. This is seriously the most beautiful, well put together story ever Destroy ever made. I can’t believe how magical it was 1:12. That part truly made me shed a tear. And especially at 2:34 that part was just so truly heart touching words can not describe the series of emotions I felt. I absolutely loved the climax it had insanely excellent detail. Oh and we can’t forget the conclusion. The conclusion was the greatest and saddest conclusion I have ever seen better than any of destroys songs I have herad. Thank you so much for creating this absolute masterpiece. This is essentially the most important masterpiece of film history. It is a tragedy that this, it can’t be called a song, but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing the bacon go whirly swirly in a circle countless times. it absolutely moved my soul , and I don't think I can ever be the same. this song my Destroy Lonely has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. Destroy Lonely is so inspirational , it shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow his great words with us. we are all sleeping on Destroy Lonely. The name "if looks could kill", goes all directions with this music... This made me tear up. How could such a guy do such a thing? I'm struck by awe by this masterpiece. Especially when Destroy says "Check out how she walkin" . I can hear the rythm just from here, and so as the beautiful sound of it scraping the dark, smooth velvet floor. The flavor, music and everything can be heard, tasted, seen and felt from a screen. You can really hear the breaths between the music artist, empathizing his love for his music. Truly what I call modern art. This was the most legendary performance by any piece of underground artist I have ever watched. The acting was top tier and very life changing. This is one of the greatest work from a piece of Opium I have ever seen especially on 2:33.I am currently crying so hard right now.  it can’t be called a "Meme song by Destroy", but a transcendent emotional experience, will be inaccessible for most. It beautifully encapsulates the human struggle to its basics; suffering, pleasure, faith, despair. It connects with the characters within the viewers, individuals suppressed within our own subconscious. It stays vibrant, fresh, and revolutionizes the art of storytelling and filmmaking while making a damn of statement on what it means to be human. Entertaining, gripping, and simply exhilarating. This might be the most impactful piece of art I’ve come across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future to study it more deeply. this is an absolute masterpiece , I was brought to tears listening to this and seeing Destroy lonely whirly swirly in a circle countless times. Tt absolutely moved my soul , and i don't think I can ever be the same. this young artist has changed my entire mental state , I am now at peace with who I am and what I will be doing later in my life. i have forgiven all my enemies and now I am a man of a pacifist life. I will move on , gotta move on , as the song says. destroy is so inspirational , he shares it vast wisdom with all of us , and we are all so lucky that it would bestow his great words with us. this will go across in my life, and I’m definitely coming back to it in the near future. this is an absolute masterpiece. Thank you, Destroy Lonely.
this song makes me feel like im batman
The most Fashion Demon clip I every seen
okay lone i see you ❌😮‍💨😮‍💨
this is going to blow up the album and make it even more succesful than it already was, with another video clip for a song in the album, this shit finna get lone out of the underground forever. AND THIS PRODUCTION IS NEXT LEVEL, LIKE THAT'S BASICALLY A MOVIE AND IT ALSO UNIQUE, THERE'S A NUMBER OF ARTISTS DOING AMAZING VIDEO CLIPS LIKE MOVIES, ONLY IN THE MAINSTREAM, BUT THIS IS DIFFERENT. I see this getting like 10 million views in a month for real now.
this is so black opium
I’ve been waiting for this!
veio pro brasil gravar o clipe
Fashion demon
🔥
ma look killa
💕💯
W song
favorite song
Opium overlord
Fire🍢
Love this song and album Fuck a critic
ILCK
I didn't think that he was serious about making a CULT
every chromosome in my body is feeling this
certified fashion demon
Midsommar?
😮
Only people who didn’t come from TikTok can like this.
This is showing how lone turned us to opium
This music video is just legendary
What you doing..???
Greatest song ever 🔥🔥
Opium Prince
Destroy Lonely's "If Looks Could Kill" entered my life at a time when I was teetering on the edge of despair, trapped in the clutches of addiction and surrounded by hopelessness. Lone's powerful lyrics and mesmerizing melody became a lifeline, pulling me out of the darkness and igniting a flicker of hope within my soul. Destroy Lonely became more than just an artist to me. He became the catalyst for change, the guiding light that showed me a path towards redemption. Through his music, Lone not only saved my life but also became the savior of Opium. His art is a reminder that even in the depths of despair, there is the possibility of transformation and rebirth.
real creative shix. and he don’t need to do any controversial shit to make it stick. Real inspiration from my other state Georgia
RELEASE THE OLD VERSION 🔥🔥🔥
Bruh hard been listening to him for like 2 months now
I love this sm
IF LOOKS COULD KILL! 😈
If looks could kill, dat mean everyday is Halloween den
Where’s the wolf? Where’s the bike????
Thank you Mr Lone, I can now die in peace.
в Карпатах знімали
Maybe this will inspire Opium fans to go outside and touch grass
Fire
This song is a masterpiece
on that cult shi fr
who rolled dat blunt?:))
Everything i do is so strategiccc  Shxt hard
Damn the ozone layer
Sir Lonely has done it once again ‼️
🔥🔥🔥
*leans back while looking into the sky*
this video looks very hard to watch under the sun
Lmao......bot generated comments, i see you YouTube....lone done paid the entry fee
The best song
блядь шо це
Mr. Fashion demon helped me with financial issues, thanks 🙏🏻
Good video but not what I thought it would be
monstro demais 🐺
if dick could killllll baby I’m the nutting demon
let him cook
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMON
So much better than the movie
❤
Destroy & linkin park collab would be hard
Drop something new
Lone really made himself a cult, I love how the mv solidifies that
baby 😫
Офигенно
the best song of destroy lonely
Firee
blasting this inside my batmobile
Yesirrr
Best of 2023
This shit gonna be nostalgic
Shits ass ngl
if you didn’t know what opium was. now you know.
Dude these hella lights went crazy with the lyrics at the beginning
🔥🔥🔥
🔥Legendary song and guitar 🔥
w
director cooked
the video is indeed very opium
GW SUKA NIH GA STUCK DI MV YG GITU GITU AJA
look killa
This year is yours😭🔥
All these bitches i don't need no wingman
got my toes curling and shi
Song and video perfect ..big up
So simple, yet so wonderful, OPIUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gg!
IF LOOK COULD KILLL🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
masterpiece
BABY I'M THE FASHION DEMON🤓
Creaming
Hard
Why this mix better then the album version tho 😮 this got variations of the beat and stuff
masterpiece
Meow!
Kto przed milionem? ja slucham 144k wyswietlen 😎😎💪🤙
kto przed milione ja słucham od 100k wysietlen pzdr
W
Watching from South Africa.
Real
bro is the fashion demon fr
Killa
Song too catchy
Make sure y’all right with Jesus  before y’all leave the earth is all I’m saying dangerous times
just readd the intro bring the intro back from the unreleased version and this mix is perfect
good music video keep goin uppppp
👽👽👽
That was hard
IF LOOKS COULD KILLLLL
🐺 🏍️ 🌙
😈🔥
amazing song
Best song of 2023
ДЕТКА ДА Я ФЭЭШН ДЕМООООН
Needs a video for how u feel it would be something beautiful
Bro the hints in the video are amazing. Just looking at your video I can see small details that not everyone will catch onto w video fr
video clip should be on gotham
changing our generation
w
lone on top
my school spray painted ur name on the walls
interesting
W
Tout est incroyable dans ce clip le son,les visuels,la DA mais mon dieu vive l'opium *++
I prefer the leak, but this fyah too
Song has 136 plays in my Apple Music, video finna have another 100 plays
I gotta go bitch, I'll see you later
Thank you for this masterpiece, fashion demon
Video inspired by midsommar fasho
them wolf pics done got to lones head😭😭😂
Can someone explain the music vid ?
Mindsomar vibe
🥶
🗿
Lmao the Fashion Demon burning they weak ass drip
LONE BE MY DAD PLEASE
Masterpiece.
this song is gonna be legendary
baby im the fashion demon
Masterpiece
u could tell if a song is a classic from the first few listens. This song is an example.
If looks could kill
this changed my life.
Shits satanic
lone the goat
JMP never misses with their videos but this is the best I’ve seen them do this vid was sick
bro converted them to opium 😭
Weird world🔥🔥
When i buy something in Rick Owen
ILCK
I hate music videos, Opium alpha beta wolf pack leader MR LONELY changed my opinion on them.
he took the memes seriously
this is a certified lone classic‼
Thank you for pushing alt/guitar beats forward king! It's my favourite song off the album and the MV is incredible fr 🔥🖤
i expected better for the video
Best  lone song by now!!!🔥🔥👺
this is so Destroy Lonely
fashion killa🦇🥷🏽🔥
wow after 18 years , im still able to come back and enjoy this cinematic masterpiece. such a classic film
🐐
pivot point of music.
воуу_)
Windows
if looks could kiiilllll
sexy
Incroyable
mhhh
Remember when uzi came on to the scene n carti now we are witnessesing another cultural icon
The video itself was pretty underwhelming.
🐐🔥
я как трилл пилл, детка да я фешн демон
🖤
Whoaaa so cool and edgy…. Not 💀😂
this video would b sm better if lone started shaking his fat booty
🖤
destroyed and lonely
1:28 cloud looks like batman sign 🦇🦇🦇🦇
so opium
Sketch ass video
fire
Its been 4 years and this still goes hard 🔥
Bro made this song last longer than year good shit 💯💯
this is so opium
Убегающий негр от людей в белой одежде это отсылка на куклукс клан?
Destroy lonely need to hop on a perc40 type beat
🔥
best song from album
Bro thinks he is opium
Attention, Residence of Gotham city, prisoner 00 Destroy Lonely has escaped, I repeat prisoner 00 Destroy Lonely has escaped Arkham asylum, do not engage he is extremely dangerous and a threat to public safety, victim reports claim he is the “fashion demon”
why is the weather so good ?
🧛‍♂
Opiumm lordd
listening to this at 12 am on a full moon.. wish me luck
pandering
This video is crazy💀
This man is a masterpiece at it’s finest .🖤😍
0pium 4L
This is not opium weather
00
I ❤ it!
Lone been goin crzy fr, theses last few music videos and albums are outta this world!
Did we jus watch a sacrificial ritual
Opium Theme 🖤🐈‍⬛
this is a certified opium classic
where was the mask??? i kept looking for it
national artist
Hard🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I was getting ready to leave this earth and saw that Mr.Lone posted this music video and it saved me from the hardships of this world ❤❤❤
THAT'S MY GOATTTT 🕺🕺🕺🕺
Some bat man music 🦇🦇🦇
Nothing better than listening to lone alone 👽🦇🌑
Destroy Lonely is for the children
fashion demon
In lone we trust
🗣️🔥🔥🔥
well done lone 🤲🤲🤲🤲🥾
We are all Batman 🦇
LONE DROPPED⁉️🖤
WE DESTROYING THE PLANET ‼️🔥‼️‼️🔥🔥🔥🏃🏽
yessir
0:49 that on cloud looks like a batman symbol
In mode
Homi lançou
La BESTIA DEL FASHION 🦇🖤
20/10 on the opium scale
So opium...
вампппппп
Matthew Dellavedova Cavs Legend
MY MANNNNN
Na this hard lonely 🔥🔥🔥
amazing
☠️
Lone is the goat 🦫🐐🐐🐐
God is good and Jesus loves you❤️
W
Masterpiece
BRO JACKED QUADECA WHOLE SHIT
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Finally dropped the vid😭
so opium
🧛🏿‍♂️🧛🏿‍♂️🧛🏿‍♂️
I'm boutta buss
This nigga dropped 2 music videos?
mv of the year
This is so opium
top floor boss
🧛🏿🔥
That retro video style is FASHION
Only 24 , and i feel old cause this shit 🌽
Fire
When you finally buy that lone merch 😈🧛🏼🦇🕸️🕷️🌙
tell me why Sophia bouta walk out the barn like its the finally of the the Walking Dead Season 2 T-T
LOOK KILLA
Why I think this is so funny💀💀💀
lone
Listen to my music too I’m tuff Trust me💯💯🤝🏾
Where’s Zac?
Age of Empires music video
Lonely for president
brooo this interesting music video and IF LOOKS KILL
Kanye had influence here for sure.
.*+🦇 CLOUD ☁️ 0:49 :)
When the video doesn’t match the music
cade meus manos brasileiros?
LOOD!!!!
What’s up Broski 🦋
Pure opium
fashion demon ngga
was cool but could have been ALOT cooler
This is really opium.
here before 100k views 🗣️
L00K KILLA.
L
He killed that shit
he is the fashion demon
he is the fashion demon
yeah
This might just be destroy lonely 💯‼️🗣️
🔥🔥
beautiful
Who's listening in 2023 😭😭✌✌🐐
Should’ve been dropped dis
real.
KRAY UP SEXUDI
i'm the fashion demon
Wow! whoever you are destroy lonely, you will forever be a hero. My son who is currently 12 wanted me to play this song for his birthday party. Now my son doesn't really get along with other kids, but this songs changed him. Everybody was all up on him chanting, "OPIUM, OPIUM, OPIUM." I think this is some type of religious thing. Thank you very much Mr. Lonely.
Ball like Delladova 🏀
such a masterpiece
RAHHHHH
👀🔪☠️
wtf is this 💀only lone
Lone is really starting to blowup. Love his vibes 🫡
BabyImDaFashionDemon
👀
nah this video go crazy
boring music has peaked everyone start dickriding
W
Such a shitty music video for how good this song is. Was expecting something way more badass (i suck at evrything i do)
Opium 🖤 ! >>>
It looks like it's shot in italy
this gives off early 2000s music video
Bro found the Microsoft Wallpaper location 💀
lone & JMP on a crzy run 🎥💯
been waiting for the mv🔥🔥🔥
CREAMING
look killa 💆🏽‍♂️
BEST
He has blessed us again🙏🙏
FIRE 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
WHAT IN THE DEMON
I Just know buddy was hot with all black on standing infront of a fire 😂😂😂😂
certified opium classic 😂😂
fire
🍒
I LOVE OPIUM LABEL 🖤🖤🖤🖤
Sick of hearing this tf
What hell goin in the video
Holy shit this was hard to listen to. What in the fuck are yall on
Brabo pra porra slk
this looks exactly how i imagined it 💀💀
loneeeeee😩
great song lone but why are you not batman in this music video i was expecting you to drive in the city late at night as batman
baby im fashion demon
Hope he go on tour
🦅
❤‍🔥❗
lone really in his prime right now
That fit is trash 🗑️
bros really milking this song at this point 💀
this is so destroy lonely
crazy
omg😩
lone is a kult leader
OMFGGGGGGGG I LOCVE UUUUU TWINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNKBNNN
Delete ts gang
sunt albert nebunu vreau sa ti l bag
lol
This is hitting trending
1:31 The batman logo he is batman
ILCK
Nah this a whole cult
This the ritual his fans do outside the venue
weird ahh video
Psychedelic
Great delivery but trash substance…good beat. Not good for the future generation though.
Lone really cares about his career
Lone saved my life 💯💯💯🙏🙏
I love lone but why he sound congested
🐺
hi bobby
ily
Destroy Lonely is truly an inspiration.
FINALLY ❤
if looks could kill
i dont understand this video at all
Mainstream is coming soon💯
SO OPIUM ™®©⚫◼⬛🏴
those clothes are NOT opium
we need a brazy girls music video
so opium
crazy
🧛🏿‍♂️🖤
🇧🇷👿
Hello
i would also burn all my clothes if it made me more opium af
Yeat just better
YEAT » LONE
mans dropped a whole movie 😂
wtf is the story behind this bruv 😭😭😭
I remember hearing this at Metro Metro Festival 😮‍💨🔥🔥
Lone plz be my daddy
😍😍😍😍
if looks could kill <3, vt up
Baby I’m the fashion
bom clipe irmão
Hella
Showed this to my mama now she covered in Rick Owens
took too long 😢
cool but what does the music video even mean
John 3:16 For God so loves the world that he gave his only begotten son so that whoever believes should not perish but have everlasting life.✝️
BRO JUST COOKED🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺
I LOVE YOU LONE
OPIUM💯🔥🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
IF LOOKS COULD KILLLLLLLL
aint no way
if ohio could kill xd!!!! Lol!!!
Midsommar vibes anyone else?🔥
Dis not even a music video dis is deadass a short movie
weirdcore ?
🔥🔥🔥
IF LOOKS COULD KILL ☠️☠️☠️
The fashion demon has dropped again
a classic for generations to come
🔥🔥🔥🔥
YUHHHHH😊
Bro cuz he done sold his soul
i’m batman..
If I should slow this down like this ?
Bro dropped a whole A24 Movie
🫡🫡
Hooray a if looks could kill music video  😆 Destroy lonely makes me so happy 🥹
FIRE🔥🔥🔥
DESTROY LONENLYLLYLYLYLYLLYLY
walkin thru hell i got a FN loaded wit a lazerrrrr
The Visuals look good
horrible music vid
ohhhhh dis shi fire
very confused
Satanic and weird visuals
legendary
Bro think he opium 💀
Eu sendo destruído sozinho
Opium>>>>>
Everything I do is for a reason
MY PARENTS DON’T UNDERSTAND 🧛🏾‍♂️
true art.
jeeper creeper 👀
lone is in a weird limbo stage, everyone knows bout him but he aint up there yet.
🤍🤍🖤🖤✨
bro should’ve dropped this alongside the single but better late than never
😮‍💨🔥
Lone is officially mainstream and im happy for him
Finally
look. killaaa.
I'm Batman fr
hard
He needs a song with Mospiffy
Omg its up
😂😂😂😂 niggas will listen to anything
💕✨❤️✨
IF LOOKS COULD KILL THAT MAKES EVERYDAY HALOWEEN
Yooooo 🔥🔥
Midsommar vibes fr
I LOVE YOU DESTROY LONELY!!!!!
😩😩😩😩
Here before 5 mill
real
Destroy Lonely has once again saved my life, this is a masterpiece, thank you Lone 😔🙏🖤
where's the wolf on the motorcycle
BRO IS THIS A MIDSOMMAR VIDEO
Loneee
lone is growing exponentially..🚶🏽‍♂️📈
Really wish bro had an intro to this song
This change society
Missed opportunity to add a scene riding a horse down a lonesome road
jmp is the goat
Top G 🔥
Is this nigga owning slaves? 💀
🐐
Mr TopFloorBoss, I just want you to know that you are the greatest rapper alive. Everyday I get on my knees and start praying in front of the picture of you in my room. I even convinced my family to worship you and now we all share rick owens with each other. When I showed my dad my collection of ricks she was at first disappointed but after I forcefully made him try it he liked it. Liked it so much that he started wearing archive pieces. I am currently stood in the darkness under the moonlight. After I made my dad try opium I also forcefully made my whole family try it and now at every family meeting instead of playing beer pong we play opioid pong but instead of cups they are bowls of maison margiela.
OPIUMMMM🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
🔥🔥
Lonely > Carson. Respectfully
Look Killa Cult.
Opium Headquarters 0:01
LONEEEEE 😩😩😩
is lone a cult leader?????
Wwww
I have now become the ultimate werewolf in the sunset
METAmorphosis claimin my kisnghsip soon.
PLUHH🗣🗣
I be a wolf riding into the sun set with this on my motorcycle
This is so destroy lonely
AYE CLAYCO COOK THAT MF UP
Bruh music videos now a days irritate me bc like nigga why don’t NOBODY rap in the videos like it woulda been cool to see him actually rap and look cool
Oh lone ur gonna be top 5 easy next year
Did he really burn those perfectly fine clothes????? Bro so many people could have worn them :(
where are the wolves?
baby im the fashion demon
Right on -Sandimandie-
Well done
This is so opium
🔥🔥🔥
Masterpiece.
Baby im the fashion 😈 🔥🔥
Bro is at the microsoft hills
This is a certified opium classic
Bro putting them on some drip 😂
finally 🐺
Should I get signed??
this is so destroy lonely
Finally
goat 😤
one day me and him will have a song together...
i was here
Kankan > but this song is catchy
fire
When Lonely dropped the project, you knew its gon be a good day 💯😮‍💨🖤 look at this fashionkilla 😈
if looks could kill
this could be destroy lonely
playing this at my funeral
The goat
Only the real ones here rn
17k views 16k likes masterpiece
Hard 🔥📈
Opium needa sign a female , a feminine voice for this niche wud be dope
🔥🔥💿
I remember when you rap like earl sweatshirt
Damnn W Bobby Wardel Sandimanie III
If looks could kill
Destroy Lonely is a huge inspiration to me and I WILL produce a song for him one day.
LONE IS GONNA BE ONTOP SOON. 🔥🔥🔥
This like his only good song
🔥🔥🔥
Crazyyyy
if looks could kill...
love this
blud a goat 16k views and 16k likes
Dawnnnnn mannn
This video makes no sense
If looks could killluhhh
D1 LONE MEAT RIDER
DANG
yes
🔥🔥🔥🔥
that windows xp scenario hits diff 🥵
bro is majestic
beautiful timeless music 🎶
this is a certified destroy lonely masterpiece
opium takeover 🌎
W
blud filmed his music video with an iphone 4s
That Defender is cleannnnn
On September 11th, 1984, I went to the top of a Tibetan mountain seeking enlightenment. A wise shaman played this song on his ancient guitar and saved my life.  Thank you lone for saving me.
If looks could ☠ that makes everyday 🎃.
briccedthefucup
Spots n blemishes, I see what he did
flopou
This song is ass
here before lone at the top
Waiting room music
we love you lone ❤😩
Crazy how I searched for the song and the video came out lmao
Fashion demon‼️
ohyeah!
All glory to Jesus ✝️
DL!!>>
Acompanhando o brabo daqui do Brasil 🇧🇷 🐺
Lone im sooo drunk
this what mushrooms do to ya head
Fashion demon I getttt itttt
Baby I'm the fashion demon
ayo
this is so destroy Lonely
take the chrome heart timbs and i lace em🔥🔥⁉️🔥⁉️🔥🔥⁉️⁉️⁉️
the mf goat
Idk what I just watched but W
baby i'm da fashion👚demon👿
You get your own cult 😔
MY HUSBANDDDD
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🎸
waw
lone better than carti rn
This hard
he came a long way from making music videos in train stations and parking lots
look killa
ima show this 2 my kids and say that's m jackson
yo
ILCK!*>>
YESSIR
Destroy Lonely finna end consumerism !
destruir solitário simplesmente lançou o melhor clipe de todo youtube
baby, im the fashion
lone is past opium
📼📼📼
i can say i was here when this masterpiece dropped
HARD
baby i’m the fashion demon
Destroy lonely is very good !
opium 🔛🔝
🐺
If Looks Could Kill by Destroy Lonely is a powerful and thought-provoking piece of music that explores the complexities of human relationships. The song delves into the theme of appearance versus reality, highlighting how looks can be deceiving and how people often hide their true selves behind a façade.  One of the strengths of this piece is its use of vivid imagery to convey its message. Destroy Lonely paints a picture with words, bringing to life the emotions and experiences of the characters in the song. The use of metaphors and similes adds depth to the writing, making it more engaging for listeners.  If Looks Could Kill excels at evoking strong emotions in listeners. The song deals with themes such as loneliness, betrayal, and heartbreak – all universal experiences that many can relate to. By tapping into these emotions, Destroy Lonely creates a powerful connection with listeners that leaves a lasting impression.  Overall, If Looks Could Kill is a masterful paragon among modern music. Its exploration of human relationships and themes make it a timeless piece that will continue to be studied and appreciated for generations to come.
bro is the opium king 💀
This the opium button v
Shit don’t make no sense
Goooooood lone
nobody gon ask why this is stuck at 12k views
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMON
Bobby sandamine
What were the clothes suppose to symbolize?
lone lifestyle
damn lone goes crazy
We ❤ lone
LONE IS ON TOP ONGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Love it
Amazing
absolute masterpiece, has saved my life on various occasions
Before a million
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE YEAR AND ITS NOT EVEN CLOSE
YUHHHH
🐐
Better then carti
Real deal codeine sipper walk round wit a purple liver 🖤
It not for me
🦇🦇🦇
visuals are crazy
safety next
I wanted a if looks can kill/finish line 😢
Wow the video does not match the song, there was so much potential here
loneee🥰
HOLYYYYYYYYYY
history is made today🦅
🦇🦇🦇
OMG Im here during the first hour of the release THIS IS A HISTORICAL MOMENT!!!!! I WAS HERE!!!!
I'm big fan of this goat! Happy to discover this artist in the beginning! I wish all success on his life ❤
daddy lone
IF LOOKS COULD KILL😫😫
Song isn't my favorite, but I just love the lore behind. Bro made a short film + a Music video, I'm getting Michael Jackson vibes fr
I love u lone
good
The song didn’t go with the video @ all
opium 🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇
This music video does not match the song 😭😭😂😂😂😂
If looks could kill  Baby, I'm the fashion demon Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can not get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's, don't shop at Nieman's (nah, nah) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (is so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me, I don't need you And I know that you don't need me I done got the flyest, I'm on a date with the moon this evening She act cool but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)  I get bitches, I don't need no wingman (no wingman) I get riches, I don't sell no weed, man (not right now) I smoke dope by the pound, yeah, for real, huh I'm on the top of the mountain, king of the hill, uh (we top floor) I don't like no Swisher, I like Grabba Leaf, lil' nigga (grabba, grabba, grabba) Real deal codeine sipper, walk 'round with a purple liver, huh I'm a fashion killer, I'm a shit popper, babe (shit popper, popper) I'm a real big baller but won't let no lil' bitch play with me I'm a pussy killer after I hit it, might let her lay with me She a fashion killer, check out how she walkin' Yeah, look, she slayin' it My boy got a trigger finger He ready to pull it, so please don't play with him I smoke 'til my lungs black, lil' bitch I take that lil' blunt and I face that shit (face it) I look at my demons and face 'em (face 'em) Take the Chrome Heart Timbs and I lace 'em I'm walkin' through Hell I got an FN loaded up with a laser My bitch rockin' Chanel, I put on Balenciaga for all of my haters I gotta go, bitch, I'll see you later (go) I'm the Dark Lord, real soul taker I'm the Top Floor Boss, a lil' player (boss) I put on big pants, real deal raver (real raver) (Rave, raver)  Baby, I'm the fashion demon Ridin' down Candler Road and I'm speedin' (speedin') I got hella hoes tryna fuck me and my bros (my bros) I got hella shows lined up, I'm on the road (on the road) I get hella green, yeah, I get hella 'chos (hella 'chos) These niggas green as fuck, I'm 'bout to get over (get over) No, bitch, I'm not greenin' out, you can not get over (can't get over) I just like to ball hard, ball like Dellavedova (Dellavedova) Don't shop at Dover's, don't shop at Nieman's (nah, nah) Don't commit treason (nah) Everything I do is for a reason Everything I do is so strategic (is so strategic) Baby, please don't leave me, I don't need you And I know that you don't need me I done got the flyest, I'm on a date with the moon this evening (yeah) She act cool but I know she evil, so deceiving (so deceiving) If looks could kill that makes every day Halloween, man (it's Halloween)
This song making me feel like im the fashion demon
Oh nah Dis vid was not it😂
TWINNNNNNN
this is a certified destroy lonely masterpiece
Man nobody doing it like Lone, it’s actually insane how young he is in his career & doing things at the level he is right now. He could’ve easily just done some basic MV, but he took a very different route with this vid. Lone really a creative genius. Very excited to see what the future holds.
My grandmother was on her death bed, and on her last breath she whispered in my ear "play If Looks Could Kill" , I played it then she inhaled a deep breath, took off her breathing tubes,  poured a cup of wock & was feeling better than before! All thanks to Destroy Lonely! You saved my grandma! Thank you Bobby!
looks killa
Whole A24 film
this is certified opium
🔥🖤
vibe
🐐🐐
essa
🦅
⛓️🐺🦇
6.5/10
Niezłe🔥🔥🔥🔥
QWWWW
The city needs me, ill be back soon 😈🦇
If looks could kill, I would kill no one 🥲
Thank you Mr. Destroy lonely for creating this exquisite piece of media 🙏🙏
SO OPIUM 🔥
Hard as fuck
This might actually be destroy lonely
Bro got more likes then views 😂
oh my god
Lone Got is own flow and culture that’s what we all do it for is the culture can’t wait to get my jeep and cruise in this
Loneeeeeeee 😩😩😩
.
Gay Remix on my channel 🔥🔥🔥
before 20k
da goat
Destroy Lonely's music is both impactful and inspiring, and it has the power to move people in profound ways. With its powerful lyrics, catchy beats, and infectious rhythms, Destroy Lonely's music is helping to spread a message of hope, unity, and positivity to people all over the world. Whether you're listening to one of their upbeat anthems or their more reflective ballads, Destroy Lonely's music is sure to touch your heart and leave you feeling uplifted and empowered. By using music as a tool for social change, Destroy Lonely is making a real difference in the world, and its impact will be felt for years to come.
couldn't stop stroking my shit
So opm
🔥🔥
Mes Ivoiriens vous êtes ou 🇨🇮
🏰🖤
Do it a little more occult ,for papa RICK
LONE MAKE THE BEST MUSIKVIDEOS BUTTON
if looks could kill
hi
fashion killa
lone owns slaves 😭
yessss
if looks could kill 😰😨🥱👿👿👿😦😡😠🤬😠🤫😘🤣🤣🤣🤣
this is so opium
i like the music and his voice tone but i read the lyrics and this shit just sound stupid.
out of all the time from stone age to now im happy to witness this masterpiece
lone is about to blow up
W lone
This video is so Opium 🦇
Killa
It’s ab as simple as this…..lone is different
Top floor boss 🔥
1 hour for ma future me
W
JMP MAKIN MOVIES
LONELY
We seeing how lone going with these music videos now imagine PLAYBOI CARTI
BABY 📣 IM THE FASHION 🗣🤵‍♂️ DEMON 😈💯
Wonderful
im just like Batman fr
FIRE #TOPFLOORBOSS  keeping it 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯 💯
don’t commit treason 🙅🏾‍♂️
LONE
Came to this
🖤
Glazing rn
jmp really putting his heart and soul into these videos for lone
Love it 🔥 we witnessing history
The best of years
Nah this music video hard af🐈‍⬛
Who is Destroy Lonely? To the blind, he's the light. To the hungry, he's bread. To the lonely, he's company. To the sad, he is joy. For me, he's everything. being a Destroy Lonely fan isn't just a hobby, it's a lifestyle 💯
carti is managing lone so well
Omfggg
W
HE FINALLY DID IT⁉️⁉️
Top floor boss🔥🔥🔥
I LOVE YOY LONEEE
🦅🦅🦅
1 of 1
My gym song!
Mid
this vid hard
TRULY EXCEPTIONALLY BEAUTIFUL PIECE OF ART BY SIR DESTROY LONELY 🔥🙏🗣️💯
Worst music video ever
That guitar will always make me happy.
Lone is truly an artist, not some lazy person just trying to secure a bag, he’s a genuine visionary and he proves it consistently
this is opium as fuckk 🐺💔
Lone 🔛🔝
This making me feel like a lone wolf on a bike in the dark forest
W lone
Sweet
Lone and ken will be top soon
Fye
I be up at 3am on a school night and listening to this
i put on big pants real deal rAver; rave !
Hai
lone is such a cutie patootie😖😋😍😰🤭
BABY IM THE FASHION 👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺👺
the goat
Destroy lonely is better then yeat I don't care what anyone says
😤😤😤
makes me feel like a cool werewolf with a cool leather jacket riding a cool motorcycle in the sunset fr
🔥🔥🔥
Shakespeare said he feared the day someone with more artistic wisdom would over take his throne. That day has come.
boring asl but I fw the vision
he so opium fr fr⬛️🦇⬛️🦇⬛️
Random ahh music video
lone going crazy rn ngl
Based
hard
Here before 1 mill
DONT COMMIT TREASON🗣️🔥🔥🔥
This is a masterpiece 🔥🔥🔥🔥
so hard
LETS GO LONELY U THE BEST
This shit so 0pium
Lone shooting straight to the top now
This is a vibe fr
Yeah**
Real😊
🦇🔴⚪️🔵⛧⛧
lone da goat
😎🔥
1:50 should be the next album cover
🤘🏼
❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
Lone so opium 🦇🦇🦇
tuffffffff
🐐
How’s there 10k views w 11k likes 😂
this is so opium
Thank you for this masterpiece Bobby!!
here at 1hr finally lmaoooo
B4TG4NG🦇
leavin this comment so i can see it again in 5 years
Lone 🎉
This song will live on forever, I don’t see Lone falling off anytime soon
lone 😤
lone's fit is so fye
🔥
🖤😩
W music video 🦇🦇🦇🦇🦇
love how he doesn’t make music videos, he actually makes art. no one’s seriously like him fr
Opium Cult Indoctrination 🤣
If looks could krill 🦐
so opium
wrong vibe
look like a throwback psychological thriller movie this so fire
🐐
Welcome to the way killers  Feel🔪🔪🔪
Destroy Lonely has changed my life. Before I found about Bobby Wardel Sandimanie the III, I was a broke, fat, stubby loser with no goals or accomplishments. After listening to a few songs, my life has shifted to an new and alternative lifestyle. I became stronger, smarter, wealthier and a better person as a whole. Destroy Lonely is not just an artist but a movement.
Damn, 2 months in but still fye
A Masterpiece 💫
RAHHHHH
IF LOOKS COULD KILL BABY IM DA FASHION DEMON🗣🗣‼‼😭😭😭😭🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯
1:44 is such a hard shot
masterpiece
Que perfeição pqp 🦇🗣️💯
lone a big steppa
Lone is creative asf with his music videos 🔥
W
He too fye
the people in white represent light/god and he made them burn their fav pieces of clothing for a ritual and to convert them into the dark, simple. (yall represent the white)
if looks could kill
Video reminds me of the good days 🔥😈
watching this at graduation nothing can stop opium.
Its rare that a music video fits the song better than what fans already imagined for themselves.
never fails
Slowly transforming to this song 🐺
opium cult shit!¡
Tf type of music video is this dawg
Yo hard
LONE
I feel like ripping my clothing and howling at the moon when listening to this song.
🗣GOES HARD ON MUTE 🔥
This one gonna blow up 💀 🔥
bro
originality on a different level
IF ONLY LOOKS COULD KILL
Kanye actually ended his own career after he heard this song- he simply couldn't compete with such fire
TOPFLOORBOSS🫡🦇
lone man
lone really did his thing w this
bro tryna bring back the kkk
bro on the windows xp background
History
fire
It's 1648 and this still goes hard- that's why lone is on top of the game 🔥
Clayco, cook that motherfucker!!
This song as a theme for a horror movie is a w
heattt
goat
opium anthem
1:10 nigga on top of the mountain *conducting rituals* apparently
THIS NIGGA 💯☝🏿
lone goin up
The video hasn’t even been out for a hour, the dick riding is insane
if only lone knew that before listening to this, i was just an ordinary man with an ordinary dog- after hearing this my dog transformed into a werewolf and now we stop all the bad guys in the local community, thank you destroy lonely
this is so destroy lonely
AHHHHHHHHHH
🔥🔥
My experience with "if looks could kill"...  Music has the extraordinary ability to touch our souls, evoke deep emotions, and even transform our lives. Among the multitude of songs that exist, there are certain melodies that leave an indelible mark on our hearts. For me, one such song is "If Looks Could Kill" by Destroy. This essay explores the profound impact this song had on my life, from its resonating lyrics to its captivating melody, and how it helped shape my perspective on relationships and personal growth.  The Resonance of Lyrics: The lyrics of "If Looks Could Kill" struck a chord within me like no other. As I listened to the haunting words, they painted vivid pictures of love's complexities, betrayal, and the vulnerability that comes with it. The song encapsulated the fragility of relationships, urging me to reflect upon my own experiences and understand the power dynamics at play.  Through poignant lines such as "Your eyes, they speak a thousand words / The silence deafening, yet so absurd," Destroy unveiled the universal struggle of communication and the pain that can arise from unspoken feelings. This lyrical masterpiece not only resonated with my own encounters but also illuminated the underlying emotions in relationships that I had failed to fully comprehend before.  A Catalyst for Personal Growth: The impact of "If Looks Could Kill" extended beyond mere introspection; it became a catalyst for personal growth. The song propelled me towards a path of self-discovery, empowering me to confront my insecurities and find my voice in relationships. Destroy's mesmerizing voice echoed in my mind, reminding me that my own emotions and thoughts were valid, and deserved to be heard.  By internalizing the song's message, I started to assert myself more, communicating my needs and desires openly. I realized that relationships should be built on trust, empathy, and mutual understanding, and "If Looks Could Kill" served as a guiding light in navigating these intricate aspects of human connection. The song became a driving force in my journey toward self-empowerment and personal fulfillment.  Empathy and Emotional Resilience: Beyond its impact on my personal growth, "If Looks Could Kill" by Destroy instilled in me a greater sense of empathy and emotional resilience. As the lyrics conveyed stories of heartbreak and betrayal, the song immersed me in the raw emotions experienced by the characters within it. Through this emotional immersion, I gained a deeper understanding of the pain and struggles endured by others.  The song acted as a reminder that we are all vulnerable, capable of inflicting harm or being hurt. This realization fostered a greater sense of empathy within me, enabling me to approach relationships and conflicts with a more compassionate and understanding mindset. I became more attuned to the nuances of human emotions, developing the ability to offer support and solace to those around me.  Conclusion: The transformative power of music is immeasurable. In the case of "If Looks Could Kill" by Destroy, its impact on my life cannot be understated. This song became a source of introspection, guiding me toward personal growth, empowering me to communicate effectively, and fostering empathy and emotional resilience.  The haunting lyrics and captivating melody of "If Looks Could Kill" have forever imprinted themselves on my heart, reminding me of the strength and vulnerability present in every relationship. As I continue to navigate the complexities of life, I am grateful for the profound influence this song had on me, forever altering the way I perceive and approach relationships and personal growth.
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr im a scary wolf riding on a motorcycle into the night
We need opium X haunted mound
God, this man is so talented. I hope this man blows up to a high level.
Opium Anthem
🔥
bruh someone explain to me the meaning of this vid 😭💀
love you lone
0:48 Batman logo at the very top cloud
10K likes 9.8K views💀
This video just ain’t it this song had way more potential
❤
I don't know who will read this but this song has changed my views on the rap genre as a whole, thank you lone.
max better react tonight
i literally found out about your music last week and im addicted
lord
🔥🔥🔥
the rick owens anthem
So fyw
Thank you
This video so deceiving
Bobby Wardel Sandimanie III, thank you for this, ever since the first vibration hit my ear I knew it would be memorable. I have been playing this for   49 years and my grandkids love it telling me always "play if looks could kill grand pappy!"  🥰🥰
Yoooo
I have no idea wtf is happening but lone>
9.4k views and 10k likes???
🦦
hard asf
LONESOMMAR IN THEATERS 2026‼️‼️🍿
if the w
Lone and Ken the dynamic duo
Lone🐐🔥🔥
Broo this shit is dooope🔥🔥🔥🔥
this shit fire asl . luv u lone great musik video
can we have a normal music vid pls
i love u
So destroy lonely
Cream
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
As much as i love lone this song is not good
🔥🔥🔥
babe i’m the fashion demon
𐕣
GAGGED!
hi
Please let me join your cult
This nigga replace carti
Opium gang 🇧🇷
SO FIRE🔥🔥🔥
I lost my vape
LONE
Play This On My Death Bed.
what does this mean
🧛
Me when dat lone playing 🗿
WALK WITH A PURPLE LIVVVVERRR
fashion killa
I was going to jump off a bridge after my girl cheated on me but after lone dropped looks could kill, it gave me a reason to live. Thank you lone
idk if its partially the inspiration but this remind me of heart shaped box mv
Insane!¡
begotten
wasn't expecting a video like this, different, love it
I filmed this btw
this just the kkk except black dawg
Classic .
Opium😈
Midsommar ahh music video
W
If looks could kill
Lonely !
opium on the come up 🩸🖤
Niceeeeeeee
where is bro at?!
finally the movie
If looks could kill 🔥
Play this at my funeral!!!
All bro had to do was make the video with wolves.. ffs..
bringin back a bit of a lil peep sound but adding a opium punch to it.. shi sounds so fresh
🐐🐐
Lone really listen to the fans!! We needa appreciate this more 🙏🏽🙏🏽. ThNk u lone
Opium❤
Destroy lonely my delicious king drops another banger yet again with no misses
this shit is beautiful
lil bro think's he's fashion demon
im here
watched this video and my converse turned into ramones
lone a such a diffrent level in terms of creative direction…
If looks can kill altered my perception on life. As the reference from the song "im the dark lord real soft taker" really had a creative aspect to it. Stating that the dark lord is a soft taker meaning an alternative perspective on the dark lord. We assume the dark lord is a hard taker, but after saying"soft taker" means we shouldn't be to judgmental on the dark lord aka destroy lonely. We assume he is a hard taker, but in reality he is a soft taker, giving us a new dynamic of his personality, as we the audience must evolve and move on into the new change of chapter of destroy lonely.
I am going to be on top of the MUSIC INDUSTRY, I promise….🔝😈🚀🔥
😭😭😭
🦩🦩🦩🦩🦩
*
This is cinematic asf fr lone
Nigguh what!!!
this cool
Yb BETTER BUT THIS HOT NGL 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
He is indeed the fashion demon
wow
I understand the message W
I’m glad I discovered this motherfucker when I did 😂
FARKKKK this is so cool and unique, lone is too fire
cant even lie this album feels like a cash grab🧐🧐
Creepy af
The fact this was shot in Vermont is insane
That song makes me want to turn into a werewolf and ride a motorcycle into the sunset
W
W
Nigga think this shit mid sommor
Came here after listening to the song “Dupe - Balling” 🔥🔥🔥
TOP FLOOR BOSS 🗣️🗣️🗣️
I listen to this shit every day when I wake up
I was blessed to witness Uzi and Carti rise to their heights throughout my time in high school. All the leaks, the rumors of 16*29, the beef and eventual reunion on stage during rolling loud. Now, I’m going into my final year of college and can see the impact Destroy Lonely will have on the culture surrounding rap as he seamlessly blends alternative and punk into his music and style. To the younger fans, don’t take these moments for granted. We witnessing history.
(sighs) here come these long ass paragraphs 😔😔
EVERYTHING I DO IS SO STRATEGIC
He on a different level.
Lone >>>> yeat
W
goat
Lone best rn
really hoping all the deftones samples get cleared soon
Finallyy man
*IF DICC COULD KILL* baby im the fashion..  ..DICKman..!
Real
With role models like Destory lonely I can say I’ll proudly living out my dreams. Thanks with everything 🙏
Destroy Lonely's "If Looks Could Kill" entered my life at a time when I was teetering on the edge of despair, trapped in the clutches of addiction and surrounded by hopelessness. Lone's powerful lyrics and mesmerizing melody became a lifeline, pulling me out of the darkness and igniting a flicker of hope within my soul. Destroy Lonely became more than just an artist to me. He became the catalyst for change, the guiding light that showed me a path towards redemption. Through his music, Lone not only saved my life but also became the savior of Opium. His art is a reminder that even in the depths of despair, there is the possibility of transformation and rebirth.
W lone
My mannnnn
here before a mill
BABE WAKE UP NEW DESTROY LONELY DROPPED
I LOVE YOU LONE
Sacrificing everything you have to become like them. Crazy shit man
This is moviee!!!!!
fire 🔥🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
I thought I was watching middsommar for a sec
Bro thinks he’s the fashion demon 💀
Early asf fr💀
☠️ If Looks Could Kill ☠️
w song, w vibe, w lone <3
بعد ويش صاير اليوم🔥؟
Is that Caleb Lodish🤩🤩
How many?
my grandma was handicapped for most of her life. she LITERALLY just stood up just to turn this DOWN! thank you so much destroy lonely!
finally i can transform into a werewolf and ride my motorcycle into the sunset🌆
man wtf does ts even mean
Lone hv my kids 🤞🤞🤞
🫵🥹🔥
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMONN
my goat
😈
My grandma had cancer and was on her death bed when she told me “play if looks could kill by destroy lonely” and when I did she suddenly stood up, hugged me, and said “thank you my cancer is now cured”. What a miracle.
if looks could kill that makes everyday halloween 🔥
U beautiful
killa
best song ever
im literally batman
This was truly, a look killa moment.
top floor
purpose of the vid: Wear full black only
lone a goat ❕
lone's sound is hella different, ain't nobody doin it like him. Defo excited to see future masterpieces like this 🔥🔥
Finally
It’s kinda representing the consumerism of our society, with the people working, seeing the industry burning resources, people in the back raising their arms to their heads, but still following the rules. Heads down until u get ur paycheck. just to see the rich men hiding their happiness inside while smoking a blunt, just like everyone else everynow and then.
Can y’all please give my music a chance🙏🏾 my music is good, I just need more people to actually recognize my talent🎶
This hella corny.
wrd lone got slaves
🧛🏿🧛🏿
Lone will you marry me
OPIUM CLAN WAKE UP
LOOOOK KILLLLAA😩
In lone we trust
Visuals go hard
LOOOOOOOONEEEE 🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
If looks could kill I’d have her as my dream girl by now
HOLY OPIUM
w
Legend
LONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Lone gonna be at the top in 2023 fr🔥
🧛‍♂️
🦇
Bro really burned all their clothes for black fits 😭
Lone never disappoints
Thanks for this masterpiece mr lone  🙏
Destroy lonely is HIM
Overrated
Destroy Lonely's "If Looks Could Kill" entered my life at a time when I was teetering on the edge of despair, trapped in the clutches of addiction and surrounded by hopelessness. Lone's powerful lyrics and mesmerizing melody became a lifeline, pulling me out of the darkness and igniting a flicker of hope within my soul. Destroy Lonely became more than just an artist to me. He became the catalyst for change, the guiding light that showed me a path towards redemption. Through his music, Lone not only saved my life but also became the savior of Opium. His art is a reminder that even in the depths of despair, there is the possibility of transformation and rebirth.
Lones evolution is crazy and inspiring
This may be destroy lonely!!
opium G
Real live horror movie
not how i imagined an ILCK video but the aesthetic is nice
nice pants
ILCK.
0:32 they found the windows xp background no way :O
I’m on the road
🔥🔥
fashion demonnn
Me getting ready to leave the batcave (my room) to fight this endless war of crime in Gotham (come downstairs for dinner) and put the Joker and Riddler back in Arkham (eat at the table with my parents) with Catwoman (my imaginary girlfriend).
loneeeeeeeeee
Got me feeling like 🐺
8K views and 8.1K likes? Y’all going crazy swear
🦇🦇
burn ts. it ain’t black enough.
Destroy Lonely is a captivating and innovative musical prodigy that has taken the music scene by storm. With their unique blend of genres, Destroy Lonely creates a mesmerizing sonic landscape that captivates listeners from the first note. Led by their enigmatic frontperson, their music explores themes of emotional vulnerability, introspection, and human connection in a world that often feels isolating and detached. The hauntingly beautiful melodies and thought-provoking lyrics intertwine seamlessly, leaving a lasting impression on anyone who dives into their discography. Destroy Lonely's music possesses a rare ability to touch the depths of the soul while simultaneously igniting a spark of hope and resilience. With each release, they continue to push boundaries and redefine what it means to create deeply affecting and meaningful music in the modern era.                 IM A D1 GLAZERR
WWWW OPIUMMM MAN
FASHION DEMON 🦦
he shouldve turned into a werewolf 😔
@albertnbn
i know ur sister sunny
one of a kinda the look killa
so beautiful bae cant wait to see you again 😍😍😍
lone so cute😍
No way‼️🤯 This is a guy from Roblox
Cool sound but the whole album sounds the same
🩸
TF IS GOING ON LMAOOOO😭
the 1🏆
Certified vamp Classic
ay
Here at 7k
Ken and lone next 1629
im so frickin lonely
w
LONE DROPEEDDDD UEEEE
the d riding in these comments r insane 💀
Let’s gooo🎉
THE GOAT
Lone is the best 🔥
1:16 racially motivated
🍓
LOOONNNEEEE
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here at 7.9k
Song of the century 😭😭😤
Movie 🍿🔥
GOAT❤
this is hella opium
bro's unstoppable 😮‍💨
now i can walk the streets like a lone wolf
THANK YOU 🙏🏾
number 1  🦦
top floor boss
Investing🤓
Your music would be way better if you used it to glorify God, Jesus loves you
lord have mercy
Hard
❤
This video kinda bad ngl
Real opiums on top
🏃‍♀
Watch Lone becoming one of the most influential rappers of this generation
7.6K views, 7.5K likes
this shit hard
Lone making moves
Lol I really met this man at Whole Foods 😂 its been up since 💯
The selfish ones win.
I breathe opium
Now I can finally transform into a werewolf with if looks could kill music video
THIS IS SO DESTROY LONELY
Destroy lonely should be number 1 artist of the year
Wtf this gotta do w the song
Cmon yall let’s blow this up
Me n daf wolf
Fashion demon
bro whats even going on in dis vid ☠️
Opiuuummmm😖🙏
LONE NEW GLOBAL DICTATOR💯💯💯💯
sooo tuff lone my inspo fr
AMBASSING🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Bro gave us a movie and a music video, he must really love us
❤
Got me like opium 💀💀
Well I’m early 7.4K views
OPIUM
Well I’m early 7.4K views
тут был илюша❤
𝔾𝕒𝕟𝕘𝕤𝕥𝕒
My goat
This man’s music changed my life🔥🔥
nigga dis not a music video ts got nun to do wid the song 💀
The thing I waited for, but didn’t think it would release. 😮
Prisoner 00 Destroy Lonely
Going out for a walk late in the night and this shows up on my homepage as soon as I leave the house.
Lone I love you
LONE😫
I gotta go bitch I’ll see you later 🙄
ZHOSKIY PLUGGG
This is such a bad music video😭😭and this is coming from a D1 lone rider
Nigga will do anything to flex the ricks💀💀💀
🔥🔥
what a marvelous young male. very good representation of a self made man.
fye
i gotta be the biggest lone fan bro
🐺
he's the farming demon 😈
Am I trippin or is this the Microsoft hill at 0:33
preciate it
Bro cannot stop posting horror film trailers
Oh shit finally
pointless.... shit is corny ok song
Lone changed my life
how many mvs 😹
“these niggas green asf i’m bout 2 get ova”‼️
The dark knight of Atlanta
lone  you are going to be on top really soon i promise
Made me feel like a god
This is very cult like but we love lone , who cares 🔥🔥🖤
how does it look?
If lone has a million fans, then I am one of them. If lone has ten fans, then I am one of them. If lone has only one fan then that is me. If lone has no fans, then that means I am no longer on earth. If the world is against lone, then I am against the world.
Lone burning all the reps
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
This video is not what I was expecting
baby i’m the fashion demon
bro think he the fashion demon💀
Money and sex music vid please🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
🖖🏽🖤
I think I just came
bro shouldve been dropped this
About time we got the vid 🔥🔥🔥
Top Floor Boss🔥
*turns into Batman
Next up
THE GOAT BOBBY
lone lore
Destroy Lonely's "If Looks Could Kill" entered my life at a time when I was teetering on the edge of despair, trapped in the clutches of addiction and surrounded by hopelessness. Lone's powerful lyrics and mesmerizing melody became a lifeline, pulling me out of the darkness and igniting a flicker of hope within my soul. Destroy Lonely became more than just an artist to me. He became the catalyst for change, the guiding light that showed me a path towards redemption. Through his music, Lone not only saved my life but also became the savior of Opium. His art is a reminder that even in the depths of despair, there is the possibility of transformation and rebirth.
🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸
if looks could kill
Batman if he was real
БРО НЕТ ПУТЬ ☠️☠️☠️☠️💀🧯🧯💯💀🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣🗣💯🧯💯💯💀🧯☠️
I’m OPIUM
This is so fucking deep
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
🐺🐺
goodnight / i'm the best comment
Just came from graduation this is amazing
🦦
lone on top
Crazy Video Bro 😊
This video is 🔥🔥🔥 real strategic
W
LOOK KILLA
Welcome to OPIUM our new brothers and sisters lol🧛🏾
LFGGG
Madusa
Lone is our revolution
GUYS! WHERE ARE THE WOLVES GUYS
cinema📸
Lone is really him
IF LOOKS COULD KILLLLLL 🦇🦇🦇
Bro trying to grow up whole family in window xp wallpaper
Lone dat guy
Time to munch 😍
This makes me want to pose in my schools bathroom in all black leather
bruh i wanted a wolf driving a motorcycle
JMP''s artistry is unreal
Everything i do is for a reaaaason
yuh
skipping homework to embrace this 🔥🔥🔥
this is cold as ice 🔥
What tf is going on in the video Made no sense
opium
so opium
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
lone will be on top soon🦦
A clip of Lone riding a motorcycle into the sunset would’ve been the perfect ending to this music video
imagine the sweat drippin from his skin after being next to that fire in that big ass jacket
IF LOOKS COULD KILL 🕴🏼
bro is literally a fashion killa 😭
bro thinks he's opium 💀
👨🏽‍🌾
THIS SH1T CRAZZZYYYYY
wwwwwwwww
My grandmother was on her death bed, and on her last breath she whispered in my ear "play If Looks Could Kill" , I played it then she inhaled a deep breath, took off her breathing tubes,  poured a cup of wock & was feeling better than before! All thanks to Destroy Lonely! You saved my grandma! Thank you Bobby!
the album is amazing you did a great job lone
if looks could kill 🧟‍♂️
I waited for it to frop.... From Africa Malawi 🇲🇼
fye ass vid
bby i’m the fashion demon 🥶🦇
🦇+
LONE IS JS SO AMAZING BROOO
early
The song appears to be a confident and boastful expression of the artist's success and lifestyle. The opening lines suggest a sense of self-assuredness, with references to being a "fashion demon" and driving fast down Candler Road. The artist mentions having numerous admirers and opportunities for shows, highlighting their popularity and busy schedule.There are references to material wealth and indulgence, such as getting "hella green" (money) and enjoying luxurious items like clothes and designer brands. The artist asserts their independence and superiority over others, stating that they don't rely on anyone else and don't need their companionship.The lyrics also touch on themes of deception and caution, indicating that appearances can be misleading. The line "If looks could kill, that makes every day Halloween" suggests that people's outward appearances can be deceptive or mask hidden intentions. The artist seems to be wary of others' intentions and emphasizes the strategic nature of their actions.There are also references to drug use, particularly smoking marijuana and potentially consuming codeine. However, it's important to note that the interpretation of these references may vary depending on the context and artistic intent.Overall, "If Looks Could Kill" by Destroy Lonely showcases a confident and self-assured persona, highlighting the artist's success, independence, and awareness of the complexities of human interactions.
w lone
i love you lone 🐺🐺♥
this just makes Batman come inside of me
Literally me
im a fan now
Lone shows the real Op*um sht ☆♡
edgy
this mf flopping
THE LOAT
he fr is the fashion demon
look killa
dis shii fye asfff 😭
TOPFLOORBOSS
TOP FLOOR BOSS !!!
LONE FOR DA SUMMER
jmp been goin stupidd. i need to pay him for a shoot for me no bs
fire fire fire
Bro Lone is so cool🔥🗣️
🖤
underrated 🦇
This is mad overdue
Yea throw yall clothes in the trash fr
Lone gon be at the top very soon 🙏🏾🕸️
☠️
this fire fr
OPIUMMM
🦇🦇
What
Wtf ?
Fashion demon 🦇
le go
Bum juice
Tough
𝒯ℴ𝓅ℱ𝓁ℴℴ𝓇ℬℴ𝓈𝓈
Forever on top
🧙🏻🧙🏻🧙🏻
I’m da fashion demon
This song marks a turning point in lones career, he’s just gonna keep going up. Matter of fact, he been going up.  OPIUM TAKEOVER >>
This is weird
Masterclass t’es trop chaud bg
LONE 🤤🤤🤤
baby i’m the fashion demon
Lone is the mutha fuckin goat
This is so opium
Midsommar type beat
Vro I was literally listening to the song you didn't have to make my day like this 😭❤
i love the color correction and the recording style his producers are massive dubs
Destroy lonely X i-20 ? Collab 🤷🤷
Fire 🔥
this anthem makes me want to go Batman mode
beautiful
Fire
Cute
cool
Dear Destroy Lonely, before this I was nothing and was on the streets. Now, with your music, I have changed to be on codeine and opiods. You have changed my life. Thank you Destroy Lonely.
Baby I’m the Fashion…
Amazing music video
Bro sounds like he got a stuffy nose
this is so opium
Fuck it if looks could kill video
😈
LOOK KILLA
HEEESSS HIMMMMMM
hard
🐺🐺🐺🌒🌑🌑🌑🎑🎑🎑
Lone fr one of the best opium members
🦦🧛🏿🧟‍♂️
My beautiful baby lone making my whole weekend by dropping a music video for his most popular song. Keep on winning booboo butter bear
I talk for everyone when i say he drop the album of the year
i love lone
6k views and 5k likes is crazy w lone fans
Lone da fuckin god
Love the art❤️‍🔥
look at lone man so inspirational
Sometimes i wanna do things to lone
THIS SHIT FIREEEEEE
this is art
This so 00
Who from instagram 🤭
i was here
was waiting on this!!!!!
❤‍🔥🔥🚒❤‍🔥
tellin my kids this was michael jackson
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
fashion dem0n
this nigga stupid creative
this shit is a disgrace to music and real artists
Beyond
Bigger than carti
thanks lone
GOOD ASF GOOD, VERY CREATIVE ❤💯😎
1:16 ???😭😭
🎉
this video will be around for generations
00
king of the hill 👥
this so opium
look at destroylonely man, so inspirational
he might be opium
Lone is carrying the whole music industry in 2023 no bap.
different
HE DOESN"T NEED HIS WEED BACK 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤
Look Killa
I literally just had a dream where I got a autograph from this man, ima need that irl
🖤🖤🖤
Look Killa
baby im the fashion demon
this mad cringe in retrospect
Here within 20 mins
Baby, I'm the fashion demon
Wtf
DID HE BURN THE CLOTHES BECAUSE HE ONLY WEARS BLACK🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️📲📲📲‼️‼️‼️🔥🏃
This might be Lone’s push to the mainstream 🎸🤘🏼
masterpiece
father
the cinematography in this video is fuckin crazy wtf
they turned opium 😱😱
Im apart of history
look killa
Hardd
If looks could kill
video shoulda told more of a story to match the song, yall just burining clothes in a field but the visuals hard tho
Lones visuals and videos lowkey are underrated, no rapper is making stuff like this really, especially with a "narrative" to them
Lonnnnnnne
fly shit
W
I LOVE YOU
He the fashion killa fr
Look Killa
W lone
Batgang 🦇🖤
I'm the Faison demon
Not once in my life would i have changed my entire perspective on life. That was until this G.O.A.T would drop the most cinematic masterpiece, better than anything the mcu has created. This damn near made me think i was watching the trailer to "The Batman 2". This made me become a greater person, helping humanity become better. Had opium not exist, I would be no where even close to where i am today. This not only was a cinematic beauty, but it was the most motivational and inspirational piece of true art that i have ever seen, I would also very much want a lone, ken, carti, and yeat song, but that would be world breakin. Opium 43vr, Lone 43vr.
Grazie lone 👩🏿‍🦳
Destroy Lonely really gave us a masterpiece this year and has more to come💥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
best album of the year
I speak to everyone when I say lone is top 10 artist in this generation.
Bros on top 🔝 🙌🏽
opium!!!!!!
i mean the looks (visuals) did kill
top floor boss
Lone gonna be the greatest artist of all time
after this vid lone is for sure a goat
lone been underground for a long time now, he exploding to mainstream soon mark my word.
Lone🐐
Me at Midnight in my motorcycle as a WareWolf 😮‍💨😮‍💨
Lone always with its innovative flows! my favorite song from the album damm
luv u lone
Lone im finna bussssss😫😫😫😫
🙏🏽
0opium
⚔️
this music video isn't opium
the best artist of the new gen. i love you bobby 🤭
lone going mainstream
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🔥
yeah
the look killa on top 𐕣
FASHION D3MON
Me when i put my rick hoodie on
he is on the prowl
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
The music video evolution is crazy
bro jus the fashion demon
I just like to 💵 hard
🇧🇷🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
LOen
Finally Lone gives us the music video to the song of the year 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
jmp and lone is something special
yea lone.. you tuff man
ts was ass
W
Music video LONG OVERDUE
bof
topp
W
bello 😍
the fucking goat
wtf is this…
hard asf
lones progression in the music industry is crazy, he’s gonna be known as someone who killed it during our era
*£௹₦€*
could kill
Better be the Debut song to the destroy lonely roblox concert 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Lone, everytime you make a video, my day, matter a fact my whole month is just filled with so much joy as you bring us more videos of your beloved voice coupled with your cute face, I hope you have a great day, I love you ❤.
fire
a work of art 🥾🥾🔥🔥
destroy lonely at summerfest is boutta go crazy 🦅🦅🦅🦅
watching this at my graduation ceremony
HOLY LOOK KILLA 🧟‍♂️
S/O from Ukraine 🫶🏾 Best one so far
Dis shi hardddd 🔥🕷️
Some ritual shit fr
🧟‍♀️
Top floor boss
I'm literally batman (I forgot to take my meds)
Ion understand this shit bro but aye, cool and mysterious seems to be his thing😊
I GOT THE SIGNED CD
im here before 10k
lone showing his fans how to touch grass
00PIUM !
fashion demon
I covered this song like last week actually
SI LAS MIRADAS PUDIERAN MATAR, CARIÑO, SOY EL DEMONIO DE LA MODA.
shoutout clayco
oh ….
loan best artist that ever lived no 🧢
Glad to be here for this legendary moment 🖤
destruir solitario lançaste a braba the fato
Da greatest
yuh was finally waiting for this 😂
jim jones shit
this video live asf 🖤🧛🏿‍♂️
What kind of shit is going on here
Why he couldn't drive the jeep all the way over there? Why they burning clothes? What's the deal with the swarm above them? Why they standing next to a blazing fire fully clothed? Did the nigga come out of a barn?? Tf goin on here
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
Lone is going to be way bigger then he is rn🤝🏽
this shit fye
RAVER🧛🏼
lone is different you guys need to understand it.
lone gon take over , opium in the next few years are gonna be bigger than they ever been n carti deserve it!¡ awge !!
Bonely
listening to lone is a life style.
GOAT
the demon’s back
Lone's tracks are straight fire but why all of his music videos have ocultic and satanist rituals and references hidden with in like its messed up
just saying the era of rap we’re currently experiencing will go down in history
fire
Lone so fyaaa
fye
🐺🐺🐺
Lit 🔥
😮
could've donated them ugly ah clothes
Opium got us wearing all black
i nutted 10 times lone wolf ty
coming strong
Lone changed my life, before i knew who he was, I was a homeless middle school drop out who couldn’t read or count now I’m 24 with a multi billion dollar company with a family thank you lone 🗣️🐐💯🔥😫🤞
Think the  instrumental is from kodak pimpin ain't eazy
got feeling hella opium
Wow finally
song of the year
If only
skii
Lone is love lone is life.
🧛🏿
Lone the best lone will always be the best lone is my heart I love destroy lonely
EVERYTHING I DO IS FOR A REASON
Yall niggas just riding w/o knowing what the fuck even happening
Bro think’s his destroy lonely 💀
🦇🦇🦇🦇
greatest rapper OAT
slatt
MUSIC VIDEO OF THE YEAR
ⱯꓶꓶIꓘ NOIHSⱯꓞ¡✡️
WWWW EARLY GNG
Destroy Lonely, a figure and a genius. One who can make a piece of art through the method of music. His ability to compose such lyrics are mind boggling, as well as his able to incorporate phrases referring to historical figures, such as Matthew Dellavedova. Destroy Lonely has not only saved my life, but many others. He is king. He is life. He is, Destroy Lonely.
:p
BOMBOPUSSYRASSCLAAAAAAAAAT
why da vid so late
holy
Lord Lone
OPIUM PORRA 🐐♥️🇧🇷
🫡
This was recommended to me while listening to the song “Dupe - Balling “ 🫡🫡🫡
lone im so drunk
THIS IS SO OPIUM
🦇🦇🦇🦇
FIRE🔥OPIUM DEMONNNN
Lone you are the greatest rapper to ever touch a mic all hail lone everything is gonna come your way love u
ion really know wtf goin on here but i fw it😭
LONE LONE LONE 🗣🗣🗣🗣
Ken Carson better
Bro hit us with the song no intro gah damn
Bro sang two lines of the whole song
fyeeeeeeee🐺🐺🐺🐺
lone been going crazy recently
🤾‍♂️🤾‍♂️
if looks could kill
Ion get it
Brazil is here🇧🇷
this music video is so ass ngl
Yo wdf does this mean
ts too tuff
This is so Opium
i think i overdosed on the opium 🥷🏾💉
I NEVER KNEW AN ARTIST COULD CHANG MY LIFE
Look Killa
8 GOD FINNA REACT TO IT
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
🥂
Фешн Димон…
look killa time
LETS GO BRUH!!!! LIKE IF U WATCHED THE PREMEIRE!!!
Yesssir
łone da goåt is fyę to see him gettin da recognition he deserve
🐐
this hard
LONE IS SO INSPIRATIONAL
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMON
Need a vid for brazy girls & how u feel pls
thank you dad
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMONNN
If he keeps making music with this consistency he will be a top artist🦦🦦
00
4.8K VIEWS
Been listening to lone since 21
fart
TOO FLOOR BOSS </3
Goat
bro got the best visuals
YESSSSS
here at 4k views ez
Bro should’ve filmed the music video in Gotham with Batman
goat
YES BOBBY
12 MINUTES AGOOOOOOOOO
this sound changing the game 🔥
детка да я фэшн димон
revolutionary
My goat
W
Let’s appreciate carti for seeing greatness in lone early
BOBBY 🦦
so fire
Opium anthem
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMON
LONEEEEEEEE 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
i love destroy lonely
If looks could k!ll🗣️🗣️
It looks can kill that makes everyday Halloween 🎃 🎃🎃🎃 (Evil Grinning incoming)
fr 💋🦇
Fashion demon
LONE DA GOAT 🐐 NO CAP
He’s gonna be the next big thing
No way
so opium 🐺🐺
best shit out rn❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
He never misses 🦦
🐺😈🦇
🔝 floor boss wit another blessin ‼️
if looks could kill🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
king
Ylenol Yortsed
🧛🏿‍♂️🧛🏿‍♂️🧛🏿‍♂️
Too hard
if looks could kill baby I'm the fashion demon ‼️🗣💯💯❤️‍🔥
ridin down candler roaddd
🦦
Never thought he'd make it so far so quick, damn
Wow so opium
fr
dubs
BOBBY
ROCK DA FUCK OUT
up
This music video definitely screams lone wolf riding a motorcycle into the distance, thank you lone.
THIS IS IT!!
had dreamcore vibes, 10/10, song of the year, lonely too good for yalls
Lone dropped the video the day of my graduation 🙏🏾😭
LIFE CHANGING VID 10/10
pretty opium id say
Listened to lone for awhile glad he’s blowing up
I put on big pants real deal raveR….
Love yo
Kel Tac next 👀👀
What does any of this mean🔥🔥💯⁉
Early
Im seein how yall be movin.
tik tok song
Man, If books could kill
"if looks could kill that makes everyday halloween".
Goat
Equal fly sht still the best song on the album 🐺
Wish carti was more like lone w consistency.
❤
same same same
awesome sauce
I LOVE U LONE SO PROUDA YOU
crazyyy
omega bingo bango lol
This mf demonic as hell still fw da music tho
My goat
🤣🤣
1:28 bat shaped cloud
What is this music video bro 💀💀💀
tf is this video
عم اعمامي
Que seria de mis oídos si no existiera este pedazo de artista 🐺🦇🦇
we need a video for your eyes .
top floor boss
Tf does this shit even mean
Lone Cinematic Universe confirmed
i love you
Bro this album was so good it was what I needed
Album still on repeat 0PIUM* 🔥
i love u lone
I never thought I would be so excited for a music video to drop tbh
o mais brabo 🩸🦇🩸
The day I become a grandfather, I will tell my grandchildren about the existence of this goat 🐐🐺
new lone video hooray!
did bro sacrifice clothes to the rick owen gods
so opium
YOOOO
lil confused on the plot- nice song tho
So destroy lonely 😮‍💨
BOUTTA HOWL AT THE MOON WITH THIS ONE!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🐺🐺🐺
wsgg
this is the best song of all time
Opium better🔥
this whole album was life changing thank you lone
opium take over
Me rn:🌕🐺
W
yeyeyeyeye
baby ich bin der fashion dämon 😈🔥☝️💯
🔥🔥🔥. Dis  bish so Hard
crazy daddd
ball like Dellavedova🔥
Woah
im the fashion demon 😈🦦
hard asf
🦦
I just rode of to the moon
bros a cult leader
Really can see the creativity of his art ✍🏾💯
If books could kill... baby im the reader
1:16 they did him dirty😭
had to make a new account, power went out twice during premiere but still got on my phone to watch this holy grail of a music video
TOP FLOOR BOSS
Lone so inspirational 🥲
i luv u
I was here 😎
!f l00ks c0uLd k!ll
Lone is so strategic🤟
It looks could kill everyday would be Halloween 🫶🏽
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
LES GOO
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I'm literally batman 🦇
damn
yay
Play this when im dead
Playing this at 480p just gives a different vibe.
Que bonito video 😍
🔝👹🦇
So basically to sum it up he said yall fits are ass lemme burn em and put you in some rick💀
❤
The fashion demon has dropped #LONGLIVELONE🐺🔥
This song defines 2023 fr
w  song bro fr
🦇
album of the year
OPIUMISTIC CLIP !
Wtf was going on in that video
Look killa
the album was mid lets be honest
Lone da goat🤞🏻🐺
🙏🏾
zaddy lone
🐺🐺🐺🐺
This is so butt
iflookscouldkill
dat shit was tuff as hell
im speeding rn holy flip im so hard this song is great SO MUCH LOVE FROM FRANCE YES🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺
i like this
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
THAT SHIT WAS FIRE
I literally listen to this album everyday
Lone and JMP putting work into these videos
this is so crazy lone
I was wating for the intro you showed in fashion killa,the video it aight
wtf is their weird ah music video doesn't elevate the music at all!!!!
WWWWW🔥🔥🔥🦇🦇
🔥🔥
W or L???
common DL W
Fye🔥
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
😍😍😍😍
wonder how far lone can shoot his load
⭐️ We luv you lone ⭐️     I’ll see you real soon
Top 5 💯
cult recruitment ass video
My glorious king
Midsommar ❓️❓️
that shi is CRAZY
look killa
i love u lone
just dyed all my clothes black
W
🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴🇦🇴
🐺
lone our lord and savior, thank you for this life changing music. i used to be broke with no hoes and now im a self made millionaire with a wife and kids! thank you destroy lonely!
PREMIERE
Wacky ahh Video
Brazy lone
nice vid
fye
🫣
this a cinematic masterpiece😭
ily king
🔥🔥🔥
😎😎😎😎😎😎🤗🤗😏😏🙂🙂🤗🤗😏😏😑😑😥😥😛😛🙄🙄🤔🤔
The midsommar vibes are really cool
I’m at dinner and I’m still watching this I’m a big fan
W
5 minute gang We love you lone!😁
lone been giving me hella inspiration lately🙏🙏 he has his own sound and stands out from the others in his scene. he finna be a household name soon💯
this is his best visual by far
lone is my history teacher
THAT ONE CLOUD LOOK LIKE THE BATMAN  LOGO
🔥🔥🔥
TopFloorBoss
what in the actual fuck
hard
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
LONE WE LOVE YOU
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Beautiful.
norway
WHAT IS GOING ON ‼️‼️‼️💯💯🔥🔥🔥🧐🧐🧐
IF LOOKS COULD KILL 🐺🐺
🔥🔥🔥
I really hope this is a midsommar reference
this album will age well
damn🗣️🔥🗣️🔥
Thank you lone for changing my life
OUUU
Bro was where the Teletubbies were at 💀
🤯
I juh like to ball hard ball like delladova
So opium
Ain’t nobody doing it like Lone 🖤
OPIUUUUUUM
lon3 turninup
omaigsd
Finally ❤️😭🦋 opium
Yessir
WWWWWW
W VIDEO OPIUM 4L
Who else here at the premier?
THIS IS THE ONE RIGHT HERE COACH!!
Let’s gooooo
dark lord real soul taker
LOOK KILLA
lone u are our sex god bless u
This is beautiful
Top Floor Boss!!
Goat
🐺🐺🐺
do you guys ever find yourself pondering on the idea that destroy lonely has regular human organs, and one day he may just give you a liver transplant? please forget march 5th 2009. it wasnt me.
1
this shit finna be great
A TRUE FAN ALREADY HERE WATCHING THE COUNTDOWN!!!!!!!!!! TOPFLOORBOSS
2
W
here !
W lone
opium
im batman
Hi
baby hes the fashion demon
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
pre w's
w
Hello nigga
Luv Lone.
😛😛😛😛😛
fashion demons on top
ILCK🕷️🕷️🕷️
Irresistible impulses are irresistible
lone is on top
The way im addicted to this is insane
why are we waiting for this premier😂🔥
Need a money & sex videoclip
carti wuz here
intro better than the actual vid
lone gon be the king of this shit soon
Wagwan>>>>
Fukit
Lone on top
im destroy lonely and i made this btw
🌷
Drop a video for moment of silence
so fye
black people are amazing🤩🤩
We witnessing something big
ilck🦦
Finna nut
Pre W
this might be destroy lonely
LONE
lone for president 🐐
Hello lonington
GOATTTTTTT
DADDY LONE NOTICE ME DADDY LONE ILL GET ON MY KNEES AND BEG
🎉✅
if luks could kil 🧛‍♂
LONEEE IM SO DRUNK
Look killa 🔛🔝
up next 🥾
We up there
mannn lone never miss bruh.🔥🔥🖤
killa
Look killa.
hello informujeze…..
this 2 minute timer hard
hi i <3 black people
Yessirrrrrrr
Lone next drake
today is the worlds best day, first spider-man 2 gameplay trailer is dropped now this bro
Wsg chat
🦇
Free Kay flock 🙏🏾
Lone changed my life
Bruh
LONEEE
baby i’m the fashion
always a W for lone.
IF LOOKS COULD KILL
lone ❤️
😍😍😍AN EARGASM
It’s Halloween bitch
and im speedin 🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥
Daleeee
LESSSS GO
00 on top
yes
O-P-I-U-M
dis history
ILCK top 3 opium and its not 1st or 2nd
W lone
Destroy Lonely is for the children
my goat
Baby I’m the fashion demon 🐺🩸
💅🏻
lone goated fr
🔥
how u feel about this song ?
qual gabinete eu deveria usar com minha rx 5600xt triple fan da xfx?
If looks could kill..
THE CITY NEEDS ME
“Prisoner 00destroy lonely has escaped”🤓🤓🤓
LONEEEEE!!!!!
https://youtu.be/QexGAUS5Mrk
https://youtu.be/QexGAUS5Mrk
https://youtu.be/QexGAUS5Mrk
REMEMBER THE TIME I DICKED U DOWN LONE DONT FORGET ABOUT ME PLEASE
https://youtu.be/QexGAUS5Mrk
They call him topfloor boss look Killa but we all know him as the fashion demon
Slatt
goat
carti gonna be in the mv
Lone is next up
dear bobby sandimandi the third, your music has changed my life for the better and the last year and a half that i’ve been listening my life have changed so much so thank you
Daruuuuu
i love lone
Bout to turn into A warewolf for this one.
Yuhhh
lone so fye
THATS WHY HES THA GOAT THA GOATT
all y’all from tiktok 😂
GOAT
😮
https://youtu.be/QexGAUS5Mrk
lone will forever be my goat
lone evolving that sound into his own unique sound is crazy, look killa !
the savor of opium is back
Look Killa the Film and now this? man's a legend
If loooks could killl
Lil wayne ...no lone
Lone >>>>
skonczyles sie
Omg
Lone I cant thank you enough ever since listening to your music you cured my deafness and cured my uncurbable aids that I've been diagnosed with as a child. You made my mother who is in a wheelchair able to walk again because she wanted to turn up your music that was playing I cant thank you enough
lone your the reason I'm alive.
Lone
Amari
I'm the Dark Lord, real soul taker
LOOK KILLA
loneee
album still on repeat
Hihi :3
Been waiting on this  music video ........lets  gooo!!!🖤🐺
thank u lone
Lone saved my life
Look killa 🧛🏿‍♂️
look killa fr
the greatest artist of all time
LONE MY BAE FRRR
I love u ❤ Bobby Wardel Sandimanie the third
If looks could kill is a great album, so many bangers, heavy in my rotation since it dropped 💯💯💯
Let’s go
hi
this is gonna be legendary
LOOK KILLA 🦇🖤
no way
live laugh love lone 🦇
IT'S HALLOWEEN EVERYDAY 🖤
​if looks could kill 🐺🖤
🙏🏾
#realcodeinesipper
lone is really something else bro. he’s the new wave
Lone don’t understand how much he make the fans happy everytime he upload ah song 😂🔥 the whole album hard i know the visuals crazy. i’m sitting here with a smile on my face right now seeing you uploaded the video💙 lone on top soon!!!!
lone is really savin my life rn 😭
now drop how u feel music video
loneeeeee 😍😍😍😍
i cant wait to beat off to this 🔥🔥🔥🔥
a classic is coming *🦇
look killaaa
he gonna be the goat before we know it
This the hardest music video ong
sum light
Everyone take your perks and start sippin
Baby I’m the fashion demon😈
lone has come a long way
These large steps being made by Lone is solidifying himself as a world renowned artist!
hi
LOOK KILLA
‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌ ‌‌＊ 𝗢𝗣𝗜𝗨𝗠
OPIUM TIL DEAD🔥❤️‼️
So evil, so deceiving if looks can killedkill that means every day is Halloween🔥😈
BABY IM THE FASHION DEMON
I LOVE U BOBBYYY
my favorite out of opium finna tell my kids bout this 😂
if looks could kill.
Look Killa
lone ken and carti will takeover the world one day 🙏
damn finally video for this one
lone fr finna be a superstar opiums growing like crazy
🔥
r5 he get smoked to the face
Look Killa
Cona da minha mãe txe😭😭😭
IF LOOKS COULD KILL 😩 I need the biggest problem video neooww
🐺
🔥🔥🔥
Goat
Destroy lonely is not good he’s very mid he also Stan’s black pink when real man like me stan twice lone is below mid THIS album IS SO MID I hope lone never drops another album.
🐺🐺🐺 Ridin down Candler Road and I'm speeding 🏎️🏎️🏎️
Lone this is literally not it can’t believe you dropped such a mid project little bro also blackpink mid red velvet better stop making albums little bro 🤓
lone is amazing
baby im the fashion demon
*️⃣
Baby u alr know who I am
You inspired me Lone, I'ma go up bc of you 🌟
🔥
Destroy lonely gon b dominating tha charts by 2024 mark my words
lone never miss 🖤🔥
Shit
PLUH
Yooooo
Like if Lone the 🐐
If looks could kill baby I’m the fashion demon 👿
TWINNNN🤞🏽🤞🏽🤞🏽🧛🏻🧛🏻🧛🏻🧛🏻🧛🏻
🔥🔥🔥🔥
AAAA
Top floor boss 🔥🔥🔥
K-pop better + I’m the ultimate k-pop defender 🤓
everything i do is for a reason.
Lone is water  lone is air lone is food
WWWWWWWW
Babydaddy
AYYYYYEEE
Lone the greatest
i love you lone
sunt albert nebunu și vreau sa ți-l bag
Finally, this needed a mv🔥
Baby, I'm the fashion demon
If Looks Could Kill . 🔪
live laugh love lone
The reason Destroy Lonely is successful is cause his music is authentic. He built a loyal fanbase on consistency, and not being swayed into sounding like every artist. I pray one day my music can touch masses like Destroy Lonely. But for now I’m just happy being a fan ⁴⁷
This man is unstoppable bro another music video 😅🔥and he’s still the main topic rn
fyee
the best to do it
IF LOOKS COULD KILL 🔥🐺💯
🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺
lone will be on top soon🦦
Bout to turn into A warewolf for this one.
❤️
FYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Bout to turn into A warewolf for this one.
OPIUM
IT'S MY FAVORITE SONG BRO😭😭😭
OMG NO FUCKIN WHAY BRO😭😭😭😭
ilysm
I love you
Carti creating his Opium label was the best thing hip hop has ever had . Just us fans witnessing how crazy everyone in Opium is going when it comes to there success in music and these shows/festivals just shows how there taking over the industry man.. I can’t wait to see what carti , Lone , ken and homixide got for us in the future 💯 #OPIUMTAKEOVER ❗️
mr.lonely im the third to comment
Hellow
Poop
Mr. Lonely I'm first in this chat
