Por favor hagan el juego con los actores de doblaje ORIGINALES DE LATINO AMERICA. Los mismos de la Película Original
Impresionante
Jurassic park Survival starring Mia Khalifa
Oh boy this is what ! waited 20 years for. the ability to play as an Indian college diversity studies student who is a part time  Starbucks barista worker hiding from dinosaurs rather than playing as the t rex. This game is gonna be so great.....for content when it 💣's
sooo... when and stuff like that 🤧
I won't like this game unless the MC is a non-binary person of color who looks androgynous and is vocal about their distain for capitalism because that's what real action heros look like!!!
P- P- PPPPPP PARK?????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a great example of a "reveal/announcement trailer". You hear that, Todd Howard?
I have a bad feeling about this
Why does she look like Mia khalifa
Dagnabbit nedry. You left the gate open!!!!
why does she look like yaz from chaos theory?
I hope its not just endless stream of references to the og movie.
If yall sell it for under 50$ it’s gonna sell very well
Is it fps
Looks better than gta6. Fight me
Es un juego de Xbox🎮
Please send a game key to the french youtuber NinoMissclick. It's a very funny man and je have  a large community.
Please make this game awesome!
Mia khalifa?
Remaster Trespasser in VR, that would be cool
Sarrr please do not redeem
When does the game come out? I need it
You know, there exist beautiful women from India too. There is no need to put a very ugly woman into this game.
Finally a Jurassic-Game (I don`t care if its`s Park or World) which is not a Park-Simulator.
So what happen to this game? It just sort of disappeared....I was really looking forward to it
Mia Khalifa is the main character. I'll buy it.
Looks amazing
Wzrost 164 cm na dziewczyńkę w średnim wieku to na moją obłożnie ciężką chorobę jest zdecydowanie zabardzo zawysoki. (Wy) powyżej 1984 rocznika nie możecie włożyć białych podkolanówek pod podartymi spodniami. Komentarz dla statystyk. Gry dla Dosa 3.0, dla Dosa 4.0, dla Dosa 5.0, dla Dosa 6.2, na MacOS, Linuksa, Windowsa 2000, Windowsa Vista, Windowsa 8, Windowsa 10 i Windowsa 11, nie będą miały żadnego Remastera  ani remaku. Łódź-Retkinia Al. Wyszyńskiego 52 klatka ii - 94-047 16:49 03.11.2025.!!
1:50 Rexy se ve tan poderosa como antes, ojalá al final del juego, ella llegue en el último momento y nos salve de un Velociraptor o un Dilophosaurus
Let me make this clear. NO ONE WANTS THIS CANCELED. Get the budget and make it happen folks. Dinosaur horror is barely existent in our gaming world. We all want this....my wife and kids would love watching this game. No trailer or news in forever is bad news...
Mia kalifa its great
Mia Khalifa?
Will It Be Released In 2026
I LOVE the “is anyone there” and the dilophosaurus just peeking over like “yeah, me, I’m here”
Jurassic park woke Survivor 😂
I hope this will be a good game with a lot of content and possibilities and not just a franchise cash grab.
I'd love it if it was Alien Isolation type of scary + reflecting the original Jurassic Park book horror - not holding back on the dinosaurs being genetically-engineered monsters hunting you down on a remote island.
Will it be on console to?
This needs to be a vr game!
They said:Video game graphics? I think not!
Todo estaba perfecto hasta que ví que era en primera persona
Some people saying this is the first time there’s a first person dinosaur game ever.  I guess you haven’t heard of dinocrisis in ps1.  Now they release an official jurassic park first person. Im excited
Date?
When’s it coming out
You know, back in 2001, there was supposed to be a video game called jurassic park survival, developed by savage entertainment and published by universal interactive and konami. It got canceled because there were issues going on during development. Luckily, this game bearing the same title might have a similar premise. And it might see the light of day after all.
Ps6 Nintendo switch 3 launch game 🤔 😂🦕🦖
Is it supposed to look laggy?
This game is what I call a Meanwhile Game because the story is set to be played alongside the main series story. I wish more game/movie series did this because it's a good way to explore more of the worlds they make for these stories.
I wish it was 3rd pov optional. This should be the standard for games. 1st pov is not accessible to many people and folks ike me are left out :( it's only immersive to those who can play it-- it completely alienates those who can't. It's not too late to include disabled gamers! Plz do better <3 <3 this is exactly the kind of game for me-- if only it were for me >.<
I’m so excited to see the movie. I hope there will be a movie of Jurassic World survival because there’s a toy that that the company is selling.
loving it
Also Include Nublar six.
Just so everyone's aware, Saber Interactive is developing this game. Now you can say they've done good work and bad, but from what I've seen they're always a support team that has lately primarily helped with ports and remasters. I don't wanna count them out with this one as a dud yet, Creative Assembly who's known primarily for their RTS style games took a whack at a first person survival horror game with Alien Isolation and knocked it out of the park. So there's a chance these guys might pull it off. Though it being almost 2 years without any news on this isn't exactly beaming any kind of confidence.
Its about time  we all need this . ?Nerds of the net and bots from companies keep ur negative comments out of this. the game smells 90s from here....... give us back what we deserve and stf7 pls
SO stupid they went woke with the DEI hire that does not match JP or survival at all. GET SOMEONE TOUGH!!!! She would be eaten in a second. SO STUPID. STOP THE WOKE DEI. you are ruing what otherwise would've been great!
2
The fact that it's so realistic makes it more cooler
Ich will Dr Grand!!!!
Looks as woke as a meth addict.
Still gotta play as a trans diversity character eh... unreal
one thing Cyperbunk77 and Paradise games taught me is never to trust cinematic trailers until you see actual gameplay
Can i have a shot gun and go dino hunting
Wow Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park before GTA 6?
This looks incredible! The trailer perfectly captures the suspense and wonder of the original Jurassic Park. Can't wait to see more!
she wants to speak to the manager
Dino Crisis is back?
Day one buy.
Can somebody explain to me why is Mia Khalifa running from dinosaurs?
Is it contains multiplayer
so..... is this cancelled or what?
Rexy🦖✨
Imagine games were actually this pretty
wont play it. i don’t know who works at ur studios but the choice of protagonists is killing games. sorry, not supporting our erasure
this could be just like how alien: isolation is a perfect love letter to the original alien
GAGGITY
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS HAD BEEN ANNOUNCED
Mia Khalifa's Survival? That's good man, that's definitely good 😅
Am kinda glad its not out yet. I am hoping that taking this long the game should be amazing and not feel rushed
Would've been better if it was played by an actual native British...
Hell yeaaaaaah !!!!!👍💪
This video game has a better story line than any of the movies since the second one
I hope we get to see Newman's corpse
Seems like something as scary as the book hopefully!
Why a game like this doesn't offer both first- and third-person perspectives, and the ability to switch between them at will, is truly beyond me. It's a huge missed opportunity. Just like Indiana Jones and the Great Circle. You'd get a much higher level of immersion if you could switch between first- and third-person perspectives at will. As games become more expensive, this is only a small option to offer. Especially since the ability to switch between first- and third-person perspectives at will has practically become standard. Being forced to play with only one perspective these days, even as prices rise, is almost scandalous. It's essentially shrinkflation. The most astonishing thing is that some gamers still defend this practice.
So far a survival game this the character you go with I’m feeling dei vibes
besides the MC not looking that good, the concept and direction is good
Wait WASNT the raptor locked in the freezer, HOW DID IT GET OUT
Que se coman a la Dra. Inclusiva
Maya Joshi looks oddly similar to Mia Khalifa.  Otherwise, this first impression of the game was amazing! 🎉
Que salga este año porfavor🙏
Serious question. Is that Mia Khalifa?
After watching 1:35 from here i realized that the entire jurassic world franchise failed to give us this vibe.
🙏 I hope there's a lot of easter eggs for us to find and a few other mystery items and collectibles.
So it's canon in the movie franchise!?
too bad the protagonist is a woke girl boss, no male lead, no thanks. Not buying...
OK this looks amazing and why haven't I seen this before?
Seriously, she's in no danger. She's a woman of color. I'm watching the last movie and the only ones who get eaten are white men. They wanted the player to feel for the character, so they should've made him a middle-aged white guy.
But do I need to play a female role?!
Any Mallu's  here for "Dr Maya Joshi " ?😃
I pray I will actually like Maya when the game releases
Unfortunately it is impossible to come to cell phones ;-;...😢
this feels like a parody. .... 99 percent DUDES will or WOULD HAVE been playing this, this as the main character is extremely immersion breaking, it feels like a parody. wtf
Whats the comment section and not liking women or women of color as protags? We genuinely haven't gotten much of them, and anyways whenever we do its usually shitty games (except Tomb Raider) and don't act like most of y'all aren't excited for Silent Hill f or didn't like Alan Wake 2 (that game was great), if y'all can't play a female of color protag, there's sum wrong that isn't getting fixed gng
What genius of an InGen scientist this one is. She lights a torch right in front of Rexy instead of holding still
Ok, dinosaurs, original park, say no more, I want it
How has it been almost 2 years since the reveal 😅
That score from the original john Williams' gave me goosebumps man 😢
Oh, it’ll be like Peter Jackman’s King Kong the game, only they’ll be more dinosaurs to worry about and no bats, or centipedes, or scorpions, or planes.
Of course it has to be a female person of color, anything else would be racism.
What is Mia Khalifa doing on isla nublar 😂😂😂
The actress seems similar to me 👀🗿
Game director: Ok, so people love the first Jurassic Park, so we need to tap into nostalgia. But we also need to check a bunch of boxes. How do we cram in a black or Indian protagonist who was never in the movies?  Exec: I know! Make one up, and say she was left behind. Make sure it's a woman!
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE IT GAY!
this is doctor mario yoshi
Oh nice a Indian or Muslim female as as the lead. Just what us gaming fans have been waiting for !!!! FML
Wheres the gameplay
New update!😊
The main character looks so whiny, annoying, and void of personality or character. She's like the character you want to be killed off early in a movie, not one you want to help survive.
They should make this a movie
So we playing as Mia Khalifa now? 👀😅
Oi Mia Khalifa, what the hell are you doing in Jurassic Park
TAKE MY MONEY! Can't wait for this!
Finally a video game with Mia Khalifa as the main character!
And will be made with Unreal Engine 5.6 ! Amazing !
It's an UNREAL 5 game, which is a bad sign. It' looks woke too.
Not as excited as I would be if a new trailer came out for this game 💔😭
So it’s about Mia Khalifa being stuck in Jurassic park
Word of advice to game companies. If you’re about to announce and reveal your game to the public- BUT, your release date isn’t gonna be a couple months after the announcement, then don’t say anything and just wait until your game is actually almost finished to say something.
J'ai tellement hâte 🔥😱 OMG !!!!
BEST graphics I ever seen and I v'ed been waiting a game like this all my Life
Mia Khalifa?
the girl in this up coming game if you look at her face she looks like Sarah from the walking dead session 2 game
MIA KHALIFA!! 🗣️
I just hope they are taking so long to redo the horrible character design and hire a new voice actor that doesn't have a stupid, annoying accent.
You cant just announce this then just go silent
When will this come
O povo quer isso ai
We got Indiana jones and now this awesome year for movie games
Wow making the PC a woman. Look how well that worked out for Outlaws. Sequel cancelled. This one is gonna flop just as hard. These people don’t know their main audience.
when?????
I never thought I'd see one of the first velociraptors in the saga return, and the fact that it's not Big One makes it even more interesting.
We'll get GTA 8 before Jurassic Park Survival.
We NEED jp3 spino
Bro where is this game at 😭 I’m convinced it’s just not real anymore
They really just copy pasted the kitchen scene and called it a day.
TOP😍
Guys when does this come out??
not this coming up on my recommendation a year later, where is this game? is this game still a thing?
Two years later and no development or announcements on this game
Ok so how did this broad get left behind after everything that was going on... I do hope she was in a deep sleep in order for her not to be aware that there was a evacuation due to the storm and all the chaos that followed
SOLD!
why stay on steam  upcomming announcement some  months ? (allready end of 2024) we have now august 2025 .  and on handy i read now a news      exclusive for ps5 ???
When did they put Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park?
can't wait for it to be 90% on-rails
Been 2 years and heard nothing of this game.
A year later… nothing
Dr. Alan Grant would've had his arm bitten off by a raptor before he left his hat behind!  Real talk though, I can't wait for this to come out. 💙
Mia ?
FINALMENTE!! ESTE JOGO VAI SER EPICO!! NÃO VEJO A HORA DE PODER JOGAR ESSA MARAVILHA!
Mía Khalifa It's you?
Please can we get it 🙏
mia khalifa goes jurassic yumi yumi
Think i know that girl….😂
We're never getting this game bro 💔💔
Let me guess, she a lesbian feminist ?
Question is will we get this first or GTA 6😂
Jurassic park survival❌ Jurassic Park afterwards/ aftermath✔️
Victoria Neuman??
When it's been year and still nothing
We want Battlefield Dino mode more than this  Make it happen
im still wating, and nothing!!!!!!!!!!!
Lara Croft in a Jurassic Park setting?
Do you think the story will be similar to the Telltales series?
Just popped in to say we haven't heard anything yet since this video dropped. Maybe another chapter of layoffs. Perhaps the player consensus on A Quiet Place Road Ahead has something to do with it.
Mia Kahlifa
We’ve come a long way since Dino Crisis
be cool if it was in vr
You had my attention but now you got my interest in mind.
Congratulation for thi very good game and the chosen of insert Mia Khalifa :D
bro i am NOT PLAYING AS A BRITISH INDIAN WOMAN
pahh this game come first maybe 2026.. what on steam stay allready some month    Upcoming announcement   is absolut bu...it   bad that so long wait for release and no info...
I love this game and it’s like FNAF, Poppy Playtime,and GOBB
How much will it cost?
Where. Is. This. Game?!
This needs to happen. I know of at least one pre-order when/ if a launch date is announced.
Bro is this about to be the next gta6?
Can we have a game where we can be the dinosaurs?
Hurry up!!!
Yeah no.... nobody wants to play as Mia Khalifa in jurassic park
we’re still waiting
I absolutely LOVE the animation, it looks so real but at the same time you can still tell it’s animated which is something I really like about it
So….???
PLLSSSSSS HAVE MULITIPLAYER
Any updates about this game?
Is it still coming or not?
When are you guys gonna realease the game?!? I just wanna play it already
Why don’t they make character selection
I mean, yeah I saw the cold storage was unlocked. I wondered about that.
How’d I just find out about this
We never seeing this game are we
Jurassic Park: Mia Khalifa
If this is made properly I'll have 5 heart attacks and I'll be happy with all of them. I'm in, please don't suck
Oh man if this game gets released and not canceled I hope theirs theirs free roam that allows you to go into the buildings and structures along the many paths and roads and through the jungles and dinosaur paddocks and also dinosaur interaction and avoiding and much more I hope to see
what happened to this game? it’s still on track right?👀
Is this game still alive??? 😢
It looks worth playing
Why did I think this was a movie at first
When will they learn.  Just let us create our own character. I don't want to run around as temu Mia Khalifa.
finally the jurassic park game we've all been waiting for and we get to play as mia khalifa. god is good.
We get it, it’s a Jurassic park game, why did them cram in so many member berries
i wonder if its gunna be like the canceled ps2 game
…still waiting
I'm calling it now, this game is gonna be crap and the trailers main character revealed why
For those who are wondering, the game was initially going to release this year, but according to Google has been delayed to 2026. Hope this helps :)
i'm guessing it's canceled rip
Mia Khalifa?
Honestly, I have high hopes for this game so long as they do the one thing every other Jurassic Park game has never done. Do not arm your character with a weapon. Isn’t that the damndest thing? A series all about running from the monsters always have you possessing a firearm to defend against them in their video game adaptations. Weird. 🤷🏻
Just rewatched the first movie and need this in my bones now
is that Blue the Raptor?
I am so excited for this game it sounds so good and I am a massive Jurassic park fan so this will be great and the teaser look really good, I am so excited it is not a Jurassic park game instead of Jurassic world they both are good but I prefer Jurassic park
i am so existed for this game this will be way better the Jurassic world evolution
Will it be? Исла Сорна We have 💀
A game based on a novel?
I CANT WAIT‼️ AND I WANT IT AT PSVR2
0:52 Girllll... turn off the light!
This was better than Jurassic World Rebirth.
lgbt trash developers... Another bad game incoming with mia khalifa on it...
2025, who is waiting😢
WHEN ARE YOU GUYS RELEASING THE GAME?????????
I neee this game now 😢
Hopefully we will get to play a long chasing scene with her and the t rex.
Any updates on this ?
Mia khalifa?
I love how it gives off the fact that this all happened literally the night after everyone left!
i’m still here… 😢
Mia khalifa as the main character lez go
It ain't coming out there ain't no way it's been 2 years
Will this be for PS5 or PS6
Esse jogo sumiu nao teve mais nenhum trailer até hoje
coming in on 2 years with no news. The games concept looks amazing but i really wish these devs would STOP announcing games before they are ready to be announced!!!
Here because I’m pissed they’re rushing the park builder out before this masterpiece
This should be better than jw
please give us release date.
if they dont announce a release date for the game or any updates that means it either cancelled or still in development
Came back a year later still no update. See you gang in a year again .
Is this game still gonna came out soon I need this game
I bet this game will be trash. Sounds like I'm hating, but just from this trailer, I'm not convinced otherwise
2:06 YO RANDY HOW YOU ALIVE IN THE COLD STORAGE
What the frick happened to this game?
Any chance of this ever getting released?
End of video classic reference
Glad it's jurassic park and not world... its gone down hill since it changed... id even rather watch 3 than any of these new ones
If only we had a release date, or pre order, I would buy it now
3 anos pra esse jogo e uma tortura, espero que esse game me faça valer apena!
Doooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Mia khalifa is in the game?
Too bad it's made by a russian developer. I won't be buying
Why are you gonna announce a game then just stop for 1 year
Protag doesn't really fit here, and there are way too many nostalgia callbacks to the original movie.  All I see are red flags I hope I'm wrong
Eww I do not want to play as a brown Indian
Jurassic Ligma
Lose the DEI main character and this game could be great.
DO NOT cancel this game you cowards
Mia khalifa 🌚
It looks like  Mia Khalifa's game will be released soon where she will fight different kind of "monsters" :D
I’m getting alien isolation vibes and I’m here for it
Like yes is it even happening still?
when is this game coming out????
What'd she say her name was? Dr. Mia Khalifa? 🤔
Still no gameplay, big hoax!
Any news on this?
Ah it's gunna be another one of those half assed cinematic tomb raider ripoffs that relies soly on nostalgia and "feels" instead of gameplay mechanics or actual story.    Cash grab baby, dont be fooled for the 38th time, we know how it goes.
And the raptor from cold storage got out!!
Why did we not get thsi sooner?
Fr
เหมือน หน้ง ภาคต่อเลยครับ
Dayz, but with Dinosaurs and a much better engine. Yes, please
Mia khalifa the game
Yall, its 2025 when is it coming out? 😭🙏
Lotta nostalgia bait in this trailer. Hope the game is more than that. Grant and Malcolm used the flairs to distract the T-Rex from another target, not just to make consoomers gasp.
🙄
E aiiii, quase 2026 e nada.....
Still waiting
I hope it’s not just full of quick time events that’s not gaming just an interactive movie
Mia khalifa goes to Jurassic Park
Updates please
One question. If I throw a rock at the computers, will the place self-destruct like it did on Sega CD? 😂
Jurassic Park Survival: *Collecting an unfathomable amount of dust & cobwebs*
Bro ps4 is rip :(
wait i have to play as a female? meh pass
Is it on Xbox one?
This looked way better than real movies. Why can't they give the same look and feel, dark and rainy and gloomy feel in a real movie? It gave the same feel of the original and its simply incredible
Where is it
Still waiting..
Cold storage- This game coming winters
I’m still waiting….
This game ever coming out anytime this century ? You advertised this bs years ago
It’s a year later and still no release date.
Still no news?
We got Jurassic world evolution 3 before jurassic park survival lol
I have a bad feeling this game's going to end up like Transformers: Reactivate. Stuck in development hell for years only to be cancelled once any progress has been made.
gee lady. were you sleeping the last 24 hours to be left behind?
WHERE IS IT?!?!
still nothing even after summer games fest :/
Bruh Jurrasic world evolution 3 was announced. And we have more info on then this. Smh wait better be worth it. Ok I saw the new vid I'll shut my mouth and let yall cook!!
I really want this game
ALIEN ISOLATION WITH DINOSAURS IS THE GAME WE ALL WANTED
Depending on what the rating is will we see the dead bodys of nedry muldoon and Arnold
Saber You abandoned Evil dead the game, Do you really think I gonna trust you to buy this again.
2025 I’m Still Waiting 😮‍💨
God... the graphics and everything on that is so realistic it looks like its very real
So, this game takes place after the events of the first movie, huh?
Of course, the main character is teenage girl - Someone us OG fans could never relate too…
She a baddie fr😭😭😭😭
Será en primera persona y en tercera?
It's  Saber so it's gonna suck or just give up on the game #evildead
magine if after you finish whatever story this game has you can use a jurassic world style hybid system on a new game save and the hybrid tracks you throughout the new save relentlessly like a terminator or that titan that follows you around in that one resident evil
I really hope this is a traditional sandboxy open world survival game.  Like Jurassic Park trying their own hand at their own ARK Survival game.
Velociraptor she's alive
Where the original channel of this trailer?. Where another trailers?!.🤦
Give us the game already
I’m really happy they included the game to have so many movie references I mean well it is based off the movie but still everything looks amazing and the chills it brought when I saw the kitchen and the cold storage door open at the end it’s great no other words
The realizame is crazy
Seeing that red and yellow logo gave me chills...
Who's the DEI Laura Croft lol Unless this game allows character choice or customization, I'm gonna pass.
Yay...another strong empowered knock off laura croft...
I really hope they use the more accurate version of the t rex sound or at least make it an option. The Jurassic park roar is scary but the sound they found based off of ultrasounds is absolutely horrifying
Oh, yeah. I forgot that there were actually three raptors and one of them got locked inside the freezer. (2:06)
look like alien isolation
Dang I just now learned about this. I need this
oh my god bro they better make this game please please please make it.
Can we pls get an update🙏
One of the most exciting things is to see more or maybe the whole visitor center, since it has been a long kept secret how the blueprints look like all in all. So please let us see as much rooms in as much context as possible 🙏🏻🙏🏻🧎
Any updates???????? 🔥🔥🔥
When is it going to be released?
*sees that the freezer door in the kitchen has accidentally been unlocked and sees the door itself creaking open and hears a Velociraptor from inside the freezer and realizes who that Velociaptor is* Oh no, it can't be.  It's Randy, one of The Big One's sisters/pack makes, she's BACK!!!! 😨😨😨😱😱😱
im here in 2025 and im waiting this game <3
Glad to see she’s doing more than adult films
The graphics look so real😮😮😮
Would've been nice if i could get a choice of being a dude or not
When are we going to hear from this game again?
Is there any connection to the game that was released in 2011? I really hope Troodon returns.
So when is this game coming out though?
These graphics are INSANE!
Why must I play as this Indian woman!!!!!!!!!!!
Seems like a good time to reveal more about this game with the new film coming soon
Has this been cancelled?
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooow, A N O T H E R non white female protagonist, imagine my shock.
Why are dinosaurs chasing Mia Khalifa?
Goated
great stuff mike - great initiative!
Definitely buying when it comes out, looks amazing!
Where do i play it
I hope no lil dino will be hurt in this game
Waiting…
0:47 please tell me im not the only one who think ykw she looks like XD
really? a girl the main character... ffs stop being woke plz
Mia Khalifa!
This was posted at 2023 now it's 2025😭
Who Is the actress?
*sigh*
Is this gona be on xbox
Mia won’t be able to f*** her way out of this one. 😂😂😂
When is the release date come out no news yet
Is that Mia...
Trespasser sequel
Cancelled???
When will it be able to come out?
They need to do a Jurassic film based off this game! What a great idea if is, can't wait for this game
Presenting Mia Khalifa as...
What r we getting first a Jurassic park game or gta6
When tf does this game come out
I really hope to see Yangchuanosaurus in Jurassic Park Survival since it was featured as an embryo in the first movie though it was labelled as Metriacanthosaurus, I would also like to see some more creatures from the novel like Procompsognathus, Nanosaurus/Othniela/Othneilosaurus, Hypsilophodon, Hadrosaurus and Callovosaurus.
I'm totally buying this.
I’ve never really been into video games. a few multiplayer games  at most but this game will be the answer to my question, the key to the lock, the path to greatness and spending 150 hours on a Xbox in a week. Needless to say I am excited for this game
FREEZER RAPTOR LIVES!
Awesome content!
The closest we got to this was in 1994 with the Jurassic Park Sega CD game. Which was a first person, point and click exploration format, trying to collect eggs in the park after the events of the first film. Within that egg collecting mission, there were some carnivores still on the loose that made it a survival horror of its own.
Dino Crisis Park.
2 things that I love the most !  1) dinosaurs  2) Mia khalifa In one game!? Wow ❤
How did the velociraptor not catch on?
This looks so realistic
Mia Khalifa 😂😂😂🤣🤣😸
Im surprise none of you guys noticed who she is when u have actually goon to her many times
Oh, I can't wait to play this one, I have loved the first 2 and beat it a couple times over just cause it is so fun building a park from the ground up and I admit I like the first one way better, couldn't completely beat the second one. I know I won't be disappointed with this newest one!
Jesus has died for you to live forever in his kingdom, he experienced hell for us all and lived a life just like us all, he understands you more then you understand yourself, he created you before the universe was created; family, friends, relationships, career, job, money, fame fortune, drugs and alcohol can't make you happy but worse, Jesus is the only one in the entire universe to make you fill complete, he will never let you down! You don't have to go to church but talk to him like a friend at your house or anywhere you are and he will come, that's the truth! Reach out to Jesus he is using me to reach out to you, God bless you and Jesus loves you too   1 Peter 5:7 Romans 8:18 Jererniah 29:11 Psalm 42:5,11
This looks amazing!
I hope that it's based on the book. Not the movie
Is it going to be multiplayer ???
Finally, someone made a survival Jurrasic Park game. Can't wait for this game to come out looks awesome! 🦖🦕
They’ve Forgot About That Lady In The Island When They Left.
Tf Mia Khalifa got herself into
Wow i was just about to get a survival game but i guess i'll wait for this!!!
Imagine base building
Alien Isolation sequel we have been waiting for?
Nunca se vio en la saga, forzando incursiones? Que pena
Its been over a year when the hell is the release date?
still waiting lil bro
Oh yeah, cant wait to play as Mia Khalifah
Just accuse the dinosaurs of misogyny if they try to eat her. I mean, the dinosaurs did transform into males due to the frog DNA in their genetics.
Parece muito com a Yasmina de Jurassic World: teoria do caos.  Se forem fazer uma história single-player desejo veemente que se forem fazer um romance, no caso dessa garota do treiler ou uma outra protagonista feminina, espero que coloquem 2 opções de escolha(um homem e uma mulher)  Obs: eu não faço parte dessa panelinha woke ou anti-woke, sou só um jogador que quando joga com personagem feminina e o jogo me dá o direito de escolha, eu sempre escolho o romance com uma personagem feminina,, simplesmente porque essa é minha preferência.
Wow! Mia Khalifa really crossover to another mídia!
Girl boss throws up flare when confronting a T Rex lol Hope the game has dark of a tone as Alien Isolation
Its insane that this was a year ago.
"Welcome to Jurassic park"
O no, i don’t have ps 5 , i have ps4
This character looks like mia khalifa.
so, they are a few people that are left behind in island nublar when the storm coming? I remember they have jurassic park survival park in the early. Father and daughter left behind when the original cast left the island.
This is already what I want, video-game with Dinosaurs because I've been a HUGE Big big Jurassic Park superfan like learning and relearning Dinosaur species kinds. 🦖🦖🦖👍👍💯💯💯🤯🤯💪💪👏👏🎉
Is that female version of Jeffrey Lynn Goldblum?)))
I have a feeling they will do the same thing a quest place did with your 🎤
I want this game so freaking bad 😩
Looks amazing. But it’s been a year since this video. Any update on release?
any update on this guys ?
That’s Isla Sorna, Isla Nublar is site B.
Any news on the release date?
The is the most densely pandering trailer I’ve maybe ever seen.
Why is Mia Khalifa in this trailer?
Bet will it come to switch 2 Dude, there's coming also to the Xbox S and The switch Wil  the same power as the PS4.
2:07 I wonder if Randy will meet the raptors from the telltale game, or if the raptors the big one “killed” somehow survived and she will become the new alpha
mia khalifa?
YESSS YESS FINALLY A SURVIVAL GAME IN THE JURASSIC UNIVERSE
I want see Metriocanthosaurus and Herrarosaurus
Dino Crisis 4 1/2: Nerds Left Behind
If this game turns out to be really good and is successful, I would love to see a sequel that takes place on Isla Sorna.
Je l'attend avec impatience ❤
This is 2025 bro
Mia?
THIS is the type of game we want. If this game gets cancelled, I am never trusting the franchise again.
Que salga ya x dios
THESE GRAPHICS ARE INSANE
Jurassic Park baby, not that stupid jurassic world thing.
bruh the raptor survived
When does this come out?!?!?
I'm really excited for this, brings me back to when Tell Tale Games made Jurassic Park back in the day
Still waiting
NGL mah girl look a little too much '20s to be in the early '90s
Wait a minute, if the hurricane is still happening and Hammond hat is right where it was wouldn’t the main group still be there? The kids, Grant and Ian etc?
I'm here only to show my support for this game, It's been more than a year from this trailer and I cannot wait!!
https://youtu.be/nwtpCHGW2DI?si=wYdwTKse7qchasVF
How did I never hear about this game
first person??????? why?????
omg this game like a real life, i want this!!!
Mia kalifa horror game
🤩🤩🤩
A project that has a realistic non- girlbossy protagonist in 2025? NO WAY!😊
How excited are you for Jurassic Park Survival on a scale of 1 to 10
Oh my God yes!!!!!!!!!!!!
cool, didnt know mia khalifa was in this one
Steam release ?
Too much DEI going on here. Hope we can choose our characters 🙏🏻
She looks like dinner for the dinosaurs
Again? Woke? Really? Female characters with mix race..... where's the black lesbian midget?
Need to make that protagonist design look more 1990s professional and less social media influencer
Dinosaurs...Mia khalifa...I look forward to play this
When will it be released?
Game looks amazing.. VR would be wild.. but hate your a chick.. what happend to creating your own character
This scene alone is better than anything in the JW movies. Maybe good things are still possible.
Who added Mia in the game 💀
mia khalifa
Now we got this, now all we need is a multiplayer game where some people are dinosaurs :)
...SAIU A NOTÍCIAAAA
Dino Crysis
bro why do they make us play as a ugly female character all the time ?
I wish there was a release date.
I can play as mia khalifa? Wow🎉❤
Darius: dino nerd would love this
and with the original John Williams theme. Can't wait to play. And she's called Maya Joshi, wow!
When is this game coming out?
Why is the main protagonist Mia khalifa?? That's not gonna sell well unless they change that
The horror element kinda makes me hope the game is closer to the novel than the movie.
Guns...
why is nobody talking about it saying 'frozen storage' room that the raptor 'died' in and now its open
Ugly main character design.
-How much fan service do you wanna add in this game? -Yes
Jurassic Park Mia kalifa 😂😂
Set like 24 hours after the first movie too!!!
1:16
Lord when😮
Dr. Mia 🧐
So we get to play as Mia Khalifa...nice
i like how ts came out a year ago and we still have no updates
This better come out on Switch 2!
When release?
“Jurassic Isolation” 😆
me the whole time: TURN THE GODDAMN LIGHT OFF
Mía
Fake ahh game doesn't exist
We need like 30 games like this! Hurry up!
This looks way better than the movie coming out 😂
They'll never give us scientifically accurate dinosaurs...
How long has she been in there?
Siguen igual sin fecha de lanzamiento ni informacion de nada , yo ya voy a pasar de seguirlo
So hyped for game!!! I hope we get some release news soon!
So is it canceled? Cause everywhere I see they say it is
The final part where it switched to first person gave me so Indiana jones vibes.
If I can't choose a different main character I'm just going to mod one just saying that right away
How did I not know this was a year ago I just saw it
I’m still waiting 😔
Still wait for jps💀💀💀
dude I dont wanna hear this person grunt or whine the whole game. Hopefully there is a mute main character option
She can’t catch a break
1:20 “don’t worry I’m here” ngl I couldn’t stop laughing
on connait la date de sortie du nouveaux film jurrasique world rennaissance le film est annoncer pour le 02 juillet 2025 est normalement le jeu jurassic park survival devrait etre disponible le meme jour sur xbox serie x est plastasion 5 est serie s
Is this game literary only going to be call backs to the original lol
Que ya salga
Wow, its been a year... still no announcement
Dammit why does every game have to be 1st person view? I hope we can get 3rd person choice
Mia Khalifa and Jurassic Park... Sounds great 😆
I love the Dino Crisis esque music
Well? We're waiting!
Another $70 movie game that has more cutscenes than actual gameplay
I’m only watching this because Ark Asa official servers are being DDoSed and I can’t play right now
When is this dropping like come on been a year since this
Can we please get an update? We're so excited about this game but just haven't anything since the trailer
Why is mia khalifa in a dinosaur game?
coming when?
when? WHEN????
I'm hoping for a Sons of the Forest style game only with dinosaurs.
Is this game going to be on ps?
This is game show
It's been a year. Game is dead before release  Dogshit conglomerate.
Soooooo you gonna give us anything for update or just gonna let the fanbase die for another year?
One word, when
thought i was watching a secret movie 😭
Eu estou em 2025
Mia Khalifa jurassic Adventures  :)
I love the fact that the raptor that Lex pushed into the cold storage room escapes.
This burst gameplay framerate... ouch.
Absolutely nothing about this game since this trailer dropped, its gonna go the same way as Transformers Reactivate and be cancelled
2:06 I thought this velociraptor died of the cold in that room.
Are u kidding me I just thought of this idea for half my day and I went to check it up and there already is a game coming out!
I hate companies that tease games and then give absolutely zero information for years
If they manage to make it like Alien Isolation they'll have a gold mine
Were waiting for this to come outttt!!! any update?
So nobody wanna talk bout how fine she is 😍💀😂😂😂 where she been at my whole life 😂😂💀
It's been a year any chance we can get some updates 🙏 🥺.
❤❤❤❤
Ah man, that looks so cool, I’ll be taking a look that when it is released.
Hopefully I can play with friends
THIS IS A GAME?!
Is not realease yet in 2025😅
⏳⏳
CANCELED!! 💀💀💀
Requires a 5090 for 90fps
I wish this game was on Nintendo switch😢
Is this coming out anytime,?
Dam that girl can not get a break
This game looks like yall began working on it right after trespasser flopped 💀
Please.... make a jurassic park movie from others person view (security, doctor, driver, gardener, or other staff) in 1993
Siiiiiuuuuu
DO NOT REDEEEEEEM
They should make a movie about this , loke what happened after they left the island
We still waiting.... 😡
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sad this game has not been released...
Omg, looks great. But at the same time it looks exactly like every nightmare I would have the 90s - the way the film impacted by brain chemistry was *no joke*
Bro this is the 2nd game they added a mia khalifa game character. First one was from silent hill the short message smh
Raptor enters room, characters keeps flash light on to let raptor know where she is  Character runs into jungle in the middle of the night in Jurassic park because, safe.  Is supposed smart doctor, ends up staring at dinosaur that spits in your eyes.  Trex shows up so she lights a flare and just chills.   Oh yeah, gunna be a great game
Nice videogame
A year already? Omg
When bro 😢
I’ve been checking in on this game every so often since watching it at TGA in 2023. 1 full year with no date, and little to no news about it kinda stinks. Hoping for a release sometime this year but I won’t hold my breath.
Definitely on my wish list!!
I’m still waiting on the date
Too bad it's first person
Grafik is so Craaaaazy❤
it beatufieaul
Would love to see a movie like this that uses the same practical effects and graphics as the OG.  Let’s be honest the cgi in the Jurassic World films don’t hold up to the practical affects in the first film.
P-Ark Survival
PLEASE DONT FEED ME TO REXY!
Will we get that "do not move or the Rex will see you, escape the car type thing?" or "hide from the raptors in the kitchen" scene? or even some claustrophobic "stay in the CR for a bit" moment? man exciting game
Bad news it’s 2025 and still no game. Good news is that I’m enjoying Mia Khalifa videos in the meantime.
So we all forgot abt this?
non vedo l ora
Love the Jurassic park films ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Hope it comes out this year
Wow! A Jurassic Park game with Mia Khalifa!
Any word when this is coming out?? Kinda hoping before the new movie
This game is being made by saber and they did a great job with the quiet place game. This is going to be very fun.
We got mia khalifa in jurassic park before gta 6
Want to play but I only have PS4 😢
Looks cool but do we have to play with the DEI woman only?
Maya joshi , here we go!
When is the release date
It reminds me of the A quiet Place game, and I also realised its published by saber as well
I would love a survival game during the fall of Site B
Será un mundo abierto
Mhia Kalifa
I hope it has a free play mode so you can explore the entire island and see the labs, research facilities, docks, residential village, shops, hotel etc.
I didn’t know Mia Khalifa was a scientist 🤷🏻‍♂️
Is this still coming out?
This is a lost masterpiece
its 2025 ... whens the game coming !! lol we only been waiting for like 20 years for this !
why is she a minority
Hopefully not a Jurassic park trespasser again 😆🤣
WHERE IS IT
Not me getting recommended this 14 months later and we still have nothing
Ok when is this coming out it’s been a year
surviving with mia khalifa!
Mia Khalifa?
HELLO?
If you look really closely at the thumbnail, you’ll notice a T-rex
Why The main character looks like Mia Khalifa 😂😂😂.
I’m only now seeing this!!! Also my only gripe is why are we doing first person? We made this amazing character model that we’ll only see in mirrors.
im still waiting
I forgot about this game
Can't wait
RIP to all the fans who waited but aren’t alive to see this 😞
Nah Tim locked that freezer door good... No way the locking pin got out and the raptor escaped.
I wanna play this .. Like now ... 1 year ago ... I rather wait for a good game then get Ubisoft release
This ain’t coming out, ain’t it, Jurassic World? 😢
Did this get canceled? 😢
It would be nice if youg added indoraptor,indominus rex hybrids and others now
Maya Joshi is a typical Indian girl.
Who else is irritated that she didn't close the door behind her? lol
this looks like a rip-off of scenes from the movie.  TAKE. MY. MONEY.
This is really good looking, but I hope we'll get a game with actually accurate dinosaurs that don't just always try to kill you. An accurate T rex alone is enough. Imagine it just staring at you in the dark, cold nights, without you being aware of it. And it made no noise as it walking, slowly following you, except for the occasional breaking of twigs and the slight sound of it brushing against the leaves, and when it makes noise, you'll only feel it, not really hear it.
Who’s in 2025
La protagonista es mia kalihfa?😅
What happened to this game?
So Mia Khalifa does games now 🤣
I wish this trailer never dropped. Been waiting for ages with no real news. Hopes up for nothing.
if we beat the game, we get to go to a revamped jurassic park camp where absoloutely nothing will go wrong
Where’s the game Willam, the teaser came out a year ago
Why did they make the character brown
Where here where waiting
This all happened simply because some fat dude wanted money
Cancelled
Better than the jurassic world movies
We want updates!
Its 2025 where it at?????
Mia Khalifa
We need N E W S ! !
How come there is still no price or release date yet? It’s been a year
oh she is not white, how awful. This will be so modded I hope.
We need a Jurassic Park aftermath movie. I have always want to know what happens after Dr Grant and the others left the island
Chegamos em 2030 e ainda nem lançaram uma gameplay
BET
WE ARE STILL WAINTING HERE !!!! PLZ GIVE US NEWS ABOUT THAT !!
I’m absolutely going to get this, but god this trailer annoys me. First, she hides behind a counter, sees the Dilophosaurus walk a certain way, then goes to that side of the unit. Second, she throws his torch away to distract it, even though she moves at the same time and would absolutely get chased. Third, she takes a break after going through the gate when the Dilo would continue after her. Fourth, she TOOK A STAND AGAINST THE TREX BUT NOT THE DILO
Bet DEI manages to destroy it
Anyone else wanna se references to Jurassic Park The game from telltale games?
Oh Jurassic Park fans are EATING with this!
thank god its a survival horror and not a shooter. i hope if they dont have it start off as a co-op option that they ad a co-op mode , like it takes 2 but with dinos
CHAT WE NEED THIS GAME
Wow, the graphics are astonishing.
What, was she locked in the janitor's closet? Did she sleep through the storm and attacks and everything?? And she's cute! *No one* remembered her???
I came looking for updates on the game and found people genuinely mad that the protagonist is a women.  Since you guys are so convinced women make the game bad, let me name a couple excellent games with women protagonists  -Portal  -Mirrors Edge  -Half Life: Alyx  -Little Nightmares  -Subnautica: below zero (Not as good as the original but still fun)  -Tomb Raider  -Resident Evil 3 (The franchise that created the "survival horror" genre)  There are way more but I just took a quick look through my steam library and picked ones I like the most. You guys are so hypocritical complaining about "The woke hivemind" while being in a hivemind yourself. If the main character being a different gender is enough to make you not want to play then that's a YOU PROBLEM! So enjoy missing out on some fantastic games because "Boohoo, women."
Today is January 28th, 2025 Still nothing about the game at all. Only this game trailer is the only thing we have.
YES ! But please, not FPS. We need TPS survival horror action.  Or at least provide us with a choice. Think of all the players who experience motion sickness !
1 year and 0 updates
“Did you like Alien: Isolation?” …yes “Would you like _that_ but make it Jurassic Park?” …yes…yes, yes I would
Is this out yet?
Jurassic Park > Jurassic World (and that's obvious)
Hopefully this is a game and not a DEI game based off the manly looking protag
1 year and still no release date…
The trex looks so good
I was hoping this would be a solo survival game(like a 3d don't starve with dinos) but it looks more like a typical action adventure, a little disappointing but still sounds like a good let's play watch
If this game has actual 90s suspense orchestras as a soundtrack that’s going to REALLY scratch an itch.
I love all the references in this trailer, like the raptor being locked in the cold storage. And the gate being half way open from Dennis Nedrey.
I hope this will be play on the switch 2
Alan- "Turn the light off.. turn the light off." Tim- "TURN THE LIGHT OFF!."
Mia wtf you doing there
2:05 Oh it’s Randy! This can’t take too long after Jurassic park because he would’ve starved (If your wondering who Randy is it’s the name of the raptor Tim and Lex locked in the freezer)
the game we needed
did this get cancelled
Rex can smash through its paddock fence but can't break through a tiny gate.  Yeah I can already tell this games going to be devoid of logic and as others have pointed out will just be a vehicle to prop up the "Strong female." POC
When?
Mia Khalifa in jurassic park
I'm interested in a Jurassic Park horror/survival game but these callbacks are cringe.
January 2026: Still no further information. :(
So when.
Now this is the excuse I've needed to buy a ps5 since I sold the last 1
does it has male MC? i dont mind game with female characters, but im more like game with male main character. it feel like you play as your self hahahah.
Sooo...any news?
It's been a year is this even happening or has it been cancelled?
Yawn, another POC female protagonist. I got $100 says the bad guy is a straight white male.
How did I not hear about this game until today… I am playing ts
Why announce a game if it’s gonna release 2 or so years after the announcement trailer?
Mia Khalifa?
When does this come out
What time ?
She looks like Mia Khalifa😂
Female vs dinosaurs = no thanks
at least the bigotted christ pratt isn’t in this.
we still waiting
I get a feeling this game will never release.
finally the game I was waiting for my whole life😁 pls do not be a VR game
Michael Crichton vibes.
How many things can we shove into a trailer from the original trilogy. Plus the main protagonist looks like a cross from all the characters from the first movie in female form. Something seems off with this.
It’s funny these big boy brands put females as their main characters. They know boys will play this, and girls won’t.   It’s just blowing off your own toes.  Why do they do that?  It’s like they don’t even know their own target audience  Ofc SOME girls have a game station. Maybe 5 globally.
Insert annoying DEI and have her go through the exact same scenarios as the characters from the original movie. Lame 💩
FINALLY we get to learn what happened to the Velociraptor in the freezer!
Yes I’m buying the new quiet Place survival game yes I’m also buying my childhood Jurassic Park survival game 😖😁😁😁😁✝️❤️🍿
please we need Dinosaurs survival game!!! zombie survival/realistic survival is kinda boring now.
hmmm playing survival game as Mia Khalifa , i guess i can imagine the future mods for this game xD
Looks good. But another first person. Rather a third person .. but still looks like a definite purchase
Hoping for atleast a coop option in the future!
I’m actually rooting for the dinosaur to kill the woman with the glasses. But I’ll pass on this  DEI game.
Is this more adventure with action and scripted moments or more like "Alien: Isolation"?
The only thing I noticed that makes me double think on buying this is the obvious pre-rendered footage and the shabby looking alpa in-game footage 🤷‍♂️ might be misleading, those vegetation and weather physics are top notch, would be awesome if gameplay really turns out exactly like that
we want jurassic world survival to after jurassic park survival
Looks awesome if they really have the actual movie soundtracks as they showed in the trailer and we get to shoot dinos and drive vehicles while being chased by dinos
I like how they included all the soundtracks, they better have that in the game!!! More suspense and movie like
The trailer is a bit nosy on the "hey it's the scene from the movie!" fan service. But still excited!
Yea it’s the spoon that gives her away. Not strobing the flash light around
This is cofirmed to take place a day later after Jurassic park
Amazing ❤
How come I've never heard of this???? It looks awesome!!
Survival in 1st person isn't survival.
This gonna be great 🗿
I'm very cautious on this. Achievements were released and there's only 10 of them. Judging from the amount of achievements this game is going to be very short. This is either going to be a very linear, scripted game, almost like a thrill-ride type of experience with very little control of the character (probably some walking or combat segments); or this is going to be an adventure game similar to Telltale's or Until Dawn where it's a series of cutscenes where you control the character's actions and decisions through button prompts. Both would be really disappointing and not at all a survival-action-horror everyone is hoping for.
Why put a Jurassic World song on a Jurassic Park Game?????  WTF?
A year has passed now and nothing is known about this game, I hope to have positive news soon, I'm happy to have made a Jurassic Park survival game❤
They said it was delayed till somewhat 2025 now that the year has arrived fingers crossed
Is that Mia Khalifa?
He’s me out what if Jurassic World Aftermath is cannon to survival. What if the persons name in here is actually Mia.
Jesus loves you
Alien isolation meets Jurrassic Park LETS GO!
早くやりたいよーーーーー
Did this ever come out?
Will we get jurassic world survival before GTA 6?
Randy is Alive !
I like how this implies there will only be one Velociraptor to worry about, as per the end of the film, the one in the freezer was the only one left alive.
Why isn’t it coming it’s been a year of waiting are you not done with it?
So this franchise CAN make something else then park builder! IT LOOKS SO COOL!
wont be able to afford it till a year after its out but this looks awesome
finnaly a horror jurassic game
This should be co op
Yo you know what would be good if they show robert muldoon alive in this game i loved his character in the movie and since he survives in the book it would be amazing😂
Jurasic park meets dayz! I like it
another strong woman protagonist, clearly companies are not interested in learning from their mistakes.
We bouta win a trip to Camp Cretaceous with this one 🤣
Multiplayer?
Poderiam disponibilizar esse jogo para PS4?
Bro i cant wait ive wanted a game like this for years
My only issue is I wanted to be the dinosaurs and I hope they make more
I AM SO EXCITED
HOLY GRAPHICS THATS INSANE
This game about to be one of the top 10 games made in 2025 i can guaranty it
Man they recreated the famous Raptor in the kitchen scene from JP1 and by far its a cherry on top 😂
Please do optimize it well before release , this is something a lot of new games dont do much and get bad performance
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Not gonna lie it look sick
no bro its not on ps4 :(
Can't wait for TheGamingBeaver to play through this!
In speaking of all jurassic park fans out there: Don't f***k this up please !
The only things im excited for are gta6 and jurrasic park survival
I bet on "Sweet Baby Inc. was involved" level of success.
This year boys this year
This gives me mad nostalgia of lego jurassic world
This movie was my obsession when I was 8. Now I have a heard of my own and never dreamed we'd be going back to the original park! Life indeed finds a way! ❤️
Can't wait for mods to put guns in it
why an indian woman lol
So it's a modern remake of Trespasser. Yay!
What’s the status?!?
this is what we waiting for years years love jurassic moree
I’ll admit I enjoyed building a theme park, but greatly pales in comparison to an actual, nostalgia, JP horror game. No more theme parks. I just want isolated islands and dinosaurs.
I wanna play as a boy
Nah universal is lacking so hard
2024 last day 😢 when. New trailer drop
I seen a comment talking abt how she looks like Mia Kahlifa but I can’t find it 😂
So it’s a better version of Jurassic park the game (2011)
After squashing an indie game people were looking forward to, at least Universal is giving what we’ve asked for since Isolation. Now make an open world survival crafting/building game and all is forgiven. And do NOT sell the rights to Disney.
Anyone still checking in?
Awww, the Dilo puppy's back 🥺
If this comes out for ps5 but not ps4 im going to loose it.
Wasn't that cold storage raptor dead? Lex locked it inside with the key
A year later and still nothing
When will it come out?
How did Mia Khalifa get the role? Will there be metoo too? :-)))
Mal posso esperar😮❤
I think this game got canceled
Mia Khalifa 😂😂😂
where it be?
how long we must wait before release come ? this christmas now or whait to 2025 ? steam says a long time now Upcoming announcement. but when ? when comming tis announcement ??
and now than in vr that will be amazing ^^ dinos in vr ^^
For quite some time now, steam has been saying : Planned release date: Upcoming announcement. When is the announcement supposed to come ? It was the same with the Farcry primal similar game: Primitive and then it disappeared completely before release from Steam and suddenly stood there unavailable in their region. for whatever reason.. terrific
Looks woke
Alien Isolation with Dinosaurs. Amazing.
The game looks so realistic that we can take movie with it
MacBook Pro?
This look unreal
YESSSS I can’t wait for this! I’m tired of all the Jurassic World stuff, it’s taken over the fandom. We need more original Jurassic Park content, and this is perfect- an Isla Nublar survival game, fans have wanted this for years!!
you know what would've REALLY made this game work?  A paleoaccurate Dilophosaurus. Having THAT thing chase me around like a large xenomorph would've rocked.
A now game: not open world.
Finally a Jurassic World/Park game that has good graphics and isn’t a park builder
omg  And truth 😲😳
2:08 I'm surprised that velociraptor in the cold storage is still alive and it got out. I hope there any new dinos in this game.
Jurassic Park to us is still real and not an illusion
sitting on a gold mine and making us wait
¿Why Mia Khalifa is surviving in Jurassic Park: Survival?
When that out? It's been over a year.
Mia kalifa main character 😂😂😂
I hope this radio silence is because they are putting all their effort into making this game pure perfection.
please show us more gameplay or some information of the game please it been too quiet right now😭
the protagonist reminds me of someone...
REXY is here
せめて進捗くらい教えてよ、、 ずっと待ってる、、
Am I the only one who is curious about the main character of this game? she is definitely a copy past of famous porn start Mia Khalifa and her name in game is Maya instead of Miya, hmm just questioning 🤔🙃😉
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park... who though of this ?🤣🤣
I hope it comes out in 2025
The only way a better Jurassic project could be made is if there was a rated 18 (R) 100% book accurate film made
Looks awesome
One year later…. still nothing.
1 YEAR............
Is it possible Robert Muldoon could have survived being attacked by the Raptors like in the comics and will return in this game
When there's still no news on the game so you gotta sit here like 🙂🙃🙂🥲🙃
0:51 she looks just like Mia khalifa 😂
Pls 2 Player
Can y'all believe this trailer's gonna be 1 year old tomorrow?
Can we get Jurassic Park game where we get to be the dinosaurs?!
so there are no further updates on this game??…
Such a shame. Was really looking forward to a JP survival game. Guess we gotta wait for another one
She should take those earrings off, you don't want to run through the forest and get one of those stuck on a branch or something.
Sembra mia khalifa
I love that we finally are getting the survival horror for Jurassic we have been waiting for! Just wish we had more details by now.
Good
Ugly, quirky, dei protagonist. Errgh 🙄
but will it be better then dino crisis?...
Nice game!!!
When is this coming out I’ve been waiting almost a year 😢
I wish it was playstation 4
I can't wait for this to come out. We are finally getting the game we've always wanted from the Jurassic Park franchise.
Why does she look exactly like the woman from Silent Hill: The Short Message?
GTA 6 is cooked
im not sure this girl can make it :D
I'm so excited for this!!!
It's gonna get cancelled, trust
😂😂😂 Just for the meme, there should be a level trying to get away from the dilos with nothing but a can of Barbisol
That dino did the Ross voice
1_ They need to use the dinosaur designs from the first film to make this video game a faithful sequel. They also need to add the dinosaurs that were in the park but weren't shown, such as the large adult Dilophosaurus specimens, and the four Herrerasaurus specimens that were alive during the '93 incident but were later found dead during Operation Clean Sweep in '94. Other facts they need to keep in mind are that the sick Triceratops was eaten by Rexy during the Jurassic Park incident, and that Compsognathus, within the canon, are venomous dinosaurs.  PD: All three Velociraptors died in the '93 incident. They can't add more Raptors than there already were without a very good explanation. That's why they need to look into the declassified InGen files to avoid breaking the established canon.  2_ The Jurassic World franchise is wasting opportunities to show large adult Dilophosaurus specimens. They could show them in Jurassic Park: Survival, Jurassic World: Chaos Theory Season 4, or Jurassic World: Rebirth; we fans are still waiting for them to listen.  PD: I hope it's a good video game, without wokism, DEI agendas, or Sweet Baby Inc.'s involvement in its development. I wish them much success.
please ps4
Almost a year but no update
Mia Khalifa looks different  I LIKE IT A LOT!!!
The raptor has been still stuck in the freezer since jurrasic park lol poor raptor
As creepy as it would be i hope they bring back the parasite dinosaur
How come we never got a true gritty horror Jurassic Park spin off with the same vibe
Oh man!!!!looks like you have to survive but you’re injured
I love how real fans of really great franchises aren’t complaining (just like isolation) that the main character is a girl. We just want a great game made by passionate people, good story telling. Very excite!
Suddenly i have the will to live again.🙏cant wait for this.
LESS GOOOOOO NEW JURASSIC PARK GAME ME HAPPY
Sad that i can't creat my own character
Is that an indian or latino woman speaking with a british accent? I hope we can play someone else
MIA KHALIFA
THRVTH NVKE INCOMING GET DOWN DINOSAURS WEREN'T REAL
SHE'S  SUPPOSED TO BE  WHITE ...... get  woke ,  go  broke MIA KALIFA  starring ?  hahahaha  so  ridiculous
I want to play a Jurassic Park game where everyone enters and explore the park... and then ONE of many potential accidents happen.   Everyone tries to survive :)
Let's hope we see fully grown dilos
Gozei gostoso 😊
When is it releasing?
I hope that we get to drive a jeep in the game. I hope that it's like the generator in amnesia the bunker, having to find fuel around the island, and only having a certain amount, and if we run out we have to go in foot, which is much more dangerous
I want it NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
There must be jurassic park site b survival game and the hurricane event is happening exact same time as the jurassic park movie is happening.The whole plot is u are a scientist and friends with a security guard both of u have survive on being on the island cause the ship ended up  exploding cause lighting strike it causeing it to explode and the both u have to find eveyone else who are still on the island this will be no day at the beach  there will be running and screaming rumble and trouble from roaming dinosaurs eveyone must find way off the island to get to the Mainland or game over
If this game does well, I'd love to see a sequel set on isla sorna, during the hurricane that destroyed the park or after the events of 1997 the post world. The lost world is my second favourite, and I love the atmosphere of that movie, and it could really work as a horror/action sequel to survival.
I’m gonna enjoy watching someone else play this game, my nerves can’t handle this 😂
Sucks that this has seemingly cancelled, but it makes sense. Quiet Place had low sales ((similar concept)) and Saber recently had to go independent.
Almost a year and nothing since :(
If this game was 2 player game or a screen split game this will be so fun seeing in friends getting eaten by a T-Rex😂😂😂
When are you launching this game I really love dinosaurs 🦖 oh and did you know an ankylasouras bone is strong enough to shatter a bone
Pre rendered looked good. In game looked not so good and choppy. Hope it will be good. But the trailer doesn’t have much in game footage that looks good.
We don't seriously have to play as this awful character, do we?  O.o
Hear me out, a full map of the island extraction team shooter/horror game, 80s era weapons and dinosaurs! This is a 9 figures idea.
That main character screams woke.  Hopefully this isnt another woke pos game.
"HEY remeber that one scene from a movie 40 years ago? lets make a game about it!"
Woman be like: I don’t wanna get caught by dinosaur, so imma hide here in the dark and keep my light on
This trailer gives me goosebumps everytime! Can’t wait to play the game!
We get to play as mia khalifa
just waiting for more games because we KNOW the potential. they NEED to listen..
Makes me sad that yall never played the Xbox 360 Jurassic park survival game😢 but I’ve been waiting for another one for so long
Bring it to mobile too
Why does she look like Mia Khalifa?
we also need an E.T game like this where you play as elliot trying to get E.T back home running from the FBI that would be cool
The closest you"ll get to a dino crisis remake too
Same devs that made the quiet place game... should probably curb your enthusiasm now.
please no sweet baby , please no sweet baby , please no sweet baby , please no sweet baby ...
This shoulda been the first game in its genre
Bro, I can’t even tell if it’s animated
Im gonna cry I never knew that Ive always wanted a game like this<3 <3 <3 <3
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Mia Khalifa in the lead role?😅
THE “BIG ONE” LIVES!!!
Alright, it has been a minute since this trailer... What the heck is going on with this game? The silence is defining. Is this even still happening and don't give me that "polish" nonsense either. There should have been a proper gameplay trailer by now. It is odd that Universal did this. Typically it is radio silence until there is a solid release date and something to show for their efforts. This trailer comes out with no release date and no real update at all in 10 months. That ain't a good sign at all.
I don’t get how dinosaur horror games haven’t been done more
This game must be the sequel to Jurassic Park: The Game which was released on 2011 on PC, Playstation 3 and XBOX 360
THIS must be why they never took any developer who already created and developed their own prototype survival horror style jurrasic park game. They already had someone developing it XD. Took long enough.
My pc brokes after seeing the graphics it is better than gta 5
Relis it now pls
Hey Jurassic World, I’ll be thinking what does dresser on survivor has a Murder Drones you’ll be really cool with the n Uigand v can you add them to the game?
What warm childhood memories this music evokes for me! Great!
Can i for once get a believable male character in these video games? Im tired of the diversity hire characters. They already did this to star wars outlaws, which bombed. We already had alien isolation, which was fine. But why do women have to be the main character of all of these games?
Are you shitting me lol? Okay, breakdown time: A: 90% nostalgia 🚩 B: diversity hire checklist basically fully checked. 🚩 C: are they saying she’s been on the island this whole time? Where the hell was she? She’s too dumb to contact anyone?  🚩 D: the teaser and the gameplay are totally different in quality. 🚩 E: she’s a clumsy moron that’s somehow avoided death when it should be clearly unavoidable based on just the teaser. 🚩
It’s so realistic!!!! Unreal engine 10 fr
Maybe because I'm just a casual gamer, but at first I thought this was a movie, not a VIDEOGAME! HOLY CRAP THE REALISM, THE GRAPHICS!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Rexy❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉
"Recreate your favourite scenes from the movies... but with an Indian woman!"
I'd rather play as the Indominus Rex in a game like The Isle than play as another person in a Jurassic Park game.
Is it going to be on Steam
God I hope it’s as good as it looks 🧐 does anyone know who the voice actress is? Sounds like Lara Croft from the tomb raider reboot?!
🦖🏃🏃‍♀️🏃‍♂️🦕🏃‍♂️🏃‍♀️🏃🦖🏃‍♂️🦕
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I would rather have a open World Dino Survival Game where I can play as Dino
Dude it looks realistic
after seeing gameplay from the quiet place game this is gonna be insane
Please make a jurrasic world game plzzz ❤❤
Sorry but the title needs a change. I sounds like a poorly made Roblox game by a 13 year old who likes dinosaurs
I can’t wait for this game, this game is going to mess my heart up with all the jump scares and intensity
39859 Tevin Street
Onlyor she look like Mia khalifas ?!! Haha
From Alien Isolation to this! Awesome!!!
NEED A RELEASE DATE! Looks so good
But why a female protagonist the whole premise is a man and a women seems like a ridiculous idea smh at least use the same premise instead we get that Indian lady who does onlyfans
I hope it's Canon it we’ll have troodon’s
can’t wait to return to my childhood watching gaming beaver play this
we really need an update
Jurassic park: pronouns edition
I would love to see like a multiplayer game based on Jurassic World: Camp Cretaceous ❤
With game releases being a disappointment after disappointment for well over a decade now, dont put your expectations too high😂 however most survival horror games have been pretty good.
the graphics are insane
I wanna see Ned’s dead body be cool
Mia kalifa?
Wow this looks incredible
Porra xaro
BRO WHY DID WE NOT GET THIS SOONER
They pronounced Dr. Mia Khalifa wrong
PLEASE be nice and sandboxy and not just some shitty hand holding paint by numbers thing this idea has so much potential
Finally we can experience the action through the eyes of Mia Khalifa in a great adventure.
*They could make a series like this, instead of that crap Camp Cretaceous.*
If that's the main character, i'd pretty sure to let her eaten alive everytime 😂 Joking aside, this would be even more dope if they make it grittier/darker like the original novel instead of the more adventurous take from Spielberg. Really, i wish to watch the "real" Jurassic park or just to play it.
wow!
Wait that's Maldon hat from  the original
Not nintendo  switch
Not gameplay footage and too diverse main character for me, pass.
What’s Mia Khalifa doing in a Jurassic Park game?
That raptor survived in cold storage the entire time….
Still waiting for more news :( I can't wait to play this. Mia Khalifa changing careers 😂
Me when dilaphosaurus: aw, baby!
they should make this into a film rather than the awful Jurassic world
Is that Claudia Doumit from “The Boys”?
Is that Claudia Doumit from “The Boys”?
Is that Claudia Doumit from “The Boys”?
1:51 Rexy Roars in Jurassic Park survival
The woman in the trailer was real right. Istg if she was animated im gonna lose my mind
The question I have is it multiplayer or not
OMG YES! So excited for this! 😍
Esqueceram esse jogo no churrasco?
If this ain’t m ima cry
This is absolutely insane! I jumped in my seat when I saw the gameplay!! 🎉🎉🎉
Soon we'll get JURASSIC WORLD SURVIVAL as a sequel
Mia Khalifa?
I wonder if this will be movie tame or we're going full Crichton with the horror
Really really hoping IGP or IcyCaress plays this omg this looks amazing
I hope its in the realm of the Alien Isolation game. Now that's survival!
They are too big for Mia Khalifa. Someone save her
DROP THE GAME OR AT LEAST SOME NEWS
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Jesus Christ this looks amazing!!!!
I love the part that this is only with the Jurassic Park theme and not Jurassic World, it's good that there is a balance between these 2, I'm going to look forward to this game on PC
Please don't give me hope
Could the dinosaurs survive the attack of the multirracial MarySue?
Wish it was on PS4 too 😢
"PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY!"   Universal Studios (probably)
John hammond is not a good guy.  He was the actual villain in the real story.  You guys gotta make a movie that is faithful to the book.  It would rule the terrifying horror genre movie for hears to come.
Holy fan pandering, Batman!
this is all I ever wanted omg
me want
Where is it😢
when the game come out?
I've been wanting something like this ever since Jurassic Park Trespasser released. I'm pre-ordering the moment this goes live! I need Steam Deck/Linux support though.
Mia Khalifa it's you
Awful main character
looks like dino crisis
This project was stolen from Krenautican, Universal canceled his game and stole his idea to make this
Any news? I haven't seen anything about this game since this trailer. Really excited about this one.
Hopefully this comes out on Nintendo too.🥺🙏
Why does she look like Jeff Goldblum?
How cool it would be to stumble upon and use Muldoon's shotgun
So you get to play as Mia Khalifa. Nice.
Nice, another self insert game dev, usually a bad sign things to come
9 months ago release date is "coming soon" getting the impression its one of *those* games
Why does "it" look like that?
This game needs to come faster
I'm not paying 70 dollars for a game to play as a stinky jeet
That character design is terrible. Hopefully we can make our own players.
This looks incredibly uninspired. Nostalgia bait at its finest.
Bro as soon as the vid came out I WATCH I came back hoping that there was any new news about it😢
Woke programmer self insert trash hard pass.  Bots in the comments or actual cucks not a sure.  This is first person strong female trash.  Hard pass.
Another self insert character. Yawn.
Gotta get that dei in there god forbidden we actually get to play as a character we know and love like dr.grant
I wonder if this is going to tie into the tall tale game. I doubt it but it'd be cool
I felt really disappointed with the third movie of the Jurassic world i hope this can fix it.
a personagem é a cara do Dr. Ian
. ..My .. .God .. . 8===p
Is the face model of the mc victoria neuman actress from boys?
JURASSIC WOKE
I can't wait to play this, I really hope that they will have a vr version
Goosebumps 🎉
Mia Kalifa making a "come back" 😂
I like the end with the velocira raptor sound.
Standing right next to AT Rex with red flare Jurassic. World vibesalready that's also a reference to Jurassic World.
jurassic woke she has a mans face
I think it will be similar to *Alien Insolation* only that the dinosaurs will be crazy. I have loved that saga since I was little.
how long until this comes out?
it could been better with more characters in which your choice matters for their life like until dawn
❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉 2025 🎉
Everything looks great except for the fact that it's pandering to the "strong (ugly) female lead character trope like every other game.  Basically Tomb Raider with dinosaurs.  Hard no for me.
Why’s Mia Kalifa in my Dino game
Once again Nintendo fans get spat on
Se ve increíble pero soy yo o el  t-rex no se ve con las heridas de los velociraptores¿?
Jurassic park is so nostalgic😎👆
It would be really cool if Saber Interactive would integrate a vehicle driving system into the next Jurassic Park: Survival. There could be different camera perspectives during the confrontations with the dinosaurs. Why not also a co-op mode for greater immersion and more pressure on the players. One player to set up a winch or a bridge and the other to drive a vehicle with a permanent threat related to the elements, the hostile terrain and the dinosaurs. What do you think?
finally the Jurassic park game we always wanted. hopefully it lives up to the hype.
Ok but is it a survival game like The Forest (more open world) or more like Green Hell (Semi-Open but with a linear path story)
if they do this like alien isolation, it'll be massive W
This game is really cool, it reminds me of Jurassic Park, the game with better graphics, I hope it's better
Whaaaaaa how have I not heard about this?!
Just as i was starting to get excited , “sees that its third person”🙄🙄
Not to be nit picky, but can we have a JP game with a male protagonist?
Mia Khalifa in jurassic park before gta6 is insane 🤣
I am so ready
man we need some personalization, i want to be able to choose my character or at least do some custom choices, i do't want to play with a indi mia khalifa
😊
I didn't know that Mia Kalifa was going to star in the new Jurassic Park game.
The best realistic graphics ever!
The theme brings goosebumps
Para que consola es ?
Does anyone know the release date when this will be out?
I love jurassic world(park)
Hi there, I’m only giving all of you a Special Request to be able to get Two of the Tyrannosaurus against one Spino and one Spino  can be killed by the Two Tyrannosaurus in a Very Very Long Movie Pretty PLEASE.
MIA KHALIFA?!
Could've made her hotter
Please please please pretty please don't f*** this up. Please.
2025???
Alien Isolation is one of my favourite games. While I appreciate that the musical score will make this game much less spooky, I am excited that it will appeal to more players. I think it will be a nice friendly version of Alien Isolation that may bring more players to the Survival Horror genre.   VERY EXCITED
GG Capcom!!! Jurassic Park makes a Dino Horror game sooner than you!
why is Mia Khalifa the main character 💀💀💀💀💀💀
YES, YES, YES, YES, YES!!!
I'm glad they put Mia Khalifa in this but they should have included her ridiculously big fake tits as well
Mia does mocap???
I know it's not very horror-like...but it would be cool if I could pet a dinosaur 🥹
So is this going to be similar to Dino crisis? I can’t tell 🤷🏽‍♂️
Vale, me cago en mis pantalones con uno pequeño, pero sale el T rex y le prendo una antorcha en la cara  🚬🗿
Dino Crisis: "Don't bad kid."
I wish they'd allow you to pick a male or female protagonist instead of forcing you to be a female. It doesn't really get me excited.
These are just cinematic cut scenes, and not at all indicative of the final product. Cool your jets, nerds.
I really don't want to play as that woman
I’ve just heard about this game and OMG IM SO EXCITED FOR IT ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I can’t wait anymore. New information please😂
Always felt bad for the Raptor locked in the freezer on JP1  Time to shine 🥶
I'm huge fan of jurassic movies from my childhood
When will this game come?
Can we get this game in play store
I need a date when i can pre order this game stat!
Looks like Spielberg, feels like Spielberg…Looks great 👍
I can’t wait! I just hope they will be incredibly faithful to the look and design of the original 2 movies, all throughout!
I so want this to be like alien isolation where you dont do much fighting back and it's mostly running / proper survival horror vibes.  Cannot wait for this - Looks mega.
Please launch on PS4
Release date of 2028
I thing this is copy of dead by daylight
That character model is kind of ridiculous. It looks like a hip hop rapper. Every appendage has jewelry or an accessory. It looks out of place and distracting.
Aw man, you have to play as a girl?
Agosto 2024 y nada 😂😂😂😂
Calling it now. This game is gonna fall to the DEI trend. Can already tell from the quirky, politically correct, super safe choice of a main protagonist.
Nice 👍
That's pretty great it goes back to the 1st movies island. Looks like a sequel after which I can really enjoy because it explains backstory to after what happened to the island and your trying to survive to get off the island. If they take thier time with this. 1st person would be really great playing this and getting chased from dinosaurs the whole game while also seeing some cool parts to where you learn about them too while having fun playing through the game. Can't wait to see gameplay of it and hope it does good. This franchise has true potential they just gotta use it to thier advantage.
😂 No thanks
Rad. I found this after thinking that Jurassic Park would be perfect for a survival horror game, but multiplayer. Randomized starting locations around Nublar and different character types like game warden, scientist, visitor, etc., with the objective of escaping. Different escape routes have different requirements. Dinos may or may not be players, maybe both. Basically a larger scale, asymmetrical horror.
Me to
Ty no more theme park building crap.
I mean, Mia Khalifa did say she was looking for new experiences
I wanna play as the Spas shotgun guy....not this chick.
Gameplay gives RE:7 vibes. Super excited
👌👌👌👍👍👍❤️❤️❤️
ITS BEEN 8 MONTHS WHEN IS IT COMING
capcom remake dino crisis you cowards
Hope this will be UE5 and optimized! But ... networking eight connection machines and debug two million lines of code is not easy nor cheap!
This looks like a great PS3 game
Why the main girl look like Mia Khalifa like EXACTLY like her
Hopefully it's more "Alien Isolation" than "The forest".
Game looks good, protagonist looks ugly af.
ETA for this video game?????
So the protagonist doesn’t look where she’s stepping, looks back at the dinosaur that may or may not be hunting her, and doesn’t turn off the light?
Lara is that you?
Flare wouldn't work on trex, velociraptor were chicken size, dilo were a lot bigger BUT still love the jurassic park, cant wait for release date
Why not just use the original characters such as Alan Grant, Muldoon, and Ellie instead of Mia Khalifa?
Nice. NOW BRING JURASSIC PARK BUILDER BACK!
lol she looks like that model who fights the porn industry Mia Khalifa and her name is also Mia 🤣
I'm telling you if this game does it come out on the PS4 which is not of course I have to get a P5 for this
DILOPHOSAURUS!! WOOO
Il sort quand ?
I'm not playing a game as a pajeeta.  I'll pass.
I am so excited about playing Jurassic park survival when it comes out and almost at the end of the trailer the velociraptor from 1993 movie escapes from the cold  storage 😮😮😮😮🎉🎉🎉🎉
Unlike the movie those who play this game shall get the full tour of the park the characters in the movie never got to do
This is the game I wanted as a kid but never got
Dilophosaurus: She's tripping over herself in terror.  Tyrannosaurus: Fire up a flare and looks that f***** in the eye.
When does it release?
Como q el juego se enfocará en la única trabajadora q no logró escapar del parque
Bro this looks so real !!
So excited!!
2024 JP  Survial
And that's how simple Jurassic Park Part 2 and even Part 3 would have been. I am still waiting for a worthy continuation of the series, and I really hope that one day we will get a worthy sequel (closely linked to JP1).
:o
As long as they make it purely Jurassic Park and no lost world or jurassic world nonsense..
If they can create tension similar to playing King Kong on the PS2 for the first time, then this game will be superb.
So the dinosaurs eat the brown people?
Yay... those are all my favorite scenes from the movie but streamlined and with a brown girl
gimme
I hope this game receives the M-rating it needs/deserves.
How is she gonna survive while wearing GLASSES? We all know what happened to Dennis😭 but excited nevertheless
If this becomes a multiplayer game my soul will be fulfiled
remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park remember this from Jurassic park
Woow she is beatiful
I wish they wouod give us a release date for this
The graphics look incredible
If you havent played alien isolation. Play it, its incredible and it will give you a good idea of what this game is gonna be like
This looks very good, the detail on the Trex looks very High quality.
¿¡Mia Khalifa is a survivo?!
Was waiting for this game since Trespasser.
Here again. I am hoping that this game would get all the love it can get. We've been waiting YEARS for this and it's finally here, somewhat! I really cant wait.
She looks like Mia Khalifa
Na początku myślałem ze to gra aktorska! Świetnie to wygląda!!!!!
When Is it gonna come out
Okay, I'm not asking for Call of Duty, but this game needs to have firearms. They had arms lockers in the Movie and Novel. I saw SPAS-12's and M-16's. It'd be cool if they kept it in 1993 tech, too. I just won't want another Alien Isolation.  Which is an awesome game.
When?
what is Mia Khalifa doing on Isla Nublar ? 😂
Yall gotta make this a 4 player game
Looks like woke dei , linear gameplay trash . This is not what we asked for .
Take my money!!!
Who let the raptor out of the freezer??!!
Evading the Rex sounds like it's going to be a blast. Surviving the raptor sounds like it's going to be. . . stressful.  Like, _Dark Souls_ stressful.
Ich bin sehr gespannt und freue mich auf das Game. 😊
All this game has to be, LITERALLY all this game has to be, is just Alien: Isolation but with dinosaurs.
I have been praying for a remake of trespasser for years, this will do nicely though. Hoping this turns out like a cross between alien isolation and resident evil.
Really hoping Robert Muldoon is in this game..........
awsome
If this upcoming game is canon to the Jurassic Park movies, then when does this takes place?
Trespasser 2. 1:50 The Better Roar.
Horror dinossaur yessssssss 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 ☠💀
Maybe I'm already crazy, but why do I see in this trailer Mia Khalifa (only without her wonderful breasts) running away from reptiles 😐😐😐😐😐
Mia Khalifa ❤
WOAW
So excited
The Dilophosaurus scene is soo far familiar to velociraptors at the kitchen scene, oh my god..Gosh that's soo realistic I thought it's new jurassic PARK movie trailer, I need to play it when this comes out.
Jur-a-sis-e-puh-rak
Finally a new Jurassic park game better then Jurassic park the game and all the park builders they made
I like that the dilophosaurus gets some more spotlight.
Es un juego o una película XD
You telling me the raptor who trap in the fridge was not the same that got killed by rexy
great animation in the beginning but, they literally race swapped the young white child, and changed the dino..  from a velociratpor to the dilophosaraus.    I hope the game is good, it would be cool to attempt to survive in this world.
Nah I'd survive..... probably
Copy paste of Alien Isolation looks like. But still pretty cool.
I hope the new JW movie will bring back the horrors of the JP moviee brought. This alone is much better than these new JW movies. Horror is what JP is all about. That's why it still holds up to this day. You can play that 1993 film in the cinema today and people will think it's been filmed from 3yrs ago or something. JP series also quite followed the novel that's why it's so good. Give up the black market dinosaur theme, having a dinosaur as a subordinate theme. Bring back the horror of these animals. That's is what these recent JW movies are missing.
This music ❤️
They better make this good especially for making a fan game have to rebrand their game on Dreams
ambiguously homely genius female person of color?  no wai!
Where are all the snowflakes complaining about the protagonist being an Indian female?
If I’m playing a chick that looks like Mia Khalifa I’m not playing it. The realism of a female surviving by herself in a situation like that isnt likely. Please let us pick our character
Should make a JP game that lets you play 2 stories. 1 as a human and the other a raptor.
OMG this game will my favorite game
One question   This Game is going to play in a switch?
1:50
I hope it’s like an alien isolation type of game, that game had me on edge every second.
Bet you the graphics aren't ad good lol haha..
This looks really professional and such attention to detail. I hope this game will be for Jurassic Park what Alien Isolation was for the Aliens franchise.
A whopping 6 seconds of what appears to be gameplay, rest being cinematic.
I’m so glad it’s Jurassic Park and not World!
omg i have been waiting for this
Oh look .. its UNISEX Jeff Goldblum ... looks like a stinker .. 🦨
WHY HAS IT TAKEN THIS LONG FOR ME TO FIND OUT ABOUT THIS!?!!
أحلى لعبة ديناصورات بالعالم 🍁
Scary game.
Im Brasil
A jurassic park game with Mia Khalifa as the protagonist? Nice.
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Why does the character seem very borderline like "the force is female" pick.
Jurassic Park > Jurassic World. In all cases
Plz be good
I've wanted this game my entire life.
wow trying to copy the same scenes from the movie... very original and creative.
Why they are not using Unreal Engine 5.4 for the best results ?
We need one where you are the dinos plz:)
I hope it's going to be scary, like really scary.
Lo amee!!!❤❤❤
They had to make it a girlboss that look like tomb raider
Why a survival Jurassic Park game didn't come sooner?  I can't wait to play it!
Mia Khalifa se volvio canon en Jurassic Park
Another First person crap game…..
I've fallen in love with her, people
I needed this in my life.
this better not cost 60+ dollars
Estou muito animado para jogar este game no meu Xbox Series S e PS5. Vai ser insano de divertido. Survivor+Dinossauros?=PERFEITO! Última vez que vi isso foi em King Kong Peter's Jackson no PS2, viciante e divertido, aliás. SÓ VEM Jurassic Park: Survival
This is one game that could look good in vr
Wooow mía Khalifa
we need a jurassic world game
This has so much potential. I really hope they do it justice, because it could be so very, very good.
1:07 Guys if I remember, that pin on the door was... secured... 2:09 Oh, Timmy...
Will it be open world / semi open world like survival games like Subnautica? Or will it be a linear kind of survival games?
Cool
I thought its the end of jurassic
I thought its the end of jurassic
Ooh my, Mia Khalifa as protagonist!
that DOES look intriguing 🤩 I hope they dont fudge it up.
Randy the raptors got out, yay! Freezer raptor was always my favourite
Mia is that you??
Badicslly its alien gsme
Why a british women
Looks like a PS4 game in the actual footage, but still hope it's good.
I hope this has a vr mode 😩😩😩😩😩please have one
I just hope its rated M.
Wokerassic Park. 💩😊
45 seconds in... All retread and member berries and wrong details... The car Tim was in tumbled facing the wall, not the other side of the tree... Makes no sense... Anyway... I regret clicking on this, not even gonna finish the trailer, hope the algorithm doesn't keep suggesting more jp vids
I will be happy for them to show the secret places of Jurassic Park that we have never seen in the movie that have only been in the novel.
It is here we get the answer about the trapped velociraptor in the fridge question. We see that the door is open, meaning it was able to escape.
I can’t wait for this game
OG Jurassic Park? An ADULT horror/survival game for once!? MIA KHALIFA!? Be still my beating heart.
Hoping this is more based off the book! It would be a great fit with the horrow
This would be terrifying in VR
So it's not only me who thinks the main character looks like Mia Khalifa? Devs intentionally made her face look like that I'm for sure. 🤣🤣🤣
“CAN YOU HEAR ME? IV’E BEEN LEFT BEHIND ON ISLA NUBLAR!”   Camp Cretaceous the prequel.
This game looks so good!!! I am so freaking hype for it to come out and I can't wait!!!
Great, looks... like a random, politically correct character with no good reason to be there, crowbarred into a beloved world, to which all the iconic scenes have been stuffed into the trailer to work the nostalgia glands of fans... boring...
Why did she leave the door open???
You can't tell me that's not Mia Khalifa
Do not the the name
That was fun!
1:50...1:52 if you're impatient. Idk why this couldn't have looked nicer. Did they lower the looks so it would play on Nintendo too?😮
I feel like this should be a sequel to the telltales Jurassic park game
Just cliche after cliche.. you people are so pathetic and unoriginal it's embarrassing. What a waste. 🤡🤣
Lets make a 2:15 minute trailer and show literally 2 seconds of gameplay….yeaaa great idea  #AnotherFlop
i cant wait for the new game bro
Why not having a white dude as the main protagonist as a change. Wouldn't that be something? And it didn't show any gameplay so we will see.
Y para Nintendo Switch
Mamma Mia
We've come a long way since PacMan.
Female protagonist, pass.
I'm looking forward to this game more than GTA 6
Hope we get to play both male and female and customize are characters
Lo queremos*
Cuando para vr2 lo que remos ver
👃🏽
Mia kalifa is that you? 😂
1:57  Would that be the raptor from the freezer?  Because Rexie killed the other 2 and there were only 3 Raptors in total.
the biggest fear is dilophosaur's mane and their chicken voice
C’est clairement mia khalifa
It's been six months. We NEED this game now! :)
Hey guys just rewatching the trailer for the millionth time
I would love to find that Dennis Nedry's jeep, Muldoon's hat, and Mr. Arnold's arm are all in this game as references. Along with Grant's hat, and maybe Tim's book. Just so many references, ugh! Imagine a game set on Sorna about being a group of the InGen hunters, and you yourself have to get off the island as you are left behind.
WE NEED THIS NOW!!!
Wooooow wooooow wooooow!!!!!! Jurassic Park!!!!
Can you Please put this in VR?!?!
Will we be able to choose a different character? One without an annoying English accent? (I'm English, by the way).
Блджад, как канонiчно! Аж экран замироточил.
The cinematic graphics could be the real graphics. Lame
Wow can finally play as violet myers 🤯😁👌🏽
Bruh why is main char female in every new game
I love nostalgia bait.. this and the new Indiana Jones game
Single player! Not having any friends pays off!
That girl looks like she should have been dead in the trailer—let alone the game. Not sure how believable this will be …
Imagine how good this game could be Now lower your expectations  Lower them a little more  Reduce the frame rates  Make it woke Enjoy... if only for a few days.
Taking bets it's more about the strong, diverse and independent heroen that it is about the lore 🤦‍♂️
Когда выйдет? Или еще не сказали?
Надеюсь будет побольше черных трансгендеров! Особенно динозавров
Rendered video - perfect 4k HDR quality. Gameplay - 20 fps pixelated 480p. Just wtf xD
This is a game I want
YOU'VE ALERTED ME,I NEED TO KNOW
RELEASE DATE?!?!
F*CK YESSS!! I need this yesterday in my life (L)
I thought it was real life
nice mia khalifa without boobs
Is the main character modelized after Mia Khalifa or what ? Because she gonna have dino size problem 🤣😜
This is trailer reminded me of Alien: Isolation, but not cheap Chinese movies
Bro, is this real life 💀
Well it would have been a good game if it weren’t another woke protagonist! You lost so many players because of this. We players are over it!
Happy International Dinosaur Anniversary!! Day!!! occasion Month celebration!!!! 🎉🎉🎂🎂🎁👍👍👏👏 greetings on the previous date, June 1st, 2024 as well as this month June. 🦖🦖🦖 I already always FOREVER infinite and FOREVER beyond loved and liked dinosaurs.
LETS GOOOOOOOO kinda hoping its like alien isolation with dinosaurs
Is there a fee?
This is what we wanteddddd 😭😭😭
Why she is scared of the Dilo and with the T-Rex thinks she´s Homelander?
how am i just finding out about this now? We've been waiting for this for years! An actual horror Jurassic Park game.  Let's hope they keep true  for the fans and not ruin the idea with stupid choices that failed in other games.
First chaos theory then this! Jurassic world be makes jrassic history 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Finally what everyone wanted. Mia K halifa + Jurassic Park!
Why does the T rex/Rexy look like the JWD version?
No game, no hype. Those are the rules.
Jurassic park starring mia khalifa
alasho
soenfisoalaLalas ashamalama
When will more info come out on this games ? We alll love Jurassic park
Man now we are talking that's the game I want to play. I want to experience Jurassic Park horror, hide run for your life, oh boy. I'm not like the guys who likes to build a Jurassic Park but to survive it's wilderness!
so camp cretaceous just alone and a game
Awesome 😎
Dudes saw a YouTuber make Jurassic Park game and made him not to use their initials (even tho it is stated as "fan" game) just so they can make their own game (100% they did not know what to do anymore so they just used "inspiration" for fellow YouTuber)
When they show so many of these weak humans escaping from Mature T-Rex Dinosaurs and Velociraptors actually make these legendary dinosaurs feel and look weak
Is there a character select option at the start? If not I'm out.
wow... mia Khalifa
what a horrible actor that woman is!!! she acts as if there are pups in front of her!
Хочу хочу хочу хочу 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😱😱😱😱😱😱❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥
wouldn't want to play a girl, suck it
looks amazing, a little fan servicey such as with the flair but really at this point who cares. I am stoked also I can be the only one thinking the whole trailer "turn the light out, turn the light out"
Park>World
Lmao they put Mia Khalifa in a Jurassic Park game. Nobody's going to take this seriously. Could've used literally any other likeness.
Please have listened to people and made this like Alien: Isolation. That should be the blueprint. I don't understand the developers choice in the way characters look now.
I swear if the troodon pectididon is back I’m fina go crazy who’s with me 👇
Up
In this day and are nothing should be without a multiplayer option 🤦🏾‍♂️
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic world is crazy
it’s not scary if it’s just a scripted cut scenes…😂 plus I hate the look of the main character, i’d play just to watch that tart get eaten alive again and again 😂😂
Is the game cancelled?
I thought it was a movie beuh
Ended up being a dud.
I want a scene with elevator music from snes jurassic game 🎉
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
The game looks good gameplay and graphics wise but you all ruined the character design. She doesnt even look like she works at a dinosaur research facility. All the flashy jewlery and shirt and jeans designed for walking up and down the city. Kind of ruins the atmosphere for me. Maybe make it so you can put a skin on her that even shows up in cut scenes? I dont know but I hate the way she looks.
Hope this game is canonical to the movie timeline
A-a-alien Isolation 2? I-is that you?!
Is this playable on xbox 1S
I will only play this if I can have a rail gun and rocket launcher
has anyone mentionned Mia Khalifa yet? ^^
Use Unreal engine ffs
Fishy boi?
Praise God it's an actual jurassic park game not a knock off praise God!!!
The game gives Alien Isolation vibes! looking forward to play  PT: Mia Khalifa is that you?
Well that explains why Operations was made to change their branding.
Is she Mia Khalifa?
البنت هذي بتشبه ميا خليفة
No brown girls in my version please and thank you
I'm just tired of female leads. I don't care how good or bad games are anymore, because we've been smothered with this trope for almost a decade, it almost never works, and we're constantly insulted for not supporting it. Call me what you want, but I'm not spending money on this stuff anymore.
Jinkies!
YES!!  IVE BEEN WAITING FOR A JURASSIC PARK HORROR GAME FOREVER!!!!! 😭😭
Mrbeast burguer , the company , very cool in the world , take your burguer , for eat in or car or at company , dont you ? But it not have in brazil, go to usa , for eat at company , mrbeast burguer!
WTF , she know the mia Khalifa , but she is hot
Imagine a dlc that takes place on an open world isla sorna
Finally Mia khalifa in a video game 10/10
Fun Fact: this game was originally supposed to come in 2001 after the release of Jurassic Park III
0:19 rip alan grant's hat
Jisko Ye Mila Khalifa Lag Rahi Hai Samaj Lo Barbad Ho Gaye Ho Tum😂
“CAN YOU HEAR ME? IVE BEEN LEFT BEHIND ON ISLA NUBLAR!” Camp Cretaceous: “First time?” Edit: I just came back to this and realized it’s my most popular comment lol
The way the dinosaurs look so much like the movie props has this uncanny vibe that feels really satisfying. Can't wait.
At one point I thought It was a new Jurassic park film until I found out it was a game the graphics and how well animated the game looks gives off realistic perceptives I thought that she was a real live actress but she was actually a fictional cgi character
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! ❤
Jurassic Park is pulling out a survival horror game, Jurassic world Chaos Theory is about to release.. keep it coming 👌
This is an incredibly cool concept (and the gameplay footage at the end looks great) but it's also weird that she re-enacted like 3/4 of the iconic moments from the original film in a single cutscene/trailer
show us the gameplay plz 🤨
I seriously need to play this, it's available on ps4 guys?
This is gonna be sick!
What is it with western games and making their female characters ugly as possible? I notice a weird trend where the guy characters are made to be hot or good looking but the females are intending not?  Do westerns just hate women all around? I heard a lot about how their workplaces have unfair and unsafe environments for them
Is it me or that the moment some fan game is being made on a franchise and It picks up attention the studio decides to make a game for the franchise using  the hype and tells the fangame to go rebrand it's self
Mia Kalifa
DEI strikes again!
Thought the island was destroyed by a volcano...???
Wow it looks as if dying light was a Jurassic Park game.
Imagine this in VR and co-op. Now that would be the most incredible game ever created.
Hope Muldoon is in this game. He was one of the original survivors in the book and was a total chad. If I remember correctly, he stayed behind so the others could escape 🗿
Wow a culturally diverse main character. Who would have thought?
Que bien, juegas con mia khalifa
Nope, I aint gonna play this... It's too well done
porque en el fragmento 1,46 de video esta ilkay?
Yk the graphics are good when I watched this for a minute and a half thinking this was a movie
I really hope it’s gonna be like alien isolation where it’s an actual horror game with unique mechanics cause they have to make this game good, I mean Jurassic park is one of the main reasons CGI exists
Nice quality
Why they put Mia Khalifa as a main character...
😂😂 this is funny
This storyline could also make for a great movie! Bring us back to Isla Nublar and shows us things we never got to see!
I like that this main character has a totally appropriate outfit, but is super gorgeous. Game devs need to take note that you can be respectful WITHOUT insulting the looks of the average person.
Awe... Well there goes the RPG element for me 😢 I wish we could choose a character.
If this comes out, I'll make a point of buying a PC
The main character is an actual employee of Sweet Baby Inc.
Clever girl!
If this has VR support it will be hectic
This is gonna suck, isn't it?
Is there already a release date?
Why am I gonna cry!? I’m so excited
Change the MC
i feel the need to also say this is what I've been waiting for
Goodie gumdrop!
I like that we get to play as Mia Khalifa on isla nublar..  made modders job a lot easier lol
Mia khalifa?
if they make a male character they are going to use johnny sin face
jurassic park Mia khalifa edition
Hope this is the spiritual successer to Tresspasser.
I hope it's like in the books 😢
The website says it’s an action-adventure game, not a survival-horror game.   Thats a bit of a downer. Also hope it’s good, but I don’t trust trailers that have 5 seconds of gameplay in them.
What is the release date?
wow Its a movie
i hope this is something like Alien Isolation, especially ai wise for the dinosaurs. they would be insane not to follow that game's approach closely. Ideally this game will have some actual combat too, being able to fight back in survival horror makes the game that much more engaging when done correctly. Resident Evil style. Luckily that's already been done too with Dino Crisis. I hope the devs take inspiration from there as well. Please be good.
Gamers: we are not racist, we just don’t want diversity shoved down our throats  Gamers the second anything that isn’t a white man, a Japanese man or a thick asian woman appears on screen: woke DEI SBI jewish SJW agenda, the west has fallen 😡😡😡😡😡
mia khalifa seems brilliant in this one, wonder what the story concludes
Cartman: "Throw a diverse woman in it, and make it lame!" This is getting tiring.
0:26 "This is doctor Mario-Yoshi" 😂
This is looking like if the main cast of Jurassic park 1 ether died or made it out before anything happend
The graphics look absolutely amazing!!!!!
I’m praying this game has a Dino crisis and King Kong 2005 feel for it
🐊🖒💖
...With the character looking like that? I'll pass... I took one look at her face, and automatically made me wish the Dinosaur was the playable character instead.
D I V E R S I T Y
Gonna take years to develop this to an absoulte pin point
The Dilo´s frill looks kinda small
more news, when?
Let's gooo!! Jurassic park
This looks amazing!
It would be amazing if they did it with the dinosaurs in the book, like Jurassic Park The Game did
jurassic... kalifa? is dr. sin`s here as well?  ah DEI... okay - naaaaah
Why does it look live action? You can usually always tell when it’s animated but I had to really look to be able to tell.
Oh yes, a strong female character who is a minority. Top notch story writing
Wow, Mia Khalifa in the Jurassic Park game? Just shut up and take my money! XDDDD   Jokes aside though, this looks intersting, very interesting, especially considering that the last time a really good game based on JP was realesed was in the 1990's ffs. Let's just hope that this one will not suck T-Rex' eggs.
Every time I open the app it tells me what I got from a pack and when I press ok it crashes . What do I’d I’ve done everything to try and fix it😢
Wow. They even hired Mia Khalifa. This game will be stunning and brave.
I swear it just gonna bee alien isolation but with dinosaurs
Game should be.  Drop you on the wide map of Jurassic park.  Now players should play who will survive the longest!!  With a narrative a long the way while survivng like some pieces of story.
i am in love with game i can't wait to come out and play.
For those who don't know, in 2001 we almost had a game called Jurassic Park Survival on PS2, which was being developed by Savage Entertainment, unfortunately it was canceled months after being officially announced, at E3 2001 we had a trailer for the game, For those who want to see it, this trailer is available in HD on the Jurassic Time channel, and recently I made a video showing everything I found about this game on the internet, I will update it soon, If you want to watch it, just search here on my channel, it's the first video.
Well, well, well, what do we have here? A Jurassic **PARK** game, not World, Park! Like it should be. I like Jurassic World but it's very annoying to see it plastered all over the property, even on things that were only in the first film.
I loved Jurassic world aftermath so I cannot express how excited I am for a similar concept to become an expanded AAA game
i hope it will be like alien isolation
Is this game going to be like a movie or a game
It's such a shame that is probably going to be cancelled! Why release  a trailer! It's only LET US JURASSIC PARK FANS DOWN!  What a shame...
I have to say that I am a big fan of Jurassic Park to the point of watching them all over and over again, and from my point of view this game looks GREAT, I can't wait for it to come out :D
Why is the character look like mia Khalifa...
It should be a movie
watch capcom revive dc after this pops off, can’t wait 👌🏼
Makes me think of the tell tale game but seems more freedom in choice i hope they make a few nods to it but this looks amazing
Looks promising. Can I change character to a male or is it forced to be this character?
Hopefully not another woke protagonist game. Fingers crossed. 😊
The cinematics look very cool, but what worries me are the final 7 seconds of gameplay, clearly there is a huge graphical change, there is the fact that it will only be in first person, I would have preferred one in third person like the current RE. Let's hope in all this time it improves a lot on a graphic level, especially at minute 1:57, those textures and shadows look like they are from PS3. We all want a Jurassic Park survival horror but one that is well done.
Hope its getting CO OP
Itd be cool if it was multiplayer
When is it coming out? It looks cool. I can’t wait. Has awesome graphics.
Any vr chance
GUYS!! THE TRAILER ON THE JURASSIC WORLD CHANNEL HAS 2 MORE MILLION VEIWS THAN THE TRAILER ON THE PLAYSTATION CHANNEL!! JURASSICS, ASSEMBLE
She kinda looks like mia khalifa lmao
It’s FINALY here…… REJOICE!!!!!!
Looks good, now to double check that Sweet Baby Inc isn't involved.
I can't tell if no one mentioned how she looks kinda like Mia Khalifa, or if they're deleting comments saying that.
As long me and my buddy can run for our lives in a gas powered Jeep with SPAS-12 shotguns on a desolate and dinosaur infested island...take my money
bro why not just make a whole new jurassic park series of movies or episodes! I loved the movies until Dominion came out
some people are mad that there is no gameplay but it makes sense cuz it an announcement trailer not gameplay trialer
Ok if thats the main character, an Indian woman then there's the wokeness. Ive got nothing against different races. But if this woman character is who we play as in the game then its for one reason. For entertainment to once again try to in a slick way say to us, "Youre all horrible people and dont want diversity. So were gonna shove it in your face". Diversity is fine. We all can agree. But if its added in such a way that the industry is going to call us what were not as the general public then forget it.
Not sure why Mia Kaliffa is the main character
When is this gonma actually come out anyone know?
Man, I'm loving what I see here but its another game without a Character Creator. I'd love to see less prefab characters in games and just be able to make my own.
Please please please make this game awesome!
I hope there is alot of references to the original Jurassic Park the Game for Xbox 360
THIS. THIS IS WHAT WE NEED. A BIG STEP FOR TODAYS GAMES
finally a descent jurassic park game and they make it a first person🤦‍♂️
Anyone know when this is coming out?
1:32 Anybody hear that? It's a um... It's an impact tremor is what it is. I'm fairly alarmed here.
Super excited but also wish it was coop. I'm dying for a Jurassic Park survival strategy/puzzle game where it forces your group to split up to get different tasks done or just the sheer terror of raptors running in unexpectedly. Some gets locked in a room with powered doors, trying to find a way out through vents while others look for generators to get the doors open ect. Pretty much playing the movies with a group of friends :D
Kinda wish they went with the full-size Diloposauraus from the book.
I hope it has good X-box controls, Hopefully nothing confusing
Dying light but not zombies
One of the most legendary film movie in my life this movie only in my first childhood to nowadays I can't forget to see this Jurassic movies is the first class top legendary movies....
I pray so hard that this game will be good. The Jurassic Park (not World) franchise needs a reboot.
Meh
They should turn this game into a movie. We want Horror Jurassic Park not all hold hands with dinosaurs in peace.
Vai vir pra ps4?
I don't know what character model is worse, this one or the star wars outlaw one ewwwww
Eaat herrr eaaaat herrrrr!
too bad for the lost wild 😢
If this is woke, it better go broke!
I hope different species appear, I don't want just the dinosaurs we saw in the first 1993 film to appear. As many may know, there were other species on the island, Metriacanthosaurus, Herrerasaurus, Segisaurus, and possibly Baryonix. But they could also include Compsognathus in the game, they even appeared in Jurassic Park The Game.
the game would stay beautiful in third person
the game is insane, please add an option to play in third person----- PLEASE------
I can believe Payal is starring in this! First time I know the main character of something irl
I can't wait to play it 😍
She's wearing a yellow shirt 🤌
"You play as the diversity hire that was left behind"
Looks cool
I AM SO HYPED FOR THIS GAME!
So now we know if the raptor inside the freezer survived
Years after Dino Crisis - finally what we really wanted all along!
Btw, the character is Mia Khalifa wtf
Jurassic park ft Mía Khalifa
im still waiting for a remaster of jurassic park : the game from 2011, playing it as im writing this
That's not Mia Khalifa?
YES!!! This game is coming out for PC! HELL YEAH!
W GAME 🔥
Jurassic Park Isolation.
VR please!
Mis Khalifa and The Dinos party
My goodness, Jurassic Park: Survival would be one horror and terrifying game to play to face with other dinosaurs 🦖😳 right after the original film in 1993, until it ended it became a timeline backstory where looks like John Hammond with his grandchildren and his three doctor friends finally evacuated. They didn’t know there was one survivor left behind on Isla Nublar all the time.
Her name is Dr. Maya Joshi, first indian in Jurassic😂
the seris Jurassic Park
Games looking good but the facial expressions around 1:23 look terrible
Don't be surprise if this was worked on by a woke consultant company like Sweet Baby Inc.
It does the thing! 0:46 like in the movie 🤣 Idk about yall but im getting this fosho! I know there'll be jump scares, ill play with the lights on idgaf 🤣🤣  "Adding.To.Wishlist"
It’s what Darius was playing in camp Cretaceous
Looks like it didn't survive development 😢😢
Does anyone know if this game will get physical releases on all of the listed platforms or just some of them? I especially hate it when the PC versions don’t get a physical release. That’s totally not fair!
0:53 this shot with the pans on the floor proves it takes place AFTER jp1, but not too long after. perhaps she was left behind on the island.
Yessss
Jurassic Park Builder is my dream but it is ok
Ojala sea cooperativo
Hope this is a co-op story
Bruh why not for nintendo
I genuinely hope this doesn't get cancelled
Dinosaur Isolation  OHHHH YEAHHHHHHHHHHH  Hopefully if this goes well, Capcom might think about remaking Dino Crisis.
this looks like such an incredibly cheap nostalgiabait game, sucks to see it
I thought that this game trailer is a jurassic park series trailer
Who’s the black girl in the trailer? :)
When it will be available?
I hope that contols are not hard
I love how it's a Dilophosaurus being the main threat in the trailer since it far to often Raptors.  Also I find it funny she's scared of the Dilophosaurus but seems unafraid of the T-Rex.  Still Great Job and I can't wait to play it!  :)
i tought it was a movie 😭😭
He'll It's about time
Can't wait ❤
Арк плачет стоя
И вот такие интеллектуалы ещё доказывают что то, фонарик можно выключить на кнопку, особенно если прячешься
You know whqt could be cool? An Until Dawn style Jurassic Park Horror game
😍
Dam, i hate game trailer now a day, all animation and no gameplay, i mean, gameplay doesn't matter anyway, i'm here to wach a movie and breath taking graphics, here is what's really important in a game. Great job, now i know it will really be a fun game that i wana buy. (Sacasm)
How dilofossaur escaped from nedry's car? It is based on the book?
Hey the raptor in the freezer is still alive
If it plays like alien isolation it would be legit
When😮😮😮
tot tobuk tütüphaneme etleyin !!!!!?!''!!---+++--2221113311
A strong woman of color for a new game! YAWN put a chick in it and make it lame and gay
Sign me up 😲
They should make a multiplayer co-op where 4 friends can play together a survival game that would be so much fun seeing our friend getting chased by a trex 🤣🤣🤣
cant stay true to the source material. its gonna be woke all round.
This young girl looks like a Ai character.
i'm getting a lot of "Alien isolation" vibes from this.
funny how they dont really see any dinosaurs in the park yet this one woman comes across all of them in a couple of minutes.
They just need to remake turok
This actually looks genuinely great. Almost like a modern version of JP Trespasser mixed with ideas from the Telltale game all combined with the basic formula of Alien: Isolation. Isn't it amazing what happens when you actually listen to your fandom community and actually give them something they've been asking for?
I hope they don’t miss the opportunity to make them speculated T-Rex sounds.
lessssssssssssssssss gopooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
That lingering shot on the cold storage door was a real nice touch!
Who ever canceled this game deserves jail time
It should be like the good old King Kong game but looks like it's a messed up crap probably even woke. 🤮
Trampling on the hat and race swaped character? The message couldn´t be more clear: DON`T BUY, smells like some Sweet Baby craped it´s diaper again.
Cant help but think that being left behind there wouldnt be the worst thing  to happen.  Lol, JP has always put off an overwhelming appeal for adventure. Especially when i was a kid.    I really hope this will be everything we want in a jp open World..  if the devs are real jp fans then it might just be perfect..
I think not putting it on Nintendo switch is a missed opportunity, because we don’t have that many good horror games on switch, but it’s understandable.
Just want to say to anyone excited for this: it looks like one of those games that have a great premise and fans wanted for years, but I'm afraid it's going to be a big disappointment.  1. This doesn't look high budget at all. Barely any gameplay, only CGI that was probably outsourced to other studio, and the little gameplay that is there is only premade animations of dinosaurs with no mechanics.  2. It is extremely reliant on nostalgia to sell itself, I mean c'mon, does she really have to trip on the same spoon the kids dropped in the movie? They recreate too many shots from the film instead of being creative, if the entire game is like that it's going to be boring. They even reused John Hammond's lines straight from the movie.  3. Let's be honest, Dinosaurs aren't Xenomorphs. Anyone expecting Alien: Isolation level of scares are setting themselves up for disappointment. Mechanically it's going to be very hard to justify scares, considering dinosaurs are animals and should act in a more natural way. They can't do crazy stuff like grab you from the ceiling, and they only hunt for food so why would they go through the trouble of hunting just this one skinny lady instead of a delicious triceratops.  I hope for this to be good, big fan of JP and even JW, but the signs are bad.
Oh dont worry guys they are making sure to cancel this one too haha😊
oh , you can play as mia khalifa :D
Imagine this in VR!
So is this cancelled ?
Imagine a game like this only online, bro! It would be incredible!
Didn’t this get cancelled
Looks great!! So far this looks better than Jurassic Park: The Game.
Lead character  an INDIAN  Now that cool!!!!!!!
Which company is making this? looks great
Reminds me of a dead by daylight type style but with a half life type jungle game
We are playing for Mia khalifa in jurassic world.I got it.
I NEED TO BUY THIS
0:31 why does that hand looks so realistic 😮
Sweet baby detected 😂.
We need a multiplayer game like this sort of like depth
JP is as much about tech as it is about dinosaurs. Hindsight is 20/20 but the story never should’ve left the 90s. The sophistication of the emerging tech/lack thereof was perfect for these stories, and the aesthetic lends itself to how out of place that stuff is in the natural world.
A female ⁉️😵‍💫
This is gonna be epic!  Read more…
More adventurous and best video from now Jurassic park whole movie I love old Jurassic park 3 movies ❤❤❤
Gostei do jogo Eu amo os filmes Jurassic park até do jogo❤
is it Multiplayer?
This is like that one Jurassic park game I liked
Ну в които веки! Догадались!!!
Raptor: did i miss something? ps.: i always knew that.
That looks so cool! 😍 But I would prefer if it would be possible to also play it in third person rather than first person 😢 if that would be possible the game would be perfect!
I hope that after this game release we get a sorna dlc
Great you got Mia Khalifa to do this.
I hope this game is like alien isolation
Why would you make the MC so ugly?
MORE FEMINIST CRAP
Wow, cool. Why isn't it on Steam for the wishlist ? :) Will Be for PC ?
I wonder if there will be some easter eggs from Jurassic Park The Game.
Or imagine this in VR
With how the anticipation is with the community already i coukd see them doing one on sorna with the hurricane. Escaping the raptors and spino would be an experience
Another diversity hire huh, looks like a woke game.
It's giving off major alien isolation vibes. I think it's gonna be a game alot of people look over but is gonna be pretty good
If this game is similar to ockwood, then this might be easily the scariest jurassic game other than ock Wood
Shut up and take my money Universal.
Do I really have to play as a Emo midwestern indian Tumblr/Twitter enthusiast.
Ahhh quick time events.... Didnt they do this with teltale
Maya Joshi was my grade 3 teacher's name. Let me know if she survived 🍿
Hard pass
Quando vai lança??
ome word: DINOSAURS.
I wish it was on VR also!
Jurassic Park with alien isolation characteristics is just a perfect blend for a video game.
Hello how can i join your discord server ? I want to join this game is so cool can i join ?
Is this gonna be open world?
Will there be a Spinosaur??
so the raptor didn’t die in the freezer. interesting
Kinda unimagitive really. It's almost shot by shot from movie, hope is+t's something more.
Seem just like alien isolation vibe
They're doing whatever they can to forget that last Jurassic Park survivor game that was abysmal.
You guys should make a F13th the game type game
Serious Dino Crisis vibes, Hell yea 😭🤙🏻
Bring back some dino crisis vibes.
She looks a bit young to be a doctor.
Please do not cancel this!
Could have destroyed Ark, if this was multiplayer. Driving a jeep, truck around, with a giant landscape, to offer, a giant adventure, as more to offer, than, just bases 5 mins away from each other, where everyone is free-for-all to kill one another, and not centred around dinosaurs, as, a collective PVE. Giant exploration isn't offered in Ark, it's just PVP, and the hundreds of hours necessary just to "survive". The car carries tremendous more incentive, than being so close to one another, it could be an adventure just in traversing; whether visiting others, surviving against them, and as, always...running away from Dinosaurs. It, would, be cool, if there was collective goal, to, setup a village, for all to stay safe, and have to, trade between each other, for a common goal; whether, some, want a new park, or, others want to hoard artifacts, that, are within territory of dinosaurs, that could offer, power among clans, or power to be a safety for all, or to enslave others, or... to help others; that it's all a risk, and the car is there, to, get in quick, and out alive, the adventure for running away, no matter your intentions. Artifacts collected, could, be used for selfish gains, like protecting only your self, from, dinosaurs; as they can be tamed, for, use of them to harm other players, or for the collective, to: tame them back for a new park. After, a new park, is settled, and the dinosaurs are rounded up, there could be a jungle, that always stays as a jungle, to keep collecting more new dinosaurs, to aid to the park. As, a proxy of a gate, that is either, locked, or unlocked, with a new battle waged, decided by players, after all is set, and settled, either by players who wanted to gain power over other players, or players that wanted safety as the collective for a new park, as the major carnivores are collected, before anything is settled, and after who has established a park, or not, that antagonist players, may open for chaos, to create a battle, with majority of artifacts they have seized, that may offer scent to offput predators, and it stays open for 24 hours a day; the next 24, is a new battle, and so, on, and so forth. Some players, if, behind the gate locked, have to settle a temporarily, to, stay alive, until they can reenter the park, either villainous or heroic.
Another ride on the woke train.
🔥🔥🔥
Bro she is the only one that survived that poison Dino ☠️☠️
Please tell me this will be an open world survival game (hopefully involving bases building and crafting like 7 days or Ark) where I can actually explore the island and classic movie locations...and ends with you escaping bit ending up on the island from Lost World
Please bring this to life for us gamers and fans
i hope you can choose between male and female
every time i watch jurassic park i think "i wish there was a alien isolation style game about it," and this looks like it
Oh yes finally an adventure in the original world! 🤓
I really  hope they won't cancel this game
Well just hope this game wouldn’t cancel
I seriously hope this game isn't canceled.
Awesome trailer, I LOVED IT! I CAN'T WAIT TO PLAY IT ON PS5 SOON!
DO NOT CANCEL THIS GAME
why not on switch???!!!!
The devs must be a Mia fan. 😂
Wow what a coincidence she ran into a kitchen and hid behind the same counter
BRUH ITS NOT AVAILABLE ON PS4 WHYYYYYYY
An Alien:Isolation style Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa. Sign me up!!
Well idk it's all cinematics and looks well out dated imo even more than I'd like to admit hope it gets better....not another starfield hype up 😮😢
Excellent. Is that malcoms daughter she looks like it
As someone who loved the original Jurassic park, I'm getting tired of these dated depictions of dinosaurs.  We know that velociraptors (or deinonychus) most likely had feathers and that T-rex looks a bit different than depicted in the original Jurassic Park, too (though adult T-rex likely didn't have feathers--or it had sparse, fine ones).
I've bien waiting flor this 65 million years !!!!!!!
Жду эту игру больше всего!  Всегда мечтал побегать в центре для посетителей
Ain't no way we're getting new JP game!
1000 dollars one of the characters is gay
I wish this was co-op
About mother******* time!!!!!
Wow guess Kamala Kahn gave up being a super hero to fight dinosaurs.
T Rex good
watch it get cancelled...
Why the dr looks like Mia Khalifa ?
Why not on ps4
My PS5 can't wait
The Dinosaurs I expected to look realistic of course. But the girl? She looks extremely real in details. I honestly thought for a second that was a prerecording of an actual women running, hiding and screaming. I honestly had to rewatch it a few times because I was not convinced it was computer graphics. This is some really amazing stuff here.
FINALLY
Yes!!!
Good
How about we put a man
I'm so excited, it really looks like the first movie! 🦕
¿Otro en primera persona? zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
1st person....nooooooooooooooo!!!😢😢
Please oh please don't let this game not get made🙏. We need it!
Make a Dlc or Sequel on Isla Sorna (I would pay ANYTHING!)
This is a such a good game! I cannot wait to try it. It's surely gonna be the best game in the Jp franchise.
Jurassic Park: Security Breach
I’m so happy I want to cry
Can’t wait!
0:46
Please, we need a Jurassic Park Horro Game. I loved this atmosphere.
any release dates?
I think this game is connected to the first movie. Which is really cool. I can't wait to play this game if it comes out I'm a huge Jurassic park fan. I can't wait to play this
I can't wait to play
I thought it was a real trailer
Is this canon? Please respond, i showed you my jp/jw collection
Am I the only one Who tought This was a movie at first
My only concern is playability and quality of life for a game like this. Will there be anything else to do after beating the game? Like exploring the island or doing side missions? Or will it be one of those games that look amazing graphics wise but they’re mostly like an interactive movie in the sense that it’s full of cutscenes and you don’t have a lot of choices as far as world interaction and gameplay? I really hope it’s not just another one of those games.
This game would be even better if you could have the option to customize every detail of the character you play as like Hogwarts Legacy. It would definitely make this game even more attractive and more money. Just the whipped cream on top.
I’m so glad this Jurassic Park game is also set in 1993 It would be great if you could free roam the island in free play and even travel to site B And even eventually have a Jurassic world DLC sometime after the release of this game to keep people engaged with and excited about the game
Adventures of Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park
Cant wait
Woman ✔️ Dark ✔️ Short hair ✔️
Muito empolgado.
I'll just go back to playing Trespasser
it’s def giving alien isolation i’m hyped for it
IF ThIS GAME DOSE NOT HAVE COMPYS I WILL BE MAD
🤯
Lame AF, Panderverse. It's a unattractive nerdy not white female for an audience of primarily the opposite. I was hoping this would be cool, not a political statement for DEI
Pas encore concaincu 😕
Literally the thing everyone has been wanting after the tragic failure of trespasser
People who are excited to play it and are going to buy it 👇
Did they replace the original cast members with a fake Luna lol
VR Game ?
When does it release
Mia Khalifa trapped in Jurassic park, ok.
theres only two things i need from this game for it to be perfect. 1, multiplayer. 2, a survival style gameplay like arc, the forest, minecraft etc but with dinosaurs
Female protagonist = cringe boring dialogue
Make film or webseries on Jurassic park survival
WHY IS IT IN 1ST PERSON
WE NEED SQUADS !! 🔥🔥🔥
So Camp Cretaceous but in Jurassic Park instead?
Hmmmmm...........
this girl is having a really, really rough day.... lol
i remember the old Sega JP where u can play as a dinosaur and dr. grant. after all these years we finally get a playable character in a modern action game in Jurassic Park. and although the telltale game and build simulators were neat, I've been wanting a genuine adventure/horror Jurassic park game. i cant wait to see more!
omgg Mia Khalifa
genial, espero este juego, siempre quise uno así.. seria bueno que pusieran un modo co-op igual
Guau Mía Khalifa 😂
Feels like a left 4 dead game. I'm in
Poor Krenautica. Universal effed him over so badly. The graphics may be nicer here, but he had a true vision!
i really wait for this kind of game😍😍(i am huge fan of Movie Jurassic park🔥🔥).
M I A  K H A L I F A
I always wanter to roam free in Isla Nublar Island. Now I can do that 😄😄
Please, if you name it „survival“, don‘t make it a uncharted with dinos. The franchise is MADE for a survival game. While story could be interesting to a degree, at least have a survival mode where it‘s survival. Don‘t name it survival and then make it a dull ABC story
Why does it have to be a Muslim
This is itttttt. Looks dope
this is what i wanted all along! I really hope it will not follow a pre set path but surprise you every time you start a game. This would be the best thing ever. Get dropped somewhere, orient yourself, find the docks. And dinos are always on different locations.
Really? An Indian girl as the main character? Can we stop with the gay woke BS please…
I actually thought it was real life when I saw the intro, It’s so realistic! Good job Jurassic World!
I'll pass on this for now. It's a well made trailer, but that's all it is. A trailer that has a decent amount of polish. I'm more looking forward to Jurassic Park Operations. I'll take a Muldoon themed character over playing as Mia Khalifa any day
Who is that voice actress? She sounds familiar?
Wow
I've been thinking why they haven't made a game like this for the last 2 weeks
mia khalifa?
Brilliant, been wanting a JP game like this since Alien Isolation
Am I the only one who just can’t tell if this is animated or not- 😅 I swear it’s so realistic 😹
Bro I just learned it's coming to PS5 let's go. Jurassic Park SURVIVAL 🏞️🎮
I know I’m late to the party with this but man does this look awesome.
This game reminds me of Alien isolation. Good
Finally! A Jurassic Park Operations sized official game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a lethal company style jurassic park game would be AMAZING
I thought Mia Khalifa could scream better than that?
I want to craft a fire in the middle of the night to get warm and light my surrounding and hear dinos walk around me until I cannot take it anymore and start running in one direction just to end up face to face with a giant t-rex and get shredded ☠️ ❤️
Is this Canon?
Big fan of jp
I don't remember Dr. Poopsinstreets being in the original.
Its like the whole "There were a few jedi survivors in star wars" thing, like geez how many people got left on jurassic park?
Of course, put a chick in it & make her gay! 🤦🏻‍♂️
Am I the only one who thinks that is is going to be a better experience than the Jurassic World movies? Especially the last two..
How the f*** did Mia, got there?!
But how are the flames on the gate still going?
If this is Trespasser (with less boobs) then I am sold
I can’t tell if this is going to be an action oriented game or if it’s going to feel more like a Jurassic Park skinned Resident Evil. I’m inclined to think it’s the latter, but I welcome either.
Alien Isolation vibes! I like it!
The humans are so realistic in this trailer  i can tell you put a lot of effort into this game ❤❤🦖
I hope we can use guns that are in the movie (just not with tons of ammo. We don’t want it to become just another FPS).
If this is anything like Alien Isolation then I’m gonna fk’n love it
This is *THE* Jurassic Park game we’ve been waiting for.  We’ve had some decent ones, but this one takes the cake.  Can’t wait to see how this ties into the lore of the Jurassic movie franchise.  🤔😀👍
More like Dr. Mae Khalifa has been left behind...
Is there a chance we’ll get a multiplayer mode?
You know I couldn’t tell if this was a movie or a game for a hot minute 😂
This game looks like the "Jurassic Park"/dinosaur game I've always wanted/wished for/been waiting for. FINALLY - after so many years - it's here! I can't believe it!  I just hope it's as good as it looks.
So is this "Survival" as in Subnautica, DayZ and Ark; wherein you can build a base and manage food, water, and health while avoiding danger, or is it just a story that you play through?
So this is what Mia Khalifa is doing after she retired from adult filmmaking. Lmao
OMG THE MUSIC GIVESBACK MY CHILDHOOD
HOLYSHIT! THIS WILL BRING ME BACK TO GAMING! 😍😍😍
Dino survivals poping off
Do we have to play as a female or can we choose our gender like in real life these days 😂😂😂😂😂
0:48 humm.. Mia Khalifa?
Mia Khalifa, é você?
Meh
Also love that they’re doing what Star Wars: Jedi Fallen Order did and try to replicate that John Williams sound to make it more authentic
Is there also a online gameplay?
So glad to see the branding go back to "Park" from "wOrLd"!
JURASSIC PARK SURVIVAL from 1993 Only for PlayStation 5
Bad news Alan Grant left his Hat
That velociraptor is haunted inside the kitchen freezer
ISLA NUBLAR IS HAUNTED DINOSAURS IN PRIMAL RAGE! OH NO!!
NO NO NO NO NO! THEY FORGOT HER MIRA JOSHI SHE IS IN TROUBLE AND DANGER! NO! SHE IS GONNA GET HERSELF KILLED!!
OH NO! They forgot HER The One Person is Her Dr Mira Joshi SHE IN TROUBLE in Isla Nublar! OH NO
Don't like the ugly girl, but whatever.
The game took place after the event of the first movie July 1993
It'll be so great once they mod that main character out and replace her with a man.
Lovd how they ripped off the guy who was making a game like this on dreams....trailer and all.... after threatening to sue
Mia Khalifa running from dinosaurs... I'd play that
Can they put it on ps4 and ps5
Wow this is amazing the realism is outstanding!
Is that Mia lhalifa
Jurassic Park Trespasser 2 it would seem
Jurassic park or alien isolation?
Она ещё не вышла??? И выйдет ли на ПК?
Finally
Jurassic Park: Survival, starring Mia Khalifa
This concept would be great if the JP/JW dinosaurs actually looked intimidating and not like plastic toys, but it could still be fun
oh boi this looks promising!
Jurassic Franchise bringing back it’s horror roots with a great game.
Main character looks like Mia Khalifa
Oh god this is insane! Wooow
I really hope this lives up to the hype and hope we as JP fans want because this looks so awesome
ONLY for ps5?? are you serious
Alien: Isolation with dinosaurs... I'm okay with this. The protagonist is cute.
This should be the plot for the next movie except with a male lead that's right I said it
OMG! Someone please tell me when this game comes out! I looked it up and they say that it's cancelled and I simply cannot understand why they would tease us with the trailer and then say it's cancelled a month later, this game looks too spectacular to not come out!
Meh
i dont need it, i dont need it, IIIIIIIII NEEEEEEEEEEEED ITTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When is the Release of this Game?????
finally a real and a good dino game. im gonna play it!!
In January 2024, it was announced that a new installment was officially in development. David Koepp will return as screenwriter while Frank Marshall and Patrick Crowley once again serve as producers. Steven Spielberg will serve as executive producer, with the project being seen as a joint-venture production between Amblin Entertainment and Universal. The untitled movie is scheduled for a July 2, 2025 release.
Please ad troodons from jurassic park the game
A first person horror adventure to submerge us in the world of the original movie. Why did this take so long?
Fun fact, Jurassic Park: Survival was actually a PS2-era game cancelled more than 20 years ago.
Dino Crisis Dino Crisis Dino Crisis Dino Crisis Dino Crisis Dino Crisis Dino REEEEEEEEE F U CAPCOM!!!! Reeeeeeeeee DINOOOOO CRISSSSSISSSSS!!!!!
She looks like mia khalifa
It won’t be on Nintendo switch 😭
Always loved games like these and dinosaurs really interest me. I want this so bad and I'm so thankful it's coming on pc but does anyone have a official release date?
mofos used mia khalifa lmao u aint slick
I ❤ 🦕
If this game does well and is fun, then I would love to see a VR port
Alien isolation with dinosaurs
❤❤❤
Fanservice the game. Hope its will be brilliant but never pre order
Faire interdire le fan game "Jurassic Park Operations", réalisé à but non lucratif et acec cœur sur le jeu Dreams (donc même pas un vrai jeu en soi mais un mod de Dreams !) par Krenautican qui a fait un boulot monstrueux et qualitatif tout seul pendant des années, tout ça pour nous sortir un clone de son travail qui sera très beau graphiquement mais cent fois plus buggé et qui coûtera une fortune, moi j'appelle ça du vol et du foutage de gueule. Et même si le jeu sera peut-être très bien fait, le principe reste honteux car c'est du vol d'idée et un manque de courage évident. Universal, vous êtes des mauviettes et des bâtards ! Mettez vous votre soit disant futur jeu là où je pense 😇
Amazin Trailer Amazing game amazing graphig holy cow this gona bee the game of year
Now I must buy the new Xbox series X!
No one gonna talk about how that look like Mia khalifa💀
I am beyond excited. To be teleported into my childhood fantasy island of dinosaurs that captivated me as a kid, and even into my adult years affects everything I enjoy as a hobby. To be inside that lobby, during the storm, the aftermath, when it was all still fresh from the disaster, playing it in the amazing quality of graphics we have today.. what a dream come true. Even keeping the survival/horror of the movies alive.. thank you. Sequel in spirit, hopefully.
Personalmente the lost wild, instinction y ferocius se me hacen mucho mas interesante, creo que esto sera otro clon de amnesia u outlast pero con dinosaurios
Do we get to create our own character or do we have to play as Mia Khalifa?
It would be cool if they used the John Hammond memoirs from Jurassic Park: Trespasser
We haven’t had a Jurassic Park survival game since 1996 when Jurassic Park: Trespasser came out. It’s been park builders and finally we’re getting what we’ve wanted and needed for decades
Dino Crises 😢❤
Hell yeah , another brown gurlll with a wop accent ... great 🤨
Please ADD TPP MODE
Cool👍😍
I hope it doesn't end up as FNAF: Security Breach of the JP/JW franchise.
Let's hope this project turns out to be good and foment more dinosaur related games. We all miss Dino Crisis from PS1
Why is the girl look like Mia Khalifa? Is this another market strategy to sell the game? :=)
This is what we want  The survival dinosaur game like a DinoCrisis
Starring: Mia Khalifa CGI
Mia Khalifa ♥
hmmm il try it
Mia Khalifa in jurassic park survivor
They should make the trex and raptor act like Mr X (RE 2R) and the xenomorph (Alien isolation) can’t kill them but can cause them to run. They just stalk you, especially the raptor.
I have to buy this game! Yes, i'm 50y old, but have to have this one. Hope it comes with a special bundle pack with a cinema poster or that type of collect things. I was 20y when the first movie came out, it was one of the best movies i had watched, and still has a nice spot in my heart.
How is the dilophosor alive. Did it escape from nedrys stomach?
I really hope we see Jurassic Park: The Game references!!!!
L for nintendo
mia halifa
member this part guys? oh wait, what about this part, member this part too?  diversity points +
Take all of my money
What is Mia Khalifa doing fighting dinosaurs? I thought she usually eats them
For us long-time JP fans, this is exactly what we needed to wash away the bad aftertaste the JW trilogy left in our mouths 🤢 It also reminds me a lot of Alien: Isolation which just makes me even more excited 👍
This is a horror game please tell me
Wow wow this game grafics is better than instintion game
AYO WE NEED A MOVIE LIKE THIS DIRECTLY TIED TO EVENTS AFTER THEY LEAVE THE ISLAND
This actually looks genuinely great. Almost like a modern version of JP Trespasser mixed with ideas from the Telltale game all combined with the basic formula of Alien: Isolation. Isn't it amazing what happens when you actually listen to your fandom community and actually give them something they've been asking for?
Trop hate ❤
SO SOO EXCITED
Mia Kahalifa? Cool!
This game looks dope and im excited. This is what we wanted. Alien isolation with dinos...  My only question is: why is the character Mia Khalifa??
The game looks amazing can't wait
This is the biggest piece of dogshit
Why women?
Presentation of Dr Maya Joshi and her mangalsutra, took my heart.
I WANT IT! GIVE IT TO ME
she could camouflage better in the mud ig
Welcome to jurassic poop 💩
Make subtitle and voice over in  tamil in settings 😐
I hope they come out with more Survival games... The Lost World Jurassic Park Survival, you play as one of the mercenaries left behind. You need to survive until the boat brings the Buck Tyrannosaur back to Sorna and you can escape on the boat. Sorna Survivor. You play as Eric Kirby during his 8 weeks alone. Jurassic World Survival. You play as one of the guests stranded in the north of the park as the Indominus is rampaging.
Who is the developers of this new game?
Holy cow! And then, Totol DOOM killed all the dinos, 😮https://youtu.be/65BUJTC61d8?si=TScVHE2SGqyRELHL
You know how long I’ve been waiting for an open world Jurassic park game, take my money
Yo dr maya joshi kinda looks like dr mae turner from  jw camp cretaceous
I've been asking for Alien: Isolation with dinosaurs for YEARS.
Great❤
Did someone say Dino crisis 2
okay, this is a small nitpick, but why is this trailer so garbage?? it's so weird for whatever story is being planned here for the supposed character we'll be playing as to be terrified of the dilophosaur, but goes on to stand firm when faced against a rex... yeah i'm not on board with the trailer...
I hope the game's style will be closer to Alien Isolation than an action adventure game.
I want JP Survival VR 😊
Reminds me of Alien Isolation.
I stopped playing video games back before PlayStation 2 existed.....  Watching this makes me want to Play video games again
the graphics look already stunning and photo realistic!
There's finally a reason for me to upgrade to a PS5.
She looks like jeff Goldblum 😁
Yes.
Are you MIA KHALIFA ?
I hope Capcom sees this for a new Dino Crisis
This looked amazing until I saw it's first person. 😭
O look another "Western" Game with a stock lesbian racially ambiguous girl boss, that looks like man. *Waves Finger* PASS!
Is it just me or dosen't she looks alot like Mia Khalifa? Those who know, knows. Cool game tho !
Goddamn dilophosaurs i hate them acid spitting menaces
Top game for me this year
Why they forcing all the female empowerment on this franchise
Esse é o jogo que tem na serie da Netflix?
Yay, girl boss.🙄
The dinosaur won't ever know what gender to eat anymore!
Putting aside the fact dinosaurs are a hoax created by freemasons to hide the existence of GOD, this looks good
I been waiting for a game like this
dino crisis ❤
Could never have imagined playing Mia Khalifa
if its Vr that is dope af
Can i change the character? I dont want to be a stupid dumb female
yeah I'm def pre odering this
bout time lol wonder when this game comes out
I didnt know Mia Khalifa did video games now
Thank god its coming to PC
i don't like Jurassic park games but looking at this im try to get into it
Im 100% there for this game
Is it just me but are the short clips of the gameplay towards the end fairly less quality than the reveal footage? A little too much of a difference.
MY DREAM COME TRUE OUT OF ALL JPARK GAMES! PLEASE LET IT GO TO SWITCH!
When is release that is the question
I FREAKING NEED HIM, THIS IS WGAT JURASSIC PARK NEEDED, NO ACTION, NO DINOSAUR FIGHTS. Needed FREAKING TERROR AND THRILLER, I WANT THIS GAME AHHHH
I Swear there is a another Trailer like Poppy Playtime
WHY THE HELL IS MIA KHALIFA DOING HERE ?!!!
WOW ! 🫡
is that Mia Khalifa?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Give us a full size Dilophosaurus! It's the perfect opportunity!
lets hope this is the trespasser we all wanted all those years ago
The only thing i noticed is the raptor design looks more jurassic world than jurassic park
A Jurassic park game starring Mia Khalifa
P E R F E C T I O N wait this would mean in game we could see parts of the park we’ve never seen!!!
Growing up in Florida and going to universal for breaks and long weekends has really got my nostalgia sensors working over time with the Jurassic park theme, so excited
Yo what's mia khalifa doing in Jurassic park😂
Amo esse filme ❤❤❤😊😊
Finally, this is what I wanted when TT announced their PTC JP game
Looks terrible
Staring Mia Kalifa. These graphics are bangin.
It's kinda funny how she bolts from the dilophosaurus, but then she's all brave facing off with the T-rex
YES
Dev Console: *sv_cheats 1* —-> *noclip*  Ingame Player Model: *Sees Only Arms and Legs for Animation* 💀
Yes finally!!! Jurassic Park is soo much better than World
Finally I can test if I can survive Jurassic Park
Great time for First Person games with this and Indiana Jones coming out 🔥
She looks like the definition of a woke warrior.   No thanks.
How tf is this so realistic!?
So we would be playing as Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park? I'm in...
This game will be my favourite one ❤
Why is it in first person with such amazing graphics
Mia Khalifa looks good
FINALLY
It's also for mobile 😢😢😢😢😢😢
YES I WAITED FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
Love the fact Mia Khalifa is the main character
you don´t know how much i´ve been waiting for a jurassic park game like this
Alien Isolation did it right. Now Jurassic park :D
Another single player game 😭 why cant people make co-op mission based games anymore...   And this will die as fast as Hogwarts Legacy...
Weird choice picking Mia Khalifa as the main character.
When does this come out
Spiritual sequel to Jurassic Park Trespasser? Yessssssssss
Did anyone here play the telltale JP?
Y qué carajo hace ahí mía califa
On rails nonsense is not my cup of tea but I hope it does well because we need good Jurassic Park media
make multiplayer mode too
Please dont be a game  Like outlast. That would be to boring for jurassic park
usen mas de la novela plzzzzzz
Please let us find Dennis and the can of embryos that would be amazing
Lol why is the main character of this Jurassic Park survival game straight out of a university pamphlet from 2018?
At least make it 2 player co op
I got to admit, when we first saw Rexy back from the first movie of 1993, she was a powerful and young predator where she was fearless, bold, powerful and domineering. Even though in Jurassic World (27 years old by 2015) to Dominion, she was in her elderly years at the age of 34 (2022), she still is the brazen, relentless and very vigorous Queen of Nublar we all love, know and admire.  We watched her launching at the Indominus Rex and Giganotosaurus without hesitation nor reluctance. Even though she was overpowered and almost killed, she never stopped fighting, never held back and never backed down (with the unintentionally aid of of their dinosaurs) until her dangerous and powerfully young competition were finished off.  Now with this new game of Survival coming up, we get to go back in time, back to 1993 to when the Isla Nublar incident was still on. When our great and formidable Queen was in her prime; we get to see her hold the unchallenged status of apex predator and her having the entire island as her Kingdom without any other giant carnivores to be a threat to her rule and her undisputed power. With her patrolling her domain of checking for any unlucky human that’s left behind on the (HER) island (and domain) and dispose of them, she’ll pose a serious and fearsomely awesome threat to the young Dr.
this looks great, minus playing as a DEI tw@t
Mia
Shouldn't the T-rex be taller? Wth she's almost half it's size. Oh no, I hope they ruin it... how in the world do you get that part wrong. Look at the movie and back at the game and you'll see a major difference. Dang...
Jurassic Park 1 & 2 scenes mesh together = Jurassic Park 3 🎉🎉🎉
Jurassic Park + Alien Isolation? HELL YES!!!! WAS ABOUT TIME!!  Though I gotta say that first part feels kind of goofy
I hope the developers are able to make this as authentic and immersive as Alien Isolation.
so Mia K was in Isla Nublar? 🤪
Is it me or the girl looks like Mia Khalifa? 😅
I can’t wait to play this! ❤❤❤
Lara Croft went way to far
I hope this game is good. I usually dont like games like this but jp i can get behind
When will it release
Wow the graphics are insane 😮😮😮
Герой как-то странно двигается
would love the game, but like every other story base game no male protagonist, so naw
I really hope that the vision of Trespasser will be fully realised in this game. (I'm still down for a trespasser vr remake since the og game  had some mechanics that are found now in vr games)
it is just funny how terrified she was after seeing the Dilophosaurus but had a brave face when up against the T-rex
Does anyone else think the main character looks like Mia Khalifa?
Mia Khalifa has come a long way since getting out of the adult entertainment industry. Good luck in her first motion capture gig.
Jurassic Isolation 2
YES!!! YEEEEESSS!! 😍😍❤❤⭐⭐
character looks like Mia Khalifa pre implants lmao
Looks fun, though it makes me want a remastered Dino Crisis more.
First “the lost wild” and now this :0  2 dino/ Jurassic park games -3- this will be a great year
Starring Mia Khalifa.
I like how the Raptors were not shown only heard at the end
The dilophosaurus does not spit venom and does not have that neck feature like frilled lizard. And why o why does she have her lantern on?
This is what I've dreamed of since Dino Crisis
Wut the girl have the face of Mia Kalifa
Why just PS5? Why not PS4?
omg, just do it fast
Please did capcom RE approach
Will this be a PC or VR game?
Yes man !!!!!
So raptor that Lex and Tim locked freezer got out
Oh great I can't wait to become a strong independent wahmen of inferior color!  NOT.
Is this a porn game? why is Mia Khalifa here?
Take my money!!
AND THE VELOSORAPTER IS OUT OF THE FREEZER! THE BIG ONE
I'd climb a tree..
A spunky lady scientist as the protagonist?  Dude, she's going to be fine.  The JP series is only a threat to greedy business dudes or evil mercenary dudes nowadays.
Release date please.
Can you guys for once make it multiplayer
Hopes we see Alan Grant coming back just to retrieve his hat after 27 years 💀
must be fake ? thats Khalifa
erh so Mia khalifa is the main char ?
Oh no the protagonist is a diversity hire 😢
It’s like Rexy was saying to her “You can run but you can’t hide!”
Of course the main character is a chick
I love women, but i dont like playing as one..
i'm praying they don't screw this up
Scary.
So you're just gonna dis sony and not add it to playstation?
I am super pumped for this!!! I was just talking with someone the other day about the Sega game I had in the 90s. And boom someone tells me this was coming out yesssssss❤❤❤
Strong, diverse, independant women don't run from dinosaurs. So unrealistic, will not be playing until you put some respect on your main characters name.
I’m kinda wondering if they’ll have hidden dinosaurs like troodon from the telltale games
Fingers crossed.
ANOTHER MOVIE?
Вот так игра! Жду выхода!
Ну если играть за бабу только можно тогда скачаю с торрента. Могли бы уже и возможность выбора персонажа добавить, 24й год на улице. А они всё ещё баб, негров и геев продвигают, как-будто кто-то из них является основной игровой нишей.
Jurassic Ark.
Am I the only one who thinks the girl looks like MIA KHALIFA🤔🤔???
I would like the that the game it's connected to the PS3 one in the canon of history, but in the rest looks amazing
Apresentando todos os fãs brasileiros estou muito animado!!!!!
Yes!! Oh my gosh yes!!! I am gonna love this if it's anything like Alien Isolation!
Was great... until I saw the protagonist, Generic Strang Woumen #451
I just hope that when this game is released it won't be forgotten by the internet, because as everyone knows, GTA 6 will arrive in 2025, and it will be a rage on the internet, and everyone will buy the new consoles just to play GTA 6 in 2025.  So, if Universal wants to make millions from Jurassic Park Survival, they're going to have to do some serious marketing.
voice of lara croft?
Que paso con Jurassic park buider?
makes sense now why they shut down that free game coming to dreams. that t rex escape sequence from that looks way creepier than anything shown here but this still looks like it has the potential to be good
This is the game I been waiting for
we need to Dino crisis in remake
Ok,this 2 minutes is more fantastic ten jurassic world franchise (No jokking)
So hyped by this you have no idea!!
Can't tell if the trailer is live action or rendered
I love Mia khalifa ❤😂
Lets just hope they do it the right way and take their time and don't release a unfinished bugfest.
Hopefully it's free roam.
I'll buy your game as long as you don't stomp on other fan-made games which, and let's be honest, kept the excitement alive until now. Screw you if you decide to go down the dark path.  There is plenty of room for fan-made content. So...unless you want to impact your sales, I suggest you back off from persecuting the people that kept the dream alive.
Ps5.....😔
It's been a long time since I felt excited for a game... It looks really cool, except that the character from some angles looks like a hamster. I wonder if this isn't on purpose
Klayton Fiorti made a great video talking about this trailer. I think its great they're putting more horror influences in JP. I can easily see this being a story about being trapped on the island with the escaped dinosaurs, plus maybe also evading Ingen soldiers recovering lost assets.
Mia Khalifa?
This looks so good,  but when I google for it I see that this game is canceled as it was set to be released in November 2001
A game worth waiting for. Jurassic Park is not just a series its an emotion.
Horror + JP ❤
Omg this is going to be so cool
Deathground VS Jurassic Park Survival, who is going to be better?
Good to see Mia Khalifa is taking up better work🤘
If they include the troodons, they can take my money
It needs guns does it have guns and it should have a multiplayer coop
Hopefully you don't have to play as this woman.
This reminds me of bendy nyoom the ink machine
Best looking cutscene 😳   Oh man this looks crazyy
Is this coming to PC?
omg
So glad it’s Jurassic Park and not Jurassic World!
Jurassci Park and Mia Khalifa...what all people wants!!
VFX, Animation,Cgi is outstanding ✅💯👑❤️. We want this type of Jurassic Park animated Series 💯✅. Please make this type Jurassic Park animated Series 💯✅
I wonder what happened to the baby velociraptor, I hope this game can explain what happened?
Vr2
I would love it if they made a Jurassic park tv show. Perhaps day in the life of the workers before the events of JP, and then eventually leading up to the events. Maybe a few workers get left behind and stuck there, and it shows what they have to do to survive.
I have only PS4 😢
Couldn't have thought up any original scenes so just borrowed everything from the movie?
Why is Mia Khalifa running from dinosaurs?
A woman of color. Woke.
Can I play as a male?
Yessss!!!!!! Finally!
I thought she's Mia khalifa
Is it co-op?
Gráfico tá mais realista do que o do gta 6
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
jurassic woke
Mia khalifa
Maya joshi? More like mia joshi
This is Jurassic made by scout cawton
Is this game going to be cannon, or is it going to be like Jurassic park the Game?
Im gonna say what everyone was thinking…. MIA KHALIFA was BORN to sexy cosplay this main character. 😂
Woke Park
put a chick in it and make her lame and gay
¡Lo mejor que me ha pasado en mi vidaa! Siempre quise un juego así.
Please let the Alien Isolation inspiration be strong here 🙏
Isn’t maya the doctor from the beginning of the novel who treated the raptor victim
Already looking great this game! But.... it would be even better if they also give us the Troodons from Telltale's Jurassic Park: The game. Those things were -SCARY- .
Jurassic Park + Mia Khalifa 😍😍
Please let this just be Alien Isolation but 1993 Jurassic Park themed!
I haven't seen this movie of Mia Khalifa before (and i've seen them all!)
Call the national guard, miss kalifa is in the  nublar island, repeat miss kalifa is in the nublar island
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
😍😍😍😍😍😍
it's a game 😂 I'm thinking that a new movie trailer?
MY HYPE IT'S OVER 9000000000000000000000000000000000000 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
A Jurassic game in the same spirit as Alien Isolation would be dope
oh my god 😍😍😍😍😍
Looks like a indian version 😂
This is awesome! And there are more dino survival games coming such as instinction the lost wild etc. It's an amazing time for us fans of Dino games
Man this would be amazing if they made it VR
Wreaks of corporate fan service, much more excited for Instinction
Can't express enough how good it is to see "jurassic park" instead of "jurassic world" for a change.
Everything is amzing, we were waiting this for years, but, can you make it for PS4 because there are some people, like me, that want it but can't buy PS5. If you can, please do it also for PS4🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
What is Mia Khalifa doing in Jurassic Park?
God, how good the cinematic trailer is . If someone made a big-budget horror movie about dinosaurs in the same vein, I would be delighted .
Cant wait to play mia khalifa in Jurassic Park lol
Dino Crisis but in Jurassic Park? Sounds great!🎉
This better be coop
And they added Mia Khalifa 😭😭 how can this game get any better?
Скорее дайте нам это🎉
If you think about it the TellTale Jurassic park Game is not cannon to the main story cause dodson found the canisster in the jurassic world netflix series
AND THEYRE STILL NOT FIXING THE DILO   game looks cool anyways
Finally a Jurassic Park horror game when I read the book I saw how terrifying this universe wants to be and finally an adaptation to this will be beautiful
0:16 They used the stampede soundscape created by AlexTriceratops123!  Other than that, I’m really hyped about this game! Hope we get to hear more of Richard Attenborough's archive audio.
Ojala sea una joya tipo alien isolation ❤
This would give CAPCOM the opportunity to remake Dino Crisis!
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY !!!
Lesssgo mia
Mia kahlifa?
1:16 😂😂😂
Entendi esa referencia jajaj
As a fan of Jurassic Park and Alien Isolation, this is exactly the game I've been waiting for!
логика трейлера максимально тупая. Прятаться на кухне с ВКЛЮЧЕННЫМ фонариком. И когда попытаться убежать и упасть вспомнить БЛЯТЬ чтоб у тебя ВКЛЮЧЕН фонарик. Сука ну как там можно то? или динозавры тупые? мерцания не видят фонаря? там же вот просто куча метала, что нить бы бликнуло и привлекло бы внимание динозавра. В остальном, ну пока хрен поймешь что будет. Трейлер как трейлер.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkjiMmJnCEM
I hope this game will be just like the movie. That is, a combination of tense and scary moments and fascinating ones. It would also be much better if music from the movie was played in the background during these moments (or the game's own JP style music).
I hope there’s a story mode and multiplayer open world that would be the perfect game
Damm I have high expectations with this hope it will run in lower spec pc
Um . . . Yes
Too bad the protagonist sucks
This is just going to be Temple Run.
I hope to god I don't have to play as this protagonist.
Графика вообще огонь
When does this come out
eu vou jogar esse jogo com certeza.
Is it me, or does the lead look strangely like a 'subdued' version of Mia Khalifa?
Oh look it’s Mia Khalifa
Thanks a lot
Wonder if it will come to switch?
Ah yes, nothing gets me more excited for a game than zero footage of the actual game.
Half the trailer I thought this was a movie announcement.
Mc looks weird, hope the game is good tho
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park !!! Thank God for this Moment ! Epic !!
I need this game! I NEED THIS F.CKING GAME!
I get major chills when the T-Rex roars along with the theme song
JP fans and gamers for 20 years : "God, I would definitly pay for a JP game like Trespasser !"  Owners of the JP lisense : "Let's make Tycoon-like JP games and card games !"   Jokes apart, I hope some dinosaurs will be like the xenomorph in Alien Isolation : randomly hanging around so that you can't predict when you will be attacked.
Here’s hoping it’s like alien isolation
Hoping it’s similar to trespasser. That game was so good
I always wanted to play as my favorite porn actress within my favorite movie franchise. Great collab. Cant wait for Mia × Jurassic Park
Sick!!
Mia Khalifa?
A good indicator that this game will suck is they didn't have even one original thought throughout the trailer. Its just wreaks of low ambition and laziness. Dont get your hopes up for this one.
All to make you forget there's already a fan made horror game.
That raptor kitchen scene is going to be tenseeeeee to play.
omg
Shut up and take my money!!
❤
I wonder how the raptor got out
Puedes ser dinosaurio y comerte a la gente?, esa tía es tan torpe que me cae mal🦖
GAMEPLAY FOOTAGE IS VERRY BAD
Why couldn’t they just use the original characters ffs
I hope this is co-op
''Put a chick in it, make her lame and gay!''
Abandoned on Isla Nublar/Sorna? Woooow I've never seen that concept before... *Cough Tresspaser *Cough Jurassic Park Telltale Game *Cough Camp Cretaceous...
Genuinely can't wait for this. I also wouldn't mind a first person, you're a handler and keeper, zoo simulator for Jurassic Park/World. I know how it ends and I would still sign up right this second to work at Jurassic Park if it came out they were looking for employees for a new park IRL.
Por favor que se haga realidad ♥
"white male" not found. Another game to pander to a non-existing player base, soooo nice.
Mia Khalifa trying to escape from Isla Nublar? Take my money right now!
Shut up and take my money!
Mia🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I hope this will be in VR as well.
is it my eyes or does she look like Ian Malcolm 🤣
NO MULTIPLAYER?!
It’s about time. Trespasser was waaaay ahead of is time and Jurassic Park is a fit for horror.
Please can you give us the spino please it has been 22years
woke characters are ruining games!
It is better titled Dino Crisis Survival😅
"Put a chick in it and make her gay!"
F I N A L L Y !!!!
Jurassic Park Operations could have co-existed with this game. Selfish of Universal to cease and desist that game.
the graphics is insane
VR Support would be very great!
Lets all contribute to make this game a full success by release and to make a clear statement that Dino survival games are more than welcome
You made an entire trailer that is nothing but member berries, and it's still not very interesting. I'll just rewatch the movie instead.
How did the velociraptor get out of the freezer?!
Step into the Panderverse!
Estara para la pystation 4?  Octavio Ayala
2:07 it wasn’t lock up by the kids?
Mondays be like
Always wanted a Jurrasic Park game that did something similar to Alien Isolation. Hope this is it!
Now I have to buy an Xbox I've been waiting for an excuse. This looks amazing 🤩🦖
Wait is the Main Protagonist 'Mia Khalifa' & are we playing as 'Mia Khalifa' in this game?????
Basically Jurassic Park Trespasser but done better?
Please let this be Isla Nublar Isolation 😂😂😂😂
Put a chick in it and make her gay!
Forget the Lost World we should’ve gotten this in 97!
Wow wow 😮😮😮
OMG FINALLLLY A JURASSIC PARK GAME THAT LOOKS AMAZING!!!
I grew up with this movie as a child. I must've seen this movie a literal thousand times and I still watch it often at the age of 30. I don't think this is gonna be good (personal hunch) but I hope I'm wrong. They better not screw this up!
Yes yes yes keep it up
Let’s go I have been waiting so long for an actual Jurassic Park horror adventure game, looks phenomenal 🔥
My favorite childhood film gone woke!
Nope no more nightmares please😢😢
Spoiler alert lads The Big 1 is still alive!!!!
Is that Mia Khalifa
I thought that was Mia Khalifa
When I saw it’s available on Xbox I was like YEAH BOY I LOVE the Jurassic franchise and I’ve loved it since I was 3 and now I’m 11 still love it I am really good at drawing Rexy
Is that Mia Khalifa ??
What an amazing remake of Dino Crisis
So it’s woke Jurassic park? Typical liberal inserting women where they don’t belong.
0:47    Mia Khalifa ??? 😏😏😏😏
I prefer 3rd person for this game
Whoa! Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa! 😂
Wonder if this is going to be multiplayer.
1:19 ☠️°°°🦖⛈️ 🎮: I hope they add my favorite poisonous Dinosaur, as a full grown Dilophosaurus Novel!?
Just make this a VR!
Omg.
I can’t wait for this
This girl looks a lot like Dr. Ian Malcolm
I thought it was Mia Khalifa
Welcome back to Jurassic Park
I waited too long for this game
would of preferred an actual survival game in the jp universe...
They’re copying the movie to the tee. I wouldn’t put too much hope in this one, they’re banking on nostalgia.
Launch for Xbox one pls
Finally. I never got a chance to play the ps3 game. Cannot wait to play this. Also, how many more invitations and hints do Capcom need to bring back and remake Dino Crisis?
The main character looks like she spends 13hrs a day on Tumblr and thinks forks are a sign of colonialism.
Aí sim! Só não pode custar 300 reais
#Memberberries - that cinematic was unoriginal and just there so people could go "Do the thing, do the thing! It's the thiiing!". I bet the producers, marketing and investors loved it.
Please be good. This is the kind of game that would fulfil a childhood wish, so I'm expecting it to be terrible on that basis but I really hope it's decent.
Cool  cant wait to play as Mia Khalifa
I thought this is a movie trailer
Cool you’re a chick…
Finally our hopes come true. THX to the devs! Just one big wish of all us dont release it unpolished! And make a good story just like in JP the game. Pls consider also the possibility to make some weapons from resources of the environment like an axe or speer or to use fire and make traps that would be logical and  would show a realistic survival instinct. We are all excited about this! Defenetliy A day one  buy after release. Also Consider a JP3 like continuation  of the franchise all the best for all of us!
After millions of horror games that have come and gone, Dinosaurs never cease to be outdated.
Cake
Fake
This looks cool but after Jurassic park the Game I’m worried this is just going to be a anther awful button sequence games those are only fun as side quests not the main game the whole game
i watch too much norp 😂 she looks like mia khalifa
This is what we wanted
ARK: Survival Evolved is crying rn
I thought it was a movie 💀
I am incredibly hyped for this game but what I really wanna know is how the one raptor got out of the freezer, cause that freezer was locked by lex, like with a key if I remember correctly, and the only things that could unlock it is a person, and I don't think the protagonist would have opened it cause the raptor would have attacked her before she could run away due to her being close, so how'd it get out? Did someone else open the door? I am very excited to find out
The trailer would have been great if Dr. Joshi didn't copy every scene from the original movie.  Came across as weird....like, alternate reality weird.
I am absolutely pumped up for this game!! But my question is why does the main character look like Mia Khalifa?🤣🤣
No one going to mention the freaking DILO like seriously the things screen accurate and in an actual survival game!
now how did mia khalifa get left behind in Isla Nubla
Of course it would be a female lead. 👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨
So it’s a Mia Khalifa survival horror game?
Jurassic Park featuring mia khalifa. Was this game made by AI 😂
This looks really good. I kind of wish they would make a JP game that's just a RPG
So this is satire, right - just them making fun of rebooting the original by having this chick go through the different highlight moments?
When will be the release ??? Any idea ??
Farah from MW got left behind😁👍🏾
I must be broken if I think the character looks like Mia Khalifa
Can we Play it with Friends ?
If it’s gonna be one of those shitty tell tale games just let us know now so we can avoid it
The game looks great but i really didn't understand the need for make Mia Khalifa the protagonist
Excellent Take my Money..
that things, arent dinosaurs
I undoubtedly would die many horrific deaths in this game.
Finally we get to see what happened to the raptor in the kitchen!
Please don’t be third person or just be based on the movies please of please don’t just use the movies for source material, daddy needs to see some original novel action  Edit: was watching and stopped half way through because I thought the voice actor was cringe. She’s still cringe BUT I’d rather her in my ear than some dude anyways the animation was clunky BUT when it showed gameplay it became infinitely better. Happy it isn’t Third person. The games atmosphere looks great, again I still hope for more book based source material
Well, after seeing this announcement trailer, I definitely prefer Jurassic Park: Survival over Jurassic Park: The Game that was developed and published by Telltale Games and released for PlayStation 3, Macintosh, Microsoft Windows, and Xbox 360 on November 15, 2011.  I read on Wikipedia that Jurassic Park: Survival was intended to be developed by Savage Entertainment, published by Konami, and released for PlayStation 2, Xbox, Microsoft Windows, and GameCube on November 14, 2001, but it was canceled because Universal was dissatisfied with the game's progress, including its poor animations, and Savage Entertainment confirmed on November 5th that they were no longer working on the game due to conflicts of Vivendi-Universal not providing funding to Savage Entertainment.  I'm glad that Jurassic Park: Survival has finally been picked back up after two decades.  It's too bad that it won't be released for PlayStation 4 and if it had, I would definitely get it.  If getting a PlayStation 5 console is the only way to get Jurassic Park: Survival, then I'll go along with it.
Awesome!!! The Easter Eggs, the details, this will be a great Game!!!!!
Trespasser 2?
This game would be epic if there is randomness in appearance of dinosaurs that means in their AI.
Cant wait for this ! The best game in my opinion is Operation Genesis for the PS2
kinda worried that Saber is involved in this after they botched Dakar Desert Rally
Until last moment I thought it was movie but at the end it's a game 😮😮😅😊
put a chick in it and make her gay
I hope we can choose to be the classic characters, who is this? this is like a netflix adaptation meme 🤔
Mia khalifa + Jurassic Park 😅😅😅
Looks like woke trash
New dino crisis looks pretty good
Nice to see Mia Khalifa in the game!
Will we ever get a male main character again? We gotta stop worshipping women
Who else took far too long to figure out this was a video game? 🙋🏻‍♂️
Let’s just copy the movie and don’t make anything original lol
THIS LOOKS AMAZING!!! I'm getting nostalgia just watching this. I always wanted to play a Jurassic Park game in a horror game survival perspective and now we're FINALLY getting it.
Main character looks 🤮
Pure nostalgia manipulation.
🤯
Another woke disappointment.
I loved all the references to the first movie. I also did wonder if that raptor had survived in that freezer the whole time since its so cold. Got my answer in the end.
Я ЧЕТО НЕ ПОНЯЛ ЭТО ЧТО ТРЕЙЛЕР ФИЛЬМА ИЛИ НОВОЙ ИГРЫ УЖ БОЛЬНО ГРАФИКА РЕАЛИСТИЧНО ВЫГЛЯДИТ КАК В КИНО😎😎😎😎
I though this was movie 😮
Mia Khalifa main character on this one?
I am waiting
Waiting for survival adventure💯💥😍🔥🔥
Mia is that u 😂
Is the mc indian?
Please don't suck.
ive been saying for years, this is the exact entry this franchise needed. please do it well.
You know I wana have hope in this game and that it was done for the right reasons. But when you send a cease and desist letter to people tryna make this game on their own, I have to question if you really are trying to make a quality game.. I don’t trust these guys
I wish it came out for mobile too! I used to play Ark on my phone.
We’ll see. I remain skeptical.
Looks like an updated version of JP: Trespasser!
The girl is like a combination of the original three protagonists
The movies need to give these vibes.
You play as Mia Khalifa ?! Nice...
Well I just tried the crappy app where you’re a goat and it’s unplayable!
This looks amazing! I love how they highlighted the freezer in the kitchen seeing how we all know what was in there! 😜
Wow. Can I play as a ….dun dun dun…white male???
They can't think of anything new can they?
Put a diverse woman in it, make her gay!
Hope this don’t get last minute shutdown like other amazing projects in the past. We all can use some JP horror.
Looks amazing!
1:44 If only she had high heels, you just know she could have outran that T-Rex.
Given the current state of gaming. Please please please if it’s one thing that needs to be successful, let it be this 🙏
Why has this taken so long!?!? I have been dying for this game to come out!!
Let's see some more gameplay. Fingers crossed 🤞
Tell me why I teared up at seeing Alan Grant’s hat & the music 🤦🏻‍♀️😂
For those who don’t know, the cold storage room is featured at the end because in the book Tim Murphy traps one of the velociraptors inside while trying to save Lex Murphy who is hiding nearby. I highly suggest reading the book before playing the game!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been waiting for this for YEARS!
Dino Crisis vibes
I don't know what it is, but it's got Ark to compete with.
Why didn’t she just choke the dilophosaurus
Finalmente um jogo bom de Jurassic park?😅
Is there a character creation tool
I hope you can choose to be someone else than the girl in the Trailer beacous i dont really like her design
YWAHHH
This is what I've looked for years
This is a miracle; sometimes, companies make things right (RE2-3-4 remake,Mafia remake and now this)
Reminds me of the Jurassic park game I had on ps1 as a kid
I hope that the protagonist will eat by Rexy at the final level 🙏.
Can wait to play this one
please don't make it fpv alone🙂
The trailer looks awesome but the gameplay... I don't have so high expectations about it.
Her last words were "spit in my mouth"
Looks awesome. But if I could ask Universal Studios directly I’d ask: How much of this was inspired by the shut-downed “Jurassic Park Operations” game concept?
I didn’t know mia khalifa was starring 😂
If this isn’t multiplayer then they dropped the ball
Wouldn't it be sick if part of the Survival is getting to play as the raptor freed from the cold storage?
This is my version of GTA 6
never buying another saber game after what they did with evil dead
I am always amazed by Dinosaur games. Especially when T-Rex shows up. I remember when I was a kid playing Dino Crisis. Man, my heart!
Hope they give a really good reason why she was left behind and what she was doing the whole time during movie you know when everything was falling apart also don't forget that they restore system security back when they left the island
I hope this will be Resident Evil with dino’s
This is what abandoned jurassic park looks like reason why its abandoned cuz the dinosaurs are treated so badly like the raptors😢
The thing that saddens me most is that it is not for mobile 😢😭
Bravo they have done it! Amazing & Visually Perfect! This is very likely going to cure our itch from Trespasser,which while unfinished, allowed us to experience the absolute terror and thrill surviving on an island with these cloned dinosaurs. ( Hopefully they add guns ) And a health bar on the "chest".
Instant buy
Huh so that’s what happened to the Ice Raptor
Why does the character look nothing like original 🤔
🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦕🦕🦕🦕🦕🦕🦕🦕👌👌👌👌👌👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍👍❤️💚❤️💚
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍❤️💚
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏❤️💚
👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌❤️💚
First i thought she is Mia Khalifa
What happens when they say they've gotten everyone out and you're the one left behind.
Gives me the same vibe as the king kong game back on ps2
Mia Khalifa is an interesting cast
Unluckiest woman ever 😢😢😢
Glad that Mia khalifa girl got a real roll. great to see someone turn their life around like that
The only thing that would make it better is if you could play multiplayer, maybe with up to like 8-10 people on the island in a server.
So this wasn’t their last project
better not be too easy.
Guess some things can simultaneously take a lot of work yet still be lazy. Not surprising when the main ingredient of your new pie is memberberries. Try not to half-bake it.
holy moly 🤯
So I’m guessing it takes place right after everyone left from the movie nice
Took long enough been waiting since Dr Grant and the sega genesis hopefully will have a option to play in first and third person also a mode to play the dinosaur and hunt the other players. This trailer looks like it will be a good game.
My issue is that this trailer shows up basically nothing. The major scenes in this trailer are just scenes from the movies. Which means it's not how the final product is going to look and the bit they did show us at the end was pretty small and didn't reveal anything.
I hope it is also co-op. Would love to play this with my brother.
It’s finally here.
Looks like Mia Kalifa hahahaha
do we get custom character creation because i dont wanna play as this woman
1:18 if the developer don't feed us with rpg and flying jetpacks we eat them
Finally !!!!! That’s what we fans were looking for.
Yeeeeeeess 🦖🦕
Another example of race swapping a classic. Fking pathetic
Mia Khalifa branching out! Good for her
i love the simple concept, and it connects directly to the original. no need to stray so far incredible from the source material. Just gonna be a good, simple, dinosaur game in our favorite dinosaur universe. Yes.
This trailer makes me want to wait for Ark more than this.
flash back to my nightmares as a kid from the first movie !
woot!
Did they have to use Mia Khalifa as the character model?!
It will be online ?
Shot for shot of the film. Incredible
This looks so good and insane i want this
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Actually thought I was watching a movie trailer to begin with!
Its Jurassic park but its Outlast at the Same time. It Looks insane ❤
Mia Khalifa is in JP?
I really hope they can pull off an Alien Isolation style, pant-wittingly terrifying experience
Eric cartmen:kathlen kennedy: put a chick in it and maker f**king gay!
I bet it's lesbian transgender bipolar non-binary gay half black quarter asian quarter palestinian and they identify themselves as a pterodactyl. Change my mind.
I knew it!! I knew that raptor was not frozen alive!!! I knew it!!!
Looks good!!
I'm so excited for this. Good job to whoever did the trailer.
Can’t wait to pirate this game and purposely get the main character eaten alive by dinosaurs over and over again!!!
I’m so excited for this game, finally we get a survival horror type of game based on JP! It took them way too long but better late than never.
YESSSSS
Finally a very good and decent game for Jurassic Park franchise
My only gripe...why does it habe to be based on a female character
For a second I thought it was a film.
Must play yesterday
Is that Mia Khalifa?
God, can we stop with the sneaky T-Rex cliché already?
I'm 38 years old laugh all you want I waited so long for a game like TRESPASSER!  Sadly I still have my old RX580 going to have to upgrade.
I'm so glad it is based on Jurassic Park and not Jurassic World plus I'm so excited bc I've always wanted a game like this. I didn’t like the park builders at all
Looks like Mia Khalifa has landed a mainstream acting role
Noice
Didn’t know Mia Khalifa was doing video games now…
The events are after the fall of Jurassic Park?
THIS IS HUGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is that Mia Khalifa?
This game looks like the "Jurassic Park"/dinosaur game I've always wanted/wished for/been waiting for. FINALLY - after so many years - it's here! I can't believe it! 😱💥 I just hope it's as good as it looks. 🙏
aint no way you got mia khalifa in this
Everyone saying this is a survival horror game. I’m reading the description and seeing the alpha cutscenes. I think it’s just going to be a story driven game and not an open world survival game unfortunately. I hope we can at least create our own character but it looks like we’ll be playing her
this single trailer is better than the entire Jurassic world series combined
I i love it, but when you use the nostalge for saling always is a bad product. PS. If this game don´t use the orginal cast latin voices i will not but it.  XD
Woao that was animation? The graphics dude🔥
We need a move, not the game.
Do you get play as Mia Khalifa running from dinosaurs?
Jeffery Epstein "..i own an island, really spectacular  spared at no expense"
Sigh... Why make it FPS? SMH
Jurassic Park: Isolation
Single player...and it's dead.
In just a few more years, you won't even be able to tell video games are animated anymore! This looks AMAZING!
I hope they bring it to VR too.
I hate cinematic trailers.
Looks like AOC was dropped off on the island. Now go!
Ingen just forgetting about valuable employees and leaving them to be eaten alive is just so on brand
I’ll stick with ark thanks but no thanks lol
I can't wait to see the actual in-game footage later on! This calls to mind Trespasser in the most positive of ways!
Trespasser X Taletell?! Hell yeah!
All right, consider me interested! Jurassic Park is a perfect scenario for a survival horror game so let's see what they can do. If this is similar to Alien: Isolation but with dinosaurs instead, I'm sold!
Another cash grab probably.
Mia khalifa in Jurassic Park…
Soooo..... Dino crisis
More than Rtx on
Jurassic Park > Jurassic World
She looked real as hell. Id date her. 😂
Not for PS4 😢
Love this!
Oh my gaaaaaaaad!
Please no first person perspective 💀☠️💀☠️💀☠️💀☠️🙌🏿😭😭😭😭
Is it Open world ?  I hope so 💯 That game was a dream for me …if you can play the game like the movie   Thx 🙌🏿🙌🏿🙌🏿
Dude this looks fun
I cannot wait to watch TheRadBrad Plag this through!!! Tap 👍🏽 if you agree!! 👇🏽
Bruh that's just a miguel o'hara version of reboot Lara Croft
More brainwashing games 😂 dinos never existed kids
Might as well just rewatch the original Jurassic Park...
They made mia khalifa the main character
we want the women of colour audience.
Please be good.
1:48  Typical Strong 💪 independent women need No Men 😵‍💫🥴 Hollywood needs to rename as Wokeywood!!
I've been looking at lots of fan made games like this but I can't believe we're getting an official one! Evern harder to believe is that It's calles Jurassic Park instead of Jurassic World, they really switched the era, something I never though they would do.
Ich habe Gänsehaut bekommen endlich nach jahrelangen hoffen erscheint mal ein geiles Dinosaurier Spiel ich freue mich mega drauf hoffentlich hoffentlich verkacken sie es nicht❤❤❤❤❤❤
It's everything from the original movie... Except you know... The characters. They could of atleast made an interesting character. Oh, well.
Nooo I wanted  to play as no shirt goldbloom and hard mode better be named Timmy difficulty bro took it all in the movie
Is it just me or she looks like Mia Khalifa?  😁
Inner child is already hyped and happy because this is happening real. A first-ever Jurassic Park video-game titled Jurassic Park: Survival video-game. 🦖
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
What are the chances it eventually comes out on PS4?
Are there any new games where you play as a male character anymore?? It’s either forced to play as a female or you create your own character with two different “body types.” If you’re so obsessed with being diverse, just let us create our own character. Everyone would like that better anyways.
I couldn't tell if this was a movie or a game in the beginning. Wow, how graphics are advancing.
It's cool it reminds me of jurassic park trespasser
This is what I have been wanting but never dared to dream it would happen. 😭
MIA KALIFA
Mia Khalifa and Jurassic Park crossover lol.
So long as this is Not another QTE game like in the past, I'm in
The only thing that would make this better is making it VR
TPP Mode Please
We want Third Person Mode Please 🙏
Super excited! Hopefully we can see the Dinosaurs that were in the park that we didn't get to see in the film. The Metriacanthosaurus and Herrerasaurus could make for some really cool moments! Along with the Baryonyx in some water-themed scene
This is my dream, please take your time..this brand deserves it
who else was tryna figure out if it was live action or 3d😭😭😭😭
How does a T Rex sneak up on you?
Why is the character brown? So weird
As long as I don't have to play Mia Khalifa from the trailer. I'm not here to suck off dinos.
As soon as I saw the protagonist, let’s call her “idiot”, leave the flash light on and then proceed to kick the colander bowl, I was on the side of the dinosaur. The latter clearly being more evolved. Stupid trailer. Looks like it was made by children or AI. Also, the member berries could not be more belligerent. Like why would she stay in the middle of the road. Why move so much and light a flare when it’s right there? No, she’s not meant to survive. She’s expendable.
Yes because the movie had an Indian girl in it… makes sense… so sick of this diversity BSk
Mia Kalifia is cannon? Gyattttt
I REALLY need this to be good. Jurassic Park was one of those rare things that molds you as a young kid. They better not mess this up.
Mía kalifa?
My only request is to change the sound of the T-Rex to the new sound that they discovered what they really sounded like
She's not just a woman and of color, but also a doctor! Finally someone dares to do something like that.  Women exist!
Way To Go 🎉🎉🎉
Omg we finally get to see what happens to the raptor in the fridge 😊
Is this like Alien isolation type game
Oh this we love)))))🦍🦍🦍🖤💯
Awesome
Omg, if this is as good as Alien: Isolation, I can't wait.
Dear Creative Assembly ….🫡🙏
With this i hope we can get Dino Crisis
Mia Khalifa? Wtf
It has multiplayer too.
i like all the references to the original JP movie!
NO WAY I NEED THIS IT SEEMS LIKE JW AFTERMATH
i hope they make a jurassic park film that is true to the novel. Stop these silly sequeals and make a remake that capitalizes on the novels greatness.
will this be available on ps4?
Ayooo what’s Mia Khalifa doing at Jurassic Park ?? 🤣
2025 too?
This trailer made me not want to buy
Muito ansioso para isso! Me pergunto qual será a faixa etária deste jogo...
Will it be available on Android?
This game could have problems at the start and still be a huge success, i can’t WAIT to get in to this!
Wtf is Mia Khalifa doing there?
MIRRORS EDGE: DINOS????
I love dem brown tings
Wenn es nicht mal wieder zu 90% gescripted ist, könnte das Spass machen.
Oh god it's a woman main character, women don't do well in survival situations as showen when men and women went head to head in that tv show and the lasses couldn't even build a flipping shelter for them self's
Diversity Hire 😂
Jesus Christ the animation.
Cant wait for this game!!!😢😢
Why does that main character look so much like Mia Khalifa!?
BRO FINALLY! My dreams have come true, I can’t believe this is happening. I can die in peace.     Of course, after I’ve played the game.
Is that Mia Khalifa? Asking for a friend.
Another strong female lead ANOTHER ONE 🙄
this kinda gives me the vibe of the talltale of Jurassic park... now that wasnt the best, but not bad for a jurassic park game, but lets just hope this will be better :3,  also this reminds me of a game i am waiting for called "The lost wild" its about you on a island of dino  and its a horror survival, and the dino will stalk you instead of attacking mindlessly!
Wow, it is game. Lol😂
Looks cool, but I hope you don’t HAVE to play a budget Mia Khalifa.. 😂
I’ve read the novel before. Absolute nightmare fuel.
так вот куда делась Мия Кхалифа. Вот где она. В игры подалась. Интересно
If it’s what I think it is I’m playing
Fact: The Rexy In the Thumbnail Is a Old Rex. The Young Rex Had a Thick Head and Body. Fact 2: The Old Rexy Was Kinda Skinny All Because She Had Eaten 16 Meals And Skipped The Lunch. Then Young Rex is Thick And Jui- Nevermind
Sooooo pretty much every one of my childhood JP nightmares rolled into one awesome traumatic experience? Yes please.
Looks too scripted honestly.. still waiting for the perfect open world dinosaur game we've all dreamed about!
Wow just like the movie but with a ethnic strong independent Wahman.
No way they added Mia khalifa to the game 😂😂🤣🤣☠️
I hope the main character isn’t just a brown woman, but a gay brown woman… That’d make everything better!
lame only single player, make a multiplayer horror game
Video game trailers take false advertising to a new level. There were seconds of actual gameplay in this, the rest is essentially an animated movie. Who cares about anything other than gameplay? Otherwise it looks like a good effort from the few seconds they actually gave at the end.
Diversity hire
Dose no one know what ark is
I have a nokia ring tone even on my iPhone til this day
0% gameplay. Not excited yet.
I don’t understand why it took so long for this. PS5 4K 120 hz please.
How empowering. Barf. Woke. Garbage.
Release date??? 🤔🤔
Good job you just race and gender swapped jurassic park scene for scene in video game form. Is Kathleen Kennedy behind this trash, she yelled put a chick in it and make her lame and gay and yall jumped right to it and asked HOW gay........😂
Nostalgia sells
Yet another game I can't play because it's first person 🙄😭
This looks fuckin dope but I really hope Mia Khalifa isn’t the only playable character
Not digging it too much, but who knows. Could be a pleasant surprise.
Finally a modern dino crisis game
Trespasser 2??!
わ、すごい
wtf is this? show us the game/play  this is a cgi video of the movie starring mia khalifa 😂
Put a chick in it, and make her gay and lame!
Waiting😊
Thats so cool  i was thinking is is a animated movie with game graphiks and than it suprisinglie was a  game
Woah diese musik alter, geil! ich liebe den 1. jurassica park teil, der besten von allen! Hoffentlich wird es nicht nur weglaufen und verstecken sondern auch später mit waffen finden und wehren!
Tps?
Wow hope it lives up to this
Why am i getting Alien Isolation vibes.
Did anyone else thougth this girl looks like Mia Khalifa?
Do you realise we've been waiting for this game for literally DECADES, a proper (well made, well budgeted) horror survival JP game. This is a DAY ONE buy for me.
We want the movie of this!
Thing, I hated the most was shooting dinosaurs. I couldn't put up with it. Survival is how the series should be.
Баба, здесь лишняя конечно)) надеюсь можно будет выбирать, за кого играть😂
Mia Khalifa and Dinosaurs? Take my money!
Miss the NES version of the game. It had a "top down" view.
Mia Kalifa ? Lol Didn’t know this was a game . Looked so real the graphics !
This might make me buy a non Nintendo console for the first time in over a decade.
Me waiting for Switch release :
Mia Kalifa
So jurassic park meets tomb raider? I’m in.
Mia Khalifa is in it?!
Sorry i dont play female chracter
When will this release middle of 2024 maybe?
A Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa? I'm in.
Ive seen better acting in her corn 😂
about time let's hope it's good
Super 🔥
100x better than the stupid Jurassic world sereies
Man this is gonna be shovelware of Jurassic proportions. Dinosaurs will move all janky like the Xenomorphs in Alien Marines.
like old times with ps1 and ps2 dinosaur games 😏
The only good movie ever made of Jurassic Park. Maybe the  2cond one too. The rest pure rubbish
Why does every single thing have a diverse woman in it? Was really hoping we'd see the T-Rex eat her there.
Cool jurassic
Holy crap a character that was never mentioned seen or even talked about in the movie whatsoever that you would think people would say something about inside movie but oh the character never existed so therefore it made a huge pothole for the original movie now oh great
FINALLY
Oh yes!! Updated dino crysis !!!
So, what does the game look like?
Now this is something I can get behind. Like the protag too she seems smart and tough.
It’s 2024 in 2 weeks, these graphics are pathetic. I’ll bet anything this games ends up being a flop/delayed/pay to win.
birthing person protag? 🙄
Mis Kalifa
Finally I don't have to go to chucky cheese to play this
I think it's pronounced "Jurassic Park: Aftermath".
So this must be Farah's childhood. No wonder she grew up a beast of a woman!
Bienvenue en 2024 femme et raciser au top
Gameplay we seen was cutscenes/scripted events.  Don't wanna be that guy, but the franchise hasn't released anything good since the 90s so i'm not that excoted to see anything here.  I do like the idea of what this game could be though.
Wow it looks so faithful to the film with all the subtle details in there. Very cool.
female protagonist, cool.
Can we have a guy as the main character?
Another piss game.
LOL this is just a rehash of the first movie but with a girl. They're running out of ideas!
If Capcom isn't gonna make a new Dino Crisis, then I guess a Jurassic Park Resident Evil clone will suffice.
Put a chick in it and make her gay
She sounds like the same voice actress that did lara croft
ohhhhh yesss!
Compliments from the Kingdom of the Netherlands! 🇳🇱
Thank god it’s not Jurassic world
I'm getting Trespasser vibes! Can't wait!!
They should do another one on when Ian’s girlfriend Sarah went to Isla Sorna (Site B) or when Eric survived eight weeks on Site B.
GTA 6 who?...
Woke af
I hope to see an E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial and Back to the Future video game in the future. It would be EPIC!!! #UniversalStudios #AmblinEntertainment #ET #BacktotheFuture #StevenSpielberg🛸👽🚴🌕💫🌌🚘
YOOO they got Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park?!
No No No. I'm gonna get anxiety attacks. Have nightmares. But... I'm gonna beg my mom to get me this game. 😅
Like If you agree no DLC No loopholes, no, you gotta buy additional chapters to finish the game. None of that crap updates are fine because sometimes a bug in the game is annoying.
FINALLY, we get a game the fans have been asking for besides Project Genesis and Evolution.
I thought almost movie trailer 😂  unreal engine 5 incredible
This looks insane, hearing the classic theme tune roll in always gives me goosebumps
Stunning and brave
I hope they'll show an adult dilophosaurus from jp
Not a fan of first person game.. hope there is 3rdperson view
It's a game 😭
Hindi ????
So "ducking" realistic! I've thought that was a new movie trailer
Why couldn't they show us more of the game instead of that wanky pixar movie stuff? I think the game looked good from the 1 second clip I saw but I mean what was she doing holding a flare standing 6ft beside a t-rex? Makes no sense.
So happy how our video games are actually taking us to the worlds where the films are set in, Hogwarts Legacy, Avatar Frontiers, and now this. I’m super excited. I guess they made Jurassic Park the Game by TellTale games non-cannon since the shaving cream can got crushed by the trex in that game, where it appears in Dominion.
They covered all the best scenes of Jurassic Park and that last scene where Velociraptor was trapped in the first part.....is the best
Awesome! There aren't nearly enough dinosaur-themed horror games!
Does the main character look like mia khalifa
Not gonna lie the amination is fire
Alien isolation style gameplay, and Jurassic park setting would be sick
I just got the chills; this is a game I’m waiting for 🦖🦕
Hopefully you can play as a male character. I hate playing as females haha
Just showed cutscene  where is the game play clips
Wish I could play the original cast, even if they add it as DLC
Stop the Presses! Someone go alert TheGamingBeaver! This is the game of the ages!
Lol why the girl look like Jeff goldblum
Wow adventurous horror game  related to our childhood ❤❤❤
Can’t wait for another game with a WOC with British accent, probably with a manly behavior and nasty attitude that will likely ruin the story of the game.
The took all the iconic scenes from the first movie and turned them into a trailer. :D
and this is where ark survival 2 come ins
I thought it was a movie😅
Bro I thought that it's a movie...,
Lady: “Is any one there?” Dilo: Hello!! 😃😃
Memberberry special
Finally a game that looks next gen woo!
Too many times we've been hyped over a really great trailer and let down because of horrible gameplay. But I really hope this turns out as amazing as I wish it does. Can't wait to see what happens with this!
Mía Khalifa in jurassic park survival, great
One thing is certain, the game will look and play nothing like this trailer. Unfortunately
Did they just use the jurassic World rexy Design
Game looks good (for now), but they could've got someone that doesn't look exactly like Mia Khalifa  Lol
Wow! Mia Khalifa in a video game🤓
When is it coming out
Yessssirrr
She looks like Mia Khalifa
I really, really hope this doesn't suck. This is the JP game everyone has been waiting for. Not tell tale or park building.
Graphics are good ❤ hopefully gaming experience will also be the same
She kind of looked like a female Jeff Goldblum at times
I am glad to see a Dilophosaur star prominently in this trailer. I always found it cute/scary
Really wish this also was on PS4, when this comes out I will not be able to play it!😢
We never realized..but We all wanted this for sure ...
How about coming for the ps4
For a moment I thought it was actually a movie trailer!
Kinda hope they use some of those "realistic dinosaur sounds" that have been going around
Ngl the pre-rendered footage looked incredible but that brief gameplay looking iffy to me. Really hoping the performance is solid upon release🤞🏻
Wow these comments were written by bots or ChatGPT
Nostalgia, more than anything else! 🥲🥺
Okey, but can que Talk about that graphics? Just insane
Fake
When i think about the cast in all the movies, im not sure if i will like the character in this trailer. Anyway, it looks interesting.
Mia Khalifa?
Waiting for gameplay before getting overhyped because of a prerendered trailer. but man.. this idea for a game was in my mind for decades. Lets hope its not a "The Day Bofore" thing😂😂
It looks good, but the copious use of memberberries in the trailer is making me a doubter.
Another female action hero protagonist? I don't think I can do this anymore...
Trespasser
Alien Isolation, but set in Jurassic Park????
Never thought they would take Mia Khalifa in the Game.
So we can’t pick the character we play as?
Nice to see Mia Kalifa
OMG.. it it real,, awesome going to feel the park and fear
Maya joshi an indian named character in jurassic park game ❤
2:06 Wait a minute. Isn’t that one of the raptors from the first movie? The one that Lex and Tim locked in the freezer, in the kitchen room? Yes, I say "kitchen room".
Everything Jurassic Park fans have waited for!
Looks like Mia.
If it ends up being a mix of Supermassive Games and the Alien Isolation game, I will be totally in. The visuals look good in the video, but we’ll have to see on the game play.
Whoa this looks like it could actually be good
Take all my money
I can’t believe it took them this long like we have alien isolation just take that with Dino’s 🤷‍♂️🤣
you get dinosaurs and mia khalifa in one game
Do we have to play as a girl?
Shame they chose Mia Khalifa for the protagonist
She look a little like Mia Khalifa 😂
What inside the cold storage?
Shitty cinematic trailer
Mia Khalifa? lol
Another Jurassic Park game after 30 years. Finally.
É cânone?
Turn the light off turn the light off!!!
WOOOOO
I want to switch to a male character so tired of weird female grunts
Looks super cool. Hope one fan play as a male also.
OMGGGGG!!!! I NEED THIS NOW
There is no good Dino game. The closest we ever got was Horizon Zero Dawn.
This looks like it will be similar to Alien Isolation 💯
Anybody else think she looks like Mia Khalifa?
Fingers crossed we get a glimpse to explore the park in its normal form before everything bad happened.
Bro she can’t catch a single break man. Gets left behind, chased by Delophosaurous, loses her light, gets chased again, then gets stared down by a T-Rex
Please please I beg you, don’t let us down, release a fully done game and not half baked . This is our childhood here 🥲
This is long overdue
I swear i though she was Mia Kalifa for a second there😂
She better not be the main character
why does this feel like a Dead by Daylight intro, anyway cool stuff
Does anyone remember about Trespasser?
HOPE YOU CAN PICK YOUR CHARACTER CAUSE I DONT WANT NO TAMPONS
Jurassic Park: Quick time Event
I dont wanna be firced to play as a minority chick. Pee you i smell that woke crap from here. No thanks.
I'd of loved this as a kid now I'm 31 it just wont hit the same
Put a chick in it and make her gay!
Cannot wait!!!!!
This looks woke asf
They should have got Creative Assembly to make this. Imagine Alien Isolation but with Jurassic Park...
Too bad that it will be 3rd person view, instead of 1st, or both.
What a wank...
IVE BEEN WANTING A SURVIVAL GAME FOR YEARS!!!!
Thought that was Mia Khalifa at first
Meh... not enough DEI in it 😂😂😂
I'm getting major Dino Crisis vibes and I'm all for it
is this dead by daylight
Dino Crisis Fans: _"We want a Dinosaur Game Capcom!!"_ Capcom: _"Hahaha, Too Bad!"_ 😈👺 Universal: _"Allow me to introduce myself!"_ 😎 Capcom: _"Oh shi- they really making a Dino Game!!"_ 😨
Oh, badass---  A ful CGI trailer!  This gives us a good feel for how the game will play!
This got me hopeful.  But how tf u get left behind at JP is beyond me😂girl u was on the 🚽 dropping a deuce when chopper took off??
First person??? 😩
I could barely stomach playing as Aloy in the forbidden west. Definitely don’t see this game doing any better.
Ojala algun dia existam los dinosaurio y que este yo para verlo
Single player 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Thank you guys for keeping Jurassic Park content going. JP is a part of most of our childhoods. When done right, the nostalgia is top tier. Thank you.
Omg I wanna watch Cory play this
Ummm.... You kind of dropped the ball not making a vr game out of the footage you stole directly from the first movie.. the graphics for the video game shown afterwards are terrible imo.🤷
I started to believe but then until I saw the main DEI character choice. Disbelief unsuspended, magic gone
You didn't ask for reality; you asked for more teeth!” ...
Yes please.
Voice acting isn't great, but the concept is!
Let’s go
I've been waiting for a good JP game for over a decade. While some of the games were okay, this finally looks like the interactive experience I've been dreaming of. I can't wait!
That was Mia khalifa 😂
Il faudra quand même que quelqu'un range cette louche un jour...
Ya know, when are we ever gonna get that experience again where we can actually PLAY as the dinos!? Having a multiplayer aspect to that would be INCREDIBLE
Explains why they kept closing down peoples fan made games
Looks great, and Mía Khalifa as the protagonist... Woow
I literally didn't realise this was a game before i read a comment about it.
Looks amazing! Apart from the lead character with the glasses. I feel like it gotta change.
Gets worse every time.
Hmmm this looks different from what I remember.
here's something i didn't think of the first time i watched this trailer: it's called Jurassic PARK: Survival, so i appreciate that it's not World again.
So they poopooed on the excellent looking fan made game in Dreams just to make this QuickTime event snoozefest?
FINALMENTE UM JOGO DE TERROR DO JURASSIC PARK
I always wanted a far cry dinosaur game but this will do
Oh great, another woke female protagonist.
This is amazing …. Day 1 purchase for me
How did they get Mia Khalifa?
i have a feeling this will be a interactive movie...
I thought that raptor might've froze to death in the cold storage room by now.
A dino survival game with no guns in it? Better than nothing i guess...
Isn’t this from the movie….
Oh my god this is my dream game I’ve wanted my whole life!!! I CANNOT WAIT
mia kalifa es tu
NOOOOICEEEE
For years we have been waiting for a game like "Trespasser" now the wait is over with many upcoming dino games
She looks like Jeff Goldblum.
Playing as a young Mia Khalifa. Nice.
Looks like it could have been cool, but probably a walking running hiding simulator, those are truly a waste of potential, along with multi player survival horrors- like Texas chain saw, Friday the 13th, and evil dead,  They last for like a month and are gone for good, no reason to ever pick them up to play again,   Same with no combat having horror games, they are a once and done kind of deal,   Where if it had combat, or the other multi player one's had a story and combat,  They could actually be a masterpiece and last for year's and year's.   This could have been just like a new generation turok/dino crisis game,  Instead it will probably be budget outlast with dinosaurs.
Of course is a female game. Of course.
This is giving Alien: Isolation vibes and I am 1000% here for it, I've been wanting a survival horror Jurassic Park game for a long time and this is just speaking to my soul. It looks so good!
Please tell me this game has a story please 😭 been wanting a game like this for so long. No PVP or whatever, just a good story
Holy hell!!! Am i dreaming?!!!!
Oh no they got Mia Khalifa as a MC to try and convince the dinos that they don't have to have have children.  It's not going to work, Mia, run!  No, put that back on!  Run!
I hope they spare no expense making this game!
I think the cold storage was referencing blu? It would be awesome if you could switch between humans and good dinos
Can't wait but am I the only one saying TURN THE LIGHT OF I'm an OT
Mia khalifa 😅
Great, now Mia Khalifa is going to sue for “using her as a character” too… lol
My god the original soubds of the dinos aswell😍😍 must play just because of that
I hope it’s co-op. So I can play with the gf
trailer is boring. It's only for pure nostalgia bait.
I imagine this game is going to be a mix of alien:isolation and how the movie actually was from the audiences perspective. It’s going to be pretty scary if the game has self learning dinosaurs that don’t spawn in the same spots all the time.
Mia Khalifa ain’t a bad actress.
Mia Khalifa
So... like... Alien: Isolation on Isla Nublar?! Count me the f*ck in!!!
I’ve been waiting for this since trespasser………
Jurassic Park: Survical ... starring Mia Kalifa
Finally a game with mia khalifa in it!
this is the Jurassic Park we want, not some stupid theme park tycoon thing.
It feels so good after hearing the classic music of Jurassic park. And did she said her name as Dr Maya Joshi?😳😳😳
Free Palestine 🇵🇸
So it's Alien: Isolation but with dinosaurs. I am absolutely onboard for that.
Is this real?
More females of ambiguous races and diversity quotas filled here I see. How surprising... not! This is basically the MO nowadays for these creatively bankrupt studios that are controlled by ESG corporations, overly emotional HR departments and woke grifters, who have crawled up from all kinds of sewers.
Where are the male main characters?  Jurassic Park is a teet that keeps on getting twisted.
A horror game?
This looks like a dead by daylight trailer
They put Mia Khalifa in a jurassic park video game?   Smart move....
"Mmmmm exotic meat" ~T Rex
This is going to be epic
slayyy!!
A girl which looks like the female version of Jeff Goldblum. Three events that were copied 1:1 from the first movie. Four short ingame shots. lol nice
I’ve been waiting for this since the dinosaurs.
I’ve been waiting for a game like this! Bout time we got an Alien Isolation type Jurassic Park game! I hope this lives up to the hype
Wow this is amazing! Just like the original movie!
*insert spongebob meme*  FINALLY THAT'S WHAT WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
I seriously couldn't tell if it was a movie or a game for the first like 30 seconds until the unnatural movement from the character gave it away
Is it games or movie? So real
Dino crisis remake
When does this take place? Hours or a day after the events of the film?
Is that Mia Khalifa game?
I saw the lock and cold storage and thought, "that....cant be good."
I can't wait  for  theradbrad  to play this game im exciting 🤗
So no one thinks she looks like Mia?
This game is going to make me a YouTube Gamer 🤷🏻‍♂️
why Mia Khalifa is in the game?
Show some more gameplay instead of cinematic stuff. This doesn't excite me, im not an npc like some people here.
You get to play as Mia Khalifa? Dope
Oh ist that Mia Khalifa?
Oh bullshit! No way that raptor didn't freeze to death even if the power was out.
this is exactly the game we all wanted for so long
Throughout the entire kitchen scene all I was thinking was “turn the light turn the light off”
I like that it's starring Mia Khalifa.
I want to play this in VR
This is catnip to fans of the original film and I like the look of the new protagonist.
FINALLY!!!!!! I’m wearying my JP hat rn too what a coincidence
Haven't had a decent Dino game since Dino crisis and Turok. This game is bringing the nostalgia and if its like survival horror fear of being chased and hunted by dinosaurs like the alien in Alien Isolation this will be the best dinosaur game ever made!
Survival (horror) game in JP universe is a perfect idea. I can imagine something like this. You need to find food, water, shelter from bad weather and avoid dinosaurs carnivores but also herbivores. This has so much potential.
*She’s crawling around in the kitchen*  Me: “Turn the light off, turn the light off…” 😬
This game looks like it could be similar to alien isolation! Hide and trick the dinosaurs to escape and survive! Cool!
It was the 90s so it should be a strong male lead 😂😂
Please be real 😢
I'm in if the gameplay like Alien Isolation. 🎮
Wow finally a "Jurassic Park" product and it looks so good! definitely getting it! as it brings back what the franchise was all about, thrills, survival, scary and unpredictable dinosaurs and full on adrenaline. Can't wait to survive against the raptors and Rexy in her glorious prime :) the attention to detail is insane!
Time for sharpening THE MACHETE !!
Happy 30th Anniversary to Jurassic Park.😊🎉
Is she the daughter of jeff goldblums character?
Finally! After all these bloody years, I'm stoked!
this better frickin be vr ready
I was like oh this game actually looks interesting then I heard, “can anyone hear me this is dr Mayajoshi”… yah no thanks.
Hold on to your butts...
I've been wanting a Jurassic Park Survival Horror game ever since playing Dino Crisis.
Why are all these survival or adventure games/movies ALWAYS a female now, often with a British accent…. Like why? You’ve over tipped the scales in your endless quest for representation.
How did the freezer get unlocked?   How did she know about the flare?  Why am I excited about a game again?
Jurassic Park: Isolation?
Starring Mia Khalifa.
This was all prerendered and yet the characters animations looked really bad.
I thought it was a movie 🤯
The original Jurassic Park island, the classic dinos and Mia Khalifa, this is gonna be nice 😂😂
Dino crisis
No ones talking about the raptor being alive
Just a bunch of bits stolen from first movie.  Lazy
Please back 😭
Amazing.
If this game is going to be something like Alien isolation, it is already the best horror game ever
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Things I think would make this game amazing with little details :  1. Being able to use the Night vision goggles  2. Finding Nedrys remains  3. Finding Muldoon’s Spas 12 and being able to use it.  4. The Jurassic park gift shop and the feast that was left out .  5. Exploring the labs and tour .  6. The Shaving cream can
Please please please do E.T. Like this!!!
Simplemente hermoso y épico 🎉🎉
Is that Mia Khalifa
This looks so good!!!
Holicrap I get to survive in this amazing Jurassic world as Mia Khalifa?!
I hope jacksepticeye plays this! So good!
Are we just suppose to believe putting those glasses, with those earrings, and that hair style on her was just a coincidence?
these graphics gave me chills. I am blown away
I was sooooooo obsessed with Trespasser: Jurassic Park when I was younger.... this made me so happy!!! So stoked for this!!!!!
This is Dino Crisis 4 ❤
Will this be on ps4 too?
Survival like don't die while platform through zones? or... Survival survival? 🤔
Just Take My Money
Always wanted to play as Mia Hkalifa
0:34 Lmao 😂 Mia Khalifa is in this game 🎮
So they are not making games for ps4 anymore first I find out gta 6 will only be on ps5 now this too fml
oh wow! nice suprise🤗 luv PS and Xbox and luv Jurassic since i was a kid. Jurassic World evo pisses me off with da game crashing, Jurassic Park is finally here!
I knew eventually that raptor would develop telepathy and open the lock with its mind and get out. She was a clever girl.
Can we get it in vr?
this looks hype, I am so excited for a jp survival game!
Finally! Been wanting this since 98 lol
I low-key miss that sound at the end
The raptor in the cold storage was a nice touch. Nostalgic symbolism
lol so you just turned everyone into a mexican female! lol how woke of you!
At first i thought it was a movie...it looked terrible...then i realized it was a game. Im ok.
Nintendo switch?
Looks cool, at least they made it clear it was Pre-Rendered and alpha footage
Oh look, another diverse female protagonist…
Looks like they spared no expense
this looks stupid
Awesome!!!!
The graphics are so good I thought it was a movie trailer for a brief moment!
Survival horror? Massa demais
Ugh. I hate how they have to put ethnic women as the main character for literally EVERYTHING now. Movies, tv, games, even ads.   I like the game, but I hate this "woke" movement that's taking away from the originality. She was never in the books. She never saw grant use the flares. This could have been great.
Pass
Gameplay > Pre Rendered
This is not the first time we've seen Mia Khalifa in over her head...
Yeah r3tarded wokes, alot of indians was working on this island in 1990.
👍
This looks really really cool, and set in actual Jurassic Park not the Jurassic World abomination! ...but that ending was pretty lame...what the sight of the T-Rex just made her toughen up, like flicking a switch? 😆And the flare is not going to do her much good. Hopefully there's characters to choose from, RE style.
Hey kid it ain’t that kind of movie
Strong diverse girl boss i see..she dont need no man to save her
I wish it was more of its own game instead of “oh remember that from the movie” like every Jurassic world film  But maybe that’s just for the trailer so idk
Love it that the protagonist is experienced enough, instead of being a clueless stranger trapped there.  Hope the final game really satisfies.
The dino crisis we never had?
"Hey! You know the kitchen scene?! Let's do that with a different species of dinosaur and a different character! And let's do the flare thing with the T. rex too! And let's show the dilophosaurus looking from a behind a tree!" -"Okaaaay... isn't that... a little uncreative though? You've just blurted out stuff from the movie with minor changes."
I wouldn't mind another Turrok game
Whatever
A game we have been waiting for ages!
Just one little think. If i don't want to play Mia Khalifa character it's gonna be option to choose more brutal to survive in dino world?
Just gonna call it right here: probably not going to be any blood. Probably going to focus way too much on the human characters. Probably gonna have a very uninteresting story. Probably not gonna have enough dinosaurs. Probably not going to feature the T Rex or the Raptors, but instead those stupid hybrids from the Jurassic World series. Probably not gonna be scary. Probably not gonna tie well enough in with established JP lore. Probably not gonna be liked by the majority of fans  and its Probably gonna be another Alien Coloniel Marines situation. Probably gonna have too many scripted events.  No thanks.
Omg my dreams do come true!
Looks great. I'm glad to see Khalifa getting her own game.
Is mia khalifa?
Mia Khalifa didn’t play in the original.
End music 🎶 memories of 90s 😮
I really hope this is like Alien Isolation, scary but long, but also balanced.
Game’s gonna be insane, this cinematic is as well 🔥
This is the wildest Mia Khalifa video yet!
Bro is that Mia khalifa?
This movie looks a bit like a survival game based on the Jurassic park franchise lol
Ok...... So you play as Mia Khalifa? Got it
Is she Mia Khalifa?
Dino Crisis 3....
I remeber this game being announced back on PS2 and it being canceled, excited its gettig a second chance.
Holy schnutts.
So we arent getting another dinosaur fighting game? Unbelievable.
look promising... would love a PC VR mod.
TAKE MY FREAKING MONEY
Now I can die in peace.. and SINGLE PLAYER!
I hope there will be a third person version of it
Awesome. A non-white and non-male lead... How stunning and brave. Extremely unique how we are getting sloppy seconds homage scenes too. When are we going to learn? Character selection is for gamers, not gamers for character selection. 😊  Honestly, I hope the game is great. Just not feeling that teaser. Maybe the next one will show more in game footage?
That's spectacular😀
As long as they learn a lot from their past games, and quite possibly ark, this might be one of the best games yet.
Always wanted a Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa
Literally the only game any Jurassic Park fan has ever wanted
Photorealistic and nostalgic? To hell with GTA VI
Memberberries much
Please give me a release date.  I will save money to buy
I pray this is good. I've been waiting for this game for decades.
We've come a long way from Pitfall
Well, she's dead.    ..so is the game..  DOA. Your protagonist here wouldn't last 5 minutes..  I can see why you crushed Alan Grant's hat..  It's a Metaphor for how you are treating the story
This must be why they be shutting down all the small indie game creators
PS4???
We've been waiting for so long.
Con mia khalifa😂
We get to play as Mia Khalifa 😂
Capcom DINO CRISIS😂👍🏼
No, thank you. I'd rather not have a heart attack. (Honestly, it looks amazing, good job to the devs, but I can't handle stressful games like this.)
A survival horror game where you play as Mia Khalifa? Hell yeah!
Why on earth It doesn’t feature a Third Person view?
You know that a movie had a great impact and became legendary when 30 effing years later sequels, spinoffs and even games use the original content of that movie. No other words
I am officially at the point where I can no longer tell if I'm watching a movie trailer or game trailer 🤯
Pc or ps5?
After 30 Years We Are Getting A Game
cannot wait to stream this!
For a so called Dr she is very dumb
Yooooooooo
JPS for 2024?!, i was just hoping for JWE3.
I guess all of those indie projects universal kept shutting down meant that they had finally figured out what fans have been wanting for at least 20 years.
Well that sucks is first person...
Mia Khalifa trapped in Jurassic Park lmao
Little Dino? RUN BIG DINO? FLARE
Every Jurassic game failed prob this too
Jurassic Park was a survival horror movie based off a horror sci fi book. Makes sense
I didn’t know Mia Khalifa was doing video games now🤷🏻‍♂️🎮
I need this in VR! Kinda like Alien Isolation.
Mia is that you? (hope I wasn't the only one who thought this lol)
It's a 3d  montage collective rip-off of parts of the original film. Very creative minds we have here.
VR???
olA 😉🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😅😁
Too good to be true
Dr Mia Khalifa? What the hell kinda game is this going to be?
Dude....Dino crises vibes....I love it!!!!
great, now include 3 more people, and make a left4dead mode
😂Mia?
Subito
Can’t wait!!
Why is Mia Khalifa in the trailer?! 🤪
looks like we might as well just watch the movie again & pretend its different people..  the kitchen scent, she even kicks the same ladle.. they just changed the character & dinosaur.. & what a convenient twist that she also had a flare for the t-rex...   I was really looking forward to this game & hoping this is just early release stuff & the game will have varied content away from the original movie, otherwise itll just be boring..
Was promising until it became a first person perspective game. Absolutely can’t stand them, such a shame .. oh well no dinosaurs for me
This looks great. Primal fear inducing stuff.
Awwwww yeaaaaaaaaa
Why in first person? I can't play it 😭
Awesome 😎
why single player? and wasn't this coming out for ps2 like 20 years ago?
Mia Khalifa
The real question is, will this game be enough of a hit that Capcom would want to make Dino Crisis Remake?
Looks incredible the realism is out of this world. Definitely gonna get this for PC
Is this going to be like Ark Survival?
I need to see actual gameplay/graphics before I can get excited
Even if this isn't going to be the final look of the game, that character looks so real.
They presented a Indian character name :- maya joshi 🇮🇳❤️
Its nice they got Mia Khalifa to play the main character
Finally a Jurassic park game where i get to be mia khalifa
This is Next-Level! The CG rendered graphics in the beginning. Whoa. My mind is Blown. 🤯😲💥
Is it just me or she looks like Goldblum's daughter?
wow, this is really cool
I love the PoV . I can feel alien isolation
Yooooo I couldn’t even tell this was a game until it showed her face! Amazing!
Would definitely prefer a dino crisis remake/remaster
why is Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park
Just way too much fan service here. They're doing what star wars did with the last Trilogy... The kitchen scene, then with the T-Rex like it was with malcolm... Please no... Just make something original and stop trying to make cash by doing what was already done before...
Excited to play as young mia khalifa
Why not make i co-op
I was hoping to see the dino tapping the floor with claws
Hold up…now take this. And spin it again, and go the dead by daylight route. Dino’s the killers obvi, four survivors turning on gens or something to escape a part of the island. Yw. Someone hire me.
0:34 Mia Khalifa on spotted 😂❤❤❤
Wow.. Looks original.. But one thing has changed.. Dr Maya Joshi.. India rules..!😉🚩
Do I get to play as Mia Khalifa too?
DONT PREORDER!
Childhood to Teenage Jurassic Park is my favourite ❤
Those velociraptor’s are in league with Mr Grady!  That’s the only explanation for how they were able to get out of that freezer.
FINALLY!!!!!
Didn't expect to see Mia Khalifa on board! We all love to see the MODS that will come out for it
Is she Mia Khalifa? Lol
I wonder if it will be woke like the kids of today 😂
I’m already anxious watching this trailer
This game looks like "Alien:isolation" That's really cool! I am waiting for this game🔥
Is this a game? I thought it was like a short film
I was so excited to see this preview on the Game Awards.
Woke junk.
After spending decades praying and begging Capcom for Dino Crisis. I'm so Happy for this.
Imagining playing this on VR!
Lara Croft voice actor?
Lsow expectations, but fingers crossed.
NO WAY
I was watched Jurassic park when i was 11. now i am 37. still it takes my breath. felt terrified.
Only for pc?
Maybe I've just become cynical, but a prerendered trailer made almost entirely of memberberries doesn't instill confidence. "Hey remember this reference from Jurassic Park? Well we recreated it almost exactly so you can remember it again! She sits in the same spot in the kitchen! Here's the same ladle! Look, a flare! And she poses with it just like Jeff Goldblum, R E M E M B E R ?" Maybe show more gameplay than just nanosecond flashes please, otherwise this is just surface level canned nostalgia.
Ain’t this a 2d version of aftermath?
Protagonist
Yes! Just imagine a dark woods level at night and hearing the raptors knowing they are near but not where. That would be terrifying especially in a POV like that that makes you feel like your there. Also a swimming level would be fun where you don't know if that big one underwater is gonna grab you or not
Make a VR edition!
Is Mia Khalifa the inspiration for the character?
Jurassic World sucks.. that's why this is apparently the most accurate idea that this people had, back to the beggining 💙
YAY
The snippet of in-game footage looks good, but wow, the pre-rendered stuff is some of the most densely-packed fan-service I've ever seen.
Ofc the main character is a hipster non white woman…..
jurassic park: isolation
Nao sabia que a Mia Khalifa fazia papeis em jogos
Hopefully it comes out on ps+ for free soon. 😂 seems like they're gonna use scenes out of the movie.
VR mod please 😊
Finally, my dreams may come true.  Can’t wait.
I knew people had made their own survival horror fangames based on Jurassic Park, but to learn that there’s now an official Jurassic Park survival horror in the works is amazing. As a fan of both Jurassic Park and Jurassic World, it’ll be nice to revisit one of the many movies I watched when I was younger (and I was born after Jurassic Park came out on DVD). And suddenly, I’m feeling nostalgic. I’m probably going to want to rewatch Jurassic Park later on today.
The doctor looks like Mia Khalifa
At first I thought it was a movie
I say paying taxes is scarier than playing this game
Watch Capcom finally remake dino crisis after this games release because we all know this game is gonna sell like crazy.and thank god its taking after the OG film not any after.
1:21 so cute    1:22 BUT IN MONSTER 👹👹
I only clicked because i thought she had bigger booty
Please tell me this i gonna be vr compatible.
Some marketing suit: "Just show them the things from the original thing"
Mia Khalifa?
Woah it's game will come ❤
Looks visually good. Just got to wait for gameplay trailer to drop.
I can't wait to watch other people play this game.
I hope they get a good writer. What made the first film so timeless was how unique and interesting the characters were. As soon as she said “my name is Doctor blah blah” the bubble burst for me, sounding like a generic video game character.  Everything else looks incredible though. Just - hire a good writer. Please.
Looks amazing but I get a little frustrated at the first person view far too many games doing that these days. I much prefer 3rd person view (or optional at least) to see all the interactions and animations. Other than that the feel & vibe of the game look bang on!
So this is why Jurassic Park: Operations was shut down?
Real, non confrontational question. If most gamers are male, why do they keep with this female protagonist trend?
yes
HYPE
H YPE
Mia Khalifa vs Dinosaurs count me in
Nice, but the still haven’t changed te t-Rex sounds. Latest study has shown they don’t have a high pitched sound. But a real low grumble. Really daunting.
LOL. A Jurassic Park game. If I get to see Rexy eat people, it's definitely worth a buy
This is what I could only dreaming of 20 years ago!!
Freaking finally... I've been waiting for a modern JP1 game since forever.
Dino crisis vibes.
This is what I’ve wanted from Jurassic Park all these years!!!
Mia khalifa
Holy cow not only it is Jurassic park game, it is a remake of almost 23 years!
Okay ! But when
That looks really cool :D. Almost like a movie :D.
Huh...I'm pretty sure the young girl in the original Jurassic Park movie was a White blonde girl. Now she's Asian?...It never stops...
cut scenes great stuff 🥱
Change the main character. I wont ask you again.
Mia Khalifa is going well for herself
Jurassic park and mia khalifa.... Take my money I want this game 😂
Sounds like a great idea, but the trailer is just re-enacting scenes from the film, which looks like a disappointing lack of imagination or freedom.   (At a guess, through management playing far too safe?)
I hope this brings more girls into gaming!
I love it but dang this scene is overdone 😂
Do we have any information on a release window?!
“You feel that. That’s a impact tremor I’m very alarmed here..” - Ian Malcolm
pay attention. the trailer is all pre-rendered footage. we have seen absolutely no gameplay. the gullable people on here is something else lol
MiA kalifha
Hm
Jurassic parks great Jurassic worlds crap, no one whated to see dinosaur dogs or poeple trying to upgrade dinosaurs. Dinosaurs are fine on there own no need to try make they cooler
Mia khalifa and Jurasic Park! Awesome!!!
IAN MALCOM UPDATE WHEN 😡
Woke crap.
Una maravilla! ❤️❤️❤️
Someone say Alien Isolation Re-skin??   Definitely here for it.
Recreating all the famous scenes. Sign of creativity, no?
Yep. Thank you. I had enough of these crossover dinosaurs anyway.
OMG thi is amazing 😍👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Dbd.. but make it dinosaurs!! 👀🤣 I love it
I thought that was Mia Khalifa 😭😭
Whys Mia Khalifa in Jurassic park tho?
Quite cool she's muslim. Makes this adventure a whole lot better! Huge collector and fan and I am muslim.
Omg yes!!!  30 years late, but yes!!
trailer, first we must see gameplay how the game is, if its like trex breakout demo than amazing it is lower than good night
As a trans woman I think its great that the lead character is another woman, especially a Muslim woman. We are winning, thanks everyone 🙂
Bruh
It looks cool, but I'm really bummed that it's from the 1st person perspective. Meh.
yo te conozco.. 😑  .... Mía Khalifa 😀😈
Was really up for this, but why does it have to be a F***** woman
Just wow
Lethal Company is laughing in multiplayer
omg !!!
If this game getting hit, im hoping Capcom gonna take note and remake Dino Crisis.🙏🏼
hopefully you can play as a dude as well
seems like far cry wannabe, not fan of single player games, but if done right it could actually be fun game. hope it has more than just senseless fighting and action.
Main character is cringe, to bad the game might be decent
YES FINALLY!!! I've been waiting for something like this for years
I'm getting it for Mia khalifa
she could have been ian malcolms daughter...talk about a missed opportunity ....
The way rexy roars infront of the old gate
Whats mia doin on nublar
Hype
Amazing 🎉
I wonder what the death scenes will look like, full disembodiment by a velociraptor 😮
Mia Khalifa
Don’t worry Mia Khalifa! I’ll save you from those dinos!
Amazing
Looks like a very promising game, BUT I'm just wary of continuity with the 1st movie....... There was only 1 T-Rex on the island. AFAIK there was only 1 Dilophosaurus. 3 Raptors to begin with, 2 killed by the Rex meaning just 1 Raptor around (and they've still got to show how it escaped the freezer). I'm really hoping they show the main character being pursued by some new dinosaur species (where there many other predator species mentioned as being on the island in the 1st movie? 🤔), otherwise it could just be repeated moments of the Rex/Dilophosaurus/Raptor continually chasing her.
Yeah the graphics look great, but this is looking suspiciously like a reboot of TellTales Jurassic Park: The Game from 2011, basically a walking simulator with quick time events.  I hope I'm wrong, but I've been disappointed by the video game industry too many times to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Also from a lore perspective, someone being left behind makes no sense. Based on the trailer they are following the film continuity, which made it pretty clear there was nobody else on the island. I'm tired of these lazy writers retroactively adding characters where they don't fit, in this case another "forgotten" park worker like in Jurassic Park: The Game, Fallen Kingdom and Dominion.   There is absolutely no reason they couldn't come up with something more original that doesn't conflict with existing lore. For example, a plane or ship could have crashed on the island during the storm, and you play the only survivor, awoken by the sound of the survivors helicopter leaving overhead. Stranded, they find a dicarded park map, and with no other choice, start to make their way to the Visitors Centre to call for help.
The music,the scenes,the dinos,same place! Everything is on point! I bet playing this will feel like a Jurassic park sequel but you are in it.
Wait, it's a Game 😲?
The Lost Fem: Patriarchy Park
Mia Khalifa on Dino Island
looks so generic and cringe
Alien Isolation style gameplay in Jurassic Park - hell yes!
love how she goes from running away to facing a trex
They were going to release a game with the same name on ps2 back in 2001. But it was canceled. Heres the trailer that came with the Jurassic park 3 soundtrack. https://youtu.be/Hswq1v9-GYo?si=AmXR36KSzMlsvSQv
Soooo...finally theres a Jurassic Park game. Aaannnd i have to play a woman...iam not a woman...and sadly im not going to buy it...
Many many years even decades waiting a real JP game!
Yes, I've watched this trailer about 100 times. No, this isn't my last time.
Protagonist looks like a boat load of cringe
I didn’t know Mia Khalifa was in it.
1:56 😢👎🏻
Makes me nostalgic for the old super Nes game! It felt so real back then lol
#MakeRaptorsScaryAgain
Why does this look better than the latest films 😂
Atlast a survival games like this!!! Waiting for gameplay 😁because i dont have a pc😂
yes Jurassic PARK and not lame jurassic World
The graphics 😱😱😱
I hope they add dino species that we didn't know were already there on Nublar during the 1993 movie.
0:51 great so we got a nice looking diverse chick. What else ? Any black guys ? Not a good start
Man i was a kid when i saw this at the drive in and when i had my kids i bought the DVDs to share my  childhood wit them and also introduced them to the books now they are grown also so this is like a big nostalgia for us
graphics are dope
نرجو دعم اللغة العربية/ Please support the Arabic language 🌹
So, how did the raptor get out of the cold storage, I seem to remember Tim (pretty much the day before) put the pin in the lock. Did they learn magnetism overnight ?
I'm getting that!!
62 million years in the making … jk but is this possible that canceled game back from 2015??? Watching the hour long iceberg video of jp
At first i thought that it was some movie trailer but , i was not able to identify the difference between movies and the game trailer it was so realistic.
Is that Mia Khalifa or am I tripping?
That last clip in the kitchen had me eating my breath!!! FINALLY!!!!
If the T-Rex and Dilophosaur look that good, just imagine what the Velociraptors look like.  Takes a lot of confidence to show all that and not show them.  This game looks amazing.
Surely the trailer has just given the entire game away as there wasn’t many dinosaurs to have to run from unless it shows others.
So pretty much Friday the 13th?
This looks like a money hungry nostalgically desperate attempt at a game but is actually a joke
Mia Khalifa????
Man, I never expected young Mia Khalifa to have such hairy arms.
Seems pretty interesting JK Park 🦕🦕🦖🦖
The long wait is over!
Whoa, they put Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park!!! better beware cause she can suck those Rexes' bawls dry!!!
Hey! That’s from the movie ! 🍒 🧠
I feel like they should have the main movie as a story mode and a separate adventure for multiplayer and stuff.
Is that Mia khalifa?? 😅😅😅
Ummm was that Mia khalifa?
VR?
I have wanted a Jurassic Park SnowRunner crossover since I started playing SnowRunner.... Is that Saber Interactive attached on the end card?......????
Correct me if I’m wrong, but wasn’t there a cancelled game with this *exact* same title way back in 2001? Is this another attempt at making that same game, or is it just a coincidence? Seems like the latter, since what I read about the planned plot of that game sounds nothing like what this one is giving us.
Alien isolation with dinos
Why did she pull out a flare when the T Rex showed up?  In the first movie it was used as a distraction, don’t really get why it was done here.
Shadefrye
I waited nearly half a lifetime to finally see a JP game like this😭
I'm so excited!
Mia Khalifa vs Jurassic park
Looks like Kathleen Kennedy had something to do with the character we play with....
"Pruh pruh" all you want Raptor. Youre probably the only one left
This game will be lit af
More race swapping. I can't wait for the day when these people FUFO.
Main character look like that one actress my father always seeing on his laptop. 😂
Is that Mia Khalifa?! She's running away from that BBc.
It's not subscription based!!!  😃❤️❤️
Hmmmmm maybe a tombraider like experience?
😯  The velociraptor in the freezer is _FINALLY_ getting a "rest of the story"!!!  😃  (I'd been hoping in the Jurassic World movie they'd show it, but nope)
Why is Mia Khalifa in this game?
Dino crisis feelings 🤌
love it run dinosaur ^^! ......................
The character reminds me of someone famous🤔
Ain't no way that's not Mia Khalifa
That's Dr.Mia Khalifa.
No PS4?
This honestly could be scary as #@&%!
I NEED TO GET THIS NOWWWW
Why is mia khaliffa the protagonist
Trailer is awful, I hope the game is much better on release. Looks like it’s honouring Jurassic Park instead of Jurassic world for once!
Does this mean one day will we get a remake of Dino crisis horror game ?
You had me at “I own an island…”
They really picked Mia khalifa to be the protagonist!? Wild. Anyways, I've been waiting for this game for many years now.  Exciting!
remove the context of it being a game, You'd think this is a movie.
About time, it only took 9000 years 😂. I hope its good!
All the "ALPHA IN-GAME FOOTAGE" part reminds me a lot of Alien Isolation.
The reason must have ps 5
Mia Khalifa is that you?
Will it be like jurassic park the game?
This will stop my Dino Crisis remake dream for a while. Love Jurassic Park
If this game is done correct it'll be amazing
I hope Mia khalifa sues
No te pase esta chido 😱
Please have this as a 2 player co-op/multiplayer. I would like to piss myself with a friend.
WE NEED A RELEASE DATE ASAP
Ohhh myyy, i think i creamed.  I hope the gameplay is like Alien isolation. truly terrifying with an incredible story, which also links to the film.
I wish that the og characters were in this game. Still looks awesome though!
If you complete it, you get invited to a special dinosaur camp on Isla Nublar
Looks awesome, Character has the charisma of a wet sock.... Well done
POV: The people saying the mc looks like Mia khalifa hasn't seen a girl with black hair,black glasses,and skin tone other than one person🔥 /hj
I'd love a game like this that had an open world and some freedom... but honestly based on the trailer and the very little gameplay shown, it looks like an amusement park game that runs on rails.  Which means, every time you play, it's the same thing.  No replayability.  No variation.  You're going to be following a sequential story, forced to run specific paths, some parkour, and you'll probably beat the game from start to finish in 6-8 hours.  Somewhere around hour 5, you're going to finally make radio contact or receive a message of some kind from someone outside the Island who's either going to send a boat or a helicopter, and the next1- 3 hours will be about getting to the rescue craft.  Those getting their hopes up that this will be anything more than what I've described, reading your salty rage reviews is going to be delicious.
That's dope ash
Bro I swear if people hate this game because of the mc's looks then thats just ridiculous,many people look like that 😭
It's just Mia Khalifa in Member berries the game.
FOAMINGNOUT THE MOUTH I NEED THIS.
Mia Khalifa looks a little thin in this video
this looks like crap lmao don't know why's everyone excited.
At last, a Jurassic Park game who make honor to the film.
Mia Khalifa and Dinosaurs. Nice!!
dino crisis but better.. we needed this.
On one hand I couldn't be more excited, but on the other hand if all they do is spend the entire time co-opting the original's glory without offering up anything new that can compare, I'll be sorely disappointed.
Ellie Sattler and Sarah Harding are very well written female protagonists, especially in the books. Thats what makes their feats of heroism believable. So then, who the heck is this chick? Can we not have a mary-sue again plz.. Like, give us the option to play as a dude or a chick.
Yes a black female lead character finally! But I will only be purchasing this if there's transgender dinosaurs
This looks amazing! It's slightly annoying that the main protagonist has obviously been picked by a community of lefties
I wanted a remake of Dino crisis but here we go! This looks good!
Is that everyone's least favourite p0rn star?
Y'all don't even remember the Sega game
When will it release
GOOOOOOOOOOOOSEBUMPS
Why is it Mia Khalifa 😂
The hype is real! Take you time to create something amazing. Don't disappoint us please :D
Dying light Jurassic park version please
Oh clearly they spared no expense on this game
Wow!
is that who i think it is? 🤓
Why the contemporary eyeglasses? Isn't this still supposed to be 1993?
If this seems exciting you, also try ARK! It's a great Dinosaur game.
Saving Mia Khalifa.
I'm going to be devastated when this inevitably gets cancelled or just gets stuck in development hell and never released.
Quite possibly the most woke and annoying main character I’ve ever seen. 110% rooting for the thunder lizards
Mia khalifa 😂
The Jurassic park on genesis is golden.
gameplay consisting of 1 shot of someone jumping in 15 fps, and 2 shots of someone falling over. Great.....where's the rest? Also this whole trailer is just playing on people's nostalgia, every single scene was just a reused version of an old scene from the films.
So basically Alien isolation but on earth and with dinosaurs not aliens ??? HELL YEAH LETS GOOOOO
Mia, is that you?
It's high time now!!
It's been a long time since I've been this excited for a game to come out
Always remember: the original story of Jurassic Park was a horror.
So there was 3 raptors in JP?
SO MANY things in that kitchen to throw, and she throws her only flashlight?
We need this but a shooter/survival version.  I think alot hated alien isolation for not allowing us to shoot the xenomorph..  Hoping this isnt the same.
This is gaming 🚬 Mia Khalifa vs Dinosaurs
90% pre rendered footage 10% in game- not enough!
YES YES YES !!!! This seems like the ultimate missed opportunity they have finally picked up!!
And just took a lot of survival dinossaur games and 2 boring oficial games to actually make one game with this gameplay.
I never thought this day would come🥲
I'm glad Mia Khalifa did get a real acting job this time.
Indian(a) Lara Croft in Jurassic Park survival game. I'm in.
PS4 Please, NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Where’s the gaming beaver
I am almost in tears.
OMG this is Mia Khalifa
Is that Mia Khalifa? Lol
Is that Claudia Doumit from the boys??
cl13a
Can we get weapons? An drive the jeep with co-op
Any News on the Release?
Someone surviving stranded on Isla Nublar BEFORE CampFam?! I'm not usually one for survival horror, but I'mma make an exception!
We need a Turok reboot!!
I really hope this feels similar to Alien Isolation, the best horror survival game ever made to date.
YES, YES, YES. FINALLY !!! This is how Jurassic Park videogames need to be.  ..and that girl looks like Mia Khalifa a bit.
Still milking
THIS LOOKS AMAZING. MY INNER CHILD IS SCREAMING AND MY ADULT SIDE IS SO EXCITED.
Man that thumbnail was packing. Ight
Skip
I hope it's in the same vein as Alien Isolation. I was just talking to my wife about how awesome a Jurassic Park game would be like that.
Jeff Goldblums daughter.
They even remembered to inlcude Alan Grants hat left by the Tyranosaur habitat. Good detail.
Finally! The game we’ve all actually wanted since 93! ❤️
Is this Mia Khalifas likeness? 👀
WHOA!! This Jurassic Park channel has been an absolute gem as of late! I’m VERY, VERY intrigued! This is a game I didn’t know I wanted, but I’m glad to see this being done. This could be straight up amazing if done right! Thank you Jurassic Park for all the memories of old and, now, I look forward to new memories with this! Like I’m truly excited for this! And it’s first person for maximum immersion!
Why does it look like the main character has been made to look like Jeff Goldblum's daughter?
I cant believe it took this long to make exactly what the fffffff we have all been cravin for decades now!!
Gameplay looks phenomenal
No no no no!  I wanted the T-Rex to eat the human too stupid to get off the island.
When did Dina fron TLoU2 get to Jurassic park?
just like the movie, except fixed with #DIVERSITY 😂
а ЧТО ЖЕНСТВЕНОГО В ГЕРОИНЕ?  ПОКАЖИТЕ ФОТО ЧЕЛОВЕКА КАТОРЫЙ ПРИДУМАЛ СЦЕНАРИЙ И ГЛАВНОГО ГЕРОЯ!
Mia Khalifa's new role. Jurassic adventures...
This Game is gonna be interesting. People have been wanting a Jurassic Park Game like this for years on end so will it flop or will it succeed expectations? Either way I need to make my way to GAME to Pre-Order this.
SPECIES I hope I see in this game.   *1. Tyrannosaurus Rex Confirmed* 2. Brachiosaurus  *3. Velociraptor Confirmed* *4. Dilophosaurus Confirmed* 5. Parasaurolophus  *6. Gallimimus Confirmed* 7. Maiasaura  8. Hadrosaurus  9. Harrerasaurus  10. Proceratosaurus  11. Segisaurus  12. Baryonyx-JP Version  13. Metriacanthosaurus  14. Tylosaurus  15. Euplocephalus  16. Hoplitosaurus  17. Ceradactylus 18. Nanosaurus  19. Dryosaurus  20. Troodon  21. Apatosaurus-JP Version  22. Pteranodon-1997 Version 23. Stegosaurus   It would be interesting to see the species in an area of the park that no one is allowed to see.
Put a women in it and make her GAY
Those 2300 people who dislike this trailer they're kids 😂
Cant wait to play as mia khalifa. Will be a bang of a game.
Why don’t they always call is Jurassic park? It was that franchise that made it what it was today not Jurassic world.
I just love the fact that they payed respect to the original movies, with all those references presented. From hiding in the kitchen to the whole flare scene with the TRex. Big F.
So basically the Dino Crisis we never got. Looks good to me.
Indian Mia Khalifa 😮😮😮
Tattaa tattaan taata taata taan taataa ta taan tadataan.. 🦕
The game I've been waiting my whole life to play
Broo that rex is beautiful
Mia Khalifa is great even in horror movies
Does Kathleen Kennedy is involved in this ?
No ps4 😢
Why does the main Character look exactly just like Mia Khalifa, or am I nuts?
This looks awesome, reminds me of Alien Isolation.
Adding Mia Kahlifa as the protagonist in an interesting move..
More like Outlast 4 : Jurassic Park
I’m calling game of the year when it’s out
I just get dino crisis vibes and that game scared the crap outta of me in my youth back in the PS1 days lol
Why does the main look like an activist... I'm sorta hoping it's like Tomb Raider where she dies a bunch of ways lol
I already knew there was a continuation after the film is finish because this time is in the video-game version. 🤯🤯💯💯👍👏👏
Always wished for a game like this. Incredible
At least 5 million copies will sold, its literally all kids of 90 2000s we wanted and never was
https://youtu.be/X_IdBs2WbIA?si=LePfsqKQFV4aOvwV
we need survival with dino"s like ARK - better than ARK
I'll wait for it for the PS6
FPS? No thank you.
Is that Mia kalifa
Yo Ark 2 finally dropping! But hey, where's vin diesel 😅
I can't wait to see how they reconcile how this girl was never mentioned in the movie. But otherwise, I am excited to see if this game captures the horror of the original novel.
It took places between during after original Jurassic Park events and before Jurassic Park: game events too
OMG THE LIL EASTER EGG THEY THREW IN THERE FROM THE ONE RAPTOR LIVING BEING TRAPPED IN THE FREEZER
I love see Mia Khalifa in action again
this game is gonna have minecraft graphics
I love Mia Khalifa 😍
Oh my gosh oh my gosh ❤😊😊😊😊
Didn't expect Mia Khalifa to end up in Jurassic Park 😂😂😂😂
HELL YES! That's the type of game I have been waiting for for decades!
Wow I love the rain theme looks so good
Jurassic Park Trespasser but promising!
Inwonder if the game will have something similar to alien isolation AI. Would be cool
Next killer anouncment in dbd
I thought this was a new movie at the start coz the graphics 😂
I want to be a Dino🦕🦖
is it just me or did anyone else think that was Mia Khalifa ?
Real excited to play as my hero Mia Khalifa!
This will DEFINITELY fill the void of Alien Isolation 2 😍
Atlast❤
is that mia khalifa
FINALY!!!! Immediately buying this when it comes out
Can I play as a dude?
I don’t know if they just wanted to go the safe route and just did a direct copy paste from the movie for the trailer but it was very corny and none creatively original 😅 good news bad news who knows, but lately with all the game hyping and just how games are made on a corporate level model now quick cash grabs and franchise husking the marquee pretty bad, gimme a single player game any day, usually if it’s some kinda online game it’s crap or fails
Looks amazing
Wow, not the game traile,  but wow the amount of bots in the comments 😮 Sheesh. Aside from that it does look cool.
Why do we have to play as a woman
Finally! A survival horror JP game. I've been waiting so long for this.
So... Is there a reason we're not playing as Alan Grant when this fanfic self insert character is reenacting every one of Alan's scenes from the movie?
Getting this game once it comes out
Another race swap lmao. Keep going please.
Please be as good as Alien Isolation, but with dinosaurs
It's what we all asked for, Alien: Isolation, but with JP dinos. No more, no less. Actually really excited for this.
I'm hoping for  different death scenes when I fail to survive. Otherwise this game will be dissapointing or some type of Hardcore mode.
The game we’ve always been asking for ❤
Dr. Mario Yoshi?
Look like mia khalifa🤔
I get they are doing callbacks, but it literally makes NO sense for her to light that flare LOL.  Malcolm did that to distract the T-Rex... She's doing it to draw attention to herself?? LOL, that's pretty dumb, but I am excited for the game tho...
Having 'Dino Crisis' flashbacks.  First game I played after hooking a sound system up to my TV.  There was an early moment involving a certain thunder lizard that nearly made me poop muh pants.  Screamed in my loveliest falsetto and cracked my girlfriend up.  Neither one of us could breathe for a minute there.  😱💩🦖
Possibly the most member berries I've ever seen in a game trailer, but it was well done
Love the cold storage fridge reference from the book 😊
Is this being made in India or something?
Mia Califa???
Yeah.... I'm not falling for your obvious hype train that you're trying to make. There are too many scams in gaming these days. The Day Before sound familiar to anyone? What little gameplay footage you showed in this trailer seemed to run like hot garbage and at best was running at 15fps and stuttery. This looks like yet another Unreal Engine 5 game that was quickly slapped together and will be almost unplayable on release.
Im super excited, but i was still looking for something along the lines of the independently made JP Operations or Trespasser where i can actually fight back with weapons
It’d be cool if they incorporated some of the ideas of the ride into this game.
Why are these movie game trailers showing gameplay at 15 fps 720p in 2023? 🤦🏾‍♂️
And a strong, racially diverse female lead too!  Who could have seen that coming.
Bet new dbd killer
Glad to see Mia Califa getting new work opportunities :}
I hope there are dinosaurs!
This looks fun af.  I NEED this
What i wish Ark was when I first bought it 😂
This look like trash. Your bot army cant hide that.
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay
MIA !!!
Este juego me va a llevar a la infancia esperemos la fecha de salida ❤
I've been wanting a dinosaur Survival Horror game forever!!! I hope the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is top quality. Every Jurassic Park game in the past has been half assed and extremely cheaply made. I really want this game to be a HUGE success! I really hope I'm not disappointed. I'm a huge JP fan.
Boa noite, vim aqui dizer que só o amor de Deus pode preencher nosso vazio. Só falem com Ele
This is so unrealistic. Mia Khalifa would never survive Jurassic park…
The trailer is pretty cool, isn't it? But I can't get excited because it doesn't show the gamelay, it's just a video presentation trailer. It promises of course, but I can't create expectations.
Dayum 😮
This gives me Alien Isolation vibes, and I'm all for it!
Hell yeah
I love the amount of reference and Easter eggs, brings back good time of Jurassic Park franchise when it was a horror movie instead of action movie
That's a Jurassic Park game we were asking for! Bring it to me!
Awesome game. I can't wait to play this fabulous game 😊🎉
Please tell me we get to choose our character, I’ve had enough of her even after a 2 minute trailer
I can't believe they got Mia Khalifa as the model for the main character. This game is gonna be awesome!
Looks good. Hope this turns out fun.
Yo... is that mia?
I’m so excited for this an looks like an alien isolation but Jurassic Park.
This is how my brain saw "Trespasser" all those years ago
Welcome back to Jurassic Park guys!!! This is the game I’ve been waiting for this since 98 I don’t even care about GTA six at this point! I pray this is open world and VR compatible!!
Hope they did this game right, we have been waiting game like this since the first movie came out
Put a chick in it make her gay and lame.
Sweet jesus
Sick of wahmen POC protagonists, but make this game good and I’m sold.
This will be cool with guns
No one’s gonna say who she looks like Ahha
Why does the character look like she is gonna order a frappuccino at Starbucks and lecture us about pronouns?
Always wanted to play a Jurassic park horror survival game as Mia khalifa
The misspelled Dino Crisis
Pandaverse
Mia Khalifa?!
Why Mia Khalifa is in this video game 😂
Watch me try and RKO and T Rex in this game
Glad to see that this looks like it takes place immediately after the events of the first film, adding to lore. So excited!
Game looks fun, main character looks so unbelievably dumb
When I was younger, I’m pretty sure I played a Lego version of the game so it’s definitely cool to see a horror version of it as an older kid if that makes sense
Jesus finally action game 🎯
Dinosaurs Original survival story.  Set in first movie timeline.  Mia Kalifa… In an actual officially licensed game!!
Looks incredible!
Now the real question is does anyone get eaten on the toilet
so there's only one raptor in the game? Alien Isolation style
Mia khalifa is already in games, what a success
Didnt they make this game already about 8 years ago?
shaking my head....no no no no no.....I love it. i cant wait to hate it as my heart jumps from my chest
I need to know who opened the walk-in freezer.  Also, is this going to be an Epic Store exclusive?  Sad days.
As a huge Mia Khalifa fan. This is something I’m eyeing the most to come out, I don’t care how short or long. I can tell I’m going to throughly enjoy this
I feel like this is going to be awful
Of course it's a black woman
When a game would rather be a film 😅
That chick looks like Mia Khalifa hahahhaa
Bring horror back to Jurassic Park
Let’s go finally a “Jurassic Park” horror survival game
I think Jurassic Park Operations was a wake-up call for Universal
ok u lost me at the moment of FIRST PEROSN PERSPECTIVE  ..... WHY .. why ....
This is something I’m going to enjoy playing big time 😍😍😍🔥🔥
I love Jurassic Park and am excited to see what they do here. I hope it's top quality
Yo. This Dr Mia Joshi don't half look like Mia Khalifa 🤔
That was cool. Now show some gameplay please =)
imagine  with playstation vr2
Imagine my childhood dream comes true that somehow Muldoon survived and he appears in this game
Why can’t this be 3rd person
HOOOOOOOLY S**T!
I wish it wasn't in First person 🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️
Dude I need a PS5 … 🔥
ok it's crazy how much she looks like a REAL human !!!!!
"single player"  and for that reason im out
❤❤❤❤❤  basada en la 1 mi preferida
God this looks great
I've been waiting for a game like this hope it's good.
Release?
Hopes it land on stem 😮
Im hyped ngl
i hope they remake dino crisis
Can’t wait for this game brings back so many childhood memories and this game looks amazing 🤩
Getting to play as Mia Khalifa shows the devs know what we want 👏
She looks familiar 😂😂😂
1. OKAYYYYY THIS LOOKS INCREDIBLE the graphics look INSANE, I actually thought it was a live-action person for a bit. I'm so excited for this game, I love first-person games!!!!!! Especially ones that have parkour in it!!!!! 2. Why is everyone calling this woke? 3. I hate how most of us thought the same thing when we saw the main protagonist
The graphics are insane
Mia Khalifa running away from BIG BLACK DINOSAURS
Nah i want a co op i can't play this by myself😂😂
Only had to wait 30 years 🥲
The game looks fine but this is such a shameless cringey trailer. Lifting imagery directly from the original movie and just inserting a random character is just so lazy. If they couldn't show creativity here, I doubt there's very much in the game.
😂I can’t wait to download and play it. Does anybody know when it’s pre-order?
This will do until they reboot Dino Crisis.
Now we get to see the horrors of Jurassic park
Mia Khalifa and Jurassic Park.... A collaboration we never expacted! 😂
Jurassic Park TRESPASSER 1998 PC game vibes anyone?
oh. my. god.
Please give us the BIG RV!!!
looks like MAJOR improvement from that crappy survival/cartooney version that came out like 5 years ago. Also, PLEASE make this like the fanmade Jurassic Park “Operations” looks incredible and all authentic to the movie scenes and buildings
Looks amazing .
I can play this game on ps4?
Great! Now i just wanna see Mia Khalifa getting mated by a dinosaur
Why do they always go to the kitchen?!?!
The Horror in the saga 😊 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> the idea of Collin Trevorrow... :/
Wow Mia khalifa as main character was a good decision.
hopefully not woke. oh wait.
Sitting here watching the trailer and the whole time thinking "Turn the light off, TURN THE LIGHT OFF!!!!"
Yo, im gettin alien isolation vibes , so you know its gonna be good
This GENUINELY hype me up more than the Entire Jurassic World: Dominion Movie! Definitely getting this game
1:54 first person mode, like Biohazard and Village
Starring Mia Khalifa, nice
Needs 3rd Person mode
Dinosaur Isolation
Well that explains the C&D on Jurassic Park Operations. Can't have competition, even from the fans.
please make another film
Wow the franchise has come a long way since the Sega Genesis game I played as a kid.
Mia Khalifa!
Mia?
"turn off the light....turn off the light"
A game seriously ?...
Hehey its an indian protagonist. I feel a little giddy. Game looks very fun too. 😁
This looks incredible. Already got me wanting to play this game without even seeing much gameplay. Thanks for sharing this trailer!
This is so cool😁
Maya's character model is UNREAL. ;)
Wow this looks so intense and thrilling! Graphics look phenomenal as well
Spiritual successor to JP: Trespasser. Very excited.
So many Member-Berries 😂
Daughter of Jeff ? 🙂
This trailer reminds me of alien isolation which I hope it’s gonna be as good or even better than alien isolation 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
finally making the most obvious game that should already exist? better late than never
OMG THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS WAITING FOR!!!
So what im getting at is that its a  Jurassic park version of alien isolation. So its gonna be fuvking lit.
Emphasis on SINGLEplayer 👏 👏 👏 no cringe pvp with sweaty neck beards. Just pure survival fun 👍
No sabía que habían hecho un juego con Mia Khalifa
I am so ready to scream 😱 and cry and sob 🤣
玩起來這一定暴酷
Wait is this voiced by Mia Kalifa
GRANDE MIA KHALIFA
Well..life finds a way..
Very cool, it even has the participation of M. Khalifa 🤓
I'm okay with Mia Khalifa in the game
More woke crap DOA
I was satisfied with the direct follow up to the original movie by Telltale Games so I am curious to see how this will play out.
Finally someone understood how to make a Jurassic park game
Is the age of blonde haired and blue eyed beauties over?? What happened to Dr. Ellie Sattler and Lex Murphy?! Why do I have to play as Indira the random hindi woman here?!?!
Like how you all ripped off the guy making the Fan version survivor game.  Even the trailer starts with the same phrases lol.
With Mia Kalifa as main character, this game will be a bomb!
Why she is hiding from dinosaur with flashlight ON? ........
too woke.
Finally, I am getting my itinerary to Isla Nublar.....
It's like Alien Isolation. I'm so getting this!
Hope it’s not a 1:1 of the first movie, that being said it looks cool and like a lot of care has been put into it, here’s hoping the game is as good as the trailer
I've been imagining a game like this for about 20 years. They finally made one.
5 seconds of scattered gameplay...GTFO
After that bloodlines 2 video game flop, I'm sure this game will cheer me up, I've always wanted to play a game like this.
It seems finally someone got it
I thought I was watching a movie trailer, geez the graphics
mia khalifa? é vc?
So, Alan lost his hat on the T-Rex paddock...
I thought that was Mia Khalifa
Yeah yeah, only because fans were developing better games.
Super excited 🎉
Could be very GOOD as Alien Isolation is Chefs kiss, a simply amazing game if we're not getting a sequel another game in  a similar style is a treat. Not the biggest JP fan but this looks good and the films lend themselves to this type of horror survival game i'm surprised they haven't tried this before but i could be wrong.   I like the protag and the graphics in the brief gameplay segment need a bit of touching up.
Playing as Mia Khalifa will be fun!
Lets hope they spare no expense when making this game!! Looks good for an alpha
The trailer is so silly and shows total lack of imagination. Hoping the game will be actually good.
They hired mia khalifa 😮
Quest 3 please
2023??????
I do not like how this copies the kitchen scene.
Will she be insufferable? Yes or No?
I thought they had Mia Khalifa on there first I was tripping 😂😂
The pre rendered cinematic looked like live action at times!
Thank God they didn't pull a Disney and make it about the sequel franchise nobody liked.
My two favorite things: Dinosaurs and Mia Khalifa!
Imagine this as a game where you have to take care of resources, use them only in the right moments, and then hearing multiple velociraptors in the background… I’m stoked!
Haven’t they already basically made this game
Can we choose a male protagonist?
We’ve come a long way since Turok
0:33 Mia Khalifa????
If it had been Lex or Ellie Sattler then I would have had a connection to it, and it would have been a game worthy of pre-ordering, but I don't know this character, and she's clearly aimed at the Indian gamers market so nah. I might pick it up in a couple of years if I see it for sale under $10 but as it stands I'm not going to get it. Saber have gone to all the trouble of getting the movie licence, and then blown it by using a random unknown foreign character.
Im gonna buy playstation just becuse of this game
First person sucks 😭
Mia Khalifa VS a Gang of Velociraptors 😏
Is that.... Mia Khalifa?🤨
The fan who made their own one of these must be pissed
VR Mode plz !
Please let this be on phone to please
Mia Khalifa doing games now!?!
I can't believe they're making an actual Jurassic Park survival horror game! This looks incredible, the attention to level of detail e.g the Ford Explorer, the Jeep Wrangler, the Dinosaurs. I like the idea of exploring how other characters are fighting for survival during the events of Jurassic Park.  Hopefully this game doesn't disappoint.
Hope to bump into Nedry or his corpse. Good memberberries!
Aaaa really going to get this after i get a ps5
I will be very happy if it was in 3rd person
Can we please have a cameo of a one-armed Ray Arnold with a "motherf** dinosaurs in this motherf** park" monologue?
Why do I feel like I've seen her somewhere before?
wow mia khalifa in jurassic park
Mia Califfa 😂
Stoked!!
Hang In there Glen
Do you think Dr. Alan Grant is gonna make a short cameo or long-term appearance?
Is it just me or this girl has the face of Jeff Goldblum?????
since alien isolation!    what took  you so long ?
Clever girl.........
Wonder if it will have all the famous sites, like the jeep at the bottom of the tree, the smashed hut where the lawyer was sat on the toilet, finding Nedry's cannister!
She’s not going to last long waving that flashlight around…
Thumbnail : GYYYYYAAAAATT
Pass
An utterly lazy effort milking a franchise, with nothing new but nostalgic imagery, they even change skin color to attract dumb teenagers.  Overall 10/10 trash
Fun concept and great use of the IP!
Why Mia Khalifa ???
I like how the raptor in the cold storage still survived even though it's been years since she was trapped in there😂
Hopefully this is live up to expectations much like Avatar : FoP
Android and Nintendo play yes aur no
Mia khali...? Oops
YES RAPTORS ARE COLD BLOODED ANIMALS
I didn’t know Mia Khalifa was in Jurassic Park!
So... Dr. Mia Khalifa was left behind on Isla Nublar... Should be a fun game.
Would it be on steam??
Sold!
I thought it was Mia Khalifa
Wow, so many fresh, inventive ideas! I swear it's almost as if the original was reinvented right before my very eyes! Brave! Bold! All the thumbs pointing upward! I've forgotten 1993 even exists this was so fresh and original!
Call in the guys that made Alien Isolation and you'll easily have next year's first GOTY contender. But in the meantime, NO PRE-ORDERS.
is that...Mia Khalifa?
Time to end bhgraghmin quota
Why yall got Mia Khalifa in here making all the wrong decisions?
Good to see Mia Khalifa ❤🎉😂
Mia Khalifa chased by Trex??
Lex has locked the cold storage door with the pin!
Given that we're shown only five seconds of actual gameplay that look 100% scripted, I'm worried that this is going to be entirely on-rails.
Who wants to get this Jurassic Park game on Christmas!? If you do i guarantee it.
This will be sick on the VR!
i love seeing the return of the jp1 raptors that were locked in the kitchens cold storage
Okay, this makes me believe the freezer raptor got out. If they could figure out how to open doors, it's not that hard to figure out how to unlock one with such a simple locking mechanism.
They played every hit in one trailer.
If this is Jurassic Park meets Alien Isolation, count me in
Could have used a club to knock out the dilo and had a little helper!
Remember that scene where we imagine to get a real game on this 😂
I hope they don't mess this up 😂
ill pass
Aww this is amazing!!! And Rexy at the end was perfect ❤! I wish I had a PS5 so I could get this!!!
The Character Women in this Game Likes Mia Khalifa 😂😂😂
Ooooh so this is why they wanted to shut down jurassic park operations...
I think Jurassic Park: Dino Crisis would be a perfect name
👎 Mannnn…Thought it was a new Jurassic Park movie 🍿 😩.  😖 😂
You did it…you crazy sonuva b you did it.
Epic! Hopefully it will have incredible ai, and can explore the whole island with vehicles, also hope they will have the metricanthosaurus, and other obscure species from the first park. Also sequels during or after the events of the lost world and having the alpha rex from trespasser in it and another sequel based during or after jp3 with the spinosaurus. Also the sequels could have some FPS elements, and maybe even playable species like the rex and the other species.
No thank you, all my childhood fears coming back -_-
I NEED THIS
Aww man can't beleive my eyes, giving me goose bumps, happy to see a Jurassic Park survival game I've been waiting for something like this, the gameplay and graphics look amazing, please give us something soon 🙏🏾
😂
Very nice, but when are you going to create a Jurassic Park game similar to the game The Isle or Path on the Titans? You have so many dinosaurs that it could be a guaranteed success, with different skins and even exclusive skins from the movies, not to mention the maps. (Isla Sorna and Isla Nublar) and the sounds of the dinosaurs. They could also even hold events to promote the movies or series.
The setting is the day after the original movie!?
Lets goooo!
Well it’s about time!!!!!!!
Espera todos los dinosaurios están sueltos, así que Rexy no se murió de hambre todo este tiempo, tuvo suficiente carne de dinosaurio para sobrevivir hasta el día que abrieron Jurassic World
This is basically the closest JP Trespasser is gonna get as a remake, lol
Why does she sound like Lara croft? Why do I hear this is Lara croft instead of Dr Maya. If it's the same actress this will feel as disjointed as spec ops the line (looking at u Nolan North)
we're going back baby!!! we're finally going back to the park!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mia Khalifas first video game appearance!!!
That really brought me back 🥹
wow they put a pornstar in a videogame      mia khalifa
If you gonna make a female lead character at least make her half naked. 'Strong female lead'? No, we want big breasted bimbo...
Mia Khalifa is in the game too. Thats cool.
I got chills when the rex showed up
This would have been such a good moment to make the dilo it’s actually size. Because even in the movie nedry says to the dilo “I thought you were one of your big brothers”. So the huge 10ft dilos were on the island
I've always wanted a jurassic park survival game
Keşke oyunda filmde ki karakterler olsaydı özellikle Alan Grant harika olurdu..
Poor Mia Khalifa's gonna get eaten... Not in the way she's used to.
please please please dont' copy Alien Isolation. A dino game needs CHASES not silly stealth only gameplay.
Mia Khalifa Park
"PARK" - THEY USED PARK INSTEAD OF WORLD
Интересная игра намечается
Ok i need to buy a xbox
This is a gift
How exciting an actual Jurassic park game for once I though it was another upcoming movie the graphs of the game looks so realistic
We need more survival horror dinosaur games
Don’t light the flare, Lara Croft , you’re all alone!!
im getting jurassic park operation vibes from this
That character sure knows her JP tropes!
im interested in seeing the story reason they come up for this person still being alive and where on earth this person was during the events of the film. Showing the raptor still being alive in the freezer tim trapped indicates there really wasnt much time passage going on. another call back that would be cool to witness is arnolds arm somewhere and finding muldoons shotgun that we can pick up and use
So, Dino Crisis but now with all the copyrights.
This gave me goosebumps on my butt cheeks!!!
well im on board
Is not being in Ps4     *NAPOLEON MEME*-
is that Mia Khalifa?
Will it be 1st person?
This looks like Alien Isolation but for Jurassic Park. Bring it!
Spiritual successor to Jurassic Park Trespasser?
You know, the original book was actually a horror book! So to see a Jurassic park horror/survival game is really cool! And I think that a survival horror game with dinosaurs is just a great idea in general!
Mia Khalifa in Jurrasic Park - Nice!
Looks good
STRONG FEMINE !!! FAK
Definitely a money grab.  They did the same thing the first movie did,  kids in the kitchen,  Dino stalking.  Lead up to the Rex with flare
plz add a VR mode for this game TY!
Nice to see that Mia Khalifa is making something of herself.
Finally!!!
I hope its as hard as Alien Isolation
About time
Now this is a JP film I'd see! Wow, can't wait to play it !
I googled "Mia Khalifa gets eaten." how did I end up here?
So this will be like The Force Unleashed 2, but with Jurassic Park instead.
selling nostalgia is not always a good idea.
This is gonna be sweet.
At first I thought it's a movie scene.....  Oh man....what a graphics work
If it's anything like Trespasser: Jurassic Park, I'm in. That game was way ahead of its time and honestly should have been canon.
Feels like I'm 10 years old at universal studios whenever I hear the theme song
Okay, but, hear me out. A JP extraction shooter
It is a long time I haven't dreamed a game and will count the day to run into the store to buy it. Honestly it is AMAZING ❤❤❤❤
Was sollen diese Referenzen zum ersten Teil? Ich hasse sowas 🙄 wird das sone art point and click telltale adventure ding?
65 million years in the making
Mia khalifa 😂
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Im a fan of jurassic  Park since i was 6
look with all the forced female lead characters in current video games, this a red flag for most gamers that this will be full of DEI crap (social segregation based on race and gender). Will this be a good game? nobody knows but alot including me will wait for trusted reviews not paid reviews like IGN before purchasing
Self insert character.  Yup i know it anywhere.
You mean there were THREE raptors the entire time???? If this game takes place after the movie it is implying that the raptor that got stuck in the freezer did not come out until after the Rexy raptor fight at the end of the movie.
We got Mia Khalifa trapped at Jurassic park before gta 6
😮😍Interesting...hope this game is good
1:18 Dinosaur: Hi! Wanna be friends?  Immediately after: Sike sucker! Die!
Oh Lord have mercy let this actually be good
Oh yes when? .... when?......WHENNNNNN?
Please be good please be good please be good please be good please be good 🤞🏻🤞🏻
"remeeeembeeeer" - Member berries
Alien isolation vibes
ya veo un mod para PC que sea de una artista igualita con lentes :3
O my God i miss jurasic park and song from jurrasic park
O my God finally a jurasic horror game this girl look if could be of jeff goldblum daughter she have the same eyes like him 😮😮😮
Mia Kalifa is protagpnista!
JURASSIC PARK RULES
Mia????
Amazing graphics
"Ooh Remember This": The Video Game
So it's Mia Khalifa stuck on an Island full of Dinosaurs, nice.
finally we have a Mia Khalifa dinosaur survival game
Get woke go EXTINCT.
The original Jurassic Park!!! This seems exciting!! It'd be awesome if we have to find our own way off the island!
this feels like what the sequel movie to jurassic park should have been. events after the first movie would have been awesome to see. jp2 is still great but this feels like it should have been in between jp1 and jp2
Oh, yes!❤❤❤❤❤❤
So just another cash grab at Jurassic Park the game, all these 'fans' saying how exciting this is..... replacing Grant Allan with a coloured female hmm I wonder if they are following Disney's formula to flops? At this point you might have just added a guy getting eaten by a Trex in a toilet cause you know member berries...Hard pass for me and I played and loved Dino Crisis, because it was it's own thing, didn't need to use Jurassic Park's formula this should have been it's own unique take on Jurassic Park not a carbon copy... Also this is so 'believable' o_O
Dino Crisis
Remember: don't move, he can't see.
OMG
Ah yes, the diverse strong female who stands unafraid against a towering T-Rex that scared everyone else, but not her! Let me guess, she knows more about dinosaurs than anyone in the world too and does parkour on the weekends
It's pretty cool that Mia Khalifa is the main character
Wow... Excited for the story, left behind on the island..  The details are crazy, that raptor chirping from the kitchen cooler where they trapped it originally...  Nuts.
Is that Mia Khalifa?
How many times are they going to try to earn money on the same old piece of meat?
0:31 *[grunts]* 0:34 squealing/croaking 0:45 *[panting]* 0:51 *[whimpers]* 1:00 *[clatters]* 1:11 soft squeal 1:22 *[squawks, screams]* 1:24 *[music intensifies]* 1:31 *[grunting]* 1:34 *[distant stomping]* 1:36 *[thunder rumbling]* 1:40 *[footsteps approaching]* 1:43 *[growls]* 1:49 cool shot 1:51 *[roars]* 1:55 *[snarling]* 1:56 *[roaring]* 1:58 *[roars, thuds]* 2:01 *[rain pattering]* 2:02 *[thunder crashes]* 2:06 *[snarling]* 2:07 *[barks]*
Este genial, pero siento un leve tufo a inclusión forzada con Mia Califa de protagonista, vean lo que le pasó a Disney con eso OJO, que salga una trabajadora con rasgos latinos es coherente por qué estamos en suramerica pero que salga una mujer de rasgos indúes como Mía Califa ya huele a inclusión forzada
Mia Khalifa as "Main Character" 👀
Jurassic Park: *Plot Armor*
finally now they know one cares about 2D games, that junk goes straight to gamepass
Yessssssssssss
I'm going to need more gameplay footage.  Looks suspiciously like a jump-scare funhouse, walk and look adventure.
Anyone know if it's gonna be a single player game or a co-op game like dead by daylight?
Looks great apart from the character being a hipster chick. Hope that doesn't get old quick with the dialogue.
This looks great can’t wait
put a chick in it and make her gay!
Wow I hada to look back and make sure that wasent a movie trailer I was watching 🤣😍🤣
Two things, where the f is the gameplay and two, I'm actually not even interested. I never was a fan of jurassic park. It was a ok, very original movie, and that's it. The ghost busters game looked really cool though.
She looks like a mix of Goldblum and Irrfan Khan
Imagine If if was vr compatible,  it wpuld be terrifying
When does it come out! Like if you’re excited!👇
It couldn't be "Survive in Jurassic Park"
Just play ARK
Finally
Thos is the next best thing from gta 6 can't wait but I bets its only for pc not console
When to launch? I want to buy this game!
Es pa play 5?
yoooooo lets goo!! looks sick
Yeeaaaassssssssss soo exited!
Dreams really do come true. 🙏🦖
Finally a game of survival instead of just building the park.  I'm looking forward to playing this one and looking forward to capcom releasing Dino crisis as well 🙏
Of course it’s a trailer it better look so realistic and good 😅 however I have skepticism and low hopes with the real deal gameplay 😅
Jurassic Park > Jurassic World
I wanna see some Mr. DNA signs & audio about the dinosaurs we'll see on the Isle. Also some unfinished rides that weren't seen in the film like in the Tell Tales game.
Please god! 🙏 Don't let this game become like Walking dead and The day before. Please make this good.🙏
Mia Khalifa?? 😂😂😂
Mia Khalifa she thought we wouldn’t notice huh
FINALLY !!!!
Gender locked character, no thank you.
Cannot get away with how good this looks
at least the girl is kind of cute and fit, has a normal feminine hairdo and color. like a sane normal girl from the 90's looked like, i know because a was there. hope they don't change it to you know what. that would be anachronistic and sad!!
The makers of Jurassic World must take note from this game. This is what a true Jurassic movie should look and feel like. We need adrenaline pumping survivor movies not highfiveing dinosaur movies.
omg pense que es una peli jajajaa :D
The heck with games THIS should have been the movie after JP 3
Can we play as anyone besides a woke lesbian?
She looks like Mia Khalifa
Hell yeah I think it’s time for me to get back to watching all the movies again
Verry good!!!!! Jurassic Park is much better than jurassic world  !!!!!
Yeah, I'm gonna need to see a lot more of the in-game footage and mechanics before getting this. SO many games have promised a lot and been crap the last 2 years. The Day Before is just the latest pile of garbage.  The fact that you showed about 4 seconds of in-game versus the rest pre-rendered is worrisome
Great I'm gonna need three hands for playing this game. The main protagonist looks like Mia Khalifa!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Dope
1:43 when we are kids exepcting  Jurassic Park game like this awsome trailer waiting for the release going to be epic teaser on 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
My uncle told me you can parry the Trex with the flare.
Fake! Dinosaurs had feathers!
Wow strong independent brown woman protagonist. So inspiring...
The raptor SURVIVED the freezer???!! xD Omg lol! The game looks awesome but it CAN'T seriously be canon!
Main character looks familiar. Mia Khlaf- ohm its ok
I'm going to open a tourist attraction called Neanderthal Park. It will have free entry and a gift shop selling rocks, stones and pebbles.
I want to play for Blue!
Jai Shri Ram 🚩
if this is like dinocrysis ok i can give it a try. what year this story taking you ? 1995?
The fan service is strong with this one.
Keep your expectations low. My guess: this game is gonna suck just like literally any other JP Game before....
So this is why they sent a cease and desist letter to the fan making the JP horror game......
Glad to see Mia khalifa is making content again. I'm in.
‘Put a chick in it and make her gay’
Stop this nostalgic garbage.  Make something new, please.  I mean its the realm of video games and they go back to Jurassic Park, '93?  Really?
Mia kalifah 😂😂
It’s just Mia Khalifa, leave her there
Please have a 3rd person view!
I can feel the magic of John Williams❤
Это просто великолепно!
The only unrealistic thing about this is her glasses not falling off with that amount of rain and running.
I love the Mia Khalifa character! I’m all in.
She is not a clever girl.
Nice movie
Can someone please pay attention to the ominous door at the end. OH WE ARE GOIN TO HAVE A FUN TIME, WHO IS THE NEW MONSTER OR AN OLD ONE ?  IM HYPED Edit : oh sorry I heard the raptor sound behind the door, sorry 😅
Alright great to see a game where mia khalifa is the star
Mia Khalifa vs Dinosaurs
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Looks woke
Great can’t wait to play another “diverse female” in a video game
:D 💙
I want to have a long philosophical argument with Dr Ian Malcolm in this game.
mannnn i thought ts was a movie 🤣
I need some solid gameplay showcased. Good cinematics, but I'm not gonna be sold on a game with just cinematics. Need more.
Looks awesome I just wish they had a more tough girl look instead of a nerdy looking average girl that would probably get eaten in the beginning in real life lol
I thought Mia Khalifa had quit acting? Lovely to see her make a come back 🎉🎉
Today’s generation: cool, dinosaurs Yesterday’a generation: playable nostalgia ❤
Can i play as a straight white male ? Might take a look if i can😁👍
Ain’t no way y’all made Mia Khalifa a paleontologist 😂
Holy sheesh!! Mia Khalif as a playable charcter in a "Jurassic Park" game!!
Mia Kahlifa in a Jurassic Park game...finaly i got my favourite movie actress in my favourite movie franchise
Childhood memories coming back❤..btw what graphics😮
I must ensure my survival for the next 365 days
The authenticity of Jurassic park and alien was thanks to some of the best teams ever put together to make films. So these types of survival games really don't have to re invent the brand, just work really hard to put players into the original world which was perfect then and now.  100 percent getting this.
I’ve always wanted a Jurassic Park game like this!!
Lets wait for the release before getting hyped 😅
Wonder why they casted Mia Khalifa for this. Lol   Hope we can make our one character. Otherwise it is a no go..
Nora Fatehi as Maya Joshi. 😂😂😂 Awesome trailer though..
Yay we get to be a woman
i hope the gameplay is like Alien Isolation but with better AI
Look of Zia.R
Try hiding in a dark room with your light on. Smart ...
yikes, there is a difference between an homage/easter egg and just straight up copying the movie. No original thought in the entire trailer.
Is it me or does  woman look like Mia Khalifa
A Millenia Later: “Lets finally give the fans what they want”
Nah, they didnt take any of this from krenautican at all. Funny how the trailer, even hammonds words, were the same...  yeah ill be playing this, but more hyped for the other.
Looks awesome! Would be cool to choose your own character
Looks pretty good so far. Lets hope the gameplay delivers. And... lets hope its not only about memberberries. The trailer has it written all over. Fan service is fine, but whats more important is to have a game that can stand for its own.
How did Mia Khalifa get on the island???
Let’s just hope it’s not just another story based game where inevitably the same thing will happen regardless of who plays the game.
freaking looks good! can't wait to play it..
Now this is the jurassic park horror game we all need. Playing god in the evolution games has some fun, telltale made a good story in the ps3 game, and a few others have decent ones where we'd fight back with guns but being vulnerable and stealthy is the one thing to make jurassic park a true survival horror game.  Let's do this and play another great survival horror that's on the level of alien isolation and resident evil 7.   Ooh can it have a VR mode too so that it gets the horror to the next level, definitely would elevate the game more by having us feel like we are in the game as well as playing it.
Ok so loved this and I thought it's something new from the franchise adapted into a movie...and now I know it's  a game..but do you guys also feel the JP makers should come up with some movie or a new series about what happened after the park and join the dots ...lemme know how that sounds .
The Gary Busseyosauras
"Not scary sorry" :/
Woke park, easy skip
look like mia Khalifa 🗿
So this is why they cancelled jurassic park operations
Ohhh dis gonna be funnnn!
Dying light + dino crisis.👍👏
This is Doctor Mia Khalifa
Dino crisis
This game looks quality, I really hope this does well.
Nice to see Mia Khalifa is really branching out!
Eyes rolling and facepalming will be the brand new features to get through this survival game successfully (survival against madness). Nice having Mia Khalifa as the main character !
I know Jurassic Park: The Game isnt’t technically cannon but it would be cool if this game provides some sort of reference or Easter egg to it considering both games are set in the aftermath of the first film
Take my money now !!! 😮😍
OMG, it's already another diversity project. "Mia Khalifa and the dinosaurs, she gave an STD."
mia khalifa and jurassic park? never asked for more
Please say it's in VR !!!
We'll see the gameplay if it's good or not
Mia Khalifa?
More like SJWrassic Park
please be co-op, please be co-op
Imagine Dinosaurus were still alive and people kept them as pets  just one of my crazy ideas lol
Hoooo my god !!!! 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
OMG my dream come true! 😀
hopefully this game is on steam!
That is mia khalifa
The raptor lives 🤯
Oh this would be brilliant if some how they add online play
I hope this game is compatible with PSVR 2. Missed opportunity if it isn't. This could be the showcase the PlayStation 5 needs to get people to buy its virtual reality headset.
Kinda looks like an arcade game, just a lot of cutscene shots maybe?
Dang this didn’t even come close to GTA6’s reveal trailer views lol
Yes about time I’m definitely buying this.
But why Mia Khalifa?
YES THIS IS EXACTLY THE KIND OF JURASSIC PARK GAME I WANT! FINALLY NOT PARK BUILDING SIMULATOR BS
we need co-op!
Wow a Jurassic park game that actually isn’t on some roller coaster tycoon BS
Is it just me or she looks like Mia Khalifa?
Yo imma get the game.
So this is what Mia Khalifa is doing now?!
I love how it’s right after dr grant and them left .
Looks like a reboot of the old trespasser game
PLEASE DON'T MESS THIS UP!!!!
I want this game and I can’t wait for it, I hope they can make a third person too.
Let me ride a t-rex and i'm in
Please!!!! Make it survival horror like Alien Isolation !!!!
seems cool but curious how broken it will be on release day
Graphics look crazy hopefully this drops before 2025.
I have been fantasizing about a game like this for a very, very long time, as my dream of the "ultimate" JP game. A modern AAA survival game set in the original park. I never in a million years thought it was actually gonna happen.
Finally, isn't? A proper Jurassic Game thay including some horror.
Stick with me on this: it’s not that the main protagonist being a diverse woman (who’s more than likely a lesbian) will be the reason why this game will be terrible, it’s that the group of activists who produced the game and made all the major decisions and hired all the diverse ‘talent’ (rather than talent on merit) making the game so supremely unplayable, *THAT* will be the reason why this game will be dogshit.
Dr.Sexy
Also das sieht alles schon ziemlich gut aus ;) Bin gespannt auf das spiel .
Main character looks like freggin Mia Khalifa
just recreating scenes from the first movie. how original
I hope the cinematic first half isn't the actual story. Unless you're playing as the exact same characters from the film there's no reason to conveniently have the same adventures. Since this is a new character I should experience new adventures. The nostalgic parts should be wandering into the same locations as the movie characters but not the same action sequence. Like if I were those raptors I may as well camp in the kitchen since these humans keep stumbling into there. Let the food come to you. Or Dilophosaurus just camp at the bottom of the mud slope because all humans slide down that same embankment. Or the T-Rex figures out to just keep chasing the original source of movement not the magical supply of flares every human throws.
What a great game😮
So excited! I understand most of this will be cutscenes but I really hope this game has some form of AI wondering TRex or multiple. Along with a pack of velociraptor. I hope its a really interactive wildlife with a real tense atmosphere, especially at night with different dinosaurs at different times. Areas of the map where they roam. Maybe the character won't be the lady in this trailer but perhaps an engineer and we need to scavenge supplies to keep our safe zone running or build a better radio. I just love the idea of a windy, rainy night, lost in the jungle and hearing the steps of a trex roaming, lit up by flashes of lightning or raptors running through grass. The primal fear of Jurassic Park!
Who else was saying, "Turn the light off. Turn the light off."?
Incrível
YESSS YESSSSSSS FINALLY. A survivalist horror game is what we've been wanting if u ever read the novels they are dark and terrifying imagine being stranded wirh those things. It's about timeee. And that final scene pretty sure this takes place after the first film since Tim locked the raptor in
As to quote a special someone  : "F*ck it, put a chick in there! Make her lame and gay!"
Why does she look like a man?
This is what I’ve been wanting from Jurassic park!!
bruh gameplay footage at 10fps
Alien isolation Jurassic park this is going to be good.
From that breif glimps of gameplay, my prevailing emotion is "meh."
I know they’re probably not gonna do it but i wish it’s rated M for some gore
Mia Khalifa
Why is Mia Khalifa at Jurassic Park?
A Jurassic park game we’ve been waiting for years AND you get to play as Mia Khalifa! Just take my money now!
I hope it has an R rating. It would be the first since the books
Excited! 🦖
Its been a long time since the sound of a velocaraptor sent chills down our spines
Finally no those kiddy building park's for baby games
The references are strong with this one.
alright but why does this look so good
OP BHAI OP
I got one Question, is it only me or looks our Protoganist like Mia Khalifa? Awsome Trailer Looking Forward for more Info. I am Hyped
chick, lame it make and geh
Well, I don't want to play a black woman. I will pass until there is an episode that I can identify to.
Is this why they shut down other bros game? So they could release their own ‘horror’ Jurassic park game??
This trailer was a love letter to fans.
O my, now this is intresting!
Developers: " And then you slap it on a plastic lunch box and you SELL! *banging noises*, you SELL!"
Jurassic Croft - Even comes with a British accent.
Desde niño eh estado esperando este juego
At first I couldn't figure out if the lady was a actual person or cgi.. looks amazing!
Get the Jurassic Park Magic the Gathering cards NOW!
FINALLY!!!!!
Trash if it’s in first person only first person should be a shooting game and i don’t really play those only COD
Omg it would be amazing if you can customize your character!
Oh my gosh! The graphics look absolutely stunning! Its crazy how far video games have comeA
I hope they are already working on a JP Survival 2
https://youtube.com/shorts/cvUovUT1QdY?si=8XKpc7P_jkoTMTSz
This reminds me of Trespasser (1998) on the computer ❤️❤️❤️
U want survival? Come comodo island
But the game so cool i really like it but i need a ps5 or and xbox for that and i am repeating this i like the game it looks so cool😊
I wish it was in mobile and apple pad i donat have a ps5 or and x box
"Is anyone there?"  *Dilophosaurus appears from behind tree*  "I'm here. Do you have a minute to talk about AAMI's award winning home insurance cover?"  *scientist screams*
The plot armour on women of colour these days is incredible. Terrible British accent as well
Make this good so i can stop playing ark please
Bro this mia khalifa?
VR please!
Excellent survival game about Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar is great
FINALLY!
So.....2:10 of non-game footage. But only....5 seconds of REAL game footage. Why? 🤔
This is something I didn't know I needed. And im so happy that it's "Park" rather than "World."
This looks amazing. please let your devs perfect it and not rush it. Also give them raises.
Spared no expense.
These graphics are insane.
why does she look like Mia Khalifa
I’ve never wanted anything more in my life. I KNEW they were gonna do something like this at some point. So happy to finally see it.
Jurassic Park: the dinosaurs are portrayed as wild animal monsters.  Jurassic World: the dinosaurs are characters with personalities with feelings
This looks great, graphics look fantastic
I'm very intrigued to play this game. It kind of reminds me of the Outlast series.
Now this is a legit Jurassic park game I have been waiting for all these years after 'Jurassic park telltale'!🔥🔥🔥
Even if its in the same vain as Outlast, or the like, (I'd LOVE a Dino Crisis remake but...) I'll be happy.. Just please be good
Jurassic park will always be superior!!
THIS IS AMAZING THE POTENTIAL IS OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!
This game can play on pc?
garbage
This better be Canon :)
Looks good up until the actual gameplay 😡
No way in hell am I gonna be able to play this game without crapping myself.
Wow it looks good!
PLEASE TELL US WHEN THIS COMES OUT IT LOOKS SO GOOD!!!
This is why they threatened krenautican.
YES! i get to play as a girl in THIS game too!
she looks like Jeff Goldblum
90s kid nostalgia, smarrt
This looks really good on a first basis, looking forward to seeing more!
"Alien Isolation had Ellen's Ripley daughter. Who are we gonna have?" Producers: "Mia Khalifa, obviously." :D
Least we know that raptor still in freezer 😆
Please make another jurassic park or jurassic world mobile game cuz i love it so much😭
Wow that’s awesome
Woooooooow
Nice
Jurassic park farcry
So, we play as Mia Khalifa running from dinosaurs?
Offbrand Mia Khalifa goes to ruin Jurassic Park with DEI money
Please dont muck it up. Dont be super PG and ask for Dinosaur protection. be more gritty rated R with human deaths EVEN if they are not a VILLAIN. Animals do not discriminate if you are a GOOD or BAD Guy - they would eat you if they have the opportunity. bring that back Please. Also if its like Alien isolation I am for it but make sure the game covers lore and cool parts and not random stuff we dont care about i.e - political leaning stuff. Just make a game that is good and people will buy this tenfold a game about dinos with good graphics gameplay and a non-preachy story is all we want!
HAHA THEY TOOK THE ICONS OUT OF THE ICONIC MOMENTS.
They paid Mia Khalifa lol
Game looks cool and refreshing, but get that cgi bullshit out of game trailers. Shts so decieving
DINO_MITE!
I love that its not a WHITE girl in the game; all of a sudden its a crime to have white people on tv and screens pfft
Can you play as any other character than a women's studies college student?
"is anyone there". Yes... I am here but Im not coming to help.. im too scared. I peed myself.
The girl looks like Mia 😂
Put a chick in it and make her gay!
Mia Calefa & Jurassic Park! Nice. 😂
Looks very fun but im hoping they'll have an option to play in third person
Are people gonna complain this has a female lead as well
I don't get what this game is supposed to be. Survival like Ark? Or survival like Dead by Daylight?
The Game is set one day after the original film! Cool 😎
Hopefully there is character options!
So this story seems to be the setting of "what if there was a survivor left at Isla Nublar when everyone else already left"
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS OMGGGGGG YESSSSSS FINALLY
Why cant this IP die already
this is amazing a jurassic park survival horror game plssss addd troodon pectinodon,herrerasaurus and tylosaurus from jurassic park the game (2011)
For every Jurassic fan out there thats bin praying for a survival game  Is this it?! ❤
This looks fantastic!
This is the Dino Crisis remake I wanted 😳
Sii joder, siiii 👍  Viva el parqué Jurásico👏
I feel the timing is off for this. Like the others escaped during the day and after the storm. This is taking place at night during a storm. So I'm interested in when this actually takes place. If it happens after they leave, that raptor would have long been dead since it is now night time and it has been trapped in a 0°F freezer for hours. Should still be a blast if done right. Look forward to learning more.
Well, now we know what became of Dr. Grant's first hat. 😜
Im preying its like alien isolation but i know it will be point an click
That girl looks like mia khalifah
Hold onto your butts!!!!
It is your own fault Girl. If you did not shoot your "Sexy Time" Video in the Basement. You would have not Missed the Boat.
Looks rly lame !!
Spielt mit einer Frau nein Danke !!!👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
coop????
This is the closest we get to Dino Crisis remake. But this one is the original tho.
Será que vai ter opção de jogar apenas com Mia Khalifa ou terá outros personagens tb.
finally 30 years later.
Oh hell yes!!!! ❤
"single-player action-adventure" I hope they don't waste it into a uncharted tier type of game... People want an alien isolation / Dino Crisis spiritual successor. If it just turns into a cinematic rail shooter i'm gonna be pissed for the wasted potential
multiplayer?
I like the idea, but needs to se more serious gameplay.
This reminds me of alot of that Jurassic Park Telltale game from years ago before on Xbox 360 this is so unexpected to my surprise to seeing this trailer
“Put a chick in it: make her gay.” LOL
Pitch Meeting "It's Mia Khalifa in Juras-" , "SOLD"
cloest thing we gonna get Dino crisis
Reminds me of the Trespasser game, finally updated with modern tech 😊 This looks fun
How they make a Jurassic Game before they remake Turok? The Gaming industry always drop the ball with perfect opportunities.
Well, it’s about time!!!!🥳
This looks so amazing! Basically the Jurassic Park version of Rouge One, but in reverse!
I feel like this could have been released 10 years ago but i don't know.
Wait, wait, wait.  This is a Jurassic Park game where you don't build boring amusment parks? No way!
god
Oh my god!!! This is gonna be a heck of a game!! Cannot wait for this. 😊
Man, if they pull this off anything like Alien: Isolation, this will be a brilliant game!
Looks awesome this is the Jurassic park game me and many other people have been waiting for
Holy crap! I've literally had this idea for a Jurassic Park game for over a decade; can't believe we're finally getting it!!
All it needs is a floppy arm and boob health bar, and we have potential Game of the Year material.
I hope that this game will immediately make a mod to change race and gender to a white man, and not it's unclear what.
So this girl ohviously missed the boat too.
Looks epic jurassic world
This is the game i wanted in the 90s
Goddamn I love this. Any word on the protag? Is she just some lady from accounting who got left behind because she’s not related to Hammond?
this looks great imo, but i think i'd be too scared to play it myself tbh. will have to watch others play
I’ve wanted this since 1993!
Why are we forced to play as Mia Khalifa?
I hope there will be an option for 3rd person, that would be excellent!
Literally my worst nightmare
When does this come out?
Oh yeah Mia khalifa my fave 😍
Do you think there are gonna have normal human enemies?
Do you think Spinosaurus dinosaur is gonna show up or make an appearance in this first film video-game sequel?
Well this wasn't in the job description. ❤
Yaay, a diverse woman!!
Mia khalifa?
As a huge Dino fan. This is something I’m eyeing the most to come out, I don’t care how short or long. I can tell I’m going to throughly enjoy this
Mia Khalifa I didn't know you worked at Jurassic Park? There must be alot of BBC there.
So, is this the part where we pretend this is anything but another franchise giving the ESG-types a mustache ride? 💩💩💩💩
I look forward to seeing more of this! 😊
I might just get a ps5 because of this
This has decent potential
Looks great and even better with all conservatives crying in the comments because a woman is shown in the trailer
Includes shitty woke
So this is why they dmca’d Jurassic Park operations.
I never knew we would have Camila Cabello In Jurassic Park!!
This will be fun. Slightly a bit like TombRaider vibe.
Put a diverse chick in it, make her lame
Take all of my money! I want the "Life Finds a Way" edition.
I don’t remember this Mia Khalifa video..
Is this real?
jurassic woke survival
As others have already said, if this is going to be like Alien Isolation, then this could turn out really good. I'm going to keep tabs on this. I haven't played any Jurassic Park game since the SNES and Sega Genesis era. So I hope this turns out well enough for me to be willing to play it. I hope it will be VR compatible, too.
I wait patiently now with any game, hope its not another let down like so many others, that being said trailer was fantastic. (Sips coffee, moves on with life)
co z twarza tej kobiety jest nie tak 09.12.2023
This trailer looks so sick!!!!
Aquí los que pensaron que era un peli
Jurassic park that i know
dude, this looks awesome. Love that is has that feel of the original movie to it.
This could work.
Oh look another strong woman. 🙄 Most likely another woke disaster.
Cgi mia kahlifa running from dinosaurs 😂
Crying out for PSVR2!!!
I am definitely excited for this!!! I wonder if there will be a worthy collectors edition too.
coop pls.
YES! WHAT WE HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR!
Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark...
I have been waiting for a survival horror Jurassic Park game for years. I'm excited!! Hope it's good!!🙏
This could be incredible. Hope they nail it, such a great concept I can’t believe it’s take. This long
i cant believe they copyright a good fangame and take their idea
Gayyyyyyyy
Why does she look like Mia Khalifa though?
The trailer graphics are amazing
Please....it's about time
Incredible! 😱
Why she looks like Mia Khalifa?
Why is the protagonist so ugly? Why is it mandated to make the protagonist so ugly to the point where it doesn’t make sense. Is it too hard to add a normal looking person?
I want a game where your a baby dinosaur that grows and gets stronger in a prehistoric setting
If this is good I may no longer be asking Capcom for a Dino Crisis remake.
Please consider making a VR version that is a rail shooter similar to Jurassic Park arcade I think it will sell great on PS5 VR2 with a story mode and multiplayer horde mode https://youtu.be/ZXZOw0lwnKI?si=kDs2IfkhgLZhukgo
Literally so unexpected but finally
Obvio lo juego , Jurassic park x Mia khalifa
Wow who would have guessed Mia Khalifa would be in a Jurassic Park game
Hm
Finally where was this back then man lol
Life…finds a way.
graphics actually look fairly nice
Mia khalifa in a video game?
thought this was a movie
Mia Kalifah?
If you want the REAL JURASSIC PARK. JUST MOVE TO FLORIDA.
I’ve been waiting for this for years🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
So Subnautica and Jurassic Park had a baby?
Meh
I really thought it was a film but confused why actress looked so unreal in her movements. It was the second time I realized it's a game.
I loooove 😍
Why is Mia Khalifa working in Jurassic Park?
Take my money ❤
This better be better than DINO CRISIS 2
If anyone can escape the park, it's definitely Mia Khalifa.
It's an actual sequel to the first movie !!!
Hopefully if this game is successful we can finally get a Dino Crisis remake everyone desperately wants!
"Spare no expense"
Put a chick in it and make it gay!
Yes! Another opportunity to play as an ethnically diverse female. I love how every western game forces me to play as one now!
If 6 kids could last 6 months on this island alone, I think she got this!
Take my money.
They've finally clocked that noone likes jurassic world
Solo espero que no sea como el Evolution que lo odié 😂😂😂
Mia Khalifa in Alien: Isolation?! Now that's really a good game! 🤣
OGs that did play the old games(I didn’t😭) would say, “FINALLY, a new survival horror game of Jurassic Park for the first time in years.”
It's amazing how much of an impact Velociraptors can have without actually being shown. Truly the most dangerous creatures in Jurassic Park.
In vr please.....is that mia Khalifa 😅😮
TheGamingBeaver + This game = A Chaotic Disaster 😂
I have not done VR gaming yet..this could be my first experience...
ethnically diverse girl power with dinosaurs the game
I've watch all the Jurassic Park and World movies and played the Jurassic Park game on the NES so I'm pretty familiar with the franchise. I'm just curious how the gameplay is gonna look though. I like the cinematics in this since I like dinosaurs like a lot of people but I wanna see some gameplay hopefully on the next trailer.
Long as there’s absolutely zero white people in this game I’ll love it! (Sarcasm)
I lowkey got Jurassic Park The Game vibes.... I'm really excited for this and to game.
Someone please look up Deathground. It's pretty much the same thing, and was supposed to be called Jurassic Park but they wouldn't allow them to name it that.
Mia Khalifa. Interesting choice.
ive been waiting for this game for years
Is that Mia khalifa? 0:34
This is THE Jurassic Park game we've always wanted. I'm actually glad it took this long to come out so that the graphics could compete with 30 year old movie, which is still the best looking one to date
If you can't play as a dude I'm not buying it!
Alien; Isolation but Jurassic Park? Hell yeah
This one minute trailer alone was a lot more like the book than the original movie ever was. The book was just complete horror.
This breaks my heart because I've been waiting for this my whole life but I don't play games with female characters. Im sad AF. Should have done a custom character game ☹️
The first Jurassic movie was so good, that I refused to watch the sequels cause I knew the storyline would be butchered…. But THIS looks f*n amazing 👌
Can already tell it will suck
Imagine how fun this will be in VR
Mia Kalifa ???
This looks Amazing HOLY COW!!!
Quite the thumbnail pic lol but like ppl are saying "I can't wait" it looks insanely awesome 😎💯
When is this releasing??? Looks good!
Ballbags no switch
Are they pandering enough, though?
Cool now make Capcom do a Dino crisis 1 remake
Now the question I have is, will there be any combat or will it just be running like Outlast? Either way I hope this convices Capcom to remake Dino Crisis as well!
i've been waiting for this for a long time... don't disappoint me... we need more (good) dinosaur games
This trailer is garbage
You better be able to be eaten off a toilet by a T-Rex.
🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖🦖
Majority want to play this game!!! They answered my ever burning question. What happened to the raptor in the freezer!
Looks like fun. It reminded me of how great the original one is.
sick, Jurassic park and survival horror would fit really well
The trailer looks fantastic, maybe it sells well and inspire Universal for a new Jurassic Park movie that take place in the 1990s.
Seems like Game Developers still have not understood, that people are interested in playing the dinosaurs not the pityful humans having to run from them...
“Put a diverse woman in it make it lame”  “Make her gay and lame” 😂
Yes. Simply, yes
Good way to have a heart attack. Wonder how many people will fear quit
Good choice getting Mia Khalifa as the protagonist.
This Looks and feels very much Like the movie, awesome I Hope it keeps up to the promise
If I'd seen this trailer back when the first one was released, I'd be more than blown away by the graphics!
I would prefer a game where I get to love and care for dinosaurs in some sort of farm simulation.
Can we please have a Camp Cretaceous version of the game, where we are like the 7th camper kid?
No weapons, not gunnig done raptors left and right this seems to be the jurassic park game i ever wanted.
When does this come out.
Can't wait I hope the levels are long
Did they give Rexy a slight redesign? It looks like she has a osteoderm "crown", which is pretty cool.
I was hoping for an Alien Isolation type of Jurassic Park game. Looks like Im getting one.
This on PSVR2!!!!
So freaking hyped!!!!!!!!!! Now Capcom know that have cause to bring back dino crisis
Please, let it be like Alien: Isolation!
What is Mia doing in a Jurassic park video game
Der Vorab Trailer sieht schon mal ganz nett aus ! Doch zu wenig Spielabschnitte um sich ein Bild zu machen... Wird das Game nir in VR angeboten ???
Wish they’d used actual dilophosaurus, rather than the movie one. Could of said the movie one was a baby.
I really love the trailer and i'm shure it'll be a very nice game but i'd wish the trex to be the original design from 1993 🦖🦖🦖
This is all i wanted as a huge Jurassic park fan since 1993!! Jurassic park and survival horror!...My PS5 is ready!🦖🦕
Wish it would be for ps4 too.. for me not worth upgrade to ps5 bec I dont play that much....
Now this a chance to play a bealtifull game, thats really jurassic park, not a farmer game like the one before it, i don't want to farm dinos, i want to survive them.
I remember playing trespasser finally a game similar!
Put a chick in it and maker her gay and lame
Dumb Decisions: The Game
this looks incredible - its a dream of mine to be in this world!! hope the devs get enough time from the publishers to pull this off - no need to rush it!!!
A Jurassic Game I’ve been waiting for!
Mia Khalifa goes to Juassic Park?!😮
I have a feeling this won’t be multiplayer
Waiting for this so many years
See I was always expecting something like this to be done with the movie sequels..it could have been a good story
Can’t wait to dodge raptors as MIA Kalifa
Didn't know Mia Khalifa would be in this game
NICE GAME IN 2024
Maybe it took this long because there was not the tech to honor their vision/concept? Idk, im not a fan of horror game but you guys have a party 🥳🎉 would be trilled if I ever was a fan of the genre, you guys have fun with this one :)
is that mia khalifa?
Wish they would use a real dilophosaurus. That thing was absolutely terrifying in real life.
They did it, those crazy sons of bitches did it.
omfg
So its just a replacement of white characters with minorities?
I hope this is like alien insolation, doing tribute to their original movies  on which they are based
I guess Dinocrisis fans have somthing to chew on now.
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic park??
I just wish the trailer showed some actual gameplay footage. All of this was cut scenes. I love a good survival game and I can't wait to see where this goes.
Of course it's a diverse female.  Lol.
😅 why did they go woke just stop 😆
this is the type jurassic park game we been waiting for.
What we all been waiting for forever ago. So it says the story of this game takes place the day after the events of the 1993 original Jurassic park movie. Your scientist dr. Maya Joshi who was unable to evacuate Isla Nublar. This could be it guys. From what I’ve read it sounds perfect
I dont wanna be that guy.   But it doesnt take a long time to see why they went with a female lead whos a poc. Maybe its just a design choice idk. But until its out and confirmed to not be woke i cant really get excited for this.  But it looks great
Wait a second........Velociraptor inside of cold storage..........HOW DID THAT VELOCIRAPTOR MANAGE TO SURVIVE LIKE 30 YEARS INSIDE OF A FREEZER ROOM
Mia Kalifa?
Otra vez con la P🤬ta inclusión forzosa !!! De protagonista una mujer !! Pues un comprador menos !
Mia khalifa?? 🤨
I love it!!!!
Honestly, I had that idea about when supposedly everybody evacuated... You'll think at least one person was left behind and now would this person be able to survive the horror of all the dinosaurs on the loose and no guns.
I thought for a moment that was Mia Khalifa
this game will 5$ after nobody plays it ... when will you devs learn single player survival games are trash without co op ..... for fcks sake wake up its 2024 almost and you still dont have a grasp on what people actually like and play. Play this game once or watch one stream and you have seen everything it has to offer so dumb but ium not shocked with how bad gaming is right now
Need thiss
Cater to the demographic who actually play these games and you'll succeed. They're not interested in playing as an ethnically diverse woman. By all means, have her as an option for people who do, but the bulk of your audience don't.
"Pre-Rendered Footage" Yeah I bet they are hiding the gameplay graphics for a reason. Most likely a bad one.
Porque han puesto a Mia Khalifa de protagonista...?A caso habrá que matar a los dinosaurios a base de polvos?Este va a ser un juego de zoofilia
If it’s anything like Alien Isolation, I’ll be very happy.
Why can’t they have a White person? Forced diversity again
Por fin! Tenemos a Mia Khalifa en un juego!
Finally something resembling a sequel to Alien Isolation
OMG someone please tell me that this is real 😮
Mia Khalifa!
Not the dino crisis we need but it’ll do
Jurrasic World: Bollywood
Can you play as a different character?
Looks corny and forced.
When I heard that Capcom would announce a new big game I thought it probably will be Re Veronica remake (it was not) but secretly hoped for a surprise comeback of Dino Crisis. Well, I sorta got my Dino Crisis. Just not from Capcom. And I'm happy 😊
Not the kind of character I want to play
THE RAPTOR IN THE FREEZER AT THE END OPENED IT WHAT A BOSS U THIUGHT IT DIED ALL THESE YEARS
Why is Mia Khalifa lost ?
Could be the game to buy a PS5 for. Love JP.
I'm pretty sure the main reason the couldn't do World is because of Camp Cretaceous. But, hey big W for us Park fans.
Is that a knockoff Mia Khalifa??
I like how she is facing one predator after another and still manage to escape every one of them 😂 seems so legit
Cool but the rexy face model should be the OG one not the one from JW
0:47 i see Mia Khalifa !
A great alternative while waiting for Dino Crisis
Just watched Jurassic park for about 200th time last night. This looks like a real fan service, looks incredible.
Never thought Mia Khalifa would fit this franchise well.
This looks sooooo cool.
Play as Mia khalfia?
Well seeing how I can never play the telltale version I'm hoping i get to play this one
wow,who made this work of art
I thought this would be something like Dead by Daylight.
Alright stoked!
If this could be the next Alien Isolation, I'll die a happy man.
The trailer is a rip off of the first film and seems fake.
Is that the voice actress for Lara Croft?
I wonder if there'll be any easter eggs to the 2011 TellTale game, since they have alot in common
This gives me vibes of Alien Isolation, except they replaced claustrophobia of the space station with agorophobia of being surrounded in a jungle.
I was litteraly just thinking that it would have been cool to have Jurrasic Oarksurvival horrir game and boom. Take my money
Clever girl
This looks absolutely amazing.  Jurassic Park was my favourite movie as a kid and I loved Dino Crisis on PS1.
I feel like this is gona be disastrous failure and nothing gona be like what they showed and yet jurassic park name is so strong for me, Im hyped
Finally. Omosh why did this take so long.
Cool concept for a game, but the trailer was nothing but a string of cheesy callbacks
Cant believe it has taken this long to get a game like this from Jurassic Park.  Can't wait!
Woke game : in the future all characters will be blacks ...boycott or watch the film awaiting a game about vikings, blacks too again
Shut up and take my money!!
Screw gta6 this is what I've been waiting for for the last 20years
Kiedy ona wyjdzie??????(:
Nice
Mia kalifa is in a video game?!
Did anyone else say to themselves "turn the light off!" ??
Dondi's Dilo is here to cause panic
It seems like the studios are finally listening to what old school fans have been asking for years now ! It looks promising !🦖💯
I love that main focus was on dilophosaur, my favorite dino from original movie.
Finalmente ❤ ma rivoglio dino crisis
Is this a freeroam or the one like the first game
Did anyone notice that she went through the back end of the gates, when she should really be coming in through the front, because she was just in the visitors centre ?
Yes, a thousand times yes! For years ive been waiting for a new trespasser kind of game but actually good. This has insane potential. Making it jp instead of jw ist a great idea and makes it way mir misterious.
I got ti buy a console, leave my family alone e start a new life. 40 y.o , I could have had more time ten years ago! And you make a game like this now ?!!! Men ! C’mon!
im ready
Love it 🔥
Jurassic Park isolation!! OMG, take my money!
Jurassic Park Mia Khalifa édition
So, alien isolation, but, on the island full of dinos  Nice
Jurassic Park Trespasser is better
So basically Mia Khalifa trying to survive a night in Jurassic Park?
Anything Amblin Entertainment touches turns into gold. I love it
That chirping from the dilpho gives me as much shivers as the facehuggers from alien
Did they just turn Jeff Goldblum into an Indian girl? 😭😭
Finally after years, they returned to that old project JP: SURVIVAL from ps2, is good to see an old cancelled friend returning🎉
So they create exactly as the scene once was in the movie.. but they race swap?
That’s Mia Khalifa! You cannot convince me otherwise.
Finally!! I've been waiting on a jurassic park game like this since the 1993 sega megadrive version!
¿¿¿La doctora Mario Yoshi???
Was just watching Mia kalifa lastnight.
We need it for the switch!! 😭
I must be the only one to see this as a piss poor attempt at nostalgia baiting
Jurassic Park, not World ✅
We need to help Mia Kahlifa escape Jurassic Park
I wish they used a better protag, but overall the game looks interesting.
😂 and just these days I had become hooked with the whole analog horror thing and started looking out for coñete to like that and this drops👌🔥
i like this game already
YAYYY NEW THEGAMINGBEAVER CONTENT YIPPEE
This is something I never knew I wanted but but now I see it's something I needed
While I do LOVE the Jurassic World Evolution games it's nice to get a real game for Jurassic Park
Yes!!!! Three decades later we are finally getting the game we always wanted. Fingers crossed this will be everything we want it to be!!!!
It seems , it finally comes...the game that everyone wants.
You're in Jurassic Park. All hell has broke loose during a tropical storm. You are running away from the T Rex. But you can't out run him. In desperation you drop into the rain soaked mud road. You cover your self and bury your self deep and fast into the mud. The T Rex stops. He sniffs. He cannot find you. It worked! Only then the T Rex squats over you and takes a dump on you. It's game over. You have been squashed by a giant Dino turd.
So I'm guessing this game takes place in the 90s in 1993 after the events of the first Jurassic Park movie
Wondering how many times I would be eaten before completing this game
fyaaa💯🔥
anyone else notice the doctor looks like mia khalifa???
jurassic park meet alien Isolation. count me in!
You had me at "single-player" 👏
if only Dino Crisis got the same love
Finally i know what happened to the raptor in the freezer. At last!
Yo this actually looks terrifying
Hope to be able to use your weapon while on a mount
Awww man I love this but why first person!! I suck at that pov hahah but I’m excited either way!!!!
Can I not play as a diversity higher? That would be great thanks
Woke....again....
Always waiting for Jurassic park 2024
*Clever girl*
I would love this game to take a more horror focused direction
Shut up and take my money!
That character favors  Mia Khalifa 😂
So you get to play as mia khalifa? 🤔
This look insanely good, the graphics are spectacular
The raptor that got locked in the cold storage is alive!!!
They spent more time into the rendered footage in the beginning than the actual graphics in-game. Alien: Isolation looks better than this
This is great, but why did they literally recreate the movie scene ? Lol
Sh!t. The best game announcement in 5 years. WTF
Anyone remembers Trespasser ? This seems really promising 😃!!!
Bro, we fans have been waiting for this since 2001
Swe you guys when I make a YouTube videoes on this game or get it early access to do a game review maybe do Lego Jurassic World game
Transgender version of Jeff Goldblum tf? lol..🙄
DNA is called the intelligent book of life for every living thing. Intelligent information tells us there must be an intelligent designer. I am the way, truth & life no one comes to the Father (God) except through Me (Jesus).John 14:6 Please repent/believe because life is short be ready.
I’m expecting there to be a sequence at the beginning where we’re just doing our job on the island and get to see the park in full operation as the original guests arrive (but don’t actually meet them.) We then have to go to a remote lab further inland right before the collapse happens and that’s how we get left behind
hard to feel the horror with that happyass theme at the end..
WELCOME TO JURASSIC PARK!!!!
Virtual Reality??
1:23 I've seen this before. But it was white the last time
As the story go on does her clothes become more ragged and revealing?
I love this and I want it so bad and I hope that this will be either a single player or co-op/multiplayer which would be really cool for this game
¿Fans de Mia Khalifa que jugarán a este juego??
Finally an alien isolation game I have been waiting a decade!
Jurassic Park FINALLY returning to the true horror aspect of the franchise. Jurassic World's biggest problems was trying to make the dino's friendly, removing what made them essential parts of the films. To me, Blue was the worst addition to the franchise and making Rexie less aggressive towards humans greatly reduced the terror of her presence.
La evolución es una estafa, como todo lo que os inculcan con estos vídeos juego de mierda condicionar tu mente
Jesus this looks terrible hahaha
Mia Khalifa Is In The New Jurassic Park
Please for the love of god don't be a 4v1 multiplayer horror game.
No Switch??
About time they stepped away from the stupid theme park building. They should’ve done these types of games from the start.
Strong first impression!
Ok this looks awesome asf
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!
And then the game comes out that is brand new to the Jurassic fandom.  3 new movies are going to happen lol
YES IVE BEEN WAITING YEARS FOR THIS
I’ll laugh if Sam Jackson shows up
How many movie references do we want?     Well... Uh, there it is...
YESSSS!!!!
Put a chick in it! Make her gay and lame!
DO THE LOST WORLD NEXT!!!!!!
hopefully we can play another character because the one they showed seems awful
make it multiplayer
As a huge fan, I always hope hope and hope they will consider to remake Trespasser, but will super definetely do
Looks like a quick time game rather than anything else
Wow looks awesome!!!
Why is there an unaccounted scientist? Why was the freezer unlocked? Why is there a boat to the mainland? How did she know to use a flare? This is a soulless cash grab, with the recreated scenes to spark nostalgia and the diversity character that will be so important that no one knew existed.
I dont see myself represented so i guess im not buying it
FINALLY, A DINOSAUR HORROR GAME
So there were 3 Raptors!?
Wheres cocksaurus?
After years of wondering what happened to the raptor in the fridge. I can finally say that my boi is ALIVE!
Anyone else think it feels a lot like FossilFuel?
i hope nobody thinks this is legit gameplay and how the game will look, otherwise this seems like an awesome game
So again they are forcing people to play as a female?!
It's for every game console except for the Nintendo switch why??????
THIS IS WHAT WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!!!!!!!!
Only problem i see is player character. Should have been Dr. Grant, or his female co-star. Everything else looks amazing.
Can forget about the 5 year wait for ark 2 now!
That music at 1:52 hits different
Looks good, but can we change the main character?
Mia Khalifa multiverse.
Awesome gonna play as Mia Khalifa. Also gameplay is shown from 1:53-2:00 and you guys are saying it looks amazing come on
Cinematic trailer looked nice but the 5 seconds of gameplay at the end kinda looked like crap, hopefully thats just pre-alpha footage
You know what's even more scarier than this? The fact we havent had a T-Rex Vs Trike fight in the entire Jurassic park movie franchise!
So we play as Mia Khalifa?
So THIS is why universal told that one dude tonstop working on his Jurassic Park game.
Honestly crying, i have waited almost 20 years for this to finally happen 😭😭🥺
Just play ark 😊😅😂😂
Jurassic park trespasser remastered?
Please don’t suck like JW, please🙏😭
So glad its based off the original, screw Jurassic World.
Great.  We had to wait 30 years for a decent Jurassic Park first-shooter and we're forced to play as a dorky Pakistani girl.  What a kick in the nuts.
I'm already thinking on the sequel....an adventure on Isla Sorna right after the Hurricane Clarissa wipped out the facilities of InGen, it would be amazing! Hope this makes enough success
Look at how much love went into making this trailer! I haven't felt the magic this strongly since the first movie.
My money is still on the Indy game "Jurassic Park Operations". Sure they have to rename it, but I bet it will be vastly superior to this fart in the wind.
Looks neat.
Why is Mia Khalifia in a Jurassic Park game? F in chat boys
Imagine playing Alien Isolation, but the Xenomorph and Working Joes are replaced by Raptors and a T. rex.  I can’t F*cking wait!
Honestly, it's probably going to be total trash. The fact that the apparent lead character is a hollywood stereotypical "Strong Independent TransPanBi Woman", who looks like a weirdo, doesn't improve my first impressions of the game at all.  But at least it wasn't wearing high heels. And I suppose it was dressed somewhat practically for a scientist doing field work... minus the stupid bling. . . . If you read this far... . . . Deliberately Inflammatory Comment Is Deliberately Inflammatory . . . But no less true.
This would actually make a really good movie.
Reminds me of Dino Crisis
This should be an entire movie.. looks much better that the Jurassic world movies.
I want to be excited, but 3 seconds of gameplay isn't gonna get me there.
I doubt that rebar door would stop that t-Rex charge lol
I believe the Raptor in the freezer is Randy. Either that or Kim, but Kim and the Big one died in the end.
Yessss!!!!!!! Finally!!!!
I’m going to cry. I’ve been waiting for a Jurassic park game like this my entire life.
I love your videos! it contains good and very attractive Content💖💖💖
It shows promise. I hope the gameplay matches the trailer and that the ai matches Alien Isolation.
Finally a survival jurassic game not creating the amusement park
Don't remember there being a paki in the jurassic park movies
This is the alien isolation sequel answer I’ve been waiting for
This could be really enjoyable!
Looks amazing , but the protagonist is ugly enough to scare the raptors away.
mia khalifa worked at Jurassic Park...?
Quanto será o lançamento?
Feels like the first time since Trespasser
Yessss, finally a Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa
Mia Khalifa with dinosaurs, delicious.
woof... 'member-that much?
Cant wait for that!!! ❤❤
How many times did they have to do, "oh she did the thing!" Or "remember that from the movie?!" In this 2 minute trailer?
How much survival are we talking? Open world, survive and thrive or run and escape?
I’d prefer JP: Operations but this is ok.
I’ve been waiting for this since  Jurassic Park: Tresspasser 🤯🤯🤯
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic park lol
Awesome!!!!
"spare no expense" Hires some H1B visa fem poo tech
Wow this gave me goosebumps I honestly can’t wait for this. Love Jurassic park !
Finally. Something OTHER than another lame park-building sim
Mia Khalifa? 😂
Being that I'm a big fan of the Dino Crisis games from the PS2 days and the original Jurassic Park (best in the franchise), this is freakn amazing!!!!
I've waited my whole life for a JP game like this, finally!!!
So hyped... We will finally see what happened with the frozen Raptor
So the Velociraptor that got locked in the freezer did survive.  I kind of hope apart of this is canon.
Anyone remeber playing Dino Crisis on PS1. I used to love that game
Reminds me of the Alien Isolation which was a cool game.
Yuck, it's in first person. Too bad. 😢
Goddamnit....I'm not going to be able to run this am I?
*I'M IN A VIDEOGAME!*
*SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!*
Amazing how we still don't have an open world jurassic park game set before the dinosaurs escape. Love to see it
Can't wait to play as generic strong diverse woman 🙄🙄
Looking sick! I would love to see multiple characters to choose from for a twist on the story
I didn't realize I needed this in my life... This looks amazing!
Wait, another Jurassic Park game!? That's awesome!! It's only on new gen consoles which sucks but hey! I'm loving the way this game looks! I love the neat references to the movies! It follows the storyline of the series as well and that's really something! I love Jurassic Park and all of their games, and we got another one! And what's really amazing is that its a survival game!! This trailer and this game are a shocker!!
DUDE
pov: Ark
Meh, give us Dino Crisis 4
Release date: 03-28-26!!
Finally!
Ghey
Girl looks like mia khalifa
0:33, mía khalifa?
Yaaaay !! We all been waiting for this
Female POC ✔️
You have no idea what you just did for the fandom. THANK YOU.
Looks cool, but do I have to play the game as Mia Kalifa?
At first i thought it was Mia Khalifa LMFAO
So THIS is why Universal wanted that fan-made Jurassic Park game shut down…..either that, or it made them realize the demand.
Whole beginning cinematic is just fan service after fan service. Like come on, do something new for once
So we get to play as Mia Khalifa? No way she survives this.
Is that Mia Khalifa???
Yooooo who remembers the game on ipad 2 or sum and u had to get the shaving cream can
Omfg since playing Alien Isolation this is EXACTLY what I’ve been talking about wanting for years, same style but with Jurassic Park, and they need to do one for Terminator as well, playing as Kyle Reese set in T1, with occasional flashback sequences to future timeline
Wow never thought I would see a Jurassic park game like this I’m a huge fan gone the movies/games so I will be geting this for sure
I don't see any gameplay, but we'll see I guess.
I always wanted a new Dinocrisis, but this is the next best thing. A survival horror Jurassic Park game is an awesome idea.
that guy thats been making this on his own for the last couple years must be SO CUT- devs knew- totally snagged his idea & made it dark
Wonder if the metricanthosaurus will be in this? Also hopefully sequels can be made like the lost world style one, and jp 3 one as well and maybe this studio or creative assembly could make the sequels.
Please put a third person mode too because first person games make me dizzy and I can never play them and I love Jurassic Park
This looks like an even better sequel than the lost world
Oh boy, can't wait to play a strong independent diverse non-binary she-thing... again...
Like the only game Ive been excited for in ages lol
Mia Khalifa and Jurassic crossover, say less
wonder how many Fan art of main lady of game
The game we always wanted, but never thought to ask for.
I’m more excited to read the book.
Is that Mia Khalifa?
So no Alan grant or Ian Malcom just some random nobodies
LMAO of course it's a diverse POC female protagonist. Gotta hit those quotas! At least I hope the game will be fun.
Me thinking it was a remaster of the original movie for a second:
Mia khalifa?
Why don't you make a game where players can actually BE the dinosaurs? Yeah? That would be cool.
I thought this was fake. I was bot expecting to see a Jurassic Park game come out any time soon😂
This picks up a frame after the first movie. My dream.
So a Jurassic Park Trespasser remake??
Can we get eaten by the T-rex? I hope that if we die there isn't just an instant fade-to-black, I hope there'll be an intense terrifying dehumanizing cutscene.
We get to play as Mia Kahlifa?
Hopefully it’s ACTUALLY scary and graphic
Just amazing!!!! and Mia Khalifa very good too!!!
I can't believe Mia Khalifa is the mc
To be honest I thought this was another movie but turns out it’s a game
We have a T-rex!
Dude for real welcome to Jurassic Park
Who else is going go to the tyrannosaurus padock to see how the moat goes around it and how it got from one side to another?
Of course it's a diverse woman😂... I wonder if she'll also be lame and gay😂😂😂😂
this was ive be wainting for ..... <3 <3
This looks AMAZING ❤
Im bummed they went with "action-adventure" instead of survival horror. I was really hoping they would have went with a more alien isolation type survival horror game. The trailer looks great but that in game footage not so much, hope they clean that up before release.
The new dinocrisis looks great!
Looks awful, just like the last sequel game set during this period. Repeating the same thing  expecting different results isn't a good thing
this looks SO GOOD
Just Awesomeness!
Not only do I get to run away from dinosaurs, I get to be Mia Khalifa while doing it!
Wait is this game connected to the Jurassic park 1 movie
Hope this game is actually scary.
YEAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
Glad to see Mia Khalifa became an employee of Ingen…
lol they put Mia Khalifa in Jurassic park
Outlast: Jurassic Park Edition
IM SO EXCITTEEEEDDDD
How tf did the raptor survive the freezer? The power was turned back on! It'd have froze to death!
So you play as an Indian girl? 😂 Hope there's more male characters.
Lady....TURN THE LIGHT OFF!
looks very nice , and we have mia khalifa in it xD
hope its not only first person
I'm an enormous Jurassic Park fan, but i feel like this game is going to be short and cinematically driven. No real gameplay. But since they're implementing parts from the first movie, I would HOPE they add parts from the book! (Like the moment they found out a T-Rex could swim 👀) that would be dope. Not holding my breath, but still hoping for the best outcome. 🦖🔥
Yes this is childhood terror memory unlocked. So incredibly exciting to play it
Really? Every scene they literally copied like some lazy fucks, this has to be a parody.
Its pre rendered so until i see actual gameplay im not going to get hyped it may as well be cgi
Too bad it’s first person :(
Put a chick in it and make her lame and gay!
Thank you! I'm so happy to see, this is so thoughtful and perfect! Our immersion technology is so good now, it's a splendid time for this to come to life. Can I slap the tongue aside of a tyrannosaurus who's roaring at me? This looks incomprehensibly beautiful though, thank you and congratulations!
Please be real
I NEED this to be good. I really really really NEED this to be good. I’ve been waiting for a Jurassic Park survival horror since I was a kid.
A game 65 million years in the making
Why does she look so much like Cascina Caradonna or Dina from the last of us 2?
I've been waiting for this since the first Jurassic Park FarCry mods. Finally and a big thanks to the developers for this.
Jurassic Park *Isolation* more like  (If you know you know) 🫵
OMG take my money! I’ve been waiting my whole life for this! And please be a rated M! None of that rated T crap haha I want to see some gore!
I wish
Omg finally a video games character who looks like me but slightly older! I think i know who i can finally cosplay as in the future
This looks amazing - please keep Chris Pratt 200 miles away from it.
If they pull this off and this game is on the level of Alien Isolation, I really hope we see a resurgence of Jurassic Park games. The series has so much potential
Mia Khalifa gonna sue
I'm watching the video for the T-Rex, who the hell cares about the made up wannabe tougher bargain bin rexclonecrap, which were the sole reason the sequels sucked   Anyway, the girl looks like a female version of Jeff Goldblum
Bruh the dinosaur designs are from jurassic world
La chica se me hace conocida...
FINALMENTE um jurassic park que não seja de construir !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Alien Isolation but with dinosaurs ? Hell yeah
Alien isolation vibe finally!!!! Been waiting for this type of game from Jurassic park
Mia Kalifa x Jurassic Park 😂
Finally! Back to it's roots! And it's survival horror!
But will it have MR DNA ( aka MR DEE LEEE) in the game????!!!!!!!!!
OMG! I was waiting for a Game like this for years! I play Jurassic Park: The Game, and I like it, but I was really wish a survival horror game. I can't wait!
This just throws a couple basically reskinned scenes from the original movie, and four 1-second clips of gameplay, two of which look like POV cutscenes. I’d love a solid JP game, but haven’t we been burned enough than to already be shitting ourselves over this?
Pff c est quoi ce perso ? encore un Bronzé, ça le fait vraiment pas -_-
Sucks that there won’t be gore, character creator and allow coop
OMG I NEED IT
Trespasser 2
Tresspasser 2
❤❤❤
literally been waiting for a game like this since sitting in the cinema in 1993
She pronounced isla incorrectly. 0/10
30 plus years later
Finally a jurassic park game
Very excited. Can we also note the "pre-rendered" and "alpha" footage identifiers? i appreciate the transparency. some folks can be tricked by that sort of stuff
This looks absolutely sick can’t wait to see when it comes out
Is it gonna be terrifying as Alien Isolation? If it is then no thank you
BRUTAL GAME, the best from the franquise to me!!
I would love if the game opened with a level before everything goes wrong, like just getting to walk around and do tasks in a semi-operational Jurassic Park.
Mia khalifa
I hope that after this game, they update it so that you can play the other chapters too
Please let us open that cold stprage door if we first see it and its closed.
Am I the only one who thought the main character was played by Mia Khalifa at first glance?
omg this is gunna be dinomight lol
I couldn't believe it was real or game till the end, wow it would be a blockbuster game !
Seems like a cool concept but also kind of seems woke. Why can't we just play as one of the original characters from the movie?
Jesus finally !!!!
From JW - Evolution 2 to this going back to the roots.  Much love to JP
Any chance it could be released later for PS4?
Looks better than the movie from 93 😂😂
The game we've been hoping for years
I always wanted to play as Mia Khalifa
PLEASE be M for mature.. please!!!!
Look at these Bot fans willing to buy anything, and you wonder why game companies be laughing all the way to the bank!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I need a crazy Special Edition or Collectors Edition of this game. Give us a replica of Tim's Nightvision goggles & a Dope Steel Book Case.
Does every game have to have female protagonist now? Another pass for me.
This reminds me of Trespasser. I will be watching this...
looks like I'm getting a new game.
Shei s very brtaiful and i like girls who wear glasses! Cant wait!I WILL BRUTALLY KILL ALL THE DINOSAURS!
cant wait to see all the bugs
OMG THIS FEELS LIKE ALIEN: ISOLATION WITH JURASSIC PARK!!!! DAY ONE PURCHASE FOR ME!!!!
Making Mia Khalifa the main character was a bold choice.
For anyone who’s curious, there have been different people who have tried making Jurassic Park horror survival games and mods, but Universal kept sending cease and desist letters all while ignoring gamers - fans requests for years for a survival Horror game. I guess they finally got the message!
Honestly, I would have preferred this in the style of Supermassive Games. Bunch of different characters, all sorts of ways to die. I’ve just never found first-person horror engaging. Thus, I won’t pick it up, but I’ll probably watch a friend play or something. I know people adored the most recent resident evil games though, so I’m sure this will do well.
Take my money already!! I need this!
Trailer looks amazing, Im just hoping that the game will be as good as the trailer.  Too many times the trailers have always been great, but then the game is lacking.  That is why I always take trailers with a grain of salt, since you dont know how the actual game will be.  No game is going to make a crappy trailer since it will keep people from buying it.  Im just really hopeful this game is going to be amazing.  A release date would be nice, but since the trailer just got released Im guessing it is probably still going to be close to a year before the game makes it out, or at least we get a confirmation on a release date.
only if the main character was hot
1:47 what a stupid shot.. she's been running away in fear from the dilophosaurus. But when the t-rex show up she decides to stand up with a flare in hand whilst having a look on her face that screams "I'll eat that rex for breakfast". That really killed the trailer for me, everything before was amazing though.
Guess this will work until Capcom gets their thumbs out their butts and give us another Dino Crisis. Game looks good though!!!
doesnt make sense. they screwed up the timeline of events from the film. according to this, shes there AFTER they left, except all employees were evacuated by several ferries earlier, confirmed by samuel l jacksons character, and not only that, but apparently its still raining? a day after a major hurricane? even when the end of the film is daylight, but the raptors are already in the fridge when it stopped?   i think you need to go back and rewatch the film and get this right.
I have wanted capcom to make a dino crisis game with the resident evil biohazard engine but this is good enough.
Ima be real, Maya could absolutely get it.
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Oh my God...
This is the game we have been waiting for!!!
I think I've seen this actress before, but i don't remember where...
Might be the reveal from Game Awards i'm most excited about
Jurassic Park > Jurassic World. Always has been, always will be.
Finally an actual Jurassic Park game that we all knew we needed but for some reason it took so long for game companies to understand that this has always been the direction to go
Expected release dates 2026 to 2027
Yet another fkn female protagonist 🤦
PSVR2?! please :)
What?? I've been saying forever they needed to do this! Unaware, yet unsurprised that many others have too.
Please replace the main character.
Single player? Would be better co-op with friends. Pass
Yes!!! And you get to play as Mia khalifa
AWESOME
Wird sehr wahrscheinlich Szenen basiert sein... einfallslos aber immer hin etwas.
When is it coming out
I finally have a reason to live, this is what I died for my children
Aw man can't we play as dinosaur and eat her
Reminds me of Alien Isolation - alone, in in hostile environment, trying to survive. Looks pretty good. I hope there will be a ps4 version. Still not wanting to upgrade.
Nice! This feels like the game Trespasser should have been (for those of you old enough to remember it). It's amazing what 24 years of tech advancements can do!
Is this next year?
This would be a great game for VR.
Oh wow I’m excited for this my wife is gonna love this game
Jurassic Park featuring Mia Khalifa I love it !
We have Instinction, The Lost Wild, Compound Fracture, and the revamped Jurassic video game Krenautican was working on, and now this! The dinosaurs are returning to gaming!  Now if only Capcom would revive a certain franchise.
We're gonna be eating good when this comes out!
I hope the actress is actuality good and not a diversity hire.
I was thrilled to see, what looks like, in-game footage at the end of the trailer... Ohhh I can't wait for this! :)
This trailer made me want a new Dino crisis game
Like Alien Isolation a little bit but instead of Xenomorphs it's Dinosaurs
To think we were waiting for a Dino Crisis remake! Anyone know when this is being released?
Yes, gotta love the call backs here. The hat near the truck, the kitchen laddle. Half expected her to open the fridge door herself. Love the attention to those details.
The whole female protaganist agenda in gaming is getting old.
Jurassic Park fans eating good!!!!!!  🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
when i first saw this on the game awards, i was so hyped! still am! sick trailer
FINALLY horror is back in Jurassic Park! So hyped for this I can't wait!
Is this actually game or a movie ?
Hope there's guns 🔫
Lol
I know it's a stretch perhaps, but I hope we get to customize our character a bit with actual effects: For example: you can choose to be a mid-30's man with a background in engineering, so when you encounter puzzles or issues with electricity/machines, you have an easier time doing them, but react poorly to dinos showing up (a fear factor would kick in and cause the screen to blur up or something detrimental like that).  Or you can choose to be a 20's female jock/athlete so you have heightened awareness and better stamina to initially outrun medium/smaller dinos, but are very poorly-skilled with puzzles and handling weapons/tools/etc. I think adding this kind of additional layer would cause a cool deviation from a more or less linear story; would make every run unique or challenging in their own way! All the more, this looks awesome. I hope it does well!
mais c'est mia k😮😮
Qué malos sois aziendo bidios
When it will coming out i'm really gonna buy this great game!🎉
1:07 the small one
"pre-rendered" um duh I think my graphics card would probably catch on fire if it tried to render this in realtime. (and I have a 3090TI) edit alternate title: "alien isolation: dinosaur edition"
first the jurassic park the game now this like gery and his daghter and the others that was there but didn't show themselves, this is showed someone who got left behide
Imagine if Mr. Arnold or Dennis Nedry or the hunter guy SOMEHOW didnt DIE and are in this... This looks INSANE
this looks like a Dino Crisis remake
I really hope they spare no expense on this
https://youtube.com/shorts/BEx2kudspgA?si=Urv1C6WyqKgXNBBt
I wonder if the rex's vision will be based on movement in the game
Single player? I’m out
I hope this doesn’t cancel out the story of the Telltale Jurassic Park game
Why no ps4 😢
OMGGGG
Is this real? Or is this a fan project that'll get shut down?
Dude this looks amazing I can't wait and I love the Jurassic Park franchise
This looks amazing
When Mia Khalifa gets a job working at jurassic park
All the scenes from the film I can see here, the ladel, the car from the tree, I love it sm
Wait is that a mia khalifa?
Finally, the game I've been waiting for!!!!
FINALLY! OUR PRAYERS ARE ANSWERED!!!!
graphics look insane
Jurassic lacre word
wow looks like a movie!! to scared to play it but will defentely buy it for my boyfriend and let him play it and i can look on from the sidelines. looks so cool can't wait to see what happens
I'm nervous... this voice actor/character model kiiiinda seems like a "diversity hire." I mean, she's a woman of color with a vague accent so she's VERY diverse. On the other hand, I just didn't buy the horror atmosphere when she shrieks like a mouse while being hunted by a dilo in the middle of a dark jungle. Remember laura dern? Man, she really understood how to deliver a "I'm in a struggle for survival" primal scream of terror. This video game lady seems like she's on vacation in jurassic park
The game looks amazing but game developers  need to recognise that many other gaming companies already made the main hero a female please game developers for jurassic survival game make the players have the right to choose there main hero between male and female
cant wait so excited
wow so nice to see Mia Khalifa in a game. can't wait for it
This game will be canon?
100% fan service Trailer looks interesting ^^
I mean this is as close as we get to a new rpg for Jurassic park and I’ll take it 😭😭😭
красава!
👍 👍 👍
This trailer reminded me of Alien Isoliation. Not necessarily from his gameplay, even though it does seems to be a first person survival horror game, but from the fact the plot came from a very simple but effective idea. And also by the fact it looks like the game is made by real fans of the franchise, just like Isolation was.
Is that Mia Khalifa? 😂
Am I the only person here not impressed by the nostalgia bait?
Thats Mia Khalifa, come on, tell me I am not the only one to see it
About time!
I'm just going to mention one game: Alien: isolation... hope this jurassic park game goes that route!
Lord Raptor Jesus has come out of retirement.
Finally !!! I could play Mia Khalifa for the really FIRST TIME !
THIS IS WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR
You can tell the developers will get this right with all the easter eggs from the first movie.  So exited for this!
This was the only I MEAN THE ONLY TRAILER THAT WAS GOOD DURING THE GAME AWARD'S LIVESTREAM IN GENERAL I THOUGHT IT WAS PRETTY BAD STREAM ONLY THING GOOD WAS THIS
bro why tf they leavin Mia Khalifa out there?
I’m watching you guys don’t play with my feelings please just make a giant sandbox game like  Subnautica
Don't force 1st person view. It should be optional with 3rd person camera view
Day 1 purchase. It's about time.
Kid: "Mom I want a new Dino Crisis!" Mom: "We already have Dino Crisis at home!"
Finally what we wanted, what an end to the 30th anniversary this year!
This is phenomenal…😊😭
About time we got this kind of jurassic park game! Been waiting on this sort of game a long time and im surprised it happened. Was let down by that jurassic park game they released that was just button mashing. Used to love the sega genesis version. Also, jurassic park arcade games tend to be badass
As a huge fan of the Jurassic series, I can't wait to play this. This game looks like it'll be one of those suspenseful on the edge of your seat games, with the occasional "Oh f***, oh f***." 😂
So you decide to make game based on a popular movie but then throw in a random character who is not part of the story in anyway? I'd rather play as Lex or Tim than her
I'm really glad to see that the Jurassic franchise is bringing back more ideas.  Just by observing this preview, a game following the events of the film, Jurassic Park.  Yes, there were others that followed the film, but this one is just downright amazing.
Finally. This is all we wanted. Not managing a fluffing park.
hopefully this game won't follow the trend of releasing an unfinished, buggy game. if that doesn't happen, then this is probably going to end up as the most highly rated game in the coming few years.
Is a thousand too many times 😮 it's so, good im not even mad about fan game some one else was trying to make. Or trying to cancel my Jurassic unknown which has nothing to do with this ip it's copyright friendly Jules vern lost world I just put more dinosaurs in that are liberty.  with this game I can forgive them it's an apology game to fans. -Merry Christmas   Ps better to forgive than ask
THIS is what I’ve wanted from a dinosaur horror game for years
Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa. Incredible, i'm beyond hyped.
Legendary!❤
Yes thank you Jurassic Park for letting us play as virtuous Indian female 🥰🥰🥰
Always wanted this type of game for this franchise. Now we need a decent godzilla game!
This is THE Jurassic Park game we wanted instead of the many crappy mobile games that have all been failures
Didn't knew I wanted a Mirror's Edge type of gameplay with Jurassic Park theme until I saw this
Omg 😮 mia Khalifa 😅
Why wasn’t this developed years ago?  All I can really say is.. FINALLY
I suck so bad at these, I hope there’s at least an easy mode setting or something because I wanna support this game HUGE!
Seems to be plenty of new Dinosaur Survival Horror games coming out lately, which is always welcomed!  Now, if only Capcom could finally remember that they did Dino Crisis and release a new game already. They’ve been remaking RE games like crazy, after all, it’s time to give Dino Crisis the same treatment as well!
Hope we get to customize our characters
Finally!!!! So happy but still pissed you ruined that fan made game just because you felt threatened
Life finds a way
Good goly ned, they actually did it! They actually made a survival horror game base in Jurassic Park! I hope it’s good
I love the movies, I love Jurassic Park Evolution game! I know I will love this too 😩 anything with dinosaurs and survival, I know I will hard grind on ❤️‍🔥
waited for years !
Is that Jeff Goldblum´s daughter?
😱😱😱😱😱… YES ‼️😍
Mia Khalifa x Jurassic Park, nice
Survival Horror JP is what I have wanted since I was a kid. It looks like it is finally happening!
Finally a JP real game and next Gen graphics!
PLEASE GOD, be good! 😬
Hoopefully its gonna be what jurassic park trespasser never acomplished
Finally! When will it be released?
The new best,ultra, giga version of jurassic park operations
The best way to play this game would be to watch Jurassic Park for the 2000th time and then directly play this next.
That Fanmade game that Universal threatened looked far better. No wonder they didn’t want it releasing
Vamos los pibeeee
wow cant wait. when is  this going to release? please let it be 2024??
Dear Jurassic Park, Is there any connection with the story of this game?
Why didn't they get Mia Khalifa to introduce the reveal of this game she's in like they did for Matthew McConaughey and his game?
I didn’t know how badly I needed this till right now! 😭
For once, I actually like that the main character is a tiny science lady. Makes everything feel more dangerous than if I was playing as a Giga Chad.
I Member 🤮
As a big fan of the 1993 film, this looks amazing.
W in the chat
:() He lives
I would actually be terrified playing thos game
Nice to see Mia Khalifa in the game
jurassic park and NOT Jurassic Wororld...FINALLY!!!!!!!! this trailer is awsome! it's like the original movie... i can't wait to see the gameplay
So Farcry X Dying Light X TUROK? Yes please. ❤️🙌🏼🤙🏼💯
She looks like the baddie from the last of us
I was expecting this to look awful but this looks really cool actually
Great. Always wanted to play a JP game as Mia halifa...
Is that Mia Khalifa
Why they put Mia Khalifa as the main character?
This is awesome!!😮😮😮
Why does the woman look like mia khakifa?
I've been asking for this type of game for over 20 years..  Jurassic park is my whole childhood, I played every game there was on ps1 and Xbox.. Watched every movie until the VHS stopped working.  Finally a proper modern jurassic park game with the horror from the first movie.  Can't wait to play it!
Even though I’m very very excited for this game, and I couldn’t be happier we’re actually getting a Jurassic game that isn’t just another park builder, I don’t think enough people are talking about how the dinosaur models are very clearly Jurassic world designs and not Jurassic park. The gallis and raptor are especially noticeable. Even the T. rex looks nothing like the original animatronic or ILM model. I really hope it’s just a place holder for the sake of the cinematic and alpha gameplay because it’ll be a real shame come release day and the dinosaurs are ripped straight from Jurassic world.
2:07 I always wondered if that raptor just froze to death or escaped, I'm surprised it lasted that long in there.
Finally! I really dont know why this wasnt a thing from the get go. Those zoo tycon type games have always seemed so silly for what would make an EXCELENT thriller/horror game or heck even toned down to an action adventure makes so much more sense for the series
Is this mia khalifa
We need a Multiplayer game of this. Not single player. 😭 But I love it 😍
Co-op or bust.
Gonna be honest. when i seen the title i crap not another moive 😂
Dino Crisis remake: Jurassic Park edition
My heart is actually racing…
No man en Jurassic world survivar
What is Mia Khalifa doing in this game?
They have stated it’s going to be a action adventure game
Now THIS is a real Jurassic Park game
Mia? Is that you?
✍🏼 on my list 👍🏼
Shut up and take my money
Huge alien isolation vibes from this
Wow!!!!!
They finally remembered what 1st film was horror:)
I rather play a dreams game made by one person
Mia khalifa in a jurassic park ?....that show how trash this saga became
if you pay attention, this trailer is just a compilation of shots re-created from the original movie
Checking em woke check box i see, strong diverse possibly gay color character .. didnt see that coming .... put a female in there make her lame , make her gay i see.... calling it, go woke go broke, fail upon release.
This poor woman about to have the most gruesome deaths lol
Mia khalifa park
Am i the only one who finds the main character a bit 'weird' for a Jurassic Park survival horror game?
single player.... ?
Feminazismo la cagaron con el protagonista parece hombre
And the key to action in this franchise is....., anyone? Suspense.  This game looks really good and like it will be a success. It's just a bummer that the set pieces and sound, and everything is keyed for nostalgia spoil the suspense by using the same moments Spielberg already developed, even the blocking in her run is Dr.Satler....it would benefit them to move away from the films locations on the island and develop their own mechanics for suspense. But I get it, they aren't making it to be original. To quote Ian Malcolm "and now you're stamping it on a lunchbox and we're selling it, sell it."
1:07
Is that suppose to be Jeff Goldblooms daughter?
Finally a new Dino horror game
They tried waaaayyyy too hard with the memba berries. It was literally just one direct reference after another.
Mia Kalifa
This has more of the tone I want from the actual MOVIES!!  Stop making the dinosaurs cool, they’re supposed to be scary! 🤣
Why did the gameplay seemingly cut to 30FPS? hopefully that is not the case on release in the year of our lord 2023.
Cool
Soooo is this game multiplayer? Like 4 survivors vs 3 dinosaurs ?
Why is Jurassic Park the only franchise that sticks to its roots
“Anybody hear that? It's an... It's an impact tremor, that's what it is... I'm fairly alarmed here.”
The trailer shows nothing real but people are commenting like they have played the game😂 People are dumb and will get hyped over anything now days.
If you have to be the random indian girl then no thanks!
oo my god
finally it is here 😌😌 !!
Fell in love with the character, so I'll buy this game.
Seems like woke garbage but i could be wrong
YES!!1!
This game would be so popular if the first movie just came out.
The Jurassic Park game I never knew I wanted. So excited!!
Wow this game will be amazing to play on PC. I'm really excited about this Game.
Enyone now wen is gonna come out that game ?
Something about this Trailer is not working
Get she missed Arnolds Announcement, "The Boat to the Mainland leaves at 19:00 hrs"
Can’t wait
WTF they actually showed gameplay as well??? Ok interesting indeed
Take my money
Was that Mia Khalifa?
Too bad the main character is a minority
Playing all the hits with nothing new. Well's hopefully its good and also not a point and click game
I hope its not a first person 😒 i like seeing from a third person perspective.
NO LO CREO
Parece incrivel kkkkk só
I hope they include Dennis the goat Nedry.
I've have been begging for this type of game for years. Something in the vein of Alien: Isolation that let us explore the park post-movie. This game is going to be an immediate hit.
I need it, mmkay?
A jurassic park game we actually have to survive in! Take my money!
This will be a legendary experience 😢  Thank GOD Jurassic Park fans are finally EATING !!!
I'm sorry brother but Jurassic Park as a franchise is cooked. Same story over and over again.
Lookks awesome but is it purely survival likebruing hiding or are we gonna get our hands on some weapons
A dinosaur game like this is number 1 on my list of games i want, wish it was 3rd person tho.
My computer know he is dead when i lunch this game
FINALLY
Jurassic park + mia khalifa 🙌🏼
Why would she be a scientist? makes little sense in the period this took place, would have made perfect sense if she was native to the costa rica region but with the name that sounds unlikely. Let's hope it isn't a Ma-Rey-Sue type character.
I have always dreamed of playing a game like this!!!!!!!!
Finally! This is what the fans have been wanting! Not another Park Builder. This looks amazing and I can't wait to see more of the actual gameplay. What's the release date expectation?
Jurassic Park Trespasser is finally coming out!
Samsung earbuds pro and samsung ultra s23 trailer watched in 4k GOOSEBUMPS❤😭
Can’t wait to play as Mia Khalifa , let’s goo!!! 🎉
Nice BUT why is it like 24 frames per second?????
But it’s a shooter or hide and seek like Aliens
Mía Khalifa 😂😂😂
This is the sequel I want to see!!!!! please make a film of the story of the ‘day after’!!!!!
What if I don't want to play as a girl though?
A game similiar to alien isolation but eith dinosaurs? Hell yeah!
Movie or game
So excited
This is giving me SUBLIME Alien:Isolation vibes.
CLEVER GIRL!!! 🦖🦖🦖🤣🤣
The graphics are so good it took me a minute to realize it was a game and not a new jurassic park movie.
It needed to be third person
Not preodering, but looks cool!
Mia Khalifa as mc is crazy tho
Миа Халифа, что ли? Местами её лицо мне её напоминало
Dilophosaurus was a 20ft long predator. Why does the franchise always show them small?  Nedry in the first movie says something like "I thought you were one of your big brothers. You're not so bad" which implies he knows they get much larger.
Now that mia khalifa is fasting she won't get beat up beat up by those big legged snakes... We will miss her bubbles tho 🥲
That’s right baby…. BRING ON THE LORE!  Matpat better review this game.
Put a chick in it and make it g....
Looks awesome!! Please do not be a quick time event game like the last one. Please please don't! Also its great to see that last gen consoles will not be supported and we can use the best hardware to make it special!
Yasss love that she is of Indian origin like me 🥰
The game we’ve been waiting for…          For the past 65 million years
So Dead by Daylight meets Jurassic Park…sure, why not
cant wait, plz dont be cancelled
So this is why all those recent fanmade JP games got Cease & Desist letters.
Mia khalifa?
Games will find a way.
Looks similar to the very slept on King Kong movie game. I’m fired up.
Man, was hoping this would be in 3rd person so you can see your character hiding behind cover, crawling through vents going prone in tall grass and bushes etc...
Clever Girl.
Hold on to your butts.
Well I have faced xenomorph in Alien isolation and then a robot in cyberpunk2077 phantom liberty I don't mind facing a raptor or t rex I just say clever girl or something.
Nice video game
DINO CRISIS! But it’s JP and this exists! Please don’t be a DLC cash grab and be a full experience.
Can’t wait for this one!
F I N A L L Y I'm tired of only "Park Building" games, don't get me wrong they are awsome but it gets repetitive I've always wanted a story based survival in the Jurassic Universe, my dreams are coming true can't wait to know when it's coming out
Member Jurassic Park? Member "Welcome to Jurassic Park?" Member John Hammond? Member "they do move in herds?" Member "when you gotta go, you gotta go?" Member "he can't see us if we don't move?" Member Jeff Goldblum? Member Tim & Lex? Member the velociraptors? Member the T-rex? Member "RUN?" Member "Clever girl?" MEMBER JEFF GOLDBLUM AGAIN? OH I LOVE TO MEMBER JEFF GOLDBLUM.  We are stuck in an eternal loop of franchises that should have gone away forever ago. There is nothing new anymore. Let's grow up and move on to new things, for crying out loud.
Can’t wait for the PCVR mods
Minus the fact that it looks like Kathleen Kennedy created this. Its enticing!
This is dream came true for fan's us who craved for it since the days of 90's and early 2000s. HOPE you share the same excitement and love for the extinct mammoths. 😍❤️💐  Thanks UNIVERSAL STUDIO 🙏👏🏼👌🏼
She is very brave and stunning... 😂
mia kalifa skin in futur dlc ?
Is this a troll? CG footage that's just a blatant ripoff of iconic scenes from a 30 year old film? Why would her instinct when confronting a T-rex be to hold up a lit flare, just in case it didn't get a good look at her? Why are people proud of being this lazy?
Alien Isolation, Welcome to Jurassic Park!
I’m Jurassic World Movies Biggest fan
the quality drop from the cinematic trailer to the gameplay footage made me laugh
A Jurassic Park game that is not a park builder simulator? Awesome!
Looks interesting, I like that it looks like it abandons the cheesy action movie don’t take anything seriously feel of jurrassic world, and instead goes back to the feel of jurrassic park 1 and 3 which I feel are at their best.  So I’ll be interested in trying this
This girl got no survival skills
1st person only is an L.
THIS LOOKS INCREDIBLE.
I like the fact you can play as Mia Khalifa! 😂😂😂
Co-op? Would be wild
Would be rad on Quest, hope they make a port
What is the official name of the theme at the end? The one that comes up when I search for it is the other more somber one.
I thought that was Mia Khalifa, no lie
That would be horrifying, imagine being left behind after what happened, I'm glade were going back to Jurassic Park, after it seemed we would never get anything like this.
Is that... Mia Khalifa?? 👀
Of course the MC is a WOC and clearly a lib dressed for Starbucks, not the jungle 😂 woke 🗑️!!
This is the game I've been waiting for since Jurassic Park.
First movie in my life that I've watched in Cinema, forever love for Jurassic series <3
It's called survival so I thought maybe its like Ark or Rust. But I can't shake the feeling it might be like Dead by Daylight. Where players would either play as a hunter (dino) or prey (human).  But who knows.  🤷🏽‍♂️
This is it. This is what we always wanted: back to roots, back to basics. Jurassic PARK (not World crap), the 90s ambiance from the first movie, the classic stuff. The first park, the continuity, God, even Williams' score is here and it sounds amazing. This is gonna be a pre-order obligation the moment they release it. The Hype is ON
Aight. Who else thought it was Mia for the first few seconds 🙋🏾‍♂️
FINALLY WE ARE BACK TO HORROR
Take my money now, i'm sold 🎩
Oh hell. Jurassic WOKE. More antiwhiteism.
Finally !
I wondered what Mia Khalifa has been up to
*DON'T RUN INTO THE TALL GRASS!*
GOD!
I have been waiting for this too much time
Dinasaurs are terrifying to me but I love them. This might be an insanely good horror game and I hope pushes others to make more Dinasaur horror titles
Wow
Looks like it's "on rails" to me.
This is like FNAF Security Breach, but if it was Jurassic Park related.
lol of course these jews make a zionist-loving indian as their main character
First Person? Why?🤦‍♂️
Do not pre-order, buy, and play this political diversity agenda game.
Finally, a sequel to Jurassic Park!!!!!!!
YESSS ABOUT TIME!!!
Woah
Bro she is Mia 💀
i love how everything looks good till the gameplay starts you can tell its got bad frame rates
This feels right.
Starring Mia Khalifa
A Jurassic Park game with mechanics similar to Alien Isolation? This might be the best thing that has happened to the franchise since… well, the original ‘93 film.
THIS JUST LOOK REALISTIC.....JUST LIKE A MOVIE...
Outlast style gameplay?
Mia khalifa lookin good
oh please be as good as you look the music and sounds took me back immediately
FINALLYY
This had better not be some bullshit story game like the last of us.
Trespasser 2 😅
Ooooooh. This looks gooooood 🦖 🦕
Why would she wave a flare at the T-rex if she's trying to get away?
My boy the 3th raptor it’s alive!!
I've never seen a trailer so shamelessly use nostalgia this excessively via easter eggs. I'd be shocked if if this game doesn't make huge sales on release just to be a 10hr long stinker of a cash grab.
THE DREAM BECOMES REALITY !!! 🥰😍😘🥰😍🤩🤩🤩❤❤❤❤❤
Ofc it is now instead an "ethnic" girl... SJW agenda of game studies and media today is just crazy over the top...
This ladys survival choices are so astoundingly bad its mind boggling.
Yeah this is definitely going to bomb... hard. Idk who in their right mind would be excited for whatever this is.
If it's anything like Alien:Isolation this game is going to be INCREDIBLE
Its gonna be better than The Day Before
I’ve always wanted to play a game set in 1993 with a protagonist who dresses like they’re from 30 years in the future. Giant hoop earrings and all. For their zoo keeping job.
Awesome 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
This needs to be multiplayer
The hat! This is the chance to get the hat back from the island! We need to save the hat! Fck them survivers
I was hoping the t rex was gonna rip her to shreds. 😂 If this game isnt rated M for gore blood and violence don't even bother releasing it. 💯
Female lead lol
Lost me at first person
It looks like they spared no expense.
Finally a JP survival game. Don't like to complain but the fear of her for T Rex when she lights up that thing is zero!
Goosebumps 😂 I dont often get hyped for games anymore, but I will make an exception ❤
Increíble!! Jamás pensé ver a Mía Khalifa en un videojuego
The graphics are top notch.
This feels like the right genre for a Jurassic Park game. Hope they are not going to make the horror part all jumpscares, because the atmosphere alone is breathtaking.
That looks really awesome so far! I found it strange that the trailer focused on the cold storage door for a moment and then the trailer does not do anything with it until the last few seconds where it actually does something haha.
Mia Khalifa?
Isn't anyone going to talk about the fact that the woman in the trailer looks like a certain actress we all know?
bs cgi in 2023
VR?
yey woman protagonist, i kill my self in this game SO MUCH TIME, SO MUCH
yeah I always dreamed of playing Mia Khalifa in a Jurassic Park game
Ok but can we play in group of 5 so one of us die . The other one can last for 10min so one revives
As long as it’s not like the first Jurassic park survival we’ll be ok
Could be the game i always wished for as a kid
Lol she's running away from a Dilophosaurus, things are weak but she's a woman soooooooo lol jk
I've been saying Dino Crisis needed a reboot or remaster for years.  This definitely fills a hole!
I bet it's 30% game play...70% cut screens and button mashing
Mia Khalifa and her fans, the game.
So this is why they shut down two fan games trying to make something similar XD Just hope it will be worth it, so far the trailer felt more like lazy fan service and cheap nostalgia bait
Yay, none of that Jurassic World nonsense! Looks great so far 🦖🦕😄
I'd love this game to be a long game, but it seems that it'd last about 5-7 hours to finish the story
Is that mia khallifa😐
this is litterally ALL I WANTED for a jurassic park game for YEARS. i hope we get to hunt the dinosaurs as well, it would be incredible 🙏
muppets and also crazy taxi next gen.
That kitchen sure has had a lot of visitors….
We've been wanting for this for too long, and now, looking at the trailer, probably we don't even deserve it. Looks amazing
Reminds me of that fan game Universal sent a 'cease and desist' to for being too accurate.
Me estás vacilando
what is doing Mia Khalifa in Nublar guys?
A DREAM COME TRUE, YES! For those who don’t know, this game was cancelled YEARS ago and was supposed to coincide with Jurassic Park 3. Under the same name too! Finally, it’s realized! 🎉❤
6 years of early access with rarely any updates incoming!
No thanks, I'll go back to Dino Crisis 1 and 2.
amazing it shows nothing
Remember the Telltale Jurrassic Park game?
Did you have to make a scene exactly like the first movie? Coulda been a little more creative there...
The dinosaurs do tend to get a bit quirky at night...
I love what i see!
is it coop?
YES DINOSAUR HORROR
Should have been in VR 😔
Well finally! It only took about 30 years for my favorite film to finally come with a (hopefully good) survival game that takes place in the time period of the first film. I've wanted a game like this ever since Jurassic Park Operations! Or a Dino Crisis remake ;)
We also need a Jurrasic Park game where you play as a mercenary
Less gooooooooooo
Hope she's not actually in the game. Another woke cringe snore
It's incredible how Jurassic Park has a different sense of tension than Jurassic World
Thank God I'm alive to see this happening! Since Jurassic Park: Trespasser I've always dreamed about a Jurassic Park Survival game
Couldn't make the protagonist a man?
I wonder if it will be like dino crisis
I have a feeling it will be the next overly political woke game.
wow looks amazin, and they got actual movie location's to!
Of course you have to play as a fuckin female
Press "0" if you want to own an island.
¡Finally!, after so many years, they will finally create a survival game of the franchise, I hope it will be like Alien Insolation, which also knew how to revitalize its saga
This looks like the original vision of JP:Trespasser is coming to life.
Finally!!! Looks amazing!!!
Finally!
What trouble are you involved with now Mia Kha? Now dinosaurs? 🤭, just kidding this looks promising,i just wish i had the console, the money, and the time to enjoy this stuff.
2024 is getting exciting!
I thought this had been cancelled
GOD
Who let Mia Khalifa on Isa Nublar
스팀에 언제 등록되나요?
Do people still get impressed by f@king cg trailers/teasers for games??? This crap should've stopped in the early 2000s.  They wasted so much time on the CG only to show 3 seconds of real gameplay flashes.
Make it a co-op survival. Where we round up the dinos to prepare for Jurassic World! 4-6 player co-op!
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Alien Isolation Jurassic Park style 😮
If this game its like alíen isolation is gonna be fire because of all the dinosaurs
The amount of details and Easter eggs and accuracy is insane. And it looks so realistic, best graphics I’ve seen in a video game in a while. It’s beautiful
Dino crisis in a Jurassic Park skin this is going to be epic I am hyped 👍
Why does she look like Mia Kahlifa 😂
🔥🔥🔥👍 awesome I like it can't wait when come out
You should make a horror movie (no more trash like Jurassic World Dominion).
Mia Khalifa took a good turn in her career path
I bet this is why they shut down that Jurassic Park indie game made in dreams
I cant wait for this
The godfather of hide and seek
Put a chick in it, make it gay and lame!
Imagine killing an incredible fan project (jurassic park operations for Dreams) to then show us this pre rendered fake trailer.......this better be a solid release, but I doubt it.
1:53 was the moment me and my brother lost our minds. We've always dreamt of an Alien Isolation-esque dinosaur survival game, and for it to be Jurassic Park is absolutely perfect. Hope this game meets our expectations
Jurassic park has always been a horror game why did they forget.😂
Finally! We have our dreams realised! A Jurassic Park Survival game! 🔥
Unoriginal Recycling! I want the game @Krenautican was making!
I need this Now!! 🦖♥️🦖
I'm gona loose it if some how this gets canceled
"eesla nooba"  Gameplay looked decent
Please add a VR (Virtual Reality) version. It would be absolutely insane and sell like hotcakes
If they don't rush this.  It will be great.  Please don't let it be plagued by modern gaming
Wenn das wirklich war ist und kein fake ist ...... geil darauf hab ich gewartet, wann soll das raus kommen
Omg YES
Her ears are giant
If they make this kinda like alien isolation I could see it being really good
Did you really have to make the hero a latina?  (or Indian?) I mean, 99% of games releases in 2023 featured a non-white character. Don't you think it's ENOUGH now?  Like, having from time to time ONE game with a white character could be nice, you know? Are we really asking too much?
They Fuk’n listened to us 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽😜
This looks great! I wonder if it will tie in Jurassic Park: The Game (the Telltale one). I also hope it’s not quick time events, those just seem easy to mean and takes away the suspense.
Alright alright alright!
Dinosaurs, Survival Horror and Mia Khalifa.  My life is now complete.
Reminds me of "Jurassic Park The game" it was great 😁 i'm looking forward to this one 😀
Finally a come back! Love Jurassic Park!
Within the first 5 seconds of the trailer I said to my friends "man.....I'd love to have an OG Jurassic Park Survival game" You gave me EXACTLY what I wanted LOL I've very excited for this game!!!!!!!
will buy
Jurassic Park Operations got lawyer murdered for this so it better be as good if not better than what JPO showed us
judging from the pre-rendered trailer, This game is going to awful.
Finally I can play as Mia Khalifa in a game 😂
Me watching all the new trailers from the game awards, noticing their isn't one trailer with game play attached to it.
sneaking around dinosaurs WITH your flashlight on....OKEEEY! Good luck, strong female lead.
HOLLY SH!T this is the game Ive wanted since 1993!
Chick looks ugly. Hopefully mods will fix that.
Oh nice😮👍 my last Jurassic Park game was on the SNES
please have common sense controls and camera angles
Oh my fcking god, FINALLY YOU'VE DONE WHAT WE'VE ASKED FOR YEARS
Wow this looks bad. It's just "look, all this stuff happened in da furst mobie! Aren't you nostalgic?!"  I'll never understand you people, you're so regarded.
looks great, be nice if it was vr too - if only the vr controllers have enough buttons like the "switch" left and right joy con does.
When a trailer is over loaded with 'member-berry scenes....I question its quality
For the younger ones here: A lot of people have been wanting a survival game like this in the Jurassic Park universe since Trespasser (1998) failed. Hopefully this one will be good!!!
Mia Khalifa in... JURASSIC PARK
Doesn’t look like it’s “horrory” enough.  Interested to see how it turns out though
I love that they put Mia Khalifa in something reputable 🤣
PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER LAME AND GAY!!!!
This better be in VR.
So everyone is saying how good it looks. The actual gameplay at the end looks average. The game will not look like the cinema trailer.
Why didn’t I hear about this sooner this looks awesome!! Screw GTA 6
i knew life would find a way
Finally after years of fantasizing of a jurassic park horror content. Its finally here
Why is Mia khalifa stuck on isla nublar💀
Tired of all these female based survival horror titles… I’d rather see if Muldoon survived, what about a reboot of JPTG from telltale? Those characters were a little more believable right? Idk I don’t have high hopes for this. Just cheap re-enactments and references to the movie
Why haven't we thought of this before ??? Wtf.   Always liked survival games but always imagined serial killers and horror movie characters.  Now this will be interesting.
VR pretty pretty please 🙏
Been waiting for this for a long time, thank you for doing it 🥹
This actually looks good and honestly I'd give it a play.
One step closer to make jurassic park the horror it deserves to be.   FINALLY (*insert demonic indoraptor roaring)
WE WANTED THIS GAME FOR LONG 30 YEARS!!!
Is she related to Jeff Goldblum? Lol
This looks so good omg!
Lol could they make her any worse looking?
Main character ticked all the boxes
Oh man, this is what I’ve always wanted in a Jurassic Park game
So is this Jurassic pARK?
This is so awesome
I CAN'T WAIT
Ark looking good these days.
Hopefully they can make it VR compatible cause that would make it a lot cooler
Five nights at Rexies
Tyrannosaurus rex: SEGA!
Does she look like Mia Khalifa or it's just my dirty mind ?
FINALLY
Alien Isolation 2 Jurassic Boogaloo  Life finds a way.
Honestly, make this into a movie. This has been a plot that's been screaming to be made for decades.
Dude I'm SO glad they didn't forget the raptor on the freezer lmao
I like the part where she runs away from the Dilophosaurus but stands up to the T.rex pulling a flare out of her butt. Then proceeds to Bollywood dance out of the situation.
Life found a way..😏
STOP!
*dies from peak fiction*
It's look like a great game to play also the girl that I just saw looks like a xxx star just look at her and yu know what I'm talking about could be wrong but look like her lol😅
Finally"
TRESSPASSER vibes, in a good way.
Wow so for all these years we wanted a proper Jurassic Park game we get this... which looks amazing but I ain’t paying $100 to be no female   Guess at 28 gaming will be over for me, at least modern gaming should’ve never bought next gen consoles if I had known every title would make me skip each release oh well lesson learned expensive one for sure 💯
Why is Mia Khalifa on isla nubar?
Trespasser: finally a worthy opponent, our battle shall be legendary
i wanna be excited at the idea, but at the same time the number of Jurassic park games there has been that hasn't been amazing keeps me on the edge of not getting hyped , please please be worth it
I see a lot of comments from non gamers with questions. Yes this is a game coming out on Xbox, PlayStation and PC (release date TBA). It’s developed by Saber who made World War Z, a very good zombie horde survival game. They’re also working on a A Quiet Place game. The beginning is just pre-rendered CGI, and only the last few frames are in-game alpha footage. It will be an FPS starring Maya Joshi trying to survive on Isla Nublar in 1993. I hope this helps.
Main character looks a lot like Mia Khalifa 😂
To me this t-rex got the coolest roar  of any dino movie or game.
This visually looks suspiciously so good...
I'm not usually into these types of games, but this looks really good!
ALIEN ISOLATION: 2: Jurassic Park.
main character looks woke
Cash grab!
Mia Khalifa vs dinosaurs hell yea
First
This looks like what Trespasser wanted to be
"Ooh cool, I love Jurassic Park" "Oh cool there's thr lft behind stuff" "Dang its the same hiding spot in the kitchen!" "DANG ITS THE STUFF THE VELOCIRAPTOR KNOCKED OVER!" 1:51 "I'm dead take my money"
MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED WE FINALLY HAVE ANOTHER JURASSIC PARK GAME
I'll never understand how a horde of idiots praise a fully cinematic trailer. They haven't shown you anything but about 2 seconds worth of individual .5 second clips at the very end. Not only that, but the cinematic trailer isn't even original. They're literally replaying moments from the movies in different ways. Limping with the flashlight is meant to remind of you of Adler in jp1, the kitchen scene, the dilo, pushing against the gate like nedry did, and then holding the flare. This is straight nostalgia bait and you all fell for it. Grow a brain and realize the con you're falling for.
Pinch me, I'm dreaming.
OOOOH GOD I NEED THIS GAME
I really Hope there's a VR Mode adaption just like thier doing for Resident Evil
Is this canon?
I’m just so RAGGING ROCK HARD after watching this trailer
This and JP Trespasser!!! Please
I see they got the woke memo
Please be good 🙏
Looks good, just don't turn this chick into a raging feminist misandrist who has to keep reminding us she doesn't "need" men or blames men for everything.
This looks dope. There’s still a Raptor in that cold storage fridge too…
This looks amazing. One of the most realistic games I’ve ever seen. And it’s literally a survival game.
Yeah, this won't work..
But can we romance the velociraptors?
I would love to see "The Stalkers" on this game, it would be a pleasure seeing them again. This trailer made me super excited!
It's incredible how Jurassic Park has a different sense of tension than Jurassic World
Yoooo and Mia Khalifa in the game!!!
I'm just glad Mia Khalifa found respectable work.
Look I ain't even gonna lie   I only liked because there is a soaked nerdy girl in glasses
A similar storyline was also used in telltale’s jurrassic park wasn’t it?
Na moral  a protagonista tá parecendo a mia caulifla
Imagine this in PSVR!!
Mia Khalifa?
Good to have the T. Rex in the spotlight again instead of other large carnivores
Dino Crisis mixed with Alien Isolation oh god
Superb!
FINALLY. The game we have all been waiting for!
Is that Mia Khalifa?
I'm not much of a gaming guy, but I'm playing this game just for the nostalgia, LET'S GOO
I bet that fan game “Jurassic Park: Operations” finally gave Universal the wake up call. This literally looks exactly like it.   Or this is the secret REAL reason Universal copyright striked the creators and wanted it halted.   Anyways, it’s a win for fans.
How'd the cold storage door get unlocked? Did the raptor have telekinetic powers too??
It invokes so many nostalgic childhood memories.
This is now my most anticipated game. Ive wanted a first person survival game for Jurassic park for YEARS. Its probably my favourite film
Since 1993 WE want a FPV Game IN that JurassicPark.. no "World" or "The Lost World"... just THIS!! Seams to be an houre after AND sametime as the movieplot takes place.
Wow... Just superb! I think this is the best installment in the Jurassic Park franchise after Jurassic Park
I hope its not female character only. If it is....No money for YOU!!!!
I've played a game similar like to this before. Jurassic park the game? I can't remember. It's been more than a decade.
Finally a Survival Horror Game that We’ve all been waiting For! 🔥
Wow!!! Spectacular Encounter with the Dilophosaurus and...Welcome back, Rexy!
Good job making the main character a person of color, I don’t want to assume their identity but I’m assuming it’s a man
Spare no expense
Hell yeah! Starring Mhia Khalifa! 🙌🏻
so mia khalifa in jurassic park?
i trust studio saber.
WHAAAAAAAAT
I am not crying. Someone was cutting an onion I swear. This is beautiful in all ways possible.
Don't get me wrong I loved the ps1 Jurassic park game I hated the Jurassic world evolution game but holy cow now this is a Jurassic park game that me and plenty of fans have been waiting for lol
Mia Khalifa doing side quest
Female characters! OMG gaming is too woke now! /s
Mia Khalifa as a main character.
There Back 🦖 🦕 Great take it Back to steven spielberg days
Dont forget to include herrerasaurus   meybe even metriacathosaurus
I've been saying for years now that a survival-horror game set in the aftermath of Jurassic Park or The Lost World would be perfect.  Finally seeing that concept being explored has me so, so happy.
I’ll wait until I see more gameplay before I start to get excited. Looks promising though from the tiny bit we did see.
Hopefully PS VR2 compatible🤞
Playing as some British bisexual. Pass
Would be nice if the trailer showed some actual crafting and survival. "Helpless dork" isn't really the most interesting of protagonists.
YES! HORROR! NIGHT! DARKNESS! SURVIVAL! THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR!!
NO WAY
Looks amazing! But if you can't defend yourself, like shotguns, and flares as was seen, and what not, this won't be worth a penny. If this game is like alien isolation, this game will BOMB!! PLEASE DEVS, PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME AVAILABLE WITH WEAPONS AND TACTICAL OPTIONS FOR THEM. Idc if I have to solve puzzles or find items to have a weapon. That would make it fun. Like having to grab dudes shotgun from his velociraptor encounter from the woods.
Mia Khalifa  in a game is something unexpected
It looks nice but uh... could you make an uglier character?
Super excited to go back to Jurassic Park with Mia Khalifa (I mean, look at the main character. It's her.).
Getting some real Alien Isolation vibes but with Jurassic Park setting, looks promising!
add another diverse woman make it more lame and gay!
Can we play as Newman ( Dennis)? Haha if so I’m in!
The biggest frustration is how she's terrified of the "spitty dinosaur that goes *hsssss*" but stands bravely in front of our fav T-Rex  Other than that, I'm looking forward to seeing more
When I first saw this trailer yesterday I was baffled and couldn’t believe my eyes, but rewatching it I am even more excited
Will it be multy choice or what?
Ive been craving jurassic park content lately. Finished the first 2 books recently. Bought some toys. Rewatched the old movies. Now THIS is perfect. Lets make dinos scary again
I bet the character's name is Mia.
Sorry I am not like these game
I thought that was Ian Malcolm's daughter for a sec
Yaaaaaaaaasssssss! Finally!!!
Eyebrows raised! I'm looking forward to checking this out!!
Mia Khalifa bs Dinosaurs 😂
Who was the genius that modeled the main character after Mia Khalifa? Should have at least gave us a choice between male & female characters! That alone will turn off people from this game
Finally ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
stupid dinosaurus won't eat her already 😂
Hopefully it's better then the one on Sega CD from years ago.
MIA KHALIFA AS THE LEAD??😂🔥🔥👌
Put a chick in it and make her gay
This looks like they're really embracing the horror aspect of the franchise!
Ahhh Yes a Walking Sim... 👎
This did not look good. No gameplay.. just some woman running around all the iconic scenes... in exactly the same way as the main characters. I'll wait until I see some more gameplay.  Edit: Looks like they changed up a lot to pander. Don't mind if I don't. What a waste.
It’s about time
The part which made no sense was the fire in the game
Why is it always a chick protagonist? It is like every game now. At least give me the option.
They better not F this up. They killed JP operations for this so it better be good.
👏👏👏💥💥
Mia Khalifa❤
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Why are you torturing us and watching videos at 24 frames per second?
Alien Isolation 2 ?
Fanservice, fanservice everywhere. Look for survival horror? play Alien Isolation.
I'm loving the disclaimer at the bottom "PRE-RENDERED FOOTAGE" coupled with the voiceover of "I wanted to show them something that wasn't an illusion, something real". Someone clearly didn't think that one through...
Wow I was almost fooled into thinking this was a movie trailer for a game. The graphics and motion capture are almost perfect and indistinguishable from a live action film. If the game has even half the details and graphics and they put the effort in the whole game as they did with the trailer, then this will be amazing.
Mia Khalifa looks good in this game.
Does not look fun but sure I’ll get it.
please please dont be dead by daylight with dinosaurs
This has to be co op right
Will there be more dinosaur movies ☹️
What is Saber?
It is TIME!
I also really hope that this game does well enough that they make a sequel set on Isla Sorna. The Lost World: Survival, if you will. It could be like a improved remake of Trespasser, but be set after JP III, so we get that film's locations and dinosaurs in addition to TLW's. Just imagine having the Buck and Doe T.rex couple and the Spinosaurus in the same game, as the apex predators of their own  halves of the island. But more than anything, imagine having to go into the long grass from TLW. In first person. Or going into the JP III Aviary. Thought the Pteranodon all flew away at the end? Think again...  No matter what, I'm definitely supporting this product to show Universal that we want more from the Jurassic license than just park builders!
How are the graphics for this better than GTA 6?
Trailer is just pure memberberries.. I mean the graphics look great but cmon, do something new not just have her act out the exact same things the characters in the movie do 🙄
Finally a come back! Love Jurassic Park!
Too good to be true
so it's like mirror's edge game?
Thought this was out as a VR game, this some kinda upgrade?
MOBILE PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
A bit bummed games like this are being made for ps4 and not ps5. This game looks awesome but I won't be able to play it on console
Can't even pronounce "ISLA" 🤣
A departure from Mia Kalifa's usual roles but rule 34 i guess. You're welcome, once you see it you cant unsee it.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !
ive waited 30 years for this 😌😌😌
finaly
We need mobile games
that's actually a really cool idea and survival horror in the JP franchise is something the fans have always asked for. I cant' wait!!
Queremos isso ❤❤❤❤
Amazing ❤❤❤❤❤
Jurassic Park was the first one right? or the second? I always forget...........
This looks amazing 😮😮😮😮😮😮
Jurassic park with Mia Califat !?😮 I'm ok 🥂🍾👍🍀
thats Mia Khalifa....
This is amazing! It is exciting to have a Jurassic Park survival horror game.
ive always wanted to know what happend with the raptor in the fridge, i dont know if the game is supposed to be cannon, probably not, but still, ii have high hopes for this game!
as a jurassic park fan. I'm happy they are releasing a Survival Game!
No way 😱😱😱😱
Incroyable
Motion physics are off.
Man thisbisbamazing
This is the game I’ve needed for all these years thank you for announcing this I can finally rest in peace now
Starring Mia Khalifa.
Ansioso 🎉🎉🎉
This is the game I was waiting for since 1994, watching Jurassic Park the fist time as a kid on vhs on our little tv 🥲 So shut up and take my money
This is the game I was waiting for since 1994, watching Jurassic Park the fist time as a kid on vhs on our little tv 🥲 So shut up and take my money
Games like this shouldn't be first person. Its what held Cyberpunk back.
Nothing better than jurassic PARK horror
Why not Co op
Me: How is she being chased by a raptor? Rexie killed two, and the third was left to freeze.  -trailer ends-  Me: Oh....
Mia Khalifa Pogchamp
was hoping for a custom character but doesn't seem like it, otherwise seems cool.
Finally, a strong, independent, intelligent non-white non-male video game protagonist! We've never seen this before!
They knew we'd never get Dino Crisis 3, so they did it themselves
This is what i wanted in the Jurassic World VR game. Can't wait for this game to come out even though its not VR.
So happy that they're doing the original. Unfortunately it looks like they put a chick in it and made it gay and lame.
No GTA trailer but still good
Jurassic Park fans. We finally get what we've been asking for. Let's goo!
That T-Rex roar is one of the most memorable and iconic movie sounds from my childhood. Fun fact: the growl the tyrannosaurs make before they roar is actually the sound elephants used to communicate over long distances. We normally can’t hear it because it’s below our hearing range, but when elephants are recorded and the audio is pitched up by a few octaves, we can hear them rumbling to each other over long distances.
Was the main character modeled on Mia Khalifa 😂
for anyone that love dinosaurs just like me, i've been wishlisting a lot of dinosaurs related games on steam: -ARK 2 -Instinction -The Lost Wild -Deathground -FEROCIOUS -Glaciered
I want it!!!!! It’s like alien isolation
This game actually looks really good. Hopefully the protagonist we're playing as is well-written, as well.
🎉🎉🎉
Yay mary sue
finally content producers are listening to fans?
This could be great!
Heck yeah, that's what we wanted! 🥳 The only question is when?,
This perfecto
Actually so hype
I’m throwing money at the screen but nothing’s happening.
They should do one revolving around Isla Sorna.
If this is multiplayer, it’s gonna be awesome
MIA KHALIFA 😍😍😍
Incrível a perfeição.
Please don't flop please don't flop please don't flop
what a load of shite
Let’s gooo
As a huge Jurassic Park fan I'm beyond excited!!
Alien: Isolation 2 looks strange :O
Mia Khalifa totally threw me for a loop 🤣
Finally! My six year old self just cried tears of joy.  😂 Really though.  I’ve been waiting for a game like this for the majority of my gaming life.
This looks so stupid running from dinosaurs again... Right now would be the perfect time for Capcom to remake Dino Crisis and crush Universal/Amblin Entertainment... How the hell you gonna have a dinosaur where you can't even defend yourself... Let's just face facts you would not be able to sneak around dinosaurs.
I hope they add metriacanthosaurs aswell..
First person... why god, why?
Wow !!
Im scared and happy at the same time. Just like the first time i saw JP. AND I LOVE IT!
I’m genuinely shocked by how many awesome reveals we got last night. This one is definitely high up on my list of anticipated games now
LETSGOOOO 😍 this looks great! Is this available in UK?
Please PLEASE make this Apple MacBook compatible!
She kinda looks real but i think its the eyes that kinda throw me off
Is this the revival of the cancelled 2000's project with the same name?
Sick
Can’t wait!
Lot of clawed toes in the mud here
I LOVE the “is anyone there” and the dilophosaurus just peeking over like “yeah, me, I’m here”
Finally, we don't only have to resort to ark and the jurassic park simulator games instead. (Though ark is amazing)
Meh Ferocious, Instinction and the lost wild look better than this.
I'm sorry but if there's no weapons in this game it's Fuckin stupid... I imagine there isn't because of Universal and Amblin Entertainment having a clause in the contract that says that says no dinosaurs in any piece of Jurassic Park/World media can be killed with firearms... So lame
Mia Khalifa with dinosaurs?
Spoiler alert:  she won’t survive
That female charakter looks like a women i know from my other online research
Pleasebegoodpleasebegood
I really hope this is open world and not linear, I would die for that
Whoa!!!!!!
friendly reminder that these pre alpha "gameplay footage" videos are recorder in a way that will in no way, shape or form reflect the final product of the game. think of the advertising of a mcdonalds burger on a display board then think of that same burger when you get it. completely different. this game will more than likely turn out mediocre at best, do not get sucked into the highly eddited trailer.
So glad it’s Jurassic Park and not World. World series is such an embarrassment to the franchise.
Ok, this has got me hyped!
FINNALY !
Meh I was hoping for POT comparison survival. Still looks awesome but ya ><
We makin it outta cold storage with this one 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔊❗❗❗
is this a first or third person? I'm confused (it's great to see "Park" in the title instead of "World". lol)
You took too long with Dino Crisis Capcom, now we have this
Mia Khalifa?
What a nice surprise! Looks awesome!
FINALLY!!!
Good as the movie
Hope its just got the dinos that were in the park/rumoured to be
so.... When is the release date?
oh wow ... look a diverse Woman of Color doing Member Berries ... g-f-y
So they just copied all the scenes from the movie…
I hope there's no walking simulator to drag the pacing and I hope dinosaur AI is engaging and well-designed. Also, great throwbacks to classic film
Make me remember the "first person shooter Pc game" long ago!
I would have been far more impressed if they hadn't just rehashed iconic scenes from the movie for the trailer.
Can you play as a GOAT ?
Mia Khalifa survives Jurassic Park
2:07 お前、生きてたのか！
Mya looks like Claudia Doumit.
Can we play as a character that doesn’t look like Mia Kalifa?
Let’s go, Mia Khalifa as a game character. Best game ever!!!!
This looks amazing!!!
I hope it's going to be as great as Alien Isolation. Please, take your time, ask for more time and money if needed, but PLEASE do it right ! That's how you will make BIG MONEY. If the game is good, you can surely count me in. If it's not, i'll turn my head quicker then a clever girl.
Replaced the white girl with a person of color - Pandering, 0/10, won't buy.
Génial
It had to be a diverse f3male.
When will the female protagonists stop
They did it. Crazy sons of bitches, they did it.
I hope it's good but I'm not holding my breath
No way they left behind a woman of color who is a doctor in 2023
single player :(
Finally! A real Jurassic Park game.
Please Universal let the devs take their time with this game! It looks amazing and reminds me of the incredible Kong game Ubisoft made by the time of the Peter Jackson movie.
No one is going to talk about how she looks like Mia Khalifa?
I was worried it was a Dead by Daylight crossover, but I didn't expect a full survival horror game 🥹 please be good, this all I've wanted. Was willing to settle for Dino Crisis... lol but this 😁
Coop with friends would make this better, just saying! :)
Mia Joshi?....Mia Khalifa? >_> really now...
Looks amazing!!!!
🎉 wow 🎉.                                I'm very excited to play this type of game, especially if it's Jurassic Park 🎊🎊🎊👍
This game will rival Gollum.
🎉 wow 🎉   I'm very excited to play this type of game, especially if it's Jurassic Park 🎊🎊🎊👍
seems nice BUT Just singleplayer in 2023? u guys are stuck in 1993 its just a intro and we all know how it can be different from the game btw still hope
Loved the Nostalgia cash-in and 5 seconds of gameplay. 😂
Why is it first person? :(
So, this is basically Jurassic Park Trespasser on steroids? Well at least this one looks complete and actually pretty cool.
FINALLY
a dream is about to become reality
KATHLEEN KENNEDY MADE THIS GAME.
30 years waiting for this, and it’s FINALLY HERE! WHOOOHOOOO 🎉
Because it's always o Xbox Series X or Play Station 5?? Couldn't Xbox One be less?? 😅😂 And by the way I liked how the video game looks, of course if they are like Minecraft it won't be like the game...
Thought based on the name this would actually be a survival genre game but sadly doesn't look like it.
Theres no way this is happening! After all these years, while the JW Aftermatch was really great, but im even more excitited for this one. hope they wont mess this up. altough im really hoping for vr support, the Aftermatch was great on it! And I have a really big hope of seeing Segisaurus in tis game.
Okay I now have a reason to buy a PS5, large TV and surround sound system.
Didn't remember Mia Khalifa in the first Jurassic Park film.
SIGN ME THE F**K UP 😄
YES
I'm so glad that Mia Khalifa in spite of adversities managed to build a career in paleontology
This CGI is on the next level! The girl looks so convincing and never falls into "uncanny valley". Surprising to see such a quality in a trailer for a videogame.
The trailer is a jurassic park clips speedrun
It’s finally happening a update of Jurassic Park game 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
This is the game I have been waiting for ever since 2018 when I first read Michael Crichton's books and saw Fallen Kingdom. Even if it isn't a full horror game, I don't care as long as there's tension and suspense.  I CANNOT WAIT!!!!!!
Im only interested if the player can use weapons and defend themselves. A running away simulator is not my idea of fun.
Jw evolution is awesome but this takes number 1
FINALLY 😁😁😁😁 all these years of waiting!!! The proper Jurassic Park video game!!!
We get to play as Mia Kahlifa.. Nice!
Mia khalifa mocap ?
They actually are making Trespasser 2. A part of me kind of hopes they have the noodle arm still.
So you're playing as Mia Khalifa? 😏
Her behavior was so tropey in this trailer, but the game looks awesome!
I'm surprised they are only doing this now - I mean the Jurassic Park universe is such a sick world to set a game in!!
It'll be good if main character dies at the end, too many happy endings that ruin a lot of stories
Looks great. Trailer copied almost every action that happend in the movie.
How many of you Ark players dodged that dilo's sprayed venom instinctively? 😂
no way😍
Now this is the Jurassic Park game I’ve been waiting for! Not those Park building simulators. Not that those are bad but those seem to be the only type of JP games that we get.
Only wish this was a movie too
"Prerendered footage" followed by "Something that was real"
what i wonder isit singleplayer or online? on the end it seems like a singleplayer game were u see some gameplay but online would be cool or at least coop
This is one of those worlds where it doesn't matter whether you're a man or a woman...when you time is up, it's up 💀
Press x to member berry
Mia Khalifa vs T-rex
Finally! This is the story I always wish they did! My only issue is with the mimicry of Laura Dern and the kitchen scene copy.
Bean
Did this channel actually copied rockstar that they post gta Vi trailer and got so many views so we should also post the trailer of our game 😂😂😂😂
Ray Arnold? Still alive, missing an arm, yet still smoking, helps her escape?
Back to the park where it all started. Under the true name.
This is the best thing I have ever seen in my life 😮❤ rexy please
Amazing ❤❤❤
Remeeeembeeer the kitcheeeen sceeene? Remeeeemberrrr? Honestly, I hope this also bring some new ideas and not just rehash of scenes and motifs from the movie.  PS voice acting was awful.
Better not be one of those multiplayer/co-op games. 🤞
Alien isolation in Jurassic park would be good, but the gameplay shown looks like a vr game
Interesting trailer
Jurassic Park the Game Remake
I don't normally play first person view games but... gimme.
Don't muck it up! Wanted a game like this since trespasser failed.
This game would be good on vr/oculas
I'm so excited for this, I so want this
Mia Khalifa?!?
Mia khalifa againt dinosaurs? Great!
Wows
Can we get an option for a Male/Female lead? We get it, everything has to be diverse and males are the enemy now. But guess what? Im a male, and a want to play my video games as a male.
I hope we see the trodons in Jurassic Park The Game again
The new Jurassic Park Survival is not the JP Survival on PS2 that I wanted since I was a child, but it is the Jurassic Park Survival that we needed. 🥲
Niceee 👀😍
20 years and 2 seconds of gameplay
Poor trespasser.
YYYEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Dino crisis fans where you at?
Thought it was Mia Khalifa at first
Dinosaurs and Mia Khalifa? I'm in.
I've noticed that recent game releases, like GTA 6 and even this Jurassic Park Survival game, seem to be incorporating a lot of elements associated with political correctness. There's been a shift in the choice of main characters, such as having a female lead. I'm curious about the reasoning behind these decisions. While I understand the importance of diversity and representation, it seems like some of these choices may not be resonating well with audiences. It's interesting to see how the industry navigates the balance between pushing for inclusivity and ensuring the success of their projects. This phenomenon isn't limited to games; even movies, including those with female leads, seem to face challenges in garnering attention. It's a complex topic, and I'm interested to see how different entertainment companies adapt to changing trends
Finally a real Jurassic Park game for once?
This is insane!
🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🌌👍
Yeah, looks great. I loved Jurassic Park Trespasser as a kid. It ist crap and frustrating. A childhood memories. Anyways, looking forward to this game. I hope they do it right!
Makes sense now why Universal sent a letter to the guys making a similar game in dreams on ps5.
I want to see an actual full gameplay trailer before I give this a green light in my book.   Horror Jurassic park games seems awesome, only if it’s executed right
Let’s just hope you don’t have to kill any dinosaurs
Looks really like that what we all wanted for years. But it seems like not releasing for PS4.... Meh -,-
will i be able to play as a triracial nonbinary transspecies animal trapped in a humans body??
Why the same scene in 2023 ?...
Childhood nightmare simulator... can't wait! This game is gonna be amazing!
Mia Khalifa the game
thank you for this! thank you all!
1:46 that rex is only lvl 95 I wouldn't tame it would be a waste of prime meat/kibble
So I'm assuming she's injured which is why she's stumbling like a newborn, the way she's just dropping is a bit ridiculous but hey I can also assume she's been running nonstop
Dino Crisis is it you??
Hopefully it’s better than the new Avatar game.
FIX REXY WITH REAL JURASSIC PARK 1993  VERSION AND NOT WITH THE ONE OF JURASSIC WORLD 2015 !!!! 1:50
Idk how to feel about this  being some random woman that never existed and copy pasteing movie scenes is kinda meh but a jurassic park survival game is pretty cool. Having it set on a diff island from the start of the breakdown maybe playing from the view of a family would of made it play likes its own movie tho.
Hope you can play as Alan, that’s all that’s missing
Nightmare fuel. Bring it on.
lets talk about the fact that the raptor that got locked in the cold storage LIVED.
lets talk about the fact that the raptor that got locked in the cold storage LIVED.
I'm from India Seeing this reminded me of my childhood. I have seen this film many times. Abhi. I saw it a few months ago. Now I am very excited to see it. Thanks for this.
Looks dumb
OMG YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!
I always felt this series cpuld be amazing as horror and now look a pretty decent looking survival horror
WHEN WILL THE NEXT NEW PART BE Jurassic Park or Jurassic World???
The game i desire for years
krenautican had the idea first
got some trespasser vibes from this one
Parecía una puta pelicula😳
I hate First Person Games
amazing!! i always like playing jurrassic world evolutuon but park management is overkill at a point. this very exciting the graphic are just amazing. launch date could be somewhere in 2025 i believe.
Dilophosaurus the goat.
Mia Khalifa en jurassic park jajajaj
Hell yesss ❤❤
Playing as Mia Khalifa
THIS BETTER HAVE VR SUPPORT RIGHT FROM THE START !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seems like a LOT of bot comments
Maia khalifa 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Am I the only one who thinks that this new protagnost looks like a certain Lebanese actress?
I was expecting maybe an almost-open world alien isolation with the whole island and objectives(you know, get some access cards, send  sos, Energy, etc...) But the trailer makes me think It would be not so big, and its not bad, just want It to really make me feel afraid of some big lizzards
So how did she know about the flare?... It looks like mirrors edge with dinosaurs. I'm not going to get excited till I see reviews
Site B. DLC please!
John Williams Jurassic Park Score never disappoints
FINALLY DINO HORROR!!!!!!!!
well .. if the MC is this, won't be playing it, sadly.
MY DREAM GAME ❤🎉
Wouldn't Rexy be fatter? It looks like they're using the World model where they stopped feeding her for twenty years.  Good luck being better than Trespasser though.
A game for high blood pressure. :)
THIS LOOKS AMAZING OMG❤
PUT A CHICK IN IT, MAKE HER LAME AND GAY!
This feels like a perfect 90s horror sequel. Insert that a character was around during the first one just off screen and now we're seeing their story. Feels like something we would've seen back in the day. Love it
It's this an ACTUAL Jurassic Park survival game that doesn't involve park building?!?! 😭😭😭 Christmas came early y'all
It’s cool there’s a story game, but the people hating on Evolution don’t know what they’re missing
yeah enough of those park builders
Stop trying to milk a dead franchise and come up with something original ffs.  Talk about a future flop in the making.
Yes!!! Alien Isolation but JP… everything we’ve ever wanted. Please let it be properly scary, truly survival horror. M rated would be awesome
IM EXCITED ASF
Mia Khalifa really turned things around with this Jurassic Park gig.
When it's a new video game.
Now I want Jurassic World: Survival  🎉
She's braver than anyone from 1993, apparently
This is what these corporate studios do. They get you all excited for something nostalgic and force feed you political diversity equity and inclusion nonsense and ruin the entire thing.
Hope it won't be a point and click game. Looks awesome
VR Please
Wow what a let down. Operations should’ve been released
how this is actually very good! at first i thought that was a film trailer , let's hope for the best
A better fan made game got cancelled for this!
Jurassic Isolation
U know the gameplay will suck when the cutscene is realistic 😂
Yes please❤
That looks like crap.
I've been dreaming for a JP survival game since i was a kid ❤❤
Last scene OMG
The game looks great! Can't wait to play it!
This is going to blow, I can already tell
This is just a 'best bits' compilation from the film with 5 seconds of gameplay..
Thank god the character is both diverse & a female, now I can enjoy it.
I like the bits of gameplay we saw. The cinematic was cool and gave you an idea, but it wasn't scary, the dialogue was cheesy as hell, and the music was meh.
Dino Crisis is back ? 😂
I’m ready to play this new game as Mia Khalifa
A game 30 years in the making. FINALLY somebody does the lay-up that fans have been asking for forever!
I can only say thank you, you makes me smile a lot ❤
Suddenly the fact they cancelled.that indy fan project makes sense just like with the unofficial metronidazole two they where waiting to announce a legitimate one
This needs to be the next movie!
This just may beat Alien Isolation for scariest game.
This is a trailer...not gameplay...how does it "look good"
Aww I was wondering how there was a raptor it's the one Tim and lex locked in the freezer. I guess something you do will unlock the door.
Finally a Jurassic Park Horror Game we all been waiting for cant wait! 🎉
I hope this will be similar to Dead by Daylight
Please be like alien isolation!
I always knew that the freezer raptor could have survived!
Wait so the raptor didn’t freeze to death 💀
YES! been asking for this since alien isolation came out.
IDC WHAT ANYONE SAYS BUT THESE SCENES WERE 🤌🏼. OMG IM GONNA REWATCH JP AGAIN
Why is Mia Khalifa on the Island ?
LETS GO!
I'm glad to see that Mia Khalifa is still acting
I Hope , this is NOT a Multi Player Game🙈👎🏻
We've needed a game like this for years
It’s about time
It gave me alien isolation vibes, and that’s a good thing!
OMG!! About time, I've always wanted a First Person Survival Jurassic Park game. What a dream thats coming true. Thank You devs :)
As a MASSIVE Jurassic Park fan I’ve been waiting for this for years- this brought tears to my eyes
Rule 34 artists get to work🤗🤗🤗
Mia Khalifa ?
YES YES YES JURASSIC PARK HORROR!!! Now I get to live my dream of being killed by a TRex 20 times!!!!
Finally!! The type of game that the JP franchise deserves!
Esse jogo é canônico?
Finally a survival horror dinosaur game! Thank you 🎉
SO COOOL
Mano esa es mía Khalifa???
I seems like a polished and good version of Trespasser Jurassic Park. I believe that game was trying to channel the feeling of a survival horror but the technology at the time made it hard to pull off. Other than that i always considered Dino Crisis to be the closest to recreating a JP horror game
OH MY GOD!
DINOSAURS ARE SCARY AGAIN! 💪🙌
Mia Khalifa being chased by dinosaurs now I’ve seen it all
When I leed this like yesterday
If they just will recreate those iconic locations we saw in the movie......I already want this.
HA HA HA FINALLY!
When the game release I swear it better look good as the render cutscenes the alpha gameplay look 30fps and downgraded graphics from the cutscene ….
its ark but not
Main character looked hot af.
Looks good 😮
The raptor in the cold storage is the best idea they could have to put a raptor there: its simple, it makes sense and its clever, and by the way it would have been a really lame way to day for the raptor
Eh sounds boring. I'll pass
Is there a character selection?
Was anyone else hoping she'd let the raptor in the freezer out and it'd fight the dilo?
Vr?🥲
Now it explains why that fan made JP survival horror game was forced to alt production. Can't wait for this
Ca fait du bien de ressentir enfin de nouveau un peu d'enthousiasme pour cette franchise (même si je ne suis pas un joueur), après quasiment dix ans d'enfer qui me font regretter le jour où Kathleen Kennedy a annulé tout projet de quatrième film Jurassic Park.
Is this VR? Gave me VR vibes
is it woke?
I feel sorry for 'Deathgrounds' as they have been working on this type of game for a while but with the 'Jurassic park' name behind it this will probably overshadow it
Was super excited until gameplay kicked in and it was first person :(
Let's go hope it's affordable
1st person? Nope. I’m good.
2024 is going to be a solid year for video games
Survival with mia Khalifa 🥰
I have never once cried watching a video game trailer, but I did watching this! I have wanted a game like this since JP3 came out!
Basically what I've been waiting for all my life, LET'S GOOOO!
make it a horror survival game and you got yourself a banger!
I REALLY hope there are references to the tell tale game!
por fin un juego de terror y supervivencia. vasta con juegos tontos de armar parquesitos y dinosaurios.
Today a fantasy became a reality for me. I'm going to Jurassic Park
It would be a killer VR title :)
Glad they are reusing the concept from that Jurassic Park Telltale game. It wasn’t bad, but I’m not big on that style of game. If this is like Alien Isolation with Dinosaurs, environments from the movie, and the John Williams soundtrack, I’ll be super happy.
when is the release ?
Been waiting for the chance to play as Mia Khalifa
Why i get some Telltale "Jurassic Park: The game" vibes?  I love it
No, thank you. Looks like another agenda filled message game...pass.
Just realize that exactly 30 years ago Jurassic Park 1 was released, and that we were completely blown away by the special effect. Now you'll be playing a video game with graphics that match or even are better within 30 years. Just imagine what kind of games will be released in the next 30 years.
😐You're going to need to change her face. Someone on your dev team has modelled her after their favourite pornstar.
On one hand, I'm excited to see how this plays out, on the other I have a bad feeling about this cause of how recent past Jurassic games allegedly had Universal forcing things on the devs that ended up holding the game back from being the best it could be.  If Universal interference is infact happening like it's supposedly been, watch there be no guns at all in this game despite Muldoon's armory in the film, because of interference from Universal, like what allegedly happened with Jurassic World Evolution 1 AND 2, and for what?? The sake of the ESRB rating? Nobody cared about the ESRB back then, and the certainly don't care now.  I got Jurassic Park Operation Genesis when I was barely 9 when that game was rated T, but honestly with the gore that game was pushing but somehow dodged an M rating back then and would've been rated M if it ever gotten a remaster or proper successor, which JWE 1&2 simply are not, they're too watered down.   Now a days? Lol you see 5 year olds on Grand Theft Auto without their parents giving a single thought about it. NO ONE CARES about the ESRB rating, so here's a pro tip Universal, don't let the rating concern you, just let the devs make a great game, and you'll get your money, okay?
now i understand y my friends was screaming mia kalifa
Mia Khalifa and Jurassic Park, i already love it.
I hope it becomes a vr mode this would be crazy just like the mods in alien isolation
THIS IS AMAZING
WAIT IT WAS A GAME?! IT LOOKED SO REAL OMFG
I already can’t wait for this game to be out
Ah, so now we know why that dreams project got taken down. They're scared of the competition that one provided. So, this one better be insanley good 😂! Other than that I'm kinda excited! Although I've noticed that these more narrative-based games always pick the, "we got left behind" directions to take their story in. I suppose it is the perfect slot in the timeline to do them! I hope this is good, I'm remaining cautiously optimistic on this one.
Yay even Jurassic Park is woke now...I love it! NOT!
❤❤
Looks heavily scripted.
Gta 6 can put dinosaure too :x
How doesn't this have the same amount of views as the GTA 6 trailer?! This game is going to be legendary
25 years since Trespasser... finally!
outlast or alien isolation style? i love it
Bring back games like Dino Defender and Danger Zone.
Jurassic park was always better than Jurassic world I can’t wait for this
Is Mia Khalifa the face model?😂
"pre rendered footage" in this day an age sets off massive alarm bells for me
Two of my favourite things, Mia Khalifa and Jurassic Park lol
Mia Khalifa?
this looks amazing!!! those graphics looord!!!
This looks sick am so gonna play this
FINALY !! I LOVE IT ❤!!
I’m so excited for this!!!!  The graphics look amazing!
Kong skull island lite
Bring this to PSVR2!!!!!!
Freezer raptor is back baby!!!!
Is this game or live action
no wonder they blocked so many Mods, they were finally working on their own survival horror game!!!! <3
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park? Nice
Universal has no idea how long I’ve been waiting for a game like this. They made us go through years of those Jurassic world park builder games but someone said “why not make a real Jurassic park survival game?”
Эта Миа Халифа!? 😅 🍿
I think the name is a little misleading, just remember that it may not be a jp survival and that it just means your surviving jp but for the title sake they wouldn't make it say Jurassic park surviving.  could mean that your just following a script path and in context are doing a survival game.
I see they added Mia K into a game. Noice.....
I’ve been waiting for a Jurassic park horror game for so long omg
Good to see Mia Kalifa is still finding work.
I hope they take inspiration from Alien Isolation and make the raptors as smart as the Alien. This game will depend on how the enemy AI reacts. It's gonna be quite a task. The raptors are smart. The T-rex can't sense movement and the dilophosaurus plays with its prey.
This is only happening because of Krenautican
Okay, no way did that velociraptor survive being locked in cold storage for that long.
Far Cry: Jurassic Park.
Is that Mia Khalifa without boobs?
I feel like I got way too excited over the raptor stuck in cold storage making a come back.
OH MY GOD
Tresspasser in 2024!
An Indian woman? Yh i'll skip playing. Shove your woke stuff down someone elses throat
Now this is what we need! We don’t need to build our parks or collect dinosaurs just like jwa or the game this is what we need a survival horror jp game just like the original novel
Alright! Took them 30 freaking years to do this, but better late than never I guess xD
The hype is real. Very excited for this game!
Back to making Dinosaurs scary !!
💯 Fun Fact. This was a game for PS2, it was heavy In development over 20 years ago, even screen shots and videos of it. But then it got canceled. I was just a kid then, Now 20 years later I finally get to play it as an adult.
If this has Alien: Isolation levels of AI complexity, well then we're fucked!
About time we had nice graphics for Jurasic park
Look like the porn star from hub😂😂😂
Only took em 30 years to develop a first person dino survival game I stead of a lame Tycoon rip-off. This has potential to print money if they pull it off.
Enough with the old franchise !
This is Amazing, but I don't want to Play as this Joshi poshi
Token ethnic female protagonist, lame.
Hopefully, we can pick a different human character to adopt.
I hope it gets a little bit gore and bloody when it comes to a dino killing you if you fail, not like in the movies.
What happened to Dennis Nedry in this video-game?
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!♥♥♥FINALLY!!!
Oh this looks awesome
finally. after over a decade of not getting another jurassic park island survival style game. we're getting one, I just hope we can pick our own character because i don't want to be an indian woman who looks greasy lol
Survival horror is my favorite type of games! This is going to be really dope! Running away from dinosaurs in some of the most iconic scenes! 🎬
oohhhhhhhhhhhhhh this looks insane
Mia Khalifa as a diverse hire.....
FINAFUCKINGLLY WERE GETTING SOME HORROR IN THIS FRANCHISE
I just hope this follows and already established canon and no new "wondersaurs" that weren't on Nublar before. If they care about canon, this will be amazing.
wow !
I hope we can see the river cruise, hotel, and aviary.
Yeah, whenever pre orders go live this is an instant buy. I’m so hyped
Mia kalhifa😂😂😂
Mia Khalifa!
Am i the only one who thought this was Mia Khalifa?
Thankyou to the person responsible for all our dreams coming true 👍
If this is genuine then it's literally quite the surprise.
....шото мне подсказывает что это очередная ностальжи доилка с норм графикой но казуально-деревянным геймплеем по типу того же робокопа будет ,ностальжи триггеров они прям напихали ,даже девушку понятно под кого нарисовали максимально похоже.
Hell yeah, I've been waiting for this game
Wow😮 Mia karifa with dinosaur nice I want to play.love it
Mia Khalifa, is that you?
How much fanservice do you want to put in your trailer?  Jurassic Park Survival: Yes  and i'm all here for it.
Finally, a survival horror "Jurassic Park" game, we have waited so long for this.
Was it Only me Or did anyone else think that it was real(movie) and not a game at the start
The game looks great ; it’s a must pre-order 🦖
YEEESSSSSSSS
2:08 So that raptor didn't freeze...
Is there going to be a switch release
Yeah, alright
Always King of all dinosaurs. NEVER forget Tyrannosaurus Rex. Always gonna remember him a FOREVER King.
Looking at the main character and saying "Clever girl".
We're getting blade game and jurassic park horror survival game
This gonna be a Dead by Daylight clone FOR SURE. Gonna chose a dino instead of Killers and gotta fix something to get a signal to leave the island instead of the generators to open the gate to leave
Happy 30th Jurassic Park, ending the year with this is just fantastic
...I know it's only a teaser, but... how did she get away from the velociraptors in the kitchen 'and' the dilophosaurus who'd had perfect aim when it came to Dennis. Wish they'd used tension and smarts over running into Member'berries like she's going through a Universal Studios attraction. I hope the game itself is very unforgiving for panicking the same way she was.
I wonder if the Troodon’s and Tylosaurus will make a comeback after 13 years of absence in the wider canon.
Me on release day “spare no expanse”
"Put a chick in it! Make her lame and gay!"
F**k you, GTA6. I'm waiting for something else now!
is Dr. Malcom's daughter, some of them
OK but why is Mia Khalifa the main star lmao
Dino crisis remastered
WOOOOOOOOO I NEED THIS GAMEEEEE😍
I hope this will have a VR feature available.
When the trailer started, I almost had a heart attack... but then I see a young lady and no weapons... Welcome to Jurassic Park: Isolation.   When will we finally get a first person shooter, like all the fan games??!!
Can't wait to play it, I also hope there will be a third person mode because this game looks amazing already
UFFFF!! LOVE IT ALREADY!
Did anyone play Trespasser back in 1998? Since then I was waiting for this!
A Jurassic Park game in the style of Alien: Isolation...Let's see if it delivers.
Don’t make it in first person view gameplay 😢
Hope it will be like Alien Isolation... for now it's so similar
If it doesn't come to PlayStation 4, they'll fail badly Not releasing for this console
I feel bad for krenautican , Universal censored jurassic operations because of this game
The new character better watch out for the Troodons
I just hope this game won’t entirely wipe the Telltale game out of the canon. Other than that I’m excited.
This is true?
The girl on the trailer was CGI or an real actress? It's perfect
Is it horror? Because to me, it's just survival, but it's awesome. Good thing we're going to see what we didn't see in jurassic park.
Bro....is that Mia Khalifa?
Mia Khalifa is such a talented actress
Really hoping this isnt a select between two paths linear game like what tencent games produced for the walking dead.
Its single player! Heavens are singing!
Maya Khalifa and her adventures: Special Edition 💀
Looks awesome! But.....What about Switch?
No wonder universal studios stopped that guy from making the Jurassic Park game he was working on for a couple of years.
Wow, wild animations! Literally!
Thought that was Mia khalifa
Could you cram more nostalgia bait into one trailer??
Please. Please don't ruin it with wokeness, unnecessary jokes, and shitty douchebag characters to which i will/can not relate
omg yes
Gave me goosebumps, everything all Jurassic park fans have wanted and waited for!
I am 30 years old now and since my childhood days I only dreamt of a game of such 1st person survival of Jurassic Park. I hope my wife lets me play.
We all know this will be complete bilge because it's made by the license holders. All JP games since 1993 have been total garbage. The fan made ones will have been better than this, if they hadn't been shut down.
She saw the movie
I think the Jurassic Park franchise is gonna continue in video-game version.
Indian Lara Croft?
This is overdue, this setting is great and nobody used it since "Tresspasser" which itself was a game that was actually very ambitious for its time and had elements like Far Cry but years earlier. The survival game hype is still going so this might have a chance of doing well. I hope it´s not to linear. Me personally would have loved a total open survival game set on the Island. I guess this will have some linearity due to it being an action-adventure.
I've waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend
Finally the Dino genre game we all have been waiting for. Hope its actually good and not a fan service.
Thought I was finally gonna see Rexy burst through the gate.
This is so outdated.
Looks like Jurassic Park that came out in 1993. I hope there will be new spicies of dinosaures and sceneries to discover made with a lot of details like Alan Wake 2. It would be nice !
I'm crying. Let's gooooo! Also, what has Mia Khalifa to do with this?
Welp. I've postponed it for years. Guess I'll have to buy a new generation console or get a gaming PC now
This takes place from what just happened in the first film. Let's get it!! I have NEVER give up and I've NEVER run out of chances.
Ohhh gott win traum wird endlich wahr. 🎉🎉🎉
Capcom had years making a Dino Crisis reboot but decided to go for a forgettable horde shooter instead. Now we will get this awesome looking Jurassic Park Survival Game and I really hope it delivers to teach them a lesson.
Oh my god!!!!
Uraaaa Jurassic Survival Park 😄
Coollllllllll🎉🎉🎉
This is what I've been waiting for a long decade as well as long time, Jurassic Park video-game. Dream came REAL! REAL!! REAL!!! What a relief!!! 🎉🎉👏👏💯💯💯👍👍👍💪💪
I was given more excitement by these 2:15 minutes then the jurssic world movies combined
Is poop dinosaur will not go extinct when me a time machine
Mia Khalifa?
Can we start having Jurassic Park films like this now?
Finally! Something original from the Jurassic PARK franchise, away of the Jurassic World mediocrity...
Sure.. but gameplay please.
Joder ya era hora, ya les ha costado
Finally no more jurassic world. Have they finally listened to the fans
There I was getting excited another actual Jurassic park movie, not a bullshit Jurassic world garbage. But of course it’s just a fuking game
Is this for real for real :0 OMG !!!!!!!
Hope this is as good as RoboCop!
Hey... HEY ALLAN!! is alien isolation dinosaur edition
Is this is sega jurassic park remake ..... Good
cool
OMG!!!!! Incredible!!!!!!! Can’t wait!!!!!!!!! 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Cant wait! 🔥
TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!
letsss gooooo
I love the parallels it has to the movies
Yep, take my money. I’m all in.
NOOOO, I ONLY HAVE PS4
OMG! This looks awesome!❤
The nostalgia 🥲🤤
This is like a dream come true, as a little kid I literally DREAMED of a JP game like this. Im sooooo down!! My dino girl heart is jumping for joy
Why is every game making you be a brown girl probably lesbian Jewish social justice warrior trans rights activist ..... spoils it
I am SO stoked for this game! Ever since I was 2 I’ve been a HUGE fan of Jurassic Park (and the entire franchise all 6 movies of be exact), and I am BUYING this game! I smiled the ENTIRE TIME throughout the trailer! I def need to know when this is coming out!
ABOUT TIME we got a game like this again. Aftermath blown out of the water after this.
Don'tgethyped. Don'tgethyped. Don'tgethyped.  Too late. LETS FUCKIN' GO.
Please be good please be good please be good 😭😭😭😭😭
OMG I CANT BELIEVE IT IS HAPPENING!! Absolutely beatuiful render, really well done. Also Thank you so much for already putting Gameplay at the end!! Really good move
Its not gona work, i love jurassic park, but because of that, i know that think like this, its not working.
Looks amazing… only if it was third person. But maybe it’s just me
seems fake
That looks absolutely insane
Wow. I can't even. An amazing looking horror Survival based off of Jurassic goddamn park!? Yes! Cheak please. 🦖🦕
A qualidade disso é simplesmente incrível
Ok very interesting 🤔 let's see how this ends 😂❤
No game has had me THIS HYPED is soo goddamn long!!!
Finally the Jurassic Park game I want thank you!
Dude I thought it was live action for a sec
ughhhh its going to suck/be left to die or wont even see the light of day! look who the studio is......saber....
I am so excited. I‘ve always dreamed of such a game. I can’t wait
The forgotten raptor that Timmy locked in the freezer is back!
I really hope this is very similiar to the classic dino crisis style games! I have been waiting for a remake or a new dino crisis game for so long
Congratulations, Universal, you hit the nail on the head with this one. Now please let the devs have their time and space to make this thing the masterpiece it deserves to be.
I'm sick of games starring super badass unrealistic women...
1:21 me spawning on the beach in Ark.
I loved TRESPASSER as a kid, but it really was a game ahead of its time and that's why it failed. Hopefully this can run with the concepts!
Nope still waiting for a open world survival that will never happen
They better not cancel this.
Cool! Can't wait
too realistic
looks fun!!
Ahhhhhhhh!!!!!😃
I might play imma get a PC just for this!!!!!
I'm all over this.  Will this be Trespasser version 2?  And successful? 😁😉
Incredibly awkward timing 😅
Gtfo I WAS JUST SAYING WE NEED A GAME LIKE THIS OMG YAY
I hope we can use firearms in this game, do you remember that in the film there were shotguns?
Pleaseeeeee. I’m so excited so not to sound needy or anything, but please ensure there is offline mode/single player replay ability! Friday the 13th The Game was so amazing except now it’s dead and you can only play offline as Jason which makes it not as fun!!
Id really wish you guys could release The Jurassic Park Survival game on the PS4 Pro oh well
While I am of course super hyped… was that an AI generated person? Hair and movement looked a bit uncanny valley.
Great, another game I wont get to play because of new gen exclusivity. Maybe the farm pc could handle it, but not holding out much hope.
Mia Khalifa
So they're finally remaking Jurassic Park: Trepasser from 1998.
This is exactly the game I wanted from the Jurassic Park world, can't wait to see more!
looks nice 😍
Hype
YO!!! I'm so ready for it!!!
This game will be what Jurassic Park Trespasser should have been if it was a well-made game.
Looks like Dead by daylight trailer hahahaha, pls leave a like xD
I hate lead female character 😠😠😠😠😠😠
they made the woman ugly again...
And that's why Jurassic Park Operations was cancelled. Kind of
Creating our own aftermath haha yessss
30 years and they still haven't figured out how to turn that flashlight off.
Starring Mia Khalifa o.O
A female Jeff Goldblum, definetly
If you watch closely, you can see a few subtle references to the original Jurassic Park. Easy to miss though
Okay, this game is really cool, I will definitely play it because this is definitely a game that every Jurassic Park fan would like to play
Wow ❤
Were getting a Jurassic Park Game, a Blade game, GTA VI, a Hideo Kojima Game all within the next couple years 😱😱😱😱 probably others too
Finally Universal. So much time to build up to this. I just hope it’s a good game with a coherent story
Please make this accessible on vr too
From the looks of it, seems to be like a sort of Alien : Isolation kind of thing. Now I am not at all a fan of horror games… but I am interested, I must admit.
Once this succeeds give us a prehistoric survival game with science accurate sounds
Yea this is it right hereeeee
Why is Mia Khalifa on Isla Nublar? XD
It DOES look promising. But I learned decades ago to not get hyped by trailers. Let's wait and hope.
they needs some help with thoes graphics.
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
I’M SO HAPPYYYYYY
Finally!!!! Let'sss gooooo
Dude, don't put an ad before a trailer. Tf.
Wow, that trailer for Dino Crisis was amazing 😮
Take my money!
Yo! This is better than the TellTale Games version! I can’t wait to own this game!
Cool, they implemented Mia Khalifa in the game
Any idea on a potential release date?
please for the love of god, dont dumb this down and pander to kids . . We want a proper horror gory survival game  . . Also so glad that its JP based, time to bring back the OG Nostalgia
Well I'll be damned!
WE ARE SO BACK!!!!
Sooooo.. outlast with Dino’s?
I dont want Play as a woman ...
Why... Why they change actress......
The nostalgia bait really annoyed me.
Why am I not surprised to see people calling this woke because we have a female protagonist in it?  Newsflash, we have had women as protagonists in many games for years and years.
Robert Muldoon said there was only three raptors in the original movie. All thoose raptors was killed so were does theese raptors come from? Had they more of them on Isla Sorna by the same time that was transported to Nublar unseen?
Starring: Mia Khalifa
And yet another fenale lead. Do wenot get a choice anymore ?
THIS BETTER TURN OUT GOOD 😭
Game play would be great. It looks good but with basically no game play it’s just a nice trailer.
This is what everyone wanted! Hyped for this 🙌
Almost spit out my breakfast! Finally the game of our dreams is here!
Needed This❤❤🔥🔥
Reminds me a lot of Alien isolation! I’m gonna love this game
so this is why krenautican had to remove his fan made game from dreams? that would explain a lot!
I love the fact that's jurassic park and not jurassic world, great job!
I think the question we all wanna ask is…… is she non binary?…
Will this be on steam?
Terrible trailer.
Wow I loved that cgi trailer. Can't wait to see more of the game Super excited!!!!
That could be a VR game, couldn't it?
The entire landscape of modern gaming owes It's life to Dragon's Lair.
if this game is in vr I will 100% play it
Wokerassic Park
Fan service orgy
Finally, and what made me most happy, is the title, Jurassic park Survival, which is the same title as Jurassic park Survival on PS2, XBOX CLASSIC, and PC, which was canceled in 2002. 😢 It would have been an amazing game too, I would have spent hours playing Jurassic Park Survival with the character David Vaughn. 😢
Please say it will be in third person...😭🙏
🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹this is absolutly amazing!
So that’s why the stoped the fan game
Nooooo it's not available for Xbox One!!!! But what are the requirements to download it on PC?
Is this canonic?
Omg! I've only been waiting for something like this since Dino Crisis 😊
Jurassic Wokepark
I’ve been waiting for a game like this!!!
El juego que estaba esperando. Espero que no me decepciones
I've been waiting all my life for this: Jurassic Park game starring Mia Khalifa!
Non credo che il Raptor dentro la cella frigorifera sia riuscita a sopravvivere
I don’t do first person 😫. But maybe I’ll try for this game.
Looks lame not interested
We play  as Mia Khalifa? Now that's a ballsy choice
This looks so cool, I need to play it!
Oooohhh this looks so good. Definitely going to be a day one.  Never got the chance to play the Jurassic park on dreams
Sick. A proper single-player, survival, horror Jurassic Park game. Not some asymmetric, multiplayer nonsense. Sign me up.
All I can say is THANK YOU. Holy hell, I have been a huge fan ever since I was a kid. I literally remember watching JP3 on my VHS player when I was like less then 10 🤣 I think I speak for everyone when I say we have wanted this for a LONG time.
Please, make a good game😮
OMG 😍😍😍😍😍😍
29 years I’ve waited for this
I loved the park (Jurassic world evolution 1 & 2, and especially Jurassic Park Operation Genesis) builders. However I think we think a break from those games. This looks great!
Why is Mia Khalifa in a jurassic park game and why is no one talking about it? 🤣
yo Mia Khalifa is in Jurassic Park the video game
I love that Mia Khalifa is gonna' be the character here!
Thank you for naming it as Jurassic Park 😭❤ old is gold. And hell yeah excited to play this game though.
This is the game literally EVERYONE is waiting for.
Looks like a lot of love will be put into this by devs=fans?And UE5??Fock let my dream come true...
Rexyyy :DDDDDDDDDD
Bit humoring to see that one of the tour cars still has lights on. Could guess this takes places maybe couple days when copter had get our main cast from the island and nature hasn't yet grown over.
more women woke garbage
Am I the only one who thought for a second that this is a movie😢
I get that devs. tried to....use memberberries in all the scenes in the trailer...but Flare scene makes no sense whatsoever. Purpose of it in the movie was to get T-rex focused on the flare and distract it from the kids in the car it was trying to get to.  In this trailer T-rex comes up on her and she lights up the flare....dumb.
How'd they cast Mia Khalifa?
First person? What a disappointment
Bro, dinosaurs and Mia. What more can you ask for.
Perfection at last
cant wait for the dirty sfm vids
Mia Khalifa has now moved into video games - last boss fight should be interesting................
Incrível a perfeição. ❤
Finally a video game where we can play with Mia Khalifa
Mia Khalifa has really come far
Finally they give what we have asked for after 10+ years
An Alien Isolation type of game with dinossaurs? I'm in.
My dream Jurassic Park game omg I can’t wait 🎉🎉
Yes yes yes
Another potentially good survival ruined by single player only 😂😂
Mmm.... This feels/looks like a mirrors edge kinda gameplay.... I would rather wait and see for further gameplay.
NO WAAAAAAAAAAY!!!!!🥲🎉🎉🎉🎉🎇🎇🎇 oh crap I'm gonna cry, screw it, bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh 😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Looks like a linear game who gonna send you certain ways while holding your hands all along
1:56 did she really just beat a trex by not even actually closing, just pushing a little wire door?
Please be good
So it's Alien Isolation but with dinosaurs.
Eh, I'll pass
I've been waiting 30 YEARS for this!!!!!  Really hope it turns out good
OK you got me - NOW WHEN IS IT COMING OUT I NEED IT NOW!
This game is a dream come true!!! Can't wait!! 😍
you just know the encounters with the raptors gonna be the scariest part for the game
Hé les gars vous êtes sûrs que TOUS les décors et TOUTES les grosses scènes du premier film ont bien été recopié dans la cinématique ?? Nan parce que sinon les fans seront pas contents.....   Après, un bon jeu Jurassic Park je dis pas non...
❤
If this is anything like Alien: Isolation then I am so pumped.
Now this is the game everyone wants!!!
pleasebegoodpleasebegoodpleasebegoodpleasebegoodpleasebegoodpleasebegood
That‘s one of the most beautiful news I‘ve ever heard.
Awww... you have to play a girl? I hope optoon to play a guy character.
Why is the character so ugly though? Don't wanna play as this Indian tech worker.
So it's trespasser,, except I have to play as a diversity hire? Ugh. I hope there is a character selection.
Mia Kalifa + Jurassic Park??? I’m sold already 😊
I don't think this will be Trespasser 2 like all of us would hope it to be. D:
if the protagonist can use weapons, it's gonna feel like Dino Crisis 😂
i hope its like trespasser just much more better
Really hope its as good as Alien Isolation
Wahi wahi Repit
Finally after all these years we are getting the true Jurassic Park game we all wanted. From the short clips seems like this will be intense.
IT LOOKS SOOO GOOD!! OMG
looks good mia khalifa in jurassic park ... thats what I always wanted
ARK III
I've always wanted a Jurassic Park game like this. It's a dream come true, if this game will be good. ❤🎉🤠🦖
What is Mia Khalifa doing in a dinosaur game?
Sono coollll❤❤
The OG Music 🔥🔥
The amount of times I’ve seen this trailer lol, I just can’t stop! I’m so excited, child me would have loved this game.
Please don’t get cancelled please don’t get cancelled 😩
Was holding a flare up to the T-Rex part of the JP associate manual or are you all just that unoriginal
Jurassic world will revive our childhood legend movie 🔥 Jurassic Park
OMG THIS IS HAPPENING!!!! And it looks AMAZING!
Was erscheint das Spiel?
I wonder if it'll be a survival open world sandbox set in the original jurassic park or if it's a linear story driven experience.
I hope this would be like Alien Isolation!
Always nice to have the villain of the piece do the voiceover.
Is this gonna be after jurassic park the game or before that? Because thats soft canon as well . Also the trex appearance seems to be the are where rexy fights with triceratops in jurassic world the game while we hide in the shelter nearby during night.
How many people did they leave behind on this island?!?
Long have i waited
Can't wait for sequel base on the other movies
So when is it releasing, because I want it now! Looks amazing, can’t wait!
Have the lads who made alien isolation help and u might have ur game of the year nomination
Jurassic Park: Operations looked better. And that was a fan passion project. But universal shut it down.  Such a shame
Runs away from dilophosaurus like her life depends on it, then proceeds to light a flare to attract a t-rex?
Literally a dream come true, I can’t wait
I wonder this was made to curb JP operations
whyu single player
Another effeminate woke game? playing as a woman called Mia who looks like a p@rn star.
So this is why they stopped that team in dreams from finishing their game. They didn't want competition 😅
Im not really hyped unless this is on mobile
Need psvr2 version
looks great 👍apart from the acting 👎
One of the biggest mistakes they made when they built Jurassic Park was not having off switches on any of their flashlights.
Ok the raptor survived.  Finally over
Finally, the game us Dino fans who had to redirect to alien isolation and resident evil because of the lack of dinosaur survival games have been waiting for.
This is AWESOME with a Capital A
Looks amazing, I just don’t get how she’s terrified of the little Dino and confidently flares up a Trex…
About bloody time.
Why she low key look like Mia Khalifa
Well they've already checked the socially progressive box now let's see if they care as much on the game quality. (Alan Grant would have been so much cooler)
Omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg omg!!! This is it chief 🫡
isnt freezer raptor confirmed to be dead tho because in camp cretaceous darius i think opens the freezer and sees the dead raptor
Mia khalifa is that u?
This looks awesome! Has the potential to be the game fans have been waiting 30 years for. That being said I truly hope they don’t pull an Alien Isolation move where you can’t do anything but hide and or run away from the dinosaurs. I want to be able to use weapons and fight back as well. They pull that off and this game could go down as one of the best Jurassic Park games ever made in my opinion.
siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii :D
Omg Jurassic Park Is so cool if gamaplay feel like alien isolation !! Oooooooooooooooooooooyeeeeee
Oh my god this is my dream come true
JP is finally getting the game it deserves <3
Rex looks slightly off, but either way, FINALLY a game!!! 😎 How'd they keep it a secret after all the supposed rumours etc!?
Looks great! Hope they fix the Rex and Dilo and offer players to play as Muldoon, Grant, Or Ellie instead of some invented chick nobody has ever heard of..
This looks DOPE
It’s about time. I’ve been dreaming of a Jurassic Park game like this since I was a kid. It looks like it’s gonna be like Alien Isolation but with dinosaurs instead. I haven’t been this excited for a game in years!  😁😆🥲 🦖🦕
Non-white [maybe lesbian] women. Again. We need a nude mode for this game.
So we play as mia khalfa?
Where is it on steam ? No steam no buy, wake up...
woke, no thank you
This trailer is just a copy + paste of famous scenes of the movies. There is not an inch of creativity or an original idea. How is it even possible to bore me when it comes to dinosaurs?
I hope she has a tatto for a health bar on left breast like in Trespasser.
At - fooking - last!
genius
Tresspasser The Remake
I hope its as good as Alien Isolation
FPS sucks. 😤😤😤😤😤😤
jesus i thought that was mia khalifa for a second
Oh dear...
Mía Khalifa in Jurassic Park! I can't wait to play this🤪
Oh man, this is what I’ve always wanted in a Jurassic Park game
0:18 Alan Grant's hat
OMG ! A dream come ´s true !!
Peter en T-bar, deze is voor jullie!
Yo this is HYPE  I’ve wanted something like this like an alien isolation type game but for the original JP
Alien Isolation with Dinosaurs 😍
WE ARE READY
I thought its a movie...
nice :D
This is probably why that fella who created a game reminiscent to this on Dreams had copyright claims from Universal studios.
THIS LOOKS SICK! I honestly couldn't wait for another game. Does anyone know if it will come to switch?
sweet dear god IS THIS WHAT I THINK IT IS??  i really hope they do this game the justice it deserves. IM SO PUMPED
hell yeah but i still play on ps4 why is it not for ps4
1:23 As a bespectacled person, I noticed that in all the synimatics, even here, they almost never pay attention to glasses, which serve as just a stupid accessory. It's raining, stormy, different temperatures, and the glasses don't even fog up and there are no raindrops.
Yesss, the music🎉❤...can't wait
Now make peter jakson's king kong: survival
So stupid of them to not include the helicopter landing spot 😢
whow thought it was a new movie trailer!
What is Mia Khalifa doing in there?
oh hell yeah! Ive been waiting for this whole my life!
*Klaytonnnnnn ....I think we're back in business!!*  *CRASHHH*  *YaaaaiiiihhhhrrrrrrrrgghghASHYYIITTT!*  Runs like the wind past severed Hand
"You Did It. You Crazy Son Of A B****, You Did It."   https://youtu.be/gXBJRz_33Y8?si=OMLtd98n4D8-FbRM
Mia khalifa?
We all know that this is the best idea ever ❤
This looks really good, but the biggest thing that I like about it is that it’s a Jurassic Park game, and not a game based on the arguably-garbage Jurassic World movies.
Omgggg finally!?!?!
I just hope this is rated mature
The moment I saw the Indian girl, I thought: "hey, they finally sent some tech support to replace Nedry!"
Nice i cant wait im totally gonna buy it i wonder when it will come out
PUT A CHICK IN IT MAKE HER GAY
This instantly reminded me of The Hunter Primal. I've SO wanted to play that game but you can't anymore :(
so we replaying the first movie, but with the accurate looks of the dinos, eh? hmm... i dunno... id rather like a whole new story, or... OR and here me out, you make it a survival coop where your ship crashed and you washed ashore on one of the islands and now you have to actually survive sandbox like
前面小龍追就怕個要死 後面來隻trex卻不懂哪來的自信 站起來點信號彈...
Hopefully a male character will be also available to play - but the best would be to play characters like Alan Grant(Sam Neill)  Ian Malcolm (Jeff Godlblum) and Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) with faithful digitized look of the original cast.That would be an awsome hit which fans have waited ever since Jurassic Park Rampage. I was always wondering why they create side stories while  most of the fans would like to relive the movie as the original characters, and to deep dive into the atmosphere of the park and the music of John Williams. By the way It would be much better to include some ideas which did not make into the original movie. Would be nice if later as an extended version or additional mission we could play the original scenes with the original Jurassic Park cast, where we could walk side by side of Brachiosaurs, Triceratops, escape from Gallimimus horde and hunt or get hunted by Raptors :) It looks promising , fingers crossed :)
Why couldn't we play as Dr. Gerry Harding's or someone established? Instead we have to play as this weirdo Indian looking guy/girl. More girl power boss nonsense.
The continuity details shown are amazing!!  The vehicle left at the helipad; the kids' vehicle overturned at the bottom of the tree, missing the tire that Rexy chewed off; the driver door of Grant's vehicle still open; the fallen skeletons in the visitor center entrance; the messy kitchen and the ladle.  Fantastic stuff!!  Now the only question is, how did the pin come out of the refrigerator door?!
Woow this looks good. Can't wait 😍😍😍
This is kind of a spiritual successor to Jurassic World Aftermath, it's still about survival and everything, just this time it's way more realistic hopefully it will have some dark moments too
This reminds me so much of "Jurassic Park: The Game". I feel like this one might even top it from the looks of it, if done right.
makes sense why they told the dreams creator to stop his project lol
This is exactly the game I have wanted since I was a kid. I really hope it turns out as good as the trailer looks and it looks incredible! Also, a huge fan of the survival aspect, instead of having to shoot the dinosaurs.
Could they have made her a bigger foreign nerd 🙄🤦‍♂️
Let's not get excited until we see the actual gameplay shall we? Could be a massive let-down of just "press X to continue cutscene"
Looks good, think it would be better if it was a online survival, where you have to work with other players and try to escape
She could very well be Ian Malcolm's daughter 😮😮😮
Been waiting for this since Dino Crisis on PS1
Awesome! I always want to play as Mia Khalifa while being chased by Dinosaurs!
TAKE MY MONEY
Seeing this makes me want to play it, but sadly I am giving it a dislike just from what I see in the trailer..  1. The female heroine say she was stranded unless she is a employee that failed to hear Ray Arnold's memo about the last departure to the mainland.   2. The reveal of the surviving Raptor which was appeared in the trailer despite you try to reveal it at the end where it opens the freezer door and even that I'm questioning the time of events,  don't forget the Jurassic Park was running on geothermal power and by the end of the movie it has power back so that raptor in the freezer should have froze to death.  3. I'm curious if it is a open world especially the confines of Jurassic Park map.  4. How you deal with the gore especially the known Deaths: Robert Muldoon  Dennis Nedry Ray Arnold  Donald Gennaro  5. There shouldn't be any modern ideology/technology in  1993   6. Is this Canon or Non-Canon? If it's Canon I don't think she'll live cause no one went back to Jurassic Park until 1994 Clean Up or Non-Cannon than she lives   I'm definitely interested but I'm keeping a skeptical eye on it
The big one Got free?! Oh no......
It's about time we get a dinosaur game like this, instead of a top down zoo game or a telltale experience. Something like this should've a thing for over 10 years now.
I had no idea if this was a game or movie trailer, those graphics look amazing!
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE IT FINALLY M GETTING ONE OF MY DREAM GAME'S WHICH US A JURRASIC WORLD GAME LIKE THIS HOPE IT'S AN OPENWORLD
I am so hyped for this not gonna lie but when is it coming out like seriously if you put it out for £100 I would still get it 😅
Jurassic Park Survival the Game Coming Soon
Available from PS5 to PS4 or Xbox One Series X And PC
FINALLY A JURASSIC PARK/WORLD GAME THAT'S NOT BUILDING
This game took so long to release, it's safe to say they spared no expense! 😁
They need to look at alien isolation for ideas and inspiration. It'll go miles for quality.
Unfortunately it looks kind of cartoony there at the end. I have a feeling it's not going to be scary and we're all going to be disappointed.
Looks great but why only 1st person FFS?!
Seems like it has captured essence of the original movies with key moments...
Awesome  Trailer!!! Awesome Atmosphere!!!
please tell me we have a male protagonist
Omg I've wanted this for decades and now it's happening....
The devs that did Alien isolation should have done this imo
It probably wont be.. but this game would be SICK if it had a multiplayer gamemode at somepoint
Let's go!!!!!! This is the type of Jurrasic Park game I've been hoping for, finally.
Please PLEASE add this on the nintendo switch im begging so hard
Please let us explore Nublar by ourself without following the story.
They strategically chose a female lead for those nude mods. It’s literally the only reason we don’t have new Ezio or Kratos legendary level characters nowadays
LEEEEEETSSSSSS GGOOOOO BOYS ITS FINALLY HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!
Please god let this one be good
Alien Isolation but set in Isla Nublar...This gonna be good.
Wait.  I get to play as Mia Khalifa?  Sign me up! Day one!
Hell yeah Jurassic park with Mia Khalifa
Life finds a way                                    Dr. Ian Malcolm
This is the love for the OG jurassic park and fukk jurassic world button
Mia Khalifa protagonist xD
i love this trailer , cant wait to try the game , and i wish we can play as dinosaurus and survive too
Clever girl
Jurassic Park Operations was a better concept, and was created by a small independent dev
Please let troodons be in this game
This looks great. I hope the Brachiosaurus will be there.
GTA 6, a new DBZ tenkaichi and now a jurassic survival game in one week? Either this is some sort of sick prank from all developers or a dream
pls dont be VR game just normal good game
VR mod please!
The "cold storage" ref !
First i thought it's a movie
We've been asking for this for year's now we finally are getting it I'm so happy i could die ❤❤❤❤❤
Life finds a way
Why does the main character look like a mix of Jeff Goldblum and Mia Khalifa?
THEY MADE MY DREAM COME TRUE!!!!😭😭😭😭
We get to make our own character or forced to play woke?
Jurassic “Park”? How? Just how did this happen!? 😱 Did we get shifted to some alternate universe/timeline!?  So epic, so unbelievable - the first Jurassic Park game after 2011 Telltale release & one that finally ticks all the checkboxes that we wanted -  not a Jurassic World title, doesn’t give a “everyone survives vibe” , actually evokes *DREAD* & most importantly has the ability to bring back the being chased by T-REX nightmares I used to have in childhood!  Who else had trex chase nightmares!? 🦖❤🥲
Soooo inventive!
It’s about dang time
******K YYEEEEAAAAHHH!! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Jurassic Park Game  with Mía Khalifa as a character? 😻
you could have put a better main character, right? but you would not.
Finally the game everyone has wanted for the last couple of years
I am screaming in excitement this is amazing news! Better upgrade my ps4 to a ps5 before it releases xD
Play with Mia Khalifa ?
AH VUELTO EL HIJO PRODIGO LA PROFECIA ERA CIERTA  LA LEYENDA VOLVIO!!!
Why does this look quadruple A?   Shits 8k gorgeous ps5 madness
ya estoy listo para enseñarle mi Pescuezosaurio a la Mia Khalifa 3d
If this is gonna be 1st person, its a good start lol 😅
This is what all Jurassic park fans have been waiting for a Jurassic park game that is in the horror genre can’t wait!!!!!!!
Oooh.... another ARK DLC.
She looks like Mia Khalifa and Sandra Bullock!
OHH MY GOOOOOOODDDDDDDD!
Mia Khalifa? 😳
Please be good, please be good, please be good!!!! We need this so bad 🤓
❤❤❤❤
This little part of my life is called "happiness "
Hiding from a dinosaure with a active flashlight Oo?
Hopefully it’s similar to Alien Isolation!
Guys… This is a cinematic trailer. It does not represent in-game footage at all. The Alpha footage in the end is what you can expect. Looks like it needs A LOT of work and will probably be released in an unplayable condition.
Most awaited game of all time gooooooood I loved that so much ❤❤❤❤
I'm surprised a survival game set in jurassic park doesn't already exists
There was a canceled Jurassic Park Survival horror game during the PS2 era, first thing I thought of
I’ve been waiting for a game like this for a very loooong time 🥺
Finally! Looks amazing!!!❤
Oh, my God, _finally!_ It's been ages since we've gotten a game with dinosaurs that's not some bullshit park builder or multiplayer nonsense. A single-player survival game, as it should be! Take notes, Capcom!
Hope it comes out on console
Is it canon?!
Of the protagonist has to be a woman these days 😂
The graphics were so good i thought it was a movie trailer
ran out of Aliens so we doing Dinosaurs now
Looks great, wish it were multiplayer, but i'll take it
so why tf does it need to be mia khalifa?
Its Mia khalifa ? ❤❤❤
Why isnt there a estimated release year????
They did it.  Those crazy sons of a bitches did it.
can’t really get any better than what i’m seeing right now i mean this is fantastic
This has to be good, please be good!!!
Annapurna Interactive were releasing a game called The Lost Wild something like Alien: Isolation with dinosaurs but I think this game will beat them as that game has been in development for some time now
*Stahp!* *I can only get this hard!* 🥹😍
Having to play as a girl already ruined it
oh god shes a brit now my dinosaur game is ruined!!!!
Where's the troodons
Mia Khalifa being chased by dinosaurs! Let's go!
Like Ark?
👏 I have AWLAYS wants a survival horror dinosaur game, Especially a Jurassic Park Game!!
LETS GOOOO
Reminds me to Jurassic Park: Operations which perhaps fan-made which cancelled because of:  1. Copyright Issue  2. The owner of the franchise worked on this game which had undeniable similarities with Operations  3. Both
finally an xbox dinosaur survival game! and its official!!
Finally, I can die happy!!!
Did they take Ian Malcoms face and paste it on a female character?
Finally it’s like _Alien Isolation_ but with dinosaurs!! I’m all in!
Wait…Lex closed that door and put that pin in it to keep it from being opened…so…?
When is the release?
Guys, dont get your hopes up, I guarantee you the game will probably look much worse than this trailer
If this is Alien Isolation meets Jurassic Park then I am there!
Seriously why is every new game coming out have to be a female character! F*ck all this new age bs
We have needed this for so long, and it is so perfect.
I see, so the freezer raptor is going to be like the Mr X of this game.
AMAZINGGG FINALLYYYYY!!!!
Not only the survival horror game we have been waiting for but it’s about the best movie
The jurassic Park game is based like dying light
Is this the one from that guy with that thing?!?!?
New video from Mia Khalifa?
Dying Light Dinosaur Edition!🤣 Looks beautiful and fun!
Alien Isolation but In Jurrasic Park? Take my coupons.
Wow… guys…. We haven’t had a JP Survival Horror since Trespasser…. I must be dreaming. I hope they borrow elements from Resident Evil to give it the survival horror flare but I also hope they don’t make in an RE clone. I REALLY hope they can pull this off. I don’t want just nostalgia and eye candy! I want an actually well developed and designed game!
😍
YES! YES! YES! YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS!!!!!!!
🔥
Need. k thanks.
is this a F*cking dream?!
Finally a non park builder game. Haven’t had anything that wasn’t a park builder since around 1993-2002. Wish the fan game didn’t get canceled and the two got to coexist. All in all, it looks fantastic and I’m glad it’s a “Jurassic Park” game and not a lame Jurassic World game. It would annoy lots of people if it said World on it instead of Park.
YES!!!!! I NEED THIS NOW!!
Wft ?! Who want game with mia Khalifa ?? Euhhh forget that
OMFG is this real or am I dreaming??? I can't describe how ready I am for this😭
the time period is the 90s but the girl looks like shes from 2023
Seriously, is this a real game that's going to be released or just a fan's pleasure? If so, this is the game we've all been waiting for! The first shots made my brain spin! The realism is impressive.
If they can pull this off , Alien Isolation will have some company, FINALLY.
MAAAAAANNNNNNN I can't wait to play the hell out of this game
Good announcement trailer.
Realese ?
This better not get canceled
Que epicooo ya quiero Jugarloo!!! 🤘🦖
gotta stay alive long enough to play this! lol
I dont need it, i dont need it i dont need it, i definitly dont need it..... III NEEED IIIIIT
Wow this looks very interesting
bro the graphic is insane
Thank god it´s a chick and not a white toxic dude!! We need more woke bullshit like that.
I know everyone would like it I like it but i don't feel like playing ot just because  I get jumpscared easily
Is it just me or does she look like a female version of dr Malcom?  Btw, how much hype can you have for a game you have dreamt of for almost thirty years, haha 😅🫶🏼
I mean...  why does every new game have to be in First-Person? Is it just to skip complex character animations?? It Literally makes me sick. We need Good Third person games too... Atleast Give us the option to switch between 1st and 3rd person (Like GTA V/ RDR II).
i wonder if this game is canon to the main timeline
I cannot wait pre order straight away
What a time to be alive
A Game 65 Million Years In The Making.
0:50 Hange
you know what's cool ?  IT'S JURASSIC PARK,, PARK !!, NOT WORLD,, IT'S PARK
I was waiting for this for almost my whole bachelor life😂
This could be the ALIEN ISOLATION of the Jurassic Franchise! FINALLY!!! 😮😮❤❤
Really wish the cinematic would have been a little more original than just copying everything from Jurassic Park. More gameplay footage would have been better.
LET'S F U K I N G  GOO,  I've been waiting for a Jurassic Park game like this for so long. This is the terror we needed
*🔥WELCOME TO JURASSIC PARK🔥*
as long as its not made by ubisoft, i'm in
Finally, it's been so long since a game from the 'sexism in a survival situation' genre was released.
Mia Khalifa and dinos??? Im in.
First gta 6 and now this???? Dammm 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
There's hope!! 🇦🇺🫶❤️👍
viiibezzz
Spared no expense.
Cant wait for this
Omg yess!
People waited 10 years for gta6, We waited 30 years for this
VR surely???
Great, always wanted to play a social studies professor in jurassic park.
Finally we get Jurassic park survival glad to see they used the same name as the old one they never used
Well this will have to do
Holy cow it's Alien: Isolation in Jurassic Park! This definitely has the potential to be something truly amazing! =D
Thats MIA???
I need this. Yesterday.
Basically, it'll be like Alien Isolation, but, Dinosaurs. Lol.
No vehicle customization yet would really like to roll around in that 4x4 RV from Lost Word
ZOMG!!! bring it onnnn! wow
No WAY man! Finally i waited for this so long! Cant wait
Of course it´s a diverse woman....barf!
the raptor in the freezer returns
Whoever made this game and frontier.. ILYSM
Make it also with a multiplayer mode please!
Finally! They make it! A Alien isolation with JP licence. Waouuuuu!
gta 6 ruined everything, nothing looks as good
I went to the cinema last Sunday for a charity showing of Jurassic Park. It was just as awesome as when I first saw it at age 13 in '93. This does look good, but we've had our fingers burnt before...
Can't wait to play it!!
What an ugly main character, hope the rest of the game is decent.
Is it gonna be canon to the movies?
Is this why they made the other developer cancel his game?   I wish they would put both up.  This looks like a new version of Jurassic Park: The game from 2010.   Still, i'm sure it'll be good!
This looks really fun! (Also, Capcom if this does well, then you know what to do...)
a dream come true <3
Truly amazing first look. Years in the making!
Yeaaaaah a Dinosaur game yeaaaah
YESSSSSSSS finally were get a game like so this is why they closed the Jurassic operation fan game
No. No no.. that fuckin freezer raptor is dead lol
Camp Cretaceous in a game nice
Did she say her name was Maya or Mia?
Is anyone getting Alien Isolation vibes? Please let that be a reality.
Yesssssssssssssssssssssz 🎉
Mia khalifa the main protagonist
This looks INCREDIBLE. Thank you for creating the game so many of us have been waiting for, and for setting it in the Jurassic Park era of the franchise. I cannot wait!
The graphics is so good I was confused as to whether this is a spin off with real actors, it's AI or it's a game. Amazing!
The perfect jurassic park game man I am excited for this!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please dont suck
If this is anything like Alien Isolation then we're in for the biggest treat ever. Man I love that they're going back to what made dinosaurs scary in the first place.
This and Jurassic Park The Game are based on the original idea Steven Spielberg had for the first sequel. Can’t understand why Universal doesn’t turn this into a movie!! It would be better than anything that the JW films have presented so far.
My friends, welcome to Jurassic Park: Survival
PLEASE DONT MESS IT UP
Finally the JP game that we deserved!
My childhood man
My childhood man
Finally! A survival horror Jurassic park game! You finally came to your senses. Hope we get more in the future. ❤
Finally 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hopefully this isn’t like other game announcements where we won’t hear another thing about it until it’s released in 8 years…
Looked awesome until the first person reveal. Can we stop making first person horror games? First person makes horror games boring.
I was hoping for jurassic world camp creatous game but this looks like it will be awesome keep up the work
Im so excited oh my god. And its the original movie!!!! I could cryyyyyyy!
Mia Khalifa is in this game!? No shot 😂😂
This game might encourage Capcom to do a Dino Crisis remake...
“this place, I wanted to show them something that wasn’t an illusion, something that was real” what’s that sound… a Jurassic Park survival horror game ohhh mannn am I excited 🤩
I like how it has the original film vibes. Thank goodness it’s not based on the terrible sequels.
lezzzzzzzzzzz go
Se ve prometedor! 😮‍💨
I am SO HAPPY!!! Such a lifelong dream to finally be able to play a game like this from JP! I can only imagine what the gameplay would be like if it was offered in PS5 VR!🤯 Terrifying and Terrific!
Yes! That music always gives my chills.
HECK YEA!!
PLEASEEEEEEE
Looks really nice ..    im just gonna do everything the opposite of what she is doing ..  like not talking and making as much noise that i can untill im in a secure area  hehe
It actually looks so good
Too bad it looks like story scripted garbage. Can play trash like this already quick time event jurassic park games…
I pray this game does well because it looks phenomenal 🥰
Gta 6 x Jurassic park survival
I wonder if you can use weapons.
This better not be some “choose your own adventure” cutscene game…
it surely gonna bring back the vibes of  Alien Isolation.
is that mia khalifa?
Finally an official survival/horror game!!!  (I mean, I know we have Trespasser, but..)
Vivir una experiencia de intentar sobrevivir en isla Nublar, siempre ha sido mi sueño 🙏
Ain't no way that fence would have held up
Are there any male characters? I don’t want to play as and ESG university stronk female I’m pretty sure most guys don’t too
Took long enough
Best news all week!! The music the nostalgia, I can’t wait!!
OMG!!!!! Christmas come early!!!!!!
YEEEEEEEESSSS!!!!!!!!
Can I choose my character though?! I’m not playing as fn SJW activist Pu ssy! If I’m gonna play as a chick at least give me Lara Croft or something
Requirements for pc?
I swear I've seen her before
Mia Khalifa?
This is epic
question will it be multiplayer?
Hell yeah! Finally!
FINALLY!!!!!!
idk much about how dinosaur vision works but woman why aren't your instintics telling you to turn off the flashlight?
YES ANOTHER JURASSIC PARK GAME
distinctly remember the pin being in the door of the cold storage, so the raptor 100% shouldn't be able to escape
I'm getting Alien Isolation vibes. And that is a good thing. This would make a great horror game
I hope this game will have that scary horror nuance from JP game for Sega Genesis.. The soundtrack haunt me forever 🥹
I want this to be a first-person shooter.
not holding my hopes high, I can wait...
Wow mia khalifa for the actor, I love it!! So excited.. 💃
Omg yes yes yes !!!!!!
This is like dying light but for jurassic park, hopefully we can do parkour
For God’s sake pls let this be in first person 🙏🏻
So the fridge raptor didn't die huh
I'm very wary about survival games. Id hate to have to stop and eat or take a crap while being chased by a T-Rex. Hopefully its more Tomb Raider and less ARK.
Seriously an indian girl 😂
Ah, so this is why they went after the guy making a survival horror JP game in Dreams
Dino Crisis vibes anyone?
Ray traced lighting and shadows??
I have been waiting for this for many long years, I feel like crying 😁🥵
Bruh why can't PlayStation 4 have it?
Dina is that you ? Are you realy in game with Dinosaurs,  Dina ?
These comments lmao
Finally ❤
I wish it was 3rd person
What a time to be a Jurassic Park fan
this is gunna be lit 🔥
Am I interested? A little bit. If I get to use and shoot a SPAS-12 shotgun in the game? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY RIGHT NOW!!!
1:30 pov:you get done using the Taco Bell toilet
The dino game we've all been waiting for
uuuuhhhhh Yes please.
Crazy
Dang
This is something  that would be a fan made game but, no. They are making a actual survival game that people have wanted for years at this point
Oh crap I got goosebumps because of how good this is and excitement!
0:54 Is it my eyes 👀 or the Main character looks like Mia Khalifa...💃💃💃
I need more... like real gameplay
RIP to the original JP Survival game that was going to be released on PS2 along side JP3. It never made it to shelves.
A dream comes true. When I saw this movie for the first time in 1993 at the age of 6, I was waiting for Wiese's play. Now, at 36, the time has finally come 😢
Truly excited but they do need to ease up on the female aspect just a little bit. Go ahead and rip me apart but Jurassic world and now Jurassic Park is doing that just a little bit too much! Micheal Crichton put the “female only” plan in the book so that they could control the population of the animals not to push an agenda however though I do see where modern day politics picked up on it and ran 🙄 like when are we ever going to see “Buck” again and actually have him as a main character and just not a skin? You know?
Please give the game in both first person and third person view
Yyeeeessssss 🎉🎉🎉
Hell yeah, a Resident Evil style Jurassic Park game. What a treat. No wonder that hit fan game got struck down for copyright, seems plans were already in development
Consider me HYPED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
About time a good survival adventure Jurassic Park game!
I feel like it's going to play a lot like the outlast games, which is great for horror but no way in hell I'd call them survival games.
Rip studio wildcard
Chyeaaa thats what im talking boot , lmao i just thot i hope there isnt woke dinosaurs 😂 cant wait to play the f out this game as mia khalifa 🤣 im joking 😅
Hell yeah this is what we wanted over ARK
They listened!
Drool
The best of game awards 2023!!!
Goddamn. Thought that was Mia K there for a second.
Best News Ever
Ark may have some competition
His graphics are INSANE!!🤯❤
I love every callback to the original movie in this trailer! Omg my Jurassic Park survival horror game dream has finally come true!😍 The graphic looks so sureal too!
No wonder Universal killed that fan made survival game recently...
Finally!! Thank you so much for making it!!! Please do your best!! I like the main character! We need amazing sound effects and atmosphere and gameplay and graphics if possible! Please do your best developer team! ❤😊
Just do not do what everyone else is doing and release this half baked early access......
This is like a dream come true. So hyped!⚡️ Pls turn out to be an incredible game🤞
simplemente hermoso
Why is she modeled after Mia Khalifa? 😂😂
I've been saying for years that someone should make another Alien Isolation but in the style od Jurassic Park. Lets hope this is at least as terrifying and difficult.
Wow, after 20+ years they finally do what people wanted
a game 65 million years in the making
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I truly find it so awesome how they making it a new game based on the events after the first movie who was left behind. So cool
Now MY Life finds a way..!!!
the moment I saw alien isolation I know, that this is the best fit for JP and finally someone is doing that.
Not woke enough. We need a trannysaurus Rex
When is the release date?
Oh good, a diverse female main character...
Lessss goooo we get to play as Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park!!
omg randy (raptor in freezer)  is alive? i dident know omg
Wow, I always wanted to see Mia Khalifa fighting some, ahem, giant lizards! :D
Long time Jurassic park fan here. This is what we’ve all wanted for years. Learn from this and keep delivering. Also do more with Robert Muldoon and Roland Tembo. And hurry up lol
Are players really stuck with Lilly Singh as the protagonist?  Is there a character creator?
The Best Choice, For who cant wait another Developer remake their Game, And for who want to play Survival Horror Based on Dinosaurs with modern engine, Looks Amazing🙏
There is no way that raptor survived being locked in the freezer 2:10
I call bullsh*t. That raptor should be frozen solid.
El sueño se hizo realidad, el juego que siempre estuve esperando y ambientado en la primera película, solamente puedo decir GRACIAS
mia khalifa Tá no jogo 😂🤣🤣🤣
Is Mia Khalifa the only player character?
Yeah ok, I'll come back.
now this is what im talking about. the least 3 games were fckn trash. this looks like something to look forward too since MW3 2023 is still garbage.
hell yes
Too much esg for me.
Ooh they been cooking 🤯🤯
Dude I cannot wait. I also hope there’s a reference to the troodons from Jurassic Park: the game
expected her to lose her glasses.....
THANK YOU.
I hope the PC version is VR compatible
Yes I've been wait for this. finally they listened to us and made a game that is better than the park buliding sim, trash we have
Letsgoooooo!!!!!! Finally letsgowwwwww!!!!
This and the gta 6 trailer In the same week!
Oh, so this is why that one JP fan game was cancelled.
Really hope they do this justice. This is the JP game people have been waiting for
Am I only one who thing is gonna be like ,, Alien Isolation “ but other story 🤓
Oh my god I can't wait <3 <3 <3
Guess we know why that fan game got that cease and desist letter now 😅
LETS FUCKIN GO
Woke mob ：this game has a woman female character who looks like a woman, cancel it!!!
Ooooo this is gonna be good!! This is what fans have been waiting for!! Let's hope for them completing a trilogy based of the first 3 films🤞because I want to be chased by a Spinosaurus 😎
Is this VR? Im gonna loose my mind 💀
I want a Jurassic Park RPG where you work on the isle, excavate fossils on expeditions, and even work as a ranger and on one of the asset recovery teams. This is a good start I guess 😂
Put a diversity hire in it I see.
I saw someone say survival horror in the comments and I immediately thought of Dino Crisis. Minus the gun, a survival horror of this game the likes of Dino Crisis is pretty gnarly.
Finally  A Jurassic Park survival horror game  This is a blessing  Now all we need is a full on horror movie
WE ARE SO BACKK
Yes finally a horror Jurassic park game
i wish it could be available on xbox one
Dbd but jurassic park
Shut up and take my money
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Finally. A AAA quality jurassic Park survival game.
Dudes, this looks great. Can't wait to play!
Mía Kalifa?
please tell me we can find the barbasol can...
SOO HYPED
That velociraptor in the freezer should’ve been dead
Did they make plan's to make a game called jurassic park survival before tgey scrapped it and thus is a good way to honor 30 years of it
Let's Go.....I'll pre order it right now
Since Capcom is sleeping on the Dino Crisis franchise, I hope this game is well made and survival horror like
THANK YOU FOR THIS!
This is a gold mine waiting to be tapped into. Can’t wait to see more
Just take my money!!!!!!
Why is Mia Khalifa in this game?
this was hype. no wonder why they struck down the game that was just like this lol
I hope this game is the JP equivalent of Alien: Isolation.
"I cheered when I recognized all the things from the movie!!" - Norm E.
Mia Khalifa....is that you!?
Wow those people are doing things white people already did.
FINALLY!!!...Trespasser DONE RIGHT!!!....Been waiting a long time for a JP Survival game like many many others!!
Please can you make the dinosaur sounds the actual sounds of dinosaur as recently discovered
FINALLY!!! I WANT THIS GAME
Klaytoooon!!!
this is universals last chance for me, if it isn't good, i'm giving up on the franchise. It looks promising, but so did jurassic world dominion, i hat being a cynic but i've givin up on seeing the bright side with dinosaur content
Finally bring back the original title i am pre-ordering this game
OMG ……. I almost cried at work, my heart is beating with excitement.. please god keep me alive long enough to play this game 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Post Jurassic Park?! Nothing can get any better than this!
There's a chance that this could top Aftermath, before this that was the closest thing we had to a Jurassic Park/World survival game
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic park ???
WHO 2:09? 🤔🤔
So like usual they shut down that fan game cause they were doing their own. Nice
I'm so interested to play!
It’s a Christmas miracle
Our dream has come true
2023? 2024?
Me and my father will lose our minds over this game, it looks SO GOOOD!!! I really wanna play it :(
I hoped for a Dino crises remake but this could work.
At last, dream game 30 years in the making.
"We're gonna make a fortune with this game"  -Donald Gennaro
Seeing the Freezer door opening with an all too familiar menacing caw, and of one jumping on to what looks like a raft, I hope that there be more Velociraptors than we originally thought. It was thought that there weren’t anymore on Isla Nublar since the first movie until Jurassic World. Just three theories:  First Theory: From the first film, the unfortunate individual was locked in the freezer by the kids; The Big One and her other subordinate were finished off  by Rexy. Maybe the one in the Freezer had the unbelievable willpower to keep pounding the locked door or if the new protagonist of this new game unintentionally unlocked it out of hunger for if there’s any food.  Second Theory: From Telltale Game JP of 2011, There was also a new shipment of five Raptors that had been sent in from Site B to replace the original five the Big One killed. Two were taken out: one by Oscar Morales the mercenary and the other by Rexy. Only three, especially the alpha female that was scarred by Oscar are still alive but their whereabouts are unknown. Maybe, just a hope, that those same three raptors from Telltale will appear in this newly, amazing and thrilling game of Jurassic Park. And if the last raptor of the Big One’s pack escaped the freezer, would come across the new Trio and accept the scarred raptor as her new alpha, making them into four. Four raptors would make things a lot more dangerous and exciting.  And the Third Theory that, unknowingly to us and the rest of the characters from the film, that there was an underground secret room we have no knowledge about, there is a hidden raptor hatchery or paddock of probably about five or six raptors that were kept away until the Park would be opened for the world. But when the power failed, the secret carnivores escaped and roam into the jungle for their first time. Making things a whole lot more difficult, challenging and intensely thrilling. (and frightening)😀😁😨😳  Nevertheless, it is going to be a Dino-mite 😃🦖🦕 hell of a game that will come out soon!
Is that Mia Khalifa? 😮
We have to play as Mia Khalifa? Wth
My childhood 🥹🥹🥹🥹
Please give this an M rating with proper horror elements! Alien Isolation Style! Don't dumb it down for the kids
Why cant xbox one's be allowed to enjoy this as well?!?!? This is my childhood as a horror game.
Please tell me you don't play as a lame British woman. Ugh, British people ruin everything.
Is canon?
So if a T Rex shows up in the game, would you just stand there and not move a muscle?
FINALLY
Yay! Mia Khalifa running away from Dinos
LOL screw you, Ark 2, you took too long!!
now imagine a show with this atmosphere and not that childish "camp cretaceous" nonsense
This then would take place around when Jurassic Park: The Game happened.  Anyone know around when this game will release?
FINALLY A JURASSIC PARL HORROR GAME
*mia khalifa: survival*
I like the parts where they use iconic scenes where Ariana Richards, a white female, is replaced by a black female, for literally no reason.  But if the roles were reversed the outrage would be everywhere.
Dang they got mia khalifa in this game
Finally you are making a horror game
Jss, guys, you're really overreacting with all sorts of references. That's annoying
Trailer looks awesome but can we stop with the multi-racial characters? We are tired of that crap. At least she's not a black character with a shaved head and hair dye.
R.I.P Alan’s old hat  Ki1led by galimimus
Cautiously optimistic about this one. Goosebumps when Hammond was talking at the beginning.
2025
I think in general, we need another Jurassic Park/World movie that takes place during the Jurassic Park days (but doesn’t involve past characters, make up new ones)
Remember that one survival horror game about Jurassic Park that released a trailer years ago and got cancelled? It was literally named the same. I will never forget it. Wish I could play it. But this looks awesome, looking forward for this one!
YEAHHHHH!!!! FINNALY
inject this into my VEINS
Finally, something that's not a park builder
Hey, look!  A remake of Trespasser!
Bro December announcements for movies and stuff are going crazy first gta6 then kong x godzilla, lego fortnite, the last of us, dlc for god of war and now this come on cant get better than this 😮‍💨❤
But we already have Jurassic Park: The Game and now this. Both would take place shortly after the event of the first film. We might need to move on from this, and try not to create many conflicting stories.
This..this is what ive lived this long for.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO been waiting for a jurassic park game like this for YEARS!
Mia Khalifa😻❤️
I want to see carnotaurus and troodons in the game.
For a sec I thought this was a new movie tbh 💀
Didn't anyone notice her resemblance to Jeff Goldblum? Is she his daughter?
when animation is so good and so awful at the same time
I hope that it is as intense as the film's and novels keeping you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole game.
Everybody was screaming Mia Khalifa at the game of the year awards reveal 😂😂😂
This is game I wanted to see. And now it’s finally happening. Crichton was right
sadly its an ego game, this woudl have been a so much nicer experience, if you could play it in 3rd person view, giving the game more of a cineastic feeling as like the old movies.. if its possible, for gods sake, even it its just made later and part of some kind of DLC Add on or so, please make it possible to play the whole game also in 3rd person view.
FIRST PERSON JURASSIC PARK?!? *HELL YES!!* 👍👍👍NO XBOX ONE VERSION?!? *HELL NO!!* 😡😡😡
Y sobre Jurassic park que GOD
Ok but when is it out? 2025? 2026? Why even announce it if we have to wait 5 more fkin years
Finally!! Don’t screw this up!!!!
This looks so good!!! Always wanted a survival game set in Jurassic Park!! So excited 😊🦖🦕
Who remembers the JP Survival game that got canned back in the day, so hyped to finally see one actually coming out!
...we've waited so long💀...
I see galimimus tyrannosaurus rex dilophosaurus and velociraptor What else we might see in this game
pls make this multiplayer and funny af lol
That s too bad that dont will avaible for playstation 4 only 5
This game has that  Alien Isolation vibe of game adaptation
Lost me at first person camera
Poor Rachel Zegler. First a witch wants to kill her. Then she's forced to fight to the death, now she's trapped with a bunch of dinosaur-like creatures.
I’m getting flash back of alien isolation
Whoever made this game is a...     clever girl.
Lot Dino games look forward to which great to see, especially dino horror games.  Reminds me of the same plot as Telltale Jurassic Park left behind 🦕
Mia Khalifa in a Jurassic Park game nice
Cinematics are nice, but actual gameplay is better.
The lore updates are gonna be crazy now if it’s canon
I hope they include a battle Royale
🤩🤩🤩
I hope this ends up being the successor to JP Trespasser that we've been waiting for.
missed the mark on this one. Could’ve been lethal company with dino’s.
FINALLY 🎉
PSVR2 support please
Looking forward to this! Please be good!
So.....The raptor undid the pin lock......from inside the freezer?
Finally something that looks decent for a JP game.
If only they could have made the protagonist look like anybody else but Mia kalifa
this better than gta6 trailer.
OMG! FINALLY! After tons of building park games we finally get an adventure game
Mia Khalifa in Jurassic Park game!!! Never thought I see this day happen!
The Jurassic Park game we been waiting for!!
While I was watching that trailer I said to myself she’s gonna pull a Nedrey
Great! Realistic Jurassic Park is back!!! 😎
The new Jurassic Park video game 🦖
W
This is the survivial game we didn't ask for but we needed!
I want to be the dinosaur tho
The trailer might have a lot of memberberry moments, but this seems cool
It's about time
I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR A GAME LIKE THIS MY WHOLE LIFE!!!!
I’m buying this game for the Mia Khalifa look alike
1.85:1 aspect ratio, like in the original film.
Now Capcom would be insane not to remake Dino Crisis!
Gollum or Avatar sitch?
Well, now we know why that JP fan game got a cease and desist.
We need a movie..
This got me giddy with excitement.
Finally! This looks much more interesting than the Jurassic world  movies tbh
Mia Khalifa? More like Jurassic PORK, amirite?
Oooh, Ahhh, that's how it  always starts. Then later there's running and screaming.
Its lives, the Jurassic Park will always live on!!”🎉
Is it multi-player online?
I’m so excited!!! I’ve always wanted a true Jurassic Park game!!! 🦖
Wow That's A New Game Of Jurassic Park Survival Right
I’ve been saying for years we need a Jurassic Park survival game set after the events of the first movie!  This is literally a dream come true. Thank you so much!
One time 20 years ago i already was hyped up for a game called Jurassic Park Survival,sadly it did not worked out i'm still pissed about that,so i will wait for more info about this one hopefuly it will come out.
I hope it lets you play 3rd person view.
Ark 3?
Why is everything in first person these days ?
please tell me this will be canon
If i have to play as a woman or a black dude, thanks i’ll pass...
SO EXCITED <3
Never in my life I didn’t know this will come out soon
FINALLY! GODDAMN YES! FINALLY A JURASSIC SURVIVAL GAME! TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH!
If anyone has seen the show or knows if it’s cannon, then I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope for some cenizoic creatures
If this does good maybe we will get a TLW version too
Please tell me this game has VR support
Hell yeah!  Finally!  Thank you!  WOOOOOOOH!
Cool. But cmon, cgi trailers in 2023 are a huge L
Sorry,  they lost me at woke
The thumbnail is wild ngl
The graphics scare me... It might work for ps5, but it could also work for ps4...
Mia khaliffa is canon in jurassic park universe 😮
Pense q seria mmo q decepción
So is this canon? Let's hope so
Will Mia Khalifa be the only playable character?
WE MAKIN IT OUTTA THE PARK WITH THIS ONE 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
So this is why universal made that YouTuber takedown his survival game
Jurassic Park Survival coming soon on Xbox Series X/S, PlayStation 5 and PC on computer.
MIA KHALIFA?
Show more gameplay and stop hiding behind the better animations
way to go. wayy to go you made it through. now you turn the thing off breath the air take walk.
Pleasantly surprised by this - hope it's good.
I legitimately can't tell if that player is cgi or no
why she looks so similar to mia khalifa
single player L
A really really well made first person Jurassic Park game? DAY ONE!!
Well, Someone go tell the Deathgrounds Devs that their game died today….
you cant create your own character? lame
Okay. First of i gotta praise how the shots from this not only look intense but that the makers clearly watched Jurassic Park 1 due to them remembering the Raptor in the closet. A big improvement from Jurassic World. But i have 2 problems.  1. How'd the Raptor get loose from the coldstorage? If you answer it with the Dilophosaurus causing the lock to come loose in a skirmish. Then i am okay with it. 2. My biggest issue. How does she know about the flare trick? Alan was the one who figured it out due to him being an archeologist and he knew to stand still. Malcom knew about the flare cause he saw Grant do it but also failed epicly cause he began to run. And Claire in Jurassic World knew about the flare because it was years afterwards and she got all the info from history. But how does this female character know? It's a big plothole and i seriously hope you fix that. I must say there is literally only ONE way to solve this one. Have the one she talks to on the phone be Grant and he tells her what to do. Otherwise you've hit a big issue.
A JP survivor game with Mía Khalifa! ❤
My chills have chills!!!
Yes!  A survival horror game set in the best dinosaur movie ever made. And it’s all single player. Day one hands down❤️🤘🏻
This was unexpected 😮
I am going to buy this and have an hour max on the game, because I'll be too spooked
Can’t wait this one and gta 6 is my games for right now
🥳🍾🥳
Mia khalifa in the new Jurassic Park game is going to be wild
Hard pass if i gotta play as that shehethey looking nerd
So awesome and can't wait to play it
im all in
I'll be pissed if it like those dumb Telltale games. I don't want to click random buttons with a whole game of cut scenes.
FINALLY
Mia Khalifa + Jurassic Park + Survival = GOOOTTTYYYYY
Ok this is cool!
For the love of John Hammond, and in memory of Robert Muldon! Confirm that this, in addition to survival, is the legitimate tactical FPS of the franchise that will succeed Trespasser with dignity. We fans can no longer handle managing parks, let alone watching a game where you have to press to perform actions. It's enough for Universal to embargo the work that fans have already done for the work with competence. This game is visually beautiful! But if you have to remain passive in the action, there’s no point. Let this game be a survival FPS.
No Nintendo switch ☠️☠️☠️☠️
My younger brother, who was a huge Jurassic Park fan, really wanted a game like this set in the setting of the first park. He has passed away this Summer...  I will play it for you, Denny 💔
Ya era hora carajo
Finally!
BEAVER GONNA BE LEAPING OUT OF HIS SEAT WITH THIS
I still can't believe this is real!
I hate how nostalgia bait this is.
Everyone:this game gonna be scary  The dilo: hello kind fellow if you be so kinf and lay down and let me eat you thank you🧐🧐
When it cut back to the cold storage and the velociraptor noise as the door creaked, my jaw dropped!! This looks so exciting!
Alright, this better be good knowing that you cancelled a fan made project of this that was already in the works. Don't disappoint Jurassic World.
I’ve watched this trailer an unhealthy amount of times… need this released ASAP!! 🙌🏻
So you're telling me the raptor survived and got out of the freezer after being locked in?
Que Maravilla ❤ ojala salga bien
Yes, finally a Jurassic game like this!
I NEED IT NOWWWW😭🙏
Mia Khalifa runs from dinosaurs, yay
isnt this just that exact same premise from the quicktime based game that came out years ago
YES! So happy to see this wasn't cancelled after all! I cannot wait to get my mitts on this game!
Oh my God I never thought I’d see it a actual Jurassic park. Survival game. Did which it was four players though but still looks amazing.
AWESOME!!!!
Almost got emotional for 25 years of my life waiting for a survival horror game made my year forsure
Mia Khalifa inserted into scenes taken directly from the original movie... instead of the cancelled game I wanted from 2001? (Google: Jurassic Park Survival PS2 2001)
Yayy
Finally Mia Khalifa main character😅
This is truly a dream come true. Thank god they’ve finally understood the kind of JP game we’ve been asking for
Mmkay, so we're using Jurassic World raptor models for a Jurassic Park game hmm alright.
Can’t believe they remembered the raptor lol I’m soo excited
How did Mia kalifa score this gig
YESSS
I can’t believe it
I’m pumped for this
mia khalifa?
Could this be what Trespasser tried to do all those years ago? I really hope so
TheGamingBeaver will be soo happy they listened 😅
Mia kalifa in Jurassic park
This is what I've always wanted. Hope it's great!
Mía Khalifa????
Finally! We have been asking for this for years! Thank you!!  Please may it come soon and may you ditch park builders and make action adventures!!! When release date??
I really did not expect this to pop up and show this, HOLY SH!T, welp fans got what they wanted, a horror survivsl version of Jurassic Park, now make an open world where players can play as dinosaurs, pot/the isle don't count.
I hope this game is multiplayer with two players would be amazing
Is this real? Please be real????
Saw this at the Game Awards and was taken aback! I didn’t even know this was going to be made! THANK YOU JURASSIC WORLD!!! TAKE MY MONEY!!!!
Where’s the Dragon 🐉
Lets go a jurrasic park game after years
This is the game Ive always wanted! I cant contain my excitment right now! eeeee!
Finally something that isn’t a park builder
Oh this, this is beautiful. Also, we finally learn what happened to the freezer raptor!
Eh the main character dosent seem that good but hey a Triple a like survival horror dinosaur game
FINNALLY, JP SURVIVAL AND DILO REPRESENTATION
Saber is killing it with these movie games I can’t wait to see A Quite Place Game it’s been a minute surprised it wasn’t showed off
Everyone saying their ready till they hear the tyrannosaur roar for the first time
In the words of Regigigas…  *”My Body is Ready”*
HOW IS THE ANIMATION IN THE TRAILER SO LIFE-LIKE?? JUNGLE BOOK AND THE LION KING KINDA GOT NOTHING ON THIS
WHY DOES IT LOOK SO GOOD??
02:06 She finally got out!!!
Put a kibosh on fan's project and then steal their concept? Krenautican must be kicking his stress ball right now.
YES Jurassic Park fans have been hungering for a game like this. Hyped to see more from it.
It’s almost unreal that we’re finally getting what the fans have been asking for, a true horror-survival Jurassic Park (NOT Jurassic World) video game. I’m extremely hyped and terrified at the same time lol Trespasser had an unfortunate history, the park builder games were great but they were just that, and Aftermath I just personally wasn’t a fan of but this has the potential to finally make it up for all of it!
Alien Isolation on Isla Nubar
Oh my gosh this is looking wild! Wonder what kind of surprises are in store in this? One way to find out!
Cool looking, but I don't want to play a JP game going through movie scenes as an Indian girl though🤷
There finally listening to us a official jurassic survial game YES!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO FINALLY MY DREAM GAME HAHAHHA
Holy. Hell. Yes. Please. And. Thank. You.
Se ve con madre
와 영화인줄 알았네.. 그 와중에 조회수보다 좋아요 가 더 많네 ㅋㅋ
Hold on to your butts!!
This is the type of game we’ve been wanting for decades. Let’s hope it actually make the release date and doesn’t get cancelled.
I will be buying that game on steam!
C :
She looks like Mia khalifa lol
Let's go! Finally, a jurassic park horror survival game! 🦖
Looks good, reminds me of Jurassic Park the game
Please say it will be 3rd and 1st person.
SO THIS is why you killed JP:Operations! So you could force people to buy this game instead of play JP:O for free!
Finally a sruvival game based on Jurassic Park and starring Mia Khalifa no less!
that really awsome, hope for more gore dinosaur eating human scenes
I really hope this turns out amazing.
Será como Alien Isolation
This is literally the Jurassic Park game I've always dreamed of
Look good already and awesome
TELL ME I'm not the only person who thought that was Mia Khalifa in the first frame bro🤣
I want to play this so bad
So like a year ago you threaten to sue Krenautican and the Jurassic Park Operations team for making a jurassic park survival game that "could damage the brand and vision we have for the franchise" and then start working on you own Jurassic Park Survival game. Man....
Finally! A JP Game for pure survival! We are so blessed to get this game, i so can not wait for this!   If your a Jurasspic Park fan, and want to surivive in the park, please give a rexy sized roar!
I hope this also opens up a door to a DLC where you play as someone on isla Sorna after hurricane Clarissa
nop~ plz make it as TPS type!!
what is she a doctor of.... she does not look quite 30ish
Shut up and take my money
heck yes! one of my favorite games from the OG playstation was lost world… this is giving me those vibes
In VR would be amazing also
Mia Khalifa went from eating that meat to becoming the meat eaten.
Alien Isolation meets Prehistoric Park? I'm all for it!!
yes, yes wohhhhho
Okay now, let's not forget about Jurassic Park: The Game by Telltale cause if this is another game set after the events of the first game.... I'M GONNA LOVE IT 😁
😂 This game will be like 125 GB just because of the cutscene 🤦‍♂️
This is more exciting to me than GTA 6
😂 This game will be like 125 GB just because of the cutscene 🤦‍♂️
I really hope this game combines some of the old horror elements from alien Isolation and use it for Jurassic park survival But looking at this trailer again it seems that they might.
Yes time to take a walk through the Park.❤😂
F*CKING FINALLY!!!
Why she looks like Mia Khalifa LOLOL
Mia Kalifa?
Whoa !!! I can already feel the love and passion from the team that are involved crafting this nostalgic adventure!!! As a fan, on behalf of the fans. Thank you for your time, energy and relentless effort to make this come to life !!!🇦🇺
Freaking finally!!!!!!!!
You know she's gonna be a wicked protagonist when she's petrified of the dilophosaurus but totally ready for the T. Rex
I LOVE the “is anyone there” and the dilophosaurus just peeking over like “yeah, me, I’m here”
Since when mia khalifa on isla nublar..
Cool
I’m so confused on this
OMG, that Raptor survived
My dream came true!!!!!
I have ALWAYS wanted a game like this! So stoked!!
Finally
Is it gonna be on the PS4? Too
FCK YEAH MIA KHALIFA AND DINOSAURS !!!!! 2024 OUR YEAR BOYS !
FINALLY!!!
So is this like alien isolation but with dinosaurs ? If so I’m sold.
esse bico da Mia Khalifa eu não tava ligado não...
She looks a lot like Mia from the show I use to watch
Mia khalifa and dinosaurs. 🔥
Spared no expense
Omg!!! Yes yes a thousand times YES
Just keep the good and we will be happy. Don’t try to me smart on this.
YOOOO I CAN’T WAIT
The year takes place in the 90s. Please for the love of GOD, don’t add gays, trans, color wash, and please don’t make her lesbian. We want a dinosaur game, not an issue we have today.
We’ve been waiting years…and a Jurassic park horror survival game is finally here and I’m smiling so hard right now
WOOOOOOO YEEEAAAA BABY THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITIN FOR WOOOOO
Im really hoping for alien isolation vibes and not dying light.
Kinda like alien isolation?
Single player finally!!!
Finally the listened
Yes!!! 🎉🦖❤
Basically a Dead by Daylight with JP Theme. Ok, take all my money anyway.
Childhood dream goona be true
This is the dream Jurassic Park game
MIA KHALIFA AND THE DINOS
The very thing I dreamed about and hoped for SO.MANY.YEARS.
I feel like this is jsut another game where the enemy knows where you are but pretend like they dont and it doesnt really matter what you do, you dont actually elude them.
the best thing about this is they used the pc logo, this means this wont be an epic exclusive.
Hopefully there's other playable protagonists.
FINALLY
new jurassic park game is always good, also i like that the protagonist is British (or at least has a British accent)
So this is why they stopped the fan game.
Kevin lives 🎉🎉 and finally universal had the guts to do something and I was giving up hope
Oh. My. Gawd.  This looks amaaaazing!!   But to do something like this in VR would be absolutely mind blowing
La hija del doctor Malcom
this better be good
Awesome Trailer!
FINALLY!!!!! They've given us what we've been wanting.
1:06 imagine she opens the door and is instagibbed by a velociraptor
FINALLY!
There really shouldn't be any raptors. There were only 3 and they were all killed by the end of the film. "But there were more in the book" if this was following the book, the Dilophosaurus would be 20 feet long and not have the neck frill.
Jurassic Park Survival Rule #1    Do not run from a Velociraptor with the flashlight still on.
Oh my God! Finaly.
YOU FINALLY LISTENED YOU BRILLIANT PEOPLE! YEARS OF DUMB PARK BUILDERS, FIIINNNAAALLLYYYY
The nostalgia!
It's kinda crazy I couldn't always tell ot was cg 😮
anyone else getting heavy alien isolation vibes from this game
Mia khalifa main character
I’m excited to simply spend more time in this universe!
i have been asking for this since jurassic park trespasser.
I saw the Cold Storage, and i knew a Raptor reference was coming! Can't Wait!!!
FINALLY!!!
W
Lex and Tim Locked a Raptor in that Freezer how is the Pin lock dangling loose? Missing that attention to detail.
Hopefully it’s mainly a single player game.
Mia Khalifa mod
Hopefully a true successor to what LostWorld:Trespasser was suppose to be Can't wait!
Reminds me of dying light
Is this an open world game or just another Jurassic Park the game kind of game?
I have been saying for friggin' years that we need an Alien Isolation-style game set in Jurassic Park.   PSVR2 support, or I riot.
This makes me happy
FINAAAAALLLLY
I feel nostalgic all over again
Novo jogo?
Gamingbeaver  you better play this game when it comes out bro
It cool but I wish you could play as a prehistoric animal
Finally a scary Jurassic Park game
AAAl fiiiiin se dieron cuenta que preferimos el horror a lo family friendly, por fin algo que los fans querían, espero que sigan con este rumbo para la saga.
YO THAT RAPTOR GOT OUT OF THE FRIDGE CONFIRMED
plz make ts online
I'm waiting for beaver to see this
THANK YOU
Meh. If it's going to be some ESG corporate approved mess, can we just have another Dino Crisis?
This really could’ve been better i’ve just seen this before I don’t know why we can’t have a survival shooter jurassic Park game instead
About time we got another survival JP game! Like we haven’t played one since Trespasser. Can’t wait to play this. Also nice that one of the original 3 Raptors, Randy, make a return😎😁👍
There are a few too many memberberries in the trailer, "Hey, remember this location? 'Member this one? 'Member the dilophosaurus, guys? 'Member what Hammond said?"  However, despite that, I would friggin' love a survival game set on Isla Nublar, I've no idea why this didn't happen ages ago. It's also nice that they apparently got Mia Khalifa to play the lead character.
"Saber Interactive, after careful consideration, I have decided to indeed emburse your game"
WHAT
She looks strangely like Jeff Goldblum. She's definitely supposed to be related to Ian Malcolm.
This looks amazing!
No Way...
Yeeeeaaaaaaah! Finallyyyyy
My second most anticipated game in the next couple of years.
Is this real!? Somebody pinch me!
Now you’re gonna make some money off of us 🎉 LOTS OF MONEY! Hell yesss!
Well Capcom you screwed up with the dino crisis remake, hopefully the game is good, and they use evolution's superior models with "chaos theory" level lore 😂
Why no Switch release?
Bro this is gonna be sick asf
Pls let it be on ps4
Lets goooooooooooo
Whoa como fernanfloo ha participado en un videojuego también Mia Khalifa
Incels calling this game woke in 3... 2... 1...
Why first person though
Fingers crossed for those horrifying troodon!
so alien isolation but with dinosaurs
2:06 Freezer Raptor Lives!!!
Is this a game when is releasing it what console
My favorite movie of all time but I'm not playing as a bisexual British bipoc with quirky millennial glasses
FINALLY
めちゃくちゃ面白そう！
Omg I’m getting it
I'm over here yelling at the screen like "bi🤬ch just turn the light off! 🤦🏿 ahhh i hope she gets ate now"
Am I the only one that got chills and my hair stand on end when I heard the raptor and the freezer door open....
Is it on ps4
hopefully it’s not just gameplay and we get to make choices
Game Devs be like: Try to recreate rex model from JP: no Just use model from JW: yeah
No gameplay, no hype.
Wait. How could the raptor have gotten out? Didn’t Lex lock the freezer door? 🤨
Ooooooooh, this looks really, really good
Life finds a way!!!
YESSS!!!!! Finally what we've all been wanting for so long
HYPE
Thank you!!! This is exactly what the fans have been wanting for SO incredibly long. Thanks for listening to us. Can’t wait to get this game!
Can’t wait to play this ive been a fan of this franchise for over 9 years
I will definitely be pre-ordering, but RIP Jurassic Park operations
This legit looks like several Jurassic Park related nightmares I've had... both as a kid AND as an adult.  And I LOVE IT.
Life finds away to make this game reality 😌
Amazing!
Mia Khalifa?
I came
FINALLY!!! PLEASE BE GOOD!
Single player action adventure. Finally a jurassic park game in the genre that people have been asking for, for a decade.
LETS GO!! WHAT THE FANS HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR AND DESERVE!!!
No quiero ser ese tipo de persona pero... ALV MIA KHALIFA ES PROTAGONISTA
Ima BUST. WTF 😭
This looks better and more intense than the Jurassic World movies… my problem is it might be too intense! Might bring up childhood fears/ nightmares! Haha 😂
T-rex looking more massive than ever!
Neat
I hope the Gameplay is gonna be just as cinematic as we saw briefly!
is unfortunate that the cinematic looks as good as it does, the game play and in game footage looked significantly worse. also, no one wants a survival game with a forced or chosen character story, it lacks the concept of creation that a character creator adds. hope it has time to climb out of the meh category for games
Looks soooo good!!!
Not a fan of the main characters fashion sense at all. But the game itself looks interesting.
Roblox did it first (Primal Pursuit)
LET'S GOOOO!
This is literally what everyone wanted, exactly what we all wanted. It's gonna be great! Can't wait to play.
Looks like Alien Isolation with dinosaurs!
Lex locked that freezer door in the film whereas here it is unlocked. Did someone unlock it? (Not likely) OR did someone not do their homework 👀  Thought we wouldn’t notice….but we did.
Oh...! It's... It's glorious...!!!!
Finally we get to see what happened between the interval of the original Jurassic Park and Jurassic World
Is it gonna be like Alien Isolation? I'm in 😊
I never knew I wanted this until now.
FINALLY! LET'S GOOO
I get to play as Mia Khalifa ?
Tell me this is gonna be open world!!!? 😅
strong independent ethnically diverse (possibly gay) woman on an island with dinosaurs, how could this fail!!
ok
wow, MIA KHALIFA in jurassic park movie
YES!!!!
@wolf how about you actually try the game instead of you saying that
This is gonna look nuts on a 4090.
Dead by daylight but with dinosaur’s? Lol
Holy Christmas, looking like if Far Cry and Jurassic Park had a baby.  Could be awesome..................don't mess it up.  We are all counting on you!
Is this real? Please don't tell me its some sort of AI mock up.
This better be good...
hey ChatGPT, generate a trailer for the new jurassic park video game, make sure to include the most nostalgia bait scenes possible but replace every character for a strong woman with zero personality
I’ve always had a soft spot for Trespasser and wished that someone would remake it or have a go at making something similar. It looks like some wishes do come true 🦖❤️
Now this is a whole lotta nostalgia!
Ian Malcolm’s daughter?  Got that impression when holding the flare.
Hell ya!!! Finally! This looks like a blast!   Now its time for the hard part, waiting for the release...  One could say we gotta "hold on to our butts"
Is this a VR game??? Hope not
Um when does this come out?!
Well this explains why that fan made dream game got a cease and desist. I’m so damned hyped for this now!
ABOUT TIME!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!!
this looks pretty good ngl
Looks good
I'm not a huge 1st person shooter guy, but this may be worth a go.
This was unexpected but I welcome it with open arms 😩
Very smart to use that theme song. Definitely a cool idea.
My nightmare come to life
Great! just in time, I'm 41 now. Nice timing.
Okay
This game was stolen...the creators should get credit and royalties
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
mia khalifa looks amazing
Meh...
I'm curious about what dinosaurs we'll be seeing here in this game. Will we be able to see not only Gallimimus, Dilophosaurus, Velociraptors and Tyrannosaurus Rex, but also the Parasaurolophus, Triceratops, and Brachiosaurus as well? Will there be new additions to this or some familiar ones like Compsognathus?
oooo
Thank you for announcing this on my birthday!
Now we all know why they shut down those indie gamers who spent years making a Jurassic Park survival horror game.
Ahh so this is why they shut down that fanmade game
That BGM.. 😭🛐
almost shead a tear, never thought I see the day like at long last!!!
God I hope there’s a Third Person Mode
PLS BE GOOD MAN, I’m too hype!
So THIS is why they took down that fan game
Finally an actual legit Jurassic Park game finally. And it's not a fan game, I really hope gaming beaver checks this out
YES. YES. YES. YES. *YES.*
"Hold on to your butts!"
I see where they got their inspiration,  #JurassicParkOperations. One had to die so the other could float
Mia Khalifa in Jurrasic Park! OMG!
So we have this but also Deathground, Instinction, and Projekt Ferocious on the way. Dinosaur survival games are back on the menu, boys.
Y si mejor hacen una serie sobre esto (una chica que se quedó abandonada justo después de los eventos de Jurassic Park 1) En lugar de estar haciendo series piteras con dinosaurios controlados por microchips y gordas lesbianas.
My worst nightmare as a kid…
This looks AWSOME!!!! Can't wait to play this!!!
<3 I waited 30 years for a Jurassic Park Survival game
After Dino crisis 😁this one maybe good
YES!!!!!
Hurray freezer raptor is alive! He didn’t die a slow painful death by hypothermia
Please be good, please be good!!
I have been waiting for this all my life! I know many others have too!
Best part is no “Jurassic World” in site 😊
Gyatt
Mia khalifa?
Hoping they go for the M rating instead of T. Would suck if they had to hold back on the Dino violence.
bruh the protagonist is mia khalifa
That would've been the perfect time for the iconic hiding raptor scene recreated.
this will be fire
Gonna 100% play this when it comes out for my channel(as long as it is free)
Looking incredible  cant wait so so excited
Yes finally, no more park bulding games!!! Give me a copy
we know nothing of gameplay of this game. bit worrying
Hands up who thought this was going to be a new movie. ✋
This would be a good opportunity to implement elements of Telltale’s Jurassic Park the Game… sadly I doubt that will happen. But this game looks great nonetheless.
I love this game already! Really hope it's good and does well. I've been a Jurassic Park fan for YEARS and I think it's gonna be a blast to see me and other Youtubers stream and talk about this. The games graphics look great, I love the dinosaur scenes so far, and its giving me FNAF Security Breach vibes with the cutscenes of Dr. Maya. However, unlike Security Breach, I hope this game is not infested with technical issues that ruin the gameplay (However, if we only get like 2 or 3 bugs I won't be upset). So, let's pray that this game doesn't get scrapped and it does well with people. Let the gates finally be opened!!!
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS!!! IF IT COMES OUT ON PS5 IMMA BOUT TO BY IT 🔥🔥
¡sii la saga jurassic park nunca muere!
Finally. A new game for Jurassic Park. I hope we also get a DLC for isla Sorna/site B. More dinosaurs, more danger, more for the long time fans to enjoy.
Is this a Virtual Reality game?
necesidades
YESSSS
Bro this what ive been wanting for YEARSSSSS
wow..... finally.... after a few decades we finally have the game we've always wanted..... thank god!
VR would be INTENSE for this one!
If this game for some reason is $250 I will pay every cent to try it out it looks magnificent
I will buy this at full price if this delivers
Just hope they fix the frame pacing and optimization. Looked choppy the second the gameplay was shown. But I am so ready for this. Clearly a love letter for the franchise. EDIT: Turns out the trailer is rendered at 24fps for the sake of amazing pre-rendered portion, so the actual gameplay could be a smooth 30fps after all!
If I'm correct, the raptor in the fridge is the last one alive right? The rest kind of got killed by Rexy
When will this come out? I can’t wait this long I want it now I don’t want it to come out in 2025 like GTA six I want it now. Tell me when the release is.
Finally! A REAL Jurassic game! I think how it takes place right after Grant and crew left is brilliant! Looking forward to it!
My excitement dropped as soon as I saw it was 1st person :( I can't play those types of games, I get sick.
Mia Khalifa ❤❤❤❤
An cancelled game from the good old PS1, now alive! It's alive! Nothing can stop the success of this game, can't wait!
this was done on camp Cretaceous
EPICOOO
BRO THIS IS WHAT WE'VE WANTED FOR SO LONG!  NOT A PARK BUILDER OR ARCADE GAME BUT A FPS WOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Wow I love Jurassic park game I love it I love it I love it
So the raptor in the freezer finally escaped!
Gotta admit there was a point early in this trailer where I couldn't tell if what I was watching was in live action or not. Hopefully the final product looks just as good! I've never been big on Jurassic Park myself but I'm genuinely happy for those who want this. It looks like it's gonna be a good one👌🏾
Just Take my money
I wonder if the Barbasol can will play a big part of the story?
Heck yeah! It's about freaking time we get a Jurassic Park horror survival game! Enough with the annoying Park building games
Am I dreaming? I just watched the trailer and I'm still in disbelief. After all these years, is the prophecy coming true?  This better not be bull shiting me with just a trailer and then later the game gets canceled. I'll fully believe it when I see the physical copies in stores.
I just told my teacher shut up to watch thos
This looks like actual fire
How many times has this been the last shift?  Why don't tell me if you leave in the Isla Sorna Lost World.
Wow the game is so realistic
Omg I did not expect that, please be good!!
Its got Alien Isolation vibes. I'm in. I've been waiting for a game like this since I saw the first movie in theaters when I was 7.
All those pans to throw, and she chose her flashlight.👏 Bravo.
Only wish games would give us the option to go first person to 3rd person no matter what game. So many I’ve just wanted to play 3rd person but there’s no option. That being said I’ll pay $200 for this game if that the base game price
like 4 Roberta
"And now for the moment you've been waiting for"
Multi-player?
I think this is the only JP character that can scream and run at the same time 😮
If this plays like alien isolation I’ll lose my mind lol
THIS is exactly what this franchise needs. I'm so excited!!
THE FREEZER RAPTOR LIVES!!!
Can you imagine a Jurassic park game with the same gameplay and graphics like resident evil 4..
It's about time!!! Can't wait!
Wow they FINALLY decided to cash in on such an easy slam dunk? Just took them a few decades and shutting down a few fan projects to realize that ALL THE FANS WANT A SURVIVAL HORROR JURASSIC PARK GAME. THANK YOU!!!!! Now Make it scary, and make it good. If this fails then they're never touching video games again (except the park builders). So here's hoping its incredible.
It 30 years to learn that the raptor escaped from the fridge.
jurassic park + mia.. nice
Oh I can't wait
Thank you for respecting the fans.
Jurassic Park starring Mia Khalifa.
nice
Well finally! Jurassic Park fan since 2001, played the little video game gem called "Trespasser" (what a groundbreaking game for 1998) up and down, and always dreamed of visiting the park on Isla Nubla in irst person view. I'm excited like a hungry Compy! :D
Azumakina ta potente
Why not third person? 😭
Yes just Yes
That poor Velociraptor in the freezer he is finnaly Free now after 30 Years 😂
The raptors better be an AI!
MY GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!! Took them long enough!
Great. Now I’ve got to finally upgrade from my Xbox One.
Maybe give us VR light gun style on rail shooter experience? I really like the The Lost World Arcade
ARK >>>>> this game
Finally!!!!
Words ... can't describe how happy I am to finally see this community's greatest wish finally come true 😢
Why is Mia khalifa in Jurassic Park
A proper successor to trespasser
FINALLY after SO LONG
Tears of joy for this game! Finally, a survival horror game for Jurassic Park. Just being able to revisit iconic locations from the first film is a dream come true. Alan Grants lost hat better be wearable.
Oh boy. Just what we wanted! Another Jurassic park game where you can’t be the dinosaur!
THEY LISTEN TO THE FANSS
FINALLY THIS IS SOMETHING I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED!!
Yes new game let's gooo
THIS EVERYTHING I'VE EVER WANTED
OH MY GOD IVE ALWAYS WANTED THIS
Yo, the protagonist is pretty cute. I wonder what explanation they're going to give for the raptor in the freezer being able to get out. Speaking of which, that raptor *should* be the only one in the game since there's three in the movie and the other two are already dead at this point. I also wonder this game only feature dinosaurs seen in the movie or if will have other animals.
The fans finally got their wish! Survival RPG Jurassic style!😊
Instant buy
Well this explains why Universal sent a cease and desist to Jurassic Park Operations, but telling ya right now. If we can't use a SPAS-12 in this game, Universal can kick rocks. This better be as EVERY good as Trespasser.
Finally!!! This is what everyone is waiting for..and its gonna be G.O.T.Y...somehow i thought the girl was Mia Khalifa.. 😂😂😂
Wow! This is amazing
Finally a jp Game. This looks fantastic . Terrific. Can't wait to play it .
I’m feeling that the raptor was freed from the freezer will become a main antagonist of the game
Dream come true
Unless this takes some stuff from Jurassic Park: The Game, there is only one known, living Raptor on the island at this point which is a hatchling...if this uses JP:TG you have parts of the Scarred Alpha's pack that might still be there...and the Troodons.  Rex, Dilo, Compies, and Herrerasaurus are the only predators on island from the movie timeline without the JP:TG stuff.   There is also the partially released motion comic thing that might be part of this with Wu being with a team that went back to raid the DNA/Embryos before the cleanup operation that had a fully grown Dilo.
Verithanam waiting for story mode on Jurassic park game 🔥🔥🔥 my childhood first theatre movie in school Jurassic park ❤
1:07 notice how the camera focuses on the freezer?
All the Dansjp3page members are thrilled
Can't wait to distract a tyranosaurus with some curry and butter chicken
Awesome! Can't wait🔥
Finally an alien isolation vibe. Let's goooo
Now i know why they they tried to stop the guy that was making Jurassic Park Operations...
A HORROR CENTRIC JURASSIC PARK GAME IS GASSSS
Inject this into my JP loving Veins!!!
ME MUERO 😭😍 FINALLY
I'm so sad it's not on ps4
I USED TO PRAY FOR TIMES LIKE THIS
Yoo is this mobile? If it is I'm downloading it already. No dinosaur games I see has the most accurate dino looks.
LETS GOOOOOOOOO!
Say whattt 😱😱😱
A Jurassic park game that isn't a park builder? But that's illegal
Maya Joshi....I know this bait for indian diaspora  but i dont care  im going to bite it.
now I can respect the decision to take down fan games aiming to ideas like this, but just a bit , in any case most cases were copyright infringement afterall not really the fact that this game was on the works.
Could be fun. I hope it's good, and doesn't only rely on references.
Gta 6 and a Jurassic Park Game!
>Shiddskin female protagonist Literally never going to play it.
FINALLY!!
Come on, let me open that fridge door instead.
That raptor has been waiting 30 years for this.
Looks good, can't wait to see the finished product
It’s about time we got a good first person horror survival dinosaur themed game
"What if Jurassic Park and Alien Isolation had a baby?"  Love the idea! If nothing else I'm glad that poor raptor doesn't dies miserably locked in the freezer!
Incredible. I can’t wait!
I really like the esthetic of it  because it reminds me of fnaf ruin almost, Overall pretty hyped for this game!
Please dont suck. Please dont suck. Please dont suck 🙏🏿
So maybe this is why Jurassic Park Operations was shut down...
Many people are creating games that goes beyond Steven Spielberg’s original movie. Really keeping his legacy going.
This is really good 👍
30 years later and the Jurassic Park franchise still can't escape playing its greatest hits. Literally.
I'll take 10 deluxe copies please
dam.. every comment is almost exactly the same...  hummm... interesting..
story wise, it's closer to JP telltale game and gameplay wise it's similar to JP trespasser
Now this, this right here what we all Jurassic Park fans always wanted. A horror survival game for the original Jurassic Park. FINALLY AND THANK YOU UNIVERSAL FOR GIVING US A SURVIVAL HORROR GAME FOR JURASSIC PARK. Hopefully we got more Survival Horror Game for Jurassic Park instead of another park builder game.
Finally 😢...     I'm guessing it takes place after the even of the first movie.
YES FINALLY!!! I've been waiting for something like this for years 😭
Yes.  This is it. This is the game that we have been needing since Jurassic Park first came out. Jurassic Park is finally returning to its roots. I couldnt help but gasp and smirk when I saw the deep freezer door in the beginning; I already knew where this was going before the ending. Can’t wait to see what Klayton Fiorti will way.
LETS GOOOOOO
So getting this asap
I'm ready for this.   Now all we need to complete the Dinosaur Ensemble of the 90s are remakes of Turok and Dino Crisis.
Ps5 and no ps4. Hopefully it finally takes advantage of the hardware.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This looks like it's going to be something special. Can't wait to play!
2:08  I KNEW IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I KNEW IT!!!!!!! I KNEW THAT THE VELOCIRAPTOR LOCKED IN THE REFRIGERATOR COULD HAVE COME OUT!!!
*Jurassic Park Operations*
PLEASE dont let this be another lame quick-time "game" thats essentially just watching a movie and occasionally hitting a button 😭
Finally horror game Jurassic!!!
We won, fellas
What else is in this game, King Kong?
FINALLY A OFFICIAL JURASSIC SURVIVAL GAME 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
"an upcoming single-player action-adventure" Yes, I'm fully erect
It looks like they spared no expense.
Esto es sumamente emocionante 🎉🎉🎉 Finalmente un juego de la franquicia que levanta muchas expectativas 🌟
THE RAPTOR SURVIVE?
YESSSS
This is fantastic…I love all the attention to detail
Will there be a jurassic world version?
Bruh like am ready screw GTA VI Nublar amma coming back baby!
WELCOME TO JURASSIC PARK!
LETS GOOO
Please let this not get  canceled half way into production like the last first person jurassic park game, this is something jp fan have been wanting for years now.
GUYS WE LIVED ENOUGH TO SEE THAT GAME
Meu sonho de infância. Que coisa linda ❤
Oh man another game where you play as a minority woman who is also gonna be generically not good looking.
Long Live Jurassic!!!!!! 🦖🦕
This looks awesome. I hope this game is canon.
About bloody time we had a dinosaur survival game in the Jurassic park world. I been waiting for this for a long time.
Finally, a dinosaurs survival game, im so bored with survival, building park like ark, jwe, the isle and POT
So Can we all agree This might blow jurassic park the game out of the water Also, hopefully it's available for the PS4
We’re finally given what we’ve always wanted, rain
FINALLY. you all FINALLY listened to the fans. Now, deliver on a intense suspense / borderline horror game and people will love it.
YES FINALLY
No way I am going to play that the minute it comes out
This better be rated M!
FINALLY!!! We're getting an Alien: Isolation-style Jurassic Park game!
Finally, a dinosaurs campaign game, hopefully we can see indominus, spino, mosa in the next game
Cold storage door was jostled open...
I’m getting the feeling that they stole this idea from Jurassic Park operations, considering the fact of universal shut down the game’s production by removing the Jurassic Park brand from it
FINALLY, A FIRST PERSON GAME. (Aside from Aftermath) I hope this isn't canon, because that means the ending of the first movie, isn't a happy one.  Also, no way that raptor could open the freezer door, Timmy locked it.
Mannn goosebumps! the theme music gives me chills everywhere yo.. my inner childhood is screaming 😭 Thank You.
BRUHHHHHH
FINALLY! This is what fans really wished for and been waiting for years!
FINALLY
Finally a survival horror JP game! It’s about time!
YEEEEEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! MOTHER OF GOD!!!!! THIS IS WHAT WE WANTED!!!!!! GIVE IT TO ME!!!!! 🦖 🤯🤯🤯🤯  Fr though, bless you beautiful people for showing this to us. 🥹🙏
Spared no expenses! I can't wait. We're finally getting a survival game for Jurassic Park!
I really love the callback to the raptor that was trapped in the freezer. Always wondered if he survived or not.
NO WAY ITS HAPPENING?!
Yes! Yes! Now shut up and take my money! And we get closure with the raptor in the freezer?! I'm going to pass out!
If this succeeds please universal do a sequel of this game of the lost world 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Finally!!! This looks promising.
BRO WHAT
LISTO PARA COMPRARLO A LA DE YA
That's why you guys took down operations, that was still a little harsh, but I can't wait for this to come out.
At last! A Jurassic Park horror survival game! I really hope it comes to Steam!
Is this canon?
The other velociraptor is free from the freezer
IM SO HAPPY
Lo que estuve esperando durante años , llegó
YYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!
Ummmmm is that Mia Khalifa??????
@KlaytonFioriti it’s real a survivor horror game
please tell me this comes out right before Christmas!
Hold On To Your Butts!!!!! Let's Go!!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I cannot wait for this
yes weave been needing this hope its like alien isolation
Jurassic park survival game. Great graphics, Mia Khalifa, so awesome!
so hyped!!!
Klayton Fioriti must be bouncing off the walls right about now lol.  For real though, THIS is what Jurassic Park should be! I’m beyond hyped and can’t wait to experience it! (Also if it has any references to Telltale’s “Jurassic Park: The Game”, instant 10/10).
I wish I can play as Dr.Wu or Robert Muldoon.. and not Mia Khalifa!
thanks god i can die happy now
Its 1st person
First Official Jurassic Park Horror Game Since Jurassic Park: The Game.
Alien: Isolation rip-off, but I'm still in. Surprise me.
Mia Kaliffa
I bet this is going to be a soft canon story just like Jurassic Park: The Game and Jurassic World Camp Cretaceous: Hidden Adventure. I wonder if there will be new soft canon Dinosaurs in the game.
So the raptor canonically survives from the fridge? Good to know...i guess
finally
pretty brilliant to use the movie score and OST... then you have a great soundtrack to the game AND all the nostalgia feels. i'm not a first person survivor player but this looks really fun. great idea and looks to be good execution!
The other game was canceled
I literally dropped everything in my hands when I saw this live!
QUE LOCURA AL FINNNNNNNNN
Is this game canon with the Jurassic Franchise?
Eu simplesmente estava procurando fangames  sobre explorar o Jurassic Park e me deparo com esta maravilha. 😆😆😆🦖🦕 Espero de verdade que este jogo entregue o que os fãs sempre quiseram explorar toda a ilha nublar e ver o verdadeiro Jurassic Park.
W
Wow people still think dinosaurs we real and the earth is billions of years old, wake up.
Looks great and hoping it’s more of something like Resident Evil gameplay wise, and hope it answers questions such as what happened after the Nublar Incident and more, but also think the Tyrannosaurus Rex model is trash, seriously we are still using the JW version of the model? Seriously the model from JP, JP2, & JP3 looked better than this. And why are we doing this again? We already have a game that takes place after the first film, Jurassic Park: The Game back from 2011, so how does this work out?
Took ya long enough! GIMME!!
I love this
ddduuuuuudddeee this looks awsome
Finally Universal!!!!!! You're sitting on a billion dollar franchis do something with it!!!!
Finally something good man
Finally! Feels like years for a game like this
Mr. Arnold I think we're back in business!
So will finally find out what happened to the raptor in cold storage
Ater what happened with jurassic park operations, this feels like justice and I’m not that upset anymore
oh my word!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the rumors!!!!!! wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is the JP game I’ve been waiting for. Not that Evolution crap
THE FROZEN RAPTOR YAAAAAAS ❤❤❤❤
I waited for many years for a Jurassic Park survival game... and here it is
Finalmente algo que explore o lado mais terror da franquia
YES!
The Raptor in the storage.....
Life... finds a way 🔥.
A Jurassic Park game in the style of Alien Isolation? Sign me up!
Oh man! The raptors at the end?? *chefs kiss*
0:19 not Alan's hat 😢
I do hope Klayton would be happy and make a video about this
Imagine if you could find what was left of Dennis Nedry in that truck...
Alien Isolation Jurassic Park edition
This is actually the best thing that could have happened to this franchise!
My biggest question in life was finally answered. The Raptor got out of the fridge!😃😃😃
Here for it!
Will be like Dino Crisis franchise?
THEY LISTENED! THEY FINALLY LISTENED!
PEAK INCOMING!!!!
Meu Deus, não acredito!!!! Sempre quis um jogo assim da franquia Jurassic
Cuándo sale? :0
ITS ABOUT TIMEEEEEE
I’m hype bro l It looks beautiful and scary! Can’t wait to lay
This is the coolest thing I’ve seen since the original Movie I can not express how excited I am to play this game!!!! It’s finally happening! It’s taken 65 million years for us to finally get a good Jurassic park game that’s not a park builder 🎊 🎊 🎉🎉
Looks pretty cool, nice change of pace from the other games that recently released!
It looks so good, but where tf did she pull that torch out at 1:48
Yooo I’m so hyped I screamed like a little kid because I’ve always wanted a survival horror Jurassic park game that’s based off of the original film!!!   Unreal Engine 5 is making this game look pure perfection 🤌🤌
Why not in PS4!?!?!?😭😭😭😭
This is definitely going to be epic. And I hope we can either change from first person to third person not to mention also to be able to play in VR because I'm definitely interested to see this new story about the girl on the island and how she is going to survive this
This is what we have all been waiting for
Put a sjw chick in it make it lame and gay !
A GAME? WHY NOT A TV SHOW??
What happened to her boobs???
About time we get a survival horror Jurassic Park game
Finally. This is way overdue.
I better find Mr Arnold’s oTHER arm
R.I.P old generation console players like me who can’t play this when it launches. :(
Wait until beaver hears about this!
Mia Kalifha??
Now this looks fantastic!!
Wasn't this cancelled 20 yrs ago?
Man, I hope this is good! It looks amazing so far!!
Stop recreating movie scenes damit.
Jurassic Park: Survival  Starring: Mia Khalifa
How many was thinking it was a trailer to the  continue of Jurassic Park? I believed until the last i seen computerized...Jurassic Park. Has always been a favorit
I NEEEEEED IT
Ive been waiting for this since 1993.
WELL IT TOOK YALL LONG ENOUGH TO ALLOW AN FP GAME FOR US 🗿
We've been waiting for something like this for soooooo long. I'm so excited!
today we celebrate 🎉
Indian represent
If this is canon, then now we know what happened to the raptor in the cold storage room
When is this coming out?
Finally...
I saw someone say this could be like the Jurassic Park version of Alien:Isolation. I hope to God that it’s true or it’s at least something like that
This is what we wanted. But please improve the graphics
Yes yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Finally dreams comes true 😍😍
OMG Yes finally
Welp. That settles it. Im getting a PS5.
Muito foda to louco pra jogar
This looks fantastic and I’ve been waiting for this for a long time since when I was younger and the fact that it was here puts a huge smile on my face, it cannot get any better with this.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Finally!!!! Awesome concept!
Finally
Here I cheered heavily! 😍 I've always wanted a Jurassic Park survival game!!! And judging by the last frames of the Teaser, it could be something Alien Isolation style!!
Is that Victoria Neuman?
ES MEJOR QUE LAS 3 JURASSIC WORLD JUNTAS
I don't know how it took this long to get this style of Jurassic game, but I'm 100% here for it
Say what you want, but I was expecting a game like this. Been waiting for it, for a Jurassic Park game, for so long. I’ll definitely try it when it comes out.
I do wish they make more Jurassic Park games that is like The Last of Us, Alien Isolation (gameplay) and Uncharted (story). Seeing the trailer makes me wish for Capcom to finally remake Dino Crisis.
This game is beautiful, even though it's in alpha.
This looks amazing, I cant wait for this.
Been waiting to see this happen
Finally!!!! A survival horror JP game! When is it getting released?!
So that raptor never freeze to death.
Finally some exciting Jurassic content, looks promising
Yesssss 🎉🎉🎉🎉
OMG OMG OMG, ITS HAPPENING, I WAS NOT READY FOR THIS
THANK YOU, FINALLY
A. LONG. TIME. *COOOOOOOOMMMMMMIIIINNNNG!*
An experience 65 million year in the making…
The attention to detail is insane! I miss trailers like these
*YES!* 🤩🌟
Oh my God!! Finally an official JP survival game!!!! Prayers answered
GOD! Let it be canon!!
Couldn’t believe my eyes!
I need to know when it's coming out though! 😮
I NEED THIS GAME!
2026
I’m about to cry bro.  But when
Watch out for those Troodon's
Oh my God I can't wait to see that game
It’s looking good. As if you… spared no expense. 👀
This game looks really nice
I hope this game and JPTG have canon connections to the films!
Ark 2 😂😂😂
So alien isolation but with Jurassic park
why no 3rd person
Wasn’t the game with the shaving cream enough to know the finale
I’ve waited for so long
I thought it was a dlc from dead bye daylight 😢
Amazing !
Yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh!!!!!! This is the game that we waited for all this years, a survival horror game of jurassic, yes please we need more of this.
Looks awesome.
Man, I’m praying that this is good and gives proper honor to the franchise!
We're finally getting a survival game of Jurassic Park?! My dream has come true!!!
Alien Isolation x Jurassic Park.  Shut up and take my money.
FINALLYYYYYY
This year's game awards has been the best for me so far.
Astounding.
Well I'll be! A new Jurassic Park game, based off of Jurassic Park: The Game, Jurassic World Evolution & Jurassic World Evolution 2! Wonder if it's coming to Steam also?🦕🦖 Leaping Corythoraptor!🦕🦖
Finally, someone in a studio saw all of the fan made games
Beaver, where are you
OH MY GOSH!!!!!! AM I DEAD!!!!? 😍😍😍😍😍😁😁😄😄😄😄😄
It's been 65 million years since i've waited for this
Please be a good game!
I just really hope that they fix the T-Rex model to make it look more like the Jurassic Park T-Rex and less like the Jurassic World T-Rex
No way they’re actually doing it
Welp, just got here in less that 5000 Comments
At last, a survival game and not a park builder.
This year has been a dreams-come-true event for me, FNAF movie, best Godzilla movie ever (Minus one) and a Jurassic Park horror game
OMG!
Is it for pc? Hope we get a new mobile game....But it looks cool as heck!!
Release day?
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WEVE BEEN ASKING FOR
Wow bots down below spamming or someone doing it on purpose but whooo baby this is what I was waiting for
FINALLY! THIS IS WHAT WE HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR!!!
Wow awesome
TTHHIISSS ISSS ALLLL WEEEE EVEERRR WANTED!!!!!!!!!!
I want a video game and this game ! Jurassic park is my favorite movie. 2 years in Brazil and i can buy :(
YESSS L!!! SWAAAAAGG
No way it’s lit let’s goo
Era una idea tan obvia que no entiendo porque no lo habían hecho antes!
Finally
She's still alive?
Is this going to be a canon?
NO WYA NO WAY MO WAY OMG THANKYOU SO MUCH EVERYTHING I WANTED AND MORE
Oh my lord I’m so excited, The graphics and game quality looks so good, the Dilophosaur following hee throughout the Visitor Center was absolutely perfect, The Little glimpse of the Freezer where one of the Velociraptors was locked in by the kids and the scene with the Trex woth the front gates was so Nostalgic and just down right sick and then the the Cold Storage door opening with the Velociraptor inside was just 👌👌👌👌👌 Honestly I am so excited for this game and what is about to bring to Jurassic Park/World games and hopefully a lot more lore for the Franchise like what happened to that raptor in the Freezer which is still one of the biggest mysteries of Jurassic Park
Finally, after many many years 😭
Finally, we've won!
Who is this girl in the new Jurassic Park video game trailer
THE RAPTOR DID REALLY GET OUT OF THAT FREEZER THE KIDS PUT IT IN!?!!?
YESSS FINALLY THIS IS IT!!
I actually freaked out when I saw this!
This is going to be epic!❤
Another Soft Canon Jurassic park game.
FINALLLLLLYYYYY
About gosh dang time! 🎉🎉🎉
Someone listened, because this is something so so so many of us have wanted and I am absolutely beyond excited!
FINALY A NON PARK BUILDER GAME!!!!!
Awesome 🔥
That was awesome. I can't wait to play that new Jurassic park game. Almost like alien isolation and dying light. I don't know when is going to release next year
*Queue John Williams*
This looks epic! Right on time for the end of JP30
Finally a new JP game! it looks like its gonna be absolute fire!
Let’s just hope that this won’t become a Jurassic World Aftermath or Primal Ops 💀
Holy, I'm loving December, first GTA 6 announcement trailer, now this? At least this explains why Universal crashed down onto JP:Operations.
Ok so this is really good and all, but my question is why was she so afraid of the Dilophosaurus earlier yet posed up to the T Rex like she was about to start an argument with it. lmao
This looks really cool
oh shut up and take my money
Wow.  I have no words. OTHER THAN THIS LOOKS INSANE AND I CAN'T WAIT!
Great way to honour 3 decades of Jurassic Park 🎉
Game of the year, here we come!! Long live the queen of Isla Nublar!!
FINALLY!!!!!  THANK YOU, UNIVERSAL!!!! YOU FINALLY GAVE US WHAT I'VE BEEN WANTING FOR OVER A DECADE NOW!!!  This feels like a dream, it doesn't feel real. 😖  I'm so happy right now.... 😭 🤧
This is awesome!
This was what we wanted all along. Finally!!!!!!
Plz let it be like Alien Isolation
Finally omg it’s about time we have a game like this for Jurassic park take my money now
Tell me this won't be VR...please
PLEASE MAKE THIS GAME CANON IN THE MOVIES UNIVERSE I’M BEGINNING 🙏🏽
Words cannot describe how READY I am for this. I NEED THIS NOW!
Finally, that’s what we wanted
I hope this has combat like Resident Evil.  Give us tools and weapons, I don't want to just run and hide.
I've been looking forward to the next Jurassic game!
I can't wait!
Looks epic! Nice trailer.
YES!
Es perfecto
Yes. Yes. Yes. YEEEEEESSSSSS!!!!!
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY, HORROR JURASSIC PARK
please bring new species of dinosaurs to this game 😭😭😭😭
No way. No way no way. After all this time. Yeeeeeeeeeessssss.
I think this is why universal told that guy with the indie game on playstation dream or whatever it is to kindly stop for a bit
Thank god there won't be a trash dreams bullshit Operations game because SpinosaurusStudios is a piece of crap person who deserves nothint.
CAN'T BELIEVE IT THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED!!
Sees what looks like a River Cruise, Frontier!!!😊
Please let it be good when it comes out!!!! 💜💜💜💜
HELL YES
I have been waiting for a game like this since 1993! After endless park builders and so many mobile micro-transaction-filled pieces of junk, we're finally getting a single-person survival game!  BRING. IT. ON!
FINALLY A GAME THAT ISN'T A PARK BUILDER SIM
YEAAAAAHHH
I hope this will be like classic-style Survival Horror like Resident Evil, Alien Isolation, and AmnesianThe Bunker, where you have weapons and items to fight back and defend yourself but resources are scarce and management and management of them is necessary plus certain enemies like T.Rex are unkillable.  With that said this looks great and shows a lot of promise.
This is exactly what we've been waiting for!
Finally a dinosaur horror game and it’s a Jurassic Park game!
Holy cow, not only is it a "Jurassic Park" game instead of "Jurassic World" to change it up, but it's a an official survival horror game we've been wanting for years? 🤯
Это для VR
OMG YASSS!!!
YES. This better be AT LEAST as good as the Sega game
I can’t believe! It’s finally here! That’s what I’m talking about!
OMG
Universal finally listened to us all man I've been dying for this. I'm definitely buying it day one on Xbox series X😊
Is that Mia Khalifa?
Survival horror de Jurassic park???!!!! Que delíciaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Holy this looks peak asf
The "frozen" Raptor will return !!!
I can’t wait to play this game
SO EXCITED
I CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS GAME !!!
Klayton is gonna flip (in a good way)
Please be a Sorna map!
We are HERE for this! 😍
Amazing! We all will play Jurassic Park with Mia Khalifa!
Omg!!!!
NEW JURASSIC PARK GAME!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO!!!!!!! Too bad I only have an XBOX ONE, which means if I want to get the games then I would have to upgrade my system!!!!!
At *_LONG LAST (😃👏)!_* A _true_ survival horror “Alien: Isolation”-esque game (👍)! Caught _me_ completely by surprise, I must say (in a GOOD way)!
looks great
dam
For god sake Release It on ps4 too  Think on poor people !!!!!!!!😢❤😢😢😢😢😢
Well while we are waiting for a revival of Dino Crisis, this might be a horror-themed Jurassic Park we might give a shot.
I need a collaboration with *Fornite Game* please
FINALLY! LET'S GOOOOO!!!
I hope there are more games in years since the last one in this style. at least with a similar style to Jurassic Park: The Game, I liked that game, too bad my Xbox 360 disc broke... LITERALLY.
This looks beautiful
The whole I was watching this, I kept thinking *please be a single player adventure game*.  I’m so relieved and excited to see that it is!!
Now we know why Universal Studios was attacking that JP fan game
Would be this game canon?!
This game looks amazing! Wish it was for Nintendo switch tho
It's like the spiritual successor of Trepasser, love it!
YESSSS!!!!!
OUR PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED
looks cool
This game looks sick😍
Finally! We were waiting for this kind of JP game since the PlayStation 1. Glad we had to wait only 29 years. Forget about the remake of Dino Crisis. We eventually got what we were waiting for all these years. 🥲
I NEVER thought this game would happen 😢 I'm so happy
No jwe3 😔
My only complaint, how did the raptor in the cold storage unlock it from the inside
Finally!! OG JP lore progresses!!
WOW WOW WOW!!!!!
I hope we get some familiar faces in this survival game!
uncharted but with dinosaurs
Bro this looks dope af!!
YES YES. This is the kind of Jurassic Park game I’ve been waiting for!
YEEEEASAAASAAAAAABDJDJDBISSBHEHSBENWJDNDBRIEBFEJKWHD. I will not be sleeping until this releases.
I had hoped it was third person BUT if this is inspired by Alien Isolation, which is something we have been dreaming on, it's going to be NUTS! Finger crossed it's going to be as good as it looks!
BLOODY BRILLIANT FINALLY!!
🤩
FINALLY!
So this is why they stopped Krenautican's game... hmmm
Yesss! I'm so hyped!
HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS WAS A THING??? IM USUALLY VERY ON TOP OF JURASSIC STUFF
Es parte del canon???
they actually did it, that crazy son of a franchise actually did
AT LAST!!!!!!
Welp. We did it. We peaked. Someone call the future. Tell em that we have it better.
That single raptor survived the freeze :0
This was the last thing I would have ever expected to see at the game awards. This actually looks really good!!! As a longtime jurassic park fan I’m hyped af and might get this game!! The whole survival  aspect of the game looks dope af!!!
LETS GOOO
FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally... now imagine a remake of Trespasser in this style
This is the moment we've been waiting 65 million years for..
i thought this was live action for a second, wow those are some good graphics
No Switch port? :(
Ok
THIS GAME ALREADY LOOKS AMAZING!
Switch soon?
Please tell me Ranjid over here isn't the main protagonist.
Finally, NOT a park builder or mobile app. This looks promising.
Oh My Jurassic god
Took them long enough
FINALLYYYY
FINALLY
Finally
YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!! Finally, a proper celebrating game to celebrate the 30th anniversary of one of Universal Pictures and Steven Spielberg’s cinematic masterpieces: #JurassicPark!!!!!
Anyone else getting Jurassic Park: The Game vibes from that opening scene? Looks incredible, though I’m not too sure about the first person perspective…
!!!!!!It's about bloody time!!!!!! (Translated from a Male T-Rex's Roar)
IT'S ABOUT TIME WE GOT A GAME LIKE THIS!!!!!!
THIS LOOKS EPIC
I got fuckin chills.
THE RAPTOR IS STILL ALIVE!?
NAAAAAAAAAO só pra ps5 nao mano... Vou ter que zerar pelo youtube
HOLY COW I THOUGHT IT WAS LIVE ACTION!
YES!!! Can't wait!!
Looking foward with this game, looks amazing!
HOLY SHIIIIIIIIII I AM SO DOWN!!! THIS IS AMAZING!!!!
Finally a Jurassic Park game with the original map but is it an open world? 😮
I'm hoping I can play it on Xbox One S
IT'S ABOUT GODDAMN TIME !!!!!!!
I’ve waited for this game my entire life
🦖🎉
This is what I been waiting for this looks amazing we are finally getting another Jurassic Park game!!!
HELL YEEEAAAH!!!
OOMFFFGGGG A SURVIVAL GAME YESSSSSSS
FINALLY I WANTED SO BAD A JURASSIC PARK/WORLD HORROR GAME
HELL YEAH THIS LOOKS AWESOME
I nearly had a heart attack I’m so excited
The park builder curse has been broken😭😭😭
YOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
We’re SO back
3 minute gang
WHAT?? OH MY GOD IT LOOKS GORGEOUS!!! I CAN'T WAIT I ALWAYS WANTED A SURVIVAL HORROR THEMED JURASSIC PARK GAME
Finally something for the Jurassic Park fans.  Never really got into World.
ALIEN ISOLATION STYLE JP GAME FINALLY I COULD CRY 😭😭😭
🥩 or 🥦 choose
Well, looks like we're getting a survival game after all! And it's a JP-themed one, which is cool and a nice break from JW.  Looking forward to this!
The game we have been waiting for
Hell yes
YES
FINALLY A PROMISING JURASSIC PARK GAME
classiccc
The ending was cool
FINALLY, A SURVIVAL GAME WITH FIRST PERSON!
Ain’t no way
AWSOmE
Yesssss!!!!! 🎉
Wish it was in Vr  Still looks so cool!
Yo, am I dreaming, or are we actually about to get a first-person Jurassic Park survival horror.
Nice callbacks to the movie but Dilophosaurus instead of Raptors? Hmm  But anyways. A new Dino Game? Hell Yeah!!
FINALLY
WHATTT
O my god
Oh, I am getting this game
Muy buenos gráficos la verdad
The absolute hype for this. Please be good.
FINALLY YESSSSS
Return to Jurassic Park, years before of Jurassic World. I cant wait to play it
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!
Bro please tell me this is VR. If so, it’s an immediate buy
My body is ready
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen
OMFG YES I CANNOT WAIT FINALLY!
I JUST SAW IT IN THE GAME AWARDS IM SO EXCITED
this game looks good asf, will be copping day one.
Alien Isolation style?
Mia Khalifa vs. dinosaurs sounds pretty real now
Looks great can’t wait !
Wooww too many references from the first movie
We have been waiting for a game like this!!!
a horror jurassic park game?! sign me up
Rexy
This is what we want
Finally, the game fans have been asking for, im very happy to know universal had a good reason to cancel that fan made jurassic park project, looks sick.
This better a legit first person storyline!!!
I feel like we've all been asking for a JP Survival Horror game for years....FINALLY! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Rejoice❤
I LOVE IIT!!!!
It will be a vr game?
It took yall this long to make a jurassic park horror game bro FNALLY
YOOOO THIS WILL BE SICK! GOOD JOB MAN!!!!
Wow
People who want to get this game 🤩 👇
SIUUUUUUU
YOOOOOOO ABOUT TIME BRO!! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR A JURASSIC PARK SURVIVAL HORROR FOR SO LONG MAN
life
They really spared no expense on this, THIS IS WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR A LOOONG TIME. 🎉
Finally!! So excited omg
Rule number one on Isla Nublar, Never, ever go into the kitchen
When a collaboration with *Fortnite*?
IT'S NOT A PARK BUILDER WOHOOO FINALLY
I need this
My god they did it
Cool i can't wait. 😊💖
FINALLY OFFICIAL GAME NOT BEING PARK BUILDER
I can already tell this game is going to be amazing considering the graphics
Saw it in the Game Awards livestream :)
It feels illegal to be this early
Beautiful🎉❤!!!!!!
We are finally getting what we been begging for 😭😄
I randomly turned my phone on at 2am and saw this
It's beautiful to say the least
OMMMGGGGGGG
💚💚💚💚💚💚💚
Did anyone else see the style and look of the girl and instantly think it was a dead by daylight chapter
We got a new Jurassic park game before GTA 6 💀 🦖
THIS IS THE HORROR GAME WEVE ALWAYS WANTED OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!!
This looks awesome! Can’t wait too get it.
Je bande
HOLY HAMMOND AND CHEESE!!! this is the jurassic game i have been waiting for.  A truely authentic blend of the terror of the books and iconic look of the movies. Already 10/10. "Spared no expense..on this game!"
Canon to Jurassic Park and World
This looks so good I saw it in the game awards
YES!!!!!😊
FINALLY!
YES, FINALLY, A JP Horror Survival Game!
This is.... EPIC
Omg I can't wait
Yall this is what we've been waiting for
Woah can’t wait I was just yesterday asking for a new Jurrasic park game yall delivered
THIS is what we’ve been waiting for. Finally.
YEEEEEEESS
This is everything I've ever wanted
first i love jurassic park 13 seconds ago 🤑
IT'S JURASSIC PARK, BUT, BUT AN IMMERSIVE GAME?
Oh yeah
It’s beautiful
Love you Jurassic franchie!!!!
NEW JURASSIC PARK GAME!?!?!?
I was so hype as soon as the music started playing at the game awards!
Yoooooooo
Finally something we want
THIS WAS CRAZY TO SEE LIVE!!!
THIS IS WHAT WE HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR!
Let’s go! I’ve always wanted a survival game set in the Jurassic Park franchise where we try to survive
Here to stop kids from saying first
omg
Excited to see how this comes out!!! ❤❤❤
Omg
1ST
YES
I WILL BE BUYING
