I love ulster
What a mess Munster are in. From the management down to the players.... And to think this coaching ticket were offered a 2  year exstention..... shows  the ambition of the  board. Best of luck to Ulster but I think they'll come up short.
Please stop putting the scores in the thumbnail and description.
JVG get the boat... Good riddance... Should've been shown the gate 6 months ago...
Why put the score in the thumbnail? So strange
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
A try, 3 assists, and involved in the other for James Hume
Don’t mention the final score in your thumbnail, some of us want to see the highlights with a surprise
poetic justice. you deserve that hiding for your behaviour over the leinster la rochelle period. Wearing french jerseys and cheering on a foreign team against an irish province says it all. used to cheer for munster against other opposition. and you're so grateful for all those players we've given you over the years. ah well when you're shite you're shite. well done ulster! love watching you play.
Time is short   To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
That’s what you get for cheering for La Rochelle. Worst team in Ireland and you’re an embarrassment. Well done Ulster from a Leinster fan!
I think we need to see just how good both Irish and Kiwi sides are, by pitting them against each other.  Blues Vs Ulster kind of thing, Crusaders Vs Munster, because I think there are similarities in Irish and Kiwi play at present. Yes Ireland I would say are just a little stronger than NZ at present, but as expected that will not last forever for Ireland.  At present I think Kiwi and Irish sides are firstly looking very good, but also are very similar in many aspects.  Well done, liking the Irish rugby, it is quick, professional and you are big lads.  Good luck in NZ in July.
Don't worry Munster fans, You's will always have Rog's Heineken cup, no one can that away from yous🤣
I wonder how much bath rugby is going pay jvg next season?? 😳
3:15 that’s not a try. You need to have control and but downward pressure. How come they recognise it with Coombes but not with the Ulster player ?
Some finish by Earls!! Unreal
Munster were asleep for the 1st try, schoolboy error.
Munster's outside backs need a new lick of paint
Munster were shocking!! So bad they made Ulster look good. Handling error after handling error. Made a balls of the simplest of passes. Silver lining though, Van Useless & his horse shit rugby is gone & to be honest that feels like a win 👏👏👏. Ulster fullback definitely lost control of the ball, never a try.  Keith Earls got finish of the season in the corner & it's trys like that tell you why he got a contract extension.  Best of luck to Ulster for the rest of the season 👍. I'd actually like to see em win it.
1. Loughman 2. Please buy a decent hooker (if not just go with Scott Buckley) 3. Fucked 4.Beirne 5. Snyman 6. O’Donoghhue 7. Kendellan (Hodnett) 8. Coombes 9. Casey 10. Crowley (just play him consistently for6months) 11. Need a finisher. 12. R. Scannell (Ben Healy) 13. Feikitoa 14. Conway 15. Haley (Carbery)  Bench : Cronin O’Mahoney Farrell J Wycherley Zebo Kleyn Clear out the rest and change the culture, hopefully Leamy Prendergast can do that
Hoy, noy, broyn, coy.
Carbery should not be on plane to NZ. Also Munster need a new hooker so badly and our best TH is off the wasps. It’s a total shit show
Farrell CANNOT defend the 13 channel. He is a 12 and ulster know that. Caught out time and time again and DDA looks like he doesn’t want to be there
munster have fallen the new guy has got his work cut out for him at the defence is pretty awful
Ulster's backline moves are predictable at times, but McCloskey's hands are glorious (have been for 10 years)! And when you add Hume's running lines into the mix, that pair make always make the difference.
The JVG era at Munster ends with a dull thud. Ulster were enterprising, and a few guys distinguished themselves but let's be honest, Munster were a dog's breakfast for most of the match, if not the whole season. Rowntree has his work cut out for next season, whereas Ulster seem to be well underway by comparison.
Stormers vs Ulster in SA will be good
Lie Down and Fold Until You Hear the Bell
Feel sorry for Coombes. He seems the only Munster forward at times to make yards in the carry
Hume is a baller. So is McCloskey, balacoune, Moore, Timoney... exciting times for Ulster
Munster are hilarious
Ulster were the best team today
