not all women have the choice to have a baby cause some women actually could have complications where they or their baby or both could die during pregnancy during birth or shortly after birth
A ciência venceu
❤🎉❤❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤❤🎉❤
Just close your legs ez
Abortion is killing of the unborn child. I'm happy that some people in America recognize that. I wish more did in Europe. If you look at 1) the week-by-week development of the foetus, and 2) the methods used to kill it, you can see that it is killing. It's not a question of reproductive rights, but it's about reproducing and then killing an existing life.
garden tools mad
Cry louder baby k1llers cry louder 😢😂😂
Calling them pro-hypocrisy for being pro-control yet that women wants gun control…she really contradicted herself…
The movie 2001 a space odyssey is the antichrist solving abortion. A space odyssey is a fetus in the womb. The Clint Eastwood dirty Harry movies was angry calm. It seems nasty but it's a good police officer. Angry calm is how a women chooses abortion.   Everything in motion makes one error. Your supposed to park the errors where it doesn't matter or you play wack a mole with errors. It's intelligently designed that if you try killing God you will always make one error. A movie is in motion so you have to park the errors where it doesn't matter. 2001 movie is about abortion but a fetus is blind. That why HAL computer eye is colored red so it still has artistic integrity. 2001 movie is most perfect movie ever made. It only has one error to park. You can't do better than that.
Congrats you now have the same reproductive rights as men lets hear it for equality 👏
they just want a ton of cheap human labor from single mothers and broken families
Imagine crying to kill babies..
I could care less about Roe vs. Wade being overturned. I don't see why other people are losing their minds over it get HIV/AIDS & STD tested. Use the department of health approved condoms, if your lady is allergic to latex get her on the DEPO shot but no creampies whatsoever, and, don't trust birth control pills. All young men should practice masturbation first in order to increase your sexual knowledge of your body's anatomy so that you can increase your withdraw methods in order to avoid unwanted pregnancies. Do the Doggystyle sexual position as a man it's easier to pull out of faster than all the other positions because the man has full control of the sexual intercourse over the woman.
OFCOURSE THE HUMAN TRAFFICKERS ARE HAPPY
National Library of Medicine "An abortion is a procedure to end a pregnancy. It uses medicine or surgery to remove the embryo or fetus and placenta from the uterus. The procedure is done by a licensed healthcare professional." (MISINFORMATION)             The procedure is sometimes done behind closed doors by some who is not a healthcare professional.. often endangering the lives of women.
YOU still have the SAME heart that began beating in your mother's womb ~Houston Kat
Satan demons are mad. 🖕 them
Satanists are so pissed that they cannot kill children no more
Imagine cheering for children being forced to give birth and fellow women dying alone
Thank God. I'm a middle Eastern and I thought Americans were completely doomed and lost, thank God there are good people left. Makes me not worry as much that I might travel to America and study, thank you Lord.
Crazy ass country.
Science is conclusive to say that an individual, unique human life begins at fertilization. Therefore, abortion is murder.
Women ☕
Mandatory paternity testing!!!!
Mandatory paternity testing!!!!!
Let's vote for mandatory paternity testing next...Women wanna be equal to men..well it's time to turn up the heat an start holding them accountable..they out there yelling get a vasectomy..men need to start yelling Mandatory paternity testing!!!!! Yall wanna play let's play
"I AM PRO-CHOICE" "GET A VASCETOMY!!!!" Boi wtf
Wow didnt know up till now alot of american women are baby killers, truely evil
Insider always has the best comment section 😂
No issue here, now all is needed is to consent to have a baby when you consent to have sex.
you people playing with nature your destruction is near
I want to bottle all the sweet, sweet leftist tears and sell it for a disgusting high, capitalist-induced profit.
Ok so why do these liberals think that the baby inside the mothers womb isnt a living person. The truth is the baby is alive inside. Have you seen the way they kill a baby during an abortion its brutal, animals at the slaughter house are treated more gentle. Isnt it a broken record these the  people for abortion are born and in the world they had a chance to live yet want to stop a baby from having a chance at life.
Oh man, the green bandana girl is really brain washed
Pass the popcorn!
Get a vasectomy?😂 tf ?
hoes mad
Close your legs, or use condoms. Those are options.
You have the choice to close your legs.
Exodus 20:13  New Living Translation  13 “You must not murder.
Just when you thought being a man was a bad thing!
Remember, Dem's had dozens of opportunities to make this a federal law. Led by Obama running on the platform to win a second term. Every speech leading up to the election he promised he'd do it day 1! Then after he won, Obama famously said, " It's not on the top of my list of priorities". No bashing, just facts.  Also why is anyone calling this group "pro-life"? When if a mother has complications like tubular pregnancy, or the zygote dies in the womb , now a surgeon won't touch them. And when you have an emergency, no billionaire can go to another state. Call them pro-zygote supporters! That's all they care about. Just facts an history nobody in media has mentioned and history  everyone seems to have forgotten. We all know what's said about that. ✌️Out!
“Pro-lifers” really dont care about life , they care about controlling because all the women who are going to DIE because of this law is crazy. But people don't care, they just care about the fetus
Hell yeah win for babies every were about time murder was outlawed! Love it!
ABORT IF YOU WANT TO, Theres the stairs and the coathanger.
Even animals care and protect their young even to the death. Apparently this country are less than wild animals. It should be against our human nature to kill our young but yet we've slaughtered 65 million of them and the ones we do have were are mutilating their bodies and putting girl parts on boys and boy parts on girls. This is what happens when a country turn their back on God and His son Jesus christ. No amount of saving the environment will protect this world from the destruction that God is going to rain down on this earth because of the sin of this world and the refusal to repent and turn from our sins and accept the sacrifice that Jesus christ made on the cross for us. Instead this world mocks and laughs at God thinking that they are so smart with their science and money and power. Every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord one day. And one day everyone will be held accountable to God for every word action and thought. Nothing will save you then but the blood of Jesus Christ.
Even after his Presidency Trump still continues to shape our country. He set the wheels in motion to protect the unborn and the future of our nation. God Bless Trump!
as a former fetus, i suport the pro-life groups.
Unthinkable? Oh,.please. Any constitutional justice would have determined that this court decision was not based correctly on law. Giving states the chance to democratically decide on abortion is the right thing.
This is the greatest news of my generation!!!
Praise the Lord, God gets all the Glory...still there's more labor, not over yet. I hope they start shutting down the woke abortion mills.
There's another kind of abortion. The world is full of women who give birth, then turn that's child life into a living abortion.
There are actually lots of prolifers who are pro life in everything, and most would be consistent with innocent life. So no hypocrisy there. An abortion is fatal most of the time.
Roasties btfo
Women of America you can no longer sing LAND OF THE FREE
BLM- BABIES LIVES MATTER ❤👶🏼👶🏽👶🏿✝🙏📿
Thks president Trump, from all around the world we salute the great American leader
don't wan't to get pregnant, don't play with sex as a entertainment. Choose someone worthy of living your life with in the rest of your life. Be accountable of your actions and be mature. Not all people that are pregnant are rape rape against their will. Don't go to parties you knew is a possibility of getting raped if you don't wan't to as a girl. To boys and men, be a moral foundation and be responsible of what you do. Don't play with fire if you are afraid to get burned. Over all, be morally mature and responsible for both genders.
Bottom feeding toads gotta be find someone to breed with so rape is now sanctioned by reversing Roe v Wade. What choice do rapists have but to subjugate women with prison if they try to escape the festering malevolence of being raped? These recent SCOTUS decisions reflect what living in Iran looks like.
*x24 HOES MAD*
lol
🥰
Women have all the control of what goes into their body not men! she has all the power in that aspect. Just stop riding the CC and delete the "hookup culture app" take responsibility for your actions and stop dating "Chad and Tyrone" Stop looking for the top 14.5% of men. Find a normal masculine guy under 6 Ft. tall who wants a normal life with a feminine female and get married. Their are literally tens of millions of normal men wanting that life but cant find a woman that will accept an average man. No Abortion Needed.
Lololol
Democratics are always highly emotional. Their attitude is the world will come to an end! Get real. You can still kill your baby if the state allows it, so stop acting crazy. I wish they would televise long term abortions on all media platforms so people could see how disgusting it really is.
Freedom for ALL!!!!! Freedom for the unborn❤️❤️❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Time to boycott American conservative owned companies and businesses into oblivion. They supported this.
Thank God 😊 🙏
R@pe is not an option.  Miscarriages is not an options.  Abortion is self-defense.  Speaking of pro-hypocrisy, you like carrying around guns even though they kill children more than abortion.  If you get the right to self-defense, why can't women have abortion which is also a form of self-defense?
What we need to focus on now is eradicating these sex perverts and the so-called scientists and researchers who claim that this is normal behavior that we as a society should accept. Hell no! Burn every one of them, starting with all the scumbags in Hollywood.
Keep your legs closed and then you won’t get pregnant. Make the guy use a rubber. Go on birth control.
Women pro-abortionists are going on sex strikes🤣🤣. Doesn't that mean you have self-control in preventing pregnancies? The best form of contraception is abstinence in sex practice. They are so dumb, lol. All these people that support abortion probably never even had one. I see a lot of white women. Mostly black women take part in abortion, so why am I seeing in outrage in mostly this racial group? They are all just bored.
No more Saturday morning abortions lol be responsible kids
Suddenly everyone remembers what a woman is
Is birth control not available anymore? Just asking.
That one lady said that anti abortionists are “pro-birth” wtf does that even mean??? Ofc people celebrate the birth of a child how is that supposed to be a bad thing
Godbless the United States of America...      For now...
Another victory for President Trump and the US Construction.  God Bless America.
People gettin all worked up.  All the Supreme Court did was bring it to the states making up their own laws.  people chanting for the murder of the unborn is absolutely disgusting
I’ve never met a pro choice activist that’s not a result of a “pro life” decision 🤔
That lib went right to guns lol. look at the numbers toots... abortions kill way more humans then guns every year.
Bruce Fleury's The Negro Project: Margaret Sanger's Diabolical, Duplicitous, Dangerous, Disastrous, and Deadly Plan for Black America is an in-depth and engrossing cautionary tale written by the author to serve as a warning to all Americans not to forget their history, and perform their due diligence in order to be able to see the not-so-obvious objectives behind the deeds of others. This work surrounds the author's realization of the harm Margaret Sanger and others like her brought upon the black community in the name of "women's health" through her organization, Planned Parenthood.  He sees the black population as being in mortal danger of extinction if Americans don't wake up and fight the battle against abortion. Mr. Fleury raises some very compelling points in his exposé and has provided a great amount of research to support his findings. The reader will most certainly learn a historical lesson that was never taught in school.
SCOTUS got it right. Sorry, it’s true.
God this is dumb!!! Everyday this country gets dumber
America, cradle of hypocrisy. Women no longer have a right to get an abortion because life is sacred, life is pure, life - a pack of cells in one's body - is to be protected at all costs. Hey, no problem. Just enroll your kid at school. Everyone should and has a right to buy a gun, am I right? No wait, isn't life sacred at all costs? Oh right, I forgot. There's a lot of money involved in the weapon industry. It benefits LOTS of people. Pockets are heavy and reach deep. The right to an abortion benefits only women and doesn't bring in any big money, so f*ck that, am I right? So let me rephrase that. You take away a fundamental human right because you say that all life in the womb is sacred, yet you give anyone the freedom to buy a gun and open fire and kill innocent - smiling, playing, laughing, talking, breathing, living - beings because "everyone has a right to defend themselves"? What a rotten world to live in.
that lady who said she wants women to have the "OPTION" as she said did a full 180 and 3 seconds by revealing she's pro-life (which strips women of that "OPTION")
May God bless Mr. Trump for adding these justices to the SCOTUS!
To me, abortion isn't a religious issue, it's a morality issue. If a couple willingly chooses to have unprotected sex, then abortion shouldn't be allowed. There's no excuse in that sense of robbing a baby from life. However, in the cases of rape, incest, or there is a danger to the mother, then abortion should be allowed up to a certain point.
Pro-life people  and some from the Right protect repers and abuser.
War, poverty, discrimination, KKK, bigotry, the dark ages in history time KILL.
Republicans and 5 Supreme Court judges are liars and liars are from the devil
The mom who decided to get an abortion and the doctor who do the surgery are no better then a murder and should face the death penalty like a murder
U ain't do shyt, it's a ruling that wasn't made into law.
Any monster that could serial kill their own children, has extreme and serious mental issues.
Sad world we are living in. This puts women back 50 years.
got to love 60 million unwanted babies while there is no formula how is your taxes not high enough oh Lucifer you're so funny
Justice has been served
I mean, if they want abortion then that should be legal only in the first months when the baby doesnt feel pain
Telling it the way it is. Like it or not, I don't care!  Here's what my position on Abortion was. I didn't care! I've always thought a woman should have the right to have a child or not. Her body her choice and all that.  But then something changed. I heard about a case out of Mississippi that was trying to put limits on when an abortion could take place. Not if, only when! They didn't want to ban abortion, in fact at the time federal law wouldn't have allowed them to do that. They just wanted to have a say on at what point it's a person that needs protections. Well the abortionists didn't want any restrictions on when an abortion could occur and that is where they Fucked up! Because most americans aren't willing to go that far!   In my naive beliefs on abortion I thought it was something that was being done when it was just a blob of cells in a petri dish, something that didn't even resemble a human, especially not not a little human being that could even feel pain, a person!   So once I found out that was the case I decided to investigate further. And I found out there are people and states that have no problem with aborting all the way up to full term babies and that's a bridge too far in most Americans opinions. So yes now it will be an each individual state decision. Most people don't want to live under California or New York laws, that's why they don't live there.  I predict the next big Supreme Court fight will be, when does that baby have constitutionally protected rights like "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness." At what point is He or She a human being deserving of mercy and a chance to live their life! At what point does the unborn baby become the injured party and not the mother! These are all questions that will need to be answered in the highest court in the land!  Just sayin...
Stop killing unborn children.
banned woman rights but can't do anything about gun shootings.
Is no-one, NO-ONE thinking about the idea of a woman getting raped whether at a young age or not? Having a baby could literally kill a woman and destroy there mental health especially if they where raped.
WHO'S GONNA PAY SKY-HIGH TAXES TO BUILD THE FOSTER CARE  AND SECTION 8 HOMES TO HOUSE THESE CHILDREN? CONSERVATIVES! BUILD THE WALLS. AGAIN, WHO'S GONNA BUILD THE WALLS? CONSERVATIVES!!!!!
I hope conservative women enjoy coparenting with their husband’s mistress(es)
The real question is, why would would they bring this back up from fifty years ago. If it was in the past it needs so stay there.
🤣😂👍👏🧑‍🍼🤱🤰
Fun fact. It is possible to be anti abortion and anti guns. Entirely possible.
Pretty ironic that this happened at the same time that there is a baby formula shortage.
Good, now women cant kill babies
I commend the court. They made the right choice to end this satanic act of murder on unborn LIFE.
Hope more women deny sex as a protective measure against this grave injustice. Forcing a woman to gestate and give birth when she doesn’t want to is literally government mandated torture. A punishment unfitting of engaging in a normal human act of affection. All for a fetus that is no more alive than the bacteria under your fingernail. I hope “pro-life” thinks literal torture is worth it. Because I thought we were better than this.
look, if you don’t follow the bible to a T don’t correct people and be like “it doesn’t say that in the bible” bc imma just hit you with that “do you carry you cross daily?” “do you actually read what you’re saying are gods words or does it just sound nice coming out of your mouth?” at the end of the day if you don’t want the baby just give it to a foster home bc of your scenario so he/she can live a shitty life and probably repeat the cycle, or even better raise it when you’re not able to because of the abusive relationship you’re in, or the fact you got raped and you’re only 15 now you have to raise a kid that’ll be 18 before you’re 35, all because of “prolifer’s” think that their opinion should overrule a constitutional right.
Thank God it got over turned screw the radically left. I'm 44 year old male who prayed it would get over turned
hope the mothers of the pro abortion would have aborted them. have a taste of their own medicine.
watch the DAILY WIRE DOCUMENTARY about the facts on planned parenthood and abortion,it will change you.
Awesome, at long last, a major victory for the forces of life and justice! 50 million babies were killed in the Silent Holocaust, you guys are STILL not satisfied? Do you honestly know how much karma countries make for legalizing abortion??
Keep your legs closed simple end of this
What’s next no transgender, no guns allowed, no freedom of speech, no vote anymore really what is next???😡🤬
Many of you here still don't understand the implications of Roe going down! NEVER in the history of the Supreme Court has a right been taken when it's been given. Not to mention it's been a 49 year old precedent! 2) The leaked decision already made it clear by Justice Alito who relied on a  17th century guy who didn't like abortion and yes it existed then to, who also believed in witches. He said at his confirmation hearing that abortion was precedent and not to be touched well he lied just like Kavanaugh, Coney Barret and Gorsich. 3) trigger laws in many states will go into effects immediately or in 30 days and in one state their guy wants to accelerate it to instantly! In some states there's NO abortion! Rape! NO! Incest? NO! Life of the mother? NO! So while some can go to other states others are trying to help those who can't afford it who don't have the money or transportation. Other states don't know which are trying to put a full ban on it EVERYWHERE and NO exceptions! 4) Justice Thomas, famous for his sexual harassment trial of Anita Hill suggested other rights be taken! Same sex marriage for instance. What he won't comment on is trying to roll back interracial marriage considering it would apply to him having a White wife who tried to help Trump steal the election he lost! One poster suggested hysterectomy. I told her unless you have cancer or painful fibroids NO doctor will do it! I know I asked! That poster suggested tubal ligation. Great idea! It took me 3 years to FIND a doctor in my state, despite it being legal to do it in 1990. I seriously doubt it's any easier today. Turning back Roe will ALSO threaten women's rights to contraception! But it won't affect men who never seem to want to use condoms. NO ONE is paying for people's abortions but us who get them! And I'm sick of hearing "I don't want my tax dollars paying for abortion" You aren't! And curiously those same people never grouse about their tax dollars paying for vasectomies where a man is never questioned, no road blocks, no waiting periods. No one seems to stamp their feet who are against abortion when a guy wants her to have one! He wants her to no outrage. She wants it, outrage. And lastly pro lifers refuse to take in pregnant women nurse maiding her for 9 months, being there at labor and birth or helping to raise the kid they demand be born! They say nothing about paid maternity leave! They say nothing about overly expensive child care! They say nothing when schools can no longer do free lunches so kids go hungry and pro lifers certainly don't shed a tear when kids are killed in school shootings or abuse and not once have pro lifers given a damn about past abortion clinics being bombed and abortion doctors in the past being killed. Pro life is selective to them and once that kid is born notice pro lifers don't care what happens to them? This is about choice! And turning back Roe is fueling the Conservatives on the Supreme Court, namely Justice Thomas to take back other rights given except what HE was given by law. The right of interracial marriage! Roe goes far beyond itself in rights being given and taken and many people say well vote more pro choice politicians. Great idea! Except for one thing! That pesky voter suppression that the American people aren't exactly doing large protests to demand that stop! The turning back of Roe is just the beginning of denial of rights. And we have rights today that weren't in the Constitution. That's why it's constantly amended. Conservatives want nothing to change and progress. Republicans want to turn this country into a dictatorship and whether you believe in abortion or not it comes down to your right NOT to to be forced to give birth, TO marry who you want and a whole host of others that Thomas is threatening. We don't even get to choose these Supreme Court Judges which Americans don't seem to give a crap about until they're personally threatened!
Only wounder  looking at comments.  If its easy to kill there own child. How easy would it be to kill some one else.  Hard road just to go safe sex.
Maybe they should learn how birth control pills work or learn how to put a rubber on a weenie or maybe even keep there legs closed and we would not be worried about overturning roevwade just a country boys opinion
Despite being from Canada, I am embarrassed as a woman to see other women embracing eachother at the sight of their rights being taken away.
Imagine using rape as your argument as to why all abortions should be allowed when they make up less then 1% of abortion cases and a vast majority are just women having unprotected sex and getting pregnant (what a shocker) then wanting to kill the baby because they don't want to be inconvenienced and then to top it all off saying that people that want to protect the unborn are the "monsters"
So what exactly is this law now ? Is abortion now illegal on all 50 states ?
all leaders has been evil demonic fallen angels , demonics as those people to deceive there all complete liars!!!
this fake holographic  reality realm is  wickeddddddd, wickedddddddd, wickeddddddd  !!!
Time for a new side hustle..... Joe Bob's Abortions You r@9e em, we scrape em No fetus will beat us!
the evil demonic fallen angels up to no good not deceiving me !!!
A soul isn't going to die or dissapear if the mother aborts. But if it's the product of rape or if the mother is mentally ill, etc then Yes she has the right to have an abortion. I was r@ped by my ex-bf and didn't think about it twice. I hated that man. Don't push religious believes on those of us who know better. Some of us know that not every woman is fit to be a mother, not every woman got pregnant at will. Enough of this mysoginism.
I grew up in Ethiopia during a time where abortion was not legal or safely available to women. The number of young women mostly teenagers that wound up dying from botched abortions in someone’s basement was astounding!. It was a national crisis especially with the youth. Girls I knew from my neighborhood, girls I knew in my high school and college died from complications, injuries and infections. It was absolutely horrifying yet girls continued resorting to a back ally abortion out of desperation.   Making abortion illegal does not stop women from choosing. It only forces them to do it in an unsanitary and unsafe environment and by untrained hands. You won’t find your high moral grounds comforting when it’s your 16 year old daughter who’s died from infection or the police knocks on your door to tell you she died hemorrhaging in someones basement.   Whenever the government makes access to society’s need illegal, it’s opening doors for organized criminals to set up shops in the black market.   The decision by the supreme court is Absolutely shocking and grotesquely ignorant of statistics and data. I hope Canada stays in the 21st century. Btw, I do not support late term abortions. I believe a woman should be allowed to choose to keep or terminate within the first 2 month of pregnancy. Most women won’t notice they’re pregnant before 6 weeks anyways.
Abortion is murder
Those protesters should educate themselves on how to prevent a pregnancy. A life begins in the womb and that life is a defenseless unborn human being that should have a right too.
Nothing at all to do with abortions. Its a political ploy to use in next election to sway sheeple to their vote
Imagine a nation so backwards that the people who want to protect the most vulnerable are considered the bad guys.
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
no uterus, no opinion :)
ROE did not outlaw abortion there are just no laws on it now.
“I accepted an invitation to talk to the women's branch of the K* Kl*x Kl@n...” Margaret Sanger PP founder
Now ALLLL those "strong, independent" women who "thought" they "run the world" just learned where they ACTUALLY STAND in society. Y'all ARE NOT as "powerful" as y'all "think" y'all are 🤷... obviously...
I am not ok with abortion in my life. However, I cannot help but believe that this a decision either on a high horse or a business one. If you are going to be moral, sex is just for procreation. (Bible) Mother's of male child, will have to stock up on condoms. As we all know, a female can only be pregnant once a year. A male can impregnate multiple women through out a year. Who is responsible for those kids? The mother? Or a child is the responsibility or two people? So, I am pretty sure condoms company are ecstatic. Only way to avoid abortion, contraceptives. Which is also not approved by church. Abortion should always be the last thought in anyone's mind.
0:42 Nope. They would cancel the right to murder innocent children.
Looking through history all the way up to today, I can not find any evidence of very many of white christian right antiabortion protesters ever vehemently protesting or petitioning against thousands upon thousands of  black people being lynched and shot or mutilated, black women and children being raped and murdered, white mob attacks on black communities all over the country for decades during Jim crow. Missing where these right to lifers in black lives matter protest. They will show up with the proud boys, kkk etc to attack the u.s. capitol and threaten lives.  They will show up to rallies for rights to open carry with little or no restrictions for the benefit of self defense of white people. The right to life movement is only 50 years old when roe vs wade struck down laws against abortion. There is no tradition among these people or their ancestors protecting living people's right to life. The Quakers and catholic church has been more better and more consistent  in this regard. These religious right  people have always been two faced and could care less about the child after birth. All the crocodile tears for unborn fetuses before viability is laughable.
All the hot women were on the anti abortion side
Apparently we are not pro-life. Doesn't an abortion kill? Crazies. They're murdering the new lives & calling pro-life "not pro-lifes".
"And I saw the dead, small and great, standing before God, and books were opened. And another book was opened, which is the Book of Life.  And the dead were judged according to their works, by the things which were written in the books. The sea gave up the dead who were in it, and Death and Hades delivered up the dead who were in them. And they were judged, each one according to his works.  Then Death and Hades were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. And anyone not found written in the Book of Life was cast into the lake of fire." (REVELATION 20:12-15 NKJV)   Today, while you are still alive and able, may you repent from your sins, believe in your heart and confess with your mouth that JESUS CHRIST is your Lord and Savior, so that through Him, your name will be written in the Book of Life.    "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him  should not perish but have everlasting life.  For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved." (JOHN 3:16-17 NKJV)   JESUS LOVES YOU. HE DIED ON THE CROSS SO THAT YOU MAY HAVE LIFE. ✝️ Please don't ever forget that.
It is going to sound harsh but all these anti abortions...wait until bad things happen to you and you will think differently. If you are against it ok that is fine but wtf are you to tell what other should do? You don't even know the story behind it. I see half of these people don't even have a kids. Gtfoh.
Luke 21:25-28 NIV version   25 How dreadful it will be in those days for pregnant women and nursing mothers! There will be great distress in the land and wrath against this people. 24 They will fall by the sword and will be taken as prisoners to all the nations. Jerusalem will be trampled on by the Gentiles until the times of the Gentiles are fulfilled. 25 "There will be signs in the sun, moon and stars. On the earth, nations will be in anguish and perplexity at the roaring and tossing of the sea. 26 Men will faint from terror, apprehensive of what is coming on the world, for the heavenly bodies will be shaken. 27 At that time they will see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory. 28 When these things begin to take place, stand up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near."
I wonder what will happen with the plan b pill. It’s only taken 24-48 hrs after intercourse. I was married to a man that never wanted children and never did I, but he happily got a vasectomy!
how about this choice.....keep your legs closed coat hanger sales are going to skyrocket
So when they forced people to get vaccinated where were all these feminists saying MY BODY MY CHOICE???? Ohhh the irony👉🏻🤯
Abortion isn’t just murder it’s about eugenics and culling back the “undesirables”
The compassion of our devout 'pro-life' folks just seems to make sense.   That is unless you understand the biological reality of overpopulation and extinction.
Overly dramatic. You can do anything with your bodies. The constitutional right is just upholding a child's right for life. Sadly, their mothers are blinded to be able to see this.
It's astounding to think that women have had the "legal" right to commit murder for just about 50 years.  I applaud this long awaited decision.
Notice that the pro life activists are way more atractive than the pro choice
What if they are raped?
Few will enjoy for pleasure with men they wants, and gives pain to others innocents : At there life's early stages Of 20 to 24 week's. I personally hate this, if you people don't want child then use condom or contraceptive pills or Injections or pill after sex under 72hrs. Why to kill a young innocents life's. If you don't want to raise please send them to Government or NGO's orphanage schools atleast they will live there own life's or some one will may adopt them.  When child is born & small, there  mother will never allow them to get a scratch also...  But when they are in her stomach then she only trying KILL them with  Scissors  and SHARP Cutting instruments.
Anti-abortion laws are bad, but not unconstitutional so not illegal, apart from mag bans. Abortions rights should be in the constitution.
Praying 🙏 Blessed Virgin Mary Mother of God, Please ask your Divine Son Jesus 50 States 🇺🇸 Attorney Generals approve Repealed Row vs Wade 6-24-2022 🇺🇸even if they don’t want to Free from abortion
............o my God now I can't go and screw who ever I want I might get stuck with a kid then I can't party anymore  ....o my God what am I going to do.....that's the bottom line.  You'll figure out you can still kill your unwanted kid's.
Why doesn't anyone discuss the option of adoption vs abortion? It's so absurd.  If it was me I'd just conveniently forget where I left my baby so that I no longer had one anymore. I'm pretty sure it's still legal to drop your baby off at any baby drop off location for discarding live babies. Or the other option would be if you forget to take care of them by feeding etc.; then the gov't will take them away from you which works just as well also.  So it's actually not any financial or time consumption problem. Adoption banks will grow exponentially is all, but at least not any person problem to worry about. So why don't they discuss the adoption option? Very strange. What a bunch of A-holes..
It's not your body its not your choice to murder a precious, baby body in your hands. The baby has a right to live its his or her body, you were just the carrier!
Abortion has it's reasons tho, what if the baby died inside the body? What if the women needs an abortion bc of her health? What if she was raped and was forced to carry a whole baby for 9 months of hell? Imagine being born and knowing that the mom didn't want you or was forced to have you. What i am against is having a child and then having a abortion for fun. Also the price of giving birth is ridiculous.
America is going down to hell. First time i feel like I'm in better country lol
Anyone who supports abortion should know that Josef mengele (The Angel of Death) was a Nazi and ran expirements on twin children. He tortured them and killed thousands of them in the process. After the war he escaped to South America where many other Nazi leaders fled. While in hiding he helped get women to get abortions and fasly led women to getting them. The same man that torched kids is the same man that loved abortions
What a great day for all unborn americans. congratulations america!
Universal health care is horrible…. Sitting in the hospital for hours waiting to see a doctor…then When you see the doctor they couldn’t care less about  your problems and just wanna get you out so the next person can come in… I live in canada it’s a stupid system
Countries with high education for women, access to birth control, and access to abortions have the lowest abortions.  If you are wanting less abortions you are funding the wrong things.  There will always be abortions, you have just limited access to safer ones.
In my opinion, any woman who wants to abort a pregnancy should just end her life and voila she got her abortion
Its literally killing a baby, I have an idea don't get pregnant in the first place
My body My choice who give them the right to choose for me or my body?
Wait a second. They said this takes away women's rights but what about pregnant men? 😂
It ain't da hoe decision to kill da baby! Let's go Brandon.
Interesting how the supporters of bodily autonomy when it comes to abortion have no issues with vaccine & mask mandates.
Thank you supreme court
HEY PRO ABORTION  BARBARIAN MURDERERS..40% of ABORTIONS ARE ON BLACK FEMALES. BLACK ON BLACK CRIME STARTS IN THE WOMB. ARE YOU RACIST??
Send Roe to the pit of Hell where it deserves to be Ban ban ban Abortion
Lol "get a vasectomy!" Next to "my body my choice" uhh. Listen im pro choice but how about you stick to bodily autonomy and stop yelling at men to get snipped.
I believe it is sad and disgusting that abortions happen. More importantly I believe women should have the right to choose if they want to have a child. If the counter argument to that is don’t have sex and to that I say fair point but I still believe they should have the right to abortion. I believe abortion is a necessary evil.  I don’t necessarily believe more people is a bad thing I just think when people do have kids they actually want the kids and or are financially stable to support and raise a kid properly.   With property raised kids you can have a great society and less people that have no continuity of narrative, less destructive people with traumatic childhoods because their parents actually wanted them, and the crime rate and violent crime would more than likely decrease due to parents wanting their children.  This is just my opinion take it as you will, I’m in no way saying I’m 100% right because If I’m going to be honest nobody is “right” about moral issues.
PRO ABORTION BARBARIAN MURDERERS WANT TO KEEP KILLING 300,000+ BABIES EACH YEAR!!!
Men = happy. Gives them more power over female bodies, especially black bodies.  Women = unhappy.
Minimum replacement birth rate: 2.1 EU birth rate: 1.53 Canada birth rate: 1.47 USA birth rate: 1.70 Russia birth rate: 1.50 Ukraine birth rate: 1.23 Australia birth rate: 1.66 Israel birth rate: 3.00  Israel education minister Rafi Peretz on intermarriage.  Israel justice minister Ayelet Shaked on keeping the jewish majority even at the expense of human rights.  CNN: Joe Biden: Im a zionist, you don't have to be a jew to be a zionist.  Angry foreigner: Joe Biden: it's a good thing that whites will be an absolute minority in the USA
Why do people think that abortions don't apply the special cases. I am sure in certain situations an abortion is legal. We just don't want people to be able to use it as contraception anymore. Which 90% of abortions are.
Where are all the black woman, all I'm seeing is a bunch of white kids that are getting paid for the summer and some old libs protesting the ruling!!! Lol, too funny!
Liberals: -"My body, my choice!" Also Liberals: -"You will take the untested vaccine, wear a face mask and stay 6 feet away from me!"
It really ain't that deep
As a biologist I find it odd. A fetus with tail and snout, without the ability to think or feel pain, should be able to be aborted. I’d understand it if they lowered the window of opportunity, but making it illegal is nuts.
Unity!!!! Comrade Wizard Biden
The social crisis of the 1980s led to a racial divide which resulted, among other things, in a considerable over-fertility of disadvantaged minorities ( lots of rapes ). Crime kept increasing in any city in the country, it was the end of the world, gun deaths with intent to kill, crack dealing, robberies and rapes would proliferate. All eyes then turned to the super-predators: his profile haunted every page of official documents. He was a skinny teenager from a big city with a cheap gun and a heart of stone. 72% of African American mothers are single parents. Decades of research have abundantly demonstrated that a child born into an unfavorable environment has a much greater risk of becoming a criminal. for the millions of women who want an abortion are poor, alone, often teenagers, for them clandestine abortion is too expensive or too complicated because they come from an unfavorable family background. How can a poor, lonely, unqualified teenage woman raise her unwanted son in good conditions? especially if she has already other children
Women have the right to abort for specific reasons, like medical condition or some other situation but not every child should be aborted if they want to
Toda la gloria a Dios
It feels like both side don't care about babies even if after being born or during pregnancy
And when a woman gets caught? She carries the burden, not the man! He can just walk away. I'm not American, and I feel sorry for you all.
I feel very happy 😃 for all the babies 👶 who are now safe at last in most mothers wombs. The womb should be the most sacred safe place on the planet 🌎. Tearing apart little babies with abortions, limb 🦵 by limb 🦵 is definitely murder!!  Do you know how many people have gone to prison bc the mother and baby 👶 was killed? If we can put someone in jail for killing someone’s unborn baby, then it’s hypocritical not to do the same to women who choose to murder their babies. All life is sacred from conception, until you take your last breath.   How can all these women, demand to kill their unborn babies??? Is there any greater abomination, then killing a helpless innocent 😇 baby 👶??
Seventy five percentage of abortions that have happened, are listed for no specific reason, twenty percentage of abortions were for social and economic reason. all other reasons, such as  for health and mental reason, incest, rape all account for less than two percent  for each category. Having an abortion because your poor or you want to further your carrier, or because you cheated is no reason to have an abortion, but it does seem selfish, but if a women health is at risk or the baby  health is at risk seems more of a validation to have an abortion. There have been over 930000 abortions in the USA  2019, abortions are being mis used.
So, USA is becoming even more 💩 with human rights for groups of people minding womens’s wombs for business they’re not a part of. Yeah, That’s America.
Hoes mad, hoes mad, hoes mad
Let’s be real the anger is about no longer being able to sleep with 6-7 guys per week without consequences.
is the US really a free country ?  or maybe just not for women
What can the federal government do about the roe v wade decision?can they remove federal medical funding from the states that are taking away the womans rights? What can the people do? They can firstly stop electing republicans whos entire goal is to send us back 200 uears… roe is not the end, its just the beginning. Gay rights, womens rights contraception, how you and your spouce have sex in the privacy of your own homes…
😂😂😂☕☕
God bless America for this decision!! This pro abortion people thinks  they are  real philosophers but they are so stupid.
Glad to see that season 5 of handmaid’s tale has been released
B-b-but the parents won’t treat the babies well,so we should just let the babies die !   It’s crazy how the most common justification for taking a baby’s life is dependent upon it’s parents to be resentful,abusive or just bad people in general.  Why should the baby lose his life for the convenience of these kind of people ?
America is not different from Afghanistan, it's third-world now....You're a theocracy....Seeing this from Europe, i am just shocked. As a consequence my government will pass the right to abortion into our Constitution soon....It was a law from 1974, it will be a constitutional principle soon. You're going the wrong way people...Abortion is a medical, a women issue, a difficult choice. Religious beliefs are irrelevant.
It seems they think the constitution is a "Social construct" just like gender. These people are nothing but jokes
IMO a totally political decision.  I thought the the Supreme Court was a completely apolitical.
A great day 🎉🎉🎉
Salt mining is heavy.  SO much salt.  I am enjoying the so-called pro=choice anger.  It's is delicious.  MAGA 2024.  Make ii  9-0
Wow, look at those anti-abortion girls, celebrating taking away of their own freedom.  Typical Facebook generation who have no clue what they are doing, all they want just number of follows.  Maybe they better live in Afghan, maybe they don't deserve liberty.
If you are pro-choice, just buy a pack of condoms before you decide to get creampied by your boyfriend. Why wait months to have an abortion if it can get prevented in the first place?
im not left or right however, what I dont understand about the left is that they say "pro choice" for women but thats the same side that cant even define what a women is and also claim men can get pregnant?! (huge contradiction) Im not making this up, look it up yourself on youtube and its from their own mouths lol
Women who will suffer the most will be poor women in conservative states, mostly black and latinos women. So they will have more children...Have white supremacist bigots thought about that ? You will became a minority in your own states. From France I am very worried about America...From one side you have these fascist bigots and conspiracy nuts, the other side you have these woke/cancel sectarians...I'm just wondering where are the normal rational people in all this. What's next ? 2nd Amendment to fight back against these dictatorial states ? This is insane...
kill those shetty scumbag liberals death to liberals
What's next taking away our jobs? Taking away our access to get an education? What's the end goal?
Its not the 19th amendment, but im damn sure happy to take it.
Women need to get over this entitlement and delusion that they have the absolute right over whether to allow a baby in their womb to form or not.   First off, it's not just your child, it's the man's child as well, whoever it was you had sex with, therefore his input needs to be taken into account, regardless of whoever's body it's forming within. It's not only just about what the woman wants.  Secondly, life is sacred, and to extinguish a potential life, that would form without your interference to have the baby murdered, is just plain evil and makes you a psychopath if you don't see the evil from such actions. All life has rights of their own, including children, even those which are still forming.  Thirdly, if you don't wanna have a child, then close your damn legs and stop sleeping around. Teach your daughters this and they won't have to worry about thinking of having an abortion just because they slept with a guy who they didn't wanna have a child with and now they have regrets. Teach them sex only comes with marriage with a responsible, mature, good God-fearing man, so if they marry such a person, no need to even think of murdering their child!  And yes, there are exceptions when abortion should be considered, like if the mother's life is at risk, or if the woman was raped or was a victim of incest, or if the child will be born with major health issues and be a great burden on the parents.   But if you had sex with someone consensually, your life isn't at risk, and the baby you have forming within you is developing just fine, no issues, then how dare you even contemplate over murdering a developing child! I mean, how evil must a person be?  Besides, if a woman insists on sleeping around, then that's what you have birth control for, flippin' use it! But when you get pregnant because the birth control failed you, then don't take it out on the baby by murdering it.   If anything, sterilize yourself, cut your tubes, and call it a day so no more potential life can form within you, because if you pro-abortion, you're too much of a psychopath be a mother anyway. That's just a fact.
The kitchen is calling ladies
Honestly, I think abortion right only encourage irresponsible sex life, just be more cautious and follow all the necessary contraception methods if you're not willing to take the risk, and if she still got pregnant by accident, then own up your mistake like an adult Pregnancy by sexual assult is too circumstantial to be an argument, and it's far more easier to fix, they can easily change the law so it'll be an exception, and I'm pretty sure statistically these cases aren't the majority too. If they are, then Americans have much bigger issue to worry about than abortion right
"Our GOD is in Heaven; He does whatever pleases Him" (Psalm 115:3). Seek & surrender to God's will for all things! JESUS knows what's best!
"The blessings of the LORD brings wealth (peace & joy) & He adds no sorrow to it" (Proverbs 10:22). Anyone or Anything not of God will bring you heartaches!
Keep abortion safe, legal, sanitary & accessible ! Interesting new development. My theory for the security,prosperity and insuring of liberty for the ''' Collective Of Western Civilization'' best at this Point In Time.  Good News is that Eye Love You. Calling for an immediate ceasefire !  That stated, read the following thrice carefully and and please only discerning, wise and questioning persons respond : Back in October 2019, as a World Peace Advocate, Independent Student Scholar of History, Geopolitics, Wars & Civilizations and Independent Security Analyst and Theorist HAD concluded that we ( North America, NATO member countries and THE WEST) are on a path towards WW3 due to the US-CHINA TRADE WAR begun by the Trump Administration back in early 2018, The Arrest of the CFO of Huawei Meng Whenzou by the RCMP in Canada in order to honor an extradition treaty with the USA, other geopolitical events, & the historical event known as Pearl Harbor. Concluding as an Independent Thinker, Analyst and Philosopher that we ( Humanity ) are on a Path Towards WW3 HAD created, designed & made a New Training Program produced to go hand in hand with a WW3 scenario. Thus, October 17 2019 HAD performed the 1st session of the General War Integrated Total Body Training System aka The 300 Workout integrated & in parallel to a near future timeline witch was the WW3 scenario. 93 Days later, the COVID 19 Crisis Began ! In parallel to my WW3 scenario witch is caused by a Stock Market Crash witch consequently triggers a Global Financial Collapse the Coronavirus began. Not sure what caused Covid believe it was snakes but cannot rule out another possibility. What do know is my scenario HAD a solution the creation of a New Institution : The International Citizen Integrated Social Security Force aka The Dragon Army witch am calling for the creation. Tell the Leaders of the Free World Dragon Zero's Message : Drop Down and give Dragon 13 pushups with Love & For The Sake of World Peace.  What say ye ? Will you join the Dancing Goddess & Dragon Kingdom for World Peace ? Can u support, volunteer, bless & love Adrian Hannah Dragon's World Peace Work ?
Seeing the leftists in such anguish...it brings me such joy.
🥺🥺🥺 If they’re gonna do this, they better increase the funding for orphanages and foster care
Now we watch the abusive and negligent foster system be pushed far past its limits, and watch them wonder why in 18 year, homeless rates skyrocket as the forced children age out with no supports ushering in the collapse of America.
Zelensky and his neo Nazi buddies are not going to be happy that Ukraine won't be the focus on US media for the next few weeks or even months!
Im really happy to see these beautiful young women  supporting unborn babies.  Pro life all the way❤️
Now women can do the same thing men do since men never had a choice. Cry a little and accept it.
There would have been no Holocaust  or overturning of Roe v Wade but for the Catholic Church. To understand where Christian Nationalism is taking the country, read "God And The Fascists" by Karlheinz Deschner (1965 German) “Gott mit uns”
Absolute disgusting decision. Glad I live a country that looks after their women and isn’t living in the past
“If they actually wanted people to live they would support everything that I support anything other than that is wrong” green lady
AOC is a instigator trying to start riot's and more chaos, She needs to be arrested.. Go back to your little office and make more Tik Tok video's
lmao mald
DEUS VULT! proud that the judges were Catholic
Dont you pro lifers EVER dare to force a raped women to raise the child for life after a life threatening pregnancy.  She did her job to save the child risking her life and damaging herself and then you open your mouth against her to force her life choices she never wanted.  Thats as sociopathic as women who abort for fun
ok so now how do we go about fixing this?
WELL DONE SCOTUS!!! MAKE ABORTION ILLEGAL AGAIN MAKE MAN AND WOMAN RESPONSIBLE AGAIN!!! ABORTION SHOULD ONLY BE ALLOWED IF MOTHERS LIFE IS AT RISK AND IN CASE OF RAPE!!
El aborto es un asesinato!
Popcorns $5 : 🍿🍿🍿
Feel the copium, baby-killers.
Imagine crying cause you might not be able to kill babies in your state anymore
Amen 🙏 Bible says any abortion is a murder. You’re killing defendless unborn
America! Welcome back to sanity!
Dont 8ill babies  and babies in the womb are not a tumor to be cut off for your lifestyle.
wow…these guys are more Chinese that us mainland Chinese guys…congrats to every american woman，now they can not protect their health legally.
wow…these guys are more Chinese that us mainland Chinese guys…congrats to every american woman，now they can not protect their health legally.
Ideological lines, my ass! Christian Zealots do not belong on the supreme court! The ones that said they would never do this to get their appointment! This is shameful & they are liars! The minute Trump raised that upside down bible he should have been removed! Christianity has no business in politics!
What will you achieve by killing the young onces who hasn't seen this world?
Fight for the baby. Hurray 🥰
Since when was "pro-birth" a bad thing?
I thought abortion activists were for protecting women. What better way to protect your 110 pound teenage daughter than teaching her how to use a firearm to hit small targets?
punishing women and other minorities for no reason is americas favourite pasttime
Pro-Choice women are crying because they can not Kill Their Babies! CRAZY!!!!!
Haven't seen democrats this pissed off since Republicans freed their slaves
If they were truly pro-life they wouldn't support the Supreme Court's decision? Honey that hair dye affected your brain cells
Men can only get abortions cope and seethe. loopholes people.
Fantastic, now women cant sleep around without being accountable for that, and... kiddies in utero now have a chance at life ✝️🙏
Awesome. Why? Life but more than that - eat SH feminists……
If everyone just listened to Jesus we wouldn't have these problems
This is just horrible
The girls that love casual sex are in shambles right now
Human rights? How stupid these gals? Ok that is America - female cannot decide their own lives - and male - they still can enjoy everything
For Pro-Lifers God wins, and for Pro-Aborts(child murderers) your master Satan looses. His head will be crushed by a simple handmaiden.
Great decision by Supreme  Court. Make America Great Again. God is back with America after 50 years of satanic ruling in 1973. God loves all life, the unborn also.
protest in front of the judges  house  and piss them off then ,wonder why your side lost. dumb  dumb dumb.
Thank you president Trump! You did it.... Overturned Roe vs Wade.... Again THX......
What the prolife people fail to understand is these fetus's are simply not babies thats all you can try to make it your way but these fetus's have not had one human action or even will to do anything at all they are basically still a sperm or an egg sorry thats the truth you are looking at it superficially. we do not try to save every Egg and Sperm although they are a potential human WHY!? because that ridiculous saving every POSSIBLE human life!? are you so Emboldened by this fake sanctity? show me the cross section comparison between a baby and a fetus and i will show you how they differ not because it LOOKS like a baby but because of what it ISNT.
Don’t sleep around with every guy you see and there won’t be a problem lol then you don’t have to murder babies
We all survived this tragedy, I think we should give a moment of silence to the 70m of our brothers and sister who perished do to this genocide. This day will be remembered forever.
The American dream.  More consumers to sell a gun and a bible.  Barbarian Nation.
Good job Supreme Court
Hillary Clinton and RBG made this day possible
My Mother was a single Mother who did not get child support, worked 2 and sometimes 3 jobs a day. Makes me SICK all the Free Loaders expect the Government (US) to pay for them to have SEX and Children or Abortions.
Finally Legalized Murder of the Unborn Child is Over Turned.   Totally Agree with the Court as a (male) who supported roe vs wade decades ago. It has been long enough for All Law Makers in Federal, State, City Levels along with the News Media to have been teaching 100% Safe Sex Education Which They have NOT.
There must be strong support for the liberal people, those conservative religious elements are the antiques of the old times, they lie on the merits of history and gnaw at the fruits of modern civilization! O free people! Why should I put up with the exploitation of these people? Modern society does not need a group of outdated people to lead, that will only hinder the progress of society. It's time to remove the barriers to America's greatness again. Those stubborn old antiques should stay in the museum. Look around, the world is changing with each passing day, and the fruits of modern science are benefiting everyone, which is a magnificent miracle created by people who have fought for freedom for generations! Now those dull old antiques have not kept up with the times, they should realize this, rather than clinging to power for their own selfish desires, which is a betrayal of the people! This is a blasphemy against freedom! We cannot afford to allow the foolish people to continue to act recklessly, for sooner or later they will ossify this vibrant country and they will destroy everything for us! Now is the time for America to live and die, let us fight for freedom, and never let the beacon of freedom be extinguished! For America's tomorrow we must win!
Glad to see incestous couples can have kids without those awful abortions in the way.
To all the smug Christians who are celebrating, the American Taliban is coming for you next.
Imagine the irony if those pro-life women got raped and pregnant after this..
It’s a scary time to be a woman and a MAN will never know what it feels like
It shouldn’t have been a problem in a civilized and mannered society in the first place 😅. No self responsibility whatsoever. They can’t even take care of themselves, then wanted to practice unsafe sex while they know damn well of the consequences after. There is no “turn back” button. You can’t have an abortion after another one just because you couldn’t keep your pants up. All women who choose abortion have their reasons to do so, whether she had been raped or other causes. But it does not justify the act of praising and glorifying abortion. This is a sad world.
What is everybody fighting about, you're letting the babies grow up to join gangs anyway so both sides win, and everybody should be happy.                    ................GRIM
MASTER TIP: I now understand why my childhood friends said women that believe in abortion are unfit for marriage and should be for recreational use only. If a woman is so heartless as to murder her own children, think of what she will do to you when you no longer serve a desired purpose. It’s simply a good vs evil and light vs darkness spiritual battle. How can any moral person justify demanding the right to murder someone with impunity. What a shame? If you are going to fornicate gentlemen, you better wrap it twice or you will be struck with one of those monstrous women.
The moment that the feminists of 1973 took this issue before the Supreme Court, they invited the government into their uteruses. Had they never done so, it would have stayed a state-by-state issue for women. Blame yourselves oh ye pro-aborts! You went federal- now the federal pendulum has thrown it back.
Will the Ford Bronco out sell the Jeep Wrangler?
If you don't want to have a baby yet, does that mean you're killing a baby through abortion? And, if it's not a baby but just a clump of cells, why would you want to carry THAT for 9 months? Simple solution: BE WISE! STERILIZE! I 100% support a woman's right to get sterilized.
WE WIN!!!!!!!!
If the pro abortion crowd were really for women's rights they wouldn't be advocating for forcing women to share their private spaces with mentally ill men pretending to be women.
It's called WINNING
There will be some significant events and outcomes triggered from these changes.  One is the issue of miscarriages - will some states try to charge a mother that has a miscarriage  with murder? Or might they accuse the mother of causing the miscarriage on purpose?  Will they ruin the lives of many teens that are poor and uneducated?  Will the mother and child require public assistance ( assuming that the father is also poor and unable to pay child support).  Perhaps the father will be unknown in some cases.  Childcare for a single poor mother is almost impossible.  What about drug abusers and homeless that perhaps give birth?  What about drug addicted babes that require significant medical care.  What about medical insurance for those without?  Will the costs of these births in many cases be passed on to the taxpayer?  What about non-citizens that are undocumented?  Consider mothers that already have several children and have an unplanned pregnancy?  The GOP will go crazy when the costs of Medicaid goes up by 30 percent over time due to single young mothers with no means of support and no medical and perhaps no housing.  Consider babies born with birth defects which can be common in teens and again substance abusers of alcohol or drugs?  A lifetime of medical care required on the taxpayers dime.  I'm okay with that - but will others be happy to see taxes go up and public assistance hit an all time high?  Foster Care and CPS services will need to be increased and will need funding too.  CDC data year	number of abortions 2010	765,651 2011	730,322	 2012	699,202 2013	664,435 2014	652,639 2015	638,169 2016	623,471 2017	612,719 2018	619,591 2019	629,898  So at least 500,000 additional children born per year.  Let's start building new schools and childcare centers now to handle to new increases of births.  We are going to need them.  We need more companies to manufacture baby formula as we can't meet the current needs for mothers now.  We also need train new doctors in medical school now (for the increase of deliveries and medical care which will require an increase in doctors and nurses).  We may need more hospitals or at least more hospital space for nurseries to handle all of these births.    So if 250,000 of these children and the mothers are added to public assistance and medicaid  "per year" = the system will start to fail and the Congress will have to expand and fund new increases to these programs to assist these poor mothers that likely would be unable to hold a job that could pay the costs of childcare and medical as well as housing costs.  I may be wrong here?  This is just what I see as possible outcomes?
So many people rejoice in the suffering of others.  Hard to understand.
MAGA
Roe v Wade has been aborted! Poetic justice at its finest.
The people cheering are pure evil
This race is doomed
The pro life group looks more pqeaceful.
I’m so glad I flew to Europe and am watching this from a distance
3 conservative ghouls nominated under the stupidest president in American history and appointed by the most blatantly corrupt political party. What an absolute travesty for human rights. This is the first decision, mark my words, marriage equality and contraception are next. America is determined to become a 3rd world country and the most idiotic of us all are steering the ship. This country is absolutely fucked.
Why do people suck women have rights and we should let them have them!!!!!!!!  Let's stop the radical right from taking away rights!!!!!
Democrats are horrible  people. They get nastier  and nastier month by month.
Pro-death protesters malding at RvW getting overturned, lmao. Always a good day when you can make liberals less degenerate.
It’s about time men get a say if their babies live or die all abortions should be required for the father of the future dead baby to sign the papers to abort them
👍
Babies should say "Goo".. Not become it! 😁
Babies should say "Goo".. Not become it! 😁
I am just glad my taxes aren’t paying to kill babies any more.
Let rape these anti abortion women and give them unwanted pregnancy
Hahahahahah 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 , a big 'f*ck you' to the face ❤️❤️ i love itttttt
the ppl in these comments r kinda clueless ngl
These woman are just plain crazy.  Too bad Pfizer didn't set up a booth near these protests to distribute Xanax samples.  Might have helped avoid the violence you know these lefties will resort to.
Feminists: Here's a reality check for you. WOMEN control access to sex and a women's womb. Therefore, if you decide to give it up to handsome Chad or BBC Tyrone, make him double bag it. I am tired of women blaming men for the access that YOU AS WOMEN allow. Rant over.
Don't get in the way of me executing unborn children. They might inconvenience me. That's what it comes down to.
They're pro life. But support these gun laws, don't care about baby formula shortages, don't care about mass shootings in schools or anywhere, pro adoption(nobody adopts anymore, and 60% of childcare system children are sex trafficked) Un real these fascists. I'm glad they have a big ass target on their heads, and I hope they get what's coming to them.
They took this away and next they’re coming for same sex marriage and who knows what else
Her body her choice. Just make better choices now.
These people are so stupid gun control kills people just like abortion
This ruling will increase homicides as statistics show. Good thing guns are so easy to access. Fundamentalists  are silent when kids are annihilated with assault rifles but scream bloody murder if a woman wants to control her body. Pick and choose and tread on women and even men.
Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs,Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs, Close your legs! 🤣😂😅
Beautiful 😍
We knew this was coming. The reputation of the Supreme Court is in the toilet.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
So if a woman was sexually assaulted she has no choice but to have the baby? Hopefully the Moses Law stays in place
Pro choicers, please close your legs. Yall know what sex might lead to. It does not matter how the baby was conceived, you dont have the right to kill a baby just because it doesnt suit you.
The solution is simple. Ladies, quit putting out.
This will only increase the number of illegal back alley abortions which will lead to permanent disabilities or deaths for women who cannot afford to travel where abortion is legal.
You know what would be funny? If the mothers of people who support abortion had abort them lol. They wouldn't be here promoting abortion.
Emotions? Something women need to think about before they start having sex with everyone they think is cute.
I personally don’t see a problem with abortion getting banned. Sure sometimes there shouldn’t be a baby. But that baby deserve to live too. They are arguing against their right to choose if the baby lives or dies. But I personally think that all babies deserve a chance at life.
Condoms aren't that much expensive.
Beautiful day
Just saying there’s lack of evidence that proofs that life starts at the placenta   Plus if you’re saying that you’re preventing a future doctor,president,noble price winner, well if that’s the theory you’re also preventing future dictators,tèrorist,criminal,etc. and if your reason is to protect the child, why not you be in favor is stricter gun restrictions???? Hundreds of children are killed each year because of gun violence.   And you won’t be stopping anyone from getting abortion, you’re banning legal and safe abortion, now women have to risk their life to go to illegal and back alley abortion.  Now babies born to unplanned parents will either be send to the broken foster care system with a REALLY low chance of actually being adopted or will be raised with unloving parents who are more likely to commit abuse, neglect, etc.  and kids who grew up in abuse and neglect are MORE likely to turn to crimes.   You ain’t helping anyone here, both the mother and children pro lifer
This is a sad day, abortions will still happen but will be unsafe, we will see a rise in maternal mortality, rape and hysterectomies, the outcome is horrific and it will neither rise the population or be saving lives if that was their goal. 🤦‍♀️
Deal with it. Trump delivered bigly.
A fair compromise would be that any woman who carries a child to term has the right to assign all legal rights and responsibility to the father upon birth. This can be determined by compulsory DNA testing if necessary.
To all the men please get a Vasectomy stop getting woman pregnant also  will save you lots of money in child support also save the tax payers from supporting your child because you don't have a pot to piss in . That goes for woman too practice safe sex you also don't have a pot to piss in just saying goes both ways .
The Democrats fought the first civil war because they wanted to own black slaves. They will fight the second civil war because they want to kill babies
Abortion was not outlawed. The court doesn't have a stance on abortion at all.
Why don’t we ask rape victims how they feel about that!
My body, it should be my choice!
We simply cannot support murdering the innocent unborn. Think about what is happening. Those innocent unborn children in the womb could have been you or me. Ripped apart and dismembered . You and me are here. Given a chance. Think people
look at all these woman crying because they ain't allowed to kill babies and perform child sacrifices no more lol
this channel is lowly and it deleted my comment. fring freaks who are scared of merw words
Wow - what a wonderful day for the nation, and especially for unborn babies... today in our hearing, they are given life instead of death!  And nobody can declare that the Executive branch wrongfully influenced the decision today - it was overturned under President Biden's over-watch and Democratic majority in the Senate.
Great to see a Country with no free Healthcare, no paid maternity leave and highest maternal mortality out of any developed nation is forcing women to go through pregnancy. I have 3 kids and the last one left me with serious health consequences.
If pro choicers were aborted...that would work....
So now are they going to pass a law forcing men to be responsible for THEIR actions? The responsibility most always fall on women. Men walk away, deny they are the dad, and if proven they are, they find ways to avoid child support or responsibility for that child. When are the courts going to interfere with men's rights, like they do womens? Should be a FELONY for men to not be responsible for their actions as they also played a part in that child's conception, not just the woman.  Welcome to Communism. High prices. More Government control. And your rights are being taken away a little at a time. AND, they can now watch how much money you have in the bank and force you to pay more taxes on what you've already paid taxes on.  Wonder when people are going to remember WE have the right to dismantle a tyrant government when it no longer works FOR THE PEOPLE but AGAINST THE PEOPLE.
Hurray!
Protest at the ballot box, signs accomplish nothing
I have been betrayed by my country! Make all the laws you want but if I need an abortion I WILL GET ONE.
The scariest thing now, is how many women will try to get ‘underground’ abortions and end up dying from them.
Everybody who thought it would be fun to vote for Trump in 2016 to see what he would do is responsible for this. During Trump's one term he got 3 far right wing judges who lied under Senate confirmation appointed for life to the Supreme Court.  Voting blue and supporting all democrats for the midterms is the best path forward.
Blessed such days
A year ago leftist went nuts saying get the jab "IF ONLY TO SAVE ONE LIFE". Why do Democrats hate babies?
This law is so stupid let women decided if they want and abortion or not. Like it's not your child and your not the one who's going to give birth to that child. You people are crying for a clump of cells who aren't even developed yet wtf worry about yourself not about women decision
now Lets ban divorce so all these anti-abortion people can live in hell 😂
Best decision!!! Finally a step in the right direction!
Abortion is baby murder! It must be outlawed completely!
Well ladies and gentlemen. It took him nearly 35 years but Mitch McConnell has finally “Borked” Biden. And all ON HIS WATCH too. OUCH!
To these people not have jobs???
It should be a crime to kill unborn babies
So it's somehow wrong for someone to have an abortion but those in the US military can kill children and think they have honor with no repercussions. That's messed up.
I’m appalled at horrific transphobic slurs being yelled in the streets by masses of bigoted transphobes.  Men can give birth too and being a woman is a constellation.   They are erasing the existence of a horribly marginalized community.  Why can’t they be outraged over the rights of “birth giving persons”?  This is transphobia on a level we have never seen before.  This hate should not be left unchecked.  Arrest these protestors for mass bigotry.  The hate just cannot be left unchecked or be allowed in any way, shape or form!  I’m so F’ING outraged at the hate that I have found myself in an uncontrollable rage!
does nobody understand that keeping a baby alive doesn’t automatically make their life better. that baby could grow up in a place that just makes their childhood terrible. not to mention the mothers mental state at having to have a child that they don’t want. that child is going to be a constant reminder of something they didn’t choose to have. the mother could even end up committing suicide because they are being forced to have it. not only does that take away one life, but it would be taking away two. if you think that abortion is wrong, then you don’t have to have one. stay out of everyone else's lives and decisions .
I never seen democrats this angry since we took away their slaves
The fight isn’t over yet this is a great victory in a horrific war but it still isn’t banned
Yes so now that these babies are forced on those who don’t want them we need change for all  those who want them,and those who don’t can be and do what is required . Better healthcare for expecting mother, paid time off for parents at least 6 months each, better social and mental health care for parents struggling with child birthing cost, pre & post parenting therapy, affordable products for babies, affordable daycare, better/ more affordable contraception/ contraception responsibilities. Reduced burdens/stressed on women to be in charge or reproduction this will be expected of all parties. Improvement in the care and treatment of the children in foster care and improvement in social works to protect children in violent and unsafe homes,clean environments law to improve climate change,and healthy affordable food for them to eat so removal of chemicals and pesticides ( protects parents seen as we need them alive to raise these kids) seen as life DOES NOT STOP AFTER BIRTH!!!!! Better proper education through all levels, access to and affordable extracurricular activities so screens don’t raise the kids. Let us now rally for change to raise these babies into productive, healthy, happy, trauma free adults if I forgot anything please add come now 🇺🇸 we have work to do we can afford it just start taxing the church😊😊
Theses people ate always shouting get a vasectomy. But why not get ypur tubes tied? Why leave it to the man having too alter his body?
I'm just here for all the liberal tears.
By overturning roe v wade, you’re essentially ALLOWING RAPISTS AND MOLESTERS TO FREELY TAKE A WOMAN’S OR GIRL’S VIRGINITY WITH THE FEMALE HAVING TO SUFFER THE CONSEQUENCES OF A CHILD SHE NEVER WANTED. Just think about it. -A child she never wanted.- And it was NOT her fault. It was the assaulter’s fault, leaving the female being forced to raise a kid against her own will. The assaulter doesn’t have to do a thing, they simply just leave or stay and abuse.  Now as if THAT WASN’T ENOUGH FOR YOU PEOPLE, THINK ABOUT THE CHILD. THINK ABOUT HOW THEIR MOTHER MIGHT BE UNDERAGED OR NEVER WANTED THEM. Do you think that would possibly obliterate a child’s mental health for life knowing all that? Hmmm.. YEAH. IT WOULD. The child might become SUICIDAL PEOPLE! AND TAKE THEIR OWN LIFE AWAY, THINKING THEY WERE NEVER WANTED. THINKING THEIR EXISTENCE WAS A WASTE OF SPACE AND THAT THEY WERE A BURDEN TO THE WORLD. And, of course. The assaulter gets to walk away and is in risk of serious arrest, or they might just get a real hard slap on the risk. But that will NEVER, EVER, add up to how they ruined someone’s life. I think the VERY LEAST, the law could do is put a death penalty for the assaulter. If they can’t do that, the law is just filled with a bunch of rapists and criminals.
Democrats had 49 years to figure out how to codify Roe into law, and it didn't happen.  NOW the Democratic leadership is all full of righteous indignation.  All they deserve from us dedicated Democratic voters is a one-finger salute.
What state will be on fire first?  I have my popcorn ready!  I bought a BRAND NEW 8oz popcorn machine JUST for this moment!  This thing will make a ton real quick too!  I also bought a whole case of popcorn so i am set to go.  These crazy nut job liberals are nuts.  I am just here to watch the show!
The way I see it, if you dont want kids, then don't bare back. Why kill?
Sometimes I get a glimpse of how basic we are. Today was one of those!
Roe v. Wade = Zionist Freemason vs Christianity
Can’t get pregnant from anal.
They basically waited for RBG to die to abolish this. Unbelievable
Should never left states period it's not illegal across the land just certain states  My state pa had massive election according five polls works  my family knows  We shall see which philosophy wins and what's state coffers increase
HUGE WIN
*EVEN THE LATE SUPREME COURT JUSTICE RUTH BADER GINSBURG SAID PUBLICLY THAT ROE WAS DECIDED ON SHAKY CONSTITUTIONAL GROUNDS AND WOULD BE VULNERABLE TO CHALLENGE!*  These radical women say it's about their bodies...  Well, there is another body growing inside them and with modern medicine that fetus is viable in as little as 21 weeks! To kill that baby right up to 39 weeks is murder.
Great day for ProLifers, White women have the highest number of abortions in America. In a declining white population this measure will increase their numbers, I’m sure the SC is aware of this.
How about banning meat eating from the US  since consuming meat is not allowed in Hindu? Americans will say I'm not Hindu, and that's not fair. Abortion is Catholic believes. Don't bring Catholic beliefs to Americans because not Americans  are Catholic in the United States.
The US is fighting hard to become the most BASED country on the planet again!
If unborn babies could vote, the Democrats would never win another election.
There will be plenty of blue states where it's still legal.  Why not move to those blue states.  You can have all the abortions you'd like!
Did They REALLY SAY "GET A VASECTOMY" Could you imagine a mob of men holding signs Yelling  "GET A HYSTERECTOMY!!" LOL!!!!
Satanic forces are  possessing the minds of evil men and women who want to murder their babies
So much ignorance in what is supposed to be a free country. Unfortunately America is no longer the greatest country in the world anymore.
Okay, great, they won this battle. What’s next? The numbers of infanticide will increase. Unsafe abortion practices will rise. The already overpopulated unreliable foster care/adoption systems will be flooded with unwanted children. The numbers of female suicides may possibly be more prominent now than ever. So, what about these babies. They’re alive now, living beings, what will we do with them? Who will take care of them. Their mothers don’t want them, and they more than likely will begin to be resentful towards said children due to the fact that they are now forced to go full term with a child they never wanted. In the care system they’ll probably be moved from place to place until of legal age, more than likely facing poverty and abuse on the way. So what will we do? We’ll continue to find infants in trash heaps. You can say, “Keep your legs closed”. Maybe that’s true, however unwanted, unwilling, & accidental pregnancies will never cease to exist for multiple reasons. It’s unavoidable. What now? What’s the”Pro-Lifer’s” endgame? This shouldn’t even be a political issue, they’re acting on emotions, not logic.
A lot of men will dump and run now, so be prepared to be single mom after one nightstand
Awesome, with such an immature name on the law, good riddance
Victory. Evil women do not murder your babies
Put them in jail. Bunch of criminals.
Satan punching air, Moloch seething and Demons are crying.
Glad I can say I’m a down the middle moderate. All of the comments from both the left and right in this comment section are idiotic, toxic, and overall just out of anguish
Its simple if your not pregnant by force (15 weeks for abortion), don’t spread those LEGS!
The second men gain the ability to become pregnant they overturn our abortion rights - and they say women are the ones who are oppressed!
Why do women want to kill their babies?
meanwhile Ukraine is burning
If guys could get pregnant every single time they banged some radom lady from tinder there'd be an abortion clinic on every street corner offering them like candy
Thank you justices you did the right thing
Probably overturned it because whites are dying off
America has turned into a Christian Middle East, what a disgusting country. This has no effect on the politicians and rich fucks who backed this, they have the money to send their daughters/mistresses/victims to better states who actually respect reproductive rights to get abortions,  (which they DO do). Shame on them.
This is will be the kiss of death for the Republican Party.
why do these women care there too old to have sex
This is going to genetically make white people disappear. Black is more dominant than brown brown is more dominant than yellow and yellow is more dominant than white and white is the most recessive. I can't wait to see how this is going to turn out. Because this is not going to stop the blackout
Well now, all the demons can now move to hell (NY, OR, CA) where it'll still be legal
Sit the f down for abortion rights. Abortion banned completely and without apology.   We will erase even the memory of Roe. Every copy of Roe will be ripped from the books and be burned, while even mentioning Roe will be punishable by death. The whole world will never know that it ever even happened.
Can’t believe these losers don’t know about birth control in 2022
Wonderful!!!! Glory to God!!!!
just close your legs problem solved (your still allowed to have a abortion if you got raped or if your life is in danger)
This is an attack on our freedom.
The blood of women killed are now on their hands. I guarantee you murders will rise over unwanted pregnancy. Women won’t seek medical care out of fear. Bad bad things will come of this. Children of incest forced to have babies. Republicans are done.
Welcome to the Taliban USA
Oh no! There are going to be more black people people in our nation now :( What are we going to do
I was against abortion and then I took a arrow to the knee.
I’m pretty neutral with decision. I like the fact that now pregnant women must keep the child and focus on being a mother. That would slow or stop them from having their goals achieved. Less competitors on my plate and we need more pregnant women to work double jobs to support herself and her kids for the world. At least we’re getting these women to work hard for many businesses that needs more workers :)! God I love politics! Their goal here is to get more people to work as hard than ever! Plus sexism plays a role here as well if anyone haven’t noticed. An independent women would ruin America’s image since men are still better than women.
Cry about terminating the life of healthy unborn babies. These oftentimes are not even heterosexual females
All the tears are just making my year.
Now.  We need to repeal, no-fault divorce laws, repeal child support laws, etc.  We need to reestablish the importance of the nuclear family and how important it really is that every child should have a mother AND father present in the home every day.  Family values is one of the most important values of this nation.  Also, we need to repeal gun control laws so that both mothers and fathers have immunity from punishment when it comes to the protection of their offspring.
Now if we can only figure out what a woman is, we may get somewhere.
Welcome to 19th century USA  !!
Thank God Roe has been turned over to the states. 60 million innocent children have been murdered. May Roe be destroyed forever just as slavery was abolished.
Written June 24, 2022 I actually have no problem with this decision.  The thing I find interesting is how the two opposite political sided people shouting the No death stance think they’re different from each other.   This one chip says that people can never truly see what’s right or wrong for society in political terms and just feel it’s bad/good based on they’re personal beliefs.
if you don't want a baby use protection lmao
"Baby. Norma McCorvey, the plaintiff in Roe v. Wade, never had the abortion she was seeking. She gave her baby girl up for adoption..."
Who tf is Roe V. Wade?
If people were more responsible, then most of the abortions given wouldn't be necessary.  As a woman, I don't understand why we would allow ourselves to get pregnant if we didn't want kids.  Just keep your legs closed and buy a "toy."  It's less hassle than a relationship.
🤦🏽‍♀️Umm they didn’t make it illegal. They ruled it’s up to each individual state to decide. That’s how the constitution is designed to work. So many of y’all missed civics.   Nobody’s *choices* have been removed🙄 You can choose adoption. You can choose to be a parent. You can choose to abstain. You just cannot choose to murder it.
We Missed Our On-Ramp  In 2016 we missed our on-ramp - the one that would have taken us onto a new plateau of democracy. Imagine if, after the election, we had been watching a gathering of the likes of Emmanuel Macron, Angela Merkel, Justin Trudeau, and Hillary Clinton. Imagine if we had no Brexit, no Donald Trump, and a gagged and hog-tied Vladimir Putin. Imagine how most of us would have felt with the Trumpians, Putinites, and an assortment of other white and Christian nationalists and petty dictators left to lick their wounds and complain about the American political system. But instead, we picked a side road that took us down dark and dirty paths where no self-respecting human being and no proud American should want to go. And even though the election of Joe Biden gave us new hope, a world of corruption is still laughing in its beer at us and plotting to take us down the road to perdition as fast as it can, and no one seems to be doing what we need to do to stop it. Perhaps the whirlpool we are swirling in now is one we deserve. Maybe it was our karmic fate that we should make such a grave error in judgment. But when a large portion of the nation does not vote and a third of the country votes to sink the ship of state and then attacks our Capitol building, what can the rest of us do but wring our hands, pull our hair, and weep for the folly of our fellow Americans and what we know we may have lost? Hillary, oh Hillary, we left you twisting in the wind, and all that many of us could do was blame you for our sins. Woe is a people who do not recognize what is good for them or see the path they should take to an open road of freedom and wellbeing for all, and instead follows a path to anger, resentment, hate, and possibly the ultimate death of their republic. Hillary Clinton said that we are stronger together. Trump said that we need a wall to be safe. Walls do not make us safe, they divide us and make us cowards. Walls do not make us great, they make us weak. Walls do not protect us, they make shadows for us to hide in until the walls come tumbling down and we’re exposed for who we are. And who are we? Is Donald Trump who we are? Or was he just an aberration? If he was just an aberration and doesn’t represent who we are, and if, as Hillary said, we're stronger together, then it is past time for us to show who we are. If the true vision of America and what it means to be an American does not include the likes of Donald Trump, then we had better straighten up our backbones and do what we need to do to permanently ban this imposter and interloper from the People’s House and send him and his ilk to the exits, before the infestation he brought to it returns to destroy us all. Then we will be back on the road that will take us to the on-ramp that leads to where we belong as a free people in a truly democratic republic.   JRB
Need an acronym for new movement,    BLM ... Baby's Lives Matter  ... or ... CLM ... Children's Lives Matter?
Commies.
If anyone sees in news headlines that it’s a “constitutional right” then they should go to the us constitution and look up WHERE EXACTLY IT SAYS THAT. It was a law created in the 1970 not 1776 y’all are ridiculous
What's really disgusting, is ignoring the potentially millions of children murdered by women who couldn't face the responsibility of raising their child after having irresponsible sex. This generation has been desensitized to the sacredness of sex between a man and a woman, and ultimately destroying marriage and family. This society is literally self-destructing from its own selfishness. This country has become so egocentric, they are breeding their own demise, deconstructing our moral foundations. The oversexualization; everything has been disgustingly perverted.
Babies in the womb ARE living breathing people!
Alhumdulillah
Lots of celebratory parties this weekend.
it is so sad to see women thank  that Babys in the womb   dont matter and the sad thing is Someone tought these women this! I am praying that thay would change their minds. I am crying so hard for these women and what thay have gone through and that Someone helps them through 😭😭
What's with Democrats obsessed with murdering babies..... "Liberalism is a mental disorder" oh and they're miserable evil people that wishes everybody was as miserable as them.
Its a good day for the American ppl today
No matter what anyone's view is on abortion, I agree that the states should make their own laws regarding abortion.  There is nothing about abortion in the constitution, unless I am mistaken.
Maybe the Democrat establishment shouldnt have rigged their primary against Bernie Sanders - he probably had a better chance against Trump than the democrat establishment candidate's pick Hillary.  Why don't liberals complain about the death of democracy when the democrats rigged their primary in 2016?
If I get a girl pregnant. I would want her to get an abortion. I'm sadden by this choice.
just one question were any of these women required to register for selective service? no you say!  this is about feminism it's not about equal rights.
divide and conquer... we are all be played and we are falling for it
Oh no I’ll have to start being responsible and use protection, grow up people this is easily avoidable.
democrats need to realize that republicans are just evil. there's nothing you can do to reason with them. if you're an individual, organize, and protest. if you're a politician, do ***ANYTHING*** within your political power to remove republicans from power.
Invest in pennyroyal.
I think abortion is murder but I also believe this dose nothing. It's just forcing women in shady clinics. This is a step backwards in my opinion. How about improve the lives of citizens so they don't need to kill their baby. This is just dumb. They're trying to divide us. This is nothing more than a distraction. The economy is about to crash. It's going to make the 1930's depression look like paradise. Mark my words this will happen. Then they'll get rid of cash and totally control your life.
Wow! Women crying and screaming because they can't legally murder their unborn black babies! No wonder God said they will burn in Hell fire "forever and ever"!
Just a little FYI we can use herbs to end EARLY pregnancy. Look those up really quickly before  the internet blocks that off. Herbs that will induce bleeding.
It's time to close down horrid abortion clinics in Texas
They don’t want to take accountability. Yup our society is doom.
God wins.  Moloch team loses.
Babies now have a right to live ♥️👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
What a blessing to America and the world at large this ruling is. The unborn child is now legally recognised as having a right to life. I was sold a lie in High school and I am pleased to see that the tree that bore this has been cut down. It's time to plant something new that aligns with God's heart for men and women.
Oh give me a break with gun control bs
This is so much fun... this world smh. its hilarious !
So, let's be straight here. Removing Roe vs Wade just gave the ability for states to decide how to handle abortion and removed federal (tax payer) money from planned parenthood. I honestly dont see how that is a bad thing at all.  Why are people so upset? Just more fake news and political pandering?
Term limits for Justices and Congress.
I salute all the men & women celebrating the overturning of Roe vs Wade !  I will celebrate my daughters 50th birthday in 555 days!
You loose Ha Ha Ha.
well that's not good for the future.   Women are going to be finding a place to get the service they want regardless of what the Supreme Court judges say.   The only difference now is that the facilities are going to be in out of the way places and might not be sterilized but the Supreme Court judges are only concerned about their own wants and personal egos. Who cares if this Country is ripped in half, who cares about the women who are wanting these services.   The Polarized state of this country belongs to the Republican/Trump Party and theres already so much blood on their hands, but hey....trumie wants four more years to figure out how to successfully finish his Coup and become the Dictator of the United States.   The Supreme Court is going to destroy any and all Confidence by repealing set Precedence of multiple rulings and the American people have started to doubt this Hallowed Institution. Unfortunately, the Supreme Court judges such as Barret and Kavanaugh LIED to the Congress of the United States in order to get their appointment for Life. And they claim to be Christian. Like Hell they are faithful servants of trump and the Devil.
Victory!!
Can't wait to see the effects of this 🙃
There goes the separation of church and state, the Pro-theocracy Right is finally  able to force a child raped by her father to carry her incest fetus to term. Gawd bless Emurica........  And Canadian conservatives are the same.
Another great reason to be anti-religion. The religiously deluded just can't help themselves.
in the USA... the no voice BABY was at RISK from a murderous woman who took the right of a child to be born...  a loving and selfless soon-to-be-Mother would protect and love her child/her flesh to have LIFE, even at the risk of her own life....that's a Mother.   Those women marching for abortion have murderous hearts, no matter how that baby was conceived.  How many of you were conceived under dire circumstances and no matter...were given the right and loving gift to be allowed to be born and NOT murdered in the womb?
We gotta start impeachment on some of these judges!
Now women mad that other women are Pro Life
Hey to everyone saying the foster care system is bad, you’re all morons and this won’t effect it for this reason: ADOPTIONS FOR NEWBORNS HAVE WAITING LISTS MILES AND MILES LONG. Foster care is filled with OLDER KIDS who were raised by parents that failed to provide adequate care, but tried to. If you want to put your baby up for adoption to a PHENOMENAL home filled with parents who have been fighting for YEARS to get a newborn, you can.
Hooray for the innocent that will finally get a chance at life.
I feel bad for any guy who gets involved with these chicks
but...but...muh bortion rites
having lived during the times in this country of the daily death tolls from illegal abortion attempts, never in my wildest nightmares would I have thought that a political wing would turn their back on 50% of the population, and say that they have no rights over their own bodies, their own lives, their own pursuit of happiness.......  whatever promise of freedom this country once represented, those days of stability to the quest for freedom have been slapped down by some minimal minority of radical religious amerikan taliban who now decides for all of us, our collective direction.........  how sad.........
Hot girl summer was just cut short 😂😂
I have always believed in the right for women to choose- rather or not to have sex.
Big Win for conservatives oh Happy Day!!!!
so what's next? since women are children ....maybe take away nose rings? maybe all women have to wear dresses on Wednesday? lol....these so-called pro-lifers are such authoritarian assholes.
I haven't seen the left THIS mad since we freed their slaves.
Crazy america
Remember folks, God didn't invent abortions, but he did invent anal, swallowing, and spitting... You do have options! Be Safe!   *The More You Know*
Can anyone supportive of today's court opinion explain how a woman's decision - a woman they don't know and will never meet - affects them personally? Don't give me Bible verses or your cousin's abortion experience on Facebook. Just how it affects YOU.
Thank you TRUMP !!!!!
I have only hate in my heart for the people celebrating this. Real, genuine hate. I'm not religious, but I wish for them to rot in their hell when they die.
Why would you cry about not being able to abort your baby?
GOD BLESS AMERICA
Every woman who wants to get an abortion should have their babies and leave them on every pro life's door steps and let those jackasses take care of them...then let's hear what they have to say
I wonder how they would feel if they were raped by their dads.
Women have to beld accountable for their actions? How dare they
A great day for America. Now the next step should be red flag laws put on any woman that has been an outspoken pro choicer.
looks like womens gotta go back on the pill, lmfao. So, does this mean planned parenthood is dead in the water, so to speak?!
What about rape victims? Do people not know that this ban will force women to carry their attackers children...Anyone can be raped. Democratic or republicans
Don’t be mad, silly pro choicers. Roe vs Wade was just a clump of words.
Take a moment for all those unwanted people living on the street and in cars. It will become a much bigger problem with this decision.
I want to see pregnancy support, expanding child support, and the foster care system being better funded.
Nice
No shedding of innocent Blood. Psalm 106:38 read!!!
Sweet, sweet liberal tears 🍼
It doesn't affect me at all... because as a man I never had a choice,  ask my college girlfriend..... so you know what you are feeling right now ladies.... that's how I felt....
So when are we going to force men to have vasectomies, which they can reverse later if they want kids? Does that sound unthinkable to you? Then this should as well.
Get ready America. More rights to be taken away, they’re just getting started
Adults looking to be parents should just adopt if they want a kid, for one it’ll help give those kids a potential bright future in a stable home and there will be less of a worry for overpopulation. Also I love how psychotic people were before roe v wade was overturned regarding kids that don’t even have the cognitive abilities to know they are alive since they haven’t been born, yet don’t give a crap about those already in this unforgiving world that need help.
Life matters. Babies have a right to live no matter what the parent thinks or how they got there. Why should they have to suffer because of the injustice done to the parent or the selfishness the parent carry? Why should the baby be responsible for that? Let the rapist suffer not the baby! Take it out of the rapist, not the baby, please. But if you give your anger to God, he will grant justice on your behalf especially when you trust him. You can pursue justice lawfully and he will stand by your side. If you forgive the rapist who did this, you won't take it out on your child and God will bless you. It was never ever God's intent for you to be raped. God loves you and only intent is for you to prosper in health even as your soul prosper. That was an act caused by evil and evil will pay for what it's done. Okay so, let the record state, most willful abortion cases isn't from women that were raped and impregnated, but from women with the motive of selfishness which means basically, this overall is happening because mothers are not wanting to be responsible for their child and take responsibility for conceiving them. And dad, if you know you impregnated a women and want her to abort the baby, shame on you! Do you know no murder will go unjustified, even the anticipation of it? Without covering, it will come back to haunt you, punish you, and justice will be served on that baby's behalf. There is a God and he pays back what you give. Anyway, the baby being aborted while the act is happening feel and experience the dismembering, the deterioration, and the stabbing of their body that occur during the abortion. They feel that! Imagine if it was you that was aborted because your mom felt she couldn't or didn't want to raise you or be a part of it. Life is owed to the baby. Murder is never okay and it's not up to anyone nor the parents to do it. In the end, God wins and that is his baby before it is yours.
Hot girl summer just became luke warm. It’s hard to sell a generation of women sexual liberation without removing the typical consequences that would happen if the government didn’t enable people bad choices. If it wasn’t for child support alimony welfare abortions women probably wouldn’t be out busting it open so much without considering the cost. Women are upset because now they can’t just get knocked up by pookie and Ray Ray without consequences. I’m glad this happen. Both sexes need to stop being overly sexual and be responsible adults.
Now, if they can end gay marriages 🥳
If killing your unborn baby is called reproductive rights, then robbing a bank is called financial planning.
All this does is give the power to the states to decide on how to handle it.  What's the big deal?
The pro choice lady in green is just full of strawman arguments and projecting stereotypes. How can she possibly know what the other political leanings are of the people she is talking about. I cant see how it's not a prolife position to support personal gun ownership anyways. Sometimes you need a gun to protect your own life or the life of others from people who intend to do harm. That's the whole point of the right in the first place so it's pretty consistent anyways, to be both pro life and pro personal gun ownership.
Countless lives will be saved
Baby murder is okay because: *insert emotional argument here*
Smh I'm not falling into the trap at the of the day it's about the dividing the country left and right
Arkansas just banned it!!!💪😅
Oh no!  The wimp minded democrats will be using that laundered Ukraine money to burn down the country.
Wow only cuties on the pro abortion side, and raging freaks on the pro choice side.
It's hilarious that basically the entire western establishment sees abortion as a fundamental right when it's obviously not. Murdering your babies is evil and wrong, ladies, even if Boris Johnson and Emmanuel Macron say otherwise.
Democrats like Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi are saying abortion will be a big deal in November. The problem here is that those who would consider it will have to drive by a gas station on the way to vote or buy food!
The primal instincts of procreation are a very powerful force. Otherwise, the species won't survive. And there needs to be an enormous amount of direct responsibility and personal investment, by every generation, to socialize and develop those little new barbarians to join the civilized society.  Another way around the abortion issue:   Alternate enforcement of personal responsibility is done with the implantation of long-term contraceptives at puberty of both sexes unless a bond is posted that pays for an "accident." This performance bond insurance would provide financial support in the event of a divorce which would be costly for high-risk people. There would be a provision of parental liability for serious parental malpractice: substance abuse during pregnancy, liability for deciding the gender of the progeny that later feel enormous regret. No need to kill proto-humans.
Now that the Supreme Court has decided upon the consequences for women involved in unwanted pregnancies, what is the consequence for the men? Sterilization, castration?
Abortion is healthcare. Support women. Hug your mom.
The Donald is still winning!
Praise be to God!
17 states that see women as more than their genitals, 13 that don't and 20 that haven't decided either way.
This is what abortion leads to:  its 2055: ''Artificial Intelligence analyzing the Baby's DNA:....BRRR...BRRRR...analyzing probability of the baby being over 6 feet tall, looking like Johnny Depp and not being bald nor over-weight as an adult....BRRR.....probability: 23%. Woman: ''DAMN! well, i guess i'll abort this one. Maybe i'll have better luck with the next guy''....there MUST be responsibility, otherwise we will be heading towards a society we wouldn't want to live in.
Why are women so goddamn dramatic and emotional?
If only religion would die....
So many salty liberals that can't kill baby
People are idiots. This will NOT prevent a woman from getting an abortion. ALL it did was say that you don't have a RIGHT to MURDER a baby. Abortions in many if not most states will continue. But this is  HUGE win for the poor babies who never have a say about their own death.
I am writing this not for myself but for the Praise and Glory to my Father in Heaven Jesus Christ who Is the Way the Truth and the Life, Jesus did the most beautiful thing ever for us, He died, was buried and Resurrected. He is Alive Forever, He became the Ultimate Sacrifice and died for Our sins, all we have to do is Accept him as our Lord and Savior, Believe with all our heart what he did at the Cross and confess with our mouths and we shall be Saved for Eternity. 1 Corn 15: 1-4, Romans 10: 9-10, John 14:6, Eph 2:8-9 I am writing this because I love you and I do Not want you to go through The Tribulation or Perish in Hell for Eternity, I feel Our time is growing very Short so I must warn as many as I can.
Don’t get me wrong I’m in no way a supporter of femenism especially with the racism of maragaret Sanger but there’s still a line….
Imagine being happy and celebrating being able to control the lives of people who you don’t even know. What happened to you all about preaching don’t tread on me? what about the point of having separation of church and state? y’all arent pro life, you’re pro control
The end of feminism 🤣🤣🤣
We live in a country where people are outraged kids are killed in the classroom but those same people are also outraged they can’t kill kids in the womb.
This is horrific.  The Supreme Court has decreed women are second class citizens.  Women have been robbed of one of the most intrinsic civil rights:  bodily autonomy.   This decision clearly demonstrates the importance of keeping religion out of government.  This was not a carefully considered application of law.  Rather, it's a sanctimonious screed levied by closed-minded asshats.  They are so insecure in their beliefs, and so threatened by anything different, that the only way they can cope is to try and force everyone to live by their rules.  The worst part is their hypocrisy.  The more they fail to live by their own rules, the harder they work at foisting those rules upon others.   We must fight tooth and nail (metaphorically) until this absurd and heavy handed nonsense is overturned.  Then we need to amend the constitution to clearly spell out all of our rights, and establish that eliminating a right requires a two-thirds majority in the House and Senate, and ratification by three-fourths of the states.   Finally, just to give them a taste of their own medicine, we should pass a law that if you ejaculate anywhere other than a fertile vagina, you’re guilty of manslaughter.
Go president trump ! You did it yayy!!!!!!!!
Do not worry pro lifers we will always find ways to have abortions, there's nothing you can ever do to stop abortions.. so in the end you lose.. why don't you go cry to your god about it 😂
THANK GOD.. NO more blood of innocent childres. The devil has lost its power source over this nation!
if you force women to have children they don't want that child is going to grow up in an unloving distant household or be tossed in foster care. I feel as if the kids themselves would rather not have lived at all than be subject to a shitty upbringing.
You did it yes!!!!!!!!!!!!
The birth rate has fallin to its lowest in 40 years. Abortion rates are at an all time low. The USA is not at reproductive replacement rate. It’s not about saving babies it’s about having enough wage slave workers for the future collapsing economy.
Its all in the hands of individual states now right? Move to those state or be very selective about who you do the Horizontal Mambo with. I wonder if your president has any constitutional right to reverse this...
As a csa survivor this breaks me.
let women have a choice🥺
1:00 why she holding a hanger💀
When 50% of caucasian women get their tubes tied lets see how fast they reverse the decision. But on a serious note, since they say it should be left up to states and citizens, why not then require that states put it up to a vote. This would allow citizens to have a right to vote on the individual issue Instead of living under dictatorship by having a governor tell a woman or couple what they have to do with their bodies. If the voters of each state sign a petition in large numbers then it will have to be voted on as a ballot initiative/amendments. If not vote them all out. So they just overturned Roe but then will do nothing to ensure safer streets via gun violence for those same embryos. What a schizophrenic set of decisions!
What a glorious day, Thank you Jesus Christ.   Only Jesus can fill that void in your heart and give you peace, nothing else will be able to help. Repent and believe.  Romans 10:9 ESV because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.  Ask God to give you His Holy Spirit.  Luke 11:13 If you then, who are evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will the heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to those who ask him!”  Much love in Jesus name.
WOMEN CRYING BECAUSE THEY WON'T BE ABLE TO KILL THEIR OWN FLESH AND BLOOD?  HOW SICK!  Actually, women will still be able to kill their babies in God-forsaken states like NY and California!
The U.S. federal government will have to help and protect those who want to move because they are forced to have a safe abortion.  There will have to be heavy sentences against those who want to prevent this. The choice to ban abortion, made by medieval judges appointed by cultural illiterates, will have to be fought by civil society.
Justice for the unborn ✊
VICTORY against a culture of death. U.S. ranks in human rights for infants in the womb with North Korea and China. This is a step in the right direction!
The most ignorant and irresponsible people population is about to soar.  While the most intelligent and responsible people population will be more and more outnumbered.  Sounds like fun.  :)
When you push stuff down people’s throats it typically gets vomited out…. Same will happen with gay marriage and other progressive matters that were pushed thru the courts.  Get ready!!!
Allow me to make it sensible for you folks down there:  Fetuses develops consciousness between the 24th to 28th week of gestation. AKA before that, the babies aren't present to experience anything. Meanwhile pregnancies are first determined between 5th to 7th week. But the Supreme Court is trying to ban abortion entering the 6th week of pregnancy.  See where the inconsistency is with this abolishment? The Supreme Court just did a major blunder.
why so many women talking, shouldn't they be behind the kitchen cooking?
I though God gave up on america but then He does something like this!!!!!!!  Jesus is so good
Throw this whole country away and start over
Hey no sweat. I am pretty sure mexican cartels and other criminal syndicates will be able to mass produce abortion people as long as there is strong demand. Prostitution is illegal in almost all states but you can literally call an escort and invite to your house and its all legal
Congratulations! HYPOCRISY  always wins in America!
Roe v wade being overturned is the downfall to our humanity, no more going in raw, damn.
this is a mans world all you 304's better get in line
Dems like : we can't be free if we are forbidden to kill our unborn children... Who'd have guessed that some people think differently...
My first time really feeling good about the Supreme Court!
Tears fall down her face. the bird that once was free, is now, put back into its place.  "You have rights" they say. "We have progressed and changed" they claim. Seperation from church and state? How dare you sit there and lie to my face. When we all know well on what your decision was based.
Declining birthrates denying wage slaves to exist, thats what its all about you sensitive snowflakes
My question.  is suicide a human right also?🤔 Then why don't we create institutions that assist in people self murder for the sake of health and safety?
To hell with these awful anti abortion animals they don't care about children that exist and more unplanned pregnancies to term
Trump wins even out of office?
Is that AOC CALLING FOR A RIOT????
Just know, that without Roe v. Wade , our Country would be full blown Communist today.
Well more women for the rest of the guys that aren’t  dead beats and don’t pay child support and end up in jail happy day for sloppy seconds 🥲 lol I think I played my cards right to wait the possibility are endless now.
Thank you God! This Law should have never been passed by the Supreme Court! Now we have to make sure that our States abide by the Law Of God! Thou salt not Kill!
Those people out there are so melodramatic 🤣🤣🤣
Anyone know what the bounties are for the 6rs are yet?
THE RULING DID NOT END ABORTION. IT SENT THE ISSUE OF ABORTION BACK TO THE STATE LEGISLATURES AND THEIR CITIZENS TO DETERMINE IF THEY WANT ABORTION TO BE LEGAL OR NOT IN THEIR STATE.   Not sure why this simple concept is not understood or heard?! It does NOT take away any 'abortion rights'! It gives the power back to the states...who will decide to keep abortion or limit it or stop it. The Supreme court is correct. It is a State issue!
Everything in life is a choice. Babies “we won”🤍🤍🤍👍🏼
Thank you Ruth Bader Ginsberg for not retiring.
Christian Fundamentalists have been actively conspiring for decades to infiltrate and assume control of our civilized society.
Thank God for trump.
States rights States rights beautiful beautiful STATES RIGHTS!!!!
Today is a good day
Don't get pregnant unless you want  to be .. you're responsible for that life...it just ain't you anymore when you get pregnant.....think and stop being selfish and take responsibility unless you are raped or there are health concerns..
Honestly, all this will bring is OVERPOPULATION, back alley illegal ABORTIONS, swarms of unwanted babies thrown into FOSTER CARE, actually the end of Foster Care and the invention of basically baby raising facilities or "Baby Prisons". And you know how most kids come out of foster care... sexually abused, serious career criminals, sever mental disorders. Oh man, oh man, OH MAN!! The futures looking so Bright, I gotta wear shades!! HAHA!!
they swear like they band condoms it's your body your choice fix your own unprotected sex outside of marriage passion choices your way since it's your body do it yourself
Women get  a gun, since that seems the norm; and protect yourself from potential rape.
Why should a man get a vasectomy if they had consensual sex and he finds out that he’s going to be a dad with no choices?
Arm yourselves conservatives leftist rape gangs will be in the prowl
Let’s ban vegeterianism and etc too then!!! Wtf! Pro-eat! You have to eat that freaking cow or you disobey God for not eating it’s creation lmao
I’m pretty happy lol
that 'gun control' idiot woman, was lying thru her rotten teeth.
Awesome job girls! Options!  ProChoicers are idiots!
HAHAHAHA!!!! Suck on that DemoRATS!!
If a woman having too many children to care for is not government problem and she should have kept her legs closed blah blah blah, than it shouldn't be their problem if she has an abortion. Don't care after birth of child than don't care before birth. Let's see how many men celebrate when child support court comes after them for an unwanted child
Obama should have stopped them.
i love watching satan possessed women screaming and crying that they can't kill their babies anymore!
AOC loves abortion
God bless America 🇺🇸 🙏
Notice the type of women who are cheering at 0:08 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃.
Oh no.  You mean a woman might have to be inconvenienced and go to another state to murder her baby?  Unthinkable.
lololol get rekt dems! XD
I hope all Planned Parenthood locations turn into Spirit Halloweens. 🎃
Im happy that babies can fight back the selfishness of grown ups . That had babies out of wed lock . It became to easy for a women to have a one night stand on club night . Then say to her self . I still want to have fun . Im gonna get rid of this baby . It became to easy . So many lives lost in 43 years . I pray for the babies that didnt make it . And i hope that now women will think twice before they have unprotected sex . Noing that you cant just go and dump the baby off in a pile of dead babies .
So now what? We turn into a state like Gilead in Handmaiden's Tale??  UNDER HIS EYE 👀👀👀👀🚨
I hate the choice, but at the same time" WELCOME TO EQUALITY LADIES" a man has no choice in marriage or child support, so now you guys will know how it feels to have your life changed out of nowhere
“Pro life is about control” also her support gun control!” Like what pick a side
God gave us Free Will so we can choose out of our hearts to follow him. It is worth nothing if it is forced and not a choice.   1 Corinthians - Love... Does not insist in it's own way.
Let's all pray that we vote more Republicans in the office and we get rid of laws that are biased like this abortion laws shouldn't even exist they shouldn't even be thought of on the books if you got pregnant you're going to have your baby that's all there is to it you have safety valves in place now like the pill you shouldn't be having abortions with something like the pill
Women only now have ten forms of contraception instead of 11 in all states.  Men still only have two.  Women have it terrible.
Why don’t we see that the problem is not the Supreme Court but the citizens who consider the constitution as sacred. That document promise gun owners & sellers the right to sell or own all types of guns; but that right is others a denial to live in safety. To pro-life, constitution protects the unborn; but to pro-choice, the document gives mothers freedom to control their bodies. So, there is no solution under the constitution.
It wouldn't you know what that AOC would be involved with this one of the worst women in our government ever there's more that women in our government that shouldn't be there but AOC is a misrepresentation of what a woman should be
These women want what they want, when they want it… and you pay for it.  We need more women in the workforce, paying high taxes… and then they would stop voting for this crap.
Can’t wait for all the failed abortion news for the next few years, gruesome deaths here we come
Benedict, Susan, who stated “Caring While Killing: Nursing in the ‘Euthanasia’ Centers.” In Experience and Expression: Women, the Nazis, and the Holocaust, edited by Elizabeth R. Baer Traces the mass exterminations of the Holocaust back to the first secretive murder of a handicapped child in a Nazi-run medical clinic. Details the development and expansion of the T4 program and examines how the killing methods of euthanasia later evolved into the “Final Solution.”  Planned Parenthood, Is caring while killing, they will detect and treat various feminine cancers while sacrificing children in the womb of mothers they treat.  How
The world got a little less Evil today.  Good call SCOTUS!!!
Supreme Court = Welcome to Trump's Taliban .............
My wallet my choice baby murderer. A lot of hoes going to jail soon 😂😂 Yeshua is King
Trumps wins again baby!!!
Im so sorry for you all, the body should be governed by the wearer of the skin !
Time to put dirt on AOC and her followers !!
is it just me or does it seem like its mostly whit women that get really worked up over this...in my Latino house/fam, this isn't even a point of contention, abortion is no bueno!
Down with the baby killer abortionist groups. Abortion should only be used in very extreme circumstances and NOT TO BE USED AS AN SPORT BY THE ABORTIONISTS
6 to 3
Trump came thru on his election promises!  Best President Ever!!!!
Praise God
These narcissistic birthers care nothing about babies or people in general. They care about control over others. They don't want to spend any money on birth control so make it illegal for everyone. These narcissistic birthers don't even take care of their own children. Medical problems are always a good way for them to insert themselves into the equation to gain attention and control. It is unfortunate  the illiterate supreme court agrees with them. They need to dissolve the Supreme Court.
DEEZ H0E5 IS MAD 😂😂😂
Thank you Mr. President  trump
It's a great day for America  . I'm glad that roe vs wade has been overturned  .
If they care so much about kids... Why did they just allow free school lunch to be eliminated, after spending 2 years crying about all the children starving because they were being kept out of school during the pandemic?? Why did they discontinue the child tax credit for citizens, but grandfathered the tax credits for billion dollar corporations? Why did they shoot down universal preK and lowering child care costs? They only care the child is born...not if the child dies.
Breaking news-  The Supreme Court has banned viagra  It goes agains the will of God. If you can’t get it up your problem:
This is a great victory for basic human decency!
Let the leftist riots begin!
Welcom to the bronsage.... 🤮
Best Friday Ever! Saving Babies!!
My opinion is that when you have sex with someone, you actively take on the risk of a pregnancy. So an abortion fundamentally seems like "mistake-prevention," which isn't really something I stand by. Obviously there are exceptions like rape, bodily harm, etc. where that choice becomes viable, but not when you consciously make the decision to be sexually active.
All the heroes on here going to save the world by making sure you can kill children . Sure bad things could happen but that's to anyone I didn't have parents growing up wasn't wanted where I lived but they key word was lived so stop with the dramatics because Good and Bad is only possible but life is literally....
1983- Scared, homeless, jobless & pregnant. I was at rock bottom and now how would I raise a child? We’ve all fallen, we’ve all been down. My party friends encouraged me to do as they had done & “just get an abortion, it’s no big deal”.  I was raised Catholic. I knew Abortion was killing a real person. I couldn’t. I was desperate. I cried out to God. He rescued me. He sent a woman across my path who heard my story and opened her home to me and my baby. She taught me sewing, crocheting, gardening, and introduced me to Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior. She changed my life with a loving heart. Thank you, Eilene Childers. You are in heaven now, receiving your reward. I gave birth to a beautiful daughter. ✨✨She’s 37 today and has a nice family. Praise God, I chose life💕✨
The ad from live-action is sickening it was played before this video.
We all knew this was coming this court is so predictable!!!  This ruling essentialy turns women into a slaves of the state once they become pregnant.  It also continues blurring the line between the seperation of church and state.  This supreme court are a bunch of idealogical politicians in robes with lifetime appointments that is all they are.  We know how they will rule before they do, the false vale of impartiality has now been lifted forever and with it any remaining respect the court had.  If I was NY, CA and any other state who has stricter gun laws I would ignore their rulings!!!  They have no enforcement mechanism the only thing that gave their rulings power was the our belief that they were making decisions based on the law impartially without that they are nothing.
Hoes best keep their legs crossed !!!!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Imagine actually caring that some person you've never met aborted thier own bloodline...
Thank you Trump!
No Jobs at 9 in the morning ladies? Hmm.
Holding Women accountable for their mistakes like they do us Men...Oh Yesss!!! 😏
Repeal Roe v Wade and pass out the Automatic weapons.. We''ll get rid of them one way or another. More target practice for the unstable. Or use pickup trucks to run over peaceful demonstrators. RIGHT TO LIFE my butt.
I hope the Republicans are ready to up the bill on Welfare. Because that’s what’s going to happen when you have people having babies they can’t provide for. I love life, but we’re talking about people that can’t afford and possibly shouldn’t be having babies. People that are going to be bad mothers.
Conservative poor women get the most abortions, their husbands are gonna love trump even more now when they say " just go get an abortion...what? You can't?;?!?;?! I'm too poor to have another kid, I can't even afford condoms!!!!"
They're just mad that sleeping with jobless bums will now have life changing consequences.
Thy can't rais minimum wage they can't give us medical care they can't dropped college loans they can't fix homelessness they can't stop gun violence they can't controlling climate change they cant end wars but they pro life 😃 cool cool cool
How ridiculous. Abortion has been going on for CENTURIES. THEY HAVE ONLY MADE IT MORE DANGEROUS .
You will now have a mass exodus of young women moving to more liberal states.  They will also avoid moving to anti abortion states for college and work.
Ask yourself, “Am I happy that I was not aborted?” If that answer is yes, why do you think it’s okay to take away the chance of life from others?   If your answer is no, that’s a different problem…
Beautiful
Actual quote from protester. "They're not pro life, they're pro birth"  This is the idiocy we have allowed to dictate our country's morals.
I THOUGHT WE WERE A SECULAR COUNTRY?!? We’ve become more and more conservative!!
Cough civil war cough
Our great Governor of Oklahoma just certified the ban on abortion. We're the first to set foot on the moon and it's time for other states to follow. Let stop this slaughter of the unborn today. Don't delay, because babies are being murdered by the minute.
Let’s go Brandon…
Don’t want a child? Don’t have sex. There’s your choice thots.
Seeing all these prolifers, especially young ones, fills my heart with joy. Hooray for babies! 👏🎊🤗💕👶
The only good thing trump ever did was elect those three people
This is the direct blowback from the liberal extremists wanting abortion at nine months. This is nothing libs! Expect MORE!!!!!!
Vasectomies are next. My penis my choice.
🤣🤣All Rape and Incest victims forced to have the child get a free AR-15 and a MAGA hat. !!
Abortion is a human right. A fetus is not a person, and if it was I would still care about adult people more than fetuses.
Thank you orange man
BABY KILLERS.... REPENT OF YOUR SIN FOR YOUR HOUR OF JUDGMENT IS AT HAND !!!!!!!
We are not the “Anti-abortion” we are “Pro-life.” Stop gaslighting.
For all pro abortion(baby killers). Let people like biden make a kit so women can perform the abortion at home so medical facilities can be used to save and treat people who really need and want care. And youtube needs to make available a video showing how the baby is removed. On the other hand who would want a baby killer for a parent. But there are exceptions to every situation to be fair. Everybody is entitled to their opinion and voice, but in the end it is between you and God and his Son.
Women have the right to separate from their offspring at any time. As such they have the right to undergo an operation that keeps the fetus alive and places it in an incubator. Pro-life governments are free to raise the fetus./unwanted child.
That's BS it's not overturned, it only allows the state to figure out what it wants to do....and overturned means all 50 states abortion becomes illegal immediately.  Here we go with the left lying again
Legalizing abortion is like saying, “I have such strong emotions, that you get to die.” Putting feelings above life itself. God bless the United States Supreme Court, President Trump, and god bless America! A win for the sanctity of life, not the sanctity of your feelings! 06/24/22
Sad day for our country
Roasties seething right now
Oh noes! I'm going to face consequences for having seggsy times with my f***boi!  And cool your jets, this does NOT mean abortion was banned in the US.  That aside, yes I do think there should be exceptions allowed for extreme circumstances. However, a weekend romp when your parents aren't home is not an extreme circumstance.
What I can never wrap my head around is this: You can be pro-life/anti-abortion, whatever you wanna call it, that's fine. But WHY do people INSIST on making sure that every other person is subjective to THEIR way of thinking? You don't want an abortion? Okay fine, never get one. No one is making you. What right do you have to tell other people what they can or can not do though? Stay in you lane people, mind your own business. And for anyone curious/unaware, abortion rights fall under the 14th amendment and the 'right to privacy'. So yes, they're losing rights.   And don't even start with the 'they can just go to another state' argument. Some people can't afford that and they shouldn't have to. They can't afford to take off work, travel, have the procedure done (which may or may not be life threatening, which-once again-is none of your business).
Oh yeah these comments are gonna spicy.. let the outrage begin.
Hey look y'all. More division in America..   Thought y'all wanted unity?
Open carry.  No more abortion.  The tide has turned
The blonde at the beginning talking about how anti-abortionists such as herself are just trying to “let women know they have a choice,” bro by definition y’all are literally supporting the revoking of women’s choice lmao she kinda slow for that😂😂
They lied their appointments should not be legal … our current Supreme Court is a supreme joke
What a shitshow of a week. The world is laughing at us again. How much is it to immigrate to Canada?
,👏👏👏👏👏👏
The only people that support abortion have already been born. Abortion for irresponsible adults that just don’t want children is selfish. Emphasis on IRRESPONSIBLE!
So many teen girls are going to die. There is no god, and people should stop pretending that this is a christian country instead of a Free one.
How about all men shut their mouth about this. Men just walk away after sex, you know it, and I know it. This leaves women to deal with the 9 months of pregnancy, numerous doctors visits, morning sickness, painful birth, hospital bills, etc., then deciding what to do after the birth of the baby. Try to raise it, but what about the expense of chid care, who helps her with that? Who watches that child when it gets sick? Now the women has to take off work. I think maybe men should be made to get vasectomy’s instead. But then we would be telling men what to do with their bodies. That wouldn’t go over too good, right?
Hypocrisy at its worst!!!! This is illegal Trump disenfranchised 85million electoral votes back in 2016 all of this is illegal, fine tuning laws to one unlawful demographic is tyranny.
Decades of effort to correct a mistake by the supreme court!  Murder is not a right! Murder is not justified by feelings.  Our right to life comes from God. God gives life.  Abortion evolved from Civil Rights, Homosexual Rights, and Women's Rights movements.  It is a political decision based on feelings not on facts. The facts and science tell us abortion is a murder of a developing human being.  It is amazing how weak humans are when they face an avalanche of propaganda from the Left, Socialist, and Democrat-News stations!
Plan b stocks just went up
Abstinence. Condoms. Birth control pills. Morning after pills. IUD's. Rhythm method. Tubal ligation. Vasectomy. Pregnancy tests. Adoption. That's 10 options I can think of. All available in all 50 states.
I can hear the REEEEEEEE from here
I’m still at a loss for how women think murder is a right they should have.
There’s so many criminals and lower quality people, that I think if those people would have been aborted, we all would be better off
Overly emotional women at a rally is a horrible way to get their opinions
If people wanna kill their unborn child. Hell let them deal with God later.
About time we start pushing back the left.
This will by no means stop abortions. Women will still take the lives of the innocent. This may be a small victory for Americans, but evil is long as the day.
Thou shall not kill! You can’t put it any plainer than that! Only God gives life and only God can take life. We’re all going to stand before God and give an account for the things we’ve done and for the things we didn’t do and some will have to give an account for the innocent blood they’ve shed. The Bible says it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God. Repent today and be saved because you may not have tomorrow. I’m glad l did. The only regret I have is that I didn’t repent sooner! Choose life! God doesn’t make mistakes
Had to throw that "breathing" in with living, so you didn't make yourself look foolish. Life in the womb, is a life in the womb. A helpless life at that, look any kid born after this in the face, and tell them you would have killed them.... That's equal to what you're fighting for!!!
If a woman doesn't want to be pregnant then that's her choice. I understand that you trumpies' believe that there is a man in the sky who tells you that abortion is bad, but the rest of us don't. This horrible country can barely support the children it already has. Ask any of one of us in the newer generations- most of us would have preferred not to be born into this Capitalist nightmare country where you people stumble around and ruin the world a little more each year.
AOC makes me sick.
This is ludicrous, this is against human rights 100%
All I can say is, I think a lot of women are going to die.
Oh this is gonna be fun. 2022&2023 We dont make them wives we make them single mothers.
Based
They better start implementing baby boxes, or there will be many more newborns left to die in terrible places.
You can not  be for Government mandated pregnancy and personal freedom at the same time
The pro choice woman had such a great point
All the men need to overturn CHILD SUPPORT lol... I'll call it Thirsty Folks Vs. My Wallet. Stop unwanted payments LOL !!!!
Roe vs Wade has been officially overturned by The Supreme Court.  The Father, Son and Holy Spirit have SPOKEN!!!  "The wicked will see it and be grieved. They will gnash with their teeth and melt away. The desire of the wicked will perish!" Psalms 112:10
Did they intentionally choose the dumbest people they could talk to that supports being pro-choice? I thought this was a left-wing channel. You couldn't find ONE intelligent, coherent person to talk to? If I was on the fence about this, I'd go pro-life just based on how incredibly stupid (and obnoxious) the pro-choicers appear to be.
My biggest problem with banning abortion is that the degenerates in government wont provide proper sex education. It just creates more unwanted pregnancies. America is shooting itself in the foot and the old fuckers in government aren’t the ones that are going to deal with the consequences.
America is absolutely fucked.
"Thou shalt not murder." Commandment #6.
Who cares
What a great victory ✌️!
I dont care. GIMEE WEED OR GIVE ME DEATH!!!!!!!
The lady with the green bandana is too stupid to make a valid point😂😂😂😂
Too Bad our publiK sKoolZ don't teach civics & the Constitution since the communist / democrats came into power !  But This is GOOD NEWS For Americans This Decision on Killing Unborn means Most Americans are Not Bloodthirsty Baby Killers, and Americans also have the Right To Bear Arms When Baby Killers start their Violence !
Hahahahahahahaha sweet victory
It's not at all surprising that the only people advocating for abolition of abortion rights are old Bible thumpers and white hicks. Unfortunately they're the loudest most obnoxious people in America.
It is a great day in America.
I never understood how republicans claim to be anti big government and yet constantly vote for things that give the government more control💀
all 3 trump judges LIED during their confirmation hearings!!!!!   isn't perjury a crime!!!?????
Stop getting pregnant so much 😂😂
I hate America😪
Yay!! Save the babies! End the genocide.   Now close down all planned parenthood’s and outlaw abortion in every state ❤️🙏
And it was around that time that The Handmaid's Tale became a living reality for American women.
0:12 I can’t wait for those three straight off the convent hussies to get forced into a marriage their parents pre-planed for them and realize what they’ve done when they’re carrying a child by a man they didn’t choose. I’ll have this video waiting for them at the very moment they realized what they’ve done.
"The unborn" are a convenient group of people to advocate for. They never make demands of you; they are morally uncomplicated, unlike orphans, they don't need money, education, or childcare; they allow you to feel good about yourself without any work at creating or maintaining relationships; and when they are born, you can forget about them, because they cease to be unborn. It's almost as if, by being born, they have died to you. You can love the unborn and advocate for them without substantially challenging your own wealth, power, or privilege, without re-imagining social structures, apologizing, or making reparations to anyone. They are, in short, the perfect people to love if you want to claim you love Jesus but actually dislike people who breathe. -Pastor David Barnhart
After Casey, the mistakes made by the pro-life movement were so great and the demoralization so extensive this decision did even seem in the realm of the possible.
ABORT  THE   BIDENS  !!!!!!!!!!!!!
" get a vasectomy " best chant ever .
Why not hold a referendum? To vote on this singular issue and then get a true indication from the populace?
Life RULES 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
Wow.... on the day judgement Allah will bring that child infront of you and it will ask you that for what reason you killed your own child!!! This is what feminists want?, to kill your own child, how can you even think about that...
Now it time to put your money where your mouth is and start adopting these unwanted children from people that can't afford or have no interest in raising a child.... Yea, didn't think so, and grats on making the dangerous black market abortion racket a thing again.   I wonder how many homeless people they walk by to get to this protest that desperately need help now with zero F's given. I'm very curious, at what point do you stop caring about people, is it after birth, or maybe 18 is when they simply don't matter. If we lived in a society where every child was taken care of properly and every adult as well then I would be on your side, but that is not reality, at least not the one we live in.
To the seething Orcs in the comments that are screeching that unborn babies are not human and have no rights...go and destroy the eggs of bald eagles,  sea turtle nests or california condors.  Tell the department of natural resources officer that arrests you that they weren't animals yet and you did nothing wrong.
This same energy of anti abortion should be the same for all living children such as the massive shooting that constantly keeps taking place in this country. Just my🤔
This is about punishing women for having sex. Men have no accountability in this. Very old school thinking.
All this just to say it’s a “miscarriage” when their unwanted pregnancy rolls around.
The SCOTUS didn't ban aßortions, with this ruling, it just leaves it up to each of the 50 states to decide if they will allow aßortions within their own borders?
What a mess....our country is being taken apart piece by piece. Abortions should be left up to the person that is considering it....much like breast or butt implants.
Thank God for this! Children everywhere have a right to be born and to live. And Americans have the right to defend themselves.
That's right girls: you'll need to use another option for birth control😀👍
It is a pro-life decision to allow law abiding citizens to carry guns to protect themselves from criminal that would take their life. Do these people really think the criminals were abiding by the law that said they were not allowed to carry a gun? These people have the mind of children.
Prise the lord and thank you Trump
I just think it's not worth it to outlaw abortion when this world is so imperfect. If childbirth wasn't dangerous, if protection always worked, if rape wasn't a thing, if sex trafficking didn't exist, if the foster care system was better funded, if abuse was less common in foster homes and in non-broken homes, if every abandoned child was adopted, if sexual education was more widespread and better taught, if peer pressure didn't exist, if drug addictions weren't a thing, if school lunch was free, if poverty didn't exist, etc. If all of these things were true, I would be pro-life. But it's not, and we need to decide that potential isn't worth throwing away what's already here. Let women make the choice. If you hate the idea of abortion, just don't get one, and teach those around you not to get one. Don't strip a right away from everyone. Update: Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is suing the Biden Administration over a new mandate that abortions be performed in emergencies. Emergencies. Please reconsider the side you are on
Awesome
Thousands of women are going to die from this
Imagine believing so firmly in a talking point made up in the 80s to distract from pro segregation opinions. Couldn’t be me
Why are the ones on the left always uglier lol. Need more attractive democrats.  Im not a republican/conservative but really, why are conservatives better looking. These chicks for abortion shouldnt be getting pregnant.  Some guys needs to boost their standards.
Human life is sacred. Everyone has the right to live. From the Uvalde children that were killed because of stupid gun laws, to the unborn babies that are killed because their parents are too irresponsible to use birth control.
Bless you trump
If any of you weak, cuk, f’nist wanna “fight for your rights”, then take up arms n do so. People like me want you to do that
Where did all these people come from do fast after the decision?   Does nobody go to school or work?
What does this mean? Did they ban abortions?
Anybody who wants to get a vasectomy because of this is doing so because of a mindset around abortion that I would be glad to see *not* be propagated to another generation. Let them get a vasectomy. The less the merrier.
Half of the States will outlaw abortion immediately and most of the States in the heart of America will have to travel over a thousand miles to get an abortion. There will be hundreds and thousands of girls that will be unable to make that journey start googling things like how to cause a miscarriage, to try and never let people know they got pregnant because they are in the places where abortion is not just not possible but is criminal. It also means that if they cross state lines to get an abortion, they technically have committed a Federal crime, because it is against the law to travel across state lines to commit a crime and abortion will be a crime. There will be new court cases on this topic that by ridding us of Federal protection, we have divided the Nation in half just like slavery. We really have gone back 150 years. Just like the people that fed the underground railroad were felons, so will anyone who supports a woman crossing state lines to get an abortion, every act of it will be a criminal act. This has never been about being pro-choice or pro-life, but instead, we have decided for everyone else how they should live and how we want to see what is the responsibility of maturing. I don't believe in abortion, but I also don't believe forcing women to give birth to unwanted children is a healthy option for society as a whole. I believe this decision by the Supreme Court has literally set the stage for there to be another violent struggle over the rights of all Americans and the rights of States themselves to force their beliefs upon their population. This has the potential to be just as destructive to our country as the topic of slavery, and we have essentially reestablished the Free states and the Slave States.
Thots: Patrolled
Albany Supreme Court Justices knows in their heart that they are killing a baby when they aborted and the Constitution does not permit us to kill each other so they should never have put it down for a decision on the state-level they should have bailed abortion in all 50 states
I don't really know if there are any exemptions, I think they mentioned mother's life or some other medical issues. But in a very regular case when people have unprotected sex and then baby has to pay for their pleasure - that is way beyond my understanding. This is not a third world country, we have high level contraceptives - if you are not ready for the child - simply protect yourself from it. Plus abortion is not a healthy thing. Women end up with tons of complications, which can lead to infertility, cancer and other serious illnesses. It is so easy to protect yourself, really.
Lmao pro lifers are right up there with flat earthers
I don't know why all you people are celebrating they have done nothing to achieve nothing these cowards in the Supreme Court make me sick
America should be divided into two country, one blue, one red.
Finally, we have to stand up to the left more often, this was 1 step in the right direction for stopping the genocide of 1 million babies per year in the USA alone
Insider "News" this decision did not end abortion. Stop pushing falsehoods. It gave states the right to regulate abortion as they see fit.
If people don't want to have a baby, but still end up getting pregnant, what will they do? What if their method of birth control fails? With this ruling people will be forced have to have the baby, and consequently their lives could permanently be destroyed. If a girl is r@ped, and she got pregnant, what will she do? With this ruling, nothing. Roe vs. Wade needs to be reinstated.
Drop off all the rapist’s babies on the conservatives doorstep, they will take care of them from now on
Bunch of quacks
Glory to God!!!!!! Alleluia!!!🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😉
I enjoy watching both sides go at it lol
When the people in power and who are so vehemently against abortion truly back up their convictions with evidence by raising these children, providing food, healthcare, shelter, clothing  for the mothers and the children I’ll listen.   Unfortunaley too many pro-life people hate the poor- they gripe about our taxes paying for the poor shelter, food and healthcare.   What about free childcare so the mothers can go tonwork and earn livable wages to raise the child? You gonna babysit for them without charge?   Providing universal healthcare, free birth control, would be a huge step towards reducing abortions.
Hahahahahaha 😂
Shame on them! SCOTUS got this one WRONG by allowing their ideology to overpower the weight of  public sentiment, precedent and sound legal reasoning. We deserve better than this!
And again these protesters will say that it’s mandatory that I get a vaccine in order to eat at a restaurant in New York… Therefore it is not my body and it is not my choice… Some airheaded blonde also said that this is about living breathing human beings that are being affected… Sweetheart, an unborn baby does live in breathe as well… They inhale and breathe amniotic fluid… Take a basic biology class… Maybe go get a job after you take a bath.  Later losers!
Thank you 45! 🇺🇸
This is a monumental system in and of the era move into conservatism. Im worried. The system works. It has for centuries.  Ah the 20's here again. 1929. Comes. Around again soon enough.
I’m heading the Capitol building in austin to protest the ruling.  Starts at 5 CT.
I can tell you exactly how this’ll go down over the next few years, the left states will allow abortions, and have the same level of crime they have for years maybe a little more from other states. Right states will ban abortions and some will also ban contraceptive then their crime rates will spike and people will want to move out from those states to pro-abortion states. Couple this with the rise in illegal abortions, not dissimilar to what happened in the prohibition, and the anti-abortion states will change their laws or eventually an amendment or bill from congress will be passed. I’m gonna assume it’ll have to be passed at that point whether or not the president at the time is left or right to help reelection chances. From there, based on this case, the SCOTUS won’t be able to deny it left or right because it isn’t mentioned in the constitution and thus passes. It doesn’t matter how you look at it, this is how things will be
Hate this country so much
Raise child support. Men should take responsibility for their actions from the point of conception.
Congrats...they've now sentenced many women to death because people can't abort fetuses that are a danger to their health, and from unsafe abortions. Because of the formula shortage, forced babies are likely to starve to death. We will see a rise of dumpster babies again. More kids will suffer mental abuse because they will be raised with parents who don't want them. This is just to name a few of the reasons the decision to overturn the right to abortion is a HUGE mistake.
Christians need to leave and go make their own country. Get the duck out of ours.
All these craze religious pro life women thinking they are doing a service to women. What's next? Taking our right to use birth control??! Shame on all you women that say they have "prayed and fought" for this to be overturned, you have no clue how messed up in the head you have to be to feel you have a say in other women's bodies.
These western societies need to fight against fornication, promiscuity, pornography. Abortion is a side affect of these immoral practices.
All that overturning Roe does is make it so Abortion laws are decided state by state, rather than a right to abortion being legal nationally. It doesn’t make abortion illegal in the us, just that the laws governing abortion (which month is is legal, etc) are decided by individual state legislatures or ballot measures, etc. There will still be lots of abortions in the us, don’t worry.
Females handing their rights away, have fun being forced to carry something you hate
The baby thats inside your body is a living breathing human body.
I will never understand, never, the human condition where a female wants to get rid of the “problem” that is now in her uterus. Can someone explain it to me? Please? Why grown men protest the right to an abortion. I really feel like I’m missing something. Is there some secret agenda that I’m not aware of? Single mothers who are pro-choice? Can someone explain that? Are there any pro-choice women out there that are married and going to an infertility specialist? I’d like a comment from you. Are there any pro-choice women out there that have actually seen a child be born? I mean like right there. Like you cut the umbilical cord right there? I have 2 sisters who have had abortions because it was an “inconvenience”. Is that what this is all about? An easy fix to a lifelong problem? Anxiously waiting to read your comments because I need someone to enlighten me.
all these delinquent children running around raising crime rates and yall want more of that? lol Ok.
Great job!!
FOOLS PROTECT THE BABY
Looks like there are going to be a lot of unwanted, unloved children screwing up the US in future. As though there weren't already enough school shooters. Maybe it's better to not be born than to live in such a society.
Ummmm if Abortion is as popular as you unstable leftist claim you should have no problem getting laws passed at the State Level, that is all this did. Try acting like adults for a couple of minutes at least!
Most if not all of these people do not understand what the Supreme Court actually said , they are handing back to the states to decide individually whether to allow abortion or not . What's not fair about that ? Last time I checked we are all allowed to travel freely in between states. If you want and abortion, go to a state that allows it.
There is nothing momentous about abortion. Abortion is not defended in the Constitution.  Women who do not want to be a mother should have a tubal ligation.
They care more about unborn babies rather than the babies getting slaughtered in schools
Women celebrating having their own rights taken away baffles me
shouldn’t be having sex if you don’t want a baby and if you still do you should have to take care of it
So, everyone on all sides needs to know that this was not necessarily “overturned.” You want to overturn this to the fullest extent, you need to establish a theocracy. That just isn’t going to happen, and I don’t even want that even as a christian. This was only reduced to a states rights issue and that’s it. Nothing more, nothing else. Studies already show that 8,000-16,000 women will head to California for their procedures. There’s really nothing for the pro life snd the pro choice to worry about. You guys can have your echo chambers in certain regions of the country.
Now I'm allowed to use guns to prevent my family from having any abortions.
60 million abortions later, The age of irresponsibility is over
🍿🤣🥤
The pro abortion people think that they won't be able to do what they want . This only takes the federal government out of the equation.. and puts it back to a state by state level.. Giving the residents of each state to decide what goes on.. Leave it to the left to dramatize everything..
I have 2 kids, because guess what, me and my wife “did it” and that’s what happens. If you are so worried about abortion, stop having sex. Problem solved.
I’m pro abortion. More people should have them!!! Not everyone needs to be a parent, honestly a lot of people make shitty parents. Family planning is an option, and we should have the option to CHOOSE when we want to start and are financially able to have a family.
TEXAS! ABORTIONS NO MORE! WOOT WOOT! DEMS HAVENT BEEN THIS MAD SINCE WE TOOK AWAY THEIR SLAVES!
I find it so funny how republicans are so anti-government control and against intervention through most issues, (which I typically agree with) but as soon as it comes to women's rights they want as many restrictions imposed as possible. I don't particularly identify myself with either party but the ignorance here makes me sick.
Tuff for those 304 getting cream-pie😮‍💨😂
Sick people , it's unreal that people go batshit crazy because they think they can't kill their own children before they're born so they don't have to be responsible for their actions.
Why do liberal women look so weird lol
The majority of Americans (over 65%) were in favor of NOT overturning Roe v. Wade.  But sure let's cater to politicos, the radical religious right, and ideologues.  And you also have 5 justices that lied under oath saying that they would uphold the law as a matter of precedent.  They LIED UNDER OATH!
They didn't "overturn" a damned thing!  They turned the power  back over to the individual States, which is where it belongs!
All overturning Roe mean is that Abortion laws are decided state by state, rather than a right to abortion being legal nationally. It doesn’t make abortion illegal in the us, just that it’s decided state by state.
What about the girls who are sexually assaulted and have baby’s it’s not fair as well as the babies that aren’t even cared for that just die from no food or no care
ChUrCh FrOm StAtE! wOmEn’S cHoIcE! rIgHt To PrIvAcY!   Ah yes, the pro-life side is brainwashed and one note.
Good I'm glad now women will know what it's like to take responsibility for their choices for the first time in their life not just men when it comes to sex.
I only want my tax money to help corporations who make bad decisions and to make pro-life bombs and pro-life drones!! I'm pro-life which is why I think we need to beef up our military!! I'm pro-life thats why I don't think we should try and solve homeless issues and we should just have them arrested instead. PRO-LIFE BABY!! I'm pro-life which is why I don't think we should make health care free or even affordable!! I'm pro-life which is why I don't think we should make child care affordable. I'm pro-life which is why I'd rather just get used to kids dying in schools rather than have ANY gun control!!!
That's your opinion thank God this brutal evil act has been done away with
God has spoken and judgment is set!
Dicks in suits should not have control over what women can and can not do with their bodies.
Get off it.  It was the right Constitutional decision.  Roe was UnConstitutional from the very beginning.
Men can also protest and say you know what, I don't want to sleep with you lol. Then no baby mama drama lol. Imagine if all men just said no to sex then there would be no need for the dumb abortion protests and soon to be riots over the stupid protests, but hey we live spicy times where people can't even define what a woman is yet they want women's reproductive rights. We live in clown world.
That's what happens when you appoint losing candidates to run for president. But you no choice now nominate Kamala for president.
Cope and seethe baby killers, cope and seethe
So we are facing high inflations, the stock markets is crashing because of the Russia Ukraine war and inflation, and these m0r0ns think increasing the human population is a good thing?  these are the same m0r0ns that will be crying in the streets when they realize how bad the country has gotten with hundreds of thousands of unwanted children in the foster care system.
It’s a sin to murder the unborn, but it’s not a sin at times (depending on how you feel that day) to murder the born? 🤔 Confusing times that we live in.
you can say what you want about President Trump, but the most evil act in America has been struck down directly because of him. lets bring him back. MAGA
You can support the 2nd ammendment and be pro-life.  A citizen who follows the law doesn't carry a firearm with the intent to harm others in mind.  A law-abiding citizen carries with the intent to protect their life and that of others from those who have already made the decision to cause serious or mortal injury to said law-abiding citizen or bystanders, and are actively acting upon said decision.
Most of the pro choice broads never have to worry about abortion. Who’s gunna stick a green haired feminist in 2022?
When you’re at the polls, remember this moment that you don’t have rights as a woman. A bunch of old men & women makes choices for you.
As a pregnant 🫃 male I find this outrageous!
Ha ha ha ha ha blue haired libitards losing their freaking minds!
I don't understand banning abortion. How about instead of forcing women to have a child they may or may not want we give them more options. Abortion is still on the table, but we also give women additional resources like financial and emotional support, etc. Maybe if we gave pregnant women help so many people wouldn't want or need to abort. But you can't force someone to go through 9 months of pregnancy. That is fucked.
Disgusted seeing those women cheering about their rights being taken away. What a sad sad day for America.
Did the baby formula situation get fixed as yet?
Why is this a bad thing again? If you want to have sex, but don't want kids wear a condom or use birth control. Besides there are still states that allow abortions just move there if it such a big deal.
you want to not be responsible for a child? keep your flipping legs closed! abortion is murder period! God has made human life in his image and to abort a child is to disrespect Gods creation, God can use anyone he wants to do his will and to serve him in any way he pleases. God is not mocked. you better be thankful that God has held back his judgment on this nation because abortion is no different than stabbing someone out on the street or firing w weapon at someone intentionally. thank God for his mercy. but don't think he can't judge us, judgment day is coming eventually and every knee will bow and every tong will confess that Jesus is LORD. you better make the decision to fallow Jesus because when that day comes, if you haven't repented it will be too late, choose Jesus now, today is the day of salvation 🙏
i'm looking forward to seeing the fall of the united states of america being taught in schools in the future
To the lady in the green scarf around her red hair, open carry  has been legal in most states.  Its pretty sad they dont even know what the heck they are talking about. They are going with the "flow"'. Everyone who is a law abiding citizen has that right to carry a weapon, for protection...period. 2nd admendment is not about hunting its about our right to protect ourselves.
Why not put abortion on the ballot and let Americans decide on it?
This is great. Next We need to ban guns.😀
Tbh not every parent deserves a child
You want to abort a life ? ? ? then go to a State that allows it OR scissor your girlfriend next time.
I believe that I would support passing a law that kept guns out of the hands of women that would kill their unborn children.
Kavanagh the rapist
Choose life.,...life is good!
Man all this hypocrisy makes me laugh, always the same excuse to have an abortion. Maybe if you were more responsible you wouldn't have to get an abortion. Don't want to get pregnant? Don't have sex? Want to have sex and not get pregnant at the moment but want to have a child in the future? Pull out, use a condom, anal sex, get an iud implant, take a pill. Don't want to have kids, but want to have sex? Get a vasectomy for the man and tubal ligation for the woman. What If the mother doesn't want her child, but her significant other does? What If the man doesn't want his child, but the mother does? Where's the equality? smh
Don't spread your legs for people you don't want impregnating you - or use protection.
USA just keeps going down hill 😂 this country ass
These r the same people who don't believe in social services
Disgusting that people are celebrating this
Universal healthcare? Didn’t see that in the bill of rights. Beside the gov screws up everything it touches you really want them taking over health care. Look at how the VA is ran.
Tomorrow it will be back to attacking president trump.. we are winning
Awesome! It was time
Is that aoc jumping around @0:25 how can a active member of congress allowed to show up to a protest shouldn't she be working?
Just wanted to tell everyone floosy woman out there who can keep it in her pants  !!!! Either use a condom or wait till marriage!!! Stop putting rape as an excuse !! Tell the truth
I don't trust anyone who is emotional in their decision making, especially on important issues like this. And that is why I distrust both sides of the issue and fall somewhere in the middle.   Obviously life starts at conception, it is basic science, therefore performing an abortion is ending a human life. But for those who are desperate enough there is nothing stopping them from having an abortion done. For those with money they can travel to another state/country to have the abortion performed and sadly for those without money, those who are most likely to be desperate and desiring an abortion in the first place they will be forced to turn to grotesque methods that put their own life at risk.   The best option is to prohibit late term abortions, except when absolutely necessary, and do everything you can to prevent women from having to feel like their only way out is to murder their own child. Better access to contraception for starters, and better education on how to use it (I never once had a sexual education class in all of high school. I had a brief class in the 6th grade when I was much too young and uninterested in girls to understand what they were talking about in the first place). And long term build programs that help support families starting out, especially single women who are the ones most likely to have abortions in the first place.
so you can choose your gender but not this???? What am I missing LOL
Glad this happened. You shouldnt be allowed to kill your unborn child because you made a dumb decision.
i hate it when people push their beliefs on others, you should have a right to believe in what u want to believe in.this country is going to hell in a hand basket as they say.
"My body my choice" these are the same people who called for mandatory vaccines, just thought that was funny lol I saw my sister in law saying that
Life wins! Now let's hope all the leftists move out of red states and into states that also think killing the unborn is ok
It’s “my body my choice” but they’re chanting “get a vasectomy” lol can’t fix stupid.
How is open carry anti life exactly?
This could be an important step in the eventual split of the United States. It will lead more people to choose states of residence based on political affiliation. The more homogenous each state is (conservative or leftist), the easier it will be to eventually secede. I hope that my state and several others in our geographic area will secede in my life time, as I'm tired of enduring leftist lunacy and I'd rather not pay to save the failed state of California from it's own bad decisions. A successful nation-state must be more politically and culturally similar than we see in the United States today. Leftists have been given foothold in the US and will not stop pushing for societal destruction. Demographically, it's impossible to stop, can only secede and put up a wall.
Well, the abortion rights protestor immediately started talking about other unrelated issues, so I really want to give this point to Gryffindor. I mean the anti-abortion protestor.
DON'T AGREE WITH ABORTION AND I DON'T ENCOURAGE NO ONE TO DO IT! BUT THAT'S YOUR PERSONAL DECISION!  THAT'S YOUR LIFE! THAT IS YOUR BODY! THAT IS YOUR KARMA!  I HAVE NO BUSINESS SUPERVISING OR INTERVENING NO ONE ELSE'S LIVES, THAT DOES NOT AFFECT ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM!!
0:14 Not her talking out of her ass. How is this giving women a choice? A choice to do what? No one’s forcing women to get abortions
I’m not privy to all the details but it’s good to know it’s on a state to state basis so that options aren’t condemned for both sides.  The blanketed yes or no decision usually isn’t the greatest way to solve issues.
Supreme Court supports the Constitution…. Not people’ desire to have their poor decisions and deviant lifestyles validated.
Hope the country is ready for the backlash. Marginalizing women is very 19th century-- and the fact there are evangelical women signing on to support it lets us all know how toxic a radical religious upbringing can be in our border for womens' rights. Might as usher in Sharia Law. (tongue-in-cheek for all the far right conservatives that fought against it 20 years ago.
So how many of these anti-abortion supporters support gun control laws after... * checks notes * the 1,000 ish shootings that have on school campus' over the past decade?  You know, since they care about children's lives so much?
Please someone answer this question : what is a woman?
Time for President Biden to expand and stack the supreme Court.
Allahu Akbar
This is horrible
Well there's an old saying...mess with the bull you get the horns....I am willing to bet that every single person who is really upset about this supports mandatory vaccinations and passports essentially stripping everyone else of their right to choice. Now you wanna cry my body my choice.....the laws aren't just for you.....laughing hard right now....in fact I'm gonna throw a BBQ this weekend.....in your faces DNC Zombie Cult!!!!!
I love all the people commenting about not having sex are definitely admitting they have a terrible sex life if one at all LOL! Man, what a sad life you all live.  "Watch out, the fun police have arrived! Everyone put on your robes so the men aren't tempted by our physical form! They're not in control of their urges." Trying to out Middle East, the Middle East. This is where we are.
L.M.F.A.O.  ! Funny how liberals care about women's rights when it comes to killing babies but nothing else . Liberals tell me what a woman is.
Would you be fine with any limitations for abortion if we just made an exception for cases of rape or incest or the mother’s health? If not, then this isn’t about those things, and your arguments are invalid.
Thank God that such a horrible thing was ever a FEDERAL LAW.....
At least justice for all the babies were killed 🥲 God give the life and nobody has right to kill an inocent baby 🙏❤️🫂
Mandatory Vasectomies for every male over the age of 13 , When you show yourself to be responsible and financially capable to support children you may petition a court to have it reversed.......problem solved no more unwanted pregnancy,  your welcome
any woman that murders a unborn child should be fix where she can never have another child.
Good luck to all those unwanted babies who won’t have good parenting 👍
next they’ll ban condoms, plan B, and gay sex and trans rights are next. the bigots have taken over and want everyone else to get in line read the bible or get shot this is terrifying
Okay got my hazmat suit on, and now exploring the toxic comments
Both sides of the issue are hard.  It is hard to be a woman.  This is where we can all agree.  So for today, let us give grace to all women and all we have endured throughout time.  Let each of us pray and ask for our heart to be changed.  None of us has the answer. But if we individually are willing, God will meet us there and help.  💕
We all know where babies come from. Have protected sex, a hysterectomy, sterilization or abstain if you don’t want a child!  Simple as that! If you choose to have an illegal abortion and die - it was your choice. Abortion is MURDER!!!  Millions of babies have been innocent victims for too many years!
I want to die
i just love it (sarcasm) how the supreme court, who isn't supposed to bring outside ideas and who is supposed to not be politically influenced is making decisions based on a single party's political ideology and in controlled by a single political party. If you want an example of a single party controlling a government, look no further than China. Is this what the US Goverment has come to? Yes. I wonder if disbanding the political parties and letting leaders make decisions based on common sense and not what their party wants them to make would help. I think it would. Feel free to reply and discuss this issue.
65 million dead babies democrats upset 😡 dame babies polluting
If I got pregnant and couldn't access an abortion, I would just kill myself. Probirthers don't care about the women in these scenarios, only the unborn fetus that doesn't have a single thought or feeling. But yeah kill the women by taking away their health care.
“Pro choice” people are why this country is failing. No sense of responsibility and accountability whatsoever. Their really is no abortion debate…there’s nothing to debate. You had a choice. You didn’t take the proper precautions, and now a child is on the way. Just like you can’t avoid jail AGTER committing a crime, you don’t avoid the child after engaging in sex irresponsibly. You can’t remove consequences from actions and have a stable society. If feminists want to be independent, part of that is owning up to your actions…not placing the blame or an unborn child who had no agency in the matter but is apparently a more responsible being than you considering they’re paying for YOUR foolishness.
I'll bet most people in the comments have never heard a doctor's opinion on abortion, they just see "crazy librul women want to kill babies!" And call it a day. This is a horrible injustice by the court, as it ignored precedent and used politics to drive decision making. ""Justice"" Thomas said we should also appeal the right to conception and marriage for all, yet he didn't want to appeal interracial marriage which is curious... Oh wait, he's in an interracial marriage and it would harm him.
Friendly reminder that the anti abortion crowd has a significant overlap with the same types who love spewing racist dogwhistles about how women of colour supposedly breed like rabbits to live large off the welfare system. It's already complete bullshit on its own (whatever welfare pays out is nowhere near enough to cover the cost of raising a child) but you'd think that these shitheads would at least welcome abortions as a "solution" to their imaginary problem. After all, if those inferior races have abortions, doesn't that help the master race? Then again these are the same types who claim covid is a globalist/Chinese bioweapon and then violently retaliate against masks and vaccines right after.
Its far more cruel to let a kid be born into a world we are currently destroying because of decisions like this. I can tell you now that a kid in 6 years time that their issues will be far greater than an issue of whose rights are we gonna take away from. It should be considered abuse to let people have kids. If they follow through with this it will just be the earlier generation ruining it for the next gen again.
Yay no more child sacrifice!
Promiscuity has been struck down, lol.
The reaction demonstrates how ignorant most people are on both sides.  The ROE vs Wade decision doesn't ban abortion just puts it back with the States where it belongs because it was never a Constitutional issue.  For some reason it became a Political Football back in 1973.  If it is a Constitutional issue then someone has to show the Justices, because it can't be found in our Constitutional.  Maybe inept Biden can because he thinks it is.  But then again he only reads what he is told.  One more thing.  To the protesters who have Children.  Sit them down one day and tell them you protested this decision because you wanted the right to abort your child.
PRAISE GOD!
This is crazy. Why are pro lifers wanted to control other people. It’s ridiculous.
BASED
It gets me that these "pro abortionist" will fight to abort an unwanted baby. Don't think about using birth control, just abort. Yet, so many of these "pro abortionist" will be out there protesting an execution of someone who kills a child or anyone else.
I mean like if ur raped I would want an abortion tbh, don’t know how to feel
Stop having sex with men.  It's not worth it
Let the "It's Trumps fault" comments commence
Lmao gun control and state wide health insurance smh
Why is this in my recommendations? I do this care
Aoc is cra cra
I hope that every woman celebrating this moment, gets what is coming to them.
CHRIST IS KING
well meanwhile Lithuania just joined the war with Ukraine and we are about to go to third world war and annihilate humanity with nuclear weapons  the irony 🤔🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The pro-life girls are so much cuter than the pro baby death womyn.
This isn't pro life, thi is pro-birtg  You want to be pro life? Bring in national Healthcare, fix the housing crisis, fix adoption, do away with stigma of giving it up, food stamps, etc.  Wait? You called those hand outs?
hoping obergefell and lawrence get overturned next! we’re bringing this country back to normalcy!
The worst part is that they didn't even overturn it on any legal basis. They used arguments like "it will increase our domestic supply of babies". Utterly shameful and a disgrace of the country.
What a GREAT DAY To Celebrate the Victory & Justice for Our Poor Innocent Unborn Children that were easily got rid of, Killed and Mutilated just because their mothers decided they don't want them. Those our unborn Children had no voice, had no victor, had no savior, nor representative to discuss & protect their rights! Until now. Now, we have risen to be good and better humans and to protect the innocent and the weak, God Bless America. Thank you for Justice for all, including Justice for the living American Citizens, & our Beautiful Babies in our Mothers Womb. Please, for those who think otherwise, Please have sympathy, have patience, let the babies live, give them for adaptation & Save a Life.
Only if you’re raped you can abort else nope 👎
Whoop Whoop!
Back to coat hangers ladies.
This is terrible .
I support when the woman is ok and have an economical, mentally, psychaly health and age to take care of the kid. If it's a r@pe I don't support by any custs, or if she's minor.
Abortion should granted for rape victims and if you don’t agree with that you have a wack opinion sorry, and I mean I think that people should be allowed abortion but I think that an opinion not fact, but abortion for rape victims if they want it should be allowed and the idea should be considered a factually good concept
"Taking away abortions will just make them harder to get and more dangerous" now try guns. God, I'm pro choice but when she compared it to guns I had to scoff
Some women are monsters.
Thank toy President Trump....Trump 2024.
Lol... Trump still winning.....
50 years of fighting and praying finally answered. I'm beyond overjoyed that the most defenseless of us is finally getting a voice!
Everybody talking sh*t, saying they’re taking away women’s rights, maybe don’t have sex if you don’t want kids lol, it’s that simple but kids these days don’t want to be held accountable, aren’t responsible mentally or financially and wanna have all the sex and just kill their baby if they have one, if you don’t see the problem with that then you are the problem. Obviously, there are exceptions, if a woman was to get pregnant with a rapist, clearly she should not have the child. That’s not the issue. It’s these kids that don’t want to be held accountable and I do think the world is better when they are.
Thank you Lord 🙏🏾 And Donald 👏🏾👏🏾
Our Father in heaven, got this changed...............
If abortion had been in effect, just think, we might not have Alexandra Casio Cortez
Prepare for overcrowded orphanages and high uptick in mentally unstable orphans.
👏👏👏 happy day👏👏💙💙💙
Thank you 🙏🏿 God! Finally fetus babies have a Voice! Am a black man! And since last 20 years I have be yelling abou t 😢all black and brown and white babies killed! In abortions now this babies unborn have a voice thank you Jesus! The devil is a liar
Prayers for all the pregnant men 🙏
today god won the baby won in the long run we all won thank Jesus.
Woooooooo!!!!
Welp, glad I’m no longer in the USA, this is disgusting and setting reproductive rights of us women back 50+ years
Bunch of psycho's crying because they can't so easily murder babies.
I’ll still be helping those who need an abortion.
This is absolutely disgusting and the fact that people actually are happy about this is sad
The population war begins
Republicans will both say they are pro life and vote against forcing companies to lower baby formula prices.
The person with the biggest say in this, is the most silenced, the baby
the lady in green was on point
Now people in states can vote on whether they want abortion legal in their state. I can see why the left is so angry about this.
What are we going to do with those unwanted, unloved children??
god the left is sickning
It's a great day in America
“LET’S GO! WE NOW HAVE LESS CONTROL OF OUR BODIES AND LESS RIGHTS!!”
So who’s trying to make abortion illegal the Republicans Did everyone forget about Child support And it’s not like if you don’t pay it goes away it follows you for the rest of your life
Once any right is taken away all of them can be taken away. Likely, the right to protest will be next. Probably a direct result of this decision. Now that Miranda has been neutered, the right to film the police will be taken away. Is there anyone that still does not believe that we live in an Ur-Fascist society? According to Umberto Eco, we're there.
Big W
Looks like AOC is insisting riots and violence against the ruling of a court she should probably be investigated. Also let’s save these babies!
Praise God
I hope these women who are pro-birth, they just took away their rights
Fantastic day🙏
funny how this happens during a time when this country couldnt be anymore divided.
The population war begins
I think they don't realize that this isn't a prohibition, rather it has become a state level discussion.  So don't worry! I'm sure degenerate states like California will uphold such enlightening traditions.
The emotionally unintelligent sheep that are losing their minds over this have yet to even decipher what the decision means and the only response they have to logic and reason is to strawman you with a 0.01% statistic, and I've even adjusted that number to be more friendly to said sheep.
w
We aren't going to take your abortions. We just want common sense abortion control!! Sound familiar? Rubber band starting to snap back lefties, better hold on to your bottom surgery!
When I got pregnant all of my co-workers advised me to get an abortion. I didn't need  An abortion bill, the decision was between me and God.😇
God hates abortion.  Plain and simple, it’s murder.  I also hate it.  Babies need to have the right to live.  If America doesn’t repent soon God will bring His judgements.
Ill take my pregnant wife to Mexico to get abortion then.
Anything to keep the spotlight from Bidens failures.
So do they not realize it was not made illegal? You can go to a different state if it’s banned where you live. Truly sorry for any inconvenience that might cause…
GET REKT ROE V WADE
Just call me an expat at this point. Forced to give birth to children who aren’t even safe enough to go to school. This is ridiculous. Make sure you’re ready to support all these children you’ve mandated to come into this world.
The most terrifying thing about Donald Trump is that he actually kept his promises.
There's surprisingly is alot of women that aren't pro choice.
God be praised
Praise God the states can decide
Thank you  Signed Babies
bout time  this should have been in the states hands all along
Is everyone ready for more “mostly peaceful protests” by the Left? 🔥🔥🔥
What happened? Why is that creature screaming ?
Its ok for them to kill babys but im not allowed to kill a home invader that’s very hypocritical
Imagine a man and woman marry and start a family.  Then one day he finds out she had an abortion in her past life. Now he must face the fears of their own children's fate. Day after day, year after year he is sickened with worry because he knows what she's capable of
You don’t want to have kid, then don’t have SEX. SIMPLE!   You don’t think those babies have a right to live as well ? I get it for those cases that are not consent (rape etc… there should be a special case for them) however if u consent to have sex, no protection and you are aware of the consequences (having a baby) then I support this law in that matter.
More bread & circus to distract and divide the masses
It's literally the definition of freedom. Maybe you're not that intelligent so I'll explain to you what all this means. After today, the STATES will decide if they want abortion to be legal or illegal. Incase you didnt know, THE PEOPLE are the ones to vote in the representatives for each state. So, ultimately THE PEOPLE get to decide if they want abortion to be legal or illegal. This will vary depending on which state you're in. If you want to get an abortion so bad and it's illegal in your state, just go to the next state over. Obviously if there's health complications or if the way you got pregnant wasn't consensual then you can legally get an abortion anywhere. That was already in place. They're not retracting that or taking it away. The extremists from either party lie to you and say things that aren't true to get you to side with their opinion. They want control over YOU and your opinion so they can get voted in and do what THEY want. They will say and do anything to get in a position of power. This is a step in the right direction for a true democracy. This way, the people have the FREEDOM to decide what they want. I don't understand how anyone could be mad. No political party won today. The people won. And if you're mad about all of this, then I think you just need to be kissed by jake paul.
I personally believe that any state that allows artificial insemination should also be obligated to allow the right to abortion.
It's still all Trumps fault... LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love seeing liberal melt down. Pleasure through their pain.
Yikes I bet there will be a noticeable increase in murder of pregnant teenagers.
2 horrible decisions made in 1 day God help us.
Women could solve the abortion issue by just saying 4 words...I want your baby...
Wait, is abortion legal or illegal
Good ending
Christianity is the reason why slavery, no women’s rights, and indigenous genocide happened. Let’s keep putting our trust in them that they know best.
Both sides have lost their minds
they only think of women who willingly get pregnant and not the fact that many women are forced into pregnancy’s they do not want… more laws on the bodies of women i guess.
Roe v Wade was unconstitutional however abortion should be legal... That being said none of my family will kill their unborn
The United States has allowed itself to get hijacked by the religious nut jobs that will destroy this nation.  This won’t stop abortions. It will start dangerous abortions. It will sow further division between our states. And some day, it will lead to our division as a country and destruction by foreign powers.
Aww you gonna cry? Go ahead cry.
If this not insurrection, the January 6 isn’t. Trying to overturn the ruling of our supreme justices. This is insurrection, and a threat to our democracy. They should go home.
Physical castration for rapists and then we can talk about making abortion illegal.
Our Judicial System is run by incompetent fools.
Yes the comments are just glorious my centrist ideas are treating this like a movie between the Tree Lovers and the Life help book lovers known as evangelical christians
God bless America “! And to the lake of fire at the judgement seat of Christ for the baby killers
Get a vasectomy 😂 yo why you women have to drive this unnecessary wedge even deeper between men and women
The liberal left is the Establishment  Let that sink in
Gay marriage: u next!
Others have no right to tell women what they can do with their bodies. That’s like forcing your own beliefs on others and making it into a law.
Why are they so desperate to have the right to kill babies ☹️
Humans are the biggest mistake that has ever existef
Cant wait to die of nonstop bleeding once i cant get my birth control
Both sides are radicalized
SAY NO TO THIS DEMONIC BABY KILLING RITUAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Abortion is still going to happen, just not legally and in a safe environment
But a man doesn't have choice in paying child support. Maybe men shouldn't have to pay.
Regression! Thats what the future needs!
They are not pro life they are pro death ☠️ Democrats are pro satan
All this means is that a whore has to be a little more careful
Let’s work harder to end all religion. It is dragging us back to the dark ages.
Abortion = Murder
😅😅😅😅😅
Thank God for saving the babies. Jesus is coming back. You better believe it
this is .. sad
Political violence is looking more and more acceptable these days.
Miraculous. 🙌🏻💓💯
Look at all these demons screaming outside to be able to murder babies. Evil evil demons.
So are these people going to help mothers who can’t afford a baby
what's next? gay marriage? interracial marriage? women's right to vote? the GOP would probably love to bring back slavery.
Yeeeeeeees
Prayers for all the pregnant men 🙏
People who support pro-choice are evil!!!
Open carry is not what's wrong with the country. Nor does it have anything to do with people getting abortions. Getting rid of guns won't stop shootings, getting rid abortions won't stop people from getting them. Open your eyes and see the world isn't fair and doesn't care about your feelings. It not about what side you're on cause neither care about you. You're a pawn to them, a dollar sign that's all.
This country sucks.
IMO, this ruling is all about selling birth control and morning after pills.
Amen. Great decision no more ripping babies apart
Die for this coutry but ima die from pain and abortion is health care damn where’s my health care at they wanna send me to jail gotta fight everyday to survive feel worse s then bin laden and al bu Bakst al Baghdad but that tejas USA  I guesss              Michael m Jesus zamarripa
Well. Certainly not having any kids. They are going to have to look for wage slaves somewhere else or outsource. The economy is already in shambles, inflation everywhere, and the gas prices at an all time high. What does it look like bringing kids into this world. People can barely afford to keep roofs over their head and feed them self.
This is the day the Lord has made. Alleluia ! God heard our prayers.
Those women do not understand  that a women does not want to keep a child that she got by RAPE OR INSEST,,, better eit let me rape those women and she what they want to do with our child lol
Huge step backwards
I love Becky 💘💗
It’s so sad to think about the millions and millions of babies that were aborted. When it becomes a contraceptive there is a true moral problem. Thank God for this ruling today.
Amen!
THE BABYS WON😍✨
Aborttion is not a right.
I hope the trump fans bring trump back to be president  fir the country needs him more then ever  for the many crimes they have done taking away kids books like dr Zeus and Disney plus freedom of speech  is an act of revolt who else would agree with me for lord himself choose trump for a reason for our country  to make things better not worse.
LOL L WOMEN L BOZOS
Roe v Wade was unconstitutional.  A federal government over reach.  This ruling addressed that and that issue alone.
Guns don’t kill that many people chill with the narrative of stupid
aborition sucks it is the direct killing of YOUR OWN CHILD just dont do s.e.x with a person and abortion doesn't have to be done
well it is still left to the state, a lot of people are under the influence that this a nation wide ban on abortion
Supreme court deals a big win for STATES RIGHTS!!! That is what comes out of this!!
Love how these pro choice people were DEMANDING that everyone be STRIPPED of their choice to get the VAX or not  via FEDERAL ACTION/LAW to save their own a$$es, but have an issue in which abortion is an individual state issue? I bet the libs will riot and damage property in their OWN abortion allowed states in protest against us Pro Lifers and states....
They don't realize how many women they just sentenced to death.
Finally,, some morals and accountability. Stop the murdering of innocents.
“Get a vasectomy” honestly that’s a pretty good idea.
Thank you for setting our growth as a society back 50 years.  I am appalled.
How about all you schlubs get a job.
😄😇🥰❤❤🙏🏼🙏🏼
I'm NOT going to debate my stand or opinion on this issue. It's a free country and we all have a first amendment right to our opinion. Although I DO NOT support abortions because I believe is murder! Period! I do not support this court ruling! They should have just let it alone. It's not the Government or anyone to infringe on anyone's rights. If a woman or couple has an abortion it's on them! It's between them and their creator! We are not their judge! Jury and executioner! The Creator is! The Christion Nation card is old and doesn't work anymore, now it will only lead to more conflict, division, chaos, and further national deterioration of this country. To you Christians. Stop pushing religion now! We are beyond saving this country. We have passed the turning point a long time ago. Stop imposing your ideology on the masses! Focus on individuals by setting an example through your actions. "Actions speak louder than words" Walk your talk... This is Satan's domain now. Read your Prophecies... the answers are all there. Religion will not save you.
Everyone remember donnie chump did this.
Yup our country is going into the shitter!
Time for liberals to not have sex with strange men in protest.
Women want options, then choose to wait to have sex instead of murder.
Your against government control but you don't support 2A what?
Women who give it up on the first date be like
Red states need to secede
ONE RELIGION CONTROLS OUR NATION.. JESUS NEVER SAID MAKE A LAW TO PERSECUTE OTHERS. KARMA WILL FIND YOUR BELIEFS AND TEST THEM
Im not going to remember roe id rather remember all the babys they killed
Teen impregnancy cases are going to spike, calling it right now. Not to mentions millions just lost their jobs
the living breathing human lives of this country support those human lives in the womb
oh no, im not gonna get any dates anymore!!!!
reeeeeeeeeeeeee tards
You can see the sanity in the young adults from the right, the left kids are childish and obviously.....unintelligent.
No more brutally murdering babies in the name of Margaret Sanger’s black genocide.
I son't know what they are upset about, they can still kill their innocent babies.
Guess what you can still go murder your baby in lots of other states. It’s not like they’re making it illegal you doofu$, go do some research. Plenty of other states are going to allow you to murder your baby so what are you complaining about exactly? All the Supreme Court did is what should have been done along time ago. They took it out of the hands of the federal government, which it never should have been in in the first place, and took it back to the states. It is not a constitutional right. You go get a copy of the constitution and come back here and show me where it says it’s a right it’s an amendment oh you know like the first amendment freedom of speech or the second amendment right to bear arms.  Yeah I’ll wait.
It’s just another way to keep child support.
Wait....so now they can define what a woman is??? Lol
great day for america under God
Now y'all have to take accountability lo
I have more empathy for little innocent babies than women who have had an opportunity to live their lives and make their mistakes without being ripped from the womb at their creation.
Guns save more lives than they take. Abortions take more lives than they save. Go ahead, fools, tell me again about Your right to "Choose" to end the life of an unborn child.
Open Carry across the country 😀 I like that.
Frump, the suck that keeps on sucking…
Women will just have to stop having sex with men: it involves too much risk.  Lesbians welcome all refugees.
I take a neutral position.  But I have to say the people supporting abortion looked weird. Look that green hairs. They don’t look like good workers in a company.
men. keep your wee wee in your pants.
abortion isnt right im anti abortion
Gun control has to do with a Constitution. Abortion does not have anything to do with a Constitution.
Unborn must be protected at all cost!!!  Giving women a choice is killing unborn children who are helpless!!!! The law must be there to protect. Pro-choice is murdering unborn children!
SO WRONG !!!!!!!!
Wow the pro choice girls are ugly.
Evidently the girl in the green headband is pro-non critical thinking and anti-reading comprehension.
Great day more lives will be saved and less money will be made on abortion as sick governments wont be selling babies  body parts
I don't understand how you can be against abortion but pro birth control. Like birth control you're preventing pregnancies, you're killing babies indirectly since if life starts at conception you're cutting that short immediately, no? So no to abortion, no to birth control or yes to abortion!
So funny no more child killers
Gonna be A LOT more kids in foster care now… in an already overcrowded system. Yikes.
If you believe that GOD CREATED MAN AND WOMEN. WHY DON'T  WO.EN STOP HAVING SEX IF THEY DON'T  Want children. My heart goes out for the unborn children around the US. GOD BLESS US ALL.
This is what happens when the liberals pushed extremes of 9 month abortions and they got pushed back. If they kept it responsible with 3 month limit this would of never happened.
MAGA!!!
Aoc trying to start a chant Lol
Omg that Karen about gun control.   Facepalm
REEEEEE!!!!!
As a man whose mother said she never wanted kids, was beaten with extension cords called the devil an raised myself because she wasn't there an my father was a crackhead,making a woman have a child is just making sure that kids will suffer if your wondering yeah I'm still fucked up an deal with trauma from my childhood
Another fail of the constitution's guarantee of separation from church and state.
That green girl doesn’t think you can be against abortion and for any of those other issues, weird.
Well child support wins again... This country is so screwed... Well men never had a say so in abortion anyways to begin with. Women can get a abortion even if the man wanted to have a child to raise,  so nothing really ever changed on the man's side to begin with anyways.... 🤷🏻🤦🏻.............
Not here for the controversy. Did anyone see the last episode of Kenobi, it was fire.
Sad😞What about all the rape victims who get pregnant, that experience is gonna be a thrill for them
Maybe now society won't push for casual sex anymore. Sex is not about your own pleasure, it is about procreation. Be responsible.
I’m happy something wrong was finally corrected!
LOOOOL
Awesome so i better see all of these people paying for adoptions and working in daycares .
😂😂🤣 Get a vasectomy.. how about you just close your legs… ladies go on sex strike..
Don't have sex if you don't want a baby. Don't abort the baby if you don't want the baby. Give it up for adoption. You know, there are pain meds for birth. I know it feels good, but y'all need to figure your lives out before you start having sex mindlessly
MSM approval rating is at 20%.fake news at its best selling propaganda for Democrats everyone in America knows this
Hateful young women cheering this decision which is probably unconstitutional.
If you want to know how serious someone is about these abortion rights just ask them whether they think Transgender women should have a say like biological women do or if they should even have more of a say over men.  That should tell you everything you need to know.
It was only possible thanks to 3 antediluvian humans that have the personality of a piece of white bread.
When I judge it's final for women who spread there legs open and get pregnant for being stupid and abort a baby that it's not it's r fault and on that day everything they ever did will be held against them
In other news: Progressives across the nation mobilize to protect their right to be complete narcissists.
This is the indirect end of democracy
This is a sad day, next thing they'll be outlawing the use of contraceptives.
I think the thing to do is do not comply with any law that is passed as a result of this ruling. Show the governors and legislatures in these red states that their efforts are fruitless.
Couldn't be happier. Could you imagine saving millions of helpless innocent unborn babies? Haleluyah!
Only 2% of abortions are of rape and incest. Keep your legs closed, marry before you carry and if you must stick it in your mouth and do swallow. No exceptions.
Democrats desperately trying to twist the narrative and pump up their base. It won't work.
Prayers for all the pregnant men 🙏🏻
Awesome. This is how it should be.
I don't understand why some women seem excited to get abortions. It's like they want to kill
I think most of those aborted kid would have been Democrats. Now there will be more Democrats
Our country is now in the darkest era in American history. The overturning of Roe v. Wade is done by the supreme country. Women’s healthcare is now at risk as the Republican Party are plotting to banned off abortion rights. We must act now and vote for democrat for the midterm to protect women’s right.
If you don't want to have to have a baby, you get a vasectomy. You get your tubes tied. If I was the cause of an unplanned pregnancy bet I would do everything in my power to keep that child. Even if it meant being a single dad. And don't worry, I wouldn't have relations with any woman who is pro choice anyways, so it's a non issue for you. I wouldn't allow a murderer in my bed let alone my house.
Hose mad.
вот когда эти активисточки будут без денег и случайно залетят а папаша быстренько убежит,вот тогда они поймут...хотя нет,не поймут.
Now when the republican take over in 2024 the federal ban on all abortions can take place
I think the government should meet these people halfway and offer to tie their tubes for them for free. Win-win for everybody!
The person with the green headband said everything perfectly
Ocasio Cortes is communist! if you want to get pregnant and want to erase your babes, You better immigrate to CHINA!
This world gets crazier every day
PRAISE GOD THE GREAT ALMIGHTY GOD!!!!!!!!
first of all, guns rights are a constitutional right, abortion is not!!!, second of all, abortion is murder and should not be part of or the only birth control, either don’t have sex or use other method of birth control, unborn lives matter!!!!
Liars. This does not end abortion.
😂😂😂 Commies be big mad.
I think this is one step forward to a Civil War in the U.S.
remember this kicks it down to state level. if you want an abortion live in a state that will allow it.
Rare American W
I went to Walmart and started hoarding wire coat hangers.  I’m going to sell them on ebay for a small fortune !
If one of those anti abortion women gets sexually assault and becomes pregnant, they're going to look back on this day and be like "fukkkkkkkk I'm stuck with this traumatic rapist baby."
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE COPE AND SEETHE BABY KILLERS
Democrats haven't been this pissed off that they can't murder Black babies since Republican's freed them.
Bottom line you can’t tell anyone to do with their body…. Glad they won the overturning
Perhaps all you staunch Pro Abortion supporters should consider how much better off our world be if your parents had practiced what you are preaching..... Just a thought
From the BOTTOM of my Heart, CONGRATULATIONS PRO-LIFE GIRLS !!
Religious anti abortionist people are so dumb it hurts me.
Great news! America is again showing we are a country of morals
Open carry is for law abiding citizens, criminals get guns illegally
You got to be pro-life from womb to tomb. That’s the only way this will work. I wish people would see that.
The final Meltdown is on!
Now that abortion is banned, now time to force adoption onto everyone. I can't wait to see homeless shelters become over run with children without any parents. Good to see that women's rights are being taken away. What a day in America. Home of the "free".
Im not worried Im sure a rich girl is gonna want an abortion and shes gonna sue and win.  Thats how America is! our business is corruption
Of course, instead of doing something productive with her day, AOC is right in the middle of it, stirring the pot.
HAHAHHAHAAHAHAHHAHAAHAAHAHAHAHA
Lol cry harder then shove it. Use protection
Right ?!?!?>     I value our right to murder children too.   What the heck kinda of country are we defending, when we cannot freely kill children for our convivence
babies in wombs across the country did a little dance today....
Thank God! Now, one giant step to start the healing of America....God's America!   Thank You, Father!
Anti-abortion advocates are smooth brained as hell and a waste of space
Si vis pacem, para bellum
Just wait until little lily white Susie comes home knocked up by her black boyfriend
Do those cheering this think that abortions will stop? Safe abortions will stop in some states, but abortions will continue.
Ban abortion? Unless you have adopted and cared for a dozen unwanted children, you are a f'ing hypocrite.
Charge the protestors with insurrection.
Reeeeeeeeeeeeee!
i wish my parents aborted me
That's why us smart men get a Vasectomy. If we have money anyways.
😂😂😂😂
Very good
*HE SYSTEMATIC MURDER OF OVER 60 MILLION BABIES HAVE FIANALLY BEEN STOPPED.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSS!!! LOL
:59 seconds.   " Get a vasectomy, get a vasectomy" Ummmm how about birth control, or just close your damn legs!
Aleluya......amen. God is in control
Abortion isn’t in the constitution…
Guns aren't the number 1 killer of kids a,bo,rtions are. God bless everyone.
News flash you can still get an abortion, it’s just on the states.   Btw, I don’t care if you support or don’t support abortion. If you want one get one, I could careless, but let’s not act like you can’t get one still.
Irresponsible acts of some women will not be paid by tax payers now. Anyone can have a safe abortion in state where it is legal, tax payers dont have to pay for it now.
Donald's still screwing America
Thank you trump
Abortion will still be safe and legal if you're in California, Oregon, Washington, anywhere in New England, in Colorado, New Mexico, etc. Probably not legal in Utah, Texas, Florida, S Dakota. This is how this should have worked all along - leave it to the states.
THEM two JUDGE'S  ,  PERJURY   ,WHEN  THEY WERE ASK ABOUT IT , THEY LIED!!!!!
Yessss no more Murdering Babies 👶 !!!! Praise the lord 👏👏🙌🏽🙌🏽
Ladies this only the beginning. Next they will outlaw birth control
Now we get to watch all the maniacs run through the streets screaming and acting like demons.
There’s more chance for harm to innocent children with the abortion ban.
"Was split along ideological lines"  do they not know that cheif justice roberts (D) voted in favor of this? People are so dumb they can't  see past the ends of their own noses.
The SCOTUS ruling isn't about "open carry". These people have zero idea lol
drinking in these liberal tears
Nice, I knew this women how used to sleep around and get abortion after abortion
How about all women and men who care about this move to a blue state because nothing will change when it comes to abortion. You do have 50 options which is one of the many great things about this country, like the gun issue if you want draconian gun control and to live in a ridiculously dangerous crime ridden city or state then California, New York, New Jersey, and Illinois are right for you. ;)
Congratulations to all the people who will now have lives and not be murdered by their moms.
One side is happy kids will live, the other side is sad kids will live
finally an end to the murder of innocent children
Gun control?..who is taking guns away from the criminals?!..🤔🤦‍♂️
Can u see the difference though? The anti abortion woman are pretty and the pro abortion ones are fugly blue haired hambeasts
libs crying now
I blame the goverment for it leading to this. Those judges are politicians with robes on. They all lied during their confirmation. We should be able to vote on this matter. Its nobodys business what a woman does to HER body. Invest in condoms. pretty soon. no screwing allowed.
Donald Trump just guaranteed he will dive into heaven head first.
Can you imagine all of those women crying because the have to travel out of state to murder their unborn babies?
🖕🏿The Supreme Court
I made it 46 seconds into this video before I couldn't stand anymore of both sides blabbering...
These poor baby killers are so mad 😂 I love it. Time to toss your “frequent abortion card”…you won’t be getting your 10th one free 😎
Religious wackos .. you are committing a sin every day. Your religion is from the Middle East. It has been tweaked and altered every year by the West. If you want to be a true Christian your religion is very much aligned with the Muslim faith.
That’s what you guys get for voting for Trump. Trump appointed 3 justices who are anti-abortion.
A victory for Vladimir Putin in making the USA more like Russia. Republicans are NOT pro-life: They prefer abortion by bullets; after the child is old enough to understand they are about to be  murdered. They are nothing but a death cult that feeds on terror and repression the same way vampires feed on blood.
So the women that are happy if one of them gets raped and become pregnant they keeping it? Knowing who’s child and how that’s child got there they’d still keep it? They loves guns way more it very very obvious.
I have never wished for those women who wanted this to happen to get pregnant, have no money, no house and job and deal with a baby on their own. Most people who are anti- abortion, don't even have kids themselves.
No where in the constitution does it say that abortion is a right.
.001% of abortions are related to rape. The rest, laziness and poor planning.
Good lord!  These lefties are lunatics!!
Good job!
I blame biden
🥰🥰
I want ever mental stable American adult to have a gun. I don’t real have anything to say about this. Abortion goes back to states letting states decide.
"WE DID IT!! WE REMOVED SOME OF OUR RIGHTS!!!!"
I'm with pro-pregnant/Mother
Pro-life All child has a right to live. God’s precious little blessings. Thank you God. 🙏🙏🙏
Anyone involved with overturning Roe V Wade or putting anyone in power that is/was against it should not feel safe until something similar is in place of it.  This has nothing to do with kids.  This entirely about controlling and punishing woman for enjoying or having sex and putting them in their place.  Anything to do with kids is completely secondary.  Foster care the place where abuse and child sex trafficking starts the thing that people "supposedly" hate.  Literally they, everyone who decided this, should go cry and kill themselves.  Forcing woman to give birth how sick do you have to be.  There is literally no limit.  Lets not even get into extremes of birth by rape, incest, dying by giving birth, death by ectopic pregnancy's, forced to carry a partial fetus after a mischarge because getting rid of the rest is still an abortion, forced to carry and deliver a CORPSE because cant abort it, and the list goes on and on.  Literally torture.
AMEN! ❤️ Love LIFE HAPPINESS !!!! GLORY DAYS GOD ❤️❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA USA
SUPRISE! You don’t have a right to a freedom of consequence. This only issue y’all have with this is that not you actually have to be responsible for your actions! Times to act like the adults you claim to be!
Hope karma hits these people. Choice is our own. Not yours.
The US Supreme Court has made a landmark constitutional decision in overturning Roe v. Wade. The Supreme Court does not make law, nor does it create new individual rights. It interprets the constitution, and this case, the 1973 decision to create a constitutional right to privacy, has been deemed unconstitutional. This issue now returns back to where it should be which is at the respective states. Courts cannot be used to advance ideological agendas and Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution specifically articulates the jurisdiction, roles, responsibilities, and duties of the federal government. The Tenth Amendment clearly states all powers not delegated to the federal government are reserved to the states and the people. Please understand what is and is not a constitutional right.
Okay I pull up
Those who should have been aborted by their parents cry often.
SCOTUS: Overturns Roe V Wade  Baby formula shortage, Global food crisis, Looming economic collapse : I’m about to perform what’s called a “5th trimester abortion”
All Glory to God!
Thank god for Donald trump
STAY MAD 🤣🤣
young women cheering for rape. never thought I'd see it. 🤦🏾‍♂️
Welcome to the new American russian
It’s a good day when a demon cries!!!Thanks be to God.
Thank God
Most of these kids against the decision don't have fully developed brains yet.
Yuck
0:33 never heard it said better
I love Roe v. Wade being overturned. And to the gun control debate: look at any socialist nation, their implemented and strict gun control, and how many lives were lost during it’s reign. Abortion, btw, causes more than 20x the loss of life than firearms. Of those firearm deaths, generally between 55-60% are self-inflicted. Their body, their choice…. Unlike abortion, which takes into practice the harming of ANOTHER person’s body.
How can so many people be so misguided...
Ma’am in the green hairband sorry to break it to you, but open carry has always been legal in all states. The court hearing did not just allow it all of a sudden.
Let the states decide as it should be.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEE REE REEEEEEEEEEE
I think the law should force the fathers to pay 2000 a month to help support the women who have their kids.
Look at this...get your tube tied
"they're not pro life, they're pro birth" hahahahah what
Woohoo!!!  Celebration with glee!!!  Murder finally outlawed!
Glory! Thank you Jesus!
its ashame that us women have no rights to say we want an abortion
Finally. Women no longer are able to murder their babies
Praise God for this tremendous undoing of EVIL in this country
WTF
The liberal mind is a waste of DNA
ANYONE! CAN BE SAVED BY PLACING ALL OF THEIR FAITH & TRUST  IN JESUS’ DEATH, BURIAL & RESURRECTION, AND THE BLOOD HE SHED ON THE CROSS FOR THEIR SALVATION  (1 Corinthians 15:1-4)  For by GRACE are ye SAVED through FAITH;   (Ephesians 2:8)  …God our Saviour; Who will have ALL men to be SAVED,  and to come unto the knowledge of the truth... (1 Timothy 2:3)  …that the promise by FAITH of Jesus Christ might be GIVEN to them that BELIEVE. (Galatians 3:22)  …to them which should hereafter BELIEVE on him to life everlasting.  (1 Timothy 1:16)  …to whom it shall be IMPUTED, if we BELIEVE on him that raised up  Jesus our Lord from the dead; Who was DELIVERED FOR OUR OFFENCES,  and was RAISED AGAIN FOR OUR JUSTIFICATION. (Romans 4:24-25)  That we should be to the praise of his glory, who FIRST TRUSTED in Christ…  …In whom ye also TRUSTED, after that ye heard the word of truth,  the gospel of your salvation: in whom also  AFTER that ye BELIEVED, ye were SEALED  with that holy Spirit of promise.  (Ephesians 1:12-13)  …I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God  unto SALVATION to EVERY ONE that BELIEVETH;  to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.  (Romans 1:16)  …it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to SAVE them that BELIEVE.  (1 Corinthians 1:21)  Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law,  but by the FAITH of Jesus Christ, even we have BELIEVED in Jesus Christ,  that we might be JUSTIFIED BY THE FAITH OF CHRIST,  and not by the works of the law:   (Galatians 2:16)  But we had the sentence of death in ourselves,  that we should not trust in ourselves, BUT IN GOD WHICH RAISETH THE DEAD:  Who delivered us from so great a death, and doth deliver: in whom we TRUST that he will yet deliver us;  (2 Corinthians 1:9-10)  For the GRACE of God that BRINGETH SALVATION hath appeared to ALL men,  (Titus 2:11)  …that he might be the father of ALL them that BELIEVE... (Romans 4:11)  Even the righteousness of God which is by FAITH of Jesus Christ unto ALL and upon ALL them that BELIEVE:   (Romans 3:22)  JESUS PAID FOR EVERY ONE OF YOUR SINS …PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE… BUT YOU MUST TRUST HIM AND WHAT HE DID FOR YOU TO BE FORGIVEN! JESUS’ SUFFERING & DEATH  PAID FOR THE SINS OF MANKIND…  ...God commendeth his love toward us,  in that, while we were yet sinners,  CHRIST DIED FOR US. (Romans 5:8)  …having made PEACE through the BLOOD OF HIS CROSS,  by him to RECONCILE ALL things unto himself. (Colossians 1:20)  …the church of God, which he hath PURCHASED with his own BLOOD.  (Acts 20:28)  …there is ONE GOD, and ONE MEDIATOR between God and men, the man  CHRIST JESUS; Who gave himself a RANSOM FOR ALL, to be testified in due time.  (1 Timothy 2:5-6)  In whom we have REDEMPTION through His BLOOD, the FORGIVENESS of sins, according to the riches of his GRACE;   (Ephesians 1:7)  Much more then, being now JUSTIFIED BY HIS BLOOD,  we shall be SAVED FROM WRATH through HIM. For if, when we were enemies, we were RECONCILED TO GOD BY THE DEATH OF HIS SON, much more, being reconciled, we shall be SAVED by his life.  (Romans 5:9-10)  Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness,  and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son: In whom we have REDEMPTION THROUGH HIS BLOOD, even the FORGIVENESS OF SINS:  (Colossians 1:14-15)  But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were  far off are made NIGH by the BLOOD OF CHRIST. For he is our PEACE, who hath made both one,  and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us.   Having ABOLISHED in his flesh the ENMITY, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man,  so making PEACE; And that he might RECONCILE both unto  God in one body by the CROSS, having SLAIN the ENMITY thereby:  And came and preached PEACE to you which were afar off,  and to them that were nigh.   (Ephesians 2:13)  Being JUSTIFIED FREELY BY HIS GRACE through the REDEMPTION that is in Christ Jesus: Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation THROUGH FAITH IN HIS BLOOD, to declare his righteousness for the REMISSION OF SINS that are past,  through the FORBEARANCE of God; (Romans 3:24-25)  And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh,  hath he quickened together with him, having FORGIVEN ALL YOUR TRESSPASSES; Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, NAILING IT TO HIS CROSS;… And having SPOILED principalities and powers, he made a shew of them openly, TRIUMPHING over them in it. (Colossians 2:13-15)  I do not frustrate the GRACE of God: for if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is DEAD IN VAIN. (Galatians 2:21)  JESUS PAID FOR EVERY ONE OF YOUR SINS …PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE… BUT YOU MUST TRUST HIM AND WHAT HE DID FOR YOU TO BE FORGIVEN!  SALVATION  CANNOT BE EARNED THROUGH WORKS…  IT IS A GIFT THAT GOD WILL NOT TAKE BACK  NOT BY WORKS of righteousness which we have done,  but according to his MERCY he SAVED us.   (Titus 3.5)  …not of yourselves: it is the GIFT of God: NOT OF WORKS, lest any man should boast.   (Ephesians 2:8-9)  And if by grace, then is it NO MORE OF WORKS: otherwise grace is no more grace.  But if it be of works, then it is no more grace: otherwise WORK IS NO MORE WORK.   (Romans 11:6)  But to him that WORKETH NOT, but BELIEVETH on him that justifieth the ungodly, his FAITH is counted for righteousness.  (Romans 4:5)  But that NO MAN IS JUSTIFIED BY THE LAW in the sight of God, it is evident: for,  The just shall live by FAITH. (Galatians 3:10)  For Christ is the END OF THE LAW for righteousness to EVERY ONE that BELIEVETH.  (Romans 10:4)  …who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling,  NOT ACCORDING TO OUR WORKS, but according to his own purpose and grace,  which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began,  (Timothy 1:9)  …knowing that a man is NOT JUSTIFIED BY THE WORKS of the law,  but by the faith of Jesus Christ, even we have BELIEVED in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and NOT BY THE WORKS of the law: for by the WORKS of the law shall NO FLESH BE JUSTIFIED.   (Galatians 2:16)  …Gentiles, who did not pursue righteousness, attained righteousness,  even the righteousness which is by faith… but Israel, pursuing a law of righteousness, did not arrive at that law.  Why?  Because they did NOT PURSUE IT BY FAITH, but as though it were by WORKS. They stumbled over the stumbling stone.  (Romans 9:30-33)  But unto EVERY ONE of us is given GRACE according to the measure  of the GIFT of Christ.   (Ephesians 4:7)  Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father,  which hath loved us, and hath GIVEN us EVERLASTING CONSOLATION and good hope through GRACE,  (2 Thessalonians 2:16)  But not as the offence, so also is the FREE GIFT. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the GRACE of God, and the GIFT by GRACE,  which is by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.   (Romans 5:15)  …they which receive abundance of GRACE and of the GIFT  of righteousness shall reign in life by one, JESUS CHRIST. Therefore as by the offence of one judgment came upon all men  to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of ONE  the FREE GIFT came upon ALL men unto JUSTIFICATION of life. (Romans 5:17-18)  THANKS be unto GOD for his unspeakable GIFT.  (2 Corinthians 9:15)   THE GOSPEL SIMPLY REQUIRES YOU  TO PLACE ALL OF YOUR FAITH IN THE DEATH, BURIAL & RESURRECTION  OF JESUS CHRIST AND THE BLOOD HE SHED ON THE CROSS  FOR YOUR SALVATION  Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the GOSPEL which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; by which also ye are SAVED, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that…  CHRIST DIED FOR OUR SINS  according to the scriptures; and that he was BURIED, and that he ROSE AGAIN the third day according to the scriptures: (1 Corinthians 15:1-4)  …In whom ye also TRUSTED, after that ye heard the word of truth,  the gospel of your salvation: in whom also  AFTER that ye BELIEVED, ye were SEALED  with that holy Spirit of promise.  (Ephesians 1:12-13)  For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven,  whereof ye heard before in the WORD of the TRUTH of the GOSPEL; Which is come unto you, as it is in ALL the world;  and bringeth forth fruit, as it doth also in you, since the day ye HEARD of it, and KNEW the GRACE of God in TRUTH:  (Colossians 1:5-6)  For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God  which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.  (1 Thessalonians 2:13)   …grace be to you and peace from God the Father,  and from our Lord Jesus Christ, who gave himself for our sins,  that he might deliver us from this present evil world,  according to the will of God and our Father:  to whom be glory for ever and ever.  Amen.  (Galatians 1:3)  JESUS PAID FOR EVERY ONE OF YOUR SINS …PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE… BUT YOU MUST TRUST HIM AND WHAT HE DID FOR YOU TO BE FORGIVEN!
Therefore will I give thanks unto thee, O Lord, among the heathen, and sing praises unto thy name.
Same group will protest wearing fur cause animals died
Just like RBG wanted !!!!
The State's have the power to apply their own laws . It was never a constitution right to get an abortion .
Gun rights are constitutionally protected rights. Abortion is not.
I lost all confidence in the Supreme Court after they ruled that peasants can also carry firearms and have the right to defend themselves.  Only we elites should have that right.  Our lives are more important than those of peasants!  It's outrageous!
backwards
this is just wonderful. truly
Incels incoming.
Imagine being upset that you’re now going to have to be more responsible with your sexual decisions. Liberal women are sex addicts and murderers. No more dismembering of babies in red states 🌸🌸🌸
I haven’t seen democrats this mad since they freed the slaves.
Liberals control all 3 chambers. And this happens. Joe Biden’s America
Watching the further erosion of American society tear themselves apart. Another stone on the grave of a nation.  Hate, division, corruption and death for all.
There isn’t a god. And even if there was, it wouldn’t have mercy on your soul for thinking that taking away abortion is okay. It is a human right.  We will bring hell to you.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Abortion is not birth control
I hurt people who hurt babies, Why shouldn’t any of you be pro choiced, the big A you SL,uts need to practice is accountability
Our country has today rejected the laws of human perversion and decadence.  We have in fact turned back time to follow the path of God, rather than evil.  In God we trust.
I mourn for my country
At they are admitting women are the ones who get pregnant.
Get rid of the electoral college!  No more the minority ruling over the majority!
As a MGTOW, I don’t have to worry about any vasectomy threats.
Holding Women accountable for their first Choice to have sex. Aside of rape or incest. Without that it's simply murder.
So much for the party of limited government.  It now controls the bodily choices of half the population.  Also, people wonder why church’s are so empty.  This is why.
😭😭😭😭😭  We now have to take responsibility for the choices we make. 😭😭😭😭😭
All mindless
All these ladies crying and cheering like I don't know if you guys are just misinformed or just deaf and dumb. Why are you going after lawmakers, when it's YOU ladies that are making the decision to go and kill your baby. Nobody's forcing you and nobody is doing nothing to you. You ladies make the decision, so go after the ladies that want to kill their babies. I mean birth control and plan B is literally no different than abortion. You either kill the baby in the womb, or you kill the chance of it being born what's the difference!? Ending result is the same. The Democrats are just going to overturn this ruling in a couple of months anyways.
now since u guys want to save babies make sure u give them financial support so they won't end up in the street. oh wait, I forgot capitalism. Well good luck america
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO!
Lol
I love how so many people are trying correlate abortion rights with gun rights. These are the arguments from people who haven't really thought things through on this issue.
So what about the babies born from incest, sexual assault, coming into homes of poverty, abuse, drug addiction, foster care system, homelessness?? Y’all love it to say you care about the babies life until it’s born and I forgotten
You can thank Donny for this
Some women want to be able to have sex and not get pregnant. That shouldn’t seem that radical. Condoms and birth control aren’t 100% effective, and not healthy for all women. Not to mention the women who are raped and then condemned for not wanting to keep a child they never planned for. Our earth is overpopulated as it is, and there’s many families who are unhappy because they cannot provide for their children due to lack of a job or very little money, drug or alcohol abuse, a single parent household, no support, and yet people are fighting for a fetus, sometimes just a collection of cells or missed period who has no memory and cannot feel pain to be brought into a world where it is not wanted by its parents…or not able to adequately take care of them. I understand why people would be against abortion. Just know, no one WANTS to get an abortion. It’s a sad solution to a worse problem. But if you’re so blindingly pro life that you can’t understand this perspective, you should have to adopt and take care of a child for 18 years whose mother you convinced not to terminate the pregnancy.
The Catholic Church owns the Supreme Court.
Of course trumps revenge is worst than Montezuma‘s revenge destroying American households and forcing unhappy families that aren’t on anyplace to be bringing kids in the world are now given no choice how sad for America to reverse progress!
"Yay! This is so great!" God. All of you are disgusting for getting excited about women losing a valuable right. You're ACTIVELY wishing harm on innocent women or the soon-to-be-children.  Think about this. Have empathy and humanity for the person forced to carry a child, they're not just a vessel. This is a step in the wrong direction.  Here's what will happen. Packed orphanages, lack of preparedness causing kids to grow up in awful families, forcing women to seek dangerous ways to perform abortion/miscarriages, and much more.  Another "human life" isn't worth it if it easily causes suffering for itself and/or others.
0:47 that girl gets it! These pro-birthers do not care about the life. They care about the birth.
Trump effects, man is a living legend 😇
bunch of dummies
DT plays chess not checkers
Good guys - 1 Bad guys - 0
Damn Everyone needs to go back minding their business 🙃
Victory for the babies 🙏❤️
Condoms, birth control. the morning after pill, and abstinence is still an option. Mt birth control of choice (the copper non hormonal IUD) has lasted me 12 years without fail.
Ya’ll better pray that someone you love dearly never gets pregnant due to rape, because they’ll have a daily reminder of the hell they were put through…so sad when yet again, a handful of people have the power to dictate to the general public what they can and cannot do with their own bodies…”land of the free” my ass!
People are really sick.  It's so sad to see young girls so brain washed
Always remember: The senate knew about this coming, instead of passing a bill to make sure you had abortion rights, they passed a bill to take away your most basic human right, access to firearms. They do not care about your rights, only your votes.
They’re emotional because they have no idea what actually happened. Instead of a blanket law over the entire country chosen by a panel of unelected officials (by design) the power goes to the state in which they reside and where they have more influence by voting elected officials who can be changed out regularly by vote. That is the true democratic process, so democracy is not dead.
Heads exploding because they want be able to execute unborn children. No real difference between an abortion and school shootings.
so people that never intended  to have an abortion are cheering because  they took away the rights of people  that didn't  want to get pregnant ?Also they are cherring for all the women that are going to die because  if illegal abortions?If you think it will save 1 fetus you are delusional
Thank you President Trump 🇺🇸
Next up gay people will be illegal. The Supreme Court is a joke.
How long do you think it will take Planned Parenthood to rent out planes to pick out girls at public schools without their parents' knowledge and the schools full cooperation?
Kinda sad to see people upset over the fact that they cant just snuff out an unborn life just because its an inconvenience.   When you create what this country has created which is a group of people who are so entitled, so disconnected that in their tiny lil minds they think its perfectly ok and normal to just snuff out life, it shows how dark times have become.   When you take rape and medical reasons off the table that doesnt even put a dent into the amount of abortions being done with the reasons of "just because".  IF you have sex and IF one slips past the goalie its time to grow up fast and do ur job you shouldnt get the option of squeezing in an abortion between ur starbucks run and getting your hair done.
Good. To hell with the baby killers
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Only people that haven't been aborted are complaining about abortion
land of contraddiction, i hope not the world leaders anymore,  pollutions,guantanamochile, afghanistan, iraq,, insurances x health , racism, drug, and dirty wars, we are for multilateralism, go europe without usa interference.
God Bless our President Trump.  The man is still making it happen 2 years out of office 🤜.   Thank you to the Supreme Court Justice, all thee members trump appointed have their eyes open on this and the fortitude to do the right thing regardless of the threats from the leftists.  Make America Great Again.
Wait the Supreme Court ruled on open carry? That’s something new I heard, oh wait she has no idea what she’s talking about. Wow I’m surprised
It’s not your life so butt out! If you don’t like abortion then don’t have one but you have no right to tell others they can’t
About time!! Yes we did it!! Thank You President Trump!!
Trump did some good.
I haven’t seen Democrats this upset since January 1, 1863 🤔🤣🤣🤣
Thank God for this awesome decision. Glory to God.
It's all coming down. One brick at a time. I cant wait for the next disaster. Who's got good seats? I know I do
It's about time! Let's call it what it is MURDER!!! Put a STOP 2 it immediately!
Aw shucks, you can't sleep around no more
Ppl are weird af... blood on everybody's hands
What year are we? Was someone playing with the clock?  Short man is waging a war in Europe.  Commies are back. Afghanistan is in 1552. And US is back to “ at least she didn’t burn the beer!”
Seriously killers is what they are. Fighting to kill a tiny little baby . Acting like a bunch of animals.
The US has been having a problem for a while. Democrats have been fleeing the dumpster fires that are jurisdictions run by Democrats to decent, livable places, made so by Republican governance. Rather than have the smallest amount of self-awareness and realize they had to flee where they came from because of their own stupidity, being Democrats, they start voting Democrat in the new place until that place is ruined too. This decision by SCOTUS will force Democrats to choose. Stay in the hellhole of your own making or accept some reasonable legislated limits on abortion. I love it.
Humans are strange creatures
The only way to remove a Supreme court justice is impeachment, retirement and death. The likelihood of impeachment is extremely low, and them retiring even less likely. It's a good thing the Supreme Court has been upholding the right to own firearms because the solution is becoming increasingly clear
Leviticus 18:21 “And thou shalt not let any of thy seed pass through the fire to Molech, neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God: I am the LORD.” abortion is child murder
Time to invest in whoever makes clothes hangers.
Who is going to support all these kids who weren't aborted only the babies will be adopted what about the older kids even more will be in the system who'll need to be taken care of. 100s of thousands age out of the system no one protest to support them. This is so disgraceful it's none of YOUR BUSINESS TO TELL A WOMAN WHAT TO DO WITH HER BODY. DONT EVEN BRING UP RELIGION HOW MANY MILLIONS DIED BY RELIGIOUS WARS
Just why won’t people let others, by their own hard enough decision, go through with it. Are they so dumb that they also removed their right to it as well? What the hell is wrong  with the world nowadays? No wonder why I barely talk to anyone now.
An abortion is killing of an unborn child you cannot see it as a living human being there is ways that naturally people lose their children why are you forcing it to happen when it’s not natural ridiculous how people want to have to kill a child and cry when someone kills a child what world is this?
It looks like women will now have to take responsibility for their poor life choices.
A citizen's vote should have happened, this affects the people of this country.
Germany 1940s. The supreme courts has turned nazi.
Tards.
Is sad that there needs to be a law that prohibits you to kill you baby. You should be capable enough to decide on your own that you DON’T KILL YOUR BABY.  But I guess some people are so messed up that they need  a law for trying to stop them from killing their babies.
Pro life is saving lives cannot tell me the pro choice is pro-life and the constitution protects the right to Have Amber arms and no government can say other than this girl is angry with the green scarf over her head because she can’t abort her child an unborn child so if you wanna kill children go right ahead is that what you want it’s not like you’re not affected by emotionally or physically come out kind of world we’re living in now
Can’t wait for the leftist to start rioting again because they can’t abort baby’s in certain states
Now the government has to fund all these births since they demand women bear them children.
VICTORY FOR LIFE
Bwahahahahahaha 🤣
Congratulations victory for god
The only safe sex is gay sex where neither partners will get pregnant.
“May you experience the love of Christ, though it is too great to understand fully. Then you will be made complete with all the fullness of life and power that comes from God.” ‭‭Ephesians‬ ‭3:19‬ ‭NLT‬‬
This opinion was a travesty.  The SCOTUS normalized states stealing the self evident and unalienable right to life.  “Governments are instituted among men (meaning government is not God) to SECURE these rights.”  NOT to steal them.   This was about cementing big pharma profits from harvesting and selling $billions in baby parts.
Men are making women pregnant, yet they won’t be punished.  What government rights are men going lose, other than no sex?
Leftists are so disconnected from reality and morals it’s almost disgusting but mostly just sad.
America did something right this time
Yikes
I would really appreciate it if women didn't speak emotions so much. It makes them sound soooo unintelligent.
The US won't force people to wear a mask to prevent a plague but it will force women to have children.  I hope this comes accompanied by new sexual education introduced at a young age. And free birth control to all women across the country.  Otherwise this decision won't last.  I can promise you that.
Abortion was never a constitutional right.
Well ladies and gents make it right and wrap it tight . Used the rubbers to get in the covers.
Funny, Libs want to tread all over tax paying law abiding citizens 2A rights in the name of “saving lives” but they become irate when abortion is deemed illegal which is actually……… saving lives ……. My friends liberals are what’s wrong with America
This is not a pro-choice/pro-life debate.  It is pro-abortion vs. anti-abortion.
How many of these babies do you plan on adopting????
the left has had a couple of bad days and much more to come by years end
I’m ok with abortion if it’s a threat to a mothers life but if you really do not want a child don’t have unprotected sex or just don’t have sex there are also multiple types of birth control.
I don't think those kids understand that some women don't want to get pregnant
If the government cares so much about saving human lives then they need to find a way to help pregnant men from having a miscarriage almost every time we have a bowel movement. 🏳️‍🌈 🏳️‍🌈  🏳️‍🌈
god say if you receive this child your receive me  close your legs  or use many options to not to get pregnant  so disgusting if u kill a baby u a murder if u neve see a video when the baby heart is pumping and moves his leg when they cut the firt one so whatch n u will cry all months  i watch a video and i don't like abortion but every one is free to do whatever you want but god is watching you  n i don't care if u hate my comment
Libs confuse me….  Abortion- my body my choice  Vaccination- you have no choice … get vaccine.
Notice how the vote was 6-3 in favor of, when there are 3 women and 6 men on the Supreme Court. At least they still allow each state to decide.
Neither the government nor any religion has any right to tell people what they can remove from their own bodies. This is a violation of freedom and bodily autonomy disguised as concern for life. Look at all the prolifers that turn a blind eye to mass shootings and blame anyone but guns. A loss of liberty was celebrated here today.
Yes finally, save the children everyone
God Bless America
Pro-lifers have no idea what the consequences of this will be. Frustrating to see the entire country dragged down by these clowns.
“Your body your choice” … ask a Dr. to remove your heart and see if you have that choice.
This is a huge win! It's time we start valuing all human life as equal.
This ruling is and has always been about the low birth rates among Europeans be they in America or Europe. However the irony of this ruling is that now more black and brown children will be born. If Europe would stop having wars of aggression, like the current one in the Ukraine European population would increase.
The not very Supreme Court is working hard to turn American on each other and create anger for those who care about rights for women.  Yesterday they rules concealed guns are fine, today they are creating more targets for said gun violence.
Thank You Jesus!!! God is saving America & our future generations.
I've noticed that everybody that is for abortion has already been born.
This like to be criminal and killing children
Lol everybody mad because they can’t kill babies.
Life has won in America!   Great day for the unborn! They're future teachers, scientists, politicians, etc. and they have a chance not just at life, but making a difference in life and society.
This makes me happy, finally some good news.
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion.
I’d be more willing to allow my tax dollars to go towards tubal ligation and hysterectomy if the person so chooses to never have a child or uses abortions as contraceptive or had lost their children from drugs or neglect. You haven’t harmed another person in this process.
GOD ALWAYS WINS!!! Prayers for all the woman who have made the poor decision to have an abortion/s!!! May their lives be healed by his love! 🙏🏻
1:25 America may not be a wholly christian country, but there are many of us out there with opinions that matter. May God have mercy on this broken country, and praise Him that we're one step closer to getting rid of the murder of an entire generation.
Abortion should be listed as a weapon of mass destruction against the voiceless.
We are a pathetic and ignorant nation. A woman's right to choose, nope, can't do that, we know better than you, but, we will let all of you personal carry a firearm, we'll allow you to buy killing machine firearms to protect yourself, WTF IS WRONG WITH THIS COUNTRY!
time to invest in the coat hanger companies! lol.
I guess if you bribe enough justices anything can happen.  Now that Geo Group is moving from prisons to orphanages, I guess they need more "product" to charge for?
i am in favor of the Supreme Court Decision
These maniacs are stupid and hypocritical.  If a woman is raped or molested, she should have the right to choose whether to have the baby or not.  If a woman's life is risked due to carrying a baby, then she should have the right to decide whether to have the baby or not. How about these extremely pro-life supporters and the Supreme court pass a legal judgement on limiting gun rights since there are mass murders happening across the country.  What about that life taken away unfortunately.
the right dosnt listen to science or logic. theyre based on emotion when it comes to this topic,theyre all dumb asf
Good, what’s next? Better pay for a parent to raise their kids, better education, a Health system That people can afford during their entire life? That should be put in place before you decide to bring people to this world to be miserable.Those are the main reasons that made people not wanting to have Babies. Parents are struggling to feed their self, today more than ever…… I have 2 Childs, If I have one more I don’t know how I’m gonna feed those I already have? American women’s will be flying to another country to abort as consequence of this law. This will make the problem even worse and dangerous.
Get off the streets & go home. You still have the choice to travel to a different State that murders unborn/newborn children.
Guns save 600k lives a year, get wrecked again libs.
Please don’t harm all my little folks, who Have as much right to live as us bigger folks do
Jesus hates abortion... except for when he carries one out in Rev 2:23! BUT, that's Jeebus, not you, so... 🤘😈
Cope and seethe femcels, cope and seethe.
OMG! Women might have to utilize one of the many forms of birth control available including the morning after pill. What a tragedy.
This is disgusting.
Trump's still got it!!!
Truly awful. My heart goes out to every poor woman who now has to be forced to carry an ectopic pregnancy or product of rape/incest. No longer having a say in the matter and possibly condemning her to death. Good job you religious nuts, you've set us back decades.
oh now you libs want to hijack the color green......go get your lbtqrs whatever it is flag .....leave the irish green to us whackos
Banning abortions doesn’t stop abortions l. It only stops SAFE ABORTIONS. We’re going backwards in society, keep your bs church out of my life.
Is literally anyone aware that the roe v. Wade affected more than just abortions?...no just me?
HOES MAD BAHAHHAHAHAH GOD WILL RETURN TO THIS COUNTRY
Ladies, welcome to the world of accountability
Welp, overpopulation and an even higher crime rate here we come.
we are a nation ruled by the evangelical theocrats, the founders are rolling in their graves
Women will still get abortions you guys are delusional
Let’s gooooooo!!!!
All this did was rid safe abortions. People will go back to doing it unsafely. This will cause more harm then good
We should go after all the fathers who abandon their children and don't pay child support too then right? Make it fair for everyone.
Let's put an immediate stop to these guys' cheering by passing "fatherless children" laws that would automatically seek wage garnishments etc once the paternity of the child is determined at birth by the biological parent or by their parents if underage. Until the age of twenty-one, since we're of course concerned with the future of our children by making sure they get the head start they need. Cheers!
Glad they did it. How can a women be protected under the constitution but not the man too in aborting a baby.
Democrats create crisis, right wingers accept it as culture victory. Politics overrun with artificial culture war. Both parties keep governing for the 1% while you are sitting at home rooting for your team lol
Seeing liberals cry never gets old
Well congratulations to those who think that this will stop women from having abortions. The only thing that this has accomplished is to push us back 50 years to a time when women obtained an abortion by any means necessary. States that outlaw abortion will see a sharp increase in  mortality rates for the mothers, an increase in poverty, an increase in child abandonment, and an increase in incrassation for women. We have seen this before. We have been here before.
It’s pure politics for the pro abortion actors!!!
The sensation of a life being ripped away is an indescribable horror.
A bunch of useful idiots caught in the wave of sports-like infighting and division. The only ones winning are the elite of this country, not the people.
of course Republicans can go live in the 19th century if they want to, not everyone wants the future, if you support acting older then the first home computer then you can stop driving your trucks and using your phones because those technological advancements go against your "traditional" beliefs of controlling people and being progressive, if you want to be complacent then write letters with a feather you white male supremacist cave people!
We need more babies to compete with China and India. America just need population to grow.
You don't need abortion you need responsibility
"ACTIVIST" judges are in vogue with the GOP now, oh how things have changed.
Heartache for the fetuses that may be robbed of this experience; I saw an Ab Doc once go into a room full of younglings and...    And....    He....      He is going down a path I can't follow...
I'm more concerned about Citizens United.
Does this ruling FORCE women and children to give birth when they have been raped, tortured, and sexually abused? That is a torture in itself and when the child grows up and learns the truth of how they came to be in the world, that is another torture that ends up being a mental illness issue that we in this country do not have enough resources to help those in these situations. These are the two questions I have. I am not against the ruling nor for the ruling. I am for women and children who have been abused, tortured, and sexually assaulted. Any insight to these questions related to the ruling would be appreciated. *If you are going to be rude and negative please refrain from answering, thank you.*
People seem really confused by the decision.  The decision doesn't make abortion "illegal", it just hands the decision making back to the states where it always belonged. Anything not stated in the constitution goes to the states.
There are many other forms of birth -control without ending the life of a baby in the womb.
The people that won’t stfu about Jan 6th. are now calling for violence. 🤣
As a person who comes from an area where there are a lot of r@p3 charges seen, this is definitely the wrong thing to do. To many children already end up in the overcrowded foster care industry, forcing women AND CHILDREN to give birth is plain wrong for the both of them. Even if it was rape or an accident the woman in this situation should not have to face the backlash, neither the child. The unborn child can’t even think for itself when the time is right to get an abortion.
Separation of church and state  not happening here
And they still believe they are the greatest country in the world. So delusional!
Unbearable people. What about women who are raped, what about incest, what about the health of the mother, what about the child’s quality of life? Republicans only care about babies and could care less about those babies when they grow up.
Stupid Donald Trump people from  Supreme Court made the decision. Corruptions
It amazes me how angry some folks are not being allowed to take life. My body, my choice, oh! wait a minute … you’re not vaccinated or masked?! That’ll be your job thank you.
lol did she say, "Open Carry across this country" ? Open Carry is determined by the state
And another reason why this country sucks
those girls, babes,,, your rights are being taken away right in front of you and you’re cheering
Jesus, thank you, because Doctors and Nurses need to protect life, not to kill someone before they are born 😁😁🙏🙏
I wonder how many of those young ladies will want to have an abortion down the line?  Not something the government should be dealing with in the first place like so many things the government tries to control your life. I wonder how long it will be before we hear of more unwanted babies left in dumpster or people taking care of malformed babies for life.
Jesus the left is the definition of evil
If you don't believe in abortion, don't get one.   Now there will be more cases of children aging out of the adoption system after years of abuse and trauma. More cases of abused and neglected children who weren't wanted in the first place.   Birth control, while helpful, is not perfect. I wonder if all the people celebrating are gonna go out and adopt as many kids as they can to help with the issue of the children who are alrdy born. Cause they care so much about the ones that haven't been born.   While I myself would never have an abortion unless medically necessarily, I think abortion is a necessary evil and this just set us back in time when women died from back alley abortions.   It's going to also cost a lot in federally funded aids since the women who are now forced to have children they can't afford, won't be able to get jobs or go to school. Any parent knows the cost of daycare is extremely high, and while you can get vouchers for daycare, where do you think those funds for those vouchers come from?
CHALK ONE UP FOR GOD'S CHILDREN.
I think it should only be legal if rape is invovled, just like woman have the choice to have an abortion, they have the choice to have safe sex, if having sex for fun then getting an abortion is a lifestyle then it should be banned, woman need to realize that that this choice of having an abortion is based off the fact of their choices, thats why when they dont have a choice and are raped is the only excuse to an abortion, having an abortion just to have one is wrong, if you know youre not financially able to bring a life into this planet then dont have sex or atleast stay protected, dont have sex knowing your way out as an abortion.
I hope all of you pro-lifers  support paid maternity leave, universal healthcare, and universal Pre-K now.
1 in 4 pregnancies end in miscarriage, it will now be illegal to remove the dead fetus in most states due to this ruling. In addition there are pregnancies where the mother will die if the baby isn't aborted, that is now illegal. We've essentially told women we don't care about or your health. America just doomed its future with this ruling.
The killers are mad!
SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUUUUUUUUUU!
The woman that said something about the 2nd amendment forgot when was the last time a embryo or fetus came at us that we had to use a gun to stop them. I'll wait
Pro life people are beautiful pro choice look angry and soulless.
Abortion rights protests are a great place to pick up easy women
Lol based roe was built on a lie.
Poor crazy 🤪 liberals they are going insane..in November the Republicans would take control of the senate and perhaps the congress because Biden is one of the worst president this country had
Ha ! Ha! Ha! You loose!!!!
When an abortion occurs a human fetus get lynched & pull from the womb of a girl or woman.  Do you'll think that is the right thing to do ? In addition is a scar that marks the life of a girl for ever....
The protester’s sign at 0:12 claiming “1/3 of our generation was killed by abortion” is false. If you look at the year-by-year data abortion data from the CDC and Guttmacher institute and compare it to the yearly US birth rate, the actual number is that 1/7 babies per year are aborted.
What people dont understand is even if roe v wade is overturned, all it's going to do is get rid of SAFE abortions. People are still going to find ways to get an abortion, which is why roe v wade was put into place in the first place.  Dont go, "but it will become a crime" because if they are doing a back street abortion they wont care.  Im not going to debate this even if you comment. I also dont care about your opinions on the matter of abortion.
If you're old enough to have sex, you're old enough to understand the responsibility that comes with pregnancy. If you don't want want a child, wear a condom, use birth control, get snipped. Pretty simple.
I’m happy with the outcome. It’s called accountability and the world needs more of it. If you want to spread your legs then go have the procedure to not have kids at all or use condoms. It’s pretty simple. Don’t get pregnant if you don’t want to have a baby.
If pro lifers are so adamant on saving babies, why didn’t they do anything for the 17 children massacred at Ulvade? Where’s the outrage? No memorial, or better gun control? Oh… I forgot, they’re already born so it doesn’t matter, right?
Huge W Supreme Court!!
What's really interesting to me is that the majority of the pro lifers in the comment section are men who won't be affected whatsoever
These idiots have no idea that the Supreme Court makes NO LAWS… if this was important they should of done something when they had the super majority…all it takes is a law…that the SC can NOT write or pass 🤪
All the hoes out there like......
If there's actually any justice left in this country then trumps toady Amy Barrett will be brutally raped and forced to carry to term like a good crazy KKKristian.
Curious as to how many anti abortion supporters have ever taken a college level biology course/series? Chances are slim to none lol, and they’re gleefully celebrating their stupidity for all to see. It’s not a win for you guys, it just further makes you look like troglodytes.
Emotions. That says it all. Critical thinking skills waved bye bye a long time ago.
People acting like abortion is now illegal, bruh, SCOTUS just gave the states the right to decide their own abortion laws. Any state that has abortion legal, will keep it legal. This allows states that are a majority pro-life, enact laws that they deem appropriate for the topic of abortion, and allows them to control spending for such things.
Liberals always want to speak for: - blacks  - Hispanics  - Latinos (“Latinx”. 🤡) - the unborn  - blue collar workers  - anybody who buys gas   No wonder nobody likes you.  Thanks ~Jim Eagle
God bless America! We are still given another chance by God to turn from our wicked ways. It's time to bring back good morals and fear of God. To God be the glory!
Today practice and methods to deter an unwanted pregnancy are wide available to everyone , the current market for fetal tissue for different purposes even evil ones are overwhelming !!! STOP this crime !!!
If the court can over rule half a century of precedent where is the bright line for all other precedents?
Now it will be up to the states and their voters its called democracy
I just don't understand why this is such a heating subject. If you don't want children, why conceive?  If you absolutely don't want children, and you conceive a child anyway, only to go get it aborted later; That is just plain evil, demonic.
This is great,  a group of intelligent people making a decision for a group of people that isn't smart enough to make their own decisions.
GOOD!!! Now less murdering!! Realize that you are only standing on ground now because your mother wisely chose not to kill you in the womb. Now you are all screaming lungs out because you can't be a murderer anymore..
Killing a baby in the womb is the same killing your 1 yr old or 5 yrs old
As long as it doesn't apply to cases of incest and rape, then I don't give a damn.
Hail Satan.
Now all those against the freedom of a woman’s choice should be forced to pay child support for every child born from their decision.
Sad day for free choice
Bring on the overpopulation and dumbass kids epidemic
If a woman really wants an abortion, she can travel to a state that permits abortion. There are multiple ways to prevent pregnancy, but they all require forethought.
This is the best news I have heard so far from U.S.A.
To all the pro choice woman keep your legs closed and u won't have this problem or wait til your actually ready and able to have children
Since this law passed I have no problem proposing death penalties towards rapists, child molesters, and human traffickers.
There is no constitutional right to abortion, fact. Roe v. Wade was a far reaching decision, fact. Abortion should be a legal across the nation, yes. Moves like this lessen what America stands for and what makes it such an attractive and unique country, fact. Stripping INDIVIDUALS of the right to decide, not states not any other government authority, but individuals. Moves should be made to legalize it on the federal level imo.
Good for y'all this is nice to see lol 👏😊
0:31 she speaks fax
EVIL ALWAYS LOSES!
Yall care more about cells than children in foster care, who are already here. Yall don't care once the baby is born. You don't.  Edit: yall run faster than a parent who didn't want the kid. Once the heart starts beating yall will start yeeting
Women lol the worst mistake this country ever made was letting women get involved in voting  absolute lunatics
Well here come the "peaceful protests."  I'll go get the fire extinguisher.
0:48   This is absolutely hilarious the hypocrisy.
Asesinar bebes no es una obcion.......el sexo libre,no justifica el asesinato de niños indefensos.....Dios condena el asesinato de cualquier indole de seres humanos......si alguien apoya este genocio,es porque carece de sentimientos...y nunca debia haber nacido en este mundo ...Sacaron a Dios de las escuelas,y mira como estan los ateos,criando ateos,socialistas y comunistas,el Diablo apoderado de sus mentes........Jesucristo Rey de reyes ya viene en su Reino.......eliminara al Diablo a sus demonios y a todo ateismo maligno.......Venga tu Reino Dios....Gracias Corte Suprema....Dios los bendiga.......Biden a favor del asesinato de niños....increible.....Trump a favor de la vida.........
MAGA
Im shocked at the amount of people that are crying about an issue that could be handled by a condom and responsibility
Wait she said hypocrites? Yall werent saying “your body your choice” when they tried to force vaccine on people. Yall werent saying they taking away rights when they try to ban the right to bear arms 😂
I was actually agreeing with the one girl talking about it being pro-control, but then she shattered her argument after advocating for more control on gun laws.
Thank You Jesus
Finally, this country has decided to stop KILLING CHILDREN.
Dems are such hypocrite's, in the left hand they approve of a murder charge against someone who injures a pregnant woman and it results in a miscarriage, they even call it murder, but in the right hand they approve of that murder as long as it's in a clinic.
If you support this decision you are absolute human garbage and there is no way around that... Your policies will in no way stop abortions and you're an absolute dunce if you think they would.. This is an objectively bad decision that will have inarguably bad consequences
this sucks. it's woman that have never really haven't had a bad life. your taking away woman rights to choose if they want with there bodies. these woman are and judges are taking more of woman's freedom
Oh and dumbass understand gun control violates the SECOND AMENDMENT it says SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED for a reason the vote is being brought back to the people comprehend that
But, But Muh Multiple Abortions after cheating on my "Partner" with the opposite sex. The Pro-Death Depopulationists smearing the Pro-Lifers. gtfoh. Aww... Is your Drama Class Geek Trend OVER?
THIS WAS ALL POLITICAL! ITS ABOUT SUPPORTING THAT ORANGE MAGGOT EX POTUS.. THIS WASNT ABOUT WOMENS RIGHTS, AND THESE TRUMP SUPPORTERS WHO WANT RIGHT TO LIFE? ARE THEMSELVES MURDERERS BY NOT BANNING AR15s ...WHO BTW ARE KILLING BABIES AND INNOCENT PEOPLE.  SO TELL ME YOU RIGHT WING THUGS..WHERES YOURE EXCUSE FOR NOT SUPPORTING ROE vs WADE? I CAN BET YOU..THAT MORE IF NOT ALL OF YOU, HAVE ABORTED A CHILD YOURSELF FOR WHATEVER REASON YOU MAY HAVE HAD. HYPOCRISY IS YOUR MOTO..THIS IS WHY YOU INSURRECTIONISTS HAVE DIVIDED OUR COUNTRY.  YOURE ALL ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE LAW.
Finally a step closer to stop killing babies insane it was upheld so long and crazy how people still will support it
Lmao thanks for putting that pro-abortion chick in there, she's a huge help to defeating her nonsense so called "progressive" ideas.
The death cult has suffered a set back!!!
Mabe the lefty loses should get get a job instead of protesting
Wonderful day today!!! Now, that doesn't mean I'm going to vilify those that oppose my beliefs. I encourage you to VOTE in your state as you deem fit according to what you believe. The People have more power on the subject, go exercise it!   Personally, Life is once again upheld and important.
Welp welcome to the end everybody. All of our rights are in jeopardy now. Anything can be stripped from us at any moment, and there’s nothing we can do.
This is horrifying, this won't stop abortions, so many women will be injured and die because of this ruling.
Most women can only give birth to one baby in 9 months to a year but within a year a man can get hundreds of women pregnant so it's not the women who need to watch out it's the men.
when Mexico has more abortion rights than the US lol these united states have regressed
Horrible
😆 the Democrat terrorists are losing their minds
I’m so lost, So do women want To be able to get abortions or they want to outlaw them all together? Because there’s good and bad to both sides.
I love it abortion is wrong. The child has no voice it’s up to us to fight for them. It’s about time we start taking back this country from the deviant left.
Women celebrating Life and other women crying they can't Kill legally
Praise God! ❤️🙏🏻
Hey Libs!  How's your week going?
Liberal tears > literally everything else
You say I'm not prolife? While I refuse to kill fully formed babies in the womb? What is pro life to you?
A win for the unborn.. Jane roe lied anyways.. she admitted it in an interview..
Last week: The left fights to allow men in women's bathrooms and sports  Today: The left apparently learned what a woman is and now cares  ....What a time to be alive
Now we need federal agencies to punt their power back to the legislators too. All these issues are for legislators, not lifetime appointees.
The girl with the hanger took me out, I’m sorry
I'm a little confused why Democrats are upset about this. For the last 2 years they have been telling people the the government does indeed control their bodies. Further more, they have also claimed any protest against the government is terrorism. Democrats asked for this
So basically you all rammed your beliefs down our throats. you are pro birth not pro child.  If so why are you not adopting the kids that need your help the most? You basically took our rights to decide for ourselves what we want to do with our own bodies. You are not going to stop abortions, you've stopped safe abortions.
blame trump again
The worst part is men have no say  its unfair from the beginning  sucks for all the men out there who will get trapped now  just another way the government forces the population to increase
Omg you guys need to chill. You act like abortion is made illegal because of this. It's not. You can still murder your undorn babies depending on the state you live in. Geez. Relax. Kill your unborn baby you'll feel better about yourself I'm sure. If you love a abortion that much.
AMEN 🙏 praise GOD!!!!
All of these simpletons can’t understand the separation of church and state nor individual liberties over privacy 🤮
If ALL the women were to leave the workforce as one in protest, watch how fast so called minds would change.
Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
I just don’t agree
How is it the most popular president ever cant get anything done? Trump right? How? Explain lefties..more proof youre the minority and we are the huge majority...trump won!
Get a vasectomy? How about they get a tubal ligation!
Along with this new law government announces Uncle Father Day Grandpa Father Day and rapist Father's Day
What is A.O.C. doing with that bullhorn. Stirring up the crowd. is that not what they're trying to say trump did jan 6th. she should be arrested and jailed. Period...
It doesn't matter what the law says it's never okay to kill babies!
this is horrible. i can’t believe they overturned Roe V. Wade. they just took away a woman’s choice of what she wants to do with her own body. how can you care more for the unborn baby inside a woman’s body, than for the actual woman herself
Imagine telling women what to do with THEIR bodies. Imagine telling them. America is supposed to be the land of the free, but the government isn’t allowing women to choose FREELY what to do to their own bodies?
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I pray it’s a Red GOP Wave in November MAGA For all you that voted for Joe Biden Kiss my Azz
“If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.” 2 Chronicles 7:14❤️ Please don’t take this lightly guys repent today, no day is promised so do it now, here’s the sign you’ve been looking for. God loves you and so do I❤️t
This comment section is not it. No one WANTS to have an abortion. I was raised like these right wingers and had no clue what abortion REALLY was. This is removing safety measures for women who can’t carry a baby safely, but are denied hysterectomies. This is forcing some mothers to carry a very sick child to term, only to have to bury it shortly after birth and putting the baby through pain. This is forcing women who were assaulted to raise their rapist’s child, whether they can afford it or not. If you claim to be pro-life but aren’t a foster parent or adopting those kids yourself, you shouldn’t be proudly boasting that opinion.
It's about time.  Murder is murder.
Damn, so much for women being able to decide what happens to their own bodies right?
For those unaware, this simply just lets states decide what they want to do with abortion. People make it seem like it’s the end of the world
GET A JOB
“They’re not pro life they are pro birth!” These people are impossible to deal with 😂🤡🌎
With all the birth control options available today, there is no excuse for getting pregnant if you don't want to. How about showing some responsibility!  Yes, there will always be exceptions but that's up to your medical professional and the person to decide.
dear god what is this world coming to, this is disgusting. My body MY CHOICE.
And just like that, hope for this country has come back
GG
the left doesn't use guns to kill babies they use torture instruments...
Come on man........it's all Trump's fault.
GOD WINS!!!!!!!!
mfw old men continue to control women and justify it because of a book filled with fairy tales and flawed logic
"Get A Vasectomy" Take two to tango honey. Close your legs if you don't want children.
man the people in these comments are dumb asf, people should have the right to choose their own future, abortion should be legal, argue wit da wall
While it is understandable woman desire to make these choices it must also be remembered the child within has a voice but it has long been silenced by extreme feminism . The new feminism movement will bring more femininity to a society that has taken that away from woman by honoring the beauty of the soul within . Men will be looked upon as planters and less as plants . All that is required is love , not laws ,but love for the life within .
As a pregnant man, I agree 100% with this ruling.
If someone gets an abortion they should fixed to never have a child again
Jesus is King, baby murder will end in His Name.
Choice to be cereal killers!
F.y.i. no such thing as a god or god's.
Elections have consequences
Hey Joe, now that 2000 MULES shows that your election was a fraud, as 80+ million already knew, maybe the Supreme Court will overturn your presidency, too.   We can only hope that they do.
Haha the still manage to bring up trumps name 🤣🤣🤡
It's time to tax churches ... then burn them down for more parking.
Praise God Almighty
Hilarious
You can never keep either side happy. The best solution to the problem is: Tie the tubes, and neuter the man. This debate will end for ever.
Those women that support the pro-life and not understand their own rights and bodies are something. Trump's Supreme courts members 🤮
TRUMP= STILL WINNING
Nice to see an unbiased news presentation. Here’s how, here’s why, here’s both sides of the issue. Now you decide for yourself where you stand.
It’s time for the churches to burn.
I wish we had more young women with pink hair making decisions for the whole country. They have so much life perspective that this country can really use right now. Said no one ever.
Just a distraction
Gonna be alot more baby mama's out there ! 🤣🤪
No man walking around on 2 legs will ever tell my daughter what she can or can't do with her body.
If women can have abortions then men shouldnt have to pay child support
Wow a bunch of old white dude telling women what they can and cannot do. Seems about right lol.
This won't stop individual states from making abortions legal, many states will still have pro-abortion laws.
It’s funny how all the unattractive girls are holding pro-abortion signs
“REEEEEE let me kill babies! REEEEEEE!!!” 🧂 🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🧂🇺🇸
These liberals are so cute, I just want to pinch their little cheeks. They don't know anything about the world or our legal system. kind of funny, yet also very sad.
This is disgusting.
Watching lefty's have a meltdown . PRICELESS 😂🤣🤣
States' rights typically bring a greater level of democracy to the public as they have more control.
Can someone tell me what the 2 opposing sides are? Iono what’s happening
Good that means the people can be the ones who have the say so at the polls
White people amaze me every day 🤡🤡🤡just seeing the privilege this white kids have imagine protesting like this in other countries the will be in the same situation cuplé years ago Mexico was 42 students killed or never found just to think about it
Woohoo!
Abortion should bé legal im every country and if You're not agree with them youre an idiot
# PRO LIFE!!
Y’all more worried about a clump of cells than children who are alive
Nah how about don’t have babies you aren’t gonna be responsible for. Thank god it’s over finally
Abortion is as old as the Bible and Benjamin Franklin even explained how to do it. Nothing will stop women from having abortions. These religious fanatics want to control sexuality, combine church and state, and other private liberties. America is not the land of the free anymore
Hallelujha!
Im middle road centrist but anything that pisses off the clown left is just fine.
I don't know what exactly is happening yet I don't care enough to find out  Just another protest in the 2020s to me
Thank You, Lord!!
i love liberal tears
Praise Jesus
PRO-LIFE
At 0:29 she is IMO absolutely correct. They aren't "Pro-life". And I am pretty sure that Kavanaugh told the US Senate that Roe v. Wade was settled and had no intentions to address it. He lied to the Senate.
you can see the true demons in this video, people crying and screaming over the fact that they cant take a life. those people are from the devil himself and god is testing our society everyday.
bro-
The only good thing about today, is in overturning RvW, this will only help the dems in the midterms. 2/3rds of Amerixans support pro choice
This is good news for once
Nothing like peeps that love having guns to insure their freedom telling others they have no rights of their own. Just remember, "What comes around goes around." Everyone gets their turn in the barrel. I hope you despise whatever comes your way as much as we despise sharing this country with your dumb asses.
As if women will still not get abortions somehow, all you’ve done is made it harder to do but it will still be done. Sooo wooo who cares
I’m disgusted to with the current state of our country. We’re going backwards. If the GOP has its way, women will no longer have the right to vote, everyone will have a gun, and only straight people will have basic rights.
What about my choice in not getting the jab.
Abortion should be made by the choice of the personal body. Rape babies and gun control. If you don’t have something to protect you then you’d be dead in the water.
Wow this is so awesome . Now men have ALL the Ability to baby trap a woman and keep her in an abusive situation!
prayers
Oh yeah🙌 The Baby killers are big mad
I need help in expressing the thought that the timing of the Supremes' Gun and Roe v. Wade rulings are connected to the insurrection hearings, to distract from them. Have you thought that, too ?   How can that be said clearly and concisely.    .... Whatever we say, it will never read as well GOP sloganeering because it requires holding too different thoughts, different topics, then connecting  the dots. So it goes.
0:25 Wait, was that AOC? Lol, I'm happy she's mad now.
Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah JESUS CHRIST is the LORD GOD ALMIGHTY
And the march towards religious fascism continues unperterbed.
The only thing that happened was scotus said "We are not your parents Quit coming to us for permission when you already got a no from someone else."
They love crying in front of cameras.  Get a job, bums.
LoL
These narcissistic pro-murderers are the weak links in this country, it would be a good idea to abort them and stop making this country such a regressive misery
Yes yes yes!!!
Idk if they angry or happy 😂😂😂
Women have been relegated to third class citizens in America, again.
"They are pro birth"   green scarf girl.
Crazy how many people want to murder babies smh
W Supreme Court
If you don’t want to get pregnant, easy. Follow these steps. 100% guarantee that you won’t get pregnant:  1) Abstain: Close your legs 2) Use Condoms 3) Use Contraceptives  4) Plan B Pill 5) Anal 6) Tell the guy to pull out 7) Polish the pole 8) Use your breasts 9) Hand jobs 10) Use sex toys 11) Use a combination of these tactics  If you follow these guidelines, you will never get pregnant and you will never have to kill a baby.
Always here for the comments
God bless america, thanks trump!
When will women be safe?
Now the babies have a chance!
I truly hate this country now. Wish I was in 🇨🇦
Men should have the right to not pay child support too!!!
Hahahahaha cope and seethe!
This is horrible..
disgusting
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
"emotions run high" - Wrong. Its just that the media is trying to social engineer civil unrest like in 2020.
I’m sad. Abortion allowed Democrat women to destroy their offspring. Now we’re going to have more Democrats, which the majority of Americans don’t want as Democrats are the absolute worst thing to happen to the US.
This should help people think about the consequences of their actions.
How come most of the pro-abortion women look as if they never have to worry about getting pregnant?
The reason why they made abortion illegal is that white women are 60% of the abortion rate. White ppl aren't breeding fast enough. By 2035 white in America will no longer be the majority.
Why so many weirdos these days ?
That dumbass girl really had a coat hanger lmfao 🤣 😂 💀 😭 🤦
So 50 years just means nothing? These stupid people keep voting with religion.... forcing it on other people! Freedom of religion my a$$!
GOD will have judgement on the evil democrats
🥳
We need to be responsible for ourselves deal with it.
Lol ! Reeeeeee
The dark cloud of Sharia falls upon America.
this miracle of a decision is really making people show their hatred today
I've been living under a rock? Can someone please tell me what just happened? Can woman still get abortions or not?
ABOUT TIME GOD IS IN CONTROL NO MORE
So if a girl gets raped and gets pregnant, she has to have that child…. That’s tough
its been a bad week for the communists.....hahahahahaha
It's time for a national divorce.
Finally a win for science. You never have a right to kill a child. You want to protect children from gun violence  but then allow women to kill them if they want too.
"we did it" .. you didn't do anything? You're just loud and ignorant?
😆🤣🤣🤣🤣
THANK GOD!!! SAY NO TO ABORTIONS!!!! ABORTIONS IS MURDER. IF YOU DONT AGREE YOU ARE THE ISSUE!!!!
The country is going backwards.
If they're not pro life then why do you keep calling them pro life
Such a sad day for America.
Let republican women have republican men. Liberal Women just say no. Just wait until one of those pro lifers get pregnant by Johnny football in college and they get the joy of raising it by themselves for 18 years lol congrats ladies
This what you get when you VOTE.
Don’t want to get pregnant? Keep your legs crossed!
W
0:35 Damn this lady is completely delusional.
The open carry argument immediately makes you look ignorant.
Not your body not your choice
hoes mad
Pretty sickening to watch women cheering for their own oppression
Just here to troll and laugh! Haha now you can’t abort the baby tyrone and chad made hahahah suck it
Abortion is not a constitutional right. It never has been. And it isn't illegal, it's a state issue. Want abortions on demand move to a blue state. Ignorance is not a virtue
*Planned Parenthood is a branch of the white supremacy’s KKK! Disown Margaret Sanger!*
This is horrible
A sane woman and man cares about their children born or unborn. A true man would die for their wife and unborn child.   Finally we're coming back to sanity
Thank you Lord!!! Praise God!👐
Finally women are held accountable and can't murder the most valuable people in society.
Gun control? UHC? Stick to the issue.
“Yay! Less freedom!”
Conservatives don't realize that this just opened up the door to take away even more of our rights in the future. Ignorance is bliss I suppose
Oh no, a step in returning power to individual state governments instead of letting a corrupt federal government make every decision for us, this is so terrible. 🥱
you mean I cant abort my frivolous and short sighted decisions to hook up with anyone I want? I have to carry it to term and bear my responsibility? I hate conservatives
I wanted to go to this rally but couldn't afford the gas to get there
THANK GOD
I'm woman and I'm good with this. Just other day they wouldn't even say what a woman is. Now it's all about woman's rights 🙄😆
All this does is give states the right to decide.... In many states, the majority do not agree with abortion. if you dislike that ruling, you are free, in America, to relocate to a state that fits your needs and desires. It's quite simple...
Now let them figure out only women can have babies 😂
Hoes mad
Pro birth is bad ? 💀
Thank you 3 appointees….Thank you 🙏🏿
People mad about the decision > "but i really want to kill my baby!"
This is very good news.
Thank you President Donald Trump…You are truly a great American and great President! 🇺🇸⚓️
Pro lifers look rational and sane. The pro baby killers look mentally unstable and evil !
“Pro-birth” lol what 😂😂😂
Good job
this is so terrifying
Imagine if American women were legally allowed to forego motherhood through abortion and adoption, without being legally responsible for child support; yet American men are unable to legally forgo fatherhood without permission from women and are forced to pay pay child support. Double standards and female privilege is fun kids.
What a joke. This ruling merely lets the States decide.
That's what yall get.
It's in the hands of the states. Where it should have been.
Hood job
It's now up to the State. So, guess maybe those State elections matter now hunh?
Hallelujah!!!
Thank you President Donald Trump…You are truly a great American and great President! 🇺🇸⚓️
An answer to MANY PRAYERS!!!!
all this outrage over killing innocent babies
I'm loving this.
Time for the liberal women to cry😢
Who’s in Epstein’s BOOK?
If you don't want to have a baby keep your legs closed
Who’s in Epstein’s BOOK?
Yo I’m gay
😂😂😂
Very often iv seen those girls which are for killing/abortion very un atractive. Like im literaly asking : who would even try impregnate those green haired beings? " Where is theirs point, when it obviously is not theirs "problem" ?  Peace for a world and sun for all :)
💔
This is a true loss 😔 My thoughts go out to all the men and women affected negatively by this ruling 🙏🏻
If abortion is murder then masturbation is genocide, and if they can overturn abortion rights it will be the same with lgbt rights…
devastating news
Whatever they want to do with aborted babies be failed in the name of Jesus Christ!
Quel pays de merde quand même
Justice!
