It's funny how parkzer is like a wild kratts villian for the first challenge
42:08 he kept his promise
I just realized in this video Rosa is above 20 years old and the average max sea otter life span is 23 years, and this video was posted 2 years ago meaning Rosa may have passed.
Rosa❤❤❤
Rosa❤❤❤
why the hell is my state catching strays out here?
Rip rosa
that otter is older than most of your viewwers
I wasnt paying full attention when napoleon said he moved the bishop from C1 to E3. When dougdoug physically showed the path i bursted out laughing at how chat just won against an impossible boss fight against nipple-ian. Truly cinema I_O_I
Anybody else remember the crab meat bit
Best moment in 46:36 XD
2:20 a new... paw touches the beacon
Miss you rosa
o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7o7 to ruby 😢
That "Pure Serotonin" Art submission is just so well done and adorable. It really captures the spirit of Rosa and the adorable good natured fun this was. Still my favorite of the series, and just wish I could find a higher resolution copy.  Thanks, Rosa. Mere sketches of you still make me smile long after your passing.
1:02:35 KATANA ZERO REFERENCE SPOTTED
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rigged!
1:41 So her nickname could be IvyF
Claude Lobster? More like Fraude Lobster
Google‘s been real quiet
4:36 Vishnu reincarnating as Rosa for fun
Straight up, the most amazing thing about this community is that we all share one brain cell yet have SO many talents and ideas, like crochet or a ring or art or a scuplture, etc. i love you guys, and i love rosa (fly high, beautiful angel, your work here is done)
Yes Rosaaaa RIP 😓 Also love how every single time Parkzer comes on (as far as I’ve seen) he’s just “hello…Douglas…Douglas…”
from 300 dollars to 300k in five years, that's actually insane. I'm so new to the community but its incredible to see how much good there is. Doug^2 being so positive about every single art submission and really taking the time to compliment every one.
Damn this is so weird...ly wholesome
RIP ROSA 🕊️
Fly high Rosaaa!!! <3
Long live the queen
Rest in peace and power Rosa! Swim high! ❤
Rest in peace Rosa the otter
RIP rosa ❤ you will live on in our hearts, and we all wish that you have infinite shrimp in sea otter heaven
Rosa will be missed
I want furry rosa! Pwes jk
June 5 will forever be a dark day
20:39 I'll always appreciate parkzer's intense flavor text just to dump plastic.
We now need ivy birthday party
Rest in peace Rosa.❤
I can't get over how Rosa had no idea how famous she was or the kind of impact she's had. RIP
Crazy to see that we all doubled the 300k in 2024!
Now make a series for the youngest otter till it dies Rosa reborn
Gone but not forgotten.
Good bye Rosa 😢🤚 WE MISS YOU!!!!!!!!!!  o7
Rip Rosa
Please host another birthday for rosa, even though she's passed. We love her and want. Her to continue living on
rip rosa
rip rosa
rip rosa
Otters are my favorite animals his was refreshing 😂😂
07 you give us so much love 💕 my you rest in peace go bye Rosa
RIP ROSA
25:38 Dapper, you say?
Rip Rosa o7
RIP Rosa
RIP Rosa 🙏
you di a hro 7o
Remember, the sky is blue because it’s an ocean in heaven for Rosa to swim in.
In 24 days, on august 26th, she would have turned 25. Rest In Peace Rosa. We will always remember you.
RIP Rosa. May you swim in the clouds
I'm sorry I was late. Goodbye.
As someone who lives in New Mexico, I agree that I don't live here. I suffer here.
It sucks we couldn't take the compass, best 50 dollars i ever spent though
o7
o7
doug doug isnt paying taxes this year
o7
Nice to see so much love for everyones favorite water-dog😊❤
o7
RIP Rosa. You impacted so many lives, both otter and human. You brought good to the world, inspired a community to donate over $300,000 dollars for your home, and made countless people smile. Rest well. 💜
o7
o7
RIP Rosa
i miss you rosa
Truly rip Rosa the greatest ever born
Rip Rosa you will be missed
Rip rosa. The queen may have died but she still lives on in heaven.
Doug hold a funeral
Rip
They became americas Seamen
I love how you have the aquarium on chat 😂😂❤
Happy birthday, Rosa
Rip
RIP Rosa, you will always be in our hearts
Rosa helped raise so many otter pups though and her legacy will live on in our hearts forever.
RIP Rosa
Please tell me we are doing atleast one more go for Rosa this year
Been binging all of her birthday parties… needed to see Rosa
We need a new rosa
you, mam, are an otter...
RIP Rosa
So glad I got to see rosa in person before she passed, much love from Costa Rica ♥
seeing everyone in the comments section hoping rosa will live for a long time is really sad
:( rip rosa, you where older then me but 10x as cute. thats crazy
is there any way to check out the minecraft world?
44:41 not everyone considers the siphonophore as a creature due to it being a colonial organism
We miss you Rosa o7
Hoping we can continue the birthday streams to honor her memory Im sure she'd want her daughters to have delicious crabs
:( rip rosa long live rosa
Rest in peace, sweet princess
dougdoug- the greatest crowdfunder to ever live. thank you for gracing us with good causes. and rip our wonderful rosa ❤️
rip rosa a great otter maby even the best
Doug Doug and our community gave a lot to keep her happy, so we must not be sad for her parting, but happy because we did what we could to make her stay is this place...a great time.  Thank you.
RIP Rosa we all love you so much
Rest In Peace Rosa. Have a great time in heaven
Rip rosa
R.I.P Rosa she was one of the most Influential sea otters ever!
Can confirm, New Mexico is uninhabitable. Also, RIP Rosa :(
ill miss you Rosa 😢
Rosa! An inspiration to so many, you’ll forever be in the hearts of gamers and good people everywhere. 🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡  Thank you, good girl.
Swim high
Rosa
RIP Rose
when the otter has more than double your age:
"The sea is a fickle mistress. Today she favored you, but be on your guard, for the tide always changes. My defeat will be but a droplet in the mighty ocean of our conflict." -AI Napoleon Bonaparte to Rosa the sea otter, 2023 Rest in peace Rosa.
rememberance charity stream rosa is a legend
Rip. 🫡
RIP
Rest in peace Rosa, your efforts in raising otter pups will never be forgotten,  you were the second oldest sea otter in the world, can’t wait for the memoriam birthday party.
The internet has come together to mourn the lose of one special otter. God speed Rosa, you really were a great otter 🫡
This doesn't have to be Rosa's last birthday party. We still love her, animals at the aquarium still need the money. Rest in peace, queen
Rest in peace Rosa😢
Rip Rosa may you rest in otter heaven
RIP Rosa. We will miss you ❤
Rest in Pease Rosa our queen
o7
rip Rosa we all loved you ❤
Can we fundraiser for the other otters as a tradition
I vote we make her birthday a national holiday
man. that hits hard. rest in peace rosa. I'm glad I got to know such an amazing sea otter.
R.I.P Rosa
RIP Rosa, may you eat all the Shrimp and Fish whereever you are
RIP Rosa. You were the greatest sea otter. May she pass the loving torch to a new generation of otters!
o7 rosa
Fly High Rosa.
RIP Queen Rosa
Now we have to change to Rosa rememberance streams on her birthdays, we can’t stand at only 1 tier above Google, we need to be 2 above
We should continue this tradition. In remembrance of Rosa. Plus, it would help the people who gave Rosa a good life.
Rip Rosa x-x coming back to rewatch
NOT THE NAVYYYYYY!
Even if Rosa is no longer with us, can we keep this tradition going
Rip 🪦
Im glad to see im not the only one here after the news of her pasting, godspeed and 07 to rosa the sea otter
R.I.P. Rosa
God rest Rosa’s soul. The best otter there ever was.
Rest well Rosa❤
Rosa. Gone, but not forgotten.
I'm going to Monterey Bay Aquarium this year, I'm sad I never got to meet Rosa, but I will go in her honor! And say hello to all her children/friends at the Aquarium
31:21 RIGGED!
August the 26th shall now be Rosa Memorial Day. To celebrate the wonder life she lived. 😢 ❤
I hope Doug will continue to honour Rosa and raise money on her birthday for years to come.
Rest in peace, Rosa ❤️ We all love you and I’m so glad I was able to be part of celebrating your birthday. We will miss you, our queen.
Rest in Peace Rosa we loved you dearly.
What a legend Never knew that I could get emotionally connected to a sea otter.
RIP to Rosa, may she keep doing, such a good job, in heaven
Rip rosa
RIP Rosa 😭
I’ll miss her forever. Doug, you’ve created a touchstone for one of the most wholesome things ever. Thank you for everything. You’ve brought so much happiness and joy and I’m happy to be a part of it.
Rest in peace Rosa, we love you!
RIP Rosa, Long may the TRUE queen reign. o7
o7, swim high Rosa 🩵
o7 rosa
O7 for Rosa she high up but there is still a small place for her and for everyone who loved her Rest In Pease
o7 rosa
RIP Rosa. Have fun eating your shrimp in the sky. o7
We have to raise half a million this year. For Rosa
13:58 Chemical warfare is addressed in the Geneva Protocol (1925), the Biological Weapons Convention (1972), and the Chemical Weapons Convention (1973) 14:50 Using oil spills as weapons is prohibited by the Geneva Conventions (1949), ENMOD (1976), ICC (1998), UNSCRs, and ICL 20:44 Child Labor, no need to explain 21:11 Littering into the ocean is prohibited by MARPOL 73/78, the London Convention (1972), the Basel Convention (1989), and UNCLOS (1982) 23:43 No mass fishing because of UNCLOS (1982), UN Fish Stocks Agreement (1995), and the Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries (FAO, 1995)
This hits different with what the aquarium announced recently
RIP Rosa.
Rest in peace, our little Sea Otter Rosa. 24 years.   Conspiracy theory: google is responsible
o7
fun fact: the reason rosa died was because the twitch chatters didn't have enough money to surpass last year's donations while doug doug was talking.
Rest in peace Rosa❤
Long live Rosa.  Never truly gone, as she’ll never forgotten ♥️🦦
I hope the charity streams can continue in some way, Rosa may be gone, but sea otters are still endangered and still need our help!!!
Goodbye Rosa o7
o7.
o7 Rosa.
i hope we keep this tradition going, to honor Rosa’s legacy <3
o7
Rosa must be so happy seeing this in Valhalla. May she forever rest in peace and happiness!
I hope that we get more celebrations for the rest of the otters in memory of our queen
rip rosa
Rest in Peace Rosa, the internet sea otter
Who is watching this after rosa.........went to a farm :(............
Rosa didnt die, she just went to conquer the skies. An angel must return home after blessing humans .
Rest in Peace Rosa.
I hope you still do these streams. Even with Rosa gone, I think that the money you raised for Monterey Bay made a difference and brought together a lot of people.
I never got to participate in these streams, nor see Rosa myself, but I will make sure to catch the next monetary bay stream. RIP Rosa, you were fire
Rosa will live on in history for ever, because she was not the oldest sea otter at that aquarium, she was the oldest sea otter! Whenever you look up the oldest sea otter rosa shows up, meaning she will now live forever!
I kind of like the idea that without a specific figurehead otter to garner everyone’s support, suddenly the Rosa Memorial Stream would turn into everyone vying for their personal favorite younger otter while raising all the money for the same universal cause regardless  Myself, I’m an Ivy supporter. I think having the hype and art be scattered and not united is honestly more in line with the DougDoug community anyway.
Rosa😢😢😢 life will never be the same. Rest in peace dearest
Rip Rosa 😢 when I saw that tweet from Doug. I actually teared up because not that long ago, I decided to try to catch up on his videos, and these past 2 months have been amazing seeing the work that was done for Rosa and the Aquarium. Then, I was thinking, "I actually get to be a part of these streams when I'm caught up!"  Not saying I won't be, but I'm just glad to see Rosa was takened cared of by the aquarium and the wonderful community here. This is legitimately the most wonderful community that youtube will ever have, especially raising over 400k for one reason for 4 years straight. I love this community and can't wait to see what there is more to see ❤❤
RIP rosa
rip rosa, may you be eating several pounds of sea food in the clouds  chat must choose rosas successor !!!
RIP Rosa. I still can't believe that she passed away.
rest in peace the best otter
:(
o7 I may have only discovered you yesterday but it feels like I've known you for your whole life (even though your older than me)
RIP Rosa
Rip Rosa, you will be missed❤❤❤
Rest in peace Rosa you will be missed by everyone may you have the highest quality shrimp in heaven ❤️
Rosa was taken from us too soon o7 May she find peace where she rests ❤
We miss you Rosa you were taken from us to soon 😢
Rip
Rest in peace, rosa you will be missed
RIP Rosa, now she can watch over all of us in her sea throne
RIP Rosa, beloved Otter and DougDoug mascot.
god speed rosa😢 may you do a really good job, whatever it is! and endless shrimp for ever, in heaven.
o7
Rest in peace rosa your the biggest inspiration for everyone
o7
o7
We will 7x it to 2.1 million in memory of Rosa. ❤️
Rest in piece
Rip Rosa, we will still celebrate your birthdays even if you are at a better place
o7
Rest in peace Rosa. Fly high
I just found out about this sea otter. Rest in peace.
o7 for rosa, she will be missed
o7. One of the best things to come out of DougDoug Inc- 11/10
o7
o7
o7
o7
rest in peace rosa, you will be missed
o7
Im going to miss our queen. I hope youre enjoying infinite shrimp in Otter Heaven Rosa, rest in peace 💖
Rip rosa 07
We must give her the best of party’s now even if it is tragic we must not mourn we must celebrate the life she had
RIP Rosa 😢🫡
RIP
o7 Rest in piece Rosa you queen <3
Rest in Shrimp Rosa o7
If it wasn't for DougDoug, I never would've known that Rosa existed but boy what an existence she had!  Thank you Rosa for your contributions to marine conservation (and looking absolutely adorable doing it lol) and thank you DougDoug and the entire DougDoug community for the joyful birthday celebrations for Rosa and positive impact on marine rescue and conservation!
o7
Rip Rosa
rip   may she eat  lots and shrimp and play with lots of toys
o7
o7
Right here after Rosa passed away, in June on the 5th 2024 ❤ may she rest in heaven and eat lots of shrimp ❤
Rip Rosa mqy she rest in shrimp
I wish nothing but the best shrimp for you Rosa, o7❤
o7 Rosa. You were deeply loved. Hope you’re having all the shrimp and squid you want up in the water in the sky
I am so sad. RIP
Rest in peace rosa
Rest in peace rosa ❤❤  The best otter to ever live
rosa's swimming in the sea in the sky now
well...with rosas departure to the high seas....this hits different...imma go cry real quick
o7 rosa, you were good queen real good, maybe even the best
O7
o7
o7 rosa
R.I.P Rosa you will be missed queen
o7
rip
coming back to this makes me really sad.RIP Rosa you will be missed.
rest in peace, rosa T^T
RIP Rosa the sea otter
Rest In Peace Rosa ❤
I'm gad we gave Rosa the appreciation she deserved while we could, she was the best damn sea otter I'll ever know o7
RIP Rosa 1999-2024
Rest in peace Rosa. The best otter ever born. For those who don’t know, she was euthanized on June 5th, 2024.
Rest in Peace Queen 👑
R.I.P. Queen👑
o7 Queen
o7
o7
o7
o7 Rosa ❤
I saw on tumblr from the monterrey bay aquarium official tumblr that rosa passed away today due to age related issues. It is a sad day for this community, but we can at least look forward to the commemoration of Rosa that im sure doug will put together for her
rest in peace rosa
RIP Rosa
Rip Rosa you will be missed thank you for everything you did for all Sea otters out there ❤️❤️❤️
o7 to the queen. I hope the yearly tradition of celebrating Rosa’s birthday continues on, even if she won’t be here to celebrate with us physically.
Rest in peace Rosa, you will live on swimming around in the heavens. may they have as much octopus and headless squid as you want.
Goodnight Rosa 👑. It was fun while it lasted o7
Rest in peace, Rosa
R.I.P Rosa.
Rest in peace, Rosa. 🐾
Man it hits hard when you realise that this is the last time this will ever happen... RIP Rosa
rip rosa
R.I.P Rosa. You changed so many people’s lives and were the best otter in the universe. We all love you ❤
R.I.P Rosa died 2024 June 5
R.I.P. emojis cannot describe how sad we are. we should do a stream on when Rosa’s birthday is to raise money for the other otters in her honor. R.I.P.
Rip Rosa, she died this Wednesday at 24. She helped raise numerous orphaned pups and saved the sea otter population.
o7
Road to 1 million this year?
Rest in peace. MAy you have infinite shrimp and fish in 0tter heaven.
o7 RIP our queen 😢
o7
o7
o7
O7 to our queen. Thank you for all the years. We will never forget you. ❤
o7
Godspeed Rosa
o7
so sad to return here now. rest in peace, Rosa❤
Rest in peace, Rosa. You lived a happy life!
Rest in peace, Rosa. We will never forget you ❤
i hate to announce rosa passed away june 5th of 2024. May you have as much shrimp and lobster as you desire.
Rest in peace Rosa, you're gone now, but you'll never be forgotten.
A surrogate mother for 14 otter pups, an administrator to her species, and just the cutest creature to grace this earth.   Thank you DougDoug for introducing us to Rosa, thank you Monterey Bay Aquarium for taking such good care of her. And thank you Rosa for making our days a little brighter. I'll miss seeing your lazy little backstrokes on the live otter cam.
o7
Fly high, Rosa
Making my way through the back catalogue I’ve accumulated and my timing couldn’t have been worse o7 Rosa, you will be missed
RIP I already miss her
o7 rosa!
What is a wave, without the ocean? A beginning without an end? They are different, but they go together. Now you go among the stars, while I fall among the sand. We are different, but we go together. RIP Rosa ❤
I love this, can't wait for 2024 Rosa's Birthday!!!
o7
o7, Rest In Peace our beautiful otter queen.
o7 Rosa
o7 to the best otter ever
o7
While we can be sad, we can also celebrate Rosa’s incredible life, from how much she accomplished for the species of Sea Otter, to the fact that she lived almost 5 years over her average life expectancy! Rosa was one of, if not the most influential otter of all time, and I can’t wait to celebrate her life this year as well.
o7
o7 Rosa
Rewatching this video yet again to celebrate the long and beautiful life of this otter. Swim high Rosa.
RIP Rosa, you're swimming in the sky now ❤
Rest in peace Rosa
F
rest in peace Rosa
Rip Rosa
RIP rosa
The final part of my Rosa binge. I hope to attend the next Rosa stream, though she has gone to the ocean in the sky
rest in peace, rosa. ❤
Rip rosa
rest in peace rosa. the joy you've brought to millions of people will never be forgotten
Rest in peace Rosa. We love you.
RIP Rosa
Rest in Peace, Rosa. You will be dearly missed by the whole DougDoug community.
o7’s in chat for Rosa who passed on June 5th 2024. May you have all the shrimp in the heavenly sea above Rosa. R.I.P. to a legend.
Goodbye Rosa you were amazing
Man rip rosa
A true legend was lost on june 5th, 2024. RIP Rosa <3
Rip rose enjoy ur shrimp and crab in the sky
RIP Rosa <3
RIP Rosa You will be missed
Swim high my queen.
RIP Rosa, Rosa was such a great otter and it is so sad to see her no longer with us.
RIP Rosa, died June 5th today.
R.I.P. Rosa the Queen
Rosa the sea otter sadly died yesterday.
rip
Eat all the crabs you want Rosa, I'm sure you wont ever run out again ❤ 🫡
Swim high Rosa 🫡
R.I.P Rosa swim high
Rest in peace Rosa, I never got to see you live but I'll miss you ☹️
swim high our queen
rest in peace Rosa. you will be missed
Swim high, Rosa
o7
Found out Rosa passed away today, RIP Rosa.
Rest In peace Rosa you will be missed
R.I.P Rosa. 1999-2024.
Watch down on this community from above, Ms. Rosa. Rest in peace ❤
She's shooting balls in the great Peggle level in the sky
I was wondering why youtube was pushing this video in my recommended so hard today.   I wish this wasnt the reason though.  Eat all the Shrimp and Squid you want, Rosa
Fly high Rosa
Rest is peace, Rosa the sea otter
I still can't believe she's really gone😢
Rest in peace…
We love you, Rosa! You will be missed! Rest in peace!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️😭😭🦦🦦🦦🦦🦦
Rest well Rosa, we'll miss you
It hurts me to say rosa passed. ❤❤❤❤
coming back to watch this in honor of Rosa, rest in peace little queen 👑
Rest in peace Rosa  Late August 1999-June 5 2024 24 years We love you 🦦❤
Rip Rosa, you’ve done such amazing things for this community and you will live on forever in our hearts
RIP Rosa. Your birthday inspired a whole Internet community to come together and celebrate. Even had a moment of being shouted out by the aquarium itself. ❤
Rest In Peace Rosa😢
rosa was a real one... may she rest in peace eating all the shrimp up there
Rest in peace rosa
Rest in peace
Rest in peace queen Rosa
Rest in peace Queen Rosa
RIP Queen Rosa
rest in peace
Rest in peace rosa
RIP Rosa she will be missed
Rest in peace beloved friend.
RIP
RIP Rosa
This was Rosa’s final birthday party. God Bless.
Napoleon Ai killing his own king and planting a French flag on its corspe is the most French move he could have taken.   A+ no notes
3:30 is that Drew Durnil?
this stream somehow got me obsessed with sea otters, and im not even ashamed.
This is just so wonderful & wholesome.   So Cl and Na are the two most common things in SALT water? and that's a HARD question? Ok then AI.
Fun fact, the pirates in Captain Philips where actually sea otters wearing meat suits
☆☆☆☆☆☆
Hold up, the DougDoug community have a minecraft server? Whats the IP? :D
LETS GET TO A MILLION FOR HER 25TH!!!!1!!!1!!1 FUCK YEAH!!!
5 months left till 2milion and 100k
28:30 TIDAL WAVE???? IS THAT A GEPMETEDY DASH DERFREFECEMN?::::: ZOINK IS CHEATER!!! LITERALLY SPACEK!! NO I WILL NOT TOUCH GRASS? I HAVE TO BEAT BACK ON TRACK!!!
b
you should raise 140,000 dollars to pay off my student loans 😳
32:05 Sea Empress from subnatica?
4:32 dutch i found a see ottor
D:
oh my cod
Next year. 500k
I love how every year we literally double last year’s results
Napoleon Killing His Own King Seems Lore Accurate (Cause French)
Wth dude thats 1/3rd of my net worth and I am amazed that you were able to raise this amount of money, you really should be the top streamer
Emily from the Monterey Bay Aquarium helping out DougDoug, this random ass streamer, is so awesome and funny to me. And then her "Dear university, please don't take my degree away" , man she seems lovely xD
We love Rosa.
LONG LIVE ROSA!!!
FUCK GOOGLE WERE ARE JUST BETTER!
ROSA!!! POGGIES!!!
Monetary Bay: Acknowledges The DougDoug community. Chat 3-5 seconds later: *explodes in happy*
Love these streams. Rosa and I are the same age, I will remember that queen for the rest of my life.
56:26  On the other hand if Google does donate more then twitch chat will start feuding with Google and the aquarium will raise SO MUCH MONEY
Word
i love how pleased he is with the artwork, he is genuinely proud.
Rosa actually escaped in 2020 and started the pandemic.
parkzer likes nuclear war
Rosa’s birthday aside, I love AI Napoleon so much
It’s Cthulhu you idoté
I remember when rosa summoned Cthulhu back in 2005
40:21 I want a rosa children’s book about her raising the pups
41:40 the best art yet 46:39 rigged
Play more douggle
WE MUST GET TO THE TOP OF THE LIST!
300k and not a single toy in sight lol
14:00 no, its not.yet...
28:29 tidal wave no way
42:22  this is my fav drawing
It would be funny if they got their own donation board
These ads are on another level of targeted. I got one where a character's name was rosa, and another one about the company "otterbox". This can't be coolincidence.
I SHARE A BIRTH MONTH WITH ROSA!!!!!I CAN DIE HAPPY NIW!!!!
2:21 a new hand touches the beacon
4:55 Okay the Rosa DOOM art is a vibe
A this rate Rosa’s 401K is fully funded by DougDoug & twitch chat
It seems parkzer is actually kinda goofing
2:27 im dying
rosa is awesome
I really don’t want to be a downer but the average lifespan of a female sea otter is 15 - 20 years. SO WHO ARE WE SACRIFICING TO EXTEND HER LIFETIME?!?!?
I HAVE 3 GREAT LOVES!  ROSA, SCIENCE AND DOUGDOUG!!
Well tbf Napolean only ordered his row of pawns to move up 2 rows not the entire back row as well. That’s why he thought they were still on their original spots
Does anyone know where the lego2kdrive part of the fan art category is
TBH this is not the first time the french killed their king and planted the french flag...
Why is Arthur from red dead redemption 2 holding Rosa
I live in New Mexico 😢😢😢
32:04 SUBNAUTICA REFERENCE!?!??!
I adore how there is one day - one stream - every year that twitch chat co-operates. And that is this one. That just shows Rosa's influence
17:27 holup, is that the doug doug mug mug in Parkzer's background?
I'm terrible at art, but I really want to try and make some kinda of biblically accurate rosa with a party hat and a fish cake in the corner with twitch chat and doug praying below. Weird, I know, but I'm in a biblically accurate mood right now.
42:03 I actually plan on making an "Otterficar" for a DND campaign. She's builds machines and is the ultimate mama :)
im abt to cry bruh i love rosa
Just want to brag, my birthday is the same as Rosa's (August 26th)
The fact that in 4 years, the original donation amount was multiplied by a little over 1,000 is absolutely absurd
This is Otter Conundrum
when is her birthday? edit: its on november but i don't know what day
I LOVE OTTERS
Well get mrbeast to donate 10 mill
i cant wait for the next 2.1 mil raised
i just realized how old sea otters normaly live to be and ROSA NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Queen Rosa and king doug
This was otterly insane! Congrats Rosa!
imagine he kept the money and retired
I swear if twitch chat can raise a $1 million next year it’ll be crazy
I love how Doug Doug is such a good person, yet such a jerk at the same time lol
Somone please make a wiki about the great human-otter war
next time host a game jam for rosa themed games
Good luck raising more than a million next year lol
otters are the best animals
9:41 Sea Of thieves music starts playing 💀🏴‍☠
cant wait for this year
this should become a national holiday
This video brings me back to my past. My primary school's mascot was the otter.
lets go 25th birthday
Alright guys, 1 MILLION FOR 2024!
this guy has gotta be rich now
I driving 17 hours next year from Canada to the monetary bay aquarium
i love how napoleon basically crippled twitch chat and then spent the rest of the game fighting himself
This man’s tax writers are greater than trumps
I mean if this continues your gonna end up donating. Like 10mil next time
When was the day this was streamed? I see this was uploaded on 10/10. I'd love to make the stream this year
I’m so happy YouTube recommended me this I was in a dark place, but this video showed me some light. Thank you Dougdoug and community.
rosa is literally older than me
Peak Otterology
I live right near this aquarium and it’s the best
Rosa is older than me
12:04 I love how Twitch chat was being silly and fun and then there was Parkzer committing war crimes. 44:34 The Monterey Bay Aquarium PR Lady (Emily) taking part in the trivia questions is actually adorable omg. 46:37 It's official they've become part of the Dougdoug fanbase.
That was amazing
I absoltuely love DougDoug's dedication to posting as much as he can of the Rosa streams.
"Let's play a cute AI game about conquering the ocean"  Parkzer: "Chemical warfare it is"
Could you somehow raise 300,000 for my birthday?
So... ngl, before watching this video... I didn't know Rosa was a real  I'm also new
I promise to be there next year Edit: i should’ve been there this year
I just realized that I think I'm around the same age as this otter 😂
I can’t wait till next year E: oh…
next years were raising 500k
19:28 I love how this just lists every single trope twitch chat does in AI Invasions
WHEN DOUG DOUG USED CELESTE FIRST STEPS I WAS CURRENTLY PLAYING A GAME THAT WAS USING FIRST STEPS SO I WAS SO CONFUSED LIKE "why is there 2 first steps playing?"
23:53 at this point, rosa is just an scp
Bro how could google not even match someone for donations to the best seaotter the world has ever seen!!!!!!
I desperately want a link to dougle
"such a good job at buoyant" what a sentence lol
500 dougzillion next birthday
Oter vidoe😊
Parkzer should have married Japan for control of the North Pacific.
I can’t wait for next year where chat somehow donates over 2 million to this otter
I’m so ready for next year
No freddie fish😢
OH MY COD!!
ROSSSSSSSSSSSSA
Dude, this community is incredible. The depth of artistic talent and sheer creative ability present here blows me away
Pog otter
As someone who lives in New Mexico, I can verify it is uninhabitable.
For 25 years, reach out and host the stream at the Aquarium
dougdoug is better then google
It’s crazy how it gets so much higher every year
didn't expect Parkzer to instantly commit cross-hemisphere chemical warfare
49:45 wouldnt the OH- and H3O+ Ions be much more abundant than either chlorides or sulfates?
i just realized that napoleon definately did not kill himself there... he moved the bishop illegally like a rook, not diagonally
Doug should absolutely visit Rosa during one of these streams and give her some fish and pets. Also he should get a real tattoo in a reasonable place, maybe the calf or on his back or something.
35:49 to be fair, you should have expected the french to kill their own king
Hi
I've been going to the monteray bay aquarium for years ever since i was 4. There is only 1 thing to say... they have great shrimp tbh also cool otters
Did he actually raise 300 grand? Theres no way he actually got 300k in donations
Which is also why water boils at a lower temp when at a high altitude, where the air is thinner
I love rosa!
i was born in Santa Cruz and have seen rosa irl! this is super awesome :)
Rosa is older then me
Twitch Chat is so good at chess! Poggies!
cant wait for the day rosa is wealthier than elon musk
Rigged
hey now... as a new mexican, this is a.... place....  come for vacation, stay on probation! lol
i hope even after rosa dies this tradition continues
4 more years until Rosa becomes the oldest sea otter ever. We need 40 billion for that year I think we can do it❤  Edit: No we can't 😔💔
Otter🦦
The humans were to dependent on Rosa, so she decided to stay with them
I hope she doesn’t get zoochosis
Its wonderful that you do so much for a zoo. You are a wonderful person
Are you going to make the 100% chair stream into a yt video?
Next up,500,000,and then 1 million
Next year, Doug will shave off his hair, and become the bald king he was always destined to be.
hey doug why not have the wizard instead as a druid
sharks do actually have cartalidge, not bones. it's true! that's why all we really have of ancient sharks are jaws and teeth, the only things they have that are actually bone.
Rip Paul from mitten sqaud
I love that the monent parkzer is fighting otters he becomes a captain planet villain
i know that logically we can’t keep up this growth rate but i also want to believe we can get a million
insane
12:59 i love that the ai, despite being told that the compound is just for otters harm, is insisting that the otters want it
3:15 HE PICKED UP ONE OF PARKZER'S MANNERISMS 15:59 Look, right there
Who else cried during the fanart sections?
I'm sad I've only just learnt about this. Come 2024 i'll be here. I fucking adore donating to stuff like this. I donate yearly to the WDC so i'll throw in some for Rosa too. Uh, I mean Monterey Bay Aquarium.
You do know otters are cannibals
To be fair France killing their own king is nothing new
23:38
I LOVE YOU ROSAAAAA
Parkzer taking Doug’s stupid AI game come completely seriously is hilarious.
41:26 Cool
For Rosa’s next birthday, you should do a Twitch Plays Skyrim event where the goal is to complete the Destroy the Dark Brotherhood quest as a female cellan named Rosa.
I went to the Monterrey bay aquarium a couple days ago and when I saw rosa I immediately thought about dougdoug.
This video was super funny especially because I watched it with a fever and it felt like an odd fever dream
That's not E1......
1.4 Million next year?
Parkzer was canonically Irl Leon Kennedy during his cop phase due to the everyone is here art.
Yippe
Fun fact: Rosa has a Wikipedia page.
Fun fact: Rosa has a Wikipedia page.
Next year. We go for the million!
new mexico is a great place
Queen Rosa
I was on a cruise during this years stream I was really sad I missed it
Napoleon turned chess into magic the gathering, basically
I saw all of these otters for my birthday. Rosa told me she was very happy.
"she is so good a buoyant"
The culmination of this is going to be 1 million dollars for rosa’s funeral in like 3 years
I still love parkzer being logical and twitch are just I SUMMON CTHULU
The chat vs Parker battle was so rigged
HAD A GANG FEUD WITH A SHARK? SELKA IS BADASS!
Rosa was born 2 months after I was and has done far more in life than I have
I’ve had a hug fear of the sea for a few years now, yet I still find Rosa cute. LETS GO ROSA!
Killing your king and placing a french flag is the most french thing ever
2023!
FOR OUR QUEEN!!!!
TO 500 K FOR ROSA
Selka is a freaking savage
Im fashionably late so happy birthday rosa
DougDoug got Monterey Bay Aquarium's official account to say "RIGGED" and that makes me so happy.
I like how Parkzer turned into a Captain Planet villain.
I know that I'm late but i remade hey there delihlah but for Rosa
I can't wait for my 24rd birthday
i never watched dougdoug because i HATE the "if i say this then that happens" video thumbnails, and boy do I regret that
Rosa 1000%percent awesome selka 1000% badass
I am a few months older than Rosa, but I am happy to share the same year :)
As someone who was there for the full 12 hours, this was the greatest birthday party I had ever been to
50:06 you love sea otters dont you?
As a former navy nuke I feel obligated to refer to myself as a former navy nuke and not specify what I actually mean with that term and let your imagination run wild.
Monterrey Aquarium saying RIGGED was epic
Next year 1mill?
cant wait for rosa to turn 29 and be the oldest sea otter ever
ROSA!!!🤩🥳🎉
People be out here taking out loans for a sea otter. And I’m all here for it 😅
"She does such a good job at buoyant"
we need to get jeff bezos for the next birthday
This is the most wholesome thing the internet has ever produced
Very cool video 😍
I like to imagine that Googles stock prices took a hit due to being overshadowed by Doug’s community
This isn’t every Omni man kill in invincible…
Rosa
46:53 was a jumpscare for me specifically I did Not expect to hear about one of my ancestors in a YouTube video in the middle of the night
Napoleon really finished the game in the most French way possible, killing his own king
I went the monetary aquarium and I got a otter plush
I just saw rosa yesterday, She’s doing fine, she really is a distinguished lady
when rosa dies im gonna honestly cry for a year
My donation and art was there sick
The oldest Female otter was 28... im sure she will beat that
A086 is my personal favorite of the art.
tbh the 1billion idea doesn't seem as crazy as it goes on considering the 7X per year
Doug, you should genuinely try to get in contact with a plush company and make that Rosa plush, with all proceeds going to Monteray Bay Aquarium
Monterey Bay aquarium has red listed Maine lobster fisherman wrongly over right whales they are a scummy company and deserve no money or attention
Holy shit Rosa is the same age as me
Aside from all the other amazing things from this stream, my favorite part will forever be the "Fuck you Google!" Rant by chat
No one expects the French to kill the king🤣😂🤣😂
Man this was fun. Not only is it a great charity event, it feels like an awesome culmination and celebration of the channel.
I hope you keep doing this even when she passes away.
I calculated it last year so imma do it again. If you add up the amount of money from every Rosa Birthday stream, you'll end up with an insane grand total of $423556.51
Rigged
I was watching this like every other Rosa video, but then about 10 mins in it hit me: I live in Monterey now, so I could actually visit Rosa. I know what I’m doing next Saturday lol.
For some reason my cat thinks Rosa is a mouse and is attacking my phone
furry
Hello there. :D
you loving the omega strikers music huh? too bad that games shutting down I cry
the best stream of the year
Napoleons the goofy villain equivalent to the doudoug channel.
Oh my cod.
Dude, what is parkzer, like, politically?
i have no idea what a dougdoug is, but rosa is my homegirl. nice to see her using her fame to bring eyes to the little guys
rosa is my new queen
I want AI Napoleon to return
fuck i knew i forgot something shit sorry rosa ill be there next year
You know, life has been pretty rough for me these past couple years. But I'm glad I'm living the time, where an Otter can get a third of a million dollars. And could quiet possibly 1 day get 1 million raised.
NEXT YEAR WE GET A MILLION!
I love this so much. random hyper fixation from internet groups that results in animals getting shit tons of money makes me so happy and I wish Rosa could understand how big of a fan base she has XD
Nice stream lol
I grew up as a kid going to monterey bay aquarium. So happy to see my life come full circle with DougDoug, a youtuber who used to LIVE in my local town, support a familiar organization that i believe is great for rehabilitating and help with publicity. Much love Doug
Imagine working at Monterey Bay Aquarium and seeing that some guy played video games with some other guys and long story short here is 300k
My bucket list is seeing Rosa in person
Aquarium receives so much money from Doug Doug they’ll taxidermy her when she dies to make sure they get donation money. They’re gonna RIG IT
I had a sudden realisation... does AI Napoleon know which side of the board his pieces are on? And does he even know which pieces he's using? Gotta say, this is highly rigged, Napoleon was literally just swinging in the dark.
How French of Napoleon to kill his king
Lets goooo
Wont be a surprise if you somehow raise 1 million in one stream.
Napolean and the French killing their own king while planting flags. Very on theme for them honestly.
I’ll say, Rosa is way more important than me.
I like how napoleon is like a mini boss that gets new abilities every time you fight him
What video has the origin story/lore about Parkzer's gun
Just noticed PhummyLW at 5:45, didn't know what was coming for them
I feel like consistently celebrating the birthday of an otter in a zoo by dedicating various events and hundreds of thousands of dollars to them is the most DougDoug chat thing I’ve ever seen
I stg,  the A.I battle with Parkzer is the most expressive we've ever seen him and I love it.
It's so wild to think that rosa is exactly one year older than me.
I was watching and decided to Google how long sea otters live, in the wild they live 15-20 years, and in captivity they can live over 25 years
The day that Rosa passes away will be a day that the world grows a shade darker, and I’d better see Doug host a funeral stream and chat doesn’t act up at ALL
37:42 Whoever asked for Storyteller to be played, thank you, perfect song to celebrate Rosa, Guilty Gear fans will rejoice
chat: "lets marry cthulu to a compass!" parkzer: *"so help me zeus i will set the ocean on fire"*
23:00 Anyone know what music this is?
Very good 💯
Happy Birthday Rosa!
55:27 doug doug-chan got me acting up
She prolly dies this year. Which is sad, but we can appreciate her being alive!
This is my comment sacrafice for the algorithm gods
nice informatic video
Wow, such an interesting video.
Parkzer got blown out by the AI. Of all the rigged things I've seen Doug pull this might be the most obvious.
it's weird to think about the fact that rosa is the same age as my brother. she's the better 24-year-old though no question
His video create is nice
Very good video
Twitch chat invasions idea  A crew vs z crew Twitch chat vs chat gpt Parkzer vs Doug vs chat A crew vs z crew vs Doug
I live in Monterey
Whoa I just realized that Doug used the BG&E OST for this video. Good choice of tunes
Thanks doug
Do they know they are getting funded by a twitch channel?
Just came back from Monterey bay aquarium, Rosa was awesome and the highlight
This is my favorite reoccurring event. Love how this started as a meme and now its a yearly event.
Great and fantastic
That was the most napoleon thing I’ve ever seen him do
The way it started is nice
I love the fact that Napoleon is starting to become a recurring villian character thay always keep coming back, no matter how much they lose from their dumbness.
1:06:02 coffee was immediately copyrighted upon stream end… and pointcrow moment.
1:04:42 oh it’s a DOOM SLAYER.
1:03:33 IT’S AN ODST… ya know, halo.
Google: The place that solves problems everyone has DougDoug: The place where we solve problems that no one has
34:49 Hey Doug, you used the wrong French flag here - you didn't need the blue and red sections :)
its just so nice to see how doug's channel and audience has grown over the years with the yearly otter streams
Parkzer explained the entire Plastic Straw fiasco...
Parsers gun: the theory that the Christian god’s name is not said as it is spelled but pronounced Rosa (row-sa)
This video is very good and like it and beautiful vedio........!!!!
Insane to see how much Doug has grown since the first birthday stream. What an absolute legend!!!
WOOOOOOOOO! WE DID IT!
Rosa is officially... THE OLDEST SEA OTTER IN THE WORLD GIVE IT UP FOR HER
Next year let's go for 500,000
Lets goo rosa
Back again for another year of Rosa
very nice
I genuinely did not know this was a thing, as degenerate as we can be, holy f*** the internet can be amazing for the most ridiculous of reasons xD
I love the idea that Rosa could become a common ancestor, so this community may have a slight impact on the far future on the ancestors of the otter.
This is automatically the best video of every October due to the birthday.
56:17 hippy bartday, everyone!
NAPOLEONNTAKING HIS OWN KING WILL NEVER NOT BE FUNNY
Noo I missed her birthday agian
brain rot
How many times have twitch beat napoleon
nice
Rosa Rosa rosa
Really appreciate
Good
oh gosh i didnt expect the song Mary Ellen carter to show up, that song has a lot of emotional significance for me and to hear a rewrite of it about rosa really caught me by surprise
Very nice video
Very nice and beautiful thanks
Nice
30:33
That's right
good
Oh my god that song they made for Rosa was so good!!!! Happy Bday Rosa!!!!
Sorry im late Rosa 🎉
11 days later we have 1.4 million views. if everyone put in 5 bucks in next year it would reach $7,000,000 worth of jumbo shrimp.
17:43
I love how Parkzer's response to the sea otters is environmental terrorism.
Just found out my teacher watches you
Viva la mremade france  Happy birthday Rosa
Hey Doug, I know you prob won’t see this which I totally understand, but I really just want to thank you. At the moment I’m in the hospital in the new country I’ve just moved to under relatively scary conditions, and have no nearby family or friends. It’s just me. And it’s scary, and the first time I’ve had to do something like this on my own. And even through all of this I can still watch your silly videos with jokes and laughs and just slow everything down for a second. Thank you for that. Thank you doug.
You’re awesome and your work is spectacular ❤
👍
Rosa is a few months older than me. That’s a weird feeling lol
what site was he using for the first challenge
where is the tat???
one of the best videos ever
Need more videos of twicht chat and i invade 😂
This is good
I just Wanted to say Doug, i Visited Rosa in person because of you. she was PERFECT!
Hey Dougdoug,  my friend is on the verge of being homeless. He's a smaller content creator that goes by RoninDiaries. He's recently lost his partner, dog, house and all stability in his life and like I said before, is about to be homeless. He has no family. I'm asking all the bigger content creators I can think of if ANYBODY would be able to help? His channel name is RoninDiaries. He's a great guy and I hate seeing him struggle. If you could help in any way that would be amazing ❤️
37:35 Damn, he knows of Guilty Gear, I never thought he would
Good
My favorite thing every year
57:21 to be fair if Google donates more, then Twitch Chat will just get hella competitive for next year. Win-win because Rosa will get caviar and squid all year  1:04:27 trans rights
dougdoug you have to do a twitch chat tries to speedrun Flaws in the People We Love
Hello 😊
🎉🎉🎉🎉
Nice video
It's so sad that they are held captive. Maybe we should reconsider what is and isn't morally okay concerning wild animals in zoos etc. In truth I think these animals belong in their natural habitat where they are free and truly happy.
Oh shit, I was just there a few months ago watching the otters for a day! That's so cool actually
I go to the Monterey bay aquarium so often. In person is so fun you can interact with some of the fish
I MISSED IT
You know, it's quite fitting that Napoleon lost the game by killing the king.
Next year we’re gonna raise $1,000,000.
1million next year?
Very interesting and cool video, hosted by a super guy!  The animals are very cute.  Everything is cool and fun.
Rosa's frickin older than me though
Happy birthday rosa!
intro: 0:00 Challenge 1- Parkzer vs. Twitch Chat: 9:28 ART: 24:01 * 26:57 - 200,000$ Challenge 2- Twitch Chat Plays Chess: 27:53 MORE ART: 35:46 Challenge 3- Planet Zoo: 38:35 MORE ART: 40:13 Challenge 4- Peggle Trivia: 42:46 MORE ART: 49:58 ART WIN: 55:06 Challenge 5- Twitch Chat Plays Peggle: 54:13 * 58:32 - 250,000$ Challenge 6- Minecraft: 1:00:25 * 1:03:40 - 300,000$ 1:05:55 pool epilogue
❤
Raising absurd amounts of money for a sea otter's birthday!? ... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!! ❤
gj guys. i wasnt there, but love it. you could have cooked the food for the hottub stream tho
Week long stream for next year get to one million
Very Intrsting Video
Hi
Amazing This Is The Most Awesome Wholesome Thing on the internet
Nice
Why is the quality locked at 480😢😢
"do we just sit here until she stops being really really cute" i unfortunately do not have the next eternity to watch this video for she is just too damn cute so please start
4:55 THAT’S MY DRAWING (the cake on the left not the doom one… but the doom one is pretty dope)
the fanart was so good i almost didnt notice the celeste music
he shouldve made a rosa cam
Napoleon sucks at chess, even when cheeting.
Poor rosa getting called an "overgrowth water rat" by napolean pro chess player reborn
been here for rosa since 2021 love you doug
I watched this whole video instead of getting anything productive done this morning.
I can proudly say I've been watching since Rosa's 21st birthday :)
"Such a distinguished lady, less than three".
Nice
I met Rosa
Honestly, I might stream myself next year for Rosa. I may be a small creator, but I'll be damned if i dont do at least something with my broke ass for the charity
Please make the Rosa plush youtooz donate all the money to beat google even more.
We Otters enjoy our birthdays 🎉
Wao amazing
okay but we gotta be honest that what napoleon made his bishop do was very on brand with the French
happy birthday rosa
Napoleon is def the main villain of the Doug Doug cinematic universe
“Just wait until I come back and start mass fishing” -parkzer
Is anyone else worried about Rosa dying and that will be a very sad day and it will be a hard day every year after that
I've been here!! nice to see rosa still kicking
I can’t wait for the next one❤❤❤ happy birthday Rosa🎉🎂
I love how Napoleon somehow becomes a significantly more unhinged chess player every time he makes an appearance
You know what’s great, i just watch dougdoug videos while i SLEEP! somehow i survive through the screams of Chat as i slumber away in my bed its so weird but a good party trick 10/10
This community is getting more and more dedicated to this cause and its incredible
I am proud to say I watched the whole video.
A kraken delightfully named Pierre
"im going to hire a small child" parkzer not again
It took me 50 minutes into the video to realize that Rosa and I have the same birthday just born 1 year apart……I feel blessed
Ironically,  the french killing their king is completely accurate
Great one
yay for Rosa
wouldn't napoleon want to fell his own king?
ROSA ROSA ROSA❤
i love how, at the beginning of each rosa birthday stream and Doug has done NOTHING, Twitch chat breaks the previous year's amount.
Rosa
Easily the best stream of each year
I love this running gag of AI Napoleon getting close to beating the Twitch Chat Coalition, only to end up screwing himself over with his illegal moves
People are so creative! Like the crochet, rings, animation, drawing both hand style and computerized is so cool!
We NEED the Rosa bday plushy next year for the bday, work with the park and yootooz or something, would be amazing to have a Rosa yootooz with dougdoug pepper that the profits goes to the goal
Of all the songs I expected Doug Doug to play in that moment… storyteller from guilty gear XRD was literally the last one but I respect it 😂
500,000$ FOR NEXT YEAR
28:29 geometry dash reference
Seeing the photo of Doug edited over someone winning the Idaho lottery is incredibly funny to me and me alone. Because I have spent much of my life in Idaho and Cali. And currently live in the Monterey area. I could go see Rosa tomorrow after work if I really wanted to... I might do that actually
Nice one my friend
Classic French for killing their own king
The Rosa streams are always so wholesome. May Rosa live forever. Thank you Douglas Douglas or should I say coffee pisser?
This makes me warm inside 🥰
Awesome
This is one of the coolest fundraisers I've ever seen.
I missed her birthday im upset
how do you step this up?
dougdoug most wholesome steamer
So the french kill their own king and plant a flag on top of it?   That Checks out
So 1m I obviously the next step right?
Next year I am doing volunteer work center. Hopefully I get to see her.
Play subnautica next year
ROSA"S BIRTHDAY AGAIN?!?!?!?!!!! ALREADY!!!???
The artwork was very Impressive
Such a good buoyant
Otters helping Otters <3
Watching this on my birthday
the minecraft church made me laugh harder than it should've. congrats on the $300k donations.
He better still do this after Rosa dies that would be very nice
1:06:35 video end
Cringe at the amount of trans flags on the minecraft server
Insane how far this has come
Sulko rubber kut iyv resa 🦦🦦🦦🦦🦦
that's an old otter
next year for the 25th birthday he does a irl birthday vlog
GUYS! THE DOUGDOUG-PEGGLE FAN GAME IS A TROJAN! DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT!
I feel like her Bday is always when I least expect it. Maybe I’m going crazy, but does she have multiple birthdays a year or something? Because I feel like the last Rosa birthday video was just yesterday, and so was the one before that. Time is weird man
👍
Rosa is now the oldest and richest sea otter
Otters are apart of the Mustelidae family, which includes otters, wolverines, badgers, polecats, martens, and other weasels. Otters being one of if not the most intelligent of this family. They hold hands to not drift apart in the water and are pretty cute! A myth of otters is that they hold their babies up to make other animals feel bad. They do not do this that would just lead to both the baby and the adult being eaten. This concludes my otter facts for the day.
Bro Rosa is older than my Spanish teacher
Hey doug, make the ai sam play the other pajama sam games
The sheer level and variety of talent in the art contest is *wild*
500k next year?
We BEAT GOOGLE
This is the dougdoug moment of all time
HAPPY LATE B-DAY ROSA!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉
good job
Cool but like maybe next year raise an unproportionally large amount of money to umm an actual charity? I'm not saying that the aquarium ain't doing important thigs, it's just- there are suffering people on the planet. this money could really help them...
LOL sweepster23 really works? look for it
👍
all hail anonymous
o7
Napoleon killing its own king makes so much sense
i need the freddie fish vod
This is my favorite yearly tradition on the internet.      Almost forgot… HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
What is this ?
so wholesome god i love mr douglas squared
I don't work to make a living. I work so I can donate more money to Rosa next year.
Killing the king and placing a French flag is oddly a very French move.
That's is nice after Rosa have gone you still continue
Great video, Coffee Pisser
Parkers being the perfect foil to twitch chat is hilarious. Twitch chat: let's kidnap Santa clause Parkers: I going to commit war crimes
YEAHHHHHHHH
Doug Doug Chan though👀
Its very french to kill their own king
oh wait this is another rosa video
Parkzer: utilizing ruthless and precise strategy Otters, somehow winning: marrying cthulu to a compass
Parkzer successfully destroyed 3 oceans in 2005
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
FUCK I MISSED ROSA'S BIRTHDAY... I now have immense sadness :(( but happy late birthday rosa, may she have another 15 years for her friendliness :))
hoping we see a vid for the freddi fish, the pajama sam one was one of my favorite videos, and I loved freddi fish as a kid, but stream length is quite daunting
you need to go see rosa in person, again
This was a great cause.
Without hearing your answer on the goblin shark, here is mine after a quick statement.   I love that you do these special streams! This makes my heart so happy. Thank you! My partner introduced your videos to me when I started playing Skyrim for the first time this past summer. We have watched almost everything on YouTube (more please!). But the first Rosa video was the crown jewel. All the Rosa videos are. Thank you for doing this!  The protruding part of the goblin shark is the rostrum. On the underside of the rostrum of all elasmobranchs--sharks, rays, skates, and chimeras--are high concentrations of specialized organs called the ampullae of lorenzini. These are the organs that elasmobranchs use to pick up the electrical impulses put out by heartbeats of their prey. The goblin shark's protruding rostrum allows for more of the ampullae to exist and allow it to find prey in the darkness of the deep ocean. Thus, the shark's rostrum becomes something akin to the wands TSA uses to check people at security. Rather, TSA agents copy the Goblin shark's hunting strategy.    Elasmobranch Biology was one of the specializations I selected for my Bachelor of Science in Marine Biology from one of the top three programs in the country. I also took Marine Mammology, Tropical Ecology, Fisheries Biology, Estuarine Ecology, Marine Ecophysiology, Comparative Animal Physiology, and Marine Invertebrate Zoology for my undergrad cores and specializations.  After hearing your answer: elasmobranch skeletons are cartilaginous (cart-ih-laa-jih-nuhs) except for the teeth and the vertebrae (which we can use to age a shark by counting the rings like a tree).  After hearing his explanation: the jaws do protrude. However, the way he asked the question was misleading. The jaws are not constantly protruding and have to be activated.
9:30 Challenge 1; the freddy fish stream was fun, but wasn't quite as fun as Sam's, and because it hasn't been edited yet, very long. 27:30 Challenge 2; what is the parkzer has a gun lore? 38:30 Challenge 3; #52 the lantern would make a great t-shirt. 43:00 Challenge 4; Playing an anthropomorphic otter in dnd could be fun. 56:30 Challenge 5; Just doing better than google, is so amusing. 1:00:30 Challenge 6; the food at the end. Otters are HUNGRY for SEA FLESH!
i remember watching the first video 4 years ago, just got recommended this viedeo. WTF happened, 300k? thats awesome!
W ROSA
I feel that if rosa ever passes (key word is if because I'm fairly sure she is a immortal being), doug is gonna go on a grand adventure to the underworld to bring her back
Otter is literally older than me lol
22:17 Ace Combat Zero lore
yippy!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I MISSED ROSA'S BIRTHDAY :c
The tf2 seal should have been a sea otter a
Thank you editor! Did not have time to watch both vods ^^
sad we couldnt have magic hat on rosa
I have a book called odder and it’s about a true story about Monterey bay aquarium
51:39 you mean Alduin?
I waited to watch this so I can finish all of the Rosa streams!
cool 👍
I had so much fun being there for the full 12 HOURS and I'm so grateful I was able to explore the Minecraft stairs with everybody, amazing stream and $300,000 IS SO MUCH MONEY, thank you DOUGLASSSSS
A waste of resources
Toppling the French king and planting a french flag does feel pretty Napoleonic.
36:22 mmmmmmm… yes, a Khajiit.
34:13 😂 anything?
doug has his mic sligtly to the right so if you are wearing headphones and turn on high volume he will sound like hes at the right of you
You know, the french killing the king and planting a flag is oddly fitting
it’s been a year since rosa’s last birthday wow time goes by fast
That Otter is living the dream
11:57 NOT ROUND! SPHERICAL!
7:26 the stream later on was still copyrighted… I can’t here my coffee…
wait hold up, but Fukushima is still populated
I love that Parkzer has a gun in literally every drawing lmfao
1 mil next year
These streams mean so much to me <3 I love that Doug uses his platform to do this, it's super meaningful
i cant find dougle in the description halp
I haven't seen an art competition with so many different medians before. Hugely inspired and impressive ideas.
yesssssss
Killing the king and planting a French flag over him is the most French thing Napoleon could have done.
I would pay at most £50 to talk with the napoleon ai
Double or nothing
Me and Rosa being born in the same year is the best thing I've found out all day.
Me and Rosa being born in the same year is the best thing I've found out all day.
500k next year!?!!?
ROSA THE BEST GIRL OTTER EVER
I’ve been waiting for this!! I’m so excited
I always shit myself because of this man, this is so funn to watch
has it really been a year already? Damn I remember watching her birthday stream last year and it was amazing. Keep it up Doug!
Next year please take chat to Monterey bay aquarium for rosa's birthday
Celeste music.
We need different awards for different art pieces next year.. ..since there were sooo many! I think its far to have.. two or three more? Since 1000.. I think top three for each these categories would be fair.  [Normal]  [Animated]  [AI generated]  [Knitting, clay, sculpture, etc.]  [Refridgerator worthy!]
Rosa = good
Rosa the otter, The richest otter to live.
this is the best thing from youtube ever
i get so happy when its rosa's birthday
I have covid watching this video
I said it last year and it's even more true now this is the most wholesome sweet and wonderful thing on the internet  its a truly fantastic event and i look forward to it more than any holiday  Everyone coming together for such a good cause and showing so much love for such a sweet little creature brings tears to my eyes is so heart warming and adorable to see rose happy  Every event was awesome and amazing napoleon beating himself again was hilarious  the art and the stairway where beautiful and the people at the monterey bay joining in and knowing chat lingo is so sweet that they take the time to really show appreciation  And of course thank you Doug doug for working tirelessly to bring everything together giving everyone a reason to smile and making a huge change in the world for the better you a wonderful person
At this rate I am pretty sure that Monterey sea aquarium files Doug Doug into their tax records.
500k next year let’s go
Fun fact: abalone is a sea creature so carving shells out of it is like making a mini human skeleton out of chimpanzee bones.
I liked the Celeste music
500,000 and doug hosts a show with rosa
41:40 oh my gosh! The chair says "need for seat" 😂
Imagine Doug telling someone he can’t do something cause he has plans to celebrate a otters birthday
My guess 500k next year!
"Are you guys ok with me getting another phone a friend?" "Piss"
Imagine going in to work at the Monterey Bay Aquarium and once a year you get to watch a twitch stream from some random dude who donates money to an otter for her birthday. What a great collaboration this is. I can’t wait to watch the live stream next year for the big 25
Imagine last minute out of the ice comes the UK and Australian fleet came out of the south in an effort to reclaim the USA
love how they paid 300,000 buckaroos for a single otter, what have I been missing out on?
Bro what? 300K? Each year gets more insane!
I always forget about these streams I’ve been trying to make it for 2years now
ROSAAAAA!!!
When exactly is the live stream and birthday
To be fair. A frenchmen killing his own king and planting a french flag is very on par
bro I missed this stream by like a couple hours
Next year doug doug needs to pull in some big name streamers see if we can't get a significant portion of twitch to donate, it'll be fun 😊
Being part of this stream was amazing let's go Rosa
Napoleon really is a frenchman, killing his own king.
34:14 it was funny enough that Napoleon was going to kill his own king in his attacks without realizing it, but he then said “his partner in graceful destruction swoops down from f1 to d3” so he also would’ve killed his Queen too.      It’s even more hilarious that his Bishops only killed them because at the start of the game he ordered his whole team to move up 2 spaces and ordered his bishops to go back to their starting positions and move from there.
Watching this live was genuinely the greatest live stream of all time. 30th birthday here we come 🚂
THE..... GLAZING....... CRAZY?? (i love you rosa)
The goblin shark one is the only question I knew lol
Where is that peggle link. I wanna try the Doug Doug peggle game
fluffy sausage mommy
To be fair to napoleon, it’s not out of character for the French to kill their kings
I was playing war thunder naval battle to get a feel of naval battles during the Claude levels
there are worse things to be in a cult for
this was great
Doug hates New Mexico :(
Hello
I hate the AI battles, wish we could timeskip past them
46:35 hey does anybody know the name of the songs that plays in the background. Is such a bop.
Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa
2:20 A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
ROSA IS OUR QUEEN
I am livid with the fact he could’ve named challenge 3: otter insanity   (Btw happy birthday Rosa❤)
Y'know I honestly I have no idea why Doug never updates the AI on where it's pieces are.
34:38 A french move indeed
It's 1 million next year boys
2:20 A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
Next year, half a million!
1:02:28 LMAOOO THEY ARE WORSHIPPING ROSA IN A CHURCH
👍👍
The French killing their own king.... hmmm, why does that seem familiar
Well, time to raise 2.1 mil next year
I'm glad I was watching this live. :)
I can’t count how many times I wanted to like this video and realised I had already liked it 😂
I think we have de-sensitized Parkzer to this crazy shit.
I mean of course the French killed their king lol
As Parkzer calls you Douglas Douglas I nave taken to calling my cat who is called Nug (short for nugget) Nugless nugless.
Is Doug really an American? Cause he's too intelligent for them
I feel like 1 day Rosa will die and they are going to be like quick get a replacement otter real quick or we lose the annual doug doug third of a million dollars.
I feel like this otter gets more money per year than I do.
sad that i missed it
I loved hearing dougdougs interpretation of a goblin shark lol, and yes they look as ugly as their name suggests
DoobDoob
Can she beat goku tho? Yes, yes she can
@DougDoug I think it would be intresting if you would play Cult of the Lamb.
Love watching the vods, every year.
Amazing video good job
Imagine this turns into political channel
32:10 I think Napoleon should have won there since he also said, dragging three more helpless piece along with the knight. RIGGED.
can you do another fast food ill have what hes having video? that was fun
i BET we will accomplish the big 500K next year 2024!!!
We're finally back to the otters
Dougdoug please host a orange bell pepper jackolantern contest for Halloween where people post their submissions.
"The compass is the size of Australia... I guess so is Cthulhu, to be fair."  What an utterly bizarre and accurate statement. Viva la compass! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ONCE AGAIN ROSA!
Parkzer was so prepared for the war simulator, and twitch chat was just doingnrandom crap, somehow managing to obliterate parkzers preperations.
emily clutch
lets fucking goooo rosa!!!!!
To think this all started as a joke. Absolutely incredible.
300k triple of last year is insane, happy late birthday rosa
Are we gonna see the Freddy fish stream?
That was a beluga
14:53 RUSSO US STRATEGY!!! LONG LIVE HUMANITY BABYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
First we conquered Google. Next, the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Congrats on Trending!
Can anyone please tell me where I can find “Rosa The Otter / The Mary Ellen Carter”?
holy shit selka is a gangster
Your starting to scare me
I can not understate how incredible it was to be apart of this event (even if it was a small part!) and see how everyone came together for such an incredible cause!  Thanks so much to Doug Doug and the mod team for setting up this event, as well as Monterrey Bay Aquarium for doing awesome things! 💜  Note for future me who will inevitably find your way back here: You can see yourself at 1:05:40 !
ehehe
Cards the universe and everything or Cue for short is an amazing game with 3000+cards and hundreds of achievements start playing here (you get free stuff with this code) X4W-3RH-AZ1 type this after you download
Fucking Viva La Mermaid France? Napoleon is truly a genius.
This is the best content on the entire internet bar none. Love you Doug.
"Do we just sit here until she stops being really really cute"  Doug we would here until the heat death of universe
I missed this one but Next year I’m so excited
Why don’t you put a dougdoug bell pepper toy in her tank?
A fucking insane such a great stream and amazing donation! I would have liked to see the first day as well.  Maybe crack half a mil for for her 25th that'd be nutty
19:10 As a New Mexican, this is 100% true.
The fact that AI Napoleon tried to take out his own king and plant a French flag there seems pretty accurate...
Does anyone know the artist for 25:42? I would love to see if they sell copies of the Rosa art or if there was a way to get a copy to print my own for my apartment. It's just to cute ❤
It would be really funny if rosa died(not the funny part), and monterey bay just starts using a puppet on strings so doug thinks shes still alive so that he keeps donating.
I MISSED IT AGAIN NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I feel that Rosa will live for 2 more years…
There needs to be a channel playlist dedicated to the ongoing Rosa saga!
Doug should get a statue of Rosa mounted in the aquarium. That way, Rosa will be forever inmortalized as the perfect specimen she is.
Damn, Rosa and I are almost the same age, I'm only like 6 months older lol
its been 4 years and we STILL dont have a rosa emote in twitch, WE NEED ONE!
I love the ark dossier art of rosa
Next year 1 million
Otteray bay aquarium
WHOS READY FOR THE BIG 1 MIL IN 2024
Ah, a Frenchman killing his King. 35:19
1:01:45 and thusly a trans/homophobic clown was immortalized on the interwebs (in the chat)
Ah damnit that one animation with Rosa swimming with the pepper made me bawl.
Emily is the GOAT
New Mexico is fake
Napoleon killing his own king is the only way in which a chess battle against Napoleon should end
Rosa is both older and more successful than I am, no wonder I am divorced.
32:14
he did it again??? a third time?
30:14 🤨📸
now rosa can buy a house
Crazy seeing Rosa get this popular, I remember going to the MBA everyday after school when my Dad volunteered because we got free passes. The aquarium does great work and these birthday parties have helped more than you know!
next year is 2 million
I was blessed to watch this stream live with my wife. We didn’t get divorced
he said gaddzooks msm
I’m so glad that we’re celebrating another year with Rosa (aka, a really adorable sea otter, who shall be respected at all times), and every year keeps getting better and better (with not only the entertaining challenges, but also the amount of donations for Monterey Bay Aquarium)! Also, I wish for the best for Rosa, and many other sea otters! :D
YEEEEEEEEE
My FAVORITE series on this channel is Twitch Chat Versus, be it the stories they do, or the chess games that make no sense, it's just artwork everywhere and tons of laughter! 300k is an INSANE amount of money! I'm blown away by that! Happy birthday Rosa and well done everyone!  1:05:55 I need to see a full youtube video of this....
HELL YEAH
ok but the french killing their own king is somewhat on brand
That Time Of The Year Again!!!! : )
were going for a milly
rosa is literally the most awesomest sea otter to ever otter the seas
LETS GO 14TH ON TRENDING, THIS OTTER DESERVES IT
in like 3 years the montgomery bay aquriam are gonna be multi millionaires
I watch last year and i was suprised how old she is and that she gave birth to a lot of the sea otter
To put $300,000 in perspective, if the aquarium spent 1 dollar per SECOND, nonstop, 24/7, it would STILL take them over 3 full days to run out of money. Ridiculous.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!!! WOOHOO
Even in a sea otter minecraft world you can’t escape the trans flags shoved in your face lmao
The DND drawing where Doug has the giant whisk is amazing
I was so annoyed at myself over this. I thought to myself "It's Rosa's birthday soon! I must join the stream this year!"... and I thought that to myself and checked when it was going to happen... on Aug 28th.
During ai invasion parkzer rapidly fluctuates between being very practical and sensical and basically being a Captain Planet villain
I just Love How everyone is invested in rosa so much it’s such a DougDoug Community thing to do ❤
"Overgrown water rat"😂
It’s crazy to think a sea otter is older then me. Happy birthday Rosa (even if I’m a bit late) 🎉🎉🎉🥳🥳🤩
if i was working for google i would just force higher donation just to prank you doug
I love how this isn't even sponsored. This started as Doug randomly checking in on an otter stream, did some research, and escalated to raising $300,000 for the aquarium. Insane.
This sea otter is double as old as me.
The only actual bones in a shark are it’s teeth, Doug. Everything else is cartilage (the stuff your nose is made of).
Parkzer is a true canadian, the first thing he thinks to do in war is gruesome warcrimes
GOOD OTTER HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
W
I mean, planting a french flag kver the kings corpse is very french.
When Dougdoug’s videos are a hour or more you know its good
I love rosa
DUDE! I cannot tell u how much I am exited for each time this happens every year, should be an intergalactic holyday.
ROSA FOR LIFE❤❤❤❤❤
I'm so happy my goblin shark/no longer human question made it into the video. We love you, Rosa
2.1mill next year
30:14 AYO
24 is like, REALY OLD for an otter so i don't know how much longer rosa has
'mark my words you OVERGROWN WATER RAT'
7:32 😂 …MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM…!
can someone explain how its possible for Parkzer to be so truth pilled and mega based
Killing his own king is a very Napoleon thing to do tho :p
parkser imidiatley resorting to chemical warfare is hilarious
4:55 *DOOM?!*
Hey, New Mexico is terrible and uninhabitable, but only sometimes! You can't just make fun of us like that!
awww
Happy Birthday you majestic thing
SEAL GOODMAN GENIUS LOL 😂 14:08
She needs so much toys!
Next year we need to break 1 MILLION!!!!! we will get to the top of that donor plaque
We finally got coffee
ROSA WOOOOOOOO WE LOVE U ROSAAAAAAA
I will never get tired from Parkser calling DougDoug "Douglas Douglas" LOL
23:40
I WAS THERE THAT DAY
Rosa is older than me....
Nobody raised money for my 24th birthday and I'm literally the only one of me left on earth
ROSA !!!!
W
I identify as an otter
HOLY CARP
I like how nothing gets the chat more hyped than an otter's birthday, more than anything
I'll be honest, I hate the ocean. I have a *major* fear of the ocean. I do, however, love animals. And Rosa is cute.  If the Aquarium weren't on the opposite side of the country, I would come to see her.
its not really about the money it never was its what we went through to get there that really mattered we had a great time with Rosa  and Probably next year too
say otter empire
the unfiltered swagger of mermaid napoleon killing his own men
Hey bud, can we see the recipet transaction of you giving that money to the actual facility..would love to see if every single penny goes to them.😂
rosa is literally 2 months younger than me and has done infinitely more with her life than I ever will
fuck i missed it
Is the wall based on total donated or biggest single donation? Because if it's the first, we are VERY close to 500K.
YEEEEEAAAAAHHHH 🎉
So next year 1 million?
It is definitely a france move to remove their own king
36:42 this animation is pretty cute but why is it animated like the bowser fart gif
Rosa is the queen of this world
As an australian I can confirm that there is a giant compass off the west coast
happy birthday rosa
Please read this 🙏 The Israeli occupation, a fact even acknowledged by Israelis, traces back to 1948 when the Balfour Declaration of 1917 pledged support for a Jewish national home in Palestine. This historical context is essential to understanding the plight of Palestinians. For over 70 years, Palestinians have endured displacement, restricted movement, and lived under harsh conditions. The term “apartheid” aptly describes the segregation and discrimination they face in their own land, marked by numerous Israeli checkpoints. Despite countless peaceful attempts, oppression persists, leading to further land loss and human suffering. It’s important to note that Hamas, often a focus of international attention, emerged as a response to active resistance against this enduring injustice. If you trying to feel sorry for Israelis today I hope you felt sorry for Palestinians for the past 70 years 🇵🇸🙏. Give the people their homes and country back.🇵🇸🙏
Please read this 🙏 The Israeli occupation, a fact even acknowledged by Israelis, traces back to 1948 when the Balfour Declaration of 1917 pledged support for a Jewish national home in Palestine. This historical context is essential to understanding the plight of Palestinians. For over 70 years, Palestinians have endured displacement, restricted movement, and lived under harsh conditions. The term “apartheid” aptly describes the segregation and discrimination they face in their own land, marked by numerous Israeli checkpoints. Despite countless peaceful attempts, oppression persists, leading to further land loss and human suffering. It’s important to note that Hamas, often a focus of international attention, emerged as a response to active resistance against this enduring injustice. If you trying to feel sorry for Israelis today I hope you felt sorry for Palestinians for the past 70 years 🇵🇸🙏. Give the people their homes and country back.🇵🇸🙏
Please read this 🙏 The Israeli occupation, a fact even acknowledged by Israelis, traces back to 1948 when the Balfour Declaration of 1917 pledged support for a Jewish national home in Palestine. This historical context is essential to understanding the plight of Palestinians. For over 70 years, Palestinians have endured displacement, restricted movement, and lived under harsh conditions. The term “apartheid” aptly describes the segregation and discrimination they face in their own land, marked by numerous Israeli checkpoints. Despite countless peaceful attempts, oppression persists, leading to further land loss and human suffering. It’s important to note that Hamas, often a focus of international attention, emerged as a response to active resistance against this enduring injustice. If you trying to feel sorry for Israelis today I hope you felt sorry for Palestinians for the past 70 years 🇵🇸🙏. Give the people their homes and country back.🇵🇸🙏
The best DougDoug series.
35:02 the french bishop killing the king is actually surprisingly historically accurate
Omg the song about Rosa was absolutely beautiful I need to know where to find it
The Minecraft part being shortened down to 6 minutes is a bit sad. Only showed about 1% of the vod part. Also maybe I'm blind but it doesn't show Doug being shot by Parkzer
So AI Napoleon might simply be cursed.
If every subscriber gave 50 cents rosa would have 1 million for the birthday.
I just love everything about this.
Happy birth day osa (:
Next year its gonna be 1 milly
Now I know how much fur an otter has per inch and sulfates.
fuck i missed another rosa the otter
in Napoleon's defense,  he's french. killing their own Monarch's is in their DNA
DougDoug looks really good for someone who is 48.
Parkerz starts off by trying to breaking the Genheva convention.
This is the most wholesome thing on the entire internet.
This was an amazing video with lots and lots of wholesome content. But my highlight was parkzer sitting by a pool and asking "Can you float me some Seafood" XDDD I died.
Iamsoproudofthiscommunity.gif
"Do we just sit here until she stops being really really cute?" If we did that, we'd be here for eternity!
100% serotonin shouldve won! HAPPY B-DAY QUEEN ROSA ~
it wont be long before we donate somewhere between 700 billion and a trillion 300 million billion dollars
❤❤❤
Nice
i really wish all communities had these "small" donation events
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
53:27 im pretty sure this is based on the book hairy mclairy and zachary quack
Stop wasting food tho...
rosa is 6 years older than me jesus
Its already been a year, huh?
I spent my bday alone... 😭
Ross has touched the beacon.
It' so insane to me that this otter is one year older than me. Her age is very remarkable for a sea otter
This made my heart so full. ❤
HAHAHAHAH THE “Mmmmmm” AT THE END, I really love TheDougDoug community
still throws me for a loop every time i realize that Rosa is 3 years older than me I've been outlived by a freakin' sea otter
I’m so proud of you
was that a realass crab
I was just watching these videos in the background and got jumpscared by Doug in a otter costume
tbf Napoleon killing his own king and replacing it with a french flag sounds like something the real Napoleon would have done
Napoleon took out his own king. How very French of him.
1 MILLION NEXT YEAR
average french bishop killing it's own king
What is more French than killing your own king and planting a French flag over his dead body
Really hope we get the celebrate it next year again, but this time directly live from the aquarium with both Doug and Parkzer swimming with Rosa.
DougDoug I have a proposition that you get Youtooz to make a new DougDoug figure and a ROSA PLUSH AND FIGURE FOR HER 25th BIRTHDAY.  DO YOU ACCEPT?
this is gonna be a big legacy
Lets see what one word does: Rosa
Napoleon killing his own king was truly the most French move possible.
Chosenfewfilms ft. Yung Wylin - Good Energy
Even Google doesn't get a special shoutout from the feeders during Rosa's birthday
I love how Parkzer instantly became an evil world destroying villain immediately
I LIKE MY MEN LIKE I LIKE MY COFFEE, HOT, STRONG AND SWEET LIKE TOFFEE. OH, SO YOU KNOW THAT I CAN'T LET YOU GO.
There's A crew and Z crew but Rosa crew is Victorious
Yknow what’s crazy, over the course of a few years, this community has raised over 400k for Monterey bay Aquarium. If this continues for a few more years, this community will have donated over a million dollars. Think about the real net difference that makes in funding. What a community! Happy birthday Rosa and thank you Doug and to this wonderful group of people
Ultra rigged against napoleon ngl
NEXT YEAR ONE MILLION
The fact that they are probably going to hit 1m total before rosa passes is absolutely fucking insane
one of your videos gave me a nightmare but in ai prompt form. worse nightmare ever.
Sad I couldnt make the stream, but happy birf Miss Rosa :)
My art made it in the video! 0450!
"The Son of Man is coming!"  are the words to be heard soon by the whole world from the Arch Angel Micheal during the appearing of the Lord Jesus Christ. The first thing I want you to know, whom ever you might be, is that God loves you.  I don't care what you have done in the past.  I don't care of the mistakes you have made.   The blunders we all have.  He loves you, I want you to understand that.  Millions have prayed this prayer around the world and now it is your turn.  In just a few moments time, if you believe it, is all God requires, believe it.  Forget about your past.  When they put Jesus in that tomb, they put all of your sins in that tomb as well.  When Jesus walked out of that tomb, He walked out victorious and we came out with Him a new creation in Christ Jesus. I am going to pray, and I want you to pray with me.  Saying words cannot save you, but if you truly believe in your heart, you will be saved. And I want you to say them out loud and mean them with all of your heart.  And the Holy Spirit will dwell in your heart and you will become a new creation through Jesus Christ.  Let us pray...  Dear God in Heaven. I come to you. I am sorry for my sins and the way I have lived. The things I have done. Please forgive me. Cleanse me. With your precious blood. From every sin, I have ever committed. Right now, with my mouth, I confess, the Lord Jesus. And in my heart, I believe that Jesus died for me and rose from the dead. And I accept Jesus Christ, this very moment, as my savior, my redeemer, and I make Him the Lord of my life. And right now, I am a new creation, I am washed, I am cleansed, I AM SAVED.   We ask this all in the name of Jesus. Amen.
I LOVE ROSAS
I did some research on sea otters and their lifespans and found out that because Rosa is 24 years old, that makes her the oldest known, living sea otter! I thought that was cool and I wanted people to know this too.
8:21 wait fuck i thought they were fictional from my mom's favorite old show damn I gotta learn more stuff
We will get to 600,000 dollars next year
isnt her birthday in auguest
shes older than me
I love ur vids and bean here before 1 mil
her birthday is 3 days difrent than mine
Parkzer is a sociopath
This whole video is like seeing early game bosses as common enemies
Give me $1,000
Bro #3 on trending for gaming is crazy
Next year we need a Million guys cmon we got this
It’s very French that he killed the king
It's still insane to me how much these ladies eat. they can be up to 100lbs and chow 25-30% of that DAILY. I wouldn't even know how to FIND that much seafood in the wild.
can't wait for next year les go chat.
What AI do you use Douglas?
HAPPY B DAY ROSA!
Cant wait for 2025 when Doug raises 1 million dollars for an otter
Doug why is there no Freddy fish video😢😢
I don't know a lot of things for sure, but I do know that Rosa is doing a good job.
Opportunity to cause chaos: *exists Chat:
I like how DougDoug accidentally stumbled across a really good cause and made it a yearly event
Love all of this
YEAH ROSA
Doug Doug I have a serious question. If you had a furrsona would it be a otter?
Awwwws... it's so sad... it feels like she's not going to live for her next birthday
23:46 Thank you, editor, because that's exactly what I was thinking
woopsie i spent 300,000 dollars on some adorable sea otters
This deserves to be #4 on Trending
Hey, YO!  so don't hve the time to watch the Whole thing atm. Will come back to it tho. That Minecraft thing at the end sounds so fun! Thank you Rosa. you give miserable bald guy on chair purpose
I NEED a "Thats a Yeah Science moment" t-shirt.
and to think one of monterey bay aquariums' biggest donors is a twitch streamer that did the first donation out of pure coincidence and almost as a meme... an incredible achievement, congrats chat (and dougdoug i guess, for all the organizing or something, idk)
@DougDoug i thought your twitch chat was unredeemable until this video.  between the art contest and the generosity, i don't even know who we are anymore.  but i think we are redeemed.  at least for another year.
omg ive been waiting for this to come out for so long
Can't wait for next year when we inevitably raise one million dollars for MBA
58:32 That escalated quickly
Rosa's exact birth date isnt know, but based on the aquarium's guess her birthday is probably only a couple days off of mine.
Can't wait to make Rosa the first trillionaire next year
As a resident of New Mexico I can confirm that it is uninhabitable here
The original Rosa is like...for sure dead, right?
Thays crazy can't even raise 3000 for my moms dentures !!! :(
Just some timestamps (might edit some)  intro: 0:00 Meet the otters: 0:45 Amount of money raised over the years: 3:19 What does Monterey Bay Aquarium do?: 6:07 They reach $150,000: 7:47 Parkzer vs Twitch chat Ocean AI Invasion start: 9:30 Looking at Rosa art: 24:29 They reach $200,000: 27:00 Twitch chat Plays Chess vs Cheating AI Napoleon start: 27:54 Continue to look at Rosa art: 35:49 Planet Zoo start: 38:37 More Rosa art: 40:15 Peggle Trivia start: 42:48 More Rosa art pt 2: 50:05 Art contest winners: 55:47 Twitch Chat Plays Peggle start: 56:26 They reach $250,000: 58:34 Minecraft start: 1:00:30 They reach $300,000: 1:03:44 They drop down the hole: 1:04:46
I'm surprised you didn't include all of the commentary about trying to beat the US Small Business Administration
its that time of year again!!!!
god napolion is the best AI out there, so fucking sad i missed the steam
WOOOOOOO!!
2:47 DUMPSTER 8:34 ???? 39:16 I HEARD THAT
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY!`!!!1!!!!!!!
the way you jumped from one thing to another it really felt like this needed to be a 2 hour or a part 1 and 2 vid
I am so happy I was here all the way for this stream. Best. Twitch. Stream. EVER.      Also yayyyy twitch chat stopped at my WE DID IIIITTTT message 7:54 :D
I love how the whole Rosa thing is just Doug doing a reverse "fuck you in particular" and singling out one specific sea otter to go absolutely insane about. And it's perfect.
53:00 I’m sorry I cursed you all with Doug Doug-Chan but also happy birthday Rosa I regret nothing
I can't wait for a documentary style video on Doug Doug and Rosa 😭
Yes rosa yesssssssssssaaa
It's insane how much money streamers are able to raise for charities, it's always great to see something like this happen
28:30 im so sorry
2:21 A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BECON
napoleon gives me strong Xavier renegade angel vibes
bro i swear her birthday was like a month ago
This is amazing
i love how everyone just mutually agrees that parkzer always has a gun lmfao
Parkzer becoming a Captain planet villain was awesome.
Napoléon killing the king and planting a French flag is too on point
One of the best streams I have been apart of!
11:52 and 12:20 this is incredible good
So glad to have participated in this year's art contest. Drawing is HARD and it really puts into perspective to see my little pencil drawing among all these masterpieces.  (mines number 111 under all submission at courageforrosa)
I try to catch these streams but I never seem to be able to
Is Rosa an SCP since she has cognitive thought and can nuke people???
"... until she stops being really, really cute"? Are you HIGH, Man, we'd be here until she DIES.  Bruh, Selka is a BADASS.  I almost expected Napoleon to say "The sea is always right". What a clever chess player he is.  I love that MBA are in the chat and actively participating. True dedication right there.  This is an illegal amount of creative talent.  Also: HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ROSA!!!
The Geneva convention doesn't actually outlaw the use of chemical warfare that's a separate paper called the Geneva protocol, this paper does outlaw the use of chemical weapons during war but it doesn't outlaw the industry of manufacturing and stockpiling chemical weapons, this allowing you to use chemical weapons on anyone during a war and on people fighting during a war but you can use it on the local homeless population.  So Parczer technically violated  the Geneva protocol not the Geneva convention.  Don't ask how I know this.
napoleon using  his own piece taking the his own king and planting a french flage is aggresively french indeed.
300k for an otter ... bruh 🥵
something that wasn't in the video: doug didn't realize why people drew rosa with roses so much (her name) until this stream
The day Rosa dies (which I hope never happens), DougDoug is probably gonna raise $2mil+ for the Monterey bay aquarium
How have I just now learned that Doug listens to the Guilty Gear soundtrack
Coffee pisser and his chat singlehandedly restored my faith in humanity
Best day of the year
next year we go for 500K
We should have Parkser in more AI invasion streams, I like how many war crimes he committed
Late happy birthday Rosa❤
id watch an anime of Doug the Chef and his mage friend who uses 9th level "Gun" spell
Does anyone know the submission number of the middle image in 4:44 ? 🥺🩵 I really like that art 😭😭
Oh, I get it! "Stream" cuz like water and and and
Hi everyone ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I love how Twitch chat was just doin goofy stuff while Parkzer was committing war crimes and environmental Terrorism every turn he had
I just visited the Monterey Bay Aquarium last weekend, seeing Rosa in person was wonderful
54:10 LET’S GO TAIGA!!!!! 💪🏼🔥💪🏼🔥
It has already been a year? Aware
Thats not a Leviathan thats the sea emporor and french are famous for killing ther own king
It's actually kind of impressive how bad AI is at chess.
As a new Mexican, lmao
*Meet the otter team* _Why do I hear TF2 music?_
i cant wait for day one of rosa's birthday to get to youtube
Funny enough I just had a hunch that Napoleon was just going to kill himself. With all the bs he was throwing there was no way he can avoid defeat
Napolean had to kill his own king in the name of the french mermaid revolution
Been counting down for this
The reason why you raised $300,000 for Rosa's birthday is A: because she's an adorable sea otter, and B: because she's the channel's unofficial (official?) mascot. Is she the official mascot of the channel? If she isn't, she should be. Screw those vegetables, this is Rosa's channel now.
1 mil next year
I really hope he comes back to Douggle
it will be 1m in two, mabye three years
35:49 does anyone know of a way to listen to the song in full?
2:48 sneaky dumpster diving sound effect
LETS GOOOO, ROSA FINALLY DICIDED TO GROW UP SO DOUGDOUG CAN MAKE A CHARITY STREAM!!!!!!
That wasn't just cheating what Napoleon did, that was, _advanced cheating._ ... And he still lost, GG keep up the French tradition. o7
Just wait until jeff bezos finds out abaut this
I have the same birthday as rosa W
Holy shit 1# on trending
Next time to to monteray bay Aquariam for her 25th
How dare Doug name the title "... for a Sea Otter's Birthday" it's not "a Sea Otter" it's THE Sea Otter we love dearly
this 1 hour felt like 10 minutes
Make this a reocurring fundraiser for the coming 10 years.  _We won't lose to some lousy business administration. o_o_ ... Oh and i guess Rosa and the family deserve something nice as well. :3
300k for an otter ... bruh
It's my baby Sea Otters first birthday, she don't need a big birthday party a small one will do, so just send me $2,500.00 ASAP!!!
I'm so glad this has become an annual tradition at this point. Can't wait for next year :)
Rosa journey has been great
HOLY SHIT THIS REACHED NUMBER 1 IN TRENDING LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
Yes, we will become Google now, right?   Wait, does that mean each and everyone of us has to get search results for the public when they try to google something?
I thought this was a MrBeast video when I saw the title
Dang, DougDoug will raise a million dollars next year.
I think they played the fan made peggle better. cuz they had a crosshair where the mouse was
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA 😊😊 NEXT YEAR WE SHALL BREAK OUR RECORD
Why not have Rosa as the channel mascot on her 25th birthday?
Emily us one of us now
I love all the videogame OSTs you use. Kinda like a little easter egg in the videos
BRO IS ON #1 TRENDING a
Next year do we just buy the aquarium?
Rosa W chain
When is the hottub stream happening?
Why THREE Browsers in your hotbar? :D
Of course France kills its own king lol
chess games are always golden LOL
Happiness levels maxed
Wasn't Rosa's birthday last year?
i swear that everytime its rosas birthday im smiling ear to ear throughout the entire stream, when its ai gaming and twitch chat plays im just laughing the whole time XD. easily one of the best channels on YT/Twitch
#1 on Trending DESERVED. We love Rosa!! Thank you DigDug and the Dirty Dawgs for making Rosa's birthday such a blast.
I love how Napoleons cheating always backfires on him
For her 25th birthday, could you do a 24 hour stream, so europeans could watch it too?
im so sad i couldnt be there this is the greatest streames ever
ROSA
An Otter having a gang-fued with a Shark is the most Otter thing i've heard in a while.  Some brief Sea Otter lore: Sea Otters are aquatic honeybadgers, except they're cute most of the time. If you still want Otters to always be cute, look up absolutely nothing else. :) Rosa and the family is cute tho BC captivity. :3
Doug is actually an evil being controlling the otters like a puppeteer behind the scenes we just dont know it
Rosa Parkzer
"I didn't know there were people in my community could forge rings!" You... raised $300k 😂 how do you think they got it!?
Watching twitch chat get absolutely desimated by mermaid Napoleon, only for him to kill himself is the content I come her for
This is not a joke This is a way of life
can we just admire the fact that the community is so talented, holy shit i fell like i cant do shit !
Honestly you get a ton of views on this, you should have attached a charity drive or something to the videos of people could donate to Monterey Bay aquarium as well. That could be interesting to do next year. Maybe add it to the total funds that you send over give like a month or something.  Edit: I don't have money to donate but it seems like a lot of people do and that's amazing.
Honestly shoutout to the Anonymous 5 mil donation
I saw a video once about this guy who knows a wild seal from diving and picking up trash. He said that his goal was to make people fall in love with the ocean because people want to protect what they love. Thought that was amazing and goes along the lines of Rosa’s birthday well.
I refuse to accept that a goddamn Otter has done so much more than me at her age
To think that this otter can drink and drive is insane. GTA Rosa the Otter edition can be a thing!
If i ever become a billionaire world hunger and homelessness still wouldn't be solved but I'm gonna use all my money to fund immortality for rosa and that's the only correct option
get it up to 1 milly next year?
This is the one thing that gives me hope in humanity
hes right new mexico sucks
happy birthday rosa
42:40 was not expecting my art to make it into the YT video, was super fun to make! Happy Birthday Rosa!
LEEEETSSS GOOOOOOO ROOOSAAAA!!!!
that hisoka was disrespectful
I absolutely love that Napoleon has never won
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Leaving a comment for the algorithm
Maybe if the Chess AI wasn't French he wouldn't kill his own King.
2030 we raised 100SEXTILLION FOR ROSA
I can genuinely see Doug as a Teacher again once his streaming career is over or he does it more as a hobby. He is fantastic.
Let's go!!! 300k, what an awesome stream. I will be joining in next year (and hopefully donating too!) I love this community.
ai napoleon is like the team rocket of dougdoug streams
Rosa is doing such a good job
i remember the last birthday stream last year these are so fun to watch!
Napoleon is phenomenal at chess.
Only doug is the type of guy to dress up in a sea otter, take a bite out of a raw crab carapace, and break off into a full sprint into the pacific ocean just for a sea otters birthday. He's the best.
Mermaid Napoleon is the final boss of dougdoug
I'm a trans girl. I've decided to name myself after an otter.
This was incredible! Happy belated birthday to Rosa!
the animation for rosa’s birthday genuinely has me tearing up. that’s beautiful man.
COFFEEEEEE!!!
I love how parkzer is just an eco-terrorist
I've been waiting for this video!!❤
So you have raised 423,089 total for Rosa now
I NEED that plush concept to be made real
I LIKE MY MEN -
Holy shit the art of Rosa as a Victorian style cure all potive is so good.
ahh thats why i dont remember the ocean war it was before i was born XD man have we caused the otters to almost go instinct in that war?
24rd kills me
WE WONT STOP UNTIL WE DEFEAT THE GOVERNMENT
The fact that the ai called Rosa an "overgrown water rat" is fucking wild
Napoleon killing his own king is the most french thing I ever heard
52:58 THE LOAF IS REAL
life
Who else thinks that Rosa song slapped! She was such a great singer!
24rd is a mood fr
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I have an alert set for "rosas birthday stream"  every year
Hooray 🎉🎉
we dont see enough stuff like this anymore youre a good bloke, doug
common DougDoug co. w
GOT TO MONTEREY BAY AQUARIUM ON HER NEXT BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To a million next year!!!
Sir, twitch chat keeps beating us at chess, what should we do?   Napoleon: there's nothing we can do.
happy bday rosa! though every time i hear omega strikers music it always surprises me xD
Does anyone have a link to batcrap_'s account? The person who did the pure serotonin picture? I'd love to see more of their stuff
Never change, DougDoug community. You make me so happy.
Parkzer immediately becoming a Captain Planet villain.
Love how Twitch chat is "Lets kidnap Santa Claus" and Parkser decides "You know what? Warcrimes."
Listening to Parkzer's plan for dumping garbage in the ocean all I thought was "Damn we really fucked him up huh"
The best thing Google could possibly do right now is donate exactly $1 less than Dougs chat to honour their commitment
petition to make parkenheimer a movie
WHAT
SHE DESERVES MORE!!!!!
WE LOVE ROSA 🎉🎉🎉
I love that Monterey Bay Aquarium was actually in the chat during the stream
on a more serious note this community is the best on the internet. we all came together and raised 300k for a otter lmao. Thank you doug and his community♥
It's astounding how incredibly creative and passionate so many in the community are. The art submissions and the Minecraft structures are mindblowing. And then there's all the donations. Ocean conservation is important enough to merit this kind of focus and attention, and it's really great that Doug has made this a thing in his community, especially since it started as a joke.   Also, Dougdoug won every challenge except the Zoo one. Nice.
I loved everything about this EXCEPT the trivia question about Captain James Cook. I didn't catch the stream so I'm not sure of the full answer but it was more of an invasion of the Hawaiian Islands on his part, less that they attacked him. Sorta a useless correction but many natives still resent what happened to this day
"semen of the United States"💀
I never took Parkzer for the kind to repeatedly violate the Geneva Conventions, the more you know, huh?
Your videos are absolute masterpieces and the most fun that can be had on this platform
Rosa is older than me, that makes me feel things
4:53 My AI generated one got into the video, I feel guilty
so many furries came to the stream
Cant wait for 1m next year
Happy Birthday Rosa (and you too Doug, each passing year you two just keep getting better!)
@DougDoug will you play Omega strikers with me?
this is the dougdoug ever
I am not kidding looking at the art this amazing community made actually made me cry you guys are all so talented and I'm glad we could all unite and make Rosas birthday a amazing one
Every year this series makes me tear up. The absolute love that goes into everything makes me so happy. I love the aquarium, i used to go there constantly when I was younger. I’m so glad to see it get some love.
In about 2 years hes gonna reach a million at this rate
Hey doug could se please bring back a crew z crew videos
1 mil next year
cant believe its this time of the year again
There is so much talent in this community. It's amazing.   Also, I can't believe Napoleon threw the game after all that. The AI is good at trash talking, but horrible at chess. You'd think it would be the other way around.
Them killing their own king IS very French tho tbh
26:08 Three Rings for the Mermaid-kings under the sea, Seven for the Twitch-lords in Doug's Basement of stone, Nine for Mortal Clams doomed to die, One for the Sea Lady on her shrimp throne, In the land of Monterey Bay Aquarium where the Sea Otters lie. One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the oceans bind them, In the land of Monterey Bay Aquarium where the Sea Otters lie.
Love that this is the one thing that unites Doug and chat, happy birthday Rosa
The chess portion was actually pretty accurate, the french do famously kill their own kings
The art was sooo good! Happy birthday Rosa!!
this is the perfect thing i needed to watch to get over the insane decisions of psyonix and epic games. just watched jon's vid on this and i have lost faith in humanity
Can’t believe I missed this
Trending on YT Gaming?!?!
good E-Book helpped me buy gaijin so i own warthunder to make rng a thing that dont exist we only get uptiers now B)
This makes me want to watch the livestreams
Whoever runs the Monterey bay aquarium social media deserves a bonus for this
It's somehwat distressing how casually EVIL Parkzer is here. He commits war crimes with the nonchalant ease of picking toppings for his pizza.
Where's the peggle game link?
34:55 French people every Saturday afternoon:
sea otter life expectancy is 15 to 20 years. this makes me sad
I love the beginning of the first challenge, Twitch chat goes and tries to kidnap Santa, and Parkzer starts with commiting war crimes
I like that this is getting more money for rosa then warframe and cancer
Napolean won "hax" but rosa won high difference
Rosa gonna be a millionare by next year
👍
SHES BACK BABY
fortniute
ROSA WAS BORN THE SAME YEAR I WAS I LOVE HER
40:26 I really want that art as a keychain. Could be an acrylic charm, or could be one of those 3D ones with actual water and glitter inside. 😊
The french killing their king is lore accurate.
4:32 BALD
Doug: You guys can’t nuke Parkzer, it has to be in line with what otters can actually do  Also Doug: yeah you guys can totally summon Cthulhu
Petition to rename the channel to RosaRosa
I was at the Monterey aquarium like a week ago! Didn't even realize I was amongst the one and only!
Rosa: exists Me: (>0__0)>
26:46 YOOOO MANATEEE (MANATEES ARE MY FAVORITE ANIMAL) i like that rosa is just playing poker with a manatee :D
Rosa our beloved
This is the most wholesome running joke.
We can all agree Napolion should have won but Doug ordered him to remake his moves over and over again until he accitentaly killed himself and doug was immediatly "yep that is what je said, no changing it now:
The crimes of the otters shall not be forgotten.
Next year we go for a million right ?
I do hope that even after Rosa is gone, Doug continues the tradition of doing an annual charity stream for the Monterey Bay Aquarium. What he's doing really is wonderful and I hope it never stops  E: Well, I'll use this comment to just let those who aren't on Twitter know that Doug *will* still be doing the fundraiser this year for Monterey Bay. RIP Rosa The Sea Otter. I hope you're enjoying an endless supply of shrimp, wherever you are.
Does anyone have a link to that Rosa / Stan Rogers song?
This is amazing
Dame, that otter is even older than me 💀💀
Napoleon is basically just a reality bending, French, war master with dementia
Soooo 500K next time?
How tf did napoleon STILL LOSE???
parkzer's "helloooo.... douglas... douglas..." is just so soothing
Happy birthday Rosa!!!!!!
god i hope rosa doesnt die
My favourite tradition
I love otters more than i love the gun
Damn, spot me $5 bucks so I can eat for the week
rosa should get a bellpepper or a bellpepper plushy
I agree that the U.S navy is not aligned with mankind.
SHITE WHEN WAS THSI
1:01:52  My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
Napoleon losing despite eliminating almost every piece chat had in less than 4 moves is so on brand.
the fact that it took me almost 6 minutes to realize that this is a fully edited video and not an hour long vod makes me feel like a fool. this is absolutely amazing work dougdoug!
ROSA ROSA ROSA ROSA
Rosa Parks[zer]
I love how this has evolved into a yearly Doug Doug recap combined with an absolutely massive fundraiser. I’m going to make it to the stream one of these days
Happy birthday rosa
Damn it, if I only know how to mod TF2 then we could have modded the Seal into Rosa and we have to feed her till she reaches the ocean
ROSA POG
twitch chat>google
Every Napoleon chess match is better then the last one, it was amazing
Rosa's Birthday Bash never fails to make me shed tears of joy.
9:44 considering the red line going through the ocean on the map… I interpreted that statement incredibly incorrect.
I love how Parkzer is funny now
What a amazing video
"drop nukes" "nono, you need to imagine what a great group of otters feasably can do" options later: "summon cthulu" "kidnap santa claus" and then, of corse drop nukes on the navy
How am I cheering for a sea critter literally older then me? I love it!
Cant wait for the day we hit that 10 million donation goal
bless you doug, and bless this awesome community
Doug, you probably already know, but, incase you dont, YOU ARE AWESOME!!
Can we all just, put away the tropes, the memes and all, and appreciate how much of an amazing person Doug is? Truly, no meme no joke, he’s an amazing person
Happy birthday rosa🎉🦭🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
12:05 hydrogen bomb vs coughing baby
rosa is the otter
Gentlemen we will soon present the first millionaire otter
This was so cool
Happy birthdayy ROSA!!!!!
I just love that Napoleon was finally about to win, and then he just explicitly kills himself.
omfg Doom Gal Rosa!
Imagine if next year it went to the millions
Rosa is the best sea otter.
Hey Doug, I don't know if you read these comments, let alone reply to them, but I need to know. Rosa's age could catch up to her any time at this point. When that happens, will this tradition continue? Will we continue raising money for the Monterrey Bay Aquarium every year in her honor? Maybe learn a thing or two about the other otters at the exhibit, and start really showing appreciation to them as well?
If Rosa had a church to worship here doug doug's position would be pope and parkzer's would be saintess
Never thought I'd love an otter until now :,)
I find it poetic that doug went from 300 dollars to 300K
Napoleon sending his bishop to kill his king was the most French thing he could have done.
You know what’s ironic, this is the first stream I tuned into
I KNEW ROSAS BIRTHDAY WAS COMING UP!
Happy birthday Rosa! ❤
Damn, this was amazing I legit got some tears dropped.
Im a little drunk right now but rosa's intro vid at like 2:10 brought tears to my eyes. She's just so good <3
I kinda want to see a full playthrough of the fan made peggle game
Did Parkzer have a warlord phase when he was younger? He knows a little too much about war crimes and he admitted he "isn't too familiar with the Geneva Convention"
next year we need to do the fund raiser stream at Monterey Bay Aquarium feeding Rosa
Parkerz room looks exactly as I expected. It's so neat and organised haha
I didn't know there was an rosa art contest 🥲 I'll join next year
Every year, I tell myself I'm normal about this, and every year I just start crying whenever they shout out the stream during the feeding. I dunno. Something about humanity comign together all over the world or something
Wouldn't be a game of French chess without overthrowing the government
Love this every year <3
It's either super weird or super cute that people are donating huge sums of money in the name of a random animal most of people won't even see with their own eyes ever.
this was such a fun stream
NGL i always thought your logo was a capiscum
Why did napoleon start to turn Scottish?
Loved this! Happy Bday Rosa. And thank you for adding all the greatness that makes your stream. <3
Hippy bartday
Sad that I missed this one due to uni. Was there for the last 2 years, but I'm so happy that these streams just keep getting more successful, chaotic, and wholesome! Belated congrats to Rosa! ❤🎉
Holy fuck Could we hit a million next year? This could be the next AGDQ
happy birthday rosa
SULFATE!
there will be a million next year
ROSA ROSA ROSA ROSA ROSA
I know that almost everything we do is far far beyond her comprehension, but I hope Rosa at least knows how much we all love her...
I really love this annual stream! 🥺
24:56 oooh my god my art made it into the rosa video. I am so HYPED!
OOoooh, so that's why christmas was cancelled that one time. Rosa was beating up Snatas
just to boost  engagement
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA🎉🎉🎉
I was there for both streams, and now I’m here to watch it again. We love you Rosa 🥹💕
Wow the idea of 1 otter being the catalyst for saving the population of otters with a little help from humans brings me a little more hope for humanity and the planet for that matter
Im happy yo raced this mondy for her but also ive hear twitch chat comolain YouTube never says hi so hi twitch chat
Epic
10:18 im not great in geography but im pretty sure that is west and east pacific not north and south. luv you Doug Doug    No Homo
I MAY BE LATE BUT HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
300,000 could've gone to humanitarian aid or cancer research but you guys think its quirky to donate it all to beavers. Have some perspective.
I donated $60 just to get text to speech to say something like let's work with the semen, and chat was pogging about semen for like 7 minutes
“Oh my cod” - Monterey Bay Aquarium 2023
Next year let's hit 800k
happy for this to have been my first Rosa birthday stream!! i didnt donate (i really cant) but i was certainly there for the ride. we love you Rosa!!!
Dang it I wish I could’ve made it to this year’s stream!! But happy birthday Rosa nonetheless!! ❤️❤️
I love Parkzers informatively evil attacks
At this rate doug is gonna raise 1 mil next year
2:21 a new hand touches the Beacon
Can we please make a plushie happen with Rosa holding DougDoug's pepper?
"a ton" of people living in New Mexico is quite an exaggeration. I've been there for work before and it's almost entirely desert
This is peak gaming content.
Rosa is the royalty of the sea otters
And you'll bet beating peggle with a gun is not something I thought I would see on this video today.
Because money is so easy to come by, 300 k dollars for an otter is ethical. I've never heard about a person die or be homeless because they dont have money.
"Do it for the bit" - Hank Green
Watching this community beat its own scores every year is so fun
DougDoug does not recognize Montenegro.
DougDoug does not recognize South Sudan.
I STUBBED MY TOEEEE!!!!!!!
00:07 Rose's 24th birthday party celebration at Monterey Bay Aquarium.  01:46 Rosa, the oldest otter at the Monterey Bay Aquarium, is an icon of their sea otter exhibit.  05:32 Monterey Bay Aquarium supports ocean conservation and rehabilitation of sea otters.  07:17 Sea otters eat a large amount of food in a day.  11:08 Battle between sea otters and humans for control of the Seven Seas  12:54 Rosa and the otter take control of the South Pacific  16:19 The humans start a deep sea mining operation in the North Pacific  18:00 Sea otters and humans wage war against Parx to protect the North Pacific  21:17 Garbage dumped in South Pacific expands the East garbage patch.  22:52 Rosa the sea otter teams up with the Navy to defeat humans and save the oceans  26:18 Reached 200,000 milestone and doubled last year's total  27:58 Chess battle between Napoleon Bonapart and Twitch chat with cheating involved.  31:27 Killing the whale was more important than winning the chess game.  33:06 Napoleon strategically uses Bishops to dominate the chess board.  36:59 Rosa celebrates her birthday with a cute style and various adorable activities  38:36 Failed to meet the goal of getting 10 OTS in 1 hour  41:51 An otter found joy with giants on a beach  43:29 The largest creature in the deep sea is a type of sea cucumber  47:03 The goblin shark's protrusible jaw is used to snatch its prey in an eerie masterful way.  48:51 Sulfate is the second most abundant anion in seawater after chloride.  52:34 The video features cute illustrations of otters and water-themed activities.  54:51 Congratulations to the winners!  58:08 The fundraiser received an incredible amount of support and raised $250,000.  1:00:00 Escorting Rosa to the top of the staircase on the community server  1:03:48 Monter Bay Aquarium staff surpasses fundraising goals  1:05:50 We raised $230 in a fundraiser  Crafted by Merlin AI.
He may not be THE DougDoug, but he's OUR DougDoug
This will all be weird to look back on when Rosa's tweets from 2009 come to light.
Lets goo DougDoug! $3,000,000 next? (jk that may be impossible)
Man. Respect for the anonymous donations in the millions on the aquarium plaque.
Did I miss her birthday again????
hampy birth day rosa
I can't wait until we manage to raise enough money to get our own plaque in 4 years!
amazing how people can find so much support and happiness in celebrating an otter's birthday for no particular reason other than it brings joy
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
due to living in denmark there were donation problems so i couldnt donate :(
Bro imagine working for/owning this aquarium and one year some batshit crazy YouTuber and his following decide to donate for birthday- only for it to get progressively more insane every year. ☺️ I love this community
Rosa is older than me
I LIKE MY MEN LIKE I LIKE MY COFFEE
🍞
amazing content cant wait for next year
Parkzer's villainy is just what we've been doing to the oceans as humanity so really, we're the villains here
#1 in gaming doesn’t do Rosa enough justice
Rosa is a truly amazing otter.
Rosa for president 2024!!!
HELL YEA
Love ya Rosa.
600k next year?
Parkzer commiting war crimes against the chat otters lmfaooo
Can't wait for the year we manage to surpass the million dollar mark and overtake even larger entities than miniscule Google
LOOK THERE I AM MOM (The jumping creeper suited man) 1:05:51 I know from experience the Minecraft having server issues. I led an offscreen rebellion by sitting down with those who couldn't join in. But after all that I still wanna say how fun the stream was and just hope Rosa had an amazing birthday... to many more we love you forever, our Queen Goddess 🦦 <3
34:38 shouldve planted white flags, perfect joke
I like how Parkzers game plan against Rosa and the Otters was just destroying everything in his path
It's really cool that this charity helps conserve the ocean 😄
Your ocean geography knowledge disappoints me Doug
12:06 how the fuck is he tryharding at this
48:00 how the heck did he get that wrong?
Rosa the otter
the fact Napoleon killed his own king is the most french thing ever
24rd
Imagine Google just starts a donation war. They donate like $5 more than DougDoug
Now can we do one for my student loans?   ...  No one? Please?
I watched the entire almost 12 hour long stream, and I gotta say, was one of the best ways I ever spend a day❤
R o s a
Can we celebrate her half birthdays now as well
an hour long dougdoug video about rosa is a blessing
YESSSS
Its that time of year again :)
Yeah science moment!
POGGGGGG
Happy b-day Rosa!!!!!!
Me: debating on the 20 hours of sea otter birthday or the 1 hour video
I can’t be the only one shipping Doug and Emily of the Aquarium
1 million next year
It's a damn sea otter, why does it need 300K?
*sigh* Twitch chat WOULD try to make another pope.
How can I get my hands on the song Rosa the Otter by Stan Rogers?? 😭😭😭
stream was a complete BLAST, so happy to watch it all again
Most French thing ever was killing the king and planting the flag on his corpse.
ITS THAT TIME OF YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m now waiting for DougDoug to visit Alveus.
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you'll hear. Everyone, including you and me, has sinned and falls short of God's glory (Romans 3:23). And because the wages/punishment of sin is death (Romans 6:23), you are headed for Hell for eternity. But because God loves you, He graciously offers you the gift of Eternal Life through Jesus Christ. Jesus, as God in the flesh, died for your sins on the cross. He took the punishment you deserve, and He rose again on the 3rd day. If you believe this and confess that Christ is Lord, then you are saved (Romans 10:9,10),  and regardless of what you may have done, there is no condemnation for you if you are in Christ Jesus (Romans 8:1). You are saved by what Jesus did on the cross, not what you do. Salvation is simple and free. "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life."
im just helping boost in the algorithm
This series has been both so heartwarming and so funny keep up the good work man. Twitch chat lets beat the small business administration !!!!!!
I love Parkzer tryharding and using somewhat actual tactics, and still losing to a group of o people who tried to kidnap santa, marry Cthulu to a compass and becoming navy SEALS
The number keeps getting bigger each soon rosa will be a millionaire
If Napoleon were a mermaid, history would have been much different. Can't maroon a mermaid on an island, can you?
The wholesomeness of this tradition will always be worthy of tears
I love how the AI always goes along with chat's chaotic decisions but repeatedly foils Parkzer's legitimately thought-out plans
Dpugdoug's quest to have Rosa beat Jeff Bezos continues!!!
Napoleon: Has Chat in a corner  Also Napoleon: Kills himself
I WAS THERE!!!
This has to be one of my favourite traditions of the DougDoug community
Rosasaaas🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Cund Not bei there :(
WOOOO🎉🎉🎉
The art are all beautiful and the talent those artist have some of the best I’ve seen also congrats you madlad raising this much
Rosa my beloved ❤
I love how it wasn’t even twitch chat who ended up destroying everything it was Parkzer deciding to wage nuclear and chemical warfare and commit other crimes against humanity just to win.
This is silly, but I'm a trans woman who chose the name Rosa because of how much I love this damn otter lol
No wonder napolean keeps losing, he hates his king
WAAAA
Sad they didn’t include chair stream. Though absolutely amazing job Doug! Google is shaking and vomiting. Being there live for all stream was nuts! Let’s keep growing this community 🎉🎉🎉
sea otters are war criminals
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR A FLIPIN YEAR!!!!!!!!!!!
I fear the amount that can be raised if Rosa survives at least 2 more years
Hes gonna get like famous people and make a whole event out of Rosas birthday.
I was there! May my donation bless our Queen Rosa with all the seafood she can eat!
Happy birthday Rosa!!!
why a 19. 17 is the best
Killing your own king is the frenchest thing ever
Even when Napoleon literally cheats harder than he has ever cheated before... he still can't win
WE DESTROYED GOOGLE
Didn't their birthday happen already?
I can't believe I've been watching dougs videos for like 4 or 5 years
THAT'S MY SEA OTTER!
I was 3 in 2005 so I can’t dispute rosa’s otter revolution
<3 Rosa
finally the videos out :D
LETS GOOOOOO
how did he forget to  dredge up a new continent which would sink by the end of the game
I wonder if sea otters can eat bell peppers?
In all fairness, it wouldn't be the first time the French killed their king
#2 on trending For gaming
To be fair, killing their own king is a classic french strategy.
Insane
Can’t wait for next year 🥳
cant wait for next year when they raise 2,114,099.47 dollars
I almost thought you forgot! But why would you lol precious girl deserves a good birthday full of love from random games on the Internet
That otter is older than me damn
Hard to believe doug is 48 already
Hey Doug, can you do me a favor? There’s this really cool game called Your Only Move Is Hustle and I think you should play it for you fans. I think they would really like it.
I now look forward to this every year 💖 Happy birthday Rosa 🤎
I love how this started out as a dumb bit and has evolved into doing a lot of amazing stuff for a good company.
This is the most French way to play chess prove me wrong 34:46
This restores my faith in humanity
Lets goooo
Heh Doug's #2 on trending fir gaming 🤣
There was a rosa demon days  album parody art, I love it
This is premium content
YES! I'M SO MAD I MISSED THE STREAM BUT THANK YOU!
I'm convinced that if we made a good enough joke/running gag about any world issue the DougDoug community would band together and pester Doug until they somehow managed to fix it
Rosa my beloved birthday twin of October 9th! 🎉🎉🎉
Holy carp is either the best pun ever or the best typo ever
can you come to the saint louis zoo, ill personally give you a free tour. we have lots of awesome animals and literally all of them have birthdays
eventually, we will be the largest donor in Monterrey bay aquarium history!
Can we appreciate that this is no 1 for gaming at the moment?😂
This just feels like a highlight reel of your previous videos, amazing.
The AI napoleon part was actually hilarious when he killed his own king
RTGame has some competition with his Minecraft streams and community now it seems...
Mippy Bartday Rosa!
I'm new and don't know the Doug/Parkzer dynamic yet, but I love how Parkzer is just always confused by us.
Rosa Good 👍
I went to the Monterey Bay aquarium but hadn’t put the pieces together it was this aquarium even though I’ve followed this channel for years. I went to see the otters and when the presenter said “and this one is Rosa!” I flipped my shit, happiest accident of my life.
We are approaching the threshold where asking if one million really is that unachievable is real
Not me about to share this event with my Marine Science teacher
guys lock in, we can get 2.33 mil if all of us donated $1
The fact that Rosa is older than me is wild  Also I hope she lives to older than 28 so she can set a new record
So in my D&D campaign I am going to make Rosa the Sea otter the God of friendship and happiness :D
*recognises the noise Doug uses for Cthulhu as the Godzilla 2019 rumbles*
<33333
lets gooooooo
Happy Birthday Rosa!!!
This is my favorite dougdoug video series. I look forward to this video every year
Incredible. Thank you Rosa for...literally doing nothing and just being an otter.;
Man how many more birthdays do you think she has left?  She's so old T__T
HOW OLD IS THIS WATER BABY
I love how parkzers first move was to chemically castrate the sea otters
Nobody tell Doug that the oldest wild sea otter found was about 23 years old.
We dont pick favorits :)
I miss Monterey Bay Aquarium so bad! I grew up not far from there! Hooray for Otters!! AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!
I feel like that chess game was criminally underrated, chat really clutched victory from the jaws of defeat there.
Omega strikers OST 🤩38:39
It's crazy of just how much Doug Doug and his twitch chat has changed a sea otters life completely. Here's too her 24th birthday and many more too come! ❤
It makes sense that napoleon would kill his king and plant a flag on his corpse tho
Damn, I just realized Rosa is older than me in human years
This aquarium has got to love him.
Rosa is the richest sea otter ever 😂😂😂
In 5 years, Dougdoug will surpass all donors with his donation.
There is nothing we can’t do
26:22 celest music
Thank you very much
napoleon killing his own king is so in character
Now we know how Doug likes his men
Where does wizard parkzer with a gun come from?
I love how the war for the ocean just ended in most of it being entirely uninhabitable
Celebrating Rosa's birthday is by far the best annual event on twitch. Keep being awesome, DougDoug
Amazing how much DougDoug can do for Rosa at the grand old age of 68.
IT'S FUCKING HEREEEEe
I hope everyone knows that there are some people who throw a full on party for rosas birthday
Remember, you can do anything.  If Napoleon Bonaparte can lose a chess match when he has 30 pieces and his opponent has 2, you can do anything.
This is unreal.. Wow.
I am just realizing that, me and Rosa have the same~ish birthday.  How could I be so bless to have my birthday shared~ishwith such a legend?  I am dumb. Its just the upload date.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAH BABY THATS WHATF UIEVE BEEASN WAISTSOENG FOREURE
Didnt we do this like a fee months ago or is this new
Emily technically educated thousands of people all at once. Emily needs a raise.
55:39 top right corner is the fursona I made 4 dugg
Rosa is the oldest living otter alive pets see it that she becomes the oldest
Next year we will raise A MILLION DOLLARS
Join DougDoug next year when he raises 1 million dollars!
bro i was born 2 days before Rosas 11th birthday
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
this is the most wholesome thing on the entire internet. my heart hurts the entire stream through, it is so heart warming i can't even express my happiness about this
so nuking is not allow but summon cthulu is?  classic
This Napoleon truly understood the values of the French Republic.
My hug pixel art got cut ):
I live in new mexico :( (your right it sucks)
first off, happy birthday to Rosa!  second off, seeing this video honestly made my day way better, ive been going through some stuff(i got a sore throat, so no more talking for a while, i have to do a full debate thing in 2 days, im stressed out with a lot of stuff) and this made my day a lot better  thanks dougdoug, doubt you will see this, but thanks either way
Mello sent me
That means in total dougdoug has donated around 430k
YEAHHHHHHHHHHH BABBYYYY
I wish I could have been there, but I had to go to my stupid best friend’s birthday instead like a goddamn loser. Hopefully next year I can stay the whole time
We are the cult of Rosa!!!
For those who didn't see the stream, right before the AI invasion, Parkzer had to use the bathroom, causing Chat to go crazy over "PARKZER CHAIR!" Then, Doug had to go to the bathroom, making Chat think they were going to have a double chair stream, but then Parkzer came back, and Chat got upset, being robbed of the double chair stream. But then, Parkzer saw Chat, said "Ah, my mistake. Carry on." Then left again, finally giving Chat the fabled *DOUBLE CHAIR STREAM!* (At least, that's what I remember.) Also, this was the first time I've ever really donated to any charity. It was only $5, but I was more than happy to. Happy belated birthday, Rosa!
We need the whole Freddi Fish video like the Pajama Sam vid
36:16 so Twitch chat is DougDoug’s stand?
This has become so much more then just Rosa. This has become a time where people can get together, raise money, play games, draw art and learn. And if it weren’t for Rosa being the GOAT that she is. hundreds of thousands of dollars wouldn’t have been raised for so many good causes. And while we can thank Rosa all we want, there’s nobody more important then Doug himself. He’s worked so hard on all of this and he deserves so much respect.
holy shit
If I am correct Me and Rosa share the same birthday (anyone know what it is so I can confirm this?)
Next year we need a full day just to go over the art submissions.
called out work for this stream and got a friend to do the same. we love rosa <3
The misinformation in this video. There was no worldwide war for the oceans between the otters and the humans in 2005. That happened in 2004. The audacity to spread such blatant misinformation is disgusting DouglasDouglas. I will now be submitting a formal report to YouTube for this misinformation.
if you raised 100k last year and 300k this year that means you can clearly raise 1 million next year
What a cool thing to do
She did do a good job
Mae Rosa outlive us all
Next year 1M
ROSA ❤️
As chaotic as this channel can be, it can also be incredibly wholesome. This community is really dedicated to show so much care for Rosa, someone I never would've learned about otherwise. This channel has grown so much, and things have only gotten better. I look forward to seeing where this channel goes forward.
38:09 i have this as my computer background currently, its so good
Rosa's 24rd birthday is sadly, not sponsored by Foth!
7h ago EARLY GANG!
This is so adorable!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA 🦦🦦
Rosa's job is aquarium
WOOOOOO
sharks dont have yassified bones?????
In 4 years when I am 18 I am getting an otter tattoo on my shoulder if I remember
the next time i go to monterey bay aquarium, it won't be just to see rosa but to see our place on the donation board. i will be so so proud.
Its my favorite time of the year! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!
Rosa is the otter equivalent of the emperor of man. May her holy reign over all otterdom last for eons to come!
Nooo i missed it again
eh not as adorable as Hana and Kotaro
Thats my sea otter!!!
I look forward to Rosa's birthday party every year! WE LOVE YOU ROSA!! <3 Oh yeah, and you too DougDoug! <3
The stream was so long that I stayed from the start but couldn't make it around half way of the minecraft part
Happy Birthday Rosa!!!!
LETS GET ONE MILLION NEXT YEAR!!!
My friend and I were the two in that one TTS near the end who donated to “stick it to Google” but we were both genuinely so happy to get to donate and be a part of something this meaningful. Afterwards we were running on the high of how proud we were of this community even though it was 2AM and we both had to be up the next morning. This is one of the best communities I’ve ever been a part of and I’m so proud to be a part of this with all of you guys and Doug and Parkzer and everybody involved and especially our queen Rosa!
Man, we joke but this is actually such a giant and amazing thing for everyone to do. Im really happy to be part of a community that can just unironically do something good like this
IT’S THAT TIME OF YEAR AGAIN, LEZ HECK GO \o/
That last Rosa animation actually made me cry btw. It was so emotionally moving. That’s the winner in my mind. Getting real for a second: I hope we can have beautiful and heartfelt animations like that when Rosa passes.
epic
i'm so glad i was able to take part in this. seeing these videos feels way different if you were actually there.
How do they tell their age? Do they cut off their arms and count the rings?
I loved this stream
Second ever DougDoug stream I watched and I was emotional, truly amazing watching stream   I was watching for the entire stream. I have not had a good sleep schedule sense lol
If rosa ever passes, i make a petition to always so the stream for her memory
I remember going in the stream seeing the final version of the chessboard in pure confusion.
WOO ROSA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA BEST GIRL!! This is the best yearly tradition 🥹
I unfortunately couldnt watch most of the first Stream as I was very sick But from what I saw, this was SICK!  (pun intended)
This is a yeah science moment.
Can't wait for dougdoug to get in a charity war with google
that animation with the bell paper and rosa brought a tear to my eye
Lobby sitting gang, it was an honor to sit with you all
I wish to see art of Cthulhu destroying a modern deep sea mining platform
These are always my favourite videos of the year, good job Otters good job DougDoug and good job every legend that sees this
My favorite time of the year
7hours
35:02 cannot imagine a more french thing than killing your own king lmao
And so, this is the story of how Google declared war against DougDoug and Twitch Chat.
I know this started off as kind of a joke but it honestly warms my heart to see so many people come together to do something good. There's so much bad stuff happening in the world right now that gets you down. But this is a great reminder that there is still kindness and love out there.  On top of that, this stream is an awesome best of DougDoug. AI Invasion, Napoleon Chess, Peggle, crazy challenges, ...  I think I speak for all of us: Thank you DougDoug! You made this possible! This could have just as well been a one time event and most people would have been fine with that. But you put in the effort to make this an annual tradition. That is something you can be genuinely proud of.
I can’t wait to watch this, they are always good
Parkzer went full Melon Lord in the beginning, and I love that for him.
what a beautiful otter Rosa is!
I use this to count how old I am
This was the first Doug stream I actually watched a little of. I was planning to go to the aquarium that day but I unfortunately couldn’t make it. Went about a week later tho
Man, Parkzer plays AI invasion on an entirely different level.
What is this song that starts around 38:49 ???  EDIT: It sounded familiar, it's "Go Strike" from Omega strikers, really fun game
My favorite part about this is that we get chair stream soon We love rosa
I actually learned some cool stuff. Hemocyanin is not only making the blood blue due to the copper it has, but is more efficient for getting oxygen as it can hold 96 o2 atoms versus hemoglobin’s 4. This makes it useful for deep sea where oxygen is actually more sparse! It was a really cool thing to google and learn about!
As a member of the United States Navy, I just want to say that it was an honor serving alongside Rosa and her Otter SEAL army. I thank them all for their service, and will remain forever in their debt
Will the first stream be made into a video?
Napoleon killing his own king and planting a French flag is very French
Yay more rosa
The only reason I will ever possibly visit California for the foreseeable future would be to see the Epic otters :3  Edit: otters are a long time favorite animal of mine, even since I was little, so I’m glad to see their population increasing so quickly with all the charity work, and hard conservation efforts. DougDoug bringing so much important and needed attention to the sea otter conservation efforts brings me a lot of joy. Every year I’ve loved seeing one of my favorite YouTubers work with the aquarium to provide so much money to not only the otter conservation efforts, but sea life in general. I’m so proud of this community :3
like many of us here i've been keeping up with this series since the beginning. i couldn't help but feel nostalgic and poignant this time around. doug has come so far.
this stream literally makes me cry happy tears every year now, that is SO much friggin money to a great cause ;___;;;;;;
I'm so sad I couldn't make it to this year's stream! So glad it did well!
Neuvilette would be happy.
next goal, making Rosa the next president of United State
When is the Dougle Stream? (The DougDoug Peggle stream of just dougdoug peggle)
I'm proud to have been a part of this nonsense.  Long live Rosa!
that was the best part the fact that the Aquarium was helping with the trivia was great xD ok even brought back the Mmmmmm i need to rewatch that video that was great xD i gotta find it lol
$1m next year?
Happy bday rosa 🥳
❤❤❤❤❤
i was a leech when selka got gang warred and selka said the most racist heinous shit to that shark, selka deserved it
My family and I went to Monterey bay aquarium last year for my birthday, unfortunately, we didn't get to see rosa because we came to late. 😢
ITS THAT TIME OF THE YEAR AGAIN BOYS
I find it very funny how Napoleon keeps getting more powerful with every round and SOMEHOW keeps losing.
Rosa is basically like Sea Otter Jesus.
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow
HERE WE GO AGAIN FOR ROSA
EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED
I'll see you all next year!
sae otter
im seeing rosa at the end of the school year :D
As someone who has been watching since the first Rosa birthday its amazing how far this channel has come in giving Rosa shrimp.
this series is the most wholesome thing on youtube
This is quite funny because I am a blacksmith. Also thank you so much to dougdoug for the amazing work that he has done for montery bay aquarium every year.
We stan Rosa
POOB
It's so crazy remembering the first of these like it was yesterday, and now it's... this.
Why am I not getting notifications for the streams😭😭
My sister got to meet Rosa on her birthday! Rosa is so stinking cute!
Monterey bay is a very nice city with good food and people, I highly recommend it for your next stop for summer vacation or whenever you have the time. It’s a small city on the cost of California, it has a lot of shops and dinners that are surprisingly good quality. It’s just a good stop for your next vacation ( preferably summer)
The mad lad  who donated 1000 single-handedly You are whats keeping this world alive KEEP AT IT
So next year are all yall gonna get to a million
YEAH WOOO HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
Fun fact! Male sea otters hold their own kids underwater for ransom until the female gives up her food
28:30 IS THAT A GEOMETRY DASH  REFERENCE?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAAA
Hope that Yootooz can actually happen
Pure serotonin>>>>
I love Rosa and Magic Hat so much
Imagine chair did a stream to celebrate Rosa's birthday
Can't wait till a million next year.
Why is Napoleon spy in a hat😂
Happy (really late) birthday Rosa! :)))
The art was so amazing this year, so here’s a suggestion for next year’s stream: Have different categories! For example, you could divide the submissions into Traditional (painted, crafted, etc), Digital, and Other (animations, games, etc). That way, awards feel more balanced and all types of art are rewarded 😊
Bro always releases the video while I’m currently in the process of watching his 11 hour vod
this was a BLAST! I love how you sprinkled in the art instead of all at once!
any one know how the find the mary ellen carter remake
lmao doug failing instantly at the 2d section is so on target.
the next one should includde dougdoug petting or playing with Rosa for at least 10 minutes or so.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA! 🎊🎉🦀🍤🎂  My birthday comes in 2 days (Oct 13th) So this was an awesome video to watch. I loved the fan art, and all the challenges, they were my favorites across this channel, I been watching you for 5 years! My first ever video I saw of you was "1-1 Mario bros with voice commands, I found you out cause of one of Skip the Tutorials videos "Glass Joe in Punch with voice Commands" I watched it when he suggested it at the end of the video, I am SO glad I found this awesome channel!
They literally tripled last years dono
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rosa is vibing and thats what she's best at we should always strive to be like her!
NICEEE!!! POGGG!!!
Its french, of course they killed their own king
Seeing a community come together like this made me tear up a few times❤
I love the idea of an otter sending cthulu an e-mail.
come on doug, only twice the goal? you can do better than this
Rosa!!!!!!!! Wow I can't believe it's her birthday again!!! It seems like she has more birthdays than I do 😂
The song at the end is such an amazing reference lmao
also wait is that plaque for a single donation or is it total.... if its total your almost at 500k?..... soooooooo hit 1 mill next year? xD
Currently every view is a dollar on the stream
dougdoug and point crow rosa stream next year?
Trending
Love this series! Love this community!
bro this otter is has more years on plant then me
Truly, the best otter.
I love this adorable water pup
I grew up in Monterey and I remember as a kid visiting the aquarium tons of times. The otters were always my favorite and chances are with Rosa being there for what 20 years? I probably got to see her at one point. Either way I'm glad to see there are so many other otter enthusiasts like you Doug! And happy birthday Rosa!!
It's been a year already? Damn
Love otters and love Rosa! This is a great yearly tradition, and it's perfect since my own birthday is only two days off from Rosa's! It's the perfect gift :D
I love how beautiful it is to see a random man online giving 300k dollars to the oldest sea otter in the world.
HELL YEA been waiting for the Rosa highlight stream!
i was wating for it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ROSAAAAA
Sad I couldn’t be here for either stream from the start, but for the time I was there it was a blast
every region battle devolves into "attack the spot the enemy has" over and over  is still a fun one, but feels kinda old in that way
Oldest Living Sea Otter and Richest Living Sea Otter
COFFEE
Congratulations to DouglassDouglass and his team. You guys have, at the very least, earned a place in the history of internet fundraising. Your streams for Rosa are just miles ahead of everybody else who is doing similar streams.
I love how all of the fanbase hive-minded parkzer with a glock
it's incredible that this otter is probably older than 90% of dougs viewerbase
Rip Napoleon. Every chance he gets to win, doug cucks him out of it. o7 You glorious mermaid man.
As a regular visitor to the Monterey Bay Aquarium, I have actually seen Rosa and can confirm that she is a happy otter. She’s currently retired and is on exhibit permanently now so you can always see her
Every year this happens makes me so happy, so many happy memories of visiting Rosa at the Aquarium when I was little, she was one of the new otters at the time, makes me so happy she’s still around
YESSS IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THE VIDEO SINCE THE STREAM
GIVE US THE ROSA PLUSH
hype
parkzer's loss was rigged
Glad to be there
Doug should go see Rosa
53:30 It was so fun to make this animation for Rosa. Thank you DougDoug for a great time!! And Happy Birthday Queen Rosa
Rosa moment Can we get 1 million for 2024
Happy birthday Rosa! As a new dougdoug viewer I'm sorry I missed it but I hope you had a wonderful shrimp and clam meal!
love ur sly cooper music fr
1 million next year ezpz
HBD ROSAAAA
The French killing their own king and throwing their empire into chaos? Who would have ever seen that happened?
god why does he look like that
holy squid
best birthday stream ever. happy birthday rosa.........1 mouth later
the chess ending was acurate since napoleon was the only reason the revolution was able to succeed and eventually kill the king. also the flag changed during the revolution so the king being killed by the new flag was accurate. Also happy birthday rosa.
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Rosa? Like Rosa parks, that’s it send her to the back of the bus
Next year they raise like 1 million. I wouldn’t be surprised.
We need to get Rosa on the famous birthday website 🤣
i wanna see the retention graph on this video, I swear, I've never been this invested in an hour long video ever
IT IS THE GREATEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!!!
this was the most comfortable dougdoug stream i've seen, its like at the end of the year when the class watches a movie and eats snacks and stuff
This is so wholesome! Great work DougDoug and twitch chat!! I guarantee all of your ex-spouses are devastated that they divorced ocean lovers as cool as yourselves
The DougDoug community is the textbook definition of "Chaotic Good"
You can give me a 24 hour rosa birthday video, i am going to watch it all
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ROZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
2 villians in this story Fr, an Asshole just bugging people, and Cops who don’t know the law and try to get individuals to solicit a charge which is not allowed.
Otters are my favorite animal and October is my birthday month it's perfect🥲
I’ve been waiting so long for another ai invasion, and I can’t think of a better day to bring it back
This was the best stream that I have ever had the pleasure to be apart of and donate to! Happy birthday, Rosa! Next year let's get $100million and get our OWN wall at MBA!
rosa is pog
I love Napolean chess so fucking much. He had everything going for him and then managed to throw it away in a second. The tide truly does change, Napolean. It truly does.
YAAAAAAAAY
Me and Rosa are like only 2 months different in age
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAAAAAAAAA
Only number 3 on trending, why isn’t it number one
Woah I'm turning 24 around the same time as Rosa wooo
"we raised $4 billion for this sea otter"
Im so glad to be able to see Rosa in person definitely the otter of all time
finally
WOW 3rd on trending for gaming!
Google been pretty quiet since this dropped
Its great to relive this again, I was there during it and it was amazing
After watching parkzers ideas for the ai invasion I take back everything I said about him being the straight man
Well this just made my day significantly better.
14:22
All of these ai land based battles are rigged against doug doug or parkzer, resulting in more views, though less actual stakes about who will win
BURN THE OCEAN!!!!!! 🔥 🔥 🔥
WE MUST HAVE A ROSA PLUSH! you could donate the profits from the plush to next years birthday party too
im only 6 minutes in an i have a big smile on my face
only DougDoug's twitch chat would raise over 300,000 dollars just to dunk on google
Can we replace all of the subway surfers videos and Minecraft parkour videos with Rosa doing her otter greatness on the side. Happy 24th Birthday Rosa!!!
HAPYY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAAA
I’ll have what he had
next year, make a youtuze of pepper and rosa (in partner with the aquarium) and donate all proceeds to rosa!!!! donation merch!!!!!!
damn, its already been a year
Happy birthday rosa
My WiFi Stopped Working So I'm Using Mobile Data To Watch This Lol
Richest otter in the pond
WHO TF DISLIKED!?!?! BTW HAPPY BDAY ROSA
as a french person i count the death of Napoleon's King as a full win, it's the revolution and the establishment the 3rd Republic !
Happy birthday rosa ive been watching these for the last 3 years so i was not here from the beginning
I just celebrated my 24th birthday on Sunday. The fact that Rosa and I are the same age makes me so happy every time I watch Doug’s livestream for Rosa each year
happy birthday rosa
When was this?
Sea otters have been my absolute favorite animals and my dream is to work with them someday
It costs four-hundred thousand dollars to stram for this otter    FOR 12 SECONDS
It’s going to be a sad day when Rosa passes away
shes growing up so fast
Doug is rosas sugar daddy
$300,000. That's a lot of money. Hopefully it'll be even more next year!
That is insane for a sea otter 😮
iv'e seen Rosa in person but i did not know she had lore
DOUG YOU BETTER MAKE ONE MILLION FOR ROSA NEXT TIME.
Napoleon killing his own king and planting a French flag on his corpse is the most French Revolution thing I've ever heard.
rosa is literally 2 months younger than me and has done infinitely more with her life than I ever will
Rosa was born in 1999, that makes her Gen Z. Sweet.
YOOO ROSAAAA
Congrats!  It was my birthday last week, somone raise me $1000 dollars. :(
It just keeps getting better and better
Doug is setting up everyone for disappointment when Rosa dies
i genuinely believe that this is the greatest annual youtube video series ever
this is my all time favorite tradition
I wonder if if Doug Doug has anything named after him
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHH ROSA!
For those only watching on YouTube, the art show took several hours to get through. I left the stream to do some other stuff and came back expecting to have missed a challenge, but instead came back at the end of the art show and got to vote on the winner.
Happy birthday ROSAA
If Rosa dies, we all die
"saved" 23:49
THAT'S MY OTTER! 🧡
Last year's Rosa video was my favorite of all time, and this was somehow even better
I still think doug did parkzer dirty, parkzer *exterminated* like, 2 oceans, yet they were still keep by the sea otters, they should have been destroyed from the field. And the court was left useless by the second use of it, since the judge ended on the wrong side of the law, yet it was still being used.
All my homies hate Google.
I LOVE ROSA 🧡
"That's mermaid style." LMAO
5h ROSA!
This might be dougs greatest video yet, fuck yeah
yooooooooooooooooooo
I LIKE MY MEN LIKE I LIKE MY COFFE  HOT STRONG AND SWEET LIKE A TOFFE   Love this community and you Doug <3 cheers to Rosa it was blast watching this entire 12 hours live stream <3
Today is a good day,
chat's reaction to the crab eating was hilarious
You know someone donates a lot when they have an entire paragraph talking about his donations on Rosa's wikipedia page
It was a very French thing to do to kill their own king.
Sooooo next year are we going after the US Small Business Administration?
I'm sad no art submisions had Doug 100% bald
28:30 GEOMETRY DASH
I do hope it becomes a Rosa Memorial stream or that this level of affection is given to another animal at the aquarium when the unfortunate but quickly approaching inevitable happens and Rosa passes. I want to see this level of fervor go on in her honor
47:25 I see you, bungo stray dogs fan
When you are younger and more broke than a OTTER
ROSA LET'S GOOO!!!!!!!
Parkzer. Are you ok?
I missed Rosas birthday 😢
Ok I know this entire stream was great but Napoleon destroying his own winning board state for Rosa's birthday is priceless.
Was that a REAL CRAB you just took a bite out of??
Honestly dougs charity work for Monterey is extremely admirable
I can't stop thinking about how confused some of the MBA higherups must be about wtf twitch is and how/why this chaotic 30something in a onesie on a computer screen is managing to raise hundreds of thousands for them Also about the potential of an employee who is a dougdoug viewer
I really don't even fully understand why but I cried a few times watching this, there's something about celebrating the life of one cute little sea otter and supporting a good cause just for the sake of it that puts into perspective how petty and mean so much of the world can be in comparison. We need more love and support in this world, let's try to live every day like it's Rosa's birthday
can you also raise $300,000 for my birthday?
Makes sense the French would kill their own king
I love that this started as an impromptu joke but has turned into a serious massive fundraiser.
Happy fucking birthday, Rosa. Best otter around
ROSAAAAA
The chess match sounds like a yugioh anime duel.
For once I caught part of this live!
How ironic that AI invasion involved trying to pollute and nuke the oceans and generally make them as inhospitable as possible like that's the exact opposite of Montery Bay Aquarium's goal
every time somebody asks me why i watch dougdoug i show them these videos
Bro I watched the old stream for the first time YESTERDAY
Can I like this video 300000 times?
We need a total tour of the stair case
I was actuallly there !!  I was at monterey bay aquarium during Rosa’s birthday !! Ir was amazing hearing the guides there talking about the stream :) amazing work dougdoug
Doug Doug Chan got me boutta bust 😩
the Frenchmen killing their own king, then proudly proclaiming it with a french flag is actually historically accurate...
About a year ago there was something about a bunny and a suit… right?
WE NEED DOUGDOUG CORP VS GOOGLE
Happy birthday, Rosa! ❤   This was great and wholesome  I immensely enjoyed the bachelor pick dream theater's and the humans!😂😂  Hahahaha!!  Napoleon was hilarious, congrats Twitch chat!
It's honestly cool to think that she and I roughly the same age, both of us born in kate August of 1999
LETS GO ANOTHER ROSA BIRTHDAY PARTY
Soon the Aquarium will have to add another plaque just for The Doug Doug Community 🥺🦦 Happy Birthday Rosa!
I was there!!!!!!!
Brb going to go make out with some ocean, happy birthday Rosa
NEXT YEAR WE GET TO THE TOP, OVER 10 MILLION RAISED
LETS FUCKING GOOOO! ROSAS BIRTHDAY WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I love Rosa
I was here both days! Not just my first rosa birthday and my first donations but actually my first time watching on twitch too! This was so awesome Doug! I stayed up all the way until the end even if the final drop was 1 in the morning where i live.
500,000 next year
Rosa is even older than i am!
Rosa is older than me! I was born September 25 1999!!!
LONG LIVE THE LOVABLE ROSA!!!
Can't believe Twitch chat is legally obligatted to donate over half a million for Rosa next year (This is true, Parkzer confirmed)
Sad to think this might be the last year we celebrate Rosa 😢
Well i WAS going to sleep but clearly this is more important.
you can only smile. rosa along with dougdoug never stop giving content. may rosa live a life that we all dream of.
I mean yeah twitch chat managed to conquer the entire planet's ocean, but almost half of them is uninhabitable so who really won there
ROSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSA
Unsurprising a Frenchman would kill his own king
FUCK YEAAAAAHHHH HAPPY BIRTHFAY ROSAAAAAA GOD I LOVE RODAAAAAA
Freddy fish video when?
who would have thought an otters birthday would end up being such a monumental occasion
SEAL GOODMAN, BABY! EDIT: Twitch chat winning via the "French Revolution Gambit" is just priceless 😂
56:36 again omega strikers music, editor i love you
Can’t wait to hit 1 million in a year or two!
DOUGLAS
Actually one of my favorite stream each year!!
The fact I've been around for every single one of these videos, back from the first celebration to now, it has been absolutely amazing getting to understand an have a love for otters, Monteray Bay Aquarium is doing some great work, keep it up!
If that Rosa-Doug plush was to come out for charity that'd be preeetty cool
Although I havent gotten to celebrate Rosa's birthday live on stream, I havent missed a year yet.  This is one of my favorite annual video series!
All I know is that Rosa is doing such a good job.
This Whole video is a yeah science moment
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO YESSS HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!! I WILL DONATE MY LIFE SAVINGS FOR YOU
Weird YouTube recommended but good video 👍
2024: We raised one million dollars for a Sea Otter's birthday!
1 hour long, perfect pacing throughout (at least for some attention deficit 20+ yo kid like me). How does someone manages to do this.
I honestly love how deeply wholesome this is. Like, you do wacky hi-jinks all the time, but this is so nice and kind. Thank you for caring about Rosa, Doug!
So does the plaque update based on total donations, or donations in the past year? It has to be the first one, right?
Truly, this is a remarkable and heartwarming day. The collective effort of DougDoug's community, coming together to raise an astounding $300,000 for Rosa the Otter, is a testament to the incredible compassion and generosity that exists within online communities.  Rosa, the otter who has gracefully reached the ripe age of 24, is undoubtedly the recipient of this benevolence. It's awe-inspiring to witness the positive influence that a passionate and dedicated group of individuals can have, and the impact it can bring to the life of a furry friend like Rosa.  The act of contributing to Rosa's well-being not only extends her quality of life but also serves as a reminder of the remarkable things humanity can achieve when united by a common cause. It's a testament to the enduring power of collective kindness and showcases the positive potential of the digital age in creating meaningful change. Here's to Rosa, DougDoug's community, and the boundless compassion that makes days like this truly extraordinary. 🎉🦦🌟
w rosa
I love how Rosa is likely older than like 80% of Doug's chat XD
anything for our queen rosa
Cool
Happy birthday 🎂 🥳 🎉
DougDoug is a legend for this, almost as bad ass as my local MBA and Rosa herself. I paid my respects to her a couple weekends ago.
Its so wholesome that the Aquarium's twitch page is there watching and reacting to his stream  To the Monterey Bay Aquarium, from the entire dougdoug community with love: THAT'S MY AQUARIUM!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!!!!!
only $78500 more and then the dougdoug community will break the $500k mark
Monterey bay aquarium definitely loves doug for doing this
THE LONG AWAITED VIDEO OF LEGENDS!!!!!!
Ok but the mental image of someone emailing Cthulhu is the funniest part of this entire video
19:06 I LIVE IN NEW MEXICO DOUG :(
If Rosa ever has a Funeral Twitch chat will raise Millions. I swear it.
next year $500,000 just you wait doug.
WE DID IT EVERYONE,BAGABABOOSH
W Rosa she is a legend. Lets get to 1m next year!
How has she had like 3 birthdays before I get one
Can't believe I just barely missed it
can a man love a single otter too much?  the answer is no  Happy Birthday Rosa
Who knew Cthulu ( not to be confused with Cthulhu ) would be such a Rosa fan.
I CAN’T WAIT TILL NEXT YEAR
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!
A literal screaming child is exactly how i imagine Twitch Chat. Your videos are like watching an older brother play with his really weird younger brother.
Gotta love Rosa!
i had no idea rosa is older than me. she is my mom now. love rosa mom
Doug as a new Mexican I do not support the slanderrr, but regardless your doing great work and all hail queen Rosa
Man, I'm getting old. 3 years ago I thought "that's actually such a good joke".  Now I see the amount of good this shit does and a am actually teary eye. What a rollecoaster of emotions.  Thanks Doug and everyone who donated, you're doing some real difference in the world.
Next year you better actually swim with the otters live
ROSA🎉
I really enjoyed the live stream
Rosa puts all other otters to shame
The day Rosa moves on to bless those in the afterlife chat will probably by a plaque of solid fucking gold for her memory.
the french killing their own king is pretty historically accurate
Moral of the story: Google needs to step up their game
39:00 omg, omega strikers music!
35:12 viva la revolution or whatever
I think Doug is doing more for marine conservation as a steamer than he would have done if he had actually became a marine biologist.
OH heck yeah it’s Rosa day
how dare you cut the feeding session out of the video
I haven't watched it yet.did he really sell an organ to raise money? I need to know but don't have time to watch
LET'S REACH A MILLION NEXT YEAR!!!
its going to be funny as fuck when this otter dies
WOOOOOOOOO
FUCK YEAH ROSA   LETS GO FOR 30!!!!!!
Those MFs at Monterey Bay gotta give DougDoug something golden
Rossa
I caught the planet zoo bit and it was waaaaaay more intense then shown in the video. He was literally like 30seconds from winning.
we keep raising more and more each year LOL
if rosa saved she could retire
Doug has 2.3 million subscribers so if we somehow managed to get every single one to donate between 4-5$ we would not only beat Google but also the US-government.
pet rosa
Dougdoug rosa plush when?
Rosa and one of my classmates have the same birthday =] (happy birthday Rosa)
This is amazing  1. because me and rosa share the day of august 26 2. YOU RAISED 0.3 MILLION FOR AN OTTER
ROSAAAAA
parkzer is kinda funny
38:57 I hate to be one of those guys, but *I NEED THAT MUSIC*
1 mil next year
This could've been 3 hours and i still would've watched all of it
"this is astronomically worse than I thought it'd be" lmao
I've been waiting for this video since last birthday.
Correction: We did raise $300,000 for THE sea otter's birthday
Can someone please tell me how dougdoug first met rosa. I wanna start from the beginning and see this journey.
Watching Rosa birthdays restores my faith in humanity
55:35 Bungee Doug has the properties of both Rosa and Doug
It's wild to think a Sea Otter is as old as I am, had no idea they could live so long (tbf I'm surprised I made it this far too)
I love how all of this kinda of started as a meme, wherein the aquarium decided to humor some strange man who was adamant on finding out the birthday of an otter.
Greta to be there!!!
This is amazing! DougDoug has such a legendary community and I'm proud to be a part of it
Coffee was still copyrighted after the stream… immediately.
Now that you've defeated Google, you must defeat the final boss, the U.S. Government!
Who are we donating to after rosa dies?
35:00 the fact that the king was killed and replaced by a french flag is poetic
HYP
IT'S HEEE
I WAS HERE
so... over 10 million next?
We should turn Rosa's birthday into an international holiday.
im FURIOUS doug ended the video at the drop
"The hot tub does not have a heater."  One sentence horror stories.
ITS TF2’S BIRTHDAY TODAY TOO! Yayayayayayaayayay!!! 2 AMAZING BIRTHDAYS
51:30 no fat albert :(
Every time posts a strawpoll, he puts it like 5 times in chat. And every single time, everyone spams "BAN THE SPAMMER"
LETS GO!
Love all the pride flags on the stairs, Rosa Pride
I am glad to have been able to participate in this awesome historic event!
54:10 was he tearing up a little bit?    what the fuck was the next one?
ROSA YEAHHHH!!!!
Yes I am an American. Yes I live in New Mexico. Yes we exist.
Why am I crying
can't wait for the Doug visits Rosa video
YESSIRRRRRRR
Rosa is truly the greatest otter in the world!!
Parkzer is a menace
I like cookies
Genuinely I’m so glad DougDoug and community do stuff like this. I wish we had this for every popular streamer supporting various environmental agencies
Rosa is almost as old as my parents marriage
favorite dougdoug streams of mine
So glad to be here :)
Congrats to the DougDoug Community for their GIANT donation to Rosa's birthday celebration! I still remember the 1st year y'all did this!  Also I love that Supersister's Coffee was playing in the last minute. I thought for a minute that my Spotify was playing my playlist... But no it was a part of the video.
Parkzer has beeen through everything at this point
Happy birth day Rosa
This is the best thing
2:30 at least clean up the glitter if you're gonna litter!! 😡  (Sarcasm)
I remember suing Parkzer during this stream during the Peggle section.
This truly is a yeah science moment
I got my wifi back after a month and a half of not having internet just to watch this stream, and Doug did not disappoint.
300  2600  14100  100000  300000  600000
😮 please raise awareness for vaquitas theres only 10 left!! I think
24rd birthday lol
i love to eat otters
YAHOOOO
ok
Currently, only 3 lucky individuals have gotten to watch this video fully.
1 Mil next year!!!!
It's weird that I'm as old as an Otter
I intended to be there for the stream, but i missed it cus i ignored the reminder ;-; been waiting for this for so long. Love you Rosa! You better believe ill be there next year!
Such a French Move to take out their own king and plant a French flag afterwards.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROZA!!
This is such a wonderful thing, good money for a good cause.  Happy Birthday Rosa
I mean its amazing the money you earn for these giys but do you really know how sea otters behaviour is in the wild? Because its NSFW Or most places
sharing a birthday with rosa is truly my greatest honor
Been waiting for this vid for a minute now since the community post
How funny would it have been if directly after the parkzer game the aquarium commented and said that they can confirm it actually happened
As a dougdoug viewer who lived in New Mexico, I can confirm that the government sees us as a nuclear waste site.
This is so amazing! Well done everyone. You all deserve an applause.
Otters are my favorite animals, I love them, <3 to Rosa
I can only hope to witness Rosa's buoyancy with my own two eyes one day. Can't wait for next year's birthday!
NICE
I was planning to join the stream but I had to sleep😢 I was worried this was her last birthday stream
After this video, I'm honestly afraid of Parkzer, I don't want to see what he does at full power.
It's amazing how one YouTuber, with an awesome community, can donate more than a mega corporation.
First off: I WAS HERE FOR THE WHOLE THING!!! Second: I GOT TO VISIT ROSA TWO WEEKS AGO!!!
YEEEEAAAAHHH BABY LETS GOOOO WOOOOOOO
Accept the shrimp is a modern classic.
Wooooooooot
chat back at it again with Doug being the side character
This year's celebration was crazy! Glad I was able to be a part of it!
My favorite holiday of the year 🥰
rosa is the kanye of otters
37:35 Yugioh card
Every year the goal just becomes higher and higher, eventually we're going to reach a million.
ROSA :)
BEYOND GOOD AND EVIL OST ON THE BG LETS GOOOOOOOO
seems like whoever twitch chat is up against in the map wars they always seem to win.. SO NOW IT'S TWITCH CHAT VS OTHER TWITCH USERS CHAT TO SEE WHO IS THE BETTER CHAT STRATAGY
I live near the Monterey Bay Aquarium and haver been going since I was a kid, I always looked forward to seeing the Otters (particularly Rosa since that's the only one I knew the name of) and the Penguins, it's so wonderful to see this kind of support to a place that holds dear in my heart. Thank you DougDoug A.K.A my favorite streamer/Youtuber/Bell pepper/Honorary Otter ever!
rosas 6th birthday this year:
OVERGROWN WATER RAT
These two streams were incredibly fun, I’m glad I was able to be apart of them for Rosa! Seeing my art on stream was surreal too, even if it didn’t get featured I was so damn happy. Rosa deserves everything and more <3
Next year Doug's gonna raise at least One Dougmillion dollars for Rosa.
This is a certified yeah science moment
Im gonna say something unpopular with the chat. Doug messed up yhe interpretation of the Bishop move. Napoleon said his bishops move up and destroy the knight as well as summoning the kracon. There wasn't a need to clerify where exactly he moved the thing. It created an opportunity that shouldn't have happened.   Yes, it is funny. But still.
Napoleon killing his own king that sounds about right
Mello sent me
the otter is richer than my whole family line 💀
yo where can i find more art?
I was here for the entire stream and only missed 30 minutes
ROSAAAA🎉
It is *Insulting* that Doug doesn't have a Playlist to binge all the Roaa content. Shame on you Douglass 😕
Its like a soup of all things I like about doug doug... ROSA
Aaaah, it's my birthday too?
ROSA
Is freddy fish ever gonna be   youtube video
Happy birthday Rosa (I'm late lol)
I’ve waited so long for this video
had to pause the video at 42:00 for a bit because that comic made me cry good lord
0:36 You'd have been there all day. And night. And the next day.
Happy birthday Rosa. I wish I could’ve donated, but I’m happy to see our community donate more and more money every year. 500K next year!
Killing the king and putting up a French flag? Where have I seen that before
YES GET HYPE
L google
So sad I missed the stream, so glad that I could enjoy it on youtube, I hope you visit rosa again, Happy Birthday ROSA!
Mom wake up, Rosa Birthday Video!!!
Been waiting for this video for weeks
Parkzer has genius death plans and twitch chat tries to marry a compass the size of Australia
Rosa let's goooooio
WOOO BABY THATS WHAT WE'RE WAITING FOR THATS WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT WOOOOOO YEAHHHH!!!!!!
Happy birthday Rosa!! Long live the Otter Queen!
Getting me all emotional. This is just great ❤❤
The French killing their own king and planting a French flag in his corpse is the most historically accurate thing the AI has ever done.
I remember this
overgrown water rat 😂
Here before 1mill views
we fuckin destroyed google. Massive props to chat
Fun fact, sea otters will hold hand when they sleep so they don’t drift apart
he birthday was yesterday (its 00:13 3 hours after you posted)
i thought you forgot to upload this video to youtube
Who been waiting for thing for the past couple weeks?
I was in this stream!!!
ROSAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Is it just me or does Rosa kinda look like a bear in 42:17?
I remember watching a good bit of this stream, hit 100k so fast bro, great stream dougdoug!
Hey 🎉 GET 3min
The year is 2056...  Every year doug raises 5 trillion dollars for the Monterey Bay Aquarium, growing year by year.   Monterey Bay is now its own micro nation with 100% of it GDP coming from dougs yearly stream. Rosa is 70% machine now to perserve her life. If she dies so does the nation.  Rosaism is now the dominant religion of the west coast. Birth rates collapse as people would rather raise a otter pup than a baby. Otters now make up 80% of the biomass of earth.  Earth is renamed otter... everything is otter.
ROSA
The fact that we had the chance to name Twitch Chat’s Otter Army “The Otterman Empire” and missed it is and utter and complete shame😂
i adore the ''mmmmm!'' call back
Ai napoleon is the master of snatching defeat from the jaws of victory
I feel so very honored to be born right around the time Rosa joined the Monterey Bay Aquarium. She’s the big sister I never had
Happy birthday Rosa!!!! 🎉🎂
Wish i couldve been there live :(
Honestly, these are my favorite YouTube videos… Thank you, Rosa.
o7
Mermaid Napoleon killing his own king with his bishop, planting a French flag on its corpse, and immediately thereafter delivering one of the hardest fucking speeches I’ve ever heard is the content that I’m here for.
35:00 AI Cheating napoleon was winning and killed his own  king. Allowed Twitchchat to win AGAIN!! LMAO
this was uploaded on my birthday . hooray !
One year for her birthday, you need to go meet Rosa In real life
Can't wait until 2053 when Monterey Bay Aquarium is the richest organization on earth
It’s that time of the year boys
I love Rosa and am honored to share the same birthday as her❤
I was here when you were still Gloudas, and you have never stopped improving, while at the same time keeping with the spirit of what makes your content style truly your own. So proud of you and this community for banding together to make such big waves (heh) in the field of wildlife preservation (and Rosa)!
poor napoleon his generals failed him, and the american school system has failed us again
The money raised grows exponentially each year. It’s insane.
Let's go, happy birthday Rosa, 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
As someone who was watching this for the last 10 and a half hours of it, I completely forgot half of it
I’m surprised Doug didn’t use the thumbnail art from the art competition as the thumbnail for this video
Proud to have watched the whole like 11h of this and donated a tiny bit maybe with the twitch prime
I’m glad this is a reoccurring event.  Especially since my goal is to eventually make a career in environmental conservation so I’m glad a large content creator is doing their part to spread awareness and raise money for a worthy cause.    Here’s to another century of Rosa rule.
Rosa eat shrimp shrimp tasty shrimp good crab delicious crab amazing
I always miss Rosas birthday every year 😢 happy birthday Rosa
literally crying over an otter right now
This stream is where I found out that Doug uses guilty gear music, huh. Happy birthday Rosa!
This is the coolest annual event on YouTube, no contest. Mr Beast couldn't even hope to come close to the heart and soul on display here.
happy birthday Rosa🥳🥳🥳
Thank you dougdoug
GIVE ME A VIDEO WHERE DOUG VISITS THE OTTERS ON STREAM!!!!!!!!
rosa lets FUCKING GOOOO
This was otter insanity
Fun fact monterey bay aquarium was the only aquarium in the world that succsesfully kept white sharks
One of my favorite chat messages; "SURROGACY POG!"
Happy 24th birthday Rosa! May she live a long, shrimp filled life.
thats 200 thousand extra grand
the 67 people that disliked this must the humans that lost to the otter's
This amazes me how much money they raise
how much money do we need to be no 1 place in the aquarium donation ?
couldn't catch it live but the vods were a delight to watch
It’s wild to me that this Otter almost has the exact same birthday as me.
Watching this live is as insane as you think it is but this seriously made me take a break from watching streams
WE DID IT AGAIN :D
So much love for Rosa, the best otter mom in the world!
ROSAAAAA
Did anyone else think otters were the size of ferrets
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!! <3
24 is the best number!!!
Will you upload a freddie fish video on this channel too?
4rd?
Missed the stream but not the video! All hail Rosa
chat got lucky, they just had a french revolution again
I mean what is more French than killing your own king?
actually parkzer got the ARTIC not the ARTIC OCEAN
A frenchman killing his own king and planting a french flag on his corpse makes way too much sense
HAPPY B-DAY ROSA!!!!!
So glad I made the stream this year
Happy Birthday Rosa!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!!!!
ROSA
Rosa is my age and she already made more money than i'll ever make
WAIT I THOUGHT THIS WAS THE OLD VIDEO. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!!!! OMG
When u cant watch the vid instantly cuz u NEED sleep for the next day
Thanks for what you do DougDoug.
Douglas, from the bottom of my heart, I am sorry that I missed it.
You can't just kill me 25 seconds in or else I can't watch the video
the part in the livestream when parkzer set off the laundry alarm was hilarious, sad it didn't make it in this video (I haven't watched all of it yet but already past the part it would be I think) edit: finished the video, I was correct, didn't make it in
I love seeing the Rosa birthday videos, they catch me off guard every year, but I love to see how wholesome this community is when it wants to be  Thank you Doug for making this possible, and I can’t wait to see what we do next year
SHE’S BACK!!! ROSAAAAA!!!
when they were deciding the winner of the art contest, I glanced over and say that the chat was full of 'SPAMMER!" "BAN THE SPAMMER" and other stuff to that effect. and I got furious, wondering what kind of dillweed you have to be to hop onto a CHARITY livestream, and self promote or try to scam.   and then I scrolled up and realized they were reporting Doug putting the link in chat, and I had forgotten that I was looking at Doug's twitch chat
I hope monterey is buying the fanciest food with this 300k$ 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Just looked it up. Turns out Rosa does have her own Wikipedia page and deservedly so.
To be fair, Napoleon going haywire and murdering his own King while planting French flags is the most French thing he could've done
What happens when she dies
How do i find and listen to the crosa the otter" song ??? [[Filk of mary ellen carter by stan rogers]]
"Do you just want to sit here until Rosa stops being cute?"  And thus, an eternity of happiness was achieved
Rosa is so lovely, the best, so is this tradition
24rd...
Can we have a link to the art?
Missed the stream but glad to be here
Twitch Chat: *UTTER CHAOS AND MAYHEM* Also Twitch Chat: "Let's raise $300,000 to make a sea otter happy!" Truly, the duality of chat... Happy Birthday Rosa! 🎉🍝🎉🥳🥳
HOW DOES HE RAISE THIS MUCH?!
a full "Parkzer vs Twitch Chat AI Invasion" video would be amazing
Think I fell in love with the person who submitted that musical piece
I dont know what was more fitting, Parkzers first order of buisness being breaking the Geneva convention...or Cheating AI Napoleon killing his own king and planting a french flag on him XD
Well, Rosa deserves only a bestest, after all.
Crazy how much otters eat. Even splitting that, it'll be rough. 5 pounds of food is on the upper end of what a normal person eats in a whole day, which includes lower calory density foods like vegetables. 5 pounds of the carnivorous diet of fatty seafood otters are known for would be really difficult to match in a single sitting.
The French killing their king and planting a flag is all too typical of them
WE’RE MAKING IT OUT OF GOOGLE HQ WITH THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥🔥
19:06
bruh
During chess, a game based on war, the French instead of winning kill their own royalty and plant flags seems somehow fitting.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAA
I looooovveee ROASSSSSSAAAAAAAA
ROSA IMMORTAL
This stream was great!! Can't wait for next year!
DAMNIT I MISSED IT AGAIN
🎵Now the Sou-thern Ocean is a Lone-ly Place🎵  🎵The Nukes are Many and the Otters are Scarce🎵  🎵Down Upon the Sooooo-uthern Oce-an🎵  🎵Down Below Park-Zer🎵  (Doug Doug parody of Mollymauk by Kimber’s Men)
0:43 I was already laughing at the twenty ford birthday lmao, you really make me laugh dude, thank you!
thanks to you and Rosa, I told my Highschool teacher about the otter streams, and now we watch them every day. It has never been more calm in my class. Happy birthday Rosa 🎉🎉🎉
otterrrrrrrrr
Time for yearly otter watch
Yeah science moment!
He’s already an otter why does he have to put on the onsey 💀
I always look forward to Rosa's Birthday every year
Parkzer's James Bond-esque villain ark in the first challenge was one of the best parts of this video
I wanna like this video but can you stop promoting AI? Please do some research on it before you use it. It's INCREDIBLY HARMFUL TO THE OCEAN actually, you're just ruining her environment, not helping it. Every time Ai generates a prompt from you, it chugs GALLONS of water--including ocean water, to cool the computers it needs to run. It also steals from writers and artists alike. It's not fun and quirky, it's dangerous.
This was a great stream
napoleon is just roulx kaard but for dougdoug
POGGG :OOOO IM HYPE TO WATCH THIS!!! Im about to start watching :)
This is so cute, but the fact that an otter's net worth is much higher than mine sends me into a spiral...
I was there
ROSA IMMORTAL
I MISSED IT AGAIN? I hate myself
When you do the hot tube stream, don't forget rosa eats the shrimps "shells" too.
Fuck yeah
Sitters for ever
i was thare
Rosa is amazing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
100 TRILLION NEXT YEAR BOYS. LETS MAKE IT HAPPEN
I mean now we gotta go for number one right?
We now have official DougDoug blacksmiths.
Next year it’s gonna be 1,000,000
Was there an update/reason dougdoug didn't get the Rosa tattoo from last year ?
rosa is love  rosa is life  rosa took my wife
Napoleon did exactly what Napoleon is supposed to do. Kill its own king.
otter
The Rosa streams are my favorite streams
I like to confirm there is indeed a Wikipedia page for Rosa
Parkzer is secretely more insane than both Doug Doug and twitch chat
26:26, when the Celeste ost kicks in
As a google employee, the office is in shambles rn
She deserves more money
YOOOOO ROSA!!!!!!!
Mr. Beast could never
In 2030, dougdoug will make history by raising 1 billion dollars for Rosa over a month long stream, allowing her to get her own aquarium to swim around in
Im genuinely impressed by the editing of this video. not because of funny jumpcuts or edits or anything, but the way the video is structured with the high energy challenges broken up by the art contest. this is like film level of directing and i just wanted to comment to appreciate it.
happy birthday Rosa  :)
Honestly I think in a few years Doug could pool enough money and supporters to get Rosa a spot on the presidential ballot if he really tried. 5 Years, get our girl in the Oval Office Doug!!!!
i legit cant help but smile when i see these videos, its so wholesome seeing a bunch of people gather together for one sea otter
little do we know dougdoug uses the power of twitch chat, parkzer, and himself to make rosa immortal with 300k+ money as a conduit while google cries in a corner.
This stream was so fun to be apart of. I wish Rosa a very long life filled with dougs spoils
What
VIVA LA MERMAID FUCKING FRANCE 🫡
It was so incredible to be a part of almost every minute of this! Doug you are my favorite content creator.
This is why I love Doug Doug. His community is full of shitposters but at the end of the day they’re wholesome af
rosa is the bestest sea otter ever
Comment for engagement and to spread the word of Rosa and her family!
RRRRROSSA, happy birthday
Rosa was there when the towers fell and my GF wasnt..
If u add the last years isn’t it almost 500k
It's going to be hilarious give or take 10 years when Doug Doug passes the 10 million mark and is officially more influential than the US Government.
Hero of the otters!
I love that with the sea invasion, Parkzer just decided to start doing some RDA level shit immediately
And we don’t get to hear the amazing story of Doug’s dim sum???
this... makes me happy 🙂
The art is all SO GOOD!!
It should have been more 😢
ITS COFFEEEEEE AT THE END
With google down our mission is clear. Get to the top of the plaque!
ROSA POG
rosa w
For how much I love Rosa anniversary's videos, it remind me of how fast time pass...
Rosa and the Sea Otters would be a great name for a band
literally just got told I have covid and this came out, thank you dougdoug
I was hoping to see this as a video, the live stream was so fun! I love Rosa so much!
I MISSED IT AGAIN 🦦
Always ally with the polar bears. They are like super soilders.
god dammit i missed the stream
My birthday is near Rosa's!!!!
I love rosa
somebody PLEASE tell me what tool he used at 29:05
happy birthday Rosa you are the best otter to ever live
I bet the aquarium people never expected this to blow up at all😂 now they get hella funding from otter lovers
Rosa is being introduced to my Oceanography students for National Otter Day next year. Such a wonderful Otter momma.
i've never been prouder to share a birthday with a sea otter
Bro fr thinks hes an otter
5?
Collect 24 hour tickets here👇
I swear napoleon needs to win
HAPPY BIRTHDAY QUEEN ROSA :D
Happy birthday Rosa
The day Rosa is no longer on this plane of existence, the DougDoug community will be in shambles
Anyone able to track down the Onesie that Doug is wearing? I have a mighty desire.
Doug is the official spokesman of otters
You may think Napoleon lost but he just killed the only man standing between him and the position of Emperor!
love those kinds of videos. Love your channel man keep up with good work ❤
Let’s go happy birthday Rosa and someone should make that lantern
Next up: We raise 1 million dollars for rosa’s birthday 🎉!!
YAY ROSA
woah, rosa is almost my age. i just turned 26 on sat.
So much money for the most awesome otter!
Dougdoug casually making 1/3 million for a sea otter is insane
HAPPER BIRTH DAY  ROSA!
500k next year
Yooo
I keep missing charity livestream for my wife.  Sorry Doug Doug I want to help too.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
This was an incredible highlights video about Rosa's 24th birthday stream, it was absolutely pawsome to see this on YouTube! (Happy late birthday Rosa and Parkzer sorry you had to go in the COLDEST bathtub and eat all that HORRIBLE seafood that Doug gave you!)
Was wondering when this would come out, happy late birthday Rosa!
I missed the origin of Gun wizard Parkzer. What is that from?
I want to know what happens when Rosa dies.  Like, its gonna happen unfortunately, and she wont have any more birth days.
34:55 the most French thing he could've possibly done
Poland took over slovakia in the ocean invading section, best day of my life
happy birthday rosa, and congrats doug for raising 300k
I’ve been waiting for this video
I went to Monetrey Bay a few months ago and saw Rosa in person. Glad to have made my pilgrimage to DougDoug Mecca
I was so sad I missed the stream since I didnt have a stable connection where I was staying at the time. So elated ( big word = big happy ) that you put in the time to edit such a long video, love the streams doug. And Rosa, my love for you, is immesurable. Sleep well, my queen.
WOOOOO ROSA!!! YYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY💜💜💜
Damn Doug sure does understand attention span. Splitting up the art is a great idea, you can actually appreciate it all instead of it all running together!
im not lying when i say iv waited ever day for 5 months cause i have no clue when you upload these and here it is
You made me want a dougdoug movie that is full of comedy but also tries to take itself seriously despite all the dumb stuff it is doing. Eith Doug, Parkzer, Rosa, and many other characters who appear in your channel. One of the characters (Twitch Chat) is like Granite from Steven Universe where there are two people making one. A Crew and Z Crew who are both childreb combine together to make the extremely buff Twitch Chat. Chat GPT also joins as a fairy guiding their adventure. Chat GOT gets to make parts of the script and gets to make its own voicelines. So does Napoleon who appears in a chess battle. But the difference is Napoleon gets to make the whole fight himself for the movie aslong as he has you prevail in the end. The final enemy? The Legosaurus. (It would play like d&d with Doug as a fighter, Rosa as a paladin, Twitch Chat as a barbarian, and Parkzer as a wizard) Edit: I forgot to say this. Parkzer has a gun for when he is out of mana but uses the gun nore than he does spells. The gun is also magic. Edit 2: Just got an idea. The true. TRUE final boss is the Google CEO who is mad that Doug keeps beating his donations. Using the people you collected along the way (yeah you build a team along the way. It includes Napoleon, and the legosaurus at the very least) you best the google ceo. And as you all conplete your journey it shows where everyone went and what they did after the movie and teases a sequel.
Lets go for 500k next year! Hail ROSA!
Roooooosaaaaaaaa
Decided to watch this full video instad of studying for a very important exam. Worth it.
She’s so old and cute and… old. Rosa is our goddess.   Live, laugh, Rosa.
FUCK YEAAAAAAAH, LETS FUCKING GO ROSA!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
That chess match was the greatest thing I've seen all year
I love this. Nothing more to say. The fact we all can do this is amazing. I hope that someday we will get to 500k
9:21 Twitch chat shoutout by the aquarium themselves  This annual tradition is so wholesome.
we're raising 1 rosillion dollars next year boys!!!!!
okay so who are we sacrificing to extend rosa’s life beyond mortal constraints
Watching Doug's streams is like playing an rpg
WRONG. The humans could still win the war as they can settle on land and dump more chemicals to destroy the seas which would force the otters to evacuate onto land. Therefor the otters would have no sea for thousand of thousands of years. This could completely crush their morale. Then if morale is low, there are traitors and people start leaving. There then could be a civil war leading to complete anarchy between the otters and the twitch chat. While this is all going on, the humans can invade the otter territory, many surrender and rosa is assasinated. Eventually the otters surrender and the humans WIN!
You should ask montonery bay aquarium to hang one of the art submissions in the sea otter exhibit
One of the best dougdoug videos, combines all the community's favorite videos, and all the support the community has given, for rosa the sea otter. Happy birthday.
Was not able to attend this year. But always good to see a rosa birthday video
i swear i thought doug was in front of a green screen until he swam into the ocean.
ROSA
ROSA<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<3333
It’s so funny to me that 4 years ago this was done just to be funny and do a good thing for a sweet livestream Doug watches. Now it’s a yearly tradition and we love it
Hi
I missed this. I saw last years a few days ago though and was like "Oh my god, I should tune in!" and then realised it was obviously like a month ago and this is just a montage :( HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!
WE'RE COMING FOR YOU US SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
500,000 next year?
My favorite part of this channel is chat managing to beat AI Napoleon in chess every time they play him. It was also the part of this video I laughed the most at.  With this win Twitch Chat is now 4-0 against Napoleon.
I’ve been wondering when this years Rosa stream was gonna or even if it was gonna be put into a YouTube video
Congratulations! Doug I know you are kinda hard on yourself sometimes about why you have an audience, but this right here is why. Raising over a quarter of a million dollars for MBA is a massive W, and you did it all while keeping it super entertaining. Thanks for doing this every year.
at this rate you'll do like another 500k next year and 850 the year after
These yearly streams/videos never fail to bring a tear to my eye. Seeing the entire DougDoug community, normally so chaotic and rambunctious, come together to do something so wholesome is just.... it's just heart-warming. To Doug, Monterey Bay Aquarium, to the entire DougDoug community and of course to Queen Rosa herself... thank you!
I still think it's insane that something that started out as a silly wholesome birthday party for an otter has received so much love and support over the year, to the point that I'd bet thousands of people has Rosa's birthday on their calendar(I'm one of them)
I’m so happy that I suggest the hot tub stream happy birthday Rosa
Once again we gather to celebrate Rosa's birthday, praise ROSSA
10lb of shrimp put me in
now multiply it by seven again
Can we just appreciate        Rosa
i love how this started as a random thing and became a tradition that helps a very cool group of people do what they do. The Monterey Bay Aquarium and Rosa deserve every dollar they can get <3
I remember it was 3 am for me when it hit 300k but it was worth every braincell lost. FOR QUEEN ROSA!!!!🎉🎉🎉
a french flag killing their king is so perfect
So I know it doesn't come up in this video, but what song does Doug use for his "retirement song"?
IM HERE FOR ROSA
Thank you Rosa, keep being great at being stationary!
I love how this all started with “oh when is her birthday? We don’t actually know” to it becoming an actual event they celebrate
Rosa
I am so proud to be in this community and this stream
Shame the appendix donation didn't happen. Would have been the first step to make Doug 2
One thing I love is how Parkzer has seemingly gone through the 5 stages of grief with DougDoug and his shenanigans, and now it feels like he's finally arrived at acceptance, and is just welcoming the chaos with open arms.
4:54 MY DOOM ROSA ART GOT ZOOMED
Happy birthday Rosa
Dugs twitch chat is the best analogy for the internet as a whole a chaotic mess most the time but serious and kind when a issue or event like rosas birthday happens 😂
This made my evening just a bit better Happy birthday Rosa
I JUST WATCHED THE OTHER ONE LAST WEEK  AAAAHHHHHH YAAAAAAAA
Tbh us french we have some experience in killing our king ourselves
ig twitch chats divorce settlements payed out mfers have a collective 300k for rosa lmfao
yuppy
I love how DougDoug is in the official wikipedia page of rosa the sea otter.
GGs(google) google at least you did something unlike the other companies....but... HAHAHA YEAH TREMBLE IN YOUR OFFICE SLIDES WE WON WE DID IT YOURE ABSOLUTELY DESTROYED WOOOOOOO    but dont worry we would  be VERY happy if you competed i mean i uh i mean we mean we uhhh--
I was only able to make it to Thursday so it's great to sea everything I missed.  Looking forward to next year!!!
If this keeps up Rosa might just get a small load of a million dollars  every year.
Bababnas
Oh my god I listened to 45 minutes of prep for this livestream in the only VOD I ever watched. "Rosas birthday". I did NOT know Rosa was a cute otter, I thought she was just a friend 😂😂
I've seen so much mention of Rosa on this channel but I didn't know she is an actual otter! I thought maybe Doug just always named otters in games Rosa and it became a meme in chat. This video is so wholesome and it's awesome the DougDoug community was to raise so much money, sea conservation is so important! I hope to be in stream for Rosa's next birthday :)
LETS GOOOOOO I WAS WAITING FOR THIS VIDEO MAN
Fuck yeah, otter day
Oh my have I been subbed for more then a year already
God I'm so sad I missed this years stream but it's so enjoyable to watch the video that gets made after.
Doug didn't know that sharks don't have bones? I thought that was basic marine trivia, on the same level as how killer whales aren't whales.
Just so everyone knows, I’m an otter as well
YYYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHH!!!!  🌹 ROSA 🌹 LETS GOOO!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!! (she totally deserves the money)
This was a wonderfull watch instead of math class
2:48 the dumpster sfx!
💜
yippee
🦦
I swear Rosa is gonna outlive 90%of humans
I find it hilarious that the humans managed to make every place they occupied uninhabitable
Napoleon lost because doug didn't tell him where his pieces were when he moved them all 2 spaces forward. So he thought his bishop was still on c1
Anyone else been waiting for this video?? Been super hype for this lmao
in 2026 rosa gonna be a million air
ROSA WE LOVE YOU IN ROSA WE BELIVE IN ROSE WE TRUST ROSA IS A CHOICE AND WE CHOSE HER
Otter👍
*OVERGROWN WATER RAT!*  How dare you Napolean?!
did you know if a male see otter doesn't find a mate it will release its frustration by killing and raping a baby seal
Istg i will kot cey over fanart of an otter
DOUG I CAN’T WAIT AN ENTIRE YEAR FOR MORE ROSA CONTENT I NEED IT NOW
Donathon next year?? Would be make the insentive to donate larger imagine 10 000$ = 1hour or with a twist like pointcrow's subathon. Rosa would not need to work for another day in her life:)
Watching this was truly heartwarming. It's amazing how much a community can come together and support Rosa and her journey!     600k next year? :O
Rosa best otter
loved being there live!
Best video ever
$300,000 is actually like insane
best cult ever
Gotta love a streamer promoting conservation. Fuck google too🔥
It's finaly here lol took a while
Happy birthday rosa
i was there and it was awesome thank you doug
Hippy bartday rossa
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!
We need the freddi fish one on DougDoug too!
26:41 Why is he holding a Luxray?
ROSA!!!! :DDD
This was the first of the Rosa streams I watched live. It was amazing.
I LIKE MY MANNNNNN LIKE I LIKE MY COFFEE
Next year go for 1 million
Can you raise $300,000 for my birthday? Lol happy birthday Rosa.
Ok Doug, next year, half a million to 1 million dollars.
Damn, I missed it!
Can’t believe I fucking missed it this year cause I was sick as hell
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA  ROSA ROSA ROSA! 🎉
glad to be there during the stream. chat rules. google stinks. and rosa is our queen.
nect year its just going to be „TODAY WE RAISED 5 GAZILION DOLLARS FOR ROSA”
1,101st comment and in the 1st hour
I was here for the first rosa birthday party and I will be here until she becomes the god emperes of the universe and beond. May her name be known to all. Rosa bless you all.
May Rosa have a long life, the best sea otter to ever exist.
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ROSA THE ADORABLE OTTER
37:10  Rosa found aisle 13.
The only reason parkzer lost was because the ai fumbled his words
If you ever feel happy just remember people love an internet sea otter more than you.
Selka is a bad bitch and Rosa is queen.
Yooo NGL I need that Selka Otter love she be fighting sharks And clearly winning cuz they jailed her up(Took that shark out)
ALL HAIL ROSA!!!
HAPPY BDAY ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU FOOR THE MUSIC LIST
Finally! Been waiting for the edited vod
May the universe let Rosa live many more years
we stan our flower queen! 🦦❤
LETS GO ROSA IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hope Rosa knows how important she is
Best otter ever
Monterey Bay Local here... Love your content! Love The DougDoug Community and the donations for Monterey Bay Aquarium! Long Live Rosa!
LETS GO ROSA! I WATCHED TOUR BIRTHDAY!
Cute🥹
It's insane how Napoleon, despite being up 100 points of material in chess, always loses through self-sabatoge.
how tf has it already been a year i still watch the last vid
26:31 HEHEHE that’s mine!!!! love u rosa <3
I did art piece number 92!!!
ITS THAT TIME OF THE YEAR AGAIN LETS GO ROSAAA
I had the honor of being blessed by Rosa’s presence this summer  She truly is a 1000/100 level otter
Got to see Rosa (and Selka, idk where Ruby and Kit were) last week when I visited the aquarium. She was looking as cute as ever and loved chilling by that window with all her admirers. If you ever get the chance, I highly recommend visiting the aquarium. In addition to all the cool exhibits, they have a back balcony that borders the ocean. Just from there I saw half a dozen wild otters, 3 sea lions, and a pod of orcas in the bay.
Anonymous thank you for the $1000! Anyways
YAY!
I got a stuffed otter keychain from there and named it olive oil :3
By all means due to the power of twitch chat They we’re able to make raising a whole ton of money for a sea otter a normal thing (yearly)
Rosa D. Sea otter
1999 and she is 24 years old? Nah man, run the calculations, that shit was like 4 ago or so
The fact that the Monterey Bay Aquarium is giving you shout outs is just so wholesome. I would also love see their accountants face every year having this relatively random non entity dropping thousands of dollars the same day every year.
ROSA!!!! WOOOOOOO!!!!!
DougDoug is my favourite female variety streamer with a beard
Don't like how you cut out most of the games, its my favorite part of every rosa b-day
Is this technically a massive tax write off because it all goes through Doug’s twitch?
roooaozoaaooaoaoaooaroaoozaorooooosa
ROSAAAAA
2:20 aw they got her an exotic engram for her birthday
This is the best tradition ever
Why can't more online content be like this? It's an incredibly wholesome event and the donated money goes to a great cause. Also it's incredibly fun to watch
I WAS WAITING LETSOGOOOOOOGOGOOOG
The 25rd birthday party has got to be the Rosathon where Doug actually meets Rosa on stream
PEAK
2:21 no Rosa don’t get locked into a quest as a new hand touches the beacon
🦦
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAA!!!!!!!!! your the oldest seaotter and the best! i wish you many more happy birthdays!!!❤❤❤
"owo" dougdoug 2023. 41:32
ROSA ROSA ROSDSA OASUIASODASAROSAAAA
this was amazing
Rosa looks good for her age and I hope she lives many more years also Parkzer brought nuclear warfare to a Cthulhu fight smh🤣
Fun fact rosa is SO FUCKING CUTE
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is a wonderful birthday gift
mines there at 4:53 i loves watching this on stream and on video
she lived to see another year!
Happy birthday Rosa!
I i’ve just been informed that the place I’ve lived at since 2005 is uninhabitable
I got to see the otters in person this summer. Totally worth the trip.
OH MY GOSH ITS HAPPENING AGAIN
51:53 AN ARK DOSSIER FOR ROSA!!!!
Yes sea otters
Next year, raise 600000$ ;)
Best stream ever
HOLY FUCK THE STAN ROGERS COVER LET'S GOOOOOOOO
i live across the country (near the national aquarium in baltimore maryland!) and i desperately need to go to california to see rosa in person ty dougdoug and the community for introducing me to this amazing sea otter
This is a certified yeah science stream
Napoleon declared French Revolution 4
next year 3 mil
So glad that the main character Twitch chat finally defeated their archnemesis Google.  Truly one of the moments of all time.
I never knew how much i love sea otters. Rosa is the best
14:09
Doug, we will not let you forget. You still owe us an ice cream party!
4:23 Happy 24rd birthday Rosa!
2:47 is the dumpster i think
ROSA IS HERE, AND SHE IS 1 YEAR OLDER
Jesus parksor coming in hot with the war crimes
LETS GO!! ROSA ROSA ROSA ROSA
Its crazy how theyve almost raised 500,000$ total
THIS OTTER IS RICHER THEN ME!!!! I WANT HER RICHER!!!!!!!!!!!! ROOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAA THE WAAAAAAARIOOOOOOOR!!!!!!!!📡☢️💨🔥💥💥💥💸💸💸
I'm so glad to be a part of history.
Love you Rosa❤❤❤❤
I love how Parkzer fully embraced the role of being this Captain Planet style villain that just hates the ocean.
Is that omega strikers music at 38:40 ?
Next year Doug is just gonna buy a country for Rosa
35:03 that was the most French move possible
I WAS THERE!!!!!
So, just going by how much money they made by the previous year (ex: by dividing the money made in his 2nd  Rosa stream by his 1st one) , and by averaging them all out, the money made each year goes up by around x6. You can use this to predict how much money we can make for Rosa's 25th birthday, the 26th, etc. This also means that you can also predict when you make a certain amount of money.   Basically, I'm pretty sure that if we keep going at this rate, we can reach 2.3 billion for Rosa's 29th Birthday Party (Unless my math is incorrect, which probably is lmao)
Happy belated Birthday my lady. I wish I was here.
51:57 This has to be a dnd race as fast as possible
yay! well done! :D
"Let's raise some money for otters, they're cute!" 12mins later: "So anyways, Rosa kicks open the door to Santa's office, and just starts SHOOTING." I love animals.
YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS Rosa birthday vid 3:03 flamBUOYANT
I love how much Parkzer took it real
Doom Rosa goes hard as fuck
I couldnt catch stream Ive been waiting for this video 🥰🥰🥰🥰
here before 2 hours yay 🎉 (I dont have twitch because i have very strict parents even though im 14)
I gotta admit, "As feeble as a sea cucumber and twice as predictable" was kind of a baller insult
Napoleon really the type of chess engine to take almost all of Rosa's pieces and pawns by move 10, and then take his own king only a few moves later
Rosa needs her own discord and subreddit hell why stop there ima develop an app for rosa
I remember when Parkzer ran people over with his gun
ROSA! ROSA!! ROSA!!! ROSA!!!!!
so next year a small half mil?
I hope Monterey Bay Aquarium will one day have a statue of Rosa, maybe with a plaque mentioning Doug
This got me tearing up fr, keep this up Dough! 🥲❤️
32:04. Lol why was the sea emperor the "monstrous sea beast" and not the sea dragon
We meed a donation war with Google
This is your best series of videos 👍
19:01 As a native new mexican I can confirm that no one's allowed to live here. We've been Oppenheimer'd and broke bad too many times for anything to save us. At least we can always call Saul 😔
And here I was, thinking Doug wouldn't upload the greatest Rosa's birthday celebration yet
If i ever go to california i wil make sure i visit Rosa
ROSA
This is genuinely the coolest trend I've seen a Youtuber do. Been a fan for years DougDoug and I hope this continues for many more years!
Next year is going to be half a million for sure
Peggle is so cool, wish pegging was real.
I was wondering when this would come to YouTube.
Let’s gooooooooo
Next year we can beat the Walton family
İM SO SAD İ CDNT BE A PART OF THİS YEARS ANNUAL ROSA BİRTHDAY RİTUAL
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA! WE LOVE ROSA WOOO!!!! WOOO!!!! WOOO!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
46:29 Monterey Bay's Emily asking her university to not take away her degree over a topic she quite possibly never studied is peak humor
AGAIN? Nice Last time was around 300k too
SELKA BEAT THE ABSOLUTE LIVING SHIT OUT OF THAT SHARK
Rosa is the reason i use the otters in party animals
I’m going to the Monterey bay aquarium in 4 days if I can put a photo here of the donation wall with Doug on it I will
I love how the PowerPoint said "24rd birthday" and no one questioned it.
go strike from omega strikers is such a good song i hear another os theme  HAPOPY BIRTTHDAY RAOS
Doug Doug and twitch chat should get their own wing in the aquarium, they're like one of the aquariums biggest donor. At least a plaque near the otter exhibit
Why is Napoleon ghetto tho??
🎉🎉 happy birthday How much have they raised over the years maybe 400k idk
YES!!! LETS FUCKING GO!!!!
Rosa and my birthday, what could be better?
My guy is taunting YouTube on their platform
Yay Doug’s tax write offs are gonna be enough to fund the entire donation pool next year!
Good for the otter if he ever gets that money, but honestly imagine what this kind of money could so for so many people..
Doug should put all of the Rosa birthday videos in a playlist
Can't wait until next year.
I just finished watching her 23rd birthday!
why parkzer delivering villain monologues for every turn in ai invasion
I am sorry Doug, but do I see UNITY in your Windows toolbar? 19:55
How sweet
I see you found omega striker music
can't wait for 3 years down the road when doug tops the 10 million+ donated
Napoleon did what french is famous for and ended his own king lol
next year, LET'S GET TO 500K!!!! THEN 1B!
Parkzer is comically evil
ayo maxsackback what you saying at 21:30????
"Shes does such a good job at buoyant"-DougDoug the inspiration $300k raising Twich streamer
if this keeps going the montery bay aquarium is just gonna buy the ocean
Waiting for one mil
I didn’t get to see the stream I was in school 😢
Instead of a goblin shark he shows a goblin   Shark
Hey how do you get to the community mc server? What's the thing you need to type in to get to it? The ip?
Parkzer uses his law knowledge not to be a lawyer, but to commit war crimes.
The editing in this was great, i love how the art was sprinkled inbetween the clips! Very clever idea!!
There is no way Google could possibly come back from this absolute decimation
Napoleon killing his own king is very in character
HELL YEA ROSA!
41:40 LOOK MA! IT'S MY ART! :D
The French killed their own king and planted a French flag to make it look more tasteful... like this is historically accurate
It’s like a national holdiday at this point for the douglets to gather together and celebrate
A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BE.........is that a fuckin otter 2:20
Happy birthday, lil silly!
Nahhh the chess game was bs. He very clearly said he killed the knight a couple of times. Also if you ask him for the specific tiles he wants to move you shouldve also asked him what the moves is his summoned creatures can do (or just clarify for him where the remaining pieces are, he very clearly is not capable of keeping track of that himself lol). He probably wouldve won in the first round. That was a loss for chat.
Been waiting for this
FINALLY doug thank you!
Hello im rosa very cool i like expensive shrimp thx for money
Next time you have to  accept fan mail and auction it off to triple the donations made.
I LOVE ROSA
I WAS THERE!! I WAS WATCHING IT LIVE!!! :O                    Also I was in Doug’s Basement. I saw stuff that I cannot unsee.  Don’t ask questions.
Guess who’s back, back again These are always so wholesome!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
My sophomore biology teacher worked at Monterey bay aquarium with rosa
Hopefully... next year google will try to put up a challenge, Doug, Twitch chat and more are too intimiding (my favourite part is Twitch Chat vs Parkzer, they need a rematch! Give Parkzer a gun and Twitch Chat Doug, maybe a fight for Doug.)
Rosa ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
MONEY FOR THE OTTER QUEEN MONEY FOR THE OTTER QUEEN
i watched most of the stream but watching this anyway, this was fucking awesome
40:26 i WANT this as a sea of thieves cosmetic!
R O S A
NEXT YEAR $1,000,000
VIVA LA MERMAID FRANCE
otters are so cute but often so mean
Rosa is literally one month older than me.
Lets goooo
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
IF IT TRIPLES EVERY YEAR 23rd birthday: $100,000 24rd birthday: $300,000 25rd birthday: $900,000 26rd birthday: $2,700,000 27rd birthday: $8,100,000 28rd birthday: $24,300,000 29rd birthday: $72,900,000 30rd BIRTHDAY!!: $218,700,000 SHE’S DOING SUCH A GOOD JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
napoleon is the best character
Shit I forgot Rosa's birthday!!! I missed the stream 😢
My favorite event of the year
Can't wait to donate $10 trillion next year
ROSA PLUSHIEEEE
I'm just commenting to raise the algorithm. Rosa ain't getting enough shrimp
I’m actually going to the aquarium next week can’t wait to meet her
ROSA ROSA
Rosa
Rosa
ROSA!!!! :POGGIES:
Rosa
How is this otter still alive, and how does the donation number keep rising
Rosa
Parkzer created plans specifically to stop Sea Otters, but he did not account for the fact that the Sea Otters were controlled by Doug’s Twitch Chat and also has support from the US Navy.
I love this shit.
lets get near 1M next year!
Rosa
If you guys are gonna raise 300k for an otter can you also raise money for people in need? This otters rich and i cant even afford to eat
Neat
From this day forth, twitch chat shall forever be depicted as a screaming child with ADHD.
Such a dub everytime
Rosa: her job is beach
WE SHOOT FOR 1 MILLION NEXT YEAR
2021: 300 2022: 105k 2023: 302k So an easy 1k multiplier compared to 2 years before. So looking at the trend, every 2 years a 1000 times multiplier, so next year we will collect over 100 million dollars for Rosa no problem.
Rosa is great I'm younger than her We would give anything For this cute sea otter
I was there great stream
Banana
Next year we have to beat the U.S Small Business Administration. Also Happy birthday to Rosa.
Only 1 hour
ROSA!!!!!!!!!
napoleon killing his own king was the craziest plot twist ever
Glad I could contribute 25 dollars to this amazing otter
you used the wrong thumbnail
So sea otters can't launch nukes but they can summon Cthulhu???
Absolutely insane to know that this is what happens when a bunch of maniacs united by a shared love of peggle, AI, and a chair (the main character) come together and put their minds to one cause. Thank you doug and I can't wait for next year ❤
"MMmmm" "NO"
2:20 A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
I managed to catch the whole Livestream I don't think my sleep schedule has recovered since but so worth.
Happy birthday Rosa
GOOGLE THATS NOTHING THE REAL ENEMY  IS THE AQUARIUM ITSELF
I'll be refering to Doug as coffee pisser now
Who else have been in every Rosa stream
Napoleon after challenge 2: “There’s nothing we can do😔”
Yeeeeesssss so happy it’s hear
TWITCH CHAT CHESS CHAMP🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷
34:55 The french do have a tendanct to do that 😂
Absolutely awesome stream! Let's go for half a million next year.
Love IT, have been waiting for this Video since the Birthday 🎉❤
20:50 guys hes becoming incoherent, we need a parkzer 2
SHE’S DOING SUCH A GOOD JOB !!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Lol what you want to bet Rosa died 2 years ago and they took another otter and replaced her so DougDoug keeps doing these streams.
And it was uploaded on my birthday! Thank you for this gift of watching another birthday on my birthday! Best gift yet!
WE LOVE ROSA ❤❤❤❤
3/7 of the seas are now uninhabitable thanks to Parkzer
ROSA IS LOVE ROSA IS LIFE
im so sad i missed the stream, glad i can make it up though!
Yooooooooooooo
35:09 how very French of Napoleon
hippy bartday rosa!
ROSAAAA!!!
Noooo I missed it
Killing the king and planting a french flag is a very French thing to do
This is my favorite doug doig event
one of my favorite streams ive ever attended! worth the whole 12 hour stay :) convinving chat to kidnap santa will forever be one of my greatest accomplishments even though it was rigged and unsuccessful
Parkzer needs to chill put with the invasion 😂 It's like fighting a toddler and he's going all out!
DougDoug Community being put next to Google feels like a glitch
What's more French than killing your own king?
Year 1: Hey, we raised $320.19 for Monterey Bay Aquarium  Year 5: One of the biggest charity drives for animals in the United States this year
WE LOVE ROSA
I'm 14 and will be 15 on the 16th october, Rosa is older than me therefore more important Rosa is 10 years older so Rosa deserves 10 billion  dollars more than me
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
can't wait for the 1,000,000 dollars next year!
Napoleons speech was actually nutty though
It's funny how people made videos 16 years ago and you get more views in 10 minutes than they ever will XD
Rosa is the only thing keeping the dougdoug community from removing doug and replacing him with Rosa
God bless Rosa, The greatest being in existance.
Great video, Aardvark!
Parkzer literally BECOMING A FUCKING SUPERVILLAIN is genuinely one of the funniest parts of any stream
Why tf is this otter 3 years older than me?
What kinda yu gi oh bs was that chess move he killed himself
You cannot have possibly seen the full video by the time im making this comment but i fan tel This is a amazing video i will watch forever
The Monterey Bay Aquarium must absolutely love Doug haha
Thats one rich sea otter
If Doug waited until Rosa stopped being cute to start the stream, the stream would have never started
so glad i share an age with this fantastic creecher
i can't process the fact that Rosa was born before me, but hey, happy birthday Rosa!
I MISSED IT AGAIN GODDAMMIT
Let’s go been waiting for this all year. 😊
POG
That time of the year again, FUCK YEAH ROSA LIVE A LONG AND HEALTHY LIFE
Well done, Doug'ers. Beautiful philanthropy Happy birthday, old girl Rosa
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAA
35:02 irl France be like
People WE DID IT
holy crap was this a shock when it appeared on my phone, I popped the hell off.
Can we get a video of Doug doug petting rosa.
it just hit me, rosa is like 8 years older than me
I watched last years Rosa stream yesterday. Sad to know I missed this
I wonder how much it’ll double next year. 400k? 500k? 1.4 trillion?
NO WAY
*Rosa exists* Doug:WOOOOOOOOOOOO LET’S GO THAT’S MY ROSA WOOOOOOOO
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
there's nothing we can do
As someone who went to the monteray bay aquarium several times as a teenager, seeing Doug Doug do this is alway warms my heart
This is some of the BEST yearly reoccurring content on this platform. I really really love this videos. They are just pure joy to watch. Thank you for letting us be part of this journey.
Napoleon killing his own team's king and planting a French flag on its corpse is probably the most historically accurate thing this napoleon ever did
LETS GO!! Happy Birthday Rosa, thanks to Doug and the community!
E
34:51 "there is nothing we can do "
37:30 we need this fr
im sad that i missed this stream
fkn love this community
Was here for the entire stream and loved every second of it!
Glad to share a birthday month with such a precious otter ❤
best yearly tradition.. ROSA 🔛🔝
751st!
I was here on stream, best day of my life.
hot take: rosa is getting too much money and i feel that half of it should get donated to teamseas or smth like that
Are we sure that diet is for just 1 otter in 1 day? Are you sure it's not what they prepare for the entire exhibit in 1 day, or the weekly diet of 1 otter? Because that seems really off.
How tf did a twitch streamer raise 300,000 for the queen of California?
Aight, this is now the greatest video ever
YES LETS GO ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IVE BEEN ON ALL THE STEAMS SINCE 3 YEARS AGO FOR ROSA
12
2:54 dont tell me thats an actual crab
Rosa has gotta be the most famous sea otter at this point. And if no, she’s gotta be nearing that mark
W
Finally! I’ve been waiting for the  Ross video! Happy late birthday-day Ross!
Doug really needs to meet Rosa
Who the hell is the dude in the thumbnail that is not doug
WHEWWW ROSAAA!!! Its always, aways amazing to see every adventure, every anniversery of her birthday.
I can’t wait for the ice cream party!
This is one of the most absurd traditions I know of, raising a lot of money for one otter
I am a rosa Stan and I know it
Road to a million
Damn I meant to catch the birthday stream this year, I missed it cause of school, I guess theres always next year!
I was their and the first time i havent slepet for 24 h but it was worth it for rosa and the people on the dougdoug VC. God bless. Amerosa!
This is the first livestream of DougDoug's I've ever actually participated in, and then this releases on my birthday. Timings could never be better.
This is like 7 DougDoug Videos comprised into 1 hour. I don't think the editors get paid enough for this.
I bet the aquarium is so happy getting so much support for the sixth time now. These kind of streams are so wholesome bro.
Doug Doug is going to reveal that he is actually rosa soon. The jig is up Doug.
WHOOOOO ROSA!!!!
Otter onesie
bro why was this vid so late xd
Happy birthday ROSAAAAAA!!! 🎂
Holy crap this otter is older then me
I remember Selka the otter, they were a foe to reckon with in the seas. Too bad that shark got Selka off gaurd in a swim by hit and run. Glad to see Selka is back at it.
Again?!? LETS GOOO
The day rosa dies imma riot
I just rewatched the last years video and thought: Huh, its been more than a year, I hope he's gonna put out the next one soon! And now I see that a new one came out, love it! ❤ You're an amazing guy Doug! 😃 BTW: HAPPY 24th BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!🥳🎉
rosq edit: I’m so sorry for misspelling and sinning I will be in hell if you wanna see me
Firt
chess spoilers          i'm not sure if any videogames have done this but this feels like when the game introduces you to a super weak boss and you defeat it but in the endgame it comes back and it's like the most powerful boss in the game
Napoléon killing himself: "there's nothing we can do"
It's time again already? Feels like the last was just yesterday!
I was waiting for this video happy birthday sea rat
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I ALWAYS GET SO HAPPY TO CELEBRATE THIS BEAUTIFUL TRADITION
GOOGLE IN SHAMBLES
OH YEAHHHHHH!!!!       (Mello sent me)
THE QUINTOLOGY IS COMPLETE!
I hope he makes the Freddie AI adventure into a video
I WAS WONDERING WHERE THE VIDEO WAS
Meanwhile in 2030:     Breaking news!  Streamer DougDoug raised *$100,000,000* for a 31 year old sea otter
I'm more and more convinced novelAI favors twitch chat with each AI invasion LMAO
wooo my favorite time of the yearr
ROSA OUR QUEEN REIGN SUPREME ❤
This is the most wholesome event ever and it keeps getting better every year
Rosa cool :)
Going for 1 million next year!!!
The sea otter outfit is absolutely beautiful
Rosa my background on my phone
Its that time of year everyone! Time to do random things and raise money for an aqarium because of an otter
Mello  sent  you  :]
ROSAAAAA!!!!!!!
Viva la mermaid France 🇫🇷🧜
I can't believe this has been a yearly tradition on this channel 😢
Wasnt here for the stream, but i remembered!!! Happy birthday, Rosa!!
321 days
Doug please let us out your basement 😥
If google notices they lost in donations to same random guy in an otter costume the looks in the board room must be amazing
Parkzer is a god damn psychopath  I love him
Rosa being the oldest living otter makes this even better!
Napoleon being historically accurate and getting involved in the French Revolution
Best day of the year!!!!
I WAS HERE!!
It's that time of year again?? Time flies! Happy birthday Rosa!
im still sad i couldnt watch this live since i had work
Happy birthday Rosa!!!!
Let’s go I was here firing the stream
I wait every year for this. Rosa brought me to DougDoug
:)
Happy birthday Rosa! (little late)
I always look forward to these
LONG LIVE ROSA!! MAY YOUR PLATINUM BLOND FUR ALWAYS BE SLEEK AND YOUR SHRIMP ALWAYS TASTY
and the legend posts again
I swear like 3 or 2 weeks ago i was on a flight and i heard something like "on todays flight we have a special guest, Rosa the sea otter"  But I later found out i was hearing a bit wrong. They said "rosie". No offense to that otter but I was so hyped at first lmao.   Edit: Also damn 300k is crazy. Let's see next year lol.
Next year for the art contest, I'm fully expecting a Rosa fursuit and I will be disappointed with anything less 🦦
next will be 1M
Rosa will never die, because if she does she will be replaced by another similar looking otter to keep the donations coming. And I'm here for it because wild life preservationists deserve it.
Imagine if every subscriber donated just $1.
yuki the seal and rosa the sea otter are very cute
So what is Doug and Parkzer's relationship? How did they meet? Are they husbands?
Raaaaa Rosa up Rosa
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA🎉
Ppl who think Google should donate 10mil+ 👇
I HAVE BEEN WAITING ITS HERE REPEAT IT IS HERE
Woohoo
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAHHHH
Ivy has the same birthday as me  👇
Doug having to buy two otter suits is hilarious
Happy glorious birthday Queen Rosa 🎉
We love Rosa!
I cheered so hard I knocked my earbuds out of my PC
The purest most lovely stream ever ❤
this just makes me happy
Happy 24rd birthday rosa
Is it this time of the year already?
NOBLE WUZ HERE FOR ROSAS BIRTHDAY
This is one of my absolute favorite running jokes that still manages to be legitimate it's so nice seeing Rosa every year on stream and on video hopefully we'll get a few more years and she can break world record of oldest living otter
Its THE video of the year, the video where a man on the internet makes some of the best content on the internet while raising money for charity. It cant be better!
BRO LIVE WAS SOO GOOD
I haven’t watched it yet but why does the thumbnail look ai generated
I cant wait that in 5 years we will have donated 500 billion dollars.
ROSSAAA!!!!!!!
and i was there
I went to my local aquarium to celebrate Rosa’s birthday, happy birthday Rosa!
Rosa is older than me, such an amazing otter she is
this series of rosa the sea otter Bdays is by far one of the best fund raisers ive ever seen
Does the donation board stack, like eventually will we be in the $1 million section, or is it one time donations?
This is how you otter Fr Fr
Seal Goodman I’m dyingggg😂
Please like! We gotta get this into trending for Rosa!
Selka is about that life, and I better not see anyone try to DISAGREE.
Also hats off to the chad that donated 250,000 anonymously.
Like almost every doug joke or stream, what started as a one off stream for an otter has become a yearly celebration. Happy birthday rosa!
This is the best thing ever. brings a tear to my eye
happy 24th rosa, also give it to napoleon to cause his own demise. (Massive shoutout to all the people who put up trans flags at the end)
Huge rosa w
How could anyone not love rosa
I love watching these videos every year
ROSA IS EATING SOME GOOD LUXURY SHRIMP WITH THIS MONEY (saul goodman approved)
Doug is slowly expanding this out to a Birthday Week, probably Birthday Month soon… she’s gonna be spoilt rotten
queen
The otters figured out the fastest way to take the seas: The US Navy
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i've been going through some mental health problems, and i cannot express how good this made me feel. thank you doug
Doug
ROSA!!!!
Mr beast ahh thumbnail 💀
Rosa is probably the GOAT of otters
Hell yeah, ROSA. The stream was absolutely fantastic to be a part of. Sad that I missed the last hour because I fell asleep. COFFEE
IVE BEEN WAITING
fun fact, rosa is 9 years older than the average otter and 2 years older than the oldest ever male sea otter!
I can't believe I missed this stream 😭  It's seriously, unironically my favorite event of the year but going off to college threw off my schedule and I i forgot 😢
WE LOVE ROSA
Otter
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Doug didn't use the Rosa  Youtube Thumbnail art contest submission. RIGGED
Happy birthday Rosa. May you have the most not rigged life ever.
I dont remember the revolution... I was just born... very relatable...
As a "new Mexican" I can confirm that new mexico is just a place for nuke testing sites, and drug facilities.
Honestly, congrats and thank you to the Dougdoug Twich chat. You guys are doing more for ocean conservation than the biggest companies in the world are.
ITS MY FAVOURITE ANNUAL VIDEO, IM SO HAPPY
me and rosa shared the same birthday!  I am so honored to share it with rosa :)
I tried to watch the stream this year and I MISSED IT!!!
happy bday
Sad I missed most of the stream, but I was able to catch the end where the community passed 300k! Great job guys!!
She’s Older Than Me!
Really love how good Parkzur is at imperialism <3
Who has spent the most money on otters ever? If we treat dougdoug and his chat as one person, have they gave the most amount of money towards otters? If not, who has?
🫡 HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
Change the title right now!! Rosa isn't just "a Sea Otter" SHE IS ROSA
IT'S HEEERERERERERERREREWRE   I'VE BEEN WAITING
Annual ottering
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!
Lets GOOO! She's BACK!
Happy birthday Rosa!!! Congrats and thanks to those who helped raise this amount!
I literally just watched last year's video today so this was perfectly timed
This stream was rigged by doug we easily had a million.
Hello!!
pOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOg
1 million dollars next year
ROSA FOREVER, I love how much Doug Doug loves and cares for Rosa
Rosa I’ve missed you please keep living forever
I WAS THERE Pog
I love how this is a yearly staple in the Doug Doug fandom
We must steal her
No matter what she does, Rosa always does a really good job.
:D) happy birthday Rosa!!
Istg
I'M ACTUALLY WATCHING THE FULL VOD FOR THE FIRST TIME
The most special sea otter on the planet!
I'm a bit late
Lets go
Rosa is gonna end up being the first female president
TupHart
My absolute favorite yearly tradition.
This was the first stream of yours I caught live! Was so glad to be there! Long live Rosa!
holy shit ROSA BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!
I was there for the entirety of day 2, it was an awesome time. Can't wait for next year
I was just about to get in bed on time!  Thank God for DougDoug to come in and save the.. day.. by uploading this! Now my bedtime is more on point with the rest of the week! 👍
2 months late on the upload...
LETS GOOOO
I was here ❤😢
Rosa can buy a house at 24
Still surprised how well DougDoug can fundraise. Congrats 🎉🎉
This other is old than me😂
LETSSSS GOOOOOO ROSA! YAY!!!
I JUST watched last year's birthday i'm having such a great evening
WHHOOOOOOOOOOO YYYEEEEAAAA BABYYYY
I love Rosa!! Watched the last otter video…we can get a million dollars next year!!
ITS HERRRREEEE
WOOOO ROSA YEAAHH WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
i missed it!!! 😢
ROSAAAA!!!
Doog doog
I bet Doug trained to recognize Rosa by binging MBA Streams all year
Happy b day again rosa
POGGIES
24rd
i was there, briefly, LOOK MA I WAS ON TV
🎊yes! Rosa's birthday 🎊
happy 24th birthday rosa I hope you enjoyed the blood sacrifices I made in your honor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉
Could you at some point meet Rosa irl and maybe even feed her?
Its that time of the year AGAIN ?
Loved being in attendance this year
YESSSS MY FAV TIME OF YEAR
Hey Doug can you post the full vods on the vid channel?
next year theyre raising 1M confirmed         Source: yes
Woho
I cant handle the thought that we will eventualy have to do a otter funarel
Let's go Rosa she is the best
long. live. rosa.
ROSA GAMING
Hell yeah we did! Anything for our Queen.
I love how we raised more money for a sea otter than Lobos did for cancer.
🎉🎉🎉
Whoooooooo🎉🎉🎉🎉
ROSA, ROSA, ROSA
Can’t wait for next year for Doug Doug Co to raise 1 million dablons and goes bankrupt
Rosa!!!! This is the day I look forward to all year!!!!
Next year Rosa will be dead or a millionaire probably
my favorite day of the year <3
LETS GO ROSA
Rosa is very old. I'm very scared for the rosa death stream
I LOVE ROSA!!!!!!!!
Its sad to think one day rosa will pass and doug wont be able to do this anymore for her.
Let’s gooo new record happy birthday rosa!
Hip hip hooory
ROSA! ROSA! ROSA! ROSA! ROSA!  HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYY!!! 🥳🥳🥳
Big money
LONG LIVE OUR QUEEN ROSA! Next year 500k???
Organising the minecraft event was very fun! Thank you Rosa for allowing us to do this!
Rosa is main reasons people watch dough dough, for chance to see best and main character aka rosa
Finally
Fudge I mist the stream
ROOOOOSA
Shame I missed the stream. Can't wait to see what happens!
I WAS HERE THE ENTIRE DAY WITH NO BREAK, BEST STREAM EVER LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DOUGDOUG WOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH WE LOVE ROSA
WOOOOOOOOOO
I wonder how much land you could buy with the value of money, at what point could he say they have donated a small country to Rosa
As a former rosa's revolution veteran i can say that it did indeed happen in 2005
Imagine taking Parkzer to Court  You really challenge him in his own domain?
Otters hold hands when they sleep so they don’t drift apart in the water :)
She is the otter equivalent of ~105 years old now. And she's still going STRONG. She'll be able to tell lots of stories in otter paradise
I managed to be here for part of the stream this year! Unfortunately I couldn’t stick around the whole way through but still an amazing experience to be a part of nonetheless!
YOOO
in my country mos people hate seaworld because zoo and stuff, but i don´t know whitout zoos and seaworld there would be no rosa so they are kinda need
ROSA!!!
I was waiting for this video ITS FINALLY HERE! HAPPY (late) BIRTHDAY ROSA!
Monterey Bay Aquarium reacting to $150k with "OH MY COD" is so adorably corny it's perfect.
I WAS THERE
Rosa deserves to live for another 24 years but since that’s not possible she deserves all the food and toys and everything an otter likes that money can buy.
When a sea otter has a higher weekly income than your annual salary 😂
GUYS ROSA HAS THE SAME BIRTHDAY AS TF2!
LEEEETSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOO
This was my first time watching a Doug Doug stream and donating, which was for Rosa. It was a blast and Luther in the end got what he deserved. It was awesome to help Rosa get fancy salmon.
that’s a lot of clams!
I'm so glad I was a part of this. Even if its on the 1st day and not the big 2nd day. It feels nice to know I'm a part of that big number!
Next year Rosa will exit the water and replace Doug
the 1000$ anonymus guy its 100% Kujo Jotaro in an alt account
I have the same birthday as Rosa
my favorite holiday is here once again 🔥
2:21 ANOTHER HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
This entire channel makes me smile. Kudos to you guys and Doug, and happy birthday Rosa!!
This is my favorite holiday
ROSA MAKING IT OUT THE AQUARIUM
Hell yeah I this one because I was at a convention and I am hyped
ROSA❤❤❤
ONE MORE YEAR ONE MORE YEAR  ONE MORE YEAR
This is a certified DougDoug classic
EVERYONE REPEAT AFTER ME!!  RO! RO! SA SA SA!
Ohhhh seeing this show up in my feed makes me so happy. These next 70 minutes are going to be a BLAST!
Finally it is here
Thats alotta money for one otter…guess rosa can now buy more lifespan via microtransactions AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!🎉
You should go there in person again!
It will never not be funny to me that the DougDoug Community's ovsession with feeding the best sea otter so shrimp beats the previous years goal before Doug has finished the intro to the stream.
Happy Birthday Rosa
OH FUCK I MISSED ROSA'S BIRTHDAY
Happy Birthday!
MELLO SENT ME
lets go
happy birthday
why do I have a feeling that next year Doug and Chat will somehow come close to raising a million dollars for Rosa
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA (I missed the stream) 😢
Parkzer is by far the most sinister enemy twitch chat faced until now - there were war crimes every turn
like, i don't care, I DONT CAREE!! ROSA OUR QUEEEEEEN!!! LIKE LIKE LIKE!!! - I am calm ❤
A welcome surprise I’ve been waiting for this video, Long love queen Rosa! 🦦 👑
ROSSSSAAAAA YAAAAA
Rosa.
NOOO I MISSED ROSA'S BIRTHDAY BECAUSE OF SCHOOL :( THE EDUCATION SYSTEM HAS FAILED ME
Rosa was the main character all along
❤for Rosa
All sea otters are freinds :D especially Rosa
I think rosa has become the main character
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Rosa’s birthday is the most important thing in human history
Every year this makes me cry like baby
im slightly early
07
hello
WE MAKING CLAUDE INTO DINNER WITH THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥🥳
Not even 7x the amount of our previous donation, we gotta pick up the slack next birthday stream
Not jsut a sea otter THE sea otter
Lesss goooo
Even though Doug is bald, has no legs and is bad at 2D platformers, he certainly throws the best otter birthday parties!
Rosa has officially beaten google
YOOOOOOOOO
ROSA THE QUEEN
This is truly one of the DougDoug moments of all time
My dad shares a birthday with Rosa. I’m so happy.
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaAaaaaaaaaàaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Happy birthday, Rosa! 🎉🎉🎉
best day ever! i watched the stream live both days and it was so heartwarming and amazing. love you and rosa dougdoug!
Yea baby
did the first stream get a video?
Rosa is The BEST  This is a certified douglasdouglas classic
Happy birthday Rosa 🎉 🎂
WE STAN OUR QUEEN ROSA
Why are long bigger hamsters so cute??
First 15k claim your badge
FUCK YEAH ROSA  Edit: NEXT YEAR WE GO FOR THE MILLION
Bro I have beeen waitin sooooooooooooooo long
LOVE YOU ROSA ❤
ROSAAAA🎉
OTTERS
MORE-chad
Rosa’s birthday is my favorite holiday.
ITS THE GREATEST DAY EVER
WE LOVE ROSA!
Doug should stop trying to beat chat on chess.
1 mill next year!!!!!!🥳🥳
$300k now? Really showing love!   🦦Happy Birthday Rosa!🎉
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY ROSA🎉🎉🎉
It’s not just “a sea otter”, it’s our queen Rosa!
2:21 how tf did rosa get an exotic engram?
I worked Rosas birthday so I cried the entire shift
ONE MILLION DOLLARS NEXT YEAR.
I'm so glad Rosa got to get 300k of Twitch Chat's dollars (ft Doug). This money will lead to monumental Sea Otter discoveries such as streaming.
ROSAAAAAA
❤❤❤❤
ROSA GANG!
What's an otter gonna do with 300k tho😂
DougDoug never fails to make Rosa's birthday great!
Had plans but nvm. Next hour had been re-planned
my name sound nothing like Douglass but i want that "hello Douglass Douglass" as my message tone
YAYAYATSYAT ROSA LES GOOOOD GODS RETURNED
I was waiting from the video since i saw the post. Rosa has a great life and they're taking very well care of her.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAA!
I made a Twitch account specifically to show up for this. I stayed almost the whole time (missed a little at the beginning).
YAY CUTE SEA OTTERS
Happy belated B-day Rosa!
This is great, I loved the birthday
Rosa is life, everything else doesn't matter.
About half a million total Doug Bucks for charity at this point. Great work team!
Next year we gotta hit 1mil just for Rosa, Happy Birthday Rosa!
NO WAY I JUST WATCHED LAST YEARS VIDEO HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!
Let’s go!!!
That time of the year already?
ROSA FOR LIFE
Man all of these challenges would make great separate videos 👀
Doug should put all that money into cancer research, it would be suuuuper funny
Sorry I couldn’t participate I had my own bday but hey it’s pretty cool you did all that
me and rosa have the same bday!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
dougdoug is geniunly the most fun streamer to watch
50:08 The piece of art I submitted. So incredibly happy to have made it into the top 100! Happy Birthday Rosa <3
Doug, I personally want to thank you so much for putting out this video annually. Rosa's birthday is only 3 days before my late brother's, and without content like this every year, it'd make it infinitely harder to get through than it is now. Never stop being anything short of 100% like you love to do in your videos❤
Pond
Heartwarming how Doug goes from insane Peggle speedruns to making Rosa's life happy, what a chad
yay rosa
At this point, I wont be suprised if we raise around 1M next year.
MY BODY IS READY
someone donated $1,000 and all doug said was “anonymous thank you” then went back to normal bruh. most americans only have $5000 in savings
ROSSAAAAAAAAAAAA
i missed rosas birthday :(
Road to $1,000,000
can you raise 300,000 for me so i can stop being in poverty
well
Best time of the year
well, i'm surprised that she lived this long.
just love watching every year
Rosa will never be without a birthday stream for as long as she lives, and even after her death, money will be raised for the aquarium in her honour. LONG LIVE ROSA
FINALY THE VIDEO IS HERE
Parkzer would be proud.
YES ROSA
so wholesome that doug does this every year
BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
It's crazy that Rosa is richer than most if not all of us
Oh god I just looked it up the oldest otter to live in captivity is 28 years old. Rosa better be immortal
happy birthday Rosa
rathgat
I have not watched the video as it just came out but good job
ROSA!!!!!❤❤❤
Our perfect queen deserves all the money in the world, but $300,000 works. Happy to have seen the stream live this year, proud to be part of an incredible community!
We need a dougdoug anime
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
Rosa is the best dog I've ever seen ❤️
This stream is the reason why we have the chair stream. Happy birthday Rosa!
LETS GO ROSAAA
I was waiting patiently to see this beautiful otter again. And can't wait for next year. 🥰
I simply can't watch those streams there too long
ROSA SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
Next year we’re going to be buying a whole ocean for Rosa
I love this
i missed it AGAIN
nice
Hi, im here to spread these words to you, Doug.   You may not realise it but what you have brought into and the community's  life with your youtube video's, your twitch streams and most importantly your personality is truly amazing. You cheer everyone up, make them have a good day, and you have probably saved lives at some point. So because of this, I thank you Doug. Here's a thank you from me and the entire community   Thank you.    BTW where is our streamer Rosa gone??!?!?!   jk
Was waiting for this vid
Dude! That otter better buy real estate or something!
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!
ROSA 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Happy birthday Rosa!
This was such a great stream to participate in, here's to Monterey Bay Aquarium and our queen 🎉
amazing
Honestly surprised there isn't an extra four zeros added on to that total, Rosa deserves it
ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Can we all just agree? Rosa deserves all of this
3 minutes ago and 200 comments Rosa is indeed faster than Sonic.
Doug needs to visit rosa on her 26th birthday, we've been waiting for this for 4 years now
I liked my own comment.
rosa!!!!!!!!!
YIPEEEEE
YES FINALLY
Its a yearly tradition at this point  Will be a sad day when it stops
this is the best kind of content
LETS GO ROSAA🎉🎉🎉
I love Rosa, but let’s give it up for Ivy, Ruby, Selka, and Kit! Without them Rosa would have no friends
Early
ROSA!!!!!!!
Yes! The only birthday I look forward to every year.
I love how this started off as just a fun little thing for a cute sea otter but now it’s like this yearly tradition where all Doug Doug enjoyers gather up to celebrate our girl Rosa
im still only half way thorugh the full stream so very happy this came out now. im still gonna watch the whole VoD but theres never TOO much Rosa content
🌊🏃🏼🏃🏼🏃🏼‍♀️🏃🏼‍♂️
Happy birthday 7
Gaming makes people violent.   Gamers:
a milion next year
The day Rosa passes will be the day we turn to the dark ages…
Wooo been waiting for this
I am glad to be part of this Rosa loving community
so glad i was apart of this ❤
I have not finished watching this video
🦭
Im glad i was able to donate to such a wonderful cause
Sad I couldn't be there. Happy Birthday rosa.
happy bday rosa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ROSA ❤❤❤❤❤❤
We love the G.O.O.A.T. Rosa ❤❤❤
Happy birthday Rosa
ROSA!!!
We Makin it out the zoo with this one🔥🔥🔥🔥
Rosa for President 2024
Best possible usage of 300K
Happy birthday Rosa🥳
Babe it’s otter time!
Happy birthday Rosa! Hopefully we raise 400k next!
ROSAAAAA
Best $50 I ever spent.
Truely the most Rosa moment of all time.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAAAA!
First time I was able to catch the stream live, it was so funny to watch Doug get increasingly flustered by the amount of money raised
Rosa is a very talented otter
Rosa is quite possibly the most famous otter alive
WE SUPPORT ROSA!!
Lets get to 1 million next year
Next year this man is gonna raise like 700000 dollars
i wonder what otter taste like?
WE FUCKING LOVE ROSA❤
Happy very late birthday Rosa
Cant wait for next year, when rosa becomes a multimillionaire
o my gar it rossa from fornjit?
LETS GOOOOO
yay
Happy birthday Rosa! Here’s to another thousand years of rule over the Monterey Bay Aquarium otter exhibit
Sea doggo!
thats why i love halloween time :D And offcourse happy birthday Rosa <3
This is genuinely one of the most heartwarming series I've seen on YouTube. Thank you DouglasDouglas.
Happy Birthday Rosa! Let's hope that the next birthday will be even greater
THATS MY QUEEN
WE LOVE ROSA WE LOVE ROSA
ROSA DESERVES MORE THAN THIS. SHE WILL LIVE FOREVER! WE SHALL MARCH ON THE CAPITAL FOR OUT TRUE LEADER, ROSA!!!
Happy Birthday Rosa!!!!🎉
Next year $1000000
Congratulations Chat!! We managed to make Rosa the richest otter in the world, and absolutely crushed last year’s goal.
was glad to be a part of this
I am proud to say that I was able to witness this amazing event live, I am so happy for Rosa!
ROSAAAAAAAA
I LOVE YOU ROSAAAAAAAAA❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Rosa absolutely deserves this
Happy Birthday Rosa!!!🎉❤
First year I watched live!! Thank you Rosa for having such an amazing birthday.     Oh, hey Doug, didn't see you there.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
ROSAAAAAAAAAAA
WOOOOO
LOL 😂
ROSAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
LETS GOOOOOOO❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
HELL YEAH!
Hello
This is one of the best things I've ever been a part of
Rosa better invest in DougCoin
Rosa.
Happy birthday Rosa. Glad to see she’s still here
Yes
Finally,peak
Average Rosa W
ROSSAAA
happy birthday rosa!
ROSA IS OUR QUEEN SHE DESERVES THE BEST 🧡🤎
I need to catch the next Rosa stream
HE TRIPLED IT???
ROSA SHALL LIVE FOREVER!!!
ROOOOOOOOSA
This was insane
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA WE LOVE YOU
I’ve been waiting for this all year
ROSA'S BIRTHDAY YAY
Been waiting a while for this video happy birthday Rosa
Happy birthday Rosa. Like if you love Rosa
YOOO BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
Get more for Rosa
I have been waiting for the YouTube version of this
It finally here
it’s ROSA
Next year: "We somehow raised $1,000,000 for a Sea Otter's Birthday."
ROSAAA
Otters are living better then me
W
Wow.
This is the quality I've been waiting for.
LETS GO ROSA
YESSS ITS FINALLY HERE! I could only pop in for half an hour at the beginning
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
HAPPY B-DAY ROSAA (This otter makes 5 times more than the average American)
WE STAN QUEEN ROSA
Yayayayaya rosa!!!
Whoooooooooooo rosa
Finally out I was not able to see the whole stream
Yo posted 36 seconds ago epic    Also my Queen Rosa, can you pin me? I have delivered this message first and believe you should.
birthday :D
Aw shit...here we go again.
ROSA!!!
LET'S GOOOOO
Long live QUEEN ROSA!!!❤🦦🦦🦦
ROSA POG!!!!!!!
Happy birthday rosa
Happy birthday Rosa
Rosa the Queen
Classic Doug Moment
Yessssss
ROOOOSSSSAAAAAA
WE LOVE YOU ROSA
PRAISE ROSA!!!
He did it
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHH ROSA!!!! 🎉🎉🎉
What an amazing birthday party for such an amazing otter! Happy 24 years Rosa!!!!!!!
This is better than any holiday
1 min gang
ROSA!!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!
Yay
WOWOWOW
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!!
This is probably the best thing. That’s it. The best thing
Happy day of birth Rosa!!
its already been a year??
Here’s to another Rosillion dollars next year
Soon so much money will be raised, Rosa will be able to invest in crypto.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSAAAA
5th or something
QUEEN ROSA GETS ALL THE SHRIMP IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Naw what 💀💀💀
Notif gang
:)
We would’ve raised $600,000k but it was taken in the divorce.
Pog Rosa. Change my mind
one view? 47 comments?
happy birthday rosa 🎉
29 comments one view
Otter lives matter
Rosa and monkey? Do I have a chance?
We all already know next year it’s gonna be 600k
LETS GO ANOTHER AMAZING ROSA'S BIRTHDAY!!
🎉I WAS HERE FOR ROSA'S BIRTHDAY🎉
hells yeah
1 hour gang 👇🏼
LETS GOOO ANOTHER YEAR ANOTHER ROSA BIRTHDAY!
Rosa
Earliest I've ever been and im so happy it was the Rosa's birthday video :)
Happy Birthday Rosa
ROSAAAAAAA🎉🎉🎉🎉
Happy Birthday rosa
I was there!!!!
ily doug
YEEEAAAAA
Les gooo
raising absurd amounts of money for a sea otter's birthday is an absolute dougdoug classic
YESSSSSSSSSS HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA
I LOVE ROSA!!!!!!!
ITS TIIIIIIMEEEEEEE
Rosa pog
LETS GO ROSA
:0
happy birthday rosa!
ROSA!!!!!!!
FINALLY
Took you long enough
I LOVE FUCKING HOTDOGS!!
43 seconds after release and there is already 19 comments how is a man ever supposed to be first in this world
Rosa is the animal ever, dinosaurs died just for her
LETS GOOO ROSA
Holy shit
Cant wait for the thirty million stream next year.
YEaHH this is what the community was made for 🙏🙏
LETS GO ROSA!
damn that crazy
Damn Rosa is 2X older than me
YAY ROSA!!!!
Happy birthday Rosa! The amount of money raised was otter-ly absurd
ROSA!!!!
Real
Yessss
Rosa is the cutest Otter on earth <33333333
ITSSSS HERREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Next year that pupper is gonna be a millionaire
Omgg
Rosa Pog!!!
WE MAKING IT OUT OF THE AQUARIUM WITH THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Nice
Yeah sorry boss I can't come into work today. Religious observance and all that.
THE ROSA
ROOSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ROSA WOOOO!!!
LESGOO
Happy birthday Rosa been waiting for a year!!!!!!!
Poggers? more like Potters!
Otters am I right?
ITS HERE
Hi
Edit: Rest in Peace Rosa, you will be missed. May the big ocean in the sky have as much shrimp and squid as you desire.  Rosa is currently the OLDEST LIVING Sea Otter. If she lives for 5 more years she will hold the record of oldest Sea Otter EVER!  Edit: I know we all love Rosa dearly, but do keep in mind she struggles with many health issues. It's not guaranteed she will live to see that title, but we can all hope and love her still.
Crazy
ROSA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happi
ROSA
nice
Best Rosa birthday EVER
Frist  lets GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Yay! I've been waiting for this video!
hell yeah
I’m the first comment
OH YEAH BABY! ITS TIME ONCE AGAIN!
What do you mean "somehow"? This is par for the course Doug.
YES YES YES YES
11th comment!!!
Happy birthday Rosa!
Rosa <3
First
first
THE VIDEO IS HERE!!!
Woo! Rosa's Birthday, and I caught this vid in the first 7 seconds
W
I LOVE ROSA
ye
Great video
yes
Firstttt
Heheheheh 1st
Last
Hi
