Two notes: 1) This level of detail would never have been possible without our collaboration with the Air Current. To dive even deeper into the subject, be sure to read their years of reporting on it at http://theaircurrent.com 2) As many of you noticed, we had a sloppy error in the ad-read—the B-2 was actually built by Northrop Grumman. This was just a pure mix-up in a section that, honestly, doesn’t get as much attention as the video itself. Apologies for this.
Let me summarize for those short on time. Cause of downfall: McDonnell Douglas
Boeing should look into the mining industry because they have developed away to dig a hole faster than anyone thought possible
Why the answer is always 1980s?
It’s because Boeing being taken over by Indians on visa. Boeing is also allowing Indians to access sensitive defense data in violation of federal law.  According to an insider, Boeing's HR is almost entirely Indians and if you call the HR help line, "100 percent it will be picked up by an Indian who can barely speak English." Indians are also responsible for passport and identity verification at Boeing. The insider says these Indians are either offshored or hired through a bodyshop.  The insider describes Boeing's software engineering as a "mess," noting that Boeing has access to sensitive data related to defense manufacturing. While federal law prohibits foreigners from accessing or working with this data, Boeing has been circumventing this law by having American engineers "mask" or "scramble" the data so offshore/bodyshop Indians can work on it. Indian hiring managers at Boeing, per usual, always defend and promote other Indians: "They always find a way to bring the 'Indian team' onto any project, even if it is a highly sensitive defense project."
Remember Mig and Sukhoi outcompeted Boeing without capitalistic shareholder motives with many of their airplanes. Just shows the greed and laziness of Boeing  German Messeschmitt had half of the countries factories bombed out with immense pressure and still managed to produce the first revolutionary jet powered plane. American engineering is overrated and powered by European engineering.
you shouldn't bail out a failing business
Boeing heritage leaders and fellow employees did not lose their way. Boeing was overtaken and mismanaged by ex-General Electric executives who attempted to manage Boeing the GE way. Former McDonnell Douglas executives were also selected to overtake leadership positions once held by Boeing heritage employees, but again, ex-General Electric executives were the ones who ultimately wrecked the commercial airplane business unit between 2000-2024 in an attempt to monopolize the aircraft engine market for both Airbus and Boeing commercial airplanes. GE even changed their name from GE Aircraft Engines to GE Aviation to GE Aerospace. Since GE could not own Boeing to enter the aerospace business due to anti-trust, GE has acted like a wrecking ball to tear down and weaken Boeing.
This is why that schmuck accountant got fired. Thank god
5:10 And there it is... 🤮 The childish impatience and greed that has ruined so many great things in this world 😢
Well done Boeing
There's billions of us that still love Boeing ❤ but just like Nokia Boeing has re gain our trust and become the world's best aircraft manufacturer once again like it used to be ❤😢 I still have my toy Boeing aeroplane ❤😢. Come on Boeing you don't need to owned by anyone just be Boeing just like before you can do this. Be on top again.
I've grown up using only Boeing's airplanes in the form of British airways since a kid not knowing what a manufacturer is till I started growing up and I know Boeing as a aircraft manufacturer who made the best aircrafts for years I'm so sad to hear Boeing is not the same best aircraft manufacturer it used to be 😢😢 anybody agrees?
I always knew that what ever bad is happening to Boeing it's because of McDonald Douglas having control of Boeing. Boeing still owns Boeing but McDonald Douglas is walking all over Boeing.😢😢😢
Safe aircraft? 😆
DURING THE OBAMA AND HILLARY DARK YEARS EVERYTHING BECAME GREED❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
THE REAL REASON BOEING MOVED THEIR GLASS PALACE FOR DICKHEADS IS TO ALIENATE THEIR EMPLOYEES AWAY FROM OVERPAID DICKHEADS.
THEY GOT IN BED WITH OBAMA & Hillary the thieves.
Boeing no Way home
Big American manufacturers no longer see themselves as primarily manufacturing companies, they see themselves as primarily investment firms that make money speculating in the derivatives market. They are annoyed by having to manufacture things. See also private universities.
So what I'm hearing is that they chased out all the autistic dudes
I do not think "Boring lost its way", they are merely following orders from their global overlords.
The B2 is not nade by lockheed martin... its made by northrup grumman...
DEI and greed destroyed them
VERY painfull and sad to watch right after the Air India 787-8 crash today... Cause still has to be investigated but it doesn't look good.
Boy that man was right
today another one fell. Horrible.
who's here after the first 787 dreamliner crashed?
So, they took over McDonnell Douglas and kept the executives. Everything else flowed from that.  Why would you take over another high-tech manufacturing company and keep the most redundant people in that company?
The B-2 is a Northrop product not Lockheed Martin.
He is dumb do you argree
Mnogo socijalnih službi je korumpirano, a ljudi koji su zapravo imali srca često to ne mogu podnijeti i napuštaju posao. Nikada se ne radi o najboljem interesu djece ili porodica. Sve se vrti oko novca. "Utrnuli" ljudi su zapravo sociopati. Žele kontrolu, a ne da pomognu bilo kome, pretjerano slatka i uslužna priroda je maska. Nekoliko ljudi sa zdravim razumom ili empatijom neće moći tolerisati rad u CPS-u ili DCFS-u. Jer imaju savjest, srce ili dušu. Svi radnici u medicinskoj njezi, pravosuđu i maloljetničkom obrazovanju su zli. Pogledajte film, zasnovan na istinitoj priči pod nazivom; "Nakon obećanja", a također i senatoricu Nancy Schaefer koja je pokušala pomoći porodicama i razotkriti korupciju, a zatim nerealno umrla u takozvanom ubistvu i samoubistvu. Pokušavam proširiti vijest na internetu, molim vas istražite korupciju u vladinim službama. Sve se radi o iskorištavanju građana. Vaše socijalno osiguranje vas dovodi u rizik. Tako primaju novac za vaš slučaj na osnovu poreskih dolara. Zatim istražite prekršaje statusa i korupciju CPS-a za trgovinu ljudima i ciljanje porodica u siromaštvu. Kao i pedofilija koja se dešava u svim dječjim bolnicama i hraniteljskim domovima širom ove nacije. Nije se radilo samo o djeci iz Pennsylvanije za novac. Širom cijele zemlje, a to se dogodilo milionima američke djece svih rasa, posebno bijeloj. Od Velike depresije, vlada je počela da uzgaja našu djecu u osnovi kao novac. Amerika ima najviše djece u maloljetničkim domovima u cijelom svijetu. Privatne prakse i vlada dobijaju tone novca za svako dijete, između 3.000 i 5.000 dolara po djetetu mjesečno. Naš poreski novac. Stotine hiljada djece. To su milioni mjesečno. Svaki mjesec dobijaju platu dok se ta djeca tuku, siluju, sramote ili ignorišu. Zatim, ako se naljute ili uzvrate udarac ili pokušaju pobjeći iz ustanove, etiketiraju ih kao mentalno oboljele i šalju ih ili u bolnicu (punu silovanja) ili u maloljetnički zatvor (pun premlaćivanja). Sadistički radnici koje plaćamo da to radimo svojoj djeci svaki dan. Doktori, policija, socijalni radnici su amoralni, degenerisani i žele samo novac i da iskorištavaju druge da bi se osjećali jadno. Uzet će nevinu osobu, učiniti joj mnogo gore stvari i degenerirati je. Nisu nevini, pristojni ili anđeli. Već korumpirani i groteskni. Zatim sebe smatraju superiornima. Svi uključeni trebaju prestati. Hvala vam što ste čitali
JON OSTROWER IS THE GOAT!!
This is what happens when Business majors are put in charge of anything requiring intellect. You listen to your Engineers.....people who possess actual intelligence; People who actually know how the product FUNCTIONS and how to build it. The fact that a Business degree is given any value in today's world is absolutely disgusting and a dirty insult to academia. Any idiot can do what they do, but it requires real talent, skill, and knowledge to be an Engineer. For context, Interior Decorating and Yoga Instruction require you to hold and maintain licensure in order to practice; Practicing business just requires you to be able to fog a mirror.
The B-2 was made by Northrop Grumman… not Lockheed…
So basically the manufacturer of DC-10 realized they did not kill enough people so they did it again with 737 Max
I feel like this video is extremely disengous without actually mentioning the impact of merger / moving boeing headquarters in more depth
"I think I would fly on one of these planes but I also kinda have a deathwish"
corporate sabotage as always.
Diversity, equity, and inclusion. It’s really not complicated.
Half th planes in the world were built 30 minutes away from my home. And of course I got the half thats constantly crashing.
Can't trust this channel to give unbiased factual information. Didn't mention the rampant dei policies which had the company hiring based on race and sex instead of ability. Which those crews made of the dei hires were the ones that made the planes that had serious defects. Now this isn't the only reason for Boeing's problem but not bringing it up means you have a blatant bias and can't be trusted to continue watching
The background music in this one was too loud to properly focus on the dense info at some points of the video.
Anachronistically? You don't mean oxymoronically?
What do you think 'matriculated' means?
the opportunity to make the title 'the downfall of boeing planes' was missed
thank god for sponsorblock filler blocker
Can someone with macro-economics expertise explain to me why Boeing is "too big to allow to fail"?  If a company cannot innovate and fails to compete, shouldn't it fail?  Let the market economy take care of this.  Sure, there will be a lot of pain and may take a decade or more to recover.  Let Airbus fill the gap the best it can.  Ask/negotiate with them to move some of their manufacturing to America.  Someone help me to understand, please!
The worst thing about Boing Boing is that when they absolutely screw up and innocent people die, executives continue to get big salaries, bonuses, golden parachutes,  and stock deals while lying, lying, and lying.  Every time I step onto a Boeing,  I wonder if I’ll walk off or be turned into mush and body parts.
Please, rethink your voice over. Be more calm, subtle.
While in grad school I did some work over at Boeing at a McDonnell Douglas facility.  To say the culture was toxic and adversarial would be a huge understatement.  It had horrible management.
Was the author in Istanbul a few years ago when this same theme was raised at an International Customer Boeing Meeting?
I can see a lot of lough in comments. Yeah, let's lough guys and US will still build over thousand of 5 gen jets already from almost 30 years, and theirs 6 gen is already flying for 5 years. B21 is also 6 gen. How about Rafale and Eurofighter? FCAS? 15 YEARS FROM NOW IF NOT DELEYED... Europeans are around 20 years back in technology. Latest innovation was attached bottle cap (sick!). But let's lough - "Pride come before fail".😢😢😢😢
18:22 from here on *chefs kiss ❤ if Michelin stars were given for YouTubers - you would have earned the first 4 stars right here ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Boeing drives out and beats down the only people who can save it. It’s a fraud fest triumph.
I feel like Boeing is just a case study of capitalism being a system that is inevitably unsustainable and reaches what can best be compared to an aircraft's stall. On an airplane, pitching the nose up is how you climb. But if you pitch it too high, the wings can't generate lift anymore and the plane starts to fall instead of fly. In capitalist business models, reducing production cost and heightening the price is how you make ever increasing profits. But at some point you can't do that without sacrificing quality and no longer justifying the price, complying with regulations, or even having the ability to produce anymore at all, and you start to bleed money and fall instead of profiting.   Boeing is also a case study of capitalism being inherently incompatible with safety, and proof that aviation should not be a private industry. Boeing's interests as a business are incompatible with the standards needed for a safe manufacturer of aircraft.
When are we going to realise capitalism is the problem and it must be stopped
Paused ICBM
DEI simply means die!
NTS 00:17:05
12:37 you know what else is massive?
I appreciate all the United Airlines imagery - my childhood was marked by that gray/blue design (family history in the airline industry)
im also appalled by the lack of gloves in the food prep scenes
boeing fucked with their comrades. that's a sin.
If it's boring I ain't going
But in the end, this is a success for the management of Boeing. Those CEOs intended to maximize their earnings within their lifespan and they achieved just that. Maybe at the cost of ~400 lives, billions of dollars in economic loss and destruction of an American legend. But in their mind, they succeeded.
Sounds like the next Elon Musk take over very soon!
That company imported the Japanese model did great and then realised it was profoundly un-American, and we get where we are today.
interesting point at 17:00
Fascinating.
Why did i have to scroll so much to finally find ppl talk about the truth of johns death
Boeing lost it's way when it merged with MC Donnel Douglas, an aircraft manufacturer with a history of having a profits first, safety later mentality. The DC10 is a perfect example of this. Since the merger, Boeing spent as much as 90% of it's operating cashflow on stock buybacks to maintain it's stock market value at the expanse of R&D and then safety.
IF IT'S BOEING, I AIN'T GOING.
Sad to say that boeing recently bought back spirit and a friend of mine is working crazy hours because of it. Also his rais keeps getting pushed back because spirit has no money.
I'm pretty sure what happened to Boeing, since I saw what happened in the IT world.   1. Managers believe anyone can do the job (but they can't do it) 2. Managers look for the cheapest labor they can find with less restrictions, so they outsource to India 3. Managers don't try to retain their talented people (going back to 1) 4. Managers try to find more for employees to do to maximize productivity, letting quality fall 5. Managers focus on what looks good on the next report, so everything is short term focused and stuff that should get done doesn't get done
You took 23 minutes to outline the most simplistic explanation: old school Boeing executives retired at the height of the company. After the McDonnell-Douglas merger, the Boeing "old guard" slowly filed out the door... while the same shady executives that tanked MD replaced them. Boeing now resembles MD from the late 1980s to 1990s because the executives are the same people.
Boeing did not lost its way,   its America that lost its way.
An american company once held in high regard now fallen from grace due to greed, terrible financial decisions, bad practices and that doesn't care for their workers, costumers and/or users? Gee, I feel like I've heard something similar before...
That one specific airplane company, ahh vibes
The outsourced jobs from India had nothing to do with why Boeing failed. That is solely the American greed that finally caught up that ultimately cost lives. Whether its the QA issues from Spirit or the bullying of the market for Boeing itself their days were numbered. As usual with you Americans who cant grasp reality outsourcing is the only reason America still exist. Look at most fortune 500 corporations in the US and the amount of American engineers is barely measurable. Its NOT bc of H 1B visa program, its bc you people dont go to school, thinking your smart bc of your whiteness doesnt hold up in the real world. American politicians told you a higher education wasnt necessary just get a trade, now you cant get a job without at least a BA bc you drank the kool-aid, thats a you problem, cheers.
having talked to an actual Boeing engineer at my job, the door issue comes down to the airline and/or manufacturer, not Boeing entirely.  They will design a plane with a dual door frame and implementation.  If airline X only wants a single, then their partner or the company that completes the plane installs a door plate to take the place of the second door panel.    So if the company that makes this change doesn't properly install the correct number and type of pins for the dummy door, failures can happen.  Said contractor also is responsible for the proper installation of the hardware for the main door, so again if it is improperly installed a failure can happen.
And now we got jeju crash.. boeing
if they weren't big time CEOs would be locked up. The American way.
And now, we have Jeju Air Boeing 737-800 …. Almost 200 dead.
DEI hiring instead of hiring the most capable candidates.
21:44 🗣️MUSTARDDDDDD
Now waiting for 2025 video about this company 😢
As a small business owner that puts quality and customer satisfaction first, it warms my heart to see greedy companies get what they deserve.
It's like when Delta merged with Northwest and inherited all of the horrible execs that drove that airline into the ground. Now they are driving Delta into the ground...🙈
It was when they squashed other people/ compaies to sell their inferior products that it first became  apparent  what was going to be their end.
the amount of salary the ceo and other members make can easily solve ALL the issues.
50 graphs in 50 seconds
I haven't watched it yet... but being from Seattle... it clearly started when they moved HQ away from Seattle, they removed their leadership from the engineers and put them first with other corporate bosses in Chicago... then with government lobyists and bureaucrats in DC... they stopped being an engineering company and became a stock company and government grift  miner...
"Boeing planes kill people" 737 Max: We'll do better F15EX: Yeah, that's the idea
Oh man Boeing take a manager from Airbus please !
They visited Toyota and studied everything but the quality unit.
Maximize shareholder value > Cut corners > Stuff goes wrong > Lose Money > "We need to make up this loss!" > Maximize sh-
I A M A W is a criminal organisation behind the problems at Boeing, why are they not being investigated?
4:34 something tells me this random factory is not in fact the highest building in the world
Every time I get onto a Boeing on a commercial flight I assume I’ll die so always have my will up to date.  Yes, Boeing executives have focused so much on executive pay, board pay, stock deals, and golden parachutes that the basic company has been destroyed plane by plane over decades.  Do Boeing execs prefer to fly on Airbus planes, knowing they are safer?
Systems Planning and Analysis is also terrible company with toxic culture and incompetent management.
DEI...its not hard
This is what happens when project manager-types have power over engineers.
Outstanding as usual.
But the 787 is not the same as the A350, nor is the 737 MAX the same as the A320. Airbus planes are far better built these days.  It is a real shame how far Boeing has fell since the launch of the 777. As someone that worked for years at one of the companies that owned part of Airbus, I couldn't be more proud, but as an American, Boeing's catastrophic downfall is simply sad to watch.
This is what happens when people are acolytes of Jack Welch rather than Steve Jobs.
Corporate Greed!
What is the music at the beginning
Boeing is spiraling around the toilet and piling more 💩  on itself. If they dont restructure themselves from the inside, they just might Inadvertently make Elon airways 😮😂
Boeing is fucked. People don't WANT to fly in a Boeing if they can take an Airbus.
There are multiple US-based, massive manufacturing companies that used to be the top of their field, but are now on the ropes because of crap management that put investor/shareholder profits over employees or quality products. I can think of 2 right off the bat, and they both are incredibly large contributors to the economy where I live. It will be devastating to the US in general if they can't turn things around, but it will be destructive to the local economy. I don't think I'm overstating things at all when I say that it will effectively wipe entire cities off the map, due to not only the number of people who work directly for these companies, but the countless other support businesses that will disappear without them. If you go to Everett or Renton, its basically impossible not to meet someone who either works for Boeing directly, one of the contractor/support companies, or has an immediate relative who does. I really hope that these companies can re-focus on what actually matters: building quality, reliable products. Profits will come from that. Profits don't come from building cheap shit.
Dei over competence
Boeing used to listen to their workers and encouraged them to speak up and give their input. When they merged with McDonnell-Douglas, they became all about money, instead of putting safety as their highest priority. Profits were put ahead of safety. When their workers noticed that things were being allowed to be done which would make the aircraft unsafe, they were told "It's my way or the highway" by upper management. They just didn't want their workers to speak out and tell them of any potential problem - they'd get sacked instead. The entire ethos of the company changed, were profits were king and everything else - including safety - was much, much further down on their list of priorities. You can see what that led to - dangerous shortcuts like the system on the 737max, where it would automatically put the nose of the aircraft down - no matter what the pilots did. The pilots were not made aware of this and it led to two air crashes, with the loss of hundreds of lives, before Boeing admitted there was a problem. That was inexcusable.
12:53 Whenever someone dangles a carrot, promising it'll pay out in the future, it virtually NEVER happens. It's always jam tomorrow, and tomorrow never comes - it's always today, wuth no jam.
When a small quiet jet plane was being designed in Britain there were discussions about how many bolts should hold on the wings.   Willie Messerschmitt thought that four would be enough based on his experience.   HS disagreed. But it is easier to check that all four are tight than go round eighty or a hundred.  What has happened to the planes designed for ease of servicing.
Cus they couldn't find the doors
DEI is killing corp
Hearing mechanics and technicians referred to as ‘engineers’ is really demeaning. Both to those individuals, as it marginalizes the importance of their respective titles, and to engineers, who typically have a four year degree and are licensed in their respective field.
Everyone knows Boeing needs more affirmative action (DEI). Since 2020, blacks and white women are not only ultra-competent and capable, but they also work really well together. The only reason Boeing is failing is because no white women are running the assembly lines, and fewer blacks are inspecting the white women.  Your analysis is total garbage.
I have not started the video yet. It is paused at 00:00. I will update this comment with the time code when the name "Jack Welch" comes up. If the disease that is Jack Welch's influence flowing from General Electric into McDonnell Douglass through Harry Stonecipher subsequently poisoning Boeing doesn't come up, Then this video is incomplete.  Edit: oh. Wendover thinks that Boeing is still making a good-faith effort to build the best dang airplanes with the tricky constraint of competing in the market, instead of being a stock returns machine that coincidentally works with, like, planes or whatever. Even after they started appointing businessmen instead of engineers as CEOs in the '90s and moved their HQ from Seattle where the planes were built to Chicago in '01. Or looking at the background of those CEOs coming from GE, where the playbook of pumping up short-term quarterly stocks over long-term investments by way massive layoffs and cutting R&D and killing employee benefits was codified. The engineers do indeed have tight constraints that they are forced to work under, but those constraints are artificial, and come from the top.
Ideas did NOT "matriculate" anywhere lol, they probably "trickled" which kinda sounds like matriculate but means something different. why use big words that nobody knows if you are going to do so incorrectly?
It bought McDonnel Douglas and allowed their CEO's on the Boeing board. They then took control of Boeing.
And their whistle blowers commit a lot of suicide
Were the crashes planned ? I smell fish.
Pretty good, but you forgot to mention that more Douglas execs stayed on board than Boeing ones during the merger. Effectively Douglas bought Boeing, not the other way around. And one of Douglas's last acts was to relabel a botched plane as a Boeing...
I don't believe that Airbus and Boeing aircraft are interchangeable. As a passenger, I prefer Airbus aircraft and book my flights accordingly. I don't feel safe in a Boeing.
IF ITS A BOEING I AINT GOING
Walker Margaret Johnson Amy Johnson Deborah
It's a shame that the L-1011 was Lockheed's last/only jet airliner. It'd be nice to have a 3rd option for better competition in the airline market, but alas, Douglas had to undercut the TriStar with the DC-10.
G r E E D
Allen Kenneth Moore Steven Lee Brenda
Pitiful discombobulated video that is ten times longer than it needed to be!  Not worth viewing!
What happens when you put profit over people. If youre not safe, youre not trusted.
CHOOSING MD CEO AS BOEING NEW CEO IS THE MOST WRONG DECISIONS WAS MADE BY BOEING SHARE HOLDERS AFTER BEING IMPRESED HIS PLANS TO CUT ALL PRODUCING COST WITH SAPERATING WORLDWIDE BOEING VENDORS FOR BOEING OLD DESIGNING ON NEW DEADLY BEING SILENTLY MCAST AND MARKETING NAMES MAKES BOEING IS LOOSING A TRUSTS FROM OLMOST BOEING CUSTOMERS AFTER PAIRS OF BOEING BRAND NEW 737MAX CRASHED FOR MCAST FAILURES WHERE BOEING CEO JUST BLAIMING PILOT ERROR.
One word: GREED
So at 15:50  we hear that commercial aircrafts are a commodity.  At 17:01 we hear that returning FCF to investors isn't working, and at 17:45 we get that Boeing is trying to run a Michelin restaurant with a fast-food mindset.  This is an overconstrained problem definition statement.  You can only have 2 out the following 3 (cheap, quick, quality).  Without an open acknowledgement of this reality, they are stuck in the doom-loop.  Promising all 3 to everybody means that suppliers and employees will be squeezed so hard, that the fate of GM beckons.  20 years before it declared bankruptcy,  the smart engineers and suppliers had already left the room.  As for Detroit, the smart money left the room by 1960, just like how the smart money left electronics/computers by 1980.  Mom-and-pop investors and pension funds are going to be left holding the bag.  Going public is a leading indicator of going broke.  Profitable companies stay private.  Six-sigma quality programs are trailing indicators.
Why were they touching the cooked food with their bare hands?
Taylor Donald Young George Williams Sandra
Moore Jeffrey Robinson Anthony Rodriguez Deborah
They need to employ the hitmen earlier, they waiting too long :(
The mistake was letting the McDonnell Douglas executives and bean counters, get control of the board instead of the engineers of Boeing.
You’re telling me it’s not the fault of DEI??? Oh the humanity!
One name: Harry Stonecipher
As Nedry said in Jurassic Park: "Don't get cheap on me Dodgson, that was Hammond's mistake".
The Boeing Company has benefitted from government subsidies, defense contracts, and the US government intervening domestically and internationally on its behalf. It had been setup to succeed, even more so than Airbus. With its large workforce and market share, it has become too big to allow to fail, but it should be restructured.
Won't  somebody think of the shareholders.
Allowing business majors to run businesses kill said business. Its that easy of an answer. Look at what happened to Douglas, NAA, even Starbucks (though the latter realized their mistake before it was unrecoverable).
This aged like a wine
Diversity
The founder of this company is rolling on his grave for tarnishing his reputation
Perez Betty Perez Jason Hall William
Boeing is a money laundering operation. Billions are given to by the government, the executives take a cut, congresss gets a cut and then they produce a few aircraft that the wings fall off.
As far as i see it its only the b737 max that makes boeing seems bad
Merging with Douglas was the problem. Their planes were just death tubes.
Boeing went woke.
9:48 😂lol  couldn't ❌    khrroudnt✔️
Basically, go woke go broke.  This company can't even build an airplane.
Weeeell, they had already moved the factory quite far away from HQ And focus on stocks and cash flow growth was a dying decision
I don't think the analogy to fast food vs a Michelin star restaurant is sound, because the distinction there is much more cultural than it is material. You could absolutely take the output of a particular starred restaurant and industrialize the process of its creation, but it wouldn't be the same because going to an ultra-high-end restaurant is about a lot more than just the food. It's like how people will cross the world to see a painting by leonardo da vinci but if you hang up an inkjet printout of the mona lisa in your living room nobody is going to buy a ticket to see it. On the other hand, as you point out, an airplane is an airplane. Nobody cares if it was made in an artisanal workshop like a yacht or if it was made in 1000 pieces by subcontractors all over the world.
Same old, same old.  To the execs, shareholders and the like; all these poses no problem. They keep all the money and if things inevitably crash, they have safety nets that keep them away from liability. The money source (Boeing in this case) has now dried up and it is time to find the next one. Then they do the same thing allover again.
Wilson Ruth Thompson David White Steven
DEI
Wilson Michael Clark Mary Robinson Sandra
What's with the ridiculous background music? Do you honestly think that people want to listen to this crap while you're having to talk over it? Your video is unwatchable and is unfortunate because it's otherwise well done and informative.
Too big to not fail.
Lockheed Martin is not and was never the builders of the B-2 Spirit. They have enough other cool aircraft to pick from that is not the B-2 lol.
0:43 6.8? I don't even stand up if it ain't 7.5 or more
I'm so happy and joyful that finally people have discovered how trash Boeing is and that Airbus is the actually amazing manufacturer! If it's Boeing, I'M NOT GOING!!!
Where Boeing goes - so does the USA.  Both are plummeting - I'm 60.  I see it.  I weep for my once great Country.
I've got an idea!  Let's hire DEI!  EQUITY AND INCLUSION!!! YESSSSS.
It was on one of my first flight FRA to Vancouver and back probably in 1979.I talked to an American from Seattle sitting besides me. "Why are you flying to FRA from Vancouver and not from Seattle"  "I work at Boeing and I will not fly with a Boeing build air plane"
how about starliner?
chatgpt script
SHUT THEM DOWN ALREADY!
Actually it's just because of DEI and the in-depth research you did in tandem with some of the most experienced aviation journalists out there is completely worthless
Lets go Airbus!
They let the beancounters take control so that the upper management salaries and share holder bonuses would be larger. Profits before everything, safety, employees and REPUTATION.  Anyone that has any kind of business knows that your company's good reputation is the biggest asset you have. Loose it and you might as well close down.
A bit disturbed by all the footage of fastfood workers and restaurant chefs doing everything with their bare hands... I liked to imagine gloves were involved
Brilliant summary, succint, clear and scarry implications; is this a generalized disease process in modern manufacturing?
Boeing is a national security risk. Commercial flight division: loser defeated but Airbus, Space Diversion: loser defeated by SpaceX. Military division, fail, kept alive by the military-industrial complex.   There is a point where enough is enough defending a failed private enterprise that affects national security so directly. Action needs to be taken. It is no longer safe to allow the markets sort things out.
I like how you avoided the fact that they're starting to look like an assassination company
Gravitacijos energija naudojama ir su kosminiais zondais, kada galinga planetos gravitacija naudojama kaip kosminio zondo gravitacijos stūmokliu jis tiesiog pagreitėja be jokios raketos, vadinasi suveikia gravitacija kaip energija .
Kadangi gravitacija yra energija, tada ateityje jie sugalvos kaip tą energiją panaudoti kaip gravitacinių variklių kurą .
I honestly think that an MBA degree is the biggest scam in the history of education and devastates companies that listen to them.
As soon as a company stops being run by engineers, it has begun its decline.
Boeing is doing just fine and American media just sucks!
If you come across this, please send your prayers for my physical and mental healing. Thank you for your support.
Despite a couple of tiny,insignificant errors, this video and its information are spot on! As someone who was so excited to begin a career with Boeing around the same time this downfall began to spiral out of control... It hits home and validates so many voices inside the company who have been saying this for years. Thank you!
At 20:20 There _is_ one crucial difference between Airbus and Boeing. Airbus is virtually a state owned company, with the countries of France, Germany, Spain and the UK having stocks in it, in addition to being the bases where parts of each Airbus aircraft is manufactured. By being virtually state owned, there is less pressure to turn in a profit, and more room for quality. Boeing on the other hand, and especially since the merger with McDonnell Douglas is entierly beholden to private investors.
wow, executives ruining everything with half-cooked, money grubbing ideas? never seen that happen before 🙄
OMG 💀❤
“If it ain’t boing, I ain’t going” *More like* “If it ain’t boing, I am going” 💀
Boeing should purchase Spirit Aerosystems and completely replace Wichita leadership team with qualified personnel with PROVEN track records of technical expertise. HANDS-ON expertise and engineers!
Easy answer: DEI
If I had a nickel for every time a Boeing whistleblower died under mysterious circumstances, I would have 2 nickels, witch isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
Lack of competition
It's all about the money same as our government. Fuck the people
did you know the saying used to be “if it ain’t boeing, i ain’t going”
This is sooo good, thank you so much 🫶🏾🫶🏾
Bro your music so loud it’s disturbing lol
If Boeing never bought MD we would have had the 777x by 2017, the 797 by 2020, and a 737 replacement by today. Right now, we have nothing, besides a few cheaply built death traps.
this is what happens when you prioritize profits and growth over everthing else
DC 10 , 737,
Interestingly the recent Boeing plea deal makes them re-acquire Spirit
DEI and profit are to blame
Its not just Boeing, if you ask me. But all of them.
Best video on Boeing's fall I've seen. Nice job and really nice choice of words.
Boeing can easily recover just by limiting itself to kamikaze planes: they are cheap and expandable, which fits the corner-cutting mentality. And unlike with airliners, no one will complain if they crash, because kamikaze planes are meant to be crashed.
How is every channel I watch linked?
CHINESE TITANIUM AHH
You think an earthquake caused this?  Its 100% greed.  CEO gets 32 mil a year and thats up 45% from last year despite the fact theyve been unprofitable for a decade.  Earthquake?!?  Wake up.
Great video, but it could’ve been summed up in two words: McDonnell Douglas. The evil (yes, evil) management at MD cut every corner they could in their quest for profits, KNOWING they were making dangerous products. “McDonnell Douglas bought Boeing with Boeings money” is very true. This is one of those rare opportunities to place blame exactly where it belongs. Boeing (MD) doesn’t deserve another cent of anyone’s money. I’ll gladly dance on their grave.
Boeing and companies like it need to be banned from the public stock market. Removing the investor invest for this greed would force the company to locus on making an actual safe plane.
The problem with Boeing is the same problem every company has these days, and unfortunately its going to lead to another world wide crash at some point..
B2 was Northrop Grumman not Lockheed
Well.. like multiple whistleblowers and insiders have told us, the CEO is hungry for profit and to push DEI programs. Boeing is rapidly losing its initial talent that made the company to what it was, and they're being replaced by people coming in based on diversity programs, and Boeing themselves has literally said outright that they're struggling to train them. The fact that this topic is not more talked about means this will never be solved, and the safety and quality of Boeing will continue down the shitter.
amazing short doco
Seems like their open door policy didn't quite catch the breath that they've expected for.
I guess Boeing merged with mcdonnelldouglaus
😂
This is all they got.
U.S. Steel is doing the same thing. The problem is the CEO's are vastly over paid. If they put a quarter of their pay into the company and its employees. There would not be a problem
That’s why robots will take over manufacturing jobs
We had such incidents repeatedly 14 years ago and only now they started talking about it,and the company then brazenly denied everything and claimed that this was not a factory defect.
Boeing used to be synonymous of excellence and finest engineering where our parents and grandparents used to work proudly. Today it is "Boing" run by white collars and bean counters only interesting in cutting coners to fully maximize their earnings. Good luck. Before I buy a ticket on line I make sure that the plane I'm flying with is Airbus because "if it's Boeing, I ain't going.".
So.. ..like the automotive industry, another where we strong armed japan into teaching us how to do it bceause our companies comparitvely sucked and were failing behind.  ...aaaand yet another instance of investers and big shots yelling, "We're tired of investing over the long term, hurry up with the profits no matter the risk or cost!" even though delays skyrocketed.  ..and another 3 big name monopoly mess. Great.  I suppose it didn't help when their guy in charge of making that composite skin for their VTOL fighter failed to complete it in time and they lost to the f-35.  Boeing had the better aircraft except for that. All the smoke people keep blowing up peoples rears that the f-35 was better is just repugnant. Lockheeds went millions over the agreed buget for that trial though and the military just let them off, because they are Lockheed. So I can't put all the blame on Boeing, due to favoritism.
There is only one reason for all of this: corporate greed. Engineering marvels aren't created by processes alone they're built by passionate engineers. You can't endlessly cut costs to maximize profits and expect to achieve greatness.
Injection ad bypass timestamp 5:00
I thought that the B2 was a McDonald Douglas aircraft.
by hiring basketball playing ninjas
I think it’s time for Boeing to clean house. I mean by that I think it’s time that Boeing gets all their manufacturing ideas back into one house to set up. Going to subcontractors is ready to get them all under one house under one roll speaking with the management team on how to improve manufacturing process and how to make aircraft more safer, faster and stronger and great for the public and to put safety and quality over quantity. They need to put back into their business because if they can mark my words, Boeing will outdo airbus, but that’s what he needs to do.
i call it boeing sent to the ground
Ok not sure on this but did you say "triculated" at 2:20 or am i crazy. If so triculate is a real word apperantly. It means to beautify or make pretty. So yea...anyways...you helped me expand my vocabulary. Although it was from a grammatical error.
Why can these shareholders understand the profits only come whenever what they sell works? Why'd they always aim for fast profit rather than slow profit but a larger on the long run?
8 minutes and 55 seconds of actual content in a 23 minute video, now I remember why I unsubbed from this channel.
21:31. The B-2 Spirit was manufactured by Northrop, with Boeing, Hughes, and Vought as subcontractors. It was not produced by Lockheed. Although they, along with Rockwell, had an early design proposal that ended up losing out to Northrop's B-2 design. Rather, Lockheed and their notorious "Skunks Works" division produced the F-117, SR-71, and U-2.
angry grandpa getting his revenge
Boeing is going to up it's game - its going to start assassinating bad reviewers too, not just whistleblowers
2 Whistleblowers later…
I will never understand the willingness some people have to prioritize money over other people's LIVES.
Accountants…  There, I answered the question
The cult of Jack Welch continues to damage Boeing.
my big boeing hot take is that we need to break up its monopoly by incentivizing more defense contractors to build commercial aircraft. lockheed martin used to make commercial planes like the tristar and i feel like it's a good way to draw their profits away from the military industrial complex
Excellent video. A small correction though. B2 Spirit is manufactured by Northrop, not by Lockheed.
This is what happens when you let the few on Wall Street absolutely dictate your business.
Boeings fall from grace needs to he studied and taught on what not to do.
Northrop Grumman built the B-2, Not Lockheed.
It was nice knowing you
Coporate greed.
TLDR, $$$$
Assassinating whistleblowers certainly didn't help their reputation, that's for certain.
Nothing is forever. Boeing should pack up and stop aircraft production😂😂😂😂😂
Those who are close to industry and how they operate....can clearly see this as a very core and fundamental problem of internal "corporate culture". Until the "thinking" is drastically altered at the C-level suite....nothing meaningful will result. Those consultants in corporate governance reading this.... know what I mean..... you "walk-the-walk" of the "talk". This is in one way surprising that the current flawed mentality still exists at Boeing nowadays...as its the exact same 1950's era thinking that got the Detroit "Big-3" in trouble facing the Japanese discipline and focus on quality they had....all based on the teachings of an American ( Deming) who brought forth these ideas decades ago, but was at first shunned in America BUT...was embraced in Japan as a demi-God. Therein lies the difference and a definition of the "problem". If the "talk" is quality and safety and the "walk" instead inside the company is "push-production-and-get-the-units-out-the-door" under ANY circumstances.....then this corporate culture will NOT allow the lower level operational "fixes" to take hold. The operational "Fixes" can be implemented, BUT must be supported from the very-top and not just be lip service. Example....the "Toyota system"....allows any production-line worker to STOP the production line if he sees failings in the product...to correct the issues...and not only is he not afraid of C-level or "boss" repurcussions...he is applauded for doing so. In the end...this  results in better product, less "rework" and ultimately an improvement of the bottom line...as counter-intuitive as this may seem at first. Japan learned this long ago.....then much later (after near bankruptcy),  the American auto industry learned this....but apparently other large American corporations like Boeing held on to 1950's thinking and never got the message.
Boeing lost it's way because it was led that way by disasterous CEO McNerney. He came into a beautifully set up and organized company - running well, happy, highly competent technical staff, and he used old fashioned boss versus employees models - and basically wrecked the place.
What if you wanted to build an aircraft, but capitalism was like "line go up faster."
@wendoverproductions Lockheed Martin didn't make the B-2, Northrup Grumman did.
AIRBUS are the masters of the skies, Boeing will not recover for several years
I would have liked to hear more about the attacks on the unions, especially Project Gemini.
American companies are falling victim to American culture
Question. What's safer Boeing shares or flying in a Boeing answer neither they're both going down.
It’s always the shareholders
It’s almost like something as complex as a plane that also needs to be incredibly safe should take a *while* to develop… maybe I’m out on a limb here, idk 🤔🤦🏻‍♀️
Absolutely excellent as always.  Particularly a great explanation of a complexity of building an airplane and arms of the temperature for the most operate union perfection level which it might perform it's actually must hope for the Michigan final chef and the analogy is not that's complex as it needs to be good enough.    I work in automotive engineering and I can tell you that when I will complain manufacturing I'll still stagger how they can do when it's really hard for automotive.  The other thing is that summary at the end of what is wrong and what it takes to get back to where they need to be I just wanted to comment that that is the problem with almost every major manufacturing company and just businesses in general especially in the United States this idea that you can drive to super low profit and everybody out keep cutting people and expect to have the expertise when you need to go back to vertical integration the whole idea of farming everything out in fact mostly is pipe dream especially more complex thing gets.   Yet companies get rid of engineers as reverse and higher marketing manager people and think of everything is just about commercials and then cost cutting and who can just say fire people fire people with other people in the end the little success that they get in the stock price change that they could anyway the parachute bonus that they get when they leave is ultimately not going to be worth it when you crash an entire industry and entire company it's not like somebody can come in and just buy it it's way too complex so it's what you describe just the culmination of almost every businesses poor choice to treat people like crap and think that you can just cut cut and be very efficient what ends up happening if that person retired in the company is dead the industries dead. Bad position This is the stupidity of how people think they can manage companies are refracted to people people are will make your company.
It’s a race to bottom where everyone looses
How did boeing get here?  1) Fired all there seattle engineers and workers (sorry, they offered them fire-dya jobs across the country) 2) Fired all the unions working on anything and moved their building operations to slave states (all southern US states are worker slaver states) 3) Attacked auditors and regulators who called out design/build/etc. flaws (remember the whistleblower murders?)  I would not fly on a boeing anything right now.  Fire the CEO, fire the Board, force a Union back into their life and make it a death penalty offense to attack a regulator regulating your product in your own paid media. 😊
went from Boeing to Booooooo-ing very quick
american "Business engineering" or optimization is short-sighted and doesn't work in the long term.
It started when they moved management out of Seattle
So what's going on here is that Boeing is having poor aircraft production with plenty of proof showing they cut corners and let serious problems slide through production. The 2019 737 MAX crashes that killed hundreds was caused by Boeing cutting corners on costs and using software to trim aircraft. This led to malfunctions which made the aircrafts trim nose down. Then a door flew off an Alaska Airlines flight which was caused by a faulty door plug. They assassinated the 2 whistleblowers because they opened their mouth about these production issues. Now 2 Boeing crashes have just happened during the same week which I'm sure, are from faulty parts.
I've read the problem described thus: MD bought Boeing using Boeing's money, then the MD executives drove a second company into the ground. lol
Wendover is on their list. Just joking.  Good video
The problem is the people that are trying to keep us safe are getting killed.
This is not complicated. Boeing is clearly a Monopoly. By its very definition Monopolies have little or no competition. Like AT&T it should be broken up. Capitalism doesn’t work without competition. Full stop.
One on the reason they did want to kill the C-Series. It was brand new way better aircraft
I was in the children's choir in the ceremony in which Boeing presented JAL with their 100th 747. I learned to drive in Boeing's empty parking lots. I have close friends that worked for Boeing and flew their planes. Growing up I was so proud of this local corporation and always felt safe when I boarded one of their planes. But no longer. I now prefer Airbus. Hopefully Boeing can get things figured out and get out of this rut. ...Thanks Wendover for this great reporting!
"Sheeeiiiiitt, you mean I gots ta tighten all dem fukken bolts? Fuk dat, I'ma leave'em half-unscrewed, make tha plane bounce in tha air, give it dat ghetto look. Put sum spinnin' rims on tha landin' gear."
mustard was mentioned. you deserve a sub
So basically, the problem again was trying to make a profit as fast as possible, instead of just making a good product?  I wonder how many products would be better if the focus was creating something good, instead of making as much money as fat as possible. It's just an inefficient way of structuring production.
Two whistleblowers now dead, what a coincidence
Boing has now killed two people to cover-up there lies. We wathced two men get wacked infront of us...and like true americans they will do nothing, their forefathers would be proud.
Toyota didn't tell the world about their lean just in time model until they were done with it. They moved on.
MRSA is going around. Y'all thought this video was bad months ago?! Look at how it's aged!
I mean no disrespect, and it has nothing to do with being French, but without the D.O.D, Boeing would be on its knees know. If not dismantled... 😬
It’s the environment Boeing is in that resulted in this catastrophe, I really no longer see the point of keeping any Boeing in the air people just lost confidence, people lost confidence in American manufacturing as a whole, and again, it’s the environment consecutive governments have created that put Boeing and others on this course
And then they killed 2 whistleblowers. Possibly more to come. EVIL company
Boeing 737 Max is like the Galaxy Note 7 of aviation, but it’s the company’s actions that makes the difference
Well… this aged like a fine whistleblower.
SECOND WHISTLEBLOWER DEAD. HOW CONVENIENT TO DEVELOP MRSA. QUESTIONABLE MURDER 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Checking out this comment section after the second whistleblower "died under mysterious circumstances".
No need to watch— it’s corporate greed. Thanks capitalism
Spot on with Boeing screwing over Spirit and demanding lower prices . The wanted the suppliers to do all of the heavy lifting while they lapped up the gravy !  Caloun learned very well from his days at GE where they hosed their subcontractors  as well.
I make this simple - bean counters trading safety for profits to make the Wall St crowd happy . Calhoun learned his trade from GE under the Jack Welch era and look how that worked out for GE
If its a Boeing,  I ain't going! Well done, Wall Street! Bravo 👏 👏 👏 👏
Boeing used to be my favorite aircraft manufacturer until the crazy unethical things started happening. Sad to see really, they had such good momentum and screwed it all up in the name of shareholders and profits.  Killing innocent people in the process.  Boeing should be ashamed and people should be in prison for the recent antics with Boeing.
and now they're sending hit squads after whistleblowers xD
I somehow didn’t realize I live 30 minutes away from the largest building in the entire world until now.
Joe Sutter and Bill Allen would roll in there graves!  Moving the head office away from the factory floor was a big mistake. Chicago is a long way from  Renton to make decisions. Putting bean counters instead of engineers in a manufacturing operation never helps. It's all so sad.
Aged well lol
Lockheed isn't the manufacture of the B2..
Oh gee, Boeing "lost its way." The wayward prince. The prodigal son... No. No. No. Boeing is an organism within an ecosystem.  The ecosystem is designed with specific incentives, leading all organisms to an amoral profit morass. The word for this is not "Boeing," it's neoliberalism.
None of the comments are mentioning DEI, interesting
If Boeing wasn't such a rich American company that provides thousands of jobs for Americans it would have been shut down years ago but jobs and profits are more important to America than lives.
Boeing moved to Chicago because Chicago's law firms allowed the killing of customers.
Increase profit, increase profit and increase profit never can work but that is the way short term investors think
ANOTHER TO BIG TO FAIL STORY! After the strike in the early 2000's, they moved to Charleston to save money (retaliation). From experienced  tech(unions) to a place where half the employees can't make a paper plane!
This is your first big miss.  Without mentioning government subsidies, you came to the wrong conclusion.  To talk about development costs and forget that Airbus doesn't have to shoulder the risk that Boeing does is to really bury the lede.
bendover productions
Lockhead Martin have a permanent customer as a cornerstone of the US military industrial complex. So they will never run out of money. Maybe the problem is that the government is too hands off when it concerns important and large industrial companies and should do more to stabilise the businesses.
Boeing needs to be allowed to fail. No bail outs!
If it says “A” you’ll be ok. Boeing? I’m not going
subcontractors engineers are incentivized to make shoddy designs and dont have as skilled of engineers as boeing ... and have poor communication and oversight to the entire plane as compared to boeing engineers .. what could go wrong ??
17:13 wow
FAA is just bones. Deregulation, corruption, profit and greed. Capitalism.
It's so boever
TL;DR: What happened to Boeing? Late-stage capitalism happened.
This cycle.... dialed in company making healthy profit by insane focus on excellent product gets bought by investors who implement the same tried and true ways to squeeze profit by cutting margins and costs leading to poorer products that eventually get uncovered and lead to poor company performance that is then shorted by same investors. You see this in all industry from planes and automobiles to healthcare and computer technology. The worst thing that can happen to some great companies is success. It attracts people who don't care about what it takes to be successful, only what it takes to get their return on investment.
I literally cant believe you didn't talk about Mr. Barnett. The man that whistle blew on Boeings safety concerns, then Boeing literally executed him
It's incredible how John Barnett "killed himself" EXACTLY one month after this video's release.
Can we choose not to fly with  Boeing??? Noooo!
Are you suicidal?
How Boeing Lost Its Way? There's a simple answer to that. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
23 minute word salad that was afraid to criticize boeing harder
Doesn’t take 24 minutes to say McDonald Douglass.
I can agree Boeing has lost its touch, but nothing infuriates me more than some uneducated person saying “if it’s boeing i’m not going”.
A few terrible ppl who have no skills to be doing their jobs and not doing multiple checks and ensuring that all pilots are directly trained at Boeing for a very new model like the max.   But no max as they need to take 10 planes, start from the beginning, check every engineering decision, software, mechanical.  After those bugs are worked out go over entire structure start to finish.  They need a serious QA team who takes everything from every rivet, to every test back down and begin again seriously.  Do not promote ppl who do not know airplanes and every aspect below them.   Boeing has gone the idiotic military route of promotion/replacement, where they think it’s a good idea to throw in the replacements without proper training and let them sink or swim.  This is never ok, even at any job.
So this video convinces me that shareholder economics and  current crony capitalism doesn't create innovation
They might be gluing parts together rather than bolts.  Cheaper, faster, but......
Wait. I'm not an engineer, but I'm having a what I call a mental record scratch moment. This happens to me when I've just been told something beyond the Alice in wonderland, "I can believe 6 impossible things before breakfast"; The SUBCONTRACTORS are designing all the parts, and Boeing puts them together? And that is supposed to actually EFFING fly?  I think NASA needs to do a serious review of the whole moon program.
Whenever I ride a plane, it's almost always an Airbus. And I think to myself, well, it's an Airbus so I feel pretty safe.
Money!Money!Money!..........Moneeeeeeeey!               Sincerely..mcdonnell douglas
I've been recently seeing this trend of MBAs absolutely running companies to the ground. This is happening in every single industry. All at once. Gone are the days where an engineer would rank up from an assistant junior position to CEO within 25-30 years in the company and it became a Harvard MBA degree holder just becoming a CEO in 5-6 years. I absolutely despise this.
the engineering tale. Engineers build something good and the company is successful, but the engineers hate all that business shit. so the MBAs take over and run the company in the ground.
Ah, so this is the power of a commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion...
DEI who cant even make proper holes happened. Thats the crude truth. Go woke go broke
"just get better" -Wendover Productions 2024
Boeing is geusto's from ratatouille
greed > safety
"Capitalism ruins everything" part 100,000,000,000,000,000,001
Boeing died when they acquired McDickless Dougal.
Similar to what's happening in our healthcare system
PLANEDOVER HAS RETURNED
There is nothing inspiring about dictating unfavorable terms to a weakened partner. Whether it is Boeing or USA or PRC or England or anyone else. It is disrespectful, stressful and would eventually lead to a catastrophic failure. Extractive attitude never worked in the past in any form of engagement, and it will never.  Such a mode of engagement will hurt every party. Those who think otherwise are fooling themselves, blinded by their hubris.
WOW
When you start paying $50 for a $200 job there is going to be shortcuts. Instead of actual lubricant grease we use dawn dish detergent. Instead of proper tools we've got hotel card keys. Instead of employees who know what they're doing, we got employees who don't trust the products they're making.
Someone check if this guy is still alive.
the b2 spirit is manufactured by northrop grumman, not lockheed
Read it somewhere else : McDonald Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing' money. And sad to say it is true
Once greed was good....now its deadly....
Lockheed Martin Passenger planes when? 😁
Anyway this is what happens when you put money, profit first over safety, it just finds a way to bite you.
So, chasing profits on a short time-scale didn't benefit Boeing on a long time-scale. Who would have thought ?
Knowing people who work at boeing every plane being built lately is a mess from designs for parts being converted metric and standard so parts dont always line up
This guy didn’t even mention 😢the real loss of the mcas fuck up, the lives of 300+ people, he talks like Boeing. Customers are replaceable, not us fat ceo with million dollar bonuses
They need to replace their marketing team with a few college aged black lesbians. That'll turn it around
His name was John Barnett
It's like that old engineer saying, "You can do it fast, cheap, or good, pick two."
Sponsorskip really struggles with this videos. Kudos to you, sir, for taking the needed countermeasures
15:06 So fish CAN fly!
It might have been good for you to include the other side of Boeing... the military contract side.
The fact that Boeing IGNORED Lion Air request for training pilots for MAX is tragic.
Boeing didn’t loose its way this is the natural conclusion of capitalism
Lockheed did make one airliner, the L-1011, one of the best ever made
I have been with B since Ronald Reagan was in office. It's been difficult to perceive the subtle poisoning of the internal culture, it's like the saying a fish wasn't the first to discover water. Nobody from the CEO to the janitor fully understands all the parts that constitute itself, it took 20 years to screw it up, and it'll take another 20 to fix it. If that's even possible. All of our internal reporting systems (some "anonymous", others not) function as a protective legal arm so they unfortunately only protect the interests of the corporation. I am leaving the company soon, I can no longer hope to change anything, but I wish them the best, for the sake of the employees at the lower levels who did nothing wrong, the fault lies squarely on the shoulders of leadership.
In the comparison to the Michelin starred restaurant, the one analogy you missed is having the passion to create the best food possible.  Engineering at Boeing has been reduced to a “design anywhere, build anywhere” mentality, with zero respect for the art of producing exceptional products.  Boeing’s problems are all leadership related and self inflicted.
Stalin: " No man, no problem..." Boing Management: " No man No problem..." When you take e for excellence out you get: BOING, BOING, BOING.
My grandpa used to be one of the chief engineers at Boeing. He left because he saw the problems starting to creep up and no one listened to him.
It’s more and more obvious that CEOs and Boards with complete and utter focus on profits for shareholders has just stopped caring about safety and regulations and will risk the safety of their customers for the bottom line.  Our lives mean nothing to them.
Too big to succeed.
I can't believe wendover commited suicide
"Corporations are people"  "Corporations create products that unalive hundreds of people"  "Corporations do not go to prison"  ....
Greed and consumers buying regardless of quality made them lose their way.
Watching this video with sponserblock is a trip "skipped filler" a lot, im not sure why
Lemme boil it down to a few words: greed and impatience.  Always the slow and insidious killers that brought everything down to its knees.
Money.
They are an old established company that is subject to "controlled competition" (Airbus)....sort of. They are heavily influenced by shareholders because they don't make any money and carry many years of debt. The federal government cannot let them go under. Right now a door popped out and the entire media from here to Zimbabwe is all over them. GM and Ford do this to their suppliers. It is not good, but please these suppliers aren't mom and pop operations they know what is going on. Boeing will eventually get a guy who will trim out some billions of dollars worth of entrenched management and maybe Boeing becomes General Motors and pay a dividend, if they're lucky.   Big automotive OEM's have been distancing themselves from fan belts, fuel systems and spark plugs for years preparing for the electric car. If you are a muffler supplier and haven't figured this out? You should be out of business and this makes my point.  These big dead whales have to stay. They have no competitive force to make them better and government protection makes it worse.   They are rewarded for poor performance.
I actively check a trip does not include the 737-Max on any leg before buying tickets.
Greed and cutting corners screwed Boeing. McDonald Douglas has F’d Boeing up.
I switched my thumbs down to a thumbs up. Because 5e apology between making air planes and fast food restaurants was pretty good one. Maybe Boeing executives should watch this video. They could learn alot
They crammed huge engines u derneath a wing that was already to low to the ground. Boeing magic is gone
Already I can’t take this video seriously. Are you making excuses for Boeing blaming an earthquake for their issues?  Really. The major problem with Aboeing assembling McDonald Douglas executives into Boeing. That one decision is the catalyst for the fall of Boeing.
P r o m o s m
I heard this quote before once. "When you let accountants build an airplane they will just build air to cut the cost"
As a civilian occasional flyer, the bottom line for me is, "who then do I fly with??"    That's the answer I need.
Easy enough answer:  GREED!
Three letters...DEI
Lockheed-Martin didn’t build the B-2, Northrop-Grumman did. Oops.
D.E.I.   Say it, coward.
Humbug
Companies are forgetting the basics of economy, you won’t make massive profits off of a shitty product… they wanted more profit faster, that’s not how this works, you spend the money, then you start to pay it back while making small profits, then when you pay everything off you make massive profits, they skipped a major part and it cost them pretty much everything lol. Keep it up cooperate, we love seeing you fail!
Capitalism
Workers of the world, unite!
DEI
The wrong people in the wrong positions for the wrong reasons. That is all.
Didn't Boing just kill the whistleblower?
What percentage of their workers are minorities and women, and what was that percentage 20 years ago? Just curious....
Boeing has been building a superior product for over 100 years and all of the sudden they've gone to s*it. As with most problems, follow the money and you'll find your answers.
I purchased a ticket almost a year ago and my trip is now coming up, this is all before all of the issues coming to light.  Now I really don't want to go, but this vacation is planned for 9 months now.  I will never book a Boeing again after this.
Usa companies are losing quality, how long will it be till people start catching up that USA cars are worse than their competition? Iphone since Steve Jobs died has going down, their innovations being removing parts that before were part of the cellphone as a separate part. Wont be long till China or India will be leading technology world
OK, I want to build a great plane that works wonderfully for pilots & passengers & airlines by using experienced people and in-house engineers and quality checks all over with that being the final say-so.  COULD that Boeing actually survive when selling BEST against Good, but cheaper for decades???   Would they lose sales & thus the company itself?
Cargill is a world-wide agriculture shipping company.  It is privately held, no stock.   THEY will say being able to decide what is best for the company & customers rather than what is best for stockholders THIS quarter, is huge.
The laws in the US needs to change from protecting the shareholders to protecting the customer
All the whistle blower's friends and family say they don't believe he killed himself. Boeing looks veeeeery guilty.
From now on I am filtering out Boeing aircrafts when doing flight search and also checking with companies whether they use Boeing. Avoid at all costs, do not wanna risk my family
Just learn from AMD how to do business
competency crisis
If it aint broke…….….
Bendover productions
My biggest concern was those burgers being assembled by bare hands
It's not a Boeing problem, it's an American problem.
Planes are cheaply made so we should expect disaster
One name, Wall Street
Golden parachutes should be rescinded and stockbuybacks need to be banned!
2:45 Boeing 737 sales
So.. The old unitedstater's motto: "Cut costs until your product is ruined".
Their biggest qualitative and quantitative leap of Boeing happened due to a highly centralized, high communication development process. So their choice for decentralization was baffling, and their treatment of suppliers was plain toxic. They truly chose to shoot themselves in the foot.
*cough* DEI *cough*
Problem is the MBA’s.
When ever large corporations (Boeing) become infused with government agencies (FAA) that were created to protect the general public, regulations and oversight fall to the wayside at the expense of the consumer (flying customer). This is how capitalism doesn’t work.
Capitalism. Its capitalism.
Boeing has become the Mafia.
Absolutely brilliant.
Cant believe a weapons company engages in unethical practises
Lockheed-Martin also used to design and produce major commercial airliners, but in the end they ALSO bailed out of the 'civilian passenger' business by the mid-1980s; similar to what McDonnell-Douglas did in the late '90s, though the latter company practically stopped existing entirely.
On paper outsourcing to save money is a decent idea. But just because money is saved doesnt mean an idea or process works. A drop in quality isnt immediately reflected in how much money you're losing.  I blame educational institutions because this happens to many other companies, not just boeing. Someone sees that theres a gain in profit for doing something a new way. People are taught that new way to save money. And then the costs of a lowered quality strikes. And because of the difference in time, its hard to point out that its the process of outsourcing, be it manufacturing or engineering, is where things started to go downhill.  A price cant be put on loyalty. Theres no loyalty to a company thst doesn't sign your paycheck. And having employee loyalty increases quality and profits because theres more passion in the work. Outsource as little as possible and only where you absolutely need to.
A fictional thing, Boeing, cant lose its way.
Rip John Barnett
Great documentary 👍
What caused the dramatic drop in passenger numbers in 2016-17 seen on the graph at 9:15 ? I can't see anything about it on ICAO. Is the scale wrong and that's actually the COVID hit?
The best solution for any company is to go straight private or private equity. Financialization of the economy created these problems
Billionaire greed. Solved that question for you.
I havent watched the video yet but im certain all 23 minites can be summed up by "greed"
So the same root cause as for most problems of humanity: greed.
12:00 So essentially Boeing is now doing business like Nvidia. Got it.
Bloeing*
Now they killed the whistleblower
@Wendover Productions- You should make your next video about the history of Airbus and how it took over the airline market!
Bro, the B-2 was built by Boeing, not Lockheed. 🤦🏻‍♂️
When you prioritise bean counters and stock shares over retaining experienced engineers and build quality, this is bound to happen.
The answer is simple: greed. It's the same thing that happens to damn near every single company. Hundreds of millions per quarter isn't enough. Then billions per quarter isn't enough. It's never enough.
and now they just murdered a man
When will big businesses understand that cutting quality, expenses into R&D and subcontracting by screwing smaller ones NEVER work  Like NEVER
RIP Boeing from Airbus.
Boeing just sounds like a typical American company trying to make money on the back of everyone else
No number of ads will convince most to download Nebula, does anyone really, would you? The biggest challenge here is simply laziness
A mix of corporate greed and incompetence, coupled with a decline in wartime funding, a facet not exposed in this video and probably too sensitive and speculative to be talked about...
This is the 2nd or 3rd vid topic I later see on John Oliver.
Great video, really helped me understand the context of the current news. I am an engineer. Engineers have their own shortcomings, but one thing I can tell you about engineers is that they care deeply about the product they are working on. When you exchange that personal investment and passion for a product for the dispassion and distance of business person who sees all products and all people as interchangeable, you are bound to see a huge drop off in quality.
Boeing's goal is to eliminate the Quality dept completely. Leadership says its not necessary anymore because production has so much integrity. So, I left.
"Lost its way" is a really generous way to say "Got bought out by typical corporate parasites and intentionally driven into the ground for personal gain."  Vulture capitalism wins again, let's never learn anything from this and hold no one accountable, just like we always do.
When the background music to a doc goes a bit too hard and you have to figure out why you are having trouble sitting still.
Stay safe folks fly Airbus🤙
How does ANY corporation lose its way?  GREED takes over.  Simple.
When the upper management guys moved to Shitcago is when Boeing began its inevitable suicide.
*NATIONALIZE* Boeing.  Stop trying to feed 1% shareholders at the expense of everything else.
Boeing's greed or less willing to invest in itself and more on corporate stocks has created,  a market of low bidding contractors - who in turn would have to make cuts on their end.
The simplified answer is not hard to understand if you know economics and human nature. Many companies, including Boeing, are letting the so called "logic of the market" get in the way or even override sensical business decisions, good engineering and even basic decency.  It's like stupidly trying to drive a non-autonomous car only by pressing the accelerator but refusing to touch the wheel or the brakes because you believe that "it's going to correct itself".
Shareholders want faster profit$  Means cutting back on safety, quality and pesky regulations.
Whoever cut down this video to 8min length via SponsorBlock: You are a legend! So much filler in this video, no reason this should be 10+ minutes
It’s as with everything in White countries with degenerating demographics. Yewish funds from shareholders force them to be rabidly antiWhite and hire people based on being of another subspecies in turn to push for eventual 100% diversity, meaning 0 White persons. Being antiWhite takes priority number 1. Safety, quality, even profit many times are secondary.   Another part of it is also late stage capitalism showing its demonic globalist head.
Boeing rather obviously "lost its way" by the time that the executive class imagined moving to Chicago. Technology company management should never detach itself from engineering and production to that extent. Incidentally, Russia is reentering the commercial passenger aircraft market.
Lockheed Doesn’t produce the B-2.
Lockheed Doesn’t produce the B-2.
I can't help but feel the patterns of failure that Boeing has exhibited are simply endemic of American corporations. Where I work things aren't as bad... yet. But, the same mentality applies. Sound engineering is being put aside in favour of rush jobs, cost cutting and short sighted deliverables. Doesn't exactly build confidence that the things we spend our day to day working on will not simply be axed to appease some shareholder and exec that apparently don't have enough yachts.
Watching this right after the suspicious death of whistleblower John Barnett. May he rest in peace.
I'm meant to be travelling on a Boeing flight in August, mark my words, greed is the worst thing to happen to humanity.
crazy what happens when the only motive is profit
You are out of your league on this one.  Most of the facts you gave are correct, but your timing and the cause/effect are completely incorrect.  It's clear you gathered a massive amount of data points for this video, but you don't have the background to understand those data points.
No citation links?
"Disaster capitalism is inevitable because capitalism IS a disaster waiting to happen.'  You can quote me, Ms Anthropy, the epitome of sarcastic rhetoric.
Greed unchecked will cripple the planet
They murder whistleblowers!
Let the Nations who lost people by these irresponsible Boeing Cash Sharks SUE THE COMPANY FOR ALL THEY ARE WORTH😮
condit and board sold boeings soul then all of a sudden stonecifer is ceo and a number of MD execs are in high positions.
Boeing is in it's own DC-10 era now
Error at 21:32 — Lockheed Martin had no role on the B2.  Northrup Grumman was prime, Boeing & Vought major subcontractors.
Diversity, equity and inclusion was the issue at Boeing and we see the same thing happening in medicine but faster. It's already unsafe to receive surgery, including emergency procedures. We're less than a decade out from civil war at this point probably.
Good old US style capitalist greed strikes again.
"Profit at all costs" culture ... how bad does it need to get, to collectively decide to change ?
BUT WON'T SOMEBODY PLEASE THINK OF THE SHAREHOLDERS
hire foreigners and females, get foreigner and female results. simple as.
I was a Boeing Quality Assurance inspector and I could see this profit before quality attitude, initially  they had separate managers one for production and one for quality in our section. Then around 2000 they decided to remove the quality manager and put the whole responsibility on the production manager and told him to wear different hats for different decision's. (ie Production hat, Quality hat) Problem is when production is late cause due to non conformance and your job is on the line, what hat will he put on?
Well well well, how the turn tables have
By greed and cutting corners while top people getting 100 million dollars bonuses
I worked at Boeing as a contractor and lasted about a month before I reported them and quit.
Whoever loves money never has enough; whoever loves wealth is never satisfied with their income. This too is meaningless
Hiring a hit man to silence a whistleblower which in turn will scare the DOJ away from persuing an investigation is a bit more than "losing their way."
Boeing killed a guy
AND NOW THEY'RE KILLING PEOPLE BEFORE THEY GET DEPOSED
Maybe there wouldn't have been such a cost-cutting mindset if so much of their cash reserves weren't used for massive stock buybacks
This aged well...
The guy that was supposed to put in the bolts had to go take a piss at the end of his shift, so he didn't put in the bolts. The inspector never got the paper work to come inspect it, 'cause the bots weren't put in. The FAA guy signed off on it, because there was no inspection sheet, saying anything was wrong.
Amazing you're telling me jackoffs on Wallstreet don't know how to run businesses, and the only thing they do is cut cost and suck profits out until they kill companies that were once juggernauts. Unheard of sir.
I just learned about a Boeing whistleblower who committed suicide during an investigation and Youtube's algorithm decides to be funny 👀
Good old fashioned greed again
Socialism is an empty promise that does nothing but consume our humanity and all that gives society any liberty and good. Socialism pokes holes in the tites but blames the manufacturer.
The video below this video was "boeing whistleblower found dead" .. interesting
TL;DR They got greedy and outsourced.
Well trained crews from Everett Washington but bean counter found they could get cheaper taxes if they moved the plant to Timbucktwo . So good bye well trained crews and welcome new employees who are taught to do everything the fast cheap way . Idiot management
Boeing went as far as to kill the Whistleblower
The greed of the few will always be the downfall of the many. This is and has been a disgusting trend in America, and the world as a whole. Historically, it has been the downfall of great civilizations. That is also the way America is heading. The question is, are we at a point of no return yet, and if not, when will we reach it? The selfish, greedy, shameless execs won’t change.
Crazy that this pops up the day I learn that they had a dude assassinated
This is about 40% too much AI for my taste.
management fucked up. Again, their business is build planes not impress investors, and here we go again they chose not to build planes
So anybody catches on the news about a boeing whistleblower conveniently passed away before testifying more evidences against them?  This company is now turned into a mob racket.
I think John Oliver watched your video
They let the McDonnell Douglas Air Disaster and Murder Emporium take over Boeing and replaced the engineers in charge with businessmen, of course it went to shit. Capitalists don't care if they kill people with their cost cutting as long as it's cheaper to pay the legal fees for murdering them than it is to put out a safe product
How did Boeing stock do today? Just curious.
This aged quite nicely
Yo to Hito iyo
09:39: Was Boeings finances tied up in getting 787 flying, or stock buybacks to pump the price for the only people that counts, shareholders?
They killed the whistle-blower
Youve mentioned the same information as the recent john oliver video, but the way they presented the information was easier to understand. Please look into it.
Weird i got recommend this video after that whistleblower mysteriously commited suicide
Here after the whistleblower "committed suicide". Damn.
Fun fact  Boeing is founded by a German and originally named Böing.
Oh, now it is the fault of the subcontractors??
Interestingly enough, this story was just highlighted by John Oliver on Last Week Tonight.  After watching your video, I have to wonder if the show consulted with you on their segment.  The similarities are either suspicious or collaborative.
These are just pretty much the straightforward decisions made in a capitalist economy. At every point, Boeing execs did what they were trained and paid to do: make more money.
The 777 program was peak Boeing in the early nineties. It's amazing the Chinese, despite catching up on pretty much everything including military plane carriers, still can't build a large civilian plane. It just tells you how exceptional Boeing (and airbus) work was in the second half of the 20th century
Awesome video I hope Boeing regains its footing
I buy plane tickets based on avoiding Boeing
I don’t understand what video’s recommendation is - OEM vertically integrating? Where’s the evidence this would drive better parts/innovation/efficiency?
How precious that Boeing adopted Japanese policies EXCEPT WELL KNOWN QUALITY PROGRAMS. Boeing JETTISONED it's way to change to profit-manic, mostly because Upper Management were unfit to run a SAFETY oriented company.  They adopted the McD/Douglas sleaze act instead of maintaining the Boeing Way.
Greed and incompetence.
It’s also DEI, having unqualified people in key positions comprised safety!
The B2 is a Northrop Grumman product, not a Lockheed product.
Not only that but Boeing pretty much pressured the US Government for the last Embraer aircraft to not be able to be sold in US' soil because it was too efficient and economical for Boeing to keep its' hold on the regional jet market. Guess what, it backfired. Horribly. Airbus bought Embraer and now they have a miracle of a regional jet and another way to screw Boeing
14:30 Airbus and embrear have also stolen capacity from Boeing's suppliers, which Boeing now lacks
sounds like some antitrust laws need to be dusted off.
The reality is collapse of US innovation for cultural battles
Maybe Airbus should take over Boeing.
If you’re Boeing competition you must be extremely happy because your main competitor is constantly shooting itself in the foot.
19:54 pretty unrelated but one of my grandfathers was the one who piloted that Yak40, he showed me the footage long ago, surprised it made it here.
back to the video after John Oliver said the same words as you.... Kudos
The amount of dancing around saying "letting profit motive and the market drive everything is bad actually" here is wild. Don't worry, shareholders aren't the problem
Complex systems in crisis mode
The downfall all started from Mr. Hands
DEI
Let us not forget the elephant in the room. DEI.
Did Last Week Tonight completely steal this video, or is it just CRAZY timing?
Local company discovers you get what you pay for.
That's why Airbus is superior to Boeing. I loved the Airbus A220 because of its 3+2 configuration in Economy Class. I also loved the Airbus A330 and A350 due to its 2-4-2 configuration in Economy Class and its belly and tail cameras, respectively.
Late stage Capitalism in its rawest and most blatant form.
Thanks for pronouncing Spokane right ❤
With the likes of Nikki Hailey no wonder Boeing is doing so hot lol
Coming from Coldfusion...this just makes one blush...same content...but Wendover....blew it out the water....👏👏👏
Last week tonight did a video on the company too.
This Happens when Monopolies Get Exposed…😂😂
DEI maybe
When you really think about it, how much have airplanes really changed in the last 40 years?
I’m starting to believe that John Oliver’s team watches these videos and produce similar ones on their show. Specifically from the dollar general video to the Boeing video LWT aired a similar comedy version that contains the same talking points.
The fixation on earnings per share has ruined quality and decimated the middle class.  Enough is never enough for the ultra rich.
Fantastic wrap-up how short-sighted (emphasis on) shareholder value and cost-cutting down quality and trust. I hold a business degree, this I recommend every student to watch.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
Each day provides its own gifts.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
Too much DEI
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
MARCH 1ST, 2024 "FAA Identifies Anti-Ice System Issues in Boeing 737 MAX, 787 Fleets" "Boeing in talks to buy Spirit Aerosystems"
Boeing took a page out of the Ford and GM playbook with their supplier management philosophy. You'd think  that in all the case studies they looked at, they would have looked at how well that actually went for others who tried it...
YOU KNOW WHO TO BLAME? COMMUNISM!
The comparison to chefs is not applicable. Commodities by definition are not unique, perfect designs. It is not enough to build one perfect plane. You have to build many of them over and over.
MCAS wasn’t so much a "fix" as a crappy workaround…  Also, Boeing’s xenophobic "leadership" despicably blamed foreign pilots/training for the two 737 MAX 8 crashes triggered by MCAS activation that forced them into nosedives.  This reflects the arrogance, irresponsibility, and bigotry of Boeing’s top brass.  Causing preventable deaths in the name of maximizing profits amounts to a form of evil.  There doesn’t seem to be a single American company anymore that greedy, shortsighted executives cannot corrupt.
Correction: the B-2 was designed and built by Northrup, now Northrup Grumman. But you could have said the same thing about the F-22 Raptor.
Great video!  But your thesis is not the whole picture!  Read the emails from Boeing in the wake of their 737 Max disaster and Congress testimony.  It was the push for "diversity" that put people into managerial positions of power that were unqualified to make the decisions they were making.  You'll see THAT across corporate America and even see it mandated in law.  California requires all executive boards to be at least half women.  Do they require all blue collar work to half women?  Not a chance.
Along with government contracts comes a fatal dose of DEI.
For any business, if it start to set the profit as highest priority, thats when the future fate of company was fully sealed
Well Airbus is not exactly awesome this days either.
The problem with business in the West is that even if a company like Boeing had a CEO that didn't sacrifice safety for short-term profit, he'd be ousted quickly in favor of a CEO that would promise higher profits.  It's the system that is broken. The CEOs are just money-hungry psychopaths that this system selects to rise to the top.
Why cant Boeing just go back to making the regular 737 800's or 900's ? At least they were safe and people like to fly on them.
Obama, dnc, diversity, followed who/CDC lies instead of Law, Forced Mandates(masks), msm…. that’s What happened.
Hiring for Diversity over Merit.   I’m all for equality but not at the cost of quality.
Unfortunately every company in every industry is trying to build technological marvels out of the cheapest parts they can find. That's why stores are flooded with high performance products with terrible reliability. This can't be the case in aviation. It is an industry held to higher standards. Eveyone in aviation from pilots, dispatchers, flight attendants, controllers, etc is trained to be responsible and reliable and we need that same dependability from our manufacturers in order to uphold our reputation of safety.
Please don't use music in your videos again. Oof.
21:30 Nit - The B-2 is a Northrop Grumman product, as is the new B-21, not Lockheed Martin. LockMart makes the F-22, F-35, and F-16 (since they bought it off General Dynamics).
The restaurant-manufacturer allegory was great! I don't know too much about the plane industry, but that made me understand it a lot! I also see the cost-cutting, outsourcing and general lack of care for the planes as a wider trend in corporations now where executives care so much about bringing numbers up every quarter they don't realize that they've brought down the quality of their products and working class people pay the price. Imo what would fix this is strong unions, ensuring enough well-trained staff are on the job and that they can stop the assembly line if they see a crucial mistake. Safety should come over profits no matter what.
This is capitalism at work.  In order to keep getting shareholders and investors ever greater profits, the only solution is to keep cutting costs, even when that hurts the long term profitability, because capitalism's main concern is short term profit over everything else. This is happening to company after company after company, because the most important thing is that the owners and people in charge get what they want.
Those gender and race hiring quotas are working out fantastically !
When Boeing got McDonnell Douglas there really wasn’t anything left.  Letting the executive leadership that sunk McD hang around to change Boeing leadership decision making is as stupid as it sounds.  After you wreck your car driving like a jackass would the tow truck driver hoist your car and have YOU drive the tow truck?  I worked for Boeing early in my career and that was the beginning of a shift around the launch of the 777 to be a shareholder value driven company that happened to make airplane instead of an aviation driven company that happened to make money. They are definitely not a company run by engineers anymore!  When profit comes at the expense of sound engineering - people die - and the profits die too.
It sounds as if Boeing tried to apply Walmart tactics with their suppliers.
why does he talk like this
Airbus is the AMD to Boeing's Intel of the aircraft world
As someone who worked for boeing for a while, they now care much more about identity politics and putting up trans flags instead of making quality airplanes. Any love boeing had for their workers died after the McDonnell Douglas merger, thats when everything went downhill fast.
Airlines are expected to maintain their planes. This wasn’t software. The door thing is lack of maintenance
I can save you 23:18 seconds of being lied to. Its because of Diversity Inclusion Equity policies imposed by jewish owners at places like blackrock/vanguard mega corp.   The people that are skilled and knew what they were doing have been pushed out of all leadership roles which led to massive brain drain and worker fatigue as incompetency grew and they were replaced with more and more low IQ staff to fill the void.   You now have a ground crew that is over paid for their actual qualifications that now means nothing as they need to hand them out to hit quota hires.
When engineering companies bents toward accounts and economics instead adding technical values to their products... Happens with the automotive companies decades ago with their losing battle with Japanese automotive companies... Stupidity in their leadership...
I think most of the world has missed what many believe is the REAL cause of the current state of Boeing. The failure occurred because of one person - Phil Condit. He pushed for and got a merger with McDonnell Douglas (MD).  For the 5+ years before the merger, McDonnell Douglas had been in a near constant downsizing state. They were constantly struggling to compete in Military and Space ventures, and squeezing commercial airplane manufacturing. The manager-heavy company had fierce competition for management jobs, which basically trained some to be very successful at beating other managers doing basically the same jobs. In essence, MD basically inadvertently set up a management training program in survival.  In the meantime, The Boeing Company was spending millions on training every employee in the company to reduce/eliminate waste, be more efficient and effective, and to reduce as many problems in the day-to-day business as possible. Management was trained to be more open to working together regardless of specific job roles, to improve processes whenever practical.   Then the Merger occurred...   In effect, you had MD managers that had been trained for the preceding 5+ years to "survive", mixed with managers from Boeing that were trained to improve processes, reduce waste, while keeping costs manageable. It was literally like putting a bunch of sharks in a take of fish. Within a few years, 60% of the original Boeing upper management left the company. Within 10 years, 85ish% were gone! MD literally took over the company by taking over management! Boeing as you stated, was pushing to keep related groups together, so that work synergy could be done as efficiently as possible. You could walk down the hall or to another building nearby, to talk with cohorts, to solve issues. After the merger, and the MD management takeover from within, they started doing exactly the opposite. They started splitting groups and organizations that cooperated previously, into different locations, all over the United States. Cooperation became limited to online meetings and phone calls.   Had Condit kept Boeing on the path they were before the merger, Boeing could have selectively hired MD engineers and even management to deal with the increased workloads and retirement concerns that were becoming issues in Boeing, as McDonnell Douglas became smaller and smaller. There was concern that large numbers of key employees would be retiring as they reached retirement age. They could have relocated people to where Boeing has been historically located.
Aren’t they following diversity when hiring instead of safety?
Boeing seems to be desperate for employees. Last year Embraer and trade associations filed a lawsuit against Boeing in Brazilian federal court for hiring local engineers and predatory practices.
Wokery not mentioned. Dislike.
would you fly on a plane if you knew it was made by minimum wage workers with ZERO benefits?  GO AIRBUS!
I'll save you 20 min of your life   GREED GREED GREED GREED GREED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GREED will be the death of humanity
So let me summarize, it ALL happened case "investors", aka, wall street, wanted returns faster and bigger. That led to all the supplier practices, bla bla. Yup. Wall street is at the center of it all.
poor American quality brands Do not buy
talk about Chinese cars manufacturers international expansion
what makes boeing great isnt commerical aircraft
If it's Boeing, I ain't going. ✈️
9:11 What happened in 2017 with passenger numbers???
I worked for them in Seattle for 14 years and watched it go from a company that rewarded workers, who in turn rewarded the company with record profits and the best airplanes in the world to a company where a greedy CEO changed the corporate model to that of GE. Everything became outsourced, safety standards were lowered to save the shareholders money, humiliating workers, busting unions, mass and repeated layoffs and here they are. The greedy CEOs of the last 20 years have resulted in this. Funny how their greed has destroyed them from within. I fly Airbus now.
The myth that a company can have ever increasing profit growths year after year is so ingrained in the corporate culture is the ONE reason why there are even quality problems coming out in their products.  How does one increase profit without increasing production rates? Well, by cutting costs. Unfortunately, the one that's easiest to cut are the staffing. And in Boeings case, they cut the wrong ones. They cut out the one loss leader they can't do without: quality inspectors.
Some of this behaviour is what I am learning NOT TO DO as an Industrial Engineering student focusing on Supply Chain Management and soon starting my masters in Production Engineering. The fact that a huge company like Boeing did this, long after people figured out that it is hurtful, is so strange.
@3:00 I know the man who did that for Boeing
in short: "Hey, we bankrupted the last company with this strategy, LET'S TRY THAT AGAIN!" That's what you get when your only option is to fail upwards as an exec. And they will do it again.
Great video, there is only so much you can pack into 20minutes. What I missed is the whole thing involving the Quality defects on the outsourced factory in Charleston, South Carolina...
my balls stink
How was it that executives with McDonnell-Douglas were able to stay on with Boeing post merger if M-D was financially weaker? Additionally, what made Boeing executives think it was a good idea to follow the business plan that sank M-D in the first place?  Finally, why doesn't Lockheed-Martin have a commercial airline division? It seems to me if they wanted to break into the commercial market they have the resources to do so without hurting their military contracts. And seeing that Boeing is struggling while having a respected name in the aviation industry, if L-M wanted to make such a move it might be very lucrative to do so.
When you can't anymore force contracts under the menace of military intervention you must have a good product. 🤷🏿‍♀️
We already know… DEI
Nowhere did you mention that Airbus is heavily subsidized by governments and has a higher tolerance for being right in cash?
Fun fact: I could’ve been on that plane that lost it’s door. It was going from Portland to San Jose, something I do a lot as i live in Portland and have family in cali. I also flew on a Boeing 737 Max8 recently.
That's not the Boeing that created the B29, B52, B707, 727, 747
Nothing inspires confidence like, "Welcome aboard this aircraft. 90% of the parts suppliers for this plane don't make any money."
The lack of players in the commercial airline industry is a huge issue, just as the lack of domestic commercial shipyards is a huge issue.
Lockheed didn't make the B-2! Northrop Grumman did and Boeing had a large role in the airframe!
Many of the Michelin starred restaurants lose their stars over time, much like Boeing has done.
My best pot-smoking friends when I was a teenager with supervisors at Boeing, when I did sheet metal work in Seattle for Boeing subcontractors I would lie on inspections, the same shack my mom bought for $19,000 in 1975 has never been fixed up and is now selling for a 1/2 million, my jealous aunt was able to have me put in juvenile prison for no reason, Seattle is a piece of ship I worked at 5 Boeing subcontracting places in 1996, and 7 and 4 were messy hackshops Wichita, overland Park, the mysteriously liberal part of eastern Kansas would be an ideal place to live what are doing for colleges that specialized in math and getting some robots down there?
When it comes to product development listen to your engineers not the MBAs.
And then there are the relevant things that you can’t talk about on YouTube without getting banned that are dragging companies across America.
We forget the risk bad engineering can cause, especially losing lives. No fundamentals. Not treasuring the skilled people. We forget it is the people in the company that makes a company. Get right people and manage them.
B-2 is not Lockheed. It is Northrop
DEI destroying so many American companies.
18 minutes they are wearing masks but not gloves
Wait, BMW made Jet Engines?
Hat to break it they are not going anywhere  we might see price war between competitors and companies will go cheap option
The sentence at 17:04 is extremely well written and narrated.
i now only book flights that is not a boeing 737 max
Nice piano music in the beginning
Diversity and inclusion 23 minute video shortened to just a few words
Ask that prick McEnerney!!!
I work in a huge company and I’m in charge of managing costs and relationships with our tier 2 suppliers. We learned the hard way you never push you suppliers to the brink of unprofitably. It makes things so hostile and eventually the relationship fails. We’ve gotten better. Boeing doubled down lol
McDonnell Douglas airplanes were incredibly unreliable and unsafe, the fact they "merged" with Boeing was foreshadowing.
I'm a supply chain professional with experience in manufacturing, currently in charge of both the supply chain budget and making sure  everything we need is procured. Quality and engineering are integral to our processes at the company I work for. Engineering and quality are fully available and involved with our suppliers, with issues that occur during and after the procurement process, with design...
The answer is hiring minorities
It’s called diversity hiring instead of hiring the most qualified candidates
How were contractors supposed to make more money long term if they changed suppliers on a whim?
DEI  Fixed it for you.
Just make sure they go bankrupt - no bailouts
Welder fabricator of 18 years. Been working for a company that does nuclear/power/military/aerospace for the past 5+ years - I can assure you, this is totally normal.  Management is full of a bunch of dingleberrys only worried about production and their bonuses, quality goes out the door. Nepotism is absolutely wild these days, the state of many industries is not surprising at all.
had their been american pilots then those 2 planes would not have been downed....perhaps the most racist comments I have heard....
Short answer: they have a finance guy as the CEO.
information hazard written by chatgpt
I’m sorry did you just attribute the B-2 Spirit to Lockheed Martin???
Diversity hires.
More than half as interesing as I expected.
Its crazy that all the new tech and safety regs + more and more sticter regs that before all this Boeing was the safest maufacture ever. Then after all these regs to try and make some more money they cut corners and safety with it. It's mental what these new investors will do and put people's life's in dangerous for some extra pennies.
condit sold boeing’s soul
Gee, you have it all figured out, song you.    You should write a letter to Boeing’s CEO, telling him what all Noeing’s problems are.
Thank you so much for making such an interesting video, although this video isn't focused exactly inspiration it still managed to make me grow an interest for engineering. I might even take a course for engineering next school year!
Boeing is a symbol for everything that is wrong with America.
When it all comes down to it, there is only one thing to blame: Corporate Greed. They are so worried about the short-term profits to appease their shareholders, they are willing to risk human lives for it. Anyone who owns Boeing shares in their portfolio should know that the profits they made on their shares are nothing short of blood money. The 737-MAX crashes in Ethiopia and Indonesia could have been avoided, but Boeing QA was under immense pressure to deliver for one reason only: Share prices. They did not want to postpone more time, and losing more airline orders to Airbus, so they did everything to get the plane approved by the FAA.  I still trust Boeing's quality of MOST of their aircraft, and I will board the 737 Max no problem..... but the problems at Boeing are a direct result of corporate greed, and the toxic management that had nothing else on their minds but that.  If I was a startup airline, and I needed a few narrowbody aircraft to start..... I'd buy a few A321-Neo's at this time.
I guess they're really doomed after all... everyone is already talking about them like they're already history.
This boeing business culture is just what american business culture has become. Not just boeing is suffering this problem, boeing is just a well covered example.
"Cost conciousness led to cost overruns that led to further cost consciousness..." So that all its focus went where it was failing most.
B2 is made by Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin. You should correct that.
When is Boeing going to hire Sam to consult!.
Yet again, a victim of late stage capitalism.
Ideas don't "matriculate down to the factory floor". That's not what that word means. Hire a copyeditor and stop yanking it so furiously to airplanes all the time.
Boing simply lost to Airbus and tried to hide it with political, national supported, profitable deals, while they were not able to bring up an adequate new plane with better fuel reduction, while Airbus pressured them with their plane, the A350 to this day nearly not even contested in this field. This year Airbus announced, that they will change the R-R Trent and will cut once again 10% of their fuel use for their planes.  Boing is not reacting in this field, because they expect some markets to buy Boing, because they are "American", but this will just sink these airlines with their company in the long run.  Western states will incriese the prizes for flights and airlines want to reduce the amount of fuel, because the states will use the fuel to push taxes on their flights.  If an air-plane uses to much fuel, the flight will become in western states no longer profitable. Airlines with better fuel-reduction strategies will simply replace the Boing-buyers OR the American state has to artificial hide this trend by ignoring western environment standards or to step in, for some time with higher subsidies the lack of actual success of these airlines.
Safe and reliable? boeing has left the chat!
Accountants. This analysis is brilliant. Modern management in the west has failed and is destroying the economy.
By not optimally defeating gravity
Seems like this is the same story for almost every major company in the last 10 to 15 years, prio shareholders run quality into the ground.
"This went poorly."  Is this a boeing catchphrase now?
There are a lot of employees that can be found at the bikini coffee stands before work and bars during lunch and more clubs after work. the latter portion of employees ive met (none of which were in those settings) are people who dont take there job seriously and bring it up often to fuel there ego. Honestly, if anybody was paying attention, they would have  known innocent lives would be taken. Allowing such immature and predatory people to manufacture such complex machines just wasn't going to work. Forget supply and demand. If they can't even make a plane properly, function. Materials are still wasted and lives are still taken. Such a horrifying situation for everybody.
I hope they hear you. I hold Boeing close to my ❤️.
Putting the bean counters of disgraced McDonnell-Douglas in charge of Boeing sure was an... idea. Put the guys who brought us the DC-10 'deathtrap' and couldn't sell anymore planes in charge and they bring exactly that to the table. Now Boeing is taking on McDonnell-Douglas' disgraced reputation as well.
Boeing is broken, how is it supposed to build up three or more decades of trust within one or two years with less money than the last time?
So Boeing studied how the Toyota and other Japanese companies operate and they did well to institute the proximity model and JIT material flow.  Great.  What they did not pay attention to is the supply chain principles of TPS.  I know it well.  It is all about long term relationships, and also making sure good suppliers are profitable.  Airbus gets it... Boeing is run by ex-Detroit failed execs.
The most horrific claim by one of the whistleblowers was that they were putting rejected parts in airplanes to avoid delays in manufacturing.
They'll bounce back. Boing.
That analogy with Michelin star restaurants is complete nonsense.
I'm assuming by plane?
ex-Boeing employee here. Just want to say that they are a good company, and for the most part, treated me very well. It's indeed an institution and I hope they rebound!
Bendover productions
Why the MASKS , aka face diapers in the video?? 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤦
21:29 Actually the B-2 Spirit is by Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.
18:54 Well, their product may have to be on a level of a Michelin-starred restaurant, but their customers expect fast food prices and service.
So basically Boeing tried to imitate Apple and started badgering its suppliers. Maybe even worse Boeing started to imitate Walmart which does the same thing by bullying and threatening small town businesses and governments and demanding enormous tax breaks that other businesses dont get and are forced to close once WalMart opens. The result for Walmart is a permanent underclass of people who cant buy a home but can afford a flat screen television. For Boeing it's multiple crashes and decline.
You know, Lockheed abandoned the commercial airliner business after their last airliner was behind schedule and no better than its rivals that were already available for sale, and eventually exited the commercial airliner market. The last large body aircraft they produced was the C-5 Galaxy for the military. It would truly be hilarious if Lockheed ended up being dragged back into the commercial airliner business somehow; maybe through past partnership with Airbus, so now they'd be producing licensed copies of Airbus commercial airliners locally.  On the other end of things, it'd be just as hilarious if Boeing is bought out by other rivals. Mitsubishi would be a majorly interested buyer, given their ambition to make their own regional and eventual international jetliners (and they've already bought Bombardier's business jet stake, IP, talent, and facilities to reset their own local/business jet program), and Boeing's civilian and military cargo planes would be valuable to Mitsubishi as well. Or Embraer, who is also trying to get into the larger commercial airliner market.
Boeing is just one example of what is fundamentally wrong with the modern world. Too many people expecting an increase in what they get to take out with no real investment in the future. Not just money, but in people, in skills, in creativity, in society.  When some asks “What’s in it for me?”  The reply “A better world. A better future for our children” should be good enough.  But everyday we seem to move further away from reality in favour of what looks good on paper. When you’re manufacturing a lawnmower that doesn’t last a year, it’s not such a problem. But when it’s a car or an aircraft, the deaths start to be an issue.
cheapskates spend twice for half the gain
Gonna go ahead before watching and guess this video sidesteps all the unqualified women, diversity hires, and focus on sodomite bullshit at the manufacturer's and blames it on the boardroom at Boeing.  Yep sure did.
Business majors in charge of an engineering company is a recipe for disaster.
How? By putting McDonnell Douglas's bean counter executives in charge of the company.
Great presentation
Leaving orange county  and abandoning thier employees for cheaper real estate and labor was thier first mistake.
I always wonder how big companies pay workers when they're "losing billions"
Give me an Airbus over a Boeing any day. Anything that exists today as a Boeing product is either, not originally designed by them or a product that was developed when they were actually known for quality.
Your Nebula keeps refusing my card as payment. Been using it for 7 years in Germany and abroad without even single issue, except Nebula does not like it. I am certain it is Nebula's problem. Find a proper card payment provider, before peddling that in every video.
Boeing lost its way in the 70s when it started laying off thousands of people I'm f****** over familys
I read the title as booing. I was very confused and clicked on the video because of it
McDonald Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing money. Boeing Defense runs completely differently & therefore has a completely different track record. If they’d oust the McD C suite & get back to Boeing core principles, they’d be the industry leader they once were again.
TL;DR, the american capitalistic mindset doesn’t work with safety.
Except Northrop built the B-2
Now why would airlines still buy planes from boeing if airbus is miles better?
We simply can't rule out pilots as a factor.  The Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines 737 MAX accidents both were a result of poor pilot experience.  In one case, the pilots turned off MCAS as instructed, recovered the aircraft, and then proceeded to re-activate the system and get themselves and their passengers killed.    The fundamental difference is that here in the US and Europe, pilots have a very different mindset and outlook on aviation than almost anywhere else in the world.  We see a switch, we want to know what it does and how it interacts with the aircraft's systems.  Not so in other parts of the world.  A pilot being told, 'Oh, MCAS?  Don't worry about that' here in the US would then say, 'No, I do, what's it do.'  Additionally, I have seen this in my own flying career: pilots are forgetting how to fly.  We're becoming systems operators and button pushers rather than pilots.  Take a look at modern training aircraft at major flight schools like ATP or the collegiate programs in the US.  You'll see some of the same airplanes, though the avionics are almost universally digital panels and many of the aircraft have autopilots.  Some collegiate programs use Cirrus aircraft, which in my opinion breed complacency in pilots for a number of reasons.  None of these are good aircraft to teach basic flying skills in, and many pilots leave those programs and go work in aircraft with vastly less knowledge than is necessary to be safe or effective.  Some have no clue how to fly traditional round-dial panels and transition to those from digital aircraft avionics and suddenly have no idea what's going on when they're getting paid to learn.    An example, at my previous company, we hired several pilots out of a major flight school in the United States to ride the right seat in private jets with advanced avionics.  They were low-time pilots (sub 500 hours) and few were flight instructors.  They were almost universally poor pilots, were overly autopilot reliant, and one of them was assigned Live ATC listening hours because he couldn't talk on the radios, which he *should* have had to show he could do for his certificates.  Further, we received limited type-specific training from the company.  If we had had an emergency in one of those aircraft, and the company had had a new First Officer in the airplane, they would have had an accident.  Period.  The same is true for the accidents involving the 737 MAX and MCAS.  We as an aviation community need to do better, act like professionals, be proficient at our craft, and perform as such.
This guy talks like hes capt kirk😂😂😂
Boeing trashed itself, yep ghey should go to past prsidents and take their back money.
“Boeing is trying to be a Michelin Star kitchen with a fast food mindset.” - 10/10 quote
So 737 is Warcraft 3, 747-787 is all the crap Blizzard made throughout the years, and 737 Max is Reforged. Got it.
So much alliteration in one single video :D
I’ll never understand the greed mentality of companies that are already at the top, established, and reliable, and run by already-rich people, wanting faster returns/profits.
Classic Boeing built planes of such innovation and quality that sold itself. Modern Boeing is run by suits loyal to shareholders, committed to building cheap derivatives of derivatives. Headquarters screws the hometown of Seattle then moves to Chicago. Now Chicago gets shafted after investing to support by moving again to Arlington, Virginia. A purge of C-Level executives is needed to save Boeing.
i have never heard this man be so passionate in a video
21:15  Lockheed Martin has nothing to do with the B2 that's Northrop Grumman
Boeing is a dying company.  I don't know of anyone who looks forward to flying in one ever again.
They're called Boeing because you hear "boing, boing, boing" when all the parts fall off
diversity and inclusion is how
Oh my goodness, I totally remember that earthquake… I was living in Olympia and have just driven up somewhere between Tacoma and Seattle… Maybe Federal Way? Anyway, was in a parking lot and it felt like riding a roller coaster for 30 seconds.
Please make a video exposing the downfall of CVS Pharmacy.
Dude, the B-2 was manufactured by Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin. Big difference.
Boeing is never going to die , give that the USAF has it under their thumb
can you do logistics of recycling
I don't get it. Boeing requests the FAA to be allowed to skip all kind of procedures. The FAA allows that. Who is in the wrong here? Of course they try to get an exemption and when they get it than of course they will ask for more exemptions. They want to make money. That's the goal of a company. The FAA's job is to make sure they do that according to our safety standards. If the FAA allowed them to drop certain routines and that leads to accidents the FAA has the main responsibility..
Corporate management and diversity initiatives.
They fixed things that werent broken. now they got crap.
Everyone who wants a good airplane should also be ok with higher ticket prices.  I see a lot of “Boeing shouldn’t be cheap” but everytime you chose the lowest airfare was the drop in the bucket that pushed them. Look inward and realize you can’t get more for less.
Singapore airlines certainly made the good decision to go for a majority and worlds largest a350 fleet. With just a handful of 787s.
Profits profits profits, what large corporate hasn't been pushing that bull shit for the last few years? I reckon senior management are listening now!
B-2 is Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.  Speaking of Lockheed, its L-1011 Tristar was an outstanding aircraft for its day but a money loser and led to the company abandoning the commercial market.
i was born & baptizd in boeing seattl
It wasn't just these issues.... Boeing's constant union busting and the move of facilities to South Carolina which is an anti union state also caused these issues. It's executives tripping over thousands of dollars to save pennies.
This video is the product of a large amount of aggregation and research but IMO maddeningly continued to miss the mark on tying up the problems and recognizing the fundamental concept of what is wrong with Boeing.  Fundamentally, the problem is a problem practically every hardware manufacturer has faced in the past decade and a half (since approximately 2007 at least) and has been the cause of a large number of manufacturers while others that properly executed have survived and gone on to greater profits. The more complex the manufacturing process and the product, the more difficult has been the task.  I'm talking about the earth shattering effect of Agile development which was developed in the software industry, is a major if not main reason for the success, extreme profitability and logarithmically accelerating curve of development and decreasing costs. Agile development is a seminal development in human endeavor replacing prior development methods in particular the waterfall which is characterized by milestones, specific staging and test versions and a final "golden" end product that is launched for customers. Contrary to the idea of a finished ultimate final product, Agile is a continuous cycle of incremental development steps rather than major milestones where even the customer may be involved in the testing of each incremental steps.  For every product and manufacturer, this Agile approach has to be adapted and implemented according to the requirements of that product or face the inevitability of becoming burdened by excessive and uncompetitive costs and every increasing development time as the product becomes more complex. In the case of aircraft though, there is the contradictory requirement that aircraft must be perfectly safe. The consequences of poor decisions regarding risk are so great that not every concept of Agile development can be applied because the consequences of a commercial software application running on a phone isn't the same as an aircraft crashing and this is where Boeing made some horrendous decisions and it's unknown if there are others.  Focusing specifically on MCAS, there's probably enough information in the public to piece together how and why it came about and how its implementation  was the cause of the 2 crashes.  Boeing needed to implement a competitive feature that would equal, and preferably be the competitive reason customers would choose Boeing over aircraft competitors like Airbus. The most obvious desired objective is to be more fuel efficient and performant and the decision was to implement a wing design optimized for flight cruising at a specific altitude, speed generating as much lift as possible and least amount of drag. Of course a wing optimized for those flying conditions meant that particular design and configuration wouldn't perform as well and even very poorly under other flight conditions like the slow speeds related to takeoffs and landings. Normally this issue is addressed by changing the shape of the wings by altering the size and chord (curve) of the wing by extending flaps, changing angles of flaps, doing the same with leading wing edge extensions and so on but these traditional methods involve a lot of weight, complexity and maintenance costs.  This is when Boeing had the idea to simplify wing configuration and controls by developing MCAS which applies Fly-by-Wire technology to control the aircraft flying in the unoptimized conditions of takeoffs and landings. Fly-by-Wire is not new technology and was likely introduced in the F-16 during the 1970's and is when the pilot's controls does not connect directly and mechanically to control surfaces but instead pilot inputs are sent to a computer which discerns the pilot's intent and then sends signals to the control surfaces to execute the pilot's intended action. Fly-by-Wire is by today proven and reliable technology so MCAS is a reasonable decision and I understand latest Airbus aircraft extensively implement the technology, too.  But, Boeing's implementation introduced the first ingredient to a poor final result... Somewhere in Boeing's decision making someone decided that only 2 sensory inputs determining pitch would be needed as a cost cutting move and indeed perhaps even one input is barely necessary and someone reasoned a second would provide backup but not understanding that contradictory signals from 2 contradicting inputs only results in confusion. A third input is minimally needed to break the tie or the computer is unable to make a certain proper decision.  MCAS can be engineered to perform reliably and well but if there is a problem with inputs, it can't perform and this is what caused the 2 crashes... Not only did MCAS fail but apparently the pilots likely didn't know MCAS was a brand new component of the new version of 737 they were flying so didn't know they had to turn it off and this was in addition to the basic idea of implementing MCAS as a critically needed function during the most dangerous and demanding part of any flight with least amount of time to react properly.  Today, it's been reported that the 3rd pitch sensor which had always existed as a manufacturer option at about $20000 is now installed by default and required, and pilots are fully trained and aware what they should do if an MCAS fails.  There should not be any more MCAS failures but the question remains if other latent problems exist like what likely happened to cause the door plug to blow out recently.  But don't think that Boeing is the only aircraft manufacturer that's been experiencing and addressing problems. Take a look around the Internet and you'll find some pretty serious problems experienced by Airbus, too including one that remains "undetermined and unresolved." But Airbus has been a lot luckier than Boeing in not having any major mishaps that cost lives due to faulty equipment and that may be partly due to human judgement what risks are unacceptable.  Although commercial airflight is overall extremely safe, it's in part due to the diligence, regulation, oversight and efforts of all involved. But aircraft are still highly complex machinery that is getting more complex all the time. That on one hand makes the machinery less risky and perform better but it involves continuous change which itself involves risk. But for anyone who has lived long enough, just compare the number of crashes that happen today vs even the 1970's and there's no comparison how few major accidents occur despite the enormous increase in the flying public.
Title of the video feels familiar
Airbus got double the orders Boeing got
1. They brought in the McDonnell Douglas board. 2. They moved manufacturing out of Seattle. 3. DIE (Diversity, Inclusion, Equity)  I look forward to the inevitable Lockheed Martian commercial division.
5:10 lol they were tired of waiting to makes sure 100s would die. We need profits now. My millions are lonely.
The problem they introduced is so obvious if you have seen compartmentalized waterfall vs agile full stack software teams that are colocated.  It feels like the Boeing execs really missed those lessons of Lean and Agile like the Toyota Kata when they went to Japan.  Quality is a huge part of getting better results and improved productivity.
I mean profits over anything else. Shareholders complain about delays so they cut corners. Profits over people.
The problem is very simple. The new CEO is a crossdressing activist LUNATIC!!!! that basically flooded the company with incompetent diversity hires. And when you got stupid dumb incompetent people on important places, that creates safety hazards.
dont even need to watch the video. its because they let MBAs run the busineed rather than engineers. MBAs are a stain
Two area that need further investigation: The impact of putting business school graduates into upper management positions. The impact of unions or more accurately union busting. I'd be very interested in comparing Airbus manufacturing unionization with those of Boeing and its suppliers. I'm only guessing but Boeing divesting manufacturing to independent companies also eliminated many union shops.
Thanks for adding actual captions for the Deaf
"Heroux-Devtek, a comparatively obscure manufacturer for which this would be a major coup".  I don't know that I would call the company that made the landing gear for the appolo landers "obscure" 😁 -- Great video, learned some new stuff. thanks
So many reasons for Boeing's downfall and yet I would challenge it was the acquisition of mc Donnell Douglas that changed what was am amazing Engineering driven company which always focused on innovation and quality, to a Financially driven company. This started with Phil Condit becoming CEO, moving HQ from Seattle to Chicago, massive focus on Defense and Space acquisitions. During his time in charge Boeing more than doubled revenue and yet year after year were losing market share to Airbus. They changed ways of working which were damaging and even further effected after the corruption cases of 2003 and the appointment of  Stonecipher as CEO ( ex Mc Donnell Douglas).  Creating Spirit and treating it as a cheap supplier of key components and in assembly. Moving assembly to a new plant in Charleston South Carolina with no history in aviation, most changes made to reduce costs and improve quarterly results. As an ex employee it is so sad seeing this amazing company on the slippery slope from Engineering masters to Financial servants.  Most of my fellow ex employees and even a few who remain working for Boeing agree. Lessons to be learnt!
The U.S. mania to "Increase Shareholder Value" has destroyed many once amazing companies.
It's sad what has happened to Boeing. From national pride to national embarrassment.
21:30 did I miss something? The B2 bomber belongs to Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.
21:33 Just a small correction: the B-2 is made by Northrop-Grumman, not Lockheed
15:01 bunch of sushi
The big problem is that Boeing doesn't answer to passengers, pilots, or even airlines: they answer to their shareholders.
Billionaires just play with people's lives like it's nothing....
21:29 Lockheed Martin didn’t build the B2.  Northrup Grumman did.
This video. Went. Well. 👍
It all started with the acquisition of MD
in recent times they started pushing DEI people to higher positions even they don't have the experiences or talent.
why is haas f1 team in a boeing video 12:40
Umm, excuse me?  This video should be about the lack of FAA over sight.
I worked at AMD for eleven years from 1992-2003. Our top bean counter was CFO Rich Previte whom founder and CEO Jerry Sanders hired to do at AMD what Stonecipher attempted to do when he was CEO at Boeing. It was the only real mistake Sanders did in the entire time we knew him going back to AMD's founding in 1969.  Previte was really really good (supposedly) at managing money with Lotus 1-2-3 and, later, Microsoft Excel. But Previte know nothing about the semiconductor industry and had zero engineering background. When cash was coming in, he spent it like a drunken sailor. When cash was tight, he fired people left and right. I survived the first *TEN* layoffs during my eleven years at the company. Previte was like someone who just got their student drivers permit and barely knows who to smoothly apply the accelerator, brakes, and steering wheel. The managers I worked with (all incredible guys -- Dirk Meyer when I was on the K7 program, Larry Hollatz and Rob Herb in the earlier days) all had similar concerns.   Stonecipher was the same way. You do not retain the CEO of the former company you just acquired (McDonnell Douglas) under whose leadership resulted in the bankruptcy of that company. Stonecipher was the initial catalyst to overhaul the business model beginning with the design and development of the 787 Dreamliner. Phil Condit was an excellent manager and, unfortunately, was CEO during the whole 767 tanker scandal which forced his resignation. (The 777 program manager, Alan Mulally, was the best choice to lead the company but the board passed him over and Mulally eventually went on to become CEO at Ford.)  I  was finally laid off from AMD in 2003 but the reason I told so many folks about why I stayed so long was the vision Jerry Sanders had for our future. I believed in AMD. And I am still a fan for AMD like I am for Boeing throughout all of my commercial flight training.  Hector Ruiz took AMD off death watch and made some tough decisions after Sanders' retirement that finally got AMD back on its feet.  My former engineering boss, Dirk Meyer, eventually became CEO and that began AMD's resurgence and the current CEO Lisa Su has transformed AMD into a true market leader during her 10 years at the helm.  Boeing needs someone like Dirk Meyer or Lisa Su to turn things around. It turns out that some of the 737 MAX 9 aircraft door plugs following inspection (after the Alaska Airlines Flight 1282 incident) did not just have loose bolts on the door but that some of the aircraft had missing bolts. All of that begins and ends with Dave Calhoun.
Take the most respected aviation company in history, remove all the engineers from positions of power and put the money grubbers in charge instead. Then act surprised when that decision gets people killed. Yay, short sighted modern capitalism! Is it any wonder that nobody wants to buy American any more?  "We saved thousands of dollars by cutting corners. Too bad we're getting sued for millions of dollars as a result."
The very opposite of a commodity.
It's almost like market logic leads to worse outcomes.
I think this video is very informative and well-researched. It shows how Boeing’s cost-cutting and outsourcing strategies have backfired and led to quality and safety issues in their products. It also contrasts Boeing’s approach with Airbus’s more stable and collaborative one, which has given them an advantage in the market. I agree that Boeing needs to focus on being better in every aspect of their business, from engineering to manufacturing to customer relations, if they want to regain their reputation and competitiveness.
Late stage capitalism doing its thing I see
Boeing didn't loose its way. It has gone precisely where shareholders and executive management have been pushing it.
Is clear the problems. Even prototype airplanes take years to build, and even a ready kit can take months, to rush such process is to ask for failure. And to try to ask several different companies to built each one a piece without know what the other are doing is a recipe to surely deliver some engineering and manufacturing issues.  Boeing new lidership never hear about the enginerering triangle: Fast, Cheap, Good. You can only really do well with one, you can chose to have two, forget the third because is not happening.
DEI
I was a Flight-line Operations for Boeing Defense, Space, and Security. We tried to warn them for years and years. We were always silenced.  I also started at Boeing on the 787. Delivered the first ~350 aircraft. What a disaster.
Wall Street kills yet another empire for short term returns.
That’s what happens when you replace engineers with CEOs.
Brilliant!
🤫🧏‍♂
Just buy Russian planes, they are better than american
Put simply, what happened to Boeing is that greed overtook excellence as the driving principle behind the company, with the results that we see taday.
What’s the tool at 10:21?
I work in supply chain for an aerospace company, and it drives me batshit crazy when I hear people in my section tell me that our job in supply chain   is to "save the company money".  No, our job is to procure quality materials needed for operations.    Finance and Accounting seem to dictate operations, which is retarded.  The bean counters are obsessed with knowing where everything down to the last penny is allocated towards.  I had to waste 90 minutes of my time yesterday digging up credit card receipts when I could've been focusing on sourcing quality materials for assembly workers and engineers.  On Monday, I'll have to waste another 2 hours of my time reviewing invoice discrepancies for the finance and accounting section.
"This went... poorly" is a fabulous understatement
Not enough proffit from the commersial sector, compared to military ones ....
Harry C. Stonecipher: McDD 1994-97 President and CEO. Bowing 1997-05, President & CEO, COO, Vice Chairman. He once boasted that he deliberately shifted Boeing's longtime culture "so it's run like a business rather than like a great engineering firm". Ooops. What responsibility does he have for the outsourcing and squeeze of suppliers? When they started on the 787, they did two difficult things at once - new design and outsourced. Airbus had outsourced from the start, so they had the system already smoothed out. It looks as if Boeing were just following the new version of corporate America that treats everything and everyone as expendable - as long as the shareholders get the money. The shareholders of course, include the 'C' suite.
Who here remembers when owning stocks was a relatively safe and secure long term investment and not some overnight, get rich quick sheme?😢
Their big mistake was getting into bed with McDonnell
It's a shame that they're hiring practices have taken the effect that they have
Steve Jobs:  "If you were a product person at IBM or Xerox, so you make a better copier or computer. So what? When you have monopoly market share, the company's not any more successful.  "So the people that can make the company more successful are sales and marketing people, and they end up running the companies. And the product people get driven out of the decision making forums, and the companies forget what it means to make great products. The product sensibility and the product genius that brought them to that monopolistic position gets rotted out by people running these companies that have no conception of a good product versus a bad product."
Don’t forget, Boeing stole money from kids and teachers in WA State. Boeing took a $9 BILLION tax break from WA and then immediately outsourced their labor out-of-state.   This was the same year WA State was being held in contempt of court for failing to fund education and getting fined $100,000 a day.  $9 billion would have more than covered this (at least short-term as a start).  Of course it was corrupt legislators approving this. But Boeing still applied for it, took it, and ran.
Viva lá Europe!
What a shame.  Boeing used to be the best.
The same that happened to every industry..greed for that ESG fund and having their boards mostly owned by the same big hedge fund groups that motivation aint profits anymore but completly changing/controlling humanity.
Boeing an Engineering Company, run by Engineers that was always focused on safety and quality was taken over by a bad accounting company (McDonnell Douglas) run by a bunch of accountants who cared more about saving money than building a good product. Worse decision Boeing’s board could have ever made was buy a failed MD on the brink of bankruptcy and then let MD executives run Boeing. Complete madness and now we are seeing the results.
As an aircraft mechanic that has worked mostly on Boeing airplanes my whole career, I find these smear pieces against the company disheartening and evidence of how little the general public understands the aviation business. In my job, we have to do good work, every airplane, every day. Every mechanic around the world is doing their best to make sure everything is correct and to keep airplanes flying safely, and it only takes one person’s screwup to end up as a tragic story on the 6 o’clock news. Now, I work line maintenance, which is light work. When you’re building an airplane from scratch, there are so many steps in the process, and so many possibilities for error, that it’s amazing the airplanes are ever finished. Boeing does indeed need to step up their design review and quality control processes, but I think these incidents maybe don’t convey how small the line is between triumph and tragedy. And when people who don’t work in this business think they could never make such an error: think again. There but for the grace of God go I.
All the good engineers were on the original 777. They are all retired, near retirement or dead now. BTW the B-2 was built by Northrop, not Lockheed.
Airbus also manufactured in America. To FAA standards. Same as Boeing. Just because its got french owners doesnt mean its somehow immune to the same financial incentives and industry regulations. Same with Embraer its Brazilian but are manufactured to worldwide aviation standards which are- you guessed it- American aviation standards i.e. FAA.  There's a reason I've worked on all three of those birds at the same facility, using the same set of tools...inch-standard. Its not like a German car vs American car people. All airplanes are created equal.
Unions and corrupt morons in management caused this
How to know if someone knows what they are talking about from an outside or an inside perspective in aviation- ask them to pronounce "Bombardier" or "Embraer".  You failed the test btw. Embra-air. It's not Em-Brayer. Point of fact it's an acronym anyway its doesn't have a "pronunciation" per se, but if you're in the industry, Embraer is "Embra-air" and Bombardier is "Bom-Bar-dee-ay". If you aren't in the industry, it's "Em-Brayer" and "Bomb-bar-deer".  Long story short- if you can't pronounce the name of the largest aviation companies correctly, you don't know jack about what's going on except for what you're reading other people write about it.
Pretty sure all these issues were caused by replacing their executive leadership from Engineer to MBA’s/Glorified accountants.   Imagine selling off company assets you need to make your planes, then going to that same facility and being like, “Ok now you’re gonna do everything for 20% less.” 😂
I don't think you will become more efficient in any industry by simply telling people you are going to pay them less.
5:09
Wendover is the master at saying "capitalism is the problem" without explicitly saying it
TLDW: DEI and competency crisis
Fire the middle management hire back the engineers
US govt killed Boeing. What happened to Boeing is what will happen to many US companies until the govt willl start taking its oversight job serious. They allow companies to prioritize profit and use whatever practice they want, including moving businesses out of US and losing local jobs.
I always thought vought was only in the super hero industry
Late stage capitalism and its predictable outcomes.
We want the over-engineered Boeing of old
Greed. That's how we got here. It's not just Boeing. It's every megacorp
Who knew going cheap was expensive.
By hiring blacks. I just saved you 23 minutes.
thankgod Australian domestic travel has mostly airbus planes
Many years ago my father desgined the paint booth systems for the seatle plants. He also provided the fuselage lighting systems for boeing Douglas guflstream. After the merger our company was cut off to lower the expense
che nacho justo vas a decir lo que iba a decir yo en la ultima oracion dale aksjsjsjs
this was EXCELLENT👍   thank you
Oddly enough, it is exactly the consistency in offerings which Michelin guide inspectors use as a deciding factor when choosing which restaurants get a star. So there might be a systematization involved, it's just that it requires a superior degree of skills masteries and technical know how.
It's not that big of a task. Put the engineers back in charge and they'll be fine long term.
Boeing used to hire the top of the best of engineers. It was extremely difficult to get a job there as an engineer, the interview process was days, sometimes weeks long process. Once you got in, you were set for life and you were paid accordingly. You were always on the cutting edge of aero engineering. Starting about 20 yrs ago, they went stupid and instead of focusing on the engineering they decided to focus entirely on process engineering which is what this video touched on. They would hire middle of the road Systems Engineers with six sigma green/black belts, over highly intelligent Aero Engineers. Then starting about a decade ago, the company went completely woke and would pass up on highly qualified candidates in pursuit of female and minority quotas. The woke push got so bad, the Boeing CEO actually had a DEI rating metric as part of the bonus criteria. No longer was making great planes the most important, it wasn't even on the metrics. But making sure that you had increased DEI was. The failure of Boeing will be case study someday. But as it stands, "If it's Boeing, I ain't going" for now
6:55
Why can car manufacturing be systematized and scaled but not plane manufacturing?  One crucial difference could be the number of _commodity_ parts that can be used in a car.  Perhaps almost everything that goes into a plane is custom designed.  Does it have to be?  If so, is a federated plan for building these parts no longer feasible simply due to the extremely tight tolerances under which they need to come together to create a plane?  The SpaceX model for aircraft manufacture, where everything happens under one roof, might be the _only_ way forward.
Phil Condit started the beginning of the end for Boeing by acquiring McDonnell Douglas.
This is a prime example of why investors should never end up running the company. If you invest in something you do so because you believe it will be successful so why mess with that formula once your moneys on the line?
Airbus balling Rn 😂
So they were a d and they got their comeuppance
737-MAX was the cheapest I ever flew (80 pounds from new york to scotland), and 787 was the most comfortable. i still would rather a320 shorthaul though :')
I had an interview at boeing a few years ago for an aerospace engineering position. On the way out, I asked a few senior engineers there how it was working there. Every single one resoundingly said it was a horrible place to work, and the only upside was the pay and benefits.
Your details etc are interesting. But - please lose the annoying background music. It’s NOT in the background and simply not required.
Watching engineers and techs with 40 years of blood and sweat in a company be pushed out the door with nothing more than a small catered lunch and a pat on the back is hurting so many US manufacturers these days. Even where I work, we still produce some of the best tires you can buy (some of which ironically go on boeing aircraft). But we consistently miss production targets and the cost to produce a single tire rises with each passing year. The people hired to replace experienced employees either don't stick around long or do not know how to perform their jobs or don't care. Why should someone be expected to sacrifice their life for a company anymore, especially one that sees you as easily replaceable.
Having been in the supplier world of both aerospace and automotive, trying to strong arm your suppliers or blame them for everything works - for a time. Until it doesn’t… I could envision a supply chain collapse being Boeings undoing. Of course I could also envision a federal govt bailout, like the Big 3 got, and then the subsequent return to bad habits after the dust settles… The wheels on the bus go round and round :-/
I'm surprised that you didn't mention the relocation of the company's headquarters from Seattle to Chicago (and more recently, to the Washington DC area).  Nothing could better demonstrate the transition of Boeing from a company committed to building the world's best aircraft to a company committed to generating as much cash as possible for its shareholders.
A bunch of bean counters are running Boeing.  Maybe they can make beans?
That is what happens when you have the top three executives w/o engineering experience - a bunch of bean counters.  Bah humbug!  No airplane is profitable if it is not reliable.
Unfortunately I vomit every time I land in an Airbus, so that makes it difficult to hate Boeing as might as I maybe should
DEI - Discrimination, Egotism, and Insanity
This has all been done before … in automotive: It's known as the "Lopez effect", named after José Ignacio López, who drove the quality of GM's cars into the ground by strong-arming suppliers.
17:35 my guy that was like a 42 word long sentence
As I heard quoted on another channel reporting aviation news (Blancolirio for the curious), Boeing is "losing billions to save dimes."
Seems like yet again there’s more proof that the shutdown was unnecessary and has had horrific consequences, all while the richest people and companies continue to break profit records.
No offense, but mis-identifying the builder of the B-2 undermines your credibility. I'd pull the video, fix it, and repost.   Past success leads to complacency. Complacency leads to indifference, carelessness, and an aversion to change. Add to those a bureaucracy that insulates decision-makers from the consequences of their decisions, and the company's days are numbered.
The most important part was forgotten. Boeings "strategy-errors" directly leads to hundreds of dead humans. Whole families, kids, they all died because Boeing wanted to make money. And thats unforgiveable.  F Boeing.  If given the chance, I wont book a airline that has Boeings in their fleet.  Dont want my window blown out midflight...
Too bad Lockheed got out of commercial aviation after L-1011.  Wonder what kind of passenger planes they’d have on offer now.
Just like in the gaming industry, the passionate developers sold their companies to shareholders
This is a recitation of news stories. What is needed is an examination of the economics of flying ‘the Greyhound crowd’ by air.   Also the poor quality of pilot# flying automated aircraft.
Ah so they basically pulled a Ford. Screwing suppliers and contractors.
DEI
DEI don't make 'em like they used to.
And life goes on, many of us will be on Boeing plane again sooner or later
How to make more money investing into dairy farm: 1. sell cows 2. Cash out 3. Move the money to panama  Investor-driven economy is harming our civilization
ALL the Why? answer one actually needs : Mc Douglas.
Greed
It’s diversity. There, I saved you 23 minutes of PC coverup
Profit over human lives. The way of the corporate-run world we live in...
I like the Dreamliner
My mother worked for Boeing from the late 70s until she retired in 2007.  She worked in the office.  She was part of a team that worked on government contracts.   My mother and her coworkers blamed the merger with McDonald Douglas for all of Boeing's problems.  She claimed that the management who had run McDonald Douglas into the ground took over important roles within Boeing.  In her opinion the people who came from McDonald Douglas were incompetent and made short sighted choices.
I think illustrate the problem with aggressive captalism and min-maxing everything. They are trying so hard to maximize profits and reducing costs that things are just starting to fall apart. Unfortunately, this is a small scale version of what we are starting to see with society.
Better hope that the Boeing military defence company isn’t like its civilian part
Guess they employ for diversity instead of talent
oh my, it seems American companies are more about being cheap and filling board members pockets instead of making good products
This been known for years. They're greedy.
9:34 Every time this guy clears his throat when saying "core" or "couldn't" I want to claw my eardrums out.
Boeing went woke, and it broke.
I believe in order to fix Boeing, it should be broken up into 3 companies that compete against each other, as the monopoly they currently have is not going to serve them or the industry well. It happened before, in the 1930's, when a big, monopolistic company was broken up into 3, with Boeing being one of them. They were smart and brave in the past, they cared about money, but on the long term, not short term, shareholder type of profit it is today
When Boeing was taken over by “McDonald Douglas !
B2 is Northrop Grumman
Well, now they have lost the Russian market with their sanctions. It may not be so large on a global scale, but this is forcing Russia to revive its civil aircraft industry and sooner or later the MC-21 and Superjet will appear with engines and avionics entirely produced in Russia. And given that everything produced in Russia is usually cheaper, a number of countries in the global South will begin to look in this direction. Not to mention Iran or Cuba. It is also interesting where Boeing will buy titanium for landing gear, if the main supplier of this metal was Russia.
Why do we always pretend there's some great mystery to the degradation of these massive corporations and not simply the fact that the executives are extracting massive tranches of wealth from the company for their own bonuses and shareholder dividends?
what your basically saying is ... They were an Engineering company run by Engineers ,now they are a company run by shareholders
How Boeing Lost Its Door
Omg man the b2 is a NORTHROP aircraft not a Lockheed aircraft. Wo!
Once again we see that the wealthy and privileged CEO-class aren't all that talented. Chase short-term profits and you almost always end up with long-term failure. A kid could figure this out.
I was in jewelry class during that earthquake. We were about to light these torches we used that sat on the tables. We were probably pretty close to a major fire at my school
Say it together now: “HYPER CAPITALISM SCREWS US ALL”
Total Airbus victory 😊
boeing needs to become tech again, not a corporate mba land.
DEI hires and focus on profit.
It has been years, but I had a conversation with a Boeing guy I knew who was leaving the company.  I asked him why he was getting out. "We used to be run by engineers, now we are run by bean counters."
Basically You are saying that Boeing has entered a malaise era, not unlike that experienced by the 1970's American auto industry. Maybe Boeing should dig up the bones of Lea Iacocca and make a TV commercial...if you can find a better deal for an aircraft....buy it!
19:00 its basicly that well meant but imo wrong grandiosity thought that led boeing miss the mark, the tech is mostly aerofoils with engines, engines which boeing nor airbus produce , ie a bus for the sky.. needs to be reliable cost efficient en able to work with common used ports...in an time where it was predictable that fuel efficiency and practicability is wanted even naming let alone building something called a dreamliner is a miss , you need a product for the masses not a dream and that product to achieve that needs to be simple but high quality to do it
Nebula is the only "YouTuber product" I've ever gotten
Anyone watching this on revanced ? Holy heck hahaha 3/4 of the video is skipped !
America’s investors and business schools need to learn to plan long term. Chasing profits quarter by quarter, seeing dividends, cash flow, ROI above all else is just plain stupid even from a pure non human business stand point
It's quite simple and it's the real failure of our capitalist system.  At some point in the development of a corporation, usually right after the founder dies, the goal of the corporation changes from doing whatever the founder had envisioned to maximizing quarterly earnings.  From that point, it is inevitable that the product will suck.  When any business is run by a bunch of execudroids out to destroy the competition and maximize short term profits, it could not be any other way.
Fuck investors! They have ruined more than just Boeing. They are the asbestos to the cancer that is corporate greed
please address the headquarters movement to Chicago, and the firing of a lot of quality assurance and safety staff. That's what employees cite most often.
Isn't bread street kitchen  a franchise
Airbus never made money with planes, they made money via spare parts, while Boeing made money via both
This is such a good video that summarizes a lot of issues today's market faces
DEI
My dad worked assembly (mainly riveting) in the Wichita Boeing plant during some of their peak, through the plant being sold to Onex, and then to Spirit (or maybe it was that Onex owned Spirit, memory is foggy).  It was wild to hear you talk about the problems with Spirit and remember back to my dad coming home from work, exhausted, complaining about how they had to scrap a fuselage skin because some idiot up the line screwed up drilling the holes so bad they were ovals and the rivets would slip right through.  Then it turned into "Yea, we should have scrapped the skin, but then they just shoved out of spec washer shims behind the holes and told us to buck the rivets anyway."  He retired right around the Dreamliner fiasco (don't remember if it was before or after) because of another massive issue on the line: Letting experienced workers go so they could higher inexperienced greenhorns at much lower salary.  They kept trying to get him to keep crawling into the plane, despite his back problems and age, and then also train new hires (Many of which were super unqualified even for manual labor.  Lots of weed/meth smoking on lunch breaks in trucks, according to my dad).
I feel like this really skips over the absolute decimation of the safety culture within boeing after the mcdonald douglas merger. You can plot a direct line from Boeing's downfall to that point in time. People who cared about making the best planes got replaced with people who only cared about shareholder return
This is what happens when you outsource the engineering and put buisiness people in charge of eng company
How Boeing Lost It's Way: TLDW  A: Greed
my mom used to work at boeing, and she knew the max was flawed from the bedaning so did most of the engineers.
Great job reporting this story.  I worked there for 18 years where I saw the decline of Boeing from the inside.  Then, I started my second career piloting 737s and the A320 on the outside of the manufacturing realm.  The contrasts are telling, as you have pointed out.  From the king of commercial aircraft makers, to what still exists of a 100 year legacy of success, it has been both incredible and devastating to watch Boeing fall from grace in the aerospace manufacturing business.    It is not just the 737 and 787 that have been troubling.  The company that designed and built key parts of the B-2 and F-22 stealth aircraft, major parts of the Saturn 5 Apollo moon rocket and have most recently suffered problems with the CST-100 Starliner space capsule also.  These problems highlight systemic problems with program management that Boeing was once infamous as the class of the whole world for always building the best possible aerospace products.  All of which made everyone very proud to be a part of a family of employees.  By focusing first on the customers and then on providing employees everything they needed to build the best products, not only was success possible, it was inevitable. Profitability was all but guaranteed and backed up by  thousands of orders for first class products.  Boeing though, has been gravely injured by two major market changes that I would describe as failures to properly manage its business to build on its legacy of excellence in aerospace manufacturing.  The first is the response to what should have been recognized as the inevitable growth a strong competitor building clean sheet of paper airplanes.  And second, the aerospace consolidation that eventually culminated in the merger with the nearly bankrupt McDonnell/Douglas.  While arrogance caused Boeing to lose focus on what the customer wanted, corporate greed led to the mismanagement of the industry consolidation when the notion that managing a near industry monopoly resulted in surplusing way too much of the expertise both within the original company and at the acquired businesses.  The notion of “too big to fail” has resulted in the drive to cater to Wall Street demands for perpetual profitability instead of attention to its customers.  Accountants took over a company where design engineers once guided the business.  Cost cutting became the order of the day, in place of how best to manage the critical assets needed to build and sell the world’s best commercial, military and space products.  The original Boeing once separated the commercial aircraft business from the military business purposely because the two types of customers functioned in often diametrically opposed ways.  Cost-plus contracts are very different from civilian customer contracts where Boeing had to pay directly for delays, cost overruns and for the consequences of accidents. McDonnell/Douglas (McD), in its heyday, was a majority-military contractor beholden to the government for most of its profits.  While Boeing was the exact opposite, with its commercial business overwhelming its military business.  Most of the other companies acquired over the years were also military focused. Merging the disparate cultures of Boeing and McD has been troubling ever since the 1997 merger, with the first decade afterwards resulting in a number of notable corporate management shakeups.  I would argue that losing one of its key up and coming managers to Ford Motor Company is emblematic of the brain drain that began with the merger with McD.  Change is always difficult to deal with. But, losing the mentors of the corporate culture that guided Boeing through its “If it ain’t Boeing, I’m not going” days into whatever is chosen to describe the company today has resulted in a crisis management culture, and is largely what has caused the crisis of confidence and competence that is in full display today.
They are failing the way almost all corporations are failing. Profits are put above all else. Instead of putting that money towards better pay for employees for a better product, shareholders and executives get that money. Employees are being exploited. Less work is being done at a higher price to the consumer. It's bad for everyone, inside and outside the company, unless you're the one exploiting people. It should be illegal. Corporations need some heavy financial regulation. We need to tax the rich. Too bad the rich run this country and also control its propaganda.
Went from this to Tip of the Spear on Nebula. Its working. At least once.
I can fit it into a sentence ”diveristy hires makes reliability score plummet”
There would also have been bombardier if Boeing hadnt screwed them over..... god the C series is a beautiful plane (A220)
msuic is far too loud and dramatic. very distracting
Sounds like Intel
SERS DO NOT REDEEM
Boeing middle management is filled with A holes. They kiss up to the higher ups and don’t even acknowledge someone in a lower management grade that walks by them in the hall. Been there. I quit. Made money elsewhere and retired. They are THE WORST.
I frequently come across old electronic components that are marked as “Approved for Boeing” and that meant they held up to the most rigorous specifications. They were the gold standard for high quality manufacturing.
Correction: the B-2 Spirit is a Northrop-Grumman aircraft, not Lockheed Martin.
Corporate greed.
Blind men in a room with an elephant
At the end of this video it is suggested that Lockheed Martin built the B-2... if you are going for the factual based informational channel, you'll need to be better than that.
This is the problem when MBAs pretend to be engineers.......... and planes are designed with powerpoints.......
Holy fuck, the SponsorBlock tagging on this video being more than 50% filler is hilarious
Boeing is the perfect case study in the problems with the current system of publicly traded companies. Investors want the quick return no matter the long term costs and companies are beholden to them by law and by stock price for valuation. The short term thinking is always detrimental to long term viability and success. It also makes things worse for employees and customers alike.
Watching this in final assembly 4-82. We have 2 weeks of non-production so we aren’t doing shit rn
A 23 minute video that can be summarized in two words, corporate greed…
The pilot crisis and Boeing trying to switch horses to a low skill airbus design is part of this.
Competence Crisis!  They shrank expenses, and shrank the amount of trained/experienced people in the process.
Monopoly, greed, that's Boeing's downfall. Profits by all means necessary, even if it means risking your life.
Quick answer...Monopoly and corporate greed
Wall Street broke Boeing.  Outsourcing is all about union busting and wage/benefit cuts but you can't build a good plane by a committee of executives from different corporations with different agendas.
Boeing Fail AIRBUS AIRBUS AIRBUS Airbus forever Airbus make Economy feel a little bit more like business class Airbus forever
I'll simplify this for everyone. Boeing transitioned from  engineering to a stock manipulation company. CEO's Stonecipher and Condit broke the company bad
Doesn't mention Boeing's relationship and policies regarding organized labor. This channel is either incredibly incompetent or compromised by their sponsors.
I remember reading a thing about how Boeing was trying to "find the balance between safety and profit". The idea that they consider profit to be equally as important as safety should be a massive red flag.
I was next to that building during the quake.
There are so many similar American companies who have let Wall St call the shots and run the company into the ground.
"Hey, our main domestic competition has run themselves into the ground and they are ripe for the taking." "Great! After the merger we should take that same management team that pushed them to the tank and put them in charge of the overall company." "Nobody will be expecting that. Genius!"
DEI
Diversity hiring
Boeing's downfall is a result of the Jack Welch school of management. That extremist ideology took over the company. Its about cutting corners and abusing employees. Many deaths have been a direct result of Welch's ideology, from chemical plants exploding to planes falling out of the air to the opiod crisis.
Seems to me Boeing’s “we don’t hire straight white men despite their qualifications” policy is to blame. And I’m ok with the destruction of this American icon. Fck Boeing. They wouldn’t hire me despite being OVERQUALIFIED for one of their publications positions (and, yes, they did collect my demographic information which is ultimately what disqualified me)
22 min of bla bla bla bla en bla, not 30 sec of any explanation
Quite suprise to see the footage of the old vietnam airlines
This is what happens when your upper management is comes from a business/finance background and not engineers. Really went down hill since Douglas-Boeing merger
You insanely captured this so accurately. Wow
GREED is the REASON boeing is FAILING.
You can sell your customers' and your partners' good will.  It doesn't mean that you should. It's never worth it.
They should have just let McDonnell Douglas disappear instead of buying them. McDonnell Douglas was when the shitshow began.
21:28 That mistake felt like a gut punch, especiallly after such a good video
Boeing: Stepping over Dollar bills to pick up dimes. They pinch pennies throughout the entire building process for that instant satisfaction, only to end up spending millions in the future in redesigns, fixes, damage control, and loss of orders.
simple management. Mcdonald Dougalus died because of mismanagement and for some stupid reason Boeing adopted that managment. but this applies even more then jsut boeing. every single industry has managers and bosses you don't know jack about what their running jsut how to get the quick buck over long term investment
i havent pressed play yet. But before I do, I feel compelled to say 2 words. McDowell. Douglas.  Edit: 6:38 Yep there it is
Sam, backcountry or park skiing?
Basically: they are arch capitalists
Diversity, tolerance and inclusion  will destroy everything it touches. Thats the whole point  of it.
“Shook nerds and structures alike” love it!
Hello, I am a mechanical Engineer working in the aerospace/defence sector.  Here is my two cents:   Acountants ruin companies.  In college my first internship was at a major appliance manufacturer. The enginers I met there were exactly average, and, they were some of the dumbest people I have ever met. The gap between the best engineers and average is massive.  Engineering is both art and science, you can hire 100 average engineers, and you still wont end up with something as good as what one amaising engineer can come up with. A bunch of todlers are never going to paint better than Picasso no matter how many todlers you hire and no matter how long you give them.  But an accountant would do the math and see that they can fire their best engineer and hire 3 or 4 average ones for the same total cost.    Something I see time and time again, is a big company will buy out a small aero defence contractor that has been punching above their weight-class and then bring in acountants to lower wages accross the board.  The best and brightest cost alot. If you pay alot and get the best, then more of the best will want to work for ya (because the best always want to get better and nothing makes you better than working with the best). Its a vicious cycle of betterment.  That is what Elon Musk has figured out, and thats why his companies produce the best engineered product, time and time again. While having comparitively small team sizes.
When you start hiring based on DEI and not skills.
Outsourcing to save costs is always, always always going to cause a death spiral as quality, integrated design, and overal vision/functionality will go down, its inevitable, the more subcontracts the worse. Never, ever outsource. Contractors and subcontractors do not give a single shit about you and your company, and if not renumerated well, they will cut corners. I have seen this happen where I used to work, where a major creator of inovation and products decided to be mostly just a platform to integrate with marketrs and sell subcontracted work went from a massive business to a nose dive, turns out indian developers do not give a shit and have massive turnover, their product inferior, and the time and money used to fix the problems they created due to poor practrices led to massive overhead and headaches.  I dont know why this is kept to be attempted, it has failed in the 90s, in the 2000, the 2010s, and is failing again. I guess executives just cash in the early influx, gtfo and leave the company to die, not their problem?  Honestly fuck any company that does this, especially if they are just focused on extraction of value. Just wish we didnt have to learn the same goddamn lesson every 10 years.
Boeing execs care about the bottom line, nothing else. Their management philosophy changed after the McDonnell-Douglas merger. Employees were treated like parts. management doesn't care.
Too many diversity hires.
Investor-pandering (among a myriad of other things) is eating every industry from the inside out.
Its the profit motive. The start of the hole in my opinion began with McDonnell Douglas management who thought they could squeeze their suppliers to build and design an airplane on the cheap. I would argue that the flaw was transmitted to Boeing but Boeing had already become infected before it ever acquired MD. Its divestiture is a symptom of the rot, the need to make not just profit, but * more* profit then they did last quarter to appease investors and management.  They had a working system, and they tore it apart to try to extract free cash. Now everyone's livelihoods are threatened.
DEI
Lockheed entertained the idea of making a commercial airliner once. It would be interesting to see what a modern one would look like. Probably the best but absurd expensive
It's almost like shareholder Capitalism is the problem
TL:DR Corporate Greed!
Northrop makes the B2, not Lockheed
Mcdonnell Douglas was a virus and Boeing was the host. Monopolies kill people.
I hope they make sure their engineering teams are as diverse as possible. I want Eskimo engineers at any cost.
As a Kansan, I'm still upset Boeing left Wichita.
boeing is just everything that's wrong with a company that didn't understand how to transition to modern time
How Boeing Lost Its Way"  Introduction: The video explores Boeing's trajectory from a peak of success to its current challenges, with insights provided by Jon Ostrower and The Air Current's team. It begins with an earthquake in 2001 that became a catalyst for Boeing to innovate its assembly process, leading to the successful production of the 737 Next Generation (NG). However, a series of decisions and strategies, including the development of the 787 Dreamliner and the subsequent 737 MAX, have significantly impacted Boeing's standing in the aerospace industry.  Body: 1. **Success of 737 Next Generation (NG):**    - Boeing's response to the 2001 earthquake led to the successful development and production of the 737 NG.    - Lean methodology and Just in Time principles streamlined the supply chain and assembly process.    - Boeing's Renton campus became a hub for collaboration, communication, and continuous improvement, resulting in the best-selling third-generation 737.  2. **Challenges with the 787 Dreamliner:**    - Boeing's decision to develop the 787 Dreamliner with a majority composite airframe and innovative technologies.    - The company adopted a strategy reminiscent of McDonnell Douglas, relying heavily on subcontractors to design and produce parts.    - Delays, design flaws, and financial challenges plagued the 787 Dreamliner, impacting its initial promise and causing a months-long grounding in 2013.  3. **Outsourcing Strategy and Financial Implications:**    - Boeing's outsourcing strategy for the 787 Dreamliner, shifting development costs onto subcontractors.    - Enormous negotiating leverage allowed Boeing to secure advantageous contracts, but it strained relationships with suppliers.    - The financial outcome of the 787 Dreamliner fell short of expectations, showcasing the pitfalls of an overly compartmentalized development and manufacturing process.  4. **737 MAX and Return to Traditional Processes:**    - Pressured by Airbus's A320 and dealing with 787 challenges, Boeing opted for an iteration of the 737 design.    - A return to a more traditional development and manufacturing process, with a focus on working closely with selected suppliers, especially Spirit Aerosystems.  5. **Supplier Relations and "Partnering for Success" Program:**    - Boeing's "Partnering for Success" program aimed at cost reduction, demanding price cuts from suppliers.    - Suppliers faced a dilemma between accepting lower payment or losing contracts, highlighting the power imbalance in the aerospace industry.    - The program, meant to foster optimization and innovation, strained relationships and led to dissatisfaction among suppliers.  Conclusion: Boeing's journey, from overcoming challenges with the 737 NG to facing setbacks with the 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX, reflects the complexities and risks in the aerospace industry. The shift in strategies, from collaborative innovation to a transactional approach, has impacted supplier relationships and financial outcomes. The summary encapsulates the video's main points; however, for detailed understanding, watch the entire video.
Capitalism. The problem is unfettered capitalism. There is no reason for profit-making to care about the human element.
Sounds like it was the investors fault, who wanted quicker profits
I'm sure hiring more diversity managers will fix Boeing.
Anyone else old enough who lives in the Seattle area to remember the billboard "Will the last one out of Seattle please turn out the lights?"  At least this time Boeing can make sure that person who turns out the light is a bisexual neuro-divergent person of colour.
Yes.... BOEING has screwed every human being responsible for it's manufacturing until WAR existed.   Employees and suppliers learned to DESPISE the a_s_oles running the company.  Manufacturing knowhow is gone.   THeir processes have imploded.   Every single executive at Boeing should be fined $millions$ for what they have done.
“People, not processes” - exactly
Whaaaaa you're telling me it's because of corporate incompetence and not *reads scribbled writing on hand* diversity and equity programs?
And let’s not forget it’s space side has also failing. When NASA put human space flight in the hands of commercial companies Bowing got the lions share of the money and the trust to build a capsule, starliner, but they still haven’t flown people, they have done two unmanned flight tests, the first one was nightmare fuel and couldn’t even make it to the space station and the do over mission barely scraped a pass with a whole load of advisories. The competitor was SpaceX who got let money and less trust yet have been flying the Dragon crew capsule for 4 years now without fault. Even if Starliner had managed to get into use earlier if is still hugely more expensive per seat for NASA. Bowing are just on the struggle bus in everything they do.
Very helpful and thorough! Thanks! They obviously have a lot of changing to do!
Great Video really great. A little NOTE: Lockheead Martin is not the Original Equipment Manufacturer or (OEM) of the B2 Spirit it is Notrthrop Grummen
Without having watched this video, it's because they went from a company ran by engineers to a company ran by bankers, everybody knows that.  And if everybody doesn't know that bankers are freaking scum of the Earth, then they should.
Always love Wendoverpoductions videos. Insightful and dives go deep. But in this one I am sensing too many oversimplifications and sensationalism. Basically Boeing 737 MAX is taken into focus and everything relating to one plane / line of planes is extrapolated to whole company.  But during similar period the very same company came out with Boeing 787 Dreamliner ?!? A plane that I'd say is currently THE MOST desirable commercial airplane. So... I mean... maybe there is bit less sensation in all this. And Boeing is just a very big company that fucks up some things and does remarkably brilliant in others? I am not saying that it would give them justification to cut corners on safety or anything.
What happened to Boeing: D.I.E. They openly brag about hiring unqualified people for their skin color and heights of sexual deviancy. If you get on a Boeing aircraft in 2024 and beyond, then you are rolling the dice with your life every single time.  Unfortunately the FAA is now also on the D.I.E. bandwagon and are actively seeking to hire people with "Severe mental and emotional disabilities". That is a direct quote so really if you get on a plane at all, you are kind of a dummy. Of course this is what the Demoncrats said they want to do with the green new deal, they want only the mega-rich elites to be flying around and if they make it too dangerous for you little people, then let them eat cake!
If you want an example of how monopolies are bad for pretty much everyone, look at Boeing.
> food analogy
I'd avoid the Dreamliner! I am sorry, they cut corners and we know it and that's probably only the tip of the iceberg of cut corners! That thing should IMHO be condemned as totally unsafe and grounded forever! I will no fly on one of them!
When you mix stupidity and greed...
So what Wendover is saying is that Boeing is a proxy for the US as a whole which has at about the same time as Boeing started to value short term success higher than hard work by accumulating the fourth highest sovereign debt of all countries through huge annual deficits ... and still fooling the rest of the world about this by projecting an image of apparent strength.
It’s literally because we started putting diversity and inclusion first instead of Ability and capability
It sounds like Boeing got to be so efficient that they "efficiencied" out the bolts that hold the door on!😲😲
G R E E D
80% of the video here is SponsorBlock filler lmfao
what a down fall, everyone knows that boeing reputation has gone down the gutter hiring the wrong leaders
As an anecdote, I'd say this stretches back a bit further than the mid-00s. A Boeing landing gear patent used my dad's patent for one of its parts. We (the family) only found out about this after the patent on our end expired, and Boeing started producing the landing gear. I'm every bit as smart as my dad was, but because we struggled financially my whole life, I never applied myself to go to a college we would never be able to afford. I can't say what would've happened with that money, but I can tell you that without it, Boeing increased supply-side issues for themselves generationally.
17:55 why have those guys no gloves?
aaaand of course one of the catalysts was the CEO and shareholders... what a surprise!
Short answer: McDonell Douglas
Boeing lost its way when it allowed McGreedel-Dumbass take the reigns.
There's a Russian saying: the greedy shall pay twice.
as a native Seattleite, I grew up with Boeing as a point of pride in where I lived, and there was the whole some of the cool kids dads working as engineers for it thing. It's so sad to see how it's slowly going downhill and loosing a lot of respect. I really hope they can turn it around
Northrop Grumman is the primary contractor for the B-2 Spirit, not Lockheed Martin.
You are an engineering company who make planes. Earning shitload of money should be your last concern. If you make an outstanding plane, profits are a guarantee since there’s only Duopoly in your business. You don’t have 100 companies chasing your ass so you have to stay ahead.
Damn, sponsorblock has no chill on this one
Is your voice AI?
I'm always impressed with your attention to details in your videos. The amount of facts you spit out is amazing. Are you using AI?
Feb 28th 2001 when the earthquake hit I was working as an estimator for a skylight company. The building shook! It took a second or two to register in our minds "Earthquake!" Aluminum was falling off the shelves in the plane, workers were shoutings. Then! Faster than an Olympic athlete! The boss runs past my office (seriously, really, really fast) flings open the factory door and heroically shouts...   "KEEP WORKING!!"  Then he went to the parking lot and told the workers he would be docking their pay for not working, and he did, because there was no earthquake. Charlie was a sweet guy to work for.
Boeing execs are indirectly killed so many people with their greed
Boeing work culture is rotting.
As a striving a&p student in Washington state, I want nothing to do with Boeing when I graduate
With the McDonnell Douglas acquisition, Boeing went from a company spearheaded by engineers to one run by suits & investors.
Investor and profit driven businesses will always fail in the long term. Middle managers should never be hired from outside the company and executives should have climbed through the ranks from specialist positions.
All these suppliers should band together and build a new aircraft...
I don’t understand how a room full of highly educated executives could make such huge blunders again and again..  isn’t their whole job business management??
My friend was supposed to be an airplane mechanic and was smart enough for it. But once they started watching airplanes crashing over and over and over - it mentally took a toll. I can’t believe they’d take shortcuts like that with how devastating it is when shit fails. I mean he legit couldn’t pass his tests once it started to take a toll on his mental and he ended up moving back home. Gotta be a tough cookie to handle this shit everyday. Or just a sociopath.
South Carolina assembly problems are legendary.  Many airlines will NOT accept southern built planes.
Next on Wendover Productions: "How United Lost Its Way With DEI"
Always amazing to me when a successful company buys a struggling company and puts the struggling companies leadership into decision making positions . . . and then wonder what went wrong.
Boeing was great because of its engineers. It is failing because of its accountants. Accountants always destroy. Engineers always build. It's simple.
Do you really need a 20 minute video to say "Boeing got greedy and because we live in a world where every corporation thinks Infinite Growth is possible when that's obviously impossible"  Sad this channel popped up on my Home feed despite having unsubbed for this low effort content hosted by a dude that sounds like an AI Chatbot. Now i need to click the ole "Do Not Subscribe Channel".
Northrop Grumman designed the B2
No mention of the effect of military contracts for Boeing - perhaps they will enable the company to stay afloat, even when badly mis-managed.
Airbus vs Boeing sounds like AMD vs Intel 😂
very well put
Boeing aircraft scare me. Watching that video where the panel fell off and hearing about  the plane crashes has ruined my belief their planes are safe to fly on.
Great content. Bloomberg originals came out with a Boeing documentary with the exact same title a couple years ago. Theirs was also very good.
My grandpa was an engineer for Boeing, it's sad to see them fall so bad
Why on earth is that awful music playing? It is so distracting when trying to listen to the spoken word. Does the producer care? Spoils the whole video.
I don't think that Boeing can recover. It would have to undo decades of organizational change, drawing on a pool of talent that doesn't exist, against the will of it's owners (the stock holders), over a period of many years. The setting for that does not exist in America.  Europe, in contrast, created Airbus. With cooperation. Over decades. At great cost. Investing, rather than stripping. And now, they win. Good for them.  I will put my expectations of Boeing beside my expectations of IBM. And I will weep.
The disaster at boeing was not because they decided to upgrade rather than replace the 737. There was nothing inherently wrong with the max. The fact that it sold very well prior to the crashes proves it. They just screwed up the mcas system design. Had they simply installed 2 aoa vanes in the first place, like they should have and like every other aircraft mfg does for any flight control related system, the max would have been happily going out the door and making money. Had faa oversight been effective they would have been forced to do it properly. And the paradigm of having partners design parts of the airplane for boeing is being done everywhere else, and it was done elsewhere long before boeing and they won’t be changing that anytime soon. It is now, for better or worse, an industry standard practice and it’s here to stay. If you think they “won’t do that again” you are quite naive.
I’ll wager my non-existent pension that the C suite execs who orchestrated this nosedive all had happy landings thanks to their golden parachutes.
This video and these comments hurt my heart. I was an engineer at Boeing for 25 years until they union-busted us and moved our plant to OKC. I was so proud to say I worked there for almost all of them. To see their standard for excellence be so far in the rear view mirror just tears at my ❤
Not to mention the failure of their Starliner space capsule.
Did you know that at least half of your video is filler content/ads? I mean, the actual topic doesn't even start until @6:45. Like, wtf?!?
This is just the same problem the whole US economy has had writ large.  We tried to turn EVERYTHING into Wal-Mart and McDonald’s; cheap, adequate products mass-produced and sold by cheap, adequate workers.  But not everything is fries and t-shirts.  It’s actually important that some products have quality, rather than quantity.  And just because someone SAYS “sure, I’ll do this job for $10/hr.!” DOESN’T mean they will do the required job for $10/hr.! 🤦‍♀️
Video {mercifully} ignored the Boeing Starliner debacle.
I'm particularly close to this situation, my mother was an engineer at Boeing for 25 years before they shut down their Wichita plant (for the best as it turns out looking at their decline), but I never knew the details behind it.
21:29 The B2 is built by Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed
But but diversity and DEI
Part of US collapse...
If I may add...B2 is a product of Northrop NOT Lockheed.
Diversity Equity ....and INCLUSION.
the management always derails
MacDonnell had bean counters. Boeing had engineers.  After the merger the bean counters took over.
Halfway through and it sounds like a monopoly.
Your take isn't realistic.  You can't have Micheline chef-like "artists" out there applying their unique take on aircraft manufacturing. The hard-earned current quality and safely levels in the aviation industry are the result of ruthless iteration of processes and standards, not one-off creativity.  And "just be better"?  OK.
There IS a crucial and obvious difference between Boeing and Airbus: government subsidies.  Airbus can take "risks" on new designs because if they don't work out they don't need to pay back the money they were lent by European governments!  Boeing bears it's own investment risks. Night and day.
Go woke, go broke. Once you commit to hiring on the basis of ANYTHING other than “fitness for job” it’s just a matter of time until you crash and burn
Ngl, even for a Wendover video, this one was a bit of a snooze fest
Greed kills a majority of US corporations.  Corporations don't have an owner, only a manager.  Owner cares about the business, manager cares about reports.
At the end of the day, a company is just a bunch of people with different roles. To be on the politically correct side - who was actually the individual lacking a huge portion of heterosexuality that allowed and/or pushed MCAS into prod despite his engineers shouting to his empty head that it is a bad damn f*king idea?
Bad incentives, corporate bloat, criminal management and leadership…. Why does this remind me of something….
All these business failings, and even their successes, are examples of why and when industries should be nationalized.
It starts with Dick Cheney favoring Boeing over Grumman...
boeing can suck it  -sincerely, Canada
I continue to invest in Boeing.  Paying quite well.
How being lost in its way
The B-2‘s cost is the result of cutting the original production numbers by more than 80% and not from the technology behind the project!!
I grew up in Auburn, Washington, near a Boeing plant.  I was the first kid in their Tech Prep program 30 years ago.  Boeing had a huge impact on my life.  Its sad to see them stumble so hard.  I hope and pray they recover like a champ.  I've always been so proud of Boeing, and proud of their role in history.  I once got to help restore a B-17 bomber!!
Boeing is too big to fail, therefor no accountability.
McDonnell-Douglas is all one needs to know.
Of course when you are one of only 2 companies in a market and it is almost impossible for other companies to enter into it, you can make a lot of mistakes and still be in business.
D               E                I
Cost (reduce as much as possible),profit (maximise at all costs) then safety (minimum amount to satisfy the FAA)! Boeing’s core business mantra, now coming back to haunt them!
I've worked as an engineer for several large aerospace companies in the last decade, and everywhere I've been I've been warned against putting my financial present and future in the hands of Boeing.
no wonder they can't even install a door right.
This guy kida sounds like the guy from Half as Interesting. They should do a colab
Airbus former CEO was an engineer, present day CEO is an engineer, Boeing CEO is a business man so the conclusion is simple. Boeing will never catch up to Airbus, they are just too far away, just look at A-320 neo sales.
Critic: The music ist too loud if you hear with headphones
if boeing dies then airbus becomes a sole source supplier for the airlines.   Airflight  tickets could double.   I dont see that happening
Trump is a living proof there is no end to foolishness
Greed is just too powerful a motive for most American companies. There is big money to be had for executives and stockholders in the short term. And company executives do perform they will be replaced quickly. Grab the money and run. It's like "we can maximize profits from slaughtering a portion of our golden egg laying geese.   That is essentially what you are doing by beating up your suppliers treating your high trained and experienced workforce as a "cost" when actually it's a company's biggest asset at a company like Boeing.
I like Boeing I really do. But I knew the company was going to have troubles when they moved their headquarters to Chicago. I couldn't believe it as management from a distance works out about as well as long distance romance.   It took awhile but now the company is a damn mess and I will not fly on the MAX if I can help it. Two crashes, people killed. Oh, a software issue. We fixed it, safe now!  Cargo door blows off during flight, oops. The MAX is and should be a doomed aircraft. Boeing better get something else in the pipeline fast and correct these basic errors. When you move the CEO and the higher ups so far from where the money is made, your gonna let control slide while you play big shot CEO in a bigger playground. It can be all about the numbers, but not in the aircraft manufacturing business. Because peoples lives are at stake. Corporate headquarters should move back to where they belong and be happy making safe dependable aircraft. If that's not good enough for you, a shareholders revolt could change your mind, or you could just quit.
It’s sad for Boeing to be in this position. Corporate America has f*****d a great American company and put life’s at risk for profit.
Employ a company-wide rapist mentality. Get knobbed in the end. . . . Job well done.?
Couldn't have possibly been woke DEI nonsense....
As an engineer, having visited their production facility in Washington, I was appalled at some of the things I saw.
wow who would've thought that outsourcing, compartmentalizing, hardball business, and greed made a great and reliable company into a corrupt and dangerous one? Greedy capitalists, and the legal obligation for corporations to seek only shareholder profits and nothing else, make this inevitable. If workers at Boeing had, say, owned the means of production... Do you think they would have opted to dismantle an integrated system that worked for a disjointed system that doesn't?
At least we have diversity on our production line! immaright, boinoinoing sisters?
So whats the answer to reducing the large front end financial risk in the development of new commercial aircraft?
I guess when it comes to smaller planes we cannot forget Embraer too, their E-192 is also very fuel efficient.
Instead of Twitter, Musk should have bought Boeing and run it as Tesla!
"Strives to be the most accurate..."  Yet your YouTube video title card/thumbnail shows a emergency exit door (with a window) and not a door plug on the ground. ?!?  Good lead in?
Capitalism.
As usual, when there is a push for shareholder profits above whatever else a company does, everything goes wrong...
14:23 Diversity hires No way that guy is actually qualified
boing
Its incredible how insanely greedy allot of the companies have become.. All of them.. The products have barely changed over the last 15 years and yet the price they charge has increased anywhere from 500% to 1500% more.
TL;DW - Capitalism's race to the bottom in search of profit margins drives another company into the dirt
It all went downhill after Enumclaw
Boeing basically said, let’s make GM for the air
737 Max stands for Max Profits baby. Hell yeah
“Matriculated down”. Oh my sides.
@20:20, this is where the conclusion is wrong. Change out the C Suite and you'll start to right the ship. The fundamental reason Airbus doesn't have these problems is their corporate leaders don't make such mistakes.
Who marked half the video as filler? 💀
Q: What is the mating call of the Harvard MBA? A: "Cheap, cheap, cheap!"
They will just use AI to develop a new aircraft.
TDLR business majors continue to destroy the world
I thought I was paying for no promotions with nebula...
Boeing fucked up the same way Dell fucked up.  They put accountants into management roles.  Bean counters are the worst managers.
6:55 WHO?!?
Lockheed Martin did not build the B2, it was Northrup Grumman and Boeing.
Boeing's issues are what happens when you become a Monopoly. If only McDonell Douglass were still around and Lockheed Martin, Cessna, and Bombardier/Learjet were still making airliners.
Malfeasance and bad decision after bad decision by c suite executives sums it up pretty well.
When I was growing up in Seattle, my family rode the Boeing roller coaster. Long time residents know what that is: the constant cycle of hirings and layoffs by the company. My father was always trying to get employed there, but it was always temporary as Boeing constantly expanded and contracted its workforce. So one year, we’d move into some nice new tract house in the suburbs, live well, and take advantage of all the benefits: vaccinations, regular check-ups, and lots and lots of dental appointments. The next year, Dad would get laid off, have to take jobs pumping gas, or reading water meters, or doing custodial work (or multiple combinations of the above to make ends meet), we’d move again into some shabby rathole, and no more visits to the dentist or doctor. It really sucked being at their mercy for the basics.
“Diversity”
I mean there is all this, but don't know how one could make this whole thing and simply not mention the whole, "Eeeew, we don't need the most qualified people, we need more *insert minority group*!"
Ironically, Boeing has (further) shot themselves in the foot regarding a new narrow-body design prospect. Even thinking about developing a new aircraft right now is a joke (just look at the ENDLESS ridiculous and embarrassing issues the "simple upgrade" 777X and KC-46 programs are dealing with!)  That being said, IF they get their entire company and system in order and working efficiently, there's no reason they couldn't build a new aircraft for a fraction of the development cost, in a fraction of the time vs. their current management structure/model.  Honestly, I'm glad they haven't pulled the trigger yet.    We're currently in a sort-of "holding pattern" - where the A32X NEO and even 737 MAX are booked out till 2030.  This is THE TIME and possibly the ONLY time that Boeing will have to actually get everything squared away internally and set the tables for a new design. Focus on producing these current aircraft (arguably proving very difficult for Boeing however) and make cash, while changing up your internal structure and having it all ready for a new generation of narrow-body aircraft when your 737 production end is in sight a few years from now.   Of course, Airbus' production of the NEO will be slowing down then as well, and they've got the advantage of essentially printing cash (they can charge whatever they want right now) till the NEO production slows in ~7yr or so. By that time, their market perception SHOULD be basically pristine and dominant - and their market share in the narrow-body arena will undoubtedly be the strongest in the industry. With that in mind AND the fact that they aren't dealing with a broken internal system, they're already primed to design and produce a winning product over anything Boeing can produce, while also bringing it to market quicker.    Ironically, Boeing's only hope is that Airbus goes the BOEING route and just re-wings the A32X family when Boeing decides to pull the trigger on their next aircraft. It won't be quite as efficient, but it'll easily beat Boeing to market by several years, have 100% commonality with the current A32X family for airlines/operators/maintenance, and should be a low-risk project for the company. Of course, Airbus could just as easily also make an entirely new aircraft (similar product rotation/position as Boeing after all) but it seems like a waste given how (relatively) young the A32X design is.   Either way, the ball is in Boeing's court, and given Airbus' position right now (nearly their entire R&D/engineering teams are free at the moment post-A380, vs. Boeing still dealing with endless MAX and 777X issues) that's an intimidating position to be in. I'd assume Airbus already has two very different scripts written up for a re-wing vs. new design depending on Boeing's move. Everyone thinks today is Boeing's darkest hour, but it could honestly get far worse if they strike out on the timing and/or innovation of their next ground-up design. It pretty much HAS to be perfect, from the first drawing, to the last delivery.
There is one significant point missing: public aerospace just makes 1/3 of Boeings input and output. Rest is military. For Boeing it’s vice versa
Better hope Tesla and Elon Musk don't get an idea to build airplanes the way they took to power, cars, and rockets.  Say what you might about Elon, he is a whiz at getting the right people together to advance the state of the arts they tackle.  Got to get the MBAs with no industry experience out of the C-suite; they haven't a clue about running a business.
Jesus how many time do we have to tell you old man, stop trying to make nebula happon, Skip da ad 23:02
Unchecked capitalism can only ever result in stuff like this. It doesn't matter what industry it is, when executive's only responsibility is to shareholders, shenanigans ensue.  Yet for some reason, millions of people and at least half of congress consistently vote to give corporations more power. More autonomy, and most dangerously, less regulation.  A lot more of this from companies in every industry will continue to happen if nothing is done. At best that just means crappy products and terrible customer relations. At worst it means massive death.  Corporations don't care about you and nowadays they barely even have to compete for your business.  Stop voting to give them more power.
When your leadership’s focus is on maximizing profits for the shareholders instead of producing quality products it always ends up like this. How many publicly traded companies go down this road?
I hate youtube. Every single video is just  history of what happened , and  nothing about what the video is actually called   This is sposes to show how boeing is going down. Why are u telling me about things over ten years ago . F me
The B-2 is Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed.
I think the Spirit issue is completely misunderstood by most.  Basically Boeing built/split a large chunk of THEIR OWN company into a separate (individually liable) company, then HUNG them out to dry, they made ZERO cash, but because they were technically separate, Boeing's profits and earnings got a huge bump (because a prime contractor was basically giving them huge components at a loss!!)   Fast forward, and Spirit has had to do everything in its power to make a single dollar, while Boeing continues to give them the middle finger (and again, I consider Spirit another building that Boeing owns essentially, that's how it was formed...) Hanging out one of your own "internal" suppliers to die while you enjoy every penny towards your annual shareholder reports is a terrible way to run a company, and it absolutely has consequences.   Honestly Boeing should have never split the division - they did it to save a buck (and had the bonus of deferring liability) but now you stuck an independent company with their own financial requirements into a corner, and THEY have to make money as well. I knew working for Spirit was a nightmare, but I didn't initially realize that it was almost entirely Boeings fault for making it so.   And now, to this day, Boeing can point fingers at "another company" which is really one of their own fabricated divisions, so they can deffer liability and blame onto someone else - instead of just getting their own $hit together and doing the right thing(s).   Boeing defines the term 'penny wise, pound foolish'.
Everybody complaining except the ppl if El Salvador. This man deserves a noble peace prize.
Oddly FedEx did the same part stockpile reduction plan too with it's ground support equipment and now years later it is still dealing with those problems of no spare parts readily available and logistics suffer. But it does guarantee a steady job for us part suppliers.
Interesting video, but music is annoying and unnecessary!
This is yet another example of what I believe to be modern American culture: All virtues have been sacrificed to the twin gods of Cost and Convenience.
"Boeing is trying to be a michelin star kitchen with a fast food mindset"  Strangely, that's actually a really good way to describe what's going on at Boeing
Rambling, with no coherent plot
Diversity hires. That's all I'm saying.
Why is most of the video marked as tangent on sponsor block. Who thought that like 80% can be considered tangent.
Wayyyy too much information for me packed in and just sounds sped up, I am sorry man. I feel bad. But I lasted 2 minutes. I wanna watch. I just couldn’t.
No one seems to be talking about the fact that Boeing isn't playing on a level field.  Airbus is subsidized to a level the WTO basically just declared anticompetitive.  When your opponent is getting a bunch of free money it's hard to convince any company to just pack it in and go home.  They will try respond to pressure and it won't always go well.
If the US doesn’t return to the standard of quality it’s known for, we’re going to see the same deindustrializtion the UK saw
yeeeep, boeings future as a company is fully already gambled on their next design. they need to cut the cost consiousness for it, literally Hard Gamble the future of the company on the success of this next design. i mean "if this aircraft flops we let the bank have our facilities and close shop" level of bet it all
Made in America
Fuck yeah capitalism go america sacrifice lives in the name of profit
Isn’t the B-2 a NG design?  Not LM?
weird coincidence that the filthy rich would lecture us about carbon emissions by citing getting rid of plane travels as a measure against it, but then how would they do it? the answer is actually pretty easy, if you control a majority of the market shares for commercial planes like boeing you could significantly reduce the amount of air travels in the world by first introducing planes that makes traveling more and more of a potential hazard for the average plebeians of the world
Boeing top brass turned into company into profit over quality. And it’s the mid and low level employees suffer. And deaths caused by their doing. Many management should be in jail.
Merging with McDonnell Douglas and adopting their cost cutting and profit over safety. That’s what happened.
Companies need to realise, you can't have increasing profit margins indefinitely. Something has to give. You can't rob Peter to pay Paul in the airline industry. Peter's door falls off mid flight.
In summary the business/finance says make more money.   The engineers/manufacturing processed is squeezed and people die.  Predictable.
Competency crisis.
Quite the irony that while Airbus went from a aircraft consortium to an integrated aircraft manufacturer Boeing went the opposite way. Outsourcing the manufacturing of the fuselage itself is proof the American corporate obsession with contracting literally everything has gone too far.
so basically greed is destroying the company.
At this rate, we may as well call whatever Boeing releases post merger the McDonnell Douglas 737 MAX, McDonnell Douglas 787, and the McDonnell Douglas 777X
Not if Boeing can loss what thay never had  in the first place
You really need to do a video on how the max aircraft can lose an engine if the engine anti ice on for too long. No one is talking about this. it’s the reason that the seven aircraft are not being certified. Boeing has to redesign the system for certification. The problem is all of the Max aircraft that are already certified have this problem. I’ve talked to pilots and they say they just don’t use it below 10,000 feet. Which is a huge problem because you’re experiencing icing conditions and choosing not to use anti-ice because you’re worried about losing an engine. I’m shocked nobody has done a video about this yet. the industry is hiding this information
There definitely should be a lighter way of telling this same story.  It's almost impossible to follow the topic while listening to this video.
If it's Boeing, I ain't going. Because I dislike corporate greed very much.
Thanks for that simple honest explanation for why so many of you guys are on nebula Sam. I like the real reason more than "i don't want to say the word money so I'll say youtube sucks". This honestly made me want to check out nebula. Good work Sammy 👍🏻 & wendover ppl!
After two plane crashes and hundreds d3ad, the CEO walked away with a golden parachute. Is this a real world?
Boeing chose profit over quality and loyalty to its clients. We really need a new aircraft manufacturer because ain't no way Airbus will compete with Boeing. About time Japanese, Korean, Chinese or even an European venture to challenge them, we cannot sustain the scandals of this company...
It wasn't mentioned, but a total of 346 people were killed in the Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines crashes on Oct. 29th 2018, and March 10, 2019, respectively.
very good content
Dei
The TL:DR of this story and many more are; Capitalism is broken and perpetual profit is unsustainable
Well ... Boeing is in the same manufacturing crisis as decades ago the US automobile manufacturer went through against competition from Japan, like Toyota.   Well ... today Tesla rules automobile markets ... so ... the USA is in need of a new startup for developing airplanes ... SpaceX could start a new generation of companies making airplanes for the coming Generation. Just overcome the old generation of airplane tinkerers ... ;-)
As a weekly listener of the AvTalk podcast, I’ve known about the work of Jon Ostrower and the Air Current for years. Props to you Sam and team for working with this expert publication to make yet another excellent video.
Murica and Capitalism failing in one video. I love seeing this. More please.
Fascinating that this entire video didn't even mention all the other problems at Boeing such as Starliner? Started in 2010, they were competing with SpaceX. Crew Dragon flew in 2019. Starliner still hasn't flown any crew due to all the errors in the design, software and hardware. They try hard to solve the issues for new issues to pop up. It really is a company wide problem. Not limited to their aerospace division.
Was convinced towards the end you were going segway from food production to today's sponsor, hello fresh or whatever.
All these billions, and still no economy leg room ..
Little suprise that the Europeans figured out both, Michelin cuisine AND Michelin aircraft (Airbus).
The sad part about this is that this isn’t a problem with just Boeing or aircraft manufacturers in general, it’s a problem we see in almost every single industry today, everything from cars and cellphones, to movies and video games. Modern companies have a systemic problem with focusing so heavily on profit margins and cost cutting that products and services are getting progressively worse and worse, I would not be surprised if there will be some sort of mass market revolution in the next 10-30 years that will “fix” these problems, because they way most modern companies are run today is not sustainable in the long term and I think we are finally starting to see evidence of that in many markets. It’s only a matter of time before consumers and customers will put their foot down and say that enough is enough, and when that happens the companies will ether be forced to change or be shut down because of their own greedy actions and practices.
Sponsorblock: thank God that someone took his time to submits his skipping sequences
I'll save everyone 23 minutes hiring people because they are a certain color isn't how you should do things, the end.
One of the game players that is failing to take advantage of Boeing "bad luck " is Embraer. Embraer could get a lot bigger with the right support
I dont fly anymore simply for this reason.
They had a money printing machine in their 737ng process. Too bad they focused on increasing margin instead of revenue…
18:47 This line exactly sums up what's wrong with Boeing.
80% of the video is word salad
"Here's this unprecedented success, honestly it's a miracle we did it." "Good. Now do it completely differently, cheaper, and faster."
Me before watching the video: "I bet it's because of a misguided focus on shareholder profit generation"  Me after watching the video: "Yup, called it"
For a 20min video, too much time spent on kitchen analogies, and no analysis nor commentary on 1. Engineer mindset at the top replaced by bookkeepers focused on quarterly earnings for the public markets and 2. Government collusion / too big to fail / no healthy competition.  They can't go down because they're THE American airplane company. But because of that, the bookkeepers at the top started employing lobbyists instead of engineers and machinists.
Boeing has been completely hijacked by MBA types and lawyers. It’s great when their financial engineering makes investors money. It’s really bad when their real cheap engineering leads to crashes and hundreds of innocent people dying
Boeing merges with a failing McDonnell Douglas and brings over their executives to help run the bigger Boeing.  They continue their losing ways of putting profit ahead of safety.  So their stock price soared as their planes crashed.
Making better business decisions than Airbus was the only thing keeping Boeing afloat after the MD merger. Airbus planes are just better engineered and safer, but planes like the A380 dont fit the current market anymore.
Get woke go...get broke.
This video doesn't even mention the absolute clusterfuck that is the Boeing Starliner crewed launch program.
"The 717 tanked our old company and has sold dismally under the Boeing brand... let's try that strategy for the 787!"
Everyone who was in charge of signing off on the MCAS system and all Boeing Leadership should be in jail for life for killing 100s of people.
Fake news  Boeing safety has improved immensely since the merger in 1997. Super safe.   Search: Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents
Airbus’s new slogan: No MCAS, yes windows.
When Boeing is shown the door.
Rip bombardier that helped airbus success when they got screwed by boing
Boeing?  Naw, that's McDonnell.  McDonnell bought Boeing with Boeing's money and then called it Boeing.
A loser company, McDonell-Douglas, got its clowns in charge at Boeing... What did you expect? A winning company? Hell no, you put MBAs in charge and you get disaster. A factory makes products, not profits. But without a good product, there are no profits, something that is not taught to MBAs.
This was absolutely fascinating!  My 87-year-old father summed it up like this: "Boeing let the MBAs and the shareholders take over the company, and they ran it into the ground." I will definitely share this video with him.
Long story short: DEI
Yes but how did I lose deez nutz tho
I think the downfall for Boeing is in Washington state might have something to do with hands you would say Mr. Hands
Let’s get down to the meat of the problem.  It’s that Boeing puts steakholders ahead of safety.
B2 is build from Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin.
Recently, given a choice for an earlier flight with boeing or wait 2 hrs for a later flight with airbus. I actually choose the later flight.
Jeez. Lockheed Martin didn't build the B-2. Northrop Grumman did.   Harry Stoneviper (Stonecipher), scion of GE-destroyer Jack Welch, destroyed McAir and Boeing.
Manufacturing aircraft was always complicated!!! YOU MAKE ME SICK WITH YOUR EXCUSES!!! Boeing lied and cheated which were both decisions that should have ended the company. Why did you leave so many facts out? Even I was a fanboy, but that's no excuse for lying. I just lost all respect for your channel.
Any mention of woke discriminatory hiring practices?
Good. This will good for the US. Bring on the ultra high speed trains!
Diversity.
Please make a video on cancelled MRJ Mitsubishi Regional Jet and hurdles new aircraft manufacturers face
Lockheed doesn’t build the B-2. That’s made by Northrop-Grumman.
Been at the Seattle site for over 5 years. It is corrupt from Unions to Corporate, from Employees to Contractors, from CEO to shareholder. They need to Break Up Boeing and bring back competition.
Boeing has become an American car company. The supply chain for the Boeing corporation that you describe seems remarkably like the supply chains for the American car companies. And the results also seem to be very similar.
Management is broken. Shareholders don't care about long term profitablity or customers or workers or sub-contractors. They would happily take their money out and  invest in toilet paper or bombs next week. Until management can stand up to the vultures and work for the long term good of the company nothing good will happen.
Coming soon, enjoy your new Airbus plane, built in Everet Washington.  Bad enough about all those poor souls lost on the MCAS disasters.  Anybody in jail for that should be, not a golden parachute, steel handcuffs.  Keep the bean counters away from the fine engineers who built a great industry...and are now trying to kill it.
B2 is manufactured by Northrop Grunman, not Lockheed
@17:40 nails it properly
Why is this video making it look like Boeing isn't doing well.  They are hitting their DEI goals, which is what really matters today.
It is not just Boeing, sadly, it seems every big company, especially the public ones, have gone downhill. After all, how are they supposed to have "record-profit" growth year after year for their shareholders...  Apple went from such innovation from their number 1 product, their iPhone, to meh as they attempt to pump out a new generation each year. And lets be honest, most phones these days no longer need yearly updates except maybe the folding ones as it's "newer" technology.  I would say that even the food industry has lost it way, by doing the same tactics Boeing did to their suppliers/contractors to farmers. But, I guess this is what happens when companies ONLY care about the bottom line, forgoing workers' safety, environmental health, product quality, etc. all just to push out a couple extra more earnings per share and to fill up the pockets of a select few.
You should look into and do a video in Rolls-Royce and their supply chain, ITP Aero etc. Similar but on the engine manufacturing and how they have fallen from the top
Aviation is not the industry that should place price over quality.
Retired from this company last year. I cant disagree any of the assessments, though i was in the defense side of the company.
Seems to me like they set up a situation where if something goes wrong they can all point the finger at someone else.
"Boeing is trying to be a Michelin-starred kitchen with a fast-food mindset, and it's just not working" ... wouldn't find a better analogy to describe why Boeing's lost its way! Wendover , one of your best and most interesting video. Thank you
Never have a CFO be the CEO. It never works out well for the product you're selling.
deregulation self regulation
Who else is afraid after they decreased the lightning strike protection on the 787 Dreamliner
Boing has already lost the best people. Its the realy good people that know first when it goes downhill. They probably left more than 15 years ago
Excellent video! Thank for breaking down a very complex situation, into an informative and entertaining story.
Boeing became too greedy. As far i am concern as a customer they can keep their crap products home. As a national pride of failure.
Boeing's mission statement is: “To connect, protect, explore, and inspire the world through aerospace innovation.” Now it should be “To profit, cut, fire, and kill through sheer mismanagement"
put engineers in charge again
Spirit and kawasaki subcontract out alot of thier parts.
Acquiring faulty McDonnell Douglas corporate corrupt idiots was Boeing's downfall. Rich mf's like muilenburg and calhoun got super rich and moved the corporate hq to chicago because it's more chic than Seattle and completely lost the way.
Lockheed Martin didn’t build the B2, Northrop Grumman did.
Once again, Wall Street gets ownership of something amazing and ruins it.  I'm so done bending the knee to the desire for infinite growth on a finite planet with a finite number of humans.
I’ll save everyone 23 minutes: It was greed.
Aviation has taken their employees for granted. The work you have to put in when you're affiliated with aviation, the hours that it commands, the level of skill, and attention to detail, last but not least keeping up with regulations and procedure changes, all to be paid far less than similar skilled trade work, in many places only a 1/4 of what an electrician makes.
this all falls back on the Board of Directors (generally a bunch of former GE people).
This is happening with all the companies. MBAs and accountants have ruined every company they run. Each and every product that used to be excellent quality is becoming mediocre. Last hope is Japan, I hope they survive this capitalism.
I'm surprised there wasn't mention of one aspect which is important to the Boeing story: The lack of government oversight. If I recall, part of the reason Boeing is in the place it is is because the FAA doesn't have the resources to inspect Boeing's facilities (and depending on the elected officials in power at the time, is actively discouraged from doing so), and relies on Boeing to self-regulate itself. And of the things that go on the chopping block first when people want to save money (both public and private), it's the budget for regulators/safety/other independent oversight. Boeing, like most companies, won't fix something if, for their shareholders, it isn't broken; increased government oversight, properly funded regulators, and new legislation to give regulators better tools to crack down on companies would all help push Boeing (and other companies) to do better.
All this and CEO still gets paid.
this is my story! LOL 2 other people and I executed on the 'move to the lake'; i also had a major part in offloading everything out of renton (to strictly an assembly and installation site).
Mr Putin, why did you attack Ukraine?  "well, it was a cold morning in 981 AD right outside Kiev..."  Boeing, why do you suck now? "well, there was a big earthquake, see." Just say diversity. jesus.
Once again capitalism does not provide innovation
‏‪0:03‬‏  i dont know why  its sound like the hAI guy
I'm sure Boeing will recover. These are some particular missteps, not the sign of an industry in long-term decline, as the auto industry was suffering from in the 1970s.
"backed into a corner"??? They could've choose to make an even better and newer one and get that market quota back
So, chasing shareholder profit short term crashed the company long term?  Somehow I am not surprised. It has been happening to almost every industry. Its just that in industries where fails are visible - and aircraft tend to do that - are much more, well, visible.
5:00 “they wanted returns faster”  And that’s precisely where I knew they f*cked up
Vought. Hehe
I vividly remember people in airports and on passenger airplanes saying "If It Isn't Boeing, I Ain't Going!!".
The new thumbnail is much better.
Ok. I'll just start by calling BS on the fact that Heroux-Devt ek is an obscure vendor just based on the fact that, you know, they manufactured the landing gear of eagle one, the first man made and occupied vessel to land on the moon. I mean, @wendoverproductions, what other kind of fact checking are you not doing your homework on? To what extent should we trust anything you say?
Ah yes "streamlining" and "simplifing" aka cost cutting aka profits over everything. Words you never want to hear when human lives are at stake,
this is almost every publicly traded company, they spend too much time fixated on the damn stock prices instead of focusing on quality product that will make them money. Toyota succeeded because they care about quality.
what's with the distortion of the music track?
The insanity of a bunch of non-contributor executives shattering a production line into a million subcontractors and thinking that it'll make everything easier... they were giving themselves a logistics job that was utterly beyond them.
Boeing seems to be run like most if not all airlines,corporations in the USA. Profit first ,safety? Overpaid ceo.
Idk probably lobbying for deregulations to cut costs or something like that
Ultimately, Boeing's problems, and _all_ problems *_everywhere_* boil down to one thing: fundamental human nature. People generally want everything yesterday while doing absolutely nothing, because people are generally stupid, lazy, and evil in that exact order. This will never change, therefore very similar problems will always happen everywhere, without fail.
...long story short: this what a tech companies gets, when they have shareholders, instead of engineers in charge!
This guy does good journalism but has THE MOST annoying voice and narration style 😖
Pay the employees with stocks. You reduce the cost of salaries and integrate them into the company far more than mere workers (no matter their experience, expertise eyc).
Sounds to me that it’s _the machine that builds the machine that builds the machine_ which is broken; Capitalism is what is broken.
WHO
This entire video can be summed up by simply saying "DEI"
B2 is made by northrup grumman not kockheed
Lockheed didn’t build the B2 bomber. Northrop Grumman did.  Lockheed built the F-117 stealth fighter.
Weren’t there “How Boeing lost its way” videos after the MAX control systems crashes? And again after the starliner failures? Now again?  Lost is lost.   I suspected they were in trouble bask when they moved the HQ from Seattle to Chicago.  It took a few years before people started to die and be put at risk though, probably because these are symptoms of really deep problems.
"...while simultaneously engaged in the perpetual chase of ever greater profits..."  THERE, YOU HIT THE NAIL ON THE HEAD  Even hamburgers can't scale and we're beyond the tipping point.  How much does McDonald's want for a burger and how terrible is it today?
Good video but very bad conclusions. It IS always up to the processes taken to reach a goal. It's just that Boing for many reasons isn't enforcing them on their suppliers etc.
I feel safe living under the flight path of Helsinki airport..pretty much no boeing crapboxes land here!
This is awesome. I am curious how many other massive companies have suffered in some similar ways. I hope someday you consider doing a mini video like this on quality of products suffering as the company seeks more and more fatter profit margins.
Who would have thought hiring based on boxes checked instead of the most qualified would cause any issues? The common problem is DEI hires making the bad decisions!
recent events have proven any big group, that has been considered "respected" or "trustworthy" is completely worthless to the public  the CDC themselves have lost all credibility after they promoted companies' solutions that have been proven by almost every other country to be ineffective at best, or deadly at worst
Ok what is going on with the audio recording / mix in these recent videos? It sounds like a mix of clipping and room sound, which makes these videos really really difficult for me to listen to without being completely distracted
Oh wow, it's almost like the blind chase towards ceaselessly growing profit margins, executive bonuses and shareholde returns is bad.  Companies which used to be serious engineering firms getting gradually turned into McKinsey-run horror shows which focus on pumping a quarterly return by any means necessary, in which executives will ceaselessly fail upwards, is a global trend. Late-stage capitalism, ho!  Also, Embraer video when? E2 and KC-390 are GOATed.
Any time i watch a video on some sort of catastrophic failure that has costed human life my first thought is "greed? Yep. Corporate greed."
You sorta hinted at this, but I don't recall hearing you explicitly say it. But afaik, Airbus and Boeing are essentially (or maybe legally) not allowed to fail. The governments of US and France (maybe EU?) keep them alive deliberately as they feel it is better to have a duopoly than a monopoly. And I don't think this is a bad thing per se, but then when one of those two goes crooked ... there's an issue.
16:30 Airbus is taking the long-term view, and the old style of doing business: Win customers for life by building a durable, reliable, quality product. Boeing is taking the short-term view, and the new style of doing business: Extract as much money from the process as fast as possible, no matter the sacrifices made. And now that strategy is making reaching its inevitable conculsion: collapse. If you try to "save money" by building a house with half as many screws, you will, in fact, save money. But once a storm hits, the house won't weather it and it will collapse. Sure you extracted as much money from the house as you could at first. But long term? It results in ruin (and ruins).
I had an internship at the Boeing Renton factory while in high school in 1996, it paid $8 an hour simply to learn which was good pay for a student at that time.
Great video! And sadly these management woes have spread way beyond their commercial aircraft division. From the KC-135 Tanker for the Airforce being delivered with tools laying loose in its structures, Boeing Starliner failing again and again in a multitude of ways, their latest, most expensive GEO satellites failing immediately on orbit, horrible performance on the SLS Core Stage contract, giving up on DARPA XS1 contract, and likely even more I don't know about.
At least we got cheap airline tickets, right?
You're so wrong with the restaurant comparison, our industry (hospitality) is fucking wild
Another great video!  I wonder if Boeing has created such a wide range of suppliers that aren't making much money, what it would take for them to come together and design and build an aircraft without Boeing.
It's almost as if when greedy rich dipshits try to force their monopolistic powers to illegally force down prices, it often results in shoddy products and dead people.
cutting corners in the aircraft industry for profit ends up costing lives?   who could have seen that coming?
I am very very happy that what I said for years finally become mainstream. The 737max is a coffin and I can't believe that boeing prefer to lie to the OACI and the FAA than to make safe plane.
Surprise, suits and investors only caring about next quarter screwed the company longterm.
The financialization of businesses. The deregulation of the neoliberal era has caused the enshitification of just about everything. If a company can make more money by buying back it's stocks than making product, why wouldn't it? Shareholder profits come before anything else.
Enshittification of airplanes is a bit more fatal than like Discord being trash
Uh, B2 is a Northrop aircraft
Mid 2000s footage looks like 1993
Capitalism is the problem
This is what happens when a company of engineers gets taken over by managers and bean-counters. In the late 1990's, Boeing "bought" McDonnell–Douglas but then the management at MD took over even though MD's management were the ones who drove their own company into the ground.  Honestly, I think that McDonnell–Douglas should have been bailed out and restructured in the late 90's and early 2000's. I think that if we had a "Big 3" in airplanes, Boeing wouldn't be chasing profits as hard as they are now. They would have more competition and might actually be more careful.
🎵Don't lose your way!🎶
One thing to point out is that a quarter of airbus stock is owned french, german, and spanish governments meaning that it’s not pressure to squeeze every bit of profit and have larger time horizons, compared to the short term mentally of most investors who are not willing to wait for 10 years due to opportunity cost.
A copy whose lifeblood is engineering and manufacturing was taken over by MBA's?
I work for a branch of Fokker Services which used to build Fokker Aircraft, and you hit the nail on the head when it comes to budget cutting, people leaving and/or retiring, knowledge being lost and so forth. We're not struggling financially because we are one of the few cost effective MRO's in the world, we get plenty of business, but our management are a bunch of fucking clowns.
21:29 Lockheed didn't make the B2, it's Northrop's plane 🤦‍♂️
I don't know how anyone can watch this and not think that our version of capitalism is deeply flawed.
Now I've never worked for a Boeing supplier, so I can't quite compare the extent. I can tell you though that squeezing suppliers is something Airbus does too
Americans don't think like Europeans when it comes to safety.
Ah so they got greedy and decided to outsource.
This came at a good time for me, I'm trying to decide on what company to write my risk management report. One of the companies I shortlisted was Boeing.
Boeing went woke with their hiring. And now planes are fucking falling out of the sky.  The madness has to stop.
You forgot to mention the most important contributor to Boening impending catastrophe: *DEI*
Interesting video but there's a lot missing. The main thing is that the Max wasn't exactly a Boeing only blunder. They did it under enormous pressure from the airlines that owned a lot of 737's to supply a product that could be certified as a 737 and needed 0 additional training for pilots. Of course, it was completely stupid of Boeing to do it. It was completely dumb of FAA to certify it. It's not just the problem of the engines being bigger than they fit on the small plane. It's the bigger issue of making a much more advanced plane work in the exactly same way as the previous version created decades before. And this was an almost impossible target, and they missed it by a million miles. It's quite funny how that came back to airlines who eventually shot themselves. Southwest and United are in huge trouble, since the 7 and 10 versions won't likely be certified for a long time, several years at least. American and Delta are likely in hot water too but less than these 2. Ryanair would be if the CEO wasn't as stupid as Boeing is. And the problem is not the FAA, but EASA who since the first Max blunder did the unthinkable and now does NOT accept tactically FAA certified airplanes as they did for decades (and reciprocally). And FAA would be dead if they approved the Max 7 and 10 and EASA did not. And Boeing will be dead if EASA does not certify 7 and 10, they would not survive this blunder. It's easy to figure out what happened after the Alaska door blow out. FAA is and can be under extreme pressure from politicians and Boeing, but that is worthless if the other side of the Atlantic tells them to get lost. FAA knows that. Of course, Boeing at this point is too stupid and desperate to realize anything, and I guess they'll do what can be expected of them from the last 20 years or so: another fiasco. Or they'll think they can get away with just FAA approval. My only advice? If you own Boeing stock sell it ASAP while you can still make a buck or not lose it all. They're inside a black hole, and even light can't escape from it, let alone anything else.
I think the lesson here is about the dangers of having a purely transactional outlook. Had they stuck to the core concept of making a great product they wouldn't be in this situation. Truly a lesson for the times I say.
Corporate greed like every company now.  Even AAA left me in a snow storm because now it's like doordash, it wasn't "accepted"
ESG and DEI.
there was a lot of cocky yanks
Never let engineers lose control. If engineers aren't allowed to speak in a meeting or don't run everything at the top, you're Boeing. You're done.
"As an aerospace supplier, there's Boeing, there's Airbus, there's Embraer, and that's it for major commercial aircraft component customers."   Cries in C-series.....
this is the same dude behind half as interesting
The biggest issue ( not exclusive to Boeing) is that people are treated as commodity. The engineering in aerospace is extremely complex and niche. There are only  a few true airplane manufactures in the world. If it were easy China would have built their airplanes 100% domestically sourced, but they can't.   You need people with experience, constantly teaching and grooming new engineers. Until the day that AI can scan and replicate this "tribal knowledge", people should not be treated as commodity.
Same video title as bloomberg
The main problem is diversity hires causing quagmires rather than only hiring people based on merit.
why don’t suppliers say no? how many landing gear suppliers are there? feels like suppliers have equal leverage
I glad that Embraer didn't sell itself to them, I hope the Brazilian Government never let this happen, it's too good of a company to be mixed with this mess that is Boeing
It will never not be hilarious that they said, "You should do the outsourcing strategy that we did that resulted in our old company failing so you bought us that resulted in the 717 you can't sell," and Boeing bosses were like, "yeah, you seem to be saying what we want to hear," and went with it.  And then, apparently, were surprised when the strategy that had been proven to be a disaster in practice didn't work great.
This is a fantastic video! This is telling me that Boeings downfall was caused by the biggest Human error in existence. GREED!!!! We humans just salivate over ways of making a quick buck (I myself am not immune to that). We need to get back to being patient and thinking long term and thinking about how to turnout the absolute best product rather than trying to get quick returns. Boeing Especially.
Was really hoping the dumpster fire that is the KC-46 project would get mentioned. Even though Airbus offered a better product in the A330 mrtt to replace KC-10s.
So, what's wrong with most of this country right now... perverted capitalism... TLDR...
So basically what happened sith Boeing is what's happening with every single big company. Their goal is infinite quarterly growth, and when they can't get it naturally because growth room is running out, they do it by cannibalizing themselves so that they have to support less limbs. The problem is that now, they'te trying to juggle with just one arm, and that just doesn't work. You fire people to reduce salary budgets, and you lose the talent. You cut corners on production and you lose the product quality that made people want to buy it. You can't grow naturally because more growth is becoming impossible, so you start to sell your money making machines. Sure, the cash you got from the sell will look GREAT on a spreadsheet this quarter. But then, the next one, not only you can't keep growing, you can't maintain the new rate because it was inflated by a massive, very bad decision. So, you eat into even more of your limbs to keep the money coming for just one more quarter. What happens the next? Who cares, this quarter we won.  This is the fundamental problem with capitalism. It's not enough to maintain your income, it's gotta increase, infinite growth is the game. But that's not a winnable game.
Good video.  Thanks.  It breaks my heart what bad management has done to Boeing. My father flew a B-17 in the war and reminiscently said "It probably saved my life." I have flown at least a 100 thousand miles on Boeing and the 747 the most. Now, I check equipment and I won't fly a Max and I hate to say it, I like seeing equipment Airbus. The A380 was an amazing plane.  The A350 is too.  It is philosophical and Boeing, like much of America, has lost their way.  Such a shame.
Corporate greed, incompetent career climbers, and greedy ownership caused Boeing to lose trustworthiness. I hope better airplane makers come along. Boeing is too corrupt today.
Before the flight, do You ever check on what kind of plane You are going to fly?
I've worked in engineering, sourcing, and manufacturing. I can tell you that when you start to incessantly financially squeeze your Tier 2 systems suppliers, you create an intensely adversarial relationship. To appear to meet costs the most experienced/expensive engineers - the ones who know everything - are laid off. Eventually the supplier becomes indifferent which leads to quality issues.
In 2017, long before a crash, NPR (KCUR) ran a story about the Max 8 sensor issue and it was not being addressed. A pilot even described a workaround and was frustrated that he couldn't inform other pilots well enough that they needed to disable the MCAS flight-control system. The day before the 2018 crash a pilot onboard that plane in the jump seat was aware of this and informed the piloting crew. The information was not passed on well enough.  I can't find the article or audio from before the crash, and not for a lack of trying. Despite every other audio and transcript being there. I just can't remember what show it was..I feel like 5pm news long form segment.
Remember, Airbus is 25% owned by the French and German taxpayers. Which means, 1 in 4 of your investors never put any pressure on your profitability. It matters...and is one helluva advantage.
Boeing Needs More Diversity and Inclusion........Oh Wait
I will never ride on a Max 8 or 9. I almost had to refuse one but mechanical issues sidelined it anyway.
Making a stupid amount of money wasn't good enough, they wanted to make a ridiculous amount of money.  I can't imagine working somewhere where the idea that someone died because you were bad at your job is an everyday occurrence.
You don’t talk about financial markets demanding Boeing meet a certain return on capital.     The real process is production for profit for the benefit of rent seekers. They see the risks as worth it.
I’ve got an idea. Fire the top brass at Boeing. Hire the folks at Chick-fil-a talk about perfect culture.
Ironically, fine-dining has a reputation for incredibly abusive working environments and use of unpaid stages to make the economics pencil in.   Small wonder many of those restaurants are ultimately unsustainable.
Let's not forget their self goal with the whole Bombardier C-series debacle.
The real villain here is venture capital. Those shareholders you mentioned, who don't want to OWN stock, they want to TRADE stock. Which means they're more interested in seeing the line go up than in creating and maintaining a healthy long-term business. If you want to gamble, go to Vegas, not Wall Street.
I remember that Earthquake. Only earthquake I've really experienced living here that I noticed. Was in elementary school, thought, like, a train was going by (young me did not know there were no train tracks near the school.)
The entirety of MD's board should have been fired after Boeing bought them out
"We shareholders want the aircraft industry to stop spending millions on decade-long R&D projects and start turning a profit faster." "Like... some other industry?" "YES! Exactly! We want the aircraft industry to be some other industry."
They have a culture of complacency. They need to revamp the whole company from top to bottom without bringing in greedy office chair warmers.
So the answer is investors. The answer to every big company failing is investors. Infinite growth isn't sustainable.
It’s not just Boeing. With the new focus on diversity hires to plug the gaps left by the last generation of pilots, flight crews are about to get a lot browner, and thus a lot less safe. So maybe consider driving from now on if you can.
As a procurement and supply chain professional, I found this video really fascinating. It depicts at its best WHY you should have sustainable and fair relationships with your suppliers, and not just blindly exploit bargaining power. Collaboration is key, and this is even more crucial when you are producing a product like an airplane, where even the screws and bolts suppliers MUST be on the same page. Thank you for this quality content!
This is the first video that highlights how Boeing's Supplier Management lost its way, not Engineering. Supplier Management is just really really bad at what they do. No one is ever fired for picking the low cost bid, even should the supplier fail to perform. But that in effect is what Supplier Management does. That shell of a 787 that rolled out was missing specialty fasteners because Supplier Management didn't coordinate a schedule that was executable by the supply chain.
A general problem in the US occurred when we started treating short term and long term capital gains exactly the same in the tax code. We need to go back to taxing long term gains at a lower rate than short term gains. That would reduce the concentration on quarterly gains.
Speaking from experience, the modern American aviation industry is rotten to the core. Airlines, aircraft manufacturers, everything else.
21:33  Lockheed - part of Lockheed Martin - once built fantastic L-1011 commerical jet;  and B-2 is product of not LM but Northrop-Grumman - again, merger of two great aircraft manufacturers.
Aka Boeing got too greedy
Good video
You forgot the part where diversity started to take the highest priority in companies, even over safety in many cases.
It’s always nice opening one of this channel’s vids and skipping half of the video, to avoid the fluff and get great info!!
@21:28 the prime for the B2 is northrop grumman
How many companies need to implode because "cost-consciousness" leads to cutting *mission critical* funding, leading to poor products/service, all in the name of appeasing shareholders before someone realizes that shareholders provide *nothing* to the company's bottom line outside of *speculative* market value?  I feel like this philosophy of "shareholders-first" has lead to the gutting of so many once-great brands all so those who already have vast wealth can iterate their investment merry-go-round, jumping off right before their seat goes down in flames. What good is the speculative value of a company if every CEO who prioritizes it ends up driving the company into the ground?
Capitalism
I did not see you beginning this story with the nisqually earthquake
Every time management comes up with a "brilliant" cost cutting measure the company is in trouble and workers get fired for their mistakes while they get golden parachutes.
It's more efficient to buy the FAA than to build a safe aircraft just ask Nicki Hillary
Shareholder capitalism strikes again
Got to lose the music
Boeing is a perfect representation of what is going in the US. Way too many companies have grown so big and so influential, that competition is suppressed, bought out or destroyed altogether, causing it increasingly difficult for small businesses to grow.   When there is no competition, quality gets thrown out of the window for profit. Shareholders and executives take home more money than most small business make in a year. Even when these smaller businesses strive to make the best quality product and consumers love it, another big corporation comes in and buys it out or throws some legal BS at them and shuts it down. It's disgusting and it's frustrating to see what could be, get consistently put down.
Lockheed-Martin did not build the B2. That would have been Northrop Grumman, their greatest competitor.
people are flying in a piece of machinery made of parts and components sourced from the cheapest bidders in the world, quality controlled to the absolute minimum requirements (or even less than that), assembled in the cheapest possible way and maintained by airlines to the bare minimum requirements to avoid additional costs and downtime. So don't worry people everyone's PR department will assure you that all have your safety as number one priority in mind!
people running boeing are idiots that are one bad pickpocket away from loosing everything. i used to work for At&t and i know for certain that "to make things easier" boeing went out of their way to remove all account security so their communications directors could just call in no hassle, no password, and access their entire att account. their only verification being the phone being used to call in. so if someone pickpockets the phone of their head of communications whomever it was could get access to boeings bank account numbers no questions asked and steal every penny they have, it would be ridiculously easy. only way to stop it would be getting the phone back, or setting up a formal meeting with execs of both companies, which even if they stop the theft would shred their stock prices. talk about running a business no better than a drunk chimpanzee
It’s sad to see Boeing isn’t that kind person we all knew anymore. I hope Boeing gets some help
More money! Again! Faster! And then we all died.
In almost all American companies today the shareholders (via the board of directors) are the source of major problems. Companies that would normally be healthy and focused on their core business instead get hollowed out by shareholders who are greedy and want more money NOW from their investment.
You should look at Boeing failures in the aerospace industry, they can not seem to get anything right
Boeing's problems apply to lots of companies in the U.S. too:   1) Shortsighted view of company strategy to align with shareholders. Some of them might just want to extract value/increase stock price in the short term and exit, at expense of Boeing's long term reputation and capability.  2) Focus on "leadership" talents (which often just turned into corporate politicians) but forgot about the "technical" talents like engineers, technicians, line managers. Once the current ones retire, it might be challenging to find replacements. You got CEOs that talk "corpo", "finance" and "politico" making millions of dollars, while sacking/underpay/under-support the very ones that design and build their products.
Don't forget about tens of $billions they have been spending on stock buyback vs having cash on hand to be able to respond to alarms, alerts, crisis.
0:40 I remember the Nisqually quake very well. I was in my 2nd grade math class at the time. We heard what sounded like an approaching truck, then the ground started vibrating under us. We dove under our desks and held on, then filed outside to the soccer field once the shaking stopped. Later that week, the school gave everyone popsicles because we had "done a good job during the earthquake."
Basically greed !
Interestingly Spacex basically produces everything inhouse and doesn't worry about public shareholders and quarterly disclosures as a private company. Seems to work a lot better
I'm sure Republican influences in the corporate and political leadership also played a huge role in these issues.
haven't watched the video yet.   But did apply for a job there recently.    I am goonnnnna say... for the record.   Bad HR.   Ok on to the video.   will likely comment again.
It's another emblematic example of the declining west. Kicking out old experienced white guys, replaced by fresh exciting diversity!    Also the great replacement is totally a conspiracy guys.
Boeing has the most diverse workforce it’s natural selection really
The problem with Boeing? They pretty much believe they can't fail. If all fails, US gov will simply step on, put on prohibitive tariff on Airbus and force US airlines to buy Boeing.  Which lead to them believing they are a monopoly, able to cut corner and maximize shareholder profit wherever they want.  They are very wrong about that.   Not only Airbus have a factory in the US now, making the previous statement on tariff unable to work. A factor didn't mention in the video is that, souring diplomatic relations with China also didn't help a single bit. (China is one of the last country to allow MAX to fly again, political or simply the Chinese being overly cautious, this led to many Chinese airlines holding off taking delivery from Boeing. Given the highly customized nature of aircrafts, Boeing can't simply sell these planes to next-in-the-line, causing Boeing unable to collect the final payments of the aircrafts).  As a Boeing fan, I hate and sad to see the company have fallen this far. Good luck Boeing.
i avoid american cars and aircrafts at all costs. Very poor quality and QC.
Boeing lost its way 30 years ago when it became a Wall Street prostitute.
MCAS wasn't invented to fix the 737MAX. It was invented in the 60s and used in 707 and later 767 flying tanker variants to compensate for the change of the center of gravity position while airborne - with great success. And, of course, with appropriate pilot training. Boeing put the same system into the 737MAX, but omitted the "appropriate pilot training" bit because that was the whole point: 737 pilots not needing to go through additional training. The problem wasn't the MCAS by itself, but the FAA/Boeing plot not to tell the pilots about it.
*No mention of the all female engineering team at Spirit?* 🤔
I think Boeing perfectly fits the definition of late stage capitalism
Near the end of the video, you mention the B-2.  The B-2 was not built by Lockheed, eh? Northrop Grumman was the builder of the B-2.
DEI in airlines is going to kill people.
Solid analysis
So, the B-2 is not a Lockheed product. It's a Northrop (now Northrop Grumman) product, that won the stealth bomber contract against...Lockheed.
So you're saying Boeing is too American...
I worked for a supplier of components to them. As soon as the 737 max was grounded, a huge cut to management happened. I warned people that jobs will be lost. Nobody listened to me. I was one of the many laid off due to the ggrounding. I'm not upset because of it. I see it as a blessing. I changed my life for the better. The company that laid me off tried to get me back. I told them never. I won't fly in a Boeing aircraft. There's reasons why but I'm not wanting to be sued in to oblivion.
DIEversity
Super interesting but, There's an annoying noise background in the video :/
They know the US government, with all their military contracts, will bail them out of anything
You sound like the guy from half as interesting
The amount of H1B and DEIversity hires outnumber the "old white guys" who built the company, of course it's going to fail.
I retired from Boeing after more than 30 years where I worked in their assembly sites in Renton and Everett.  I’ve also been to their production facility in Charleston and I’ve worked with numerous sub-suppliers.  Is Boeing perfect?  No!  But it’s a damn great company that makes damn good products.  Every single day, more than 1.7 million people fly on more than 25,000 flights per day safely.  Statistically speaking, flying on a Boeing airplane is extremely safe.  I’ll take those odds any day.  I challenge those of you criticizing Boeing to compare the quality and reliability of your company’s products to Boeing’s.  Yes, there are extremely rare tragedies associated with commercial aircraft and we must learn from those accidents.   However, I can assure you that Boeing IS a quality company that cares and they DO put safety first.
Fighting for the shareholder's profits is destroying the product quality of so many things, for sure. This is one of the reasons why I'm building my home in Japan with Ichijo, they are wholly-owned by their founding family and spend zero yen on commercials. They use all of their money to invest in making the best tech-forward homes with in-house parts that keep the end-consumer's prices as low as possible. Also, this allows them to spend a lot of money on R&D to make their homes as earthquake and disaster resistant as possible.
Profit maximalism and union busting are bad, folks
Michelin star restaurants are bs man, they don’t even pay cooks half the time and they insult and assault us!
McDonnell Douglas execs could not run a successful company so Boeing buys the company and keeps their unsuccessful leadership…hmmm…
"We're a well researched channel, until an ad comes"  - wendover.
The locations of the Boeing headquarter are quite telling in my opinion: in 2001 the HQ moved to Chicago, far away from its manufacturing center in Seattle. Things started to went south a few years later. Then in 2022, after the MCAS debacle, the HQ moved again, even further away, to Arlington, close the Pentagon & Defense decision centers. The signal is clear: Boeing is giving-up on being an innovating civil aviation company, instead trying to be a rent seeking military contractor company. Ironically, even on that front, things are far from rosy (ex: KC 46 being a $5B to $7B loss).
Completely blew the opportunity to make the thumbnail say What's Boeing on here?
Not mentioned in this video but Boeing had been caught skipping required inspections across it's product lines, proving it's a systemic problem pushed from above but it's being entirely ignored by the media.  For example, their space capsule gets two inspections from different people to verify the parachute is attached to the capsule. Neither inspection happened because it wasn't attached when they opened it after entry, it slammed into the ground, luckily it was a unmanned test.  They have had cases of inspections not happening for years. If they cared they wouldn't still be skipping them.  They skipped them for passenger planes from two different incidents, military cargo planes, and likely with that door plug given it was missing bolts.  They have also made atrocious designs and software, nasa requiring them to scrap it and start over with direct NASA oversight.   I don't get why anyone hires Boeing for anything anymore. I'd say it's only a matter of time before they kill people but they have already done that.
Don't forget to put the bolts on your door plug. Seriously, wouldn't safety be your main concern if you are making pressurized aluminum tubes that fly 30,000 feet above the ground?
So the corporate greed is the ultimate villain. Mhm..
Blame Wall St.
They should implement diversity hiring. Reckon that would fix it.
I work in cybersecurity. All the CISOs are accountants. Go figure. They understand risk, apparently. LOL....sure they do.
Héroux Devtech is not an obscure company, it has built landing gears for many crafts, and even the lunar modules that actually landed there. This video is definitely part misinformation which is typical of the American way now.
So they got too greedy…
Greed is the reason for all this.
Shareholders did it to themselves, with the growth they wanted and money pinching they did, money hungry vultures who bring incredibly little value with their expertise are bound to make things worse and that's exactly whats happening. Thankfully, even if Boeing fails in a decade or two, the Government will be much generous to save it since its too crucial and shareholders will be rolling in bags of money in perpetuaty.
Another classic capitalism L
Boeing sure managed to score themselves a made in China stamp recently.
Unchecked capitalism and incompetent ineffective leadership.  It's honestly rampant in the modern world and is only getting worse.
21:17: it's Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed, who built the B-2
If the 737 was chineese it would of been permanently grounded as it should be. Never get me on one of those, hopefully no more people have to die in them.
Mc Donnell Douglas execs used to joke that they managed to buy out Boeing with Boeing's own money. That says a lot.
I would like to thank Boeing from the deepest part of my heart for making excellent Airbus advertisements, We Europeans really needed a boost because of our economy being a bit more sluggish, Now thanks to the cock ups of Boeing, Im sure their customers will start lining up at our front door.
It is so horrifying and yet unsurprising to read how idiots pandering to Wall Street got the bright idea to break random pieces off the company for the sake of financial engineering — as if it there could possibly be any benefit to quality or having people who are technically an outside firm working on it, who can’t use all the “internal” systems the “real” employees can. All of that was to make a quick buck and actually hurt their market value in the long run.
The business culture in the US is overly corrupt and greedy.
Everything Wall Street touches, sooner or later, becomes shit
I'm glad that this video essay is not one of those run-of-the-mill casual audience-targetting shallow Netflix copycat conclusion "Boeing is no longer engineering company". The engineering is still excellent. The fact that they turned 1950s aerodynamic platform to compete with 1980s Airbus technology with updated engines is nothing short of engineering miracle. It is simply process problem. When the drawing is finished, they are pretty much workable. They have to work with the limitations of their supply chain ("designed by clowns"). They are just lazily done: terribly hidden, lazily implemented MCAS, poor quality control, and classy American problem: treating people who you depend on (suppliers / outsourcers) like garbage. Toyota's way include treating suppliers like own family, hence Japanese companies often own their own suppliers, and even kept their founder family close in whatever chair position they see fit. The only American companies that understand this according to Jeffrey Liker (The Toyota Way) is Chrysler of early 1990s. Every American companies always try to squeeze their supplier to the brink of bankruptcy and then look for other cheaper alternatives, which pretty much explains their continuous decline. Just imagine, Boeing, Pratt & Whitney, and United Airlines were used to be one company. When Boeing picked GE as sole supplier of many of its model (737 classic onwards, 777-300ER, etc) and United Airlines chosing Airbus (when all others like Delta and Continental still purely loyal to Boeing), shows you what American cut-throat greedy businesses think of their fellow Americans. Airbus have been assembling parts coming from all over the world since late 1970s. And yet they still experience problem in 2010s. Boeing tried to do that with 787 in 2009, thinking that they will be able to pull it off from the get-go. EADS (the parent of Airbus) have stakes or conjoined with their suppliers in various strategic projects, from Messier-Bugatti, Leonardo Spa., all the way to SAFRAN, which also partially owns them. Anyway on the Nebula plug: B-2 Spirit is a product of Northrop-Grummann, not Lockheed Martin.
✈️
As a Line Cook, I pride myself when I make a plate of food     Sounds like Boeing needs a better Chef to make better planes
21:29 B-2 has nothing to do with LMT... That would be Northrop Grumman
This was bound to happen as the unintended consequences of changing the law on stock buybacks in 1984.    From that point on, Boeing was doomed to lose its way as a great engineering company and become a bank. The same thing with every other fortune 500 company.   Manipulate the stock price to squeeze as much money as possible out of the company. Wash, rinse, repeat.
Bro Michelin star restaurants are a complete scam 😂
Became all about the money, cut every corner possible at the expense of your comfort and your life! Going public in the 90s was the death of Boeing.
SpaceX is coming. If they build commercial airbuses, it will be over.
Ug, what's going on with the music track here?  110 seconds in and I don't know if I can continue.  Is it just going to keep like that?  It is?
Years ago already there was an investigative report on the Corner cutting done by boing in the North Carolina facility.
You mentioned it in passing a few times, and you implied it every time you said "Boeing doing..." It's management. Specifically, it's McDonnell-Douglas management that did this. The loser somehow was put in charger of the winner and their backwards thinking is bringing Boeing down.
Puts on Boeing
Finally, more wendover plane videos!
When will business/finance minded folks learn that money and planning doesn't fix everything?
Not defending Boeing, but so sick and tired of investors wanting faster and higher profits
whoever added the sponsorblock for fillers - THANK YOU!
And don’t get anyone started about Starliner.  I feel like Wendover could do a whole video on that and the mistakes Boeing continues to make.
I have serious doubts about flying on anything Boeing makes now.
I genuinely didn't think Wendover was capable of making as big and obvious a mistake as claiming that Lockheed Martin created the B2 Bomber... that's Half as Interest levels of quality control! Yikes!
Incredibly well done video. I'm going to go grab that nebula special now.
Michelin star restaurants are graded based on how a car trip can be structured around them that's why Michelin stars can't be awarded to chains, because it would go against the idea of considering them "attractions" and a destination in themselves.  that being said Michelin stars have been awarded to restaurants individually, that are part of chains
Austerity is legal sabotage.
This corporate culture in large part can be traced back to the influence of people like GE's Jack Welch, where brand power is seen as a commodity to be exploited and spent rather than built or maintained. It's all about cooking the books to post the best quarterly returns, with absolutely no consideration for the actual end results or long term impacts.  Anybody with half a brain would see the proposal to divest and outsource all of the cost and risk onto suppliers, and think: won't they just have to cut costs by sacrificing quality to keep their margins?   And yet Boeing did it anyway, because it allowed them to shove all of those ugly numbers someplace they couldn't be seen, while keeping the pretty ones. The only concern of the executives is _their own career,_ where they get to look like geniuses for a few years and then take their golden parachute to the next company when everything falls apart, getting rich along the way.   The only solution to this behavior is meaningful consequences for those involved. It's not just Boeing - the entire economy is like this now. It's just that airplanes happen to be very visible and sensational when they fail.
If this video doesnt mention DEI, THEN ITS MORE PROPAGANDA
I’m so glad the finger didn’t get pointed at McDonnell Douglas.  Any former MD employee, now BDS will tell you it was better before Boeing.   And that BOEING was the penny pinching business.  They love to dodge accountability.
"There's this neat documentary by Mustard over on Nebula! Lemme just not fucking link you to it!!"
I'm sad to say but they tried to cut cost without improving quality, so Boeing outsourced to cheap programmer in Indian which wrote loozy for loops in their engine control code and end up with infinite for loops during turbulence
they fired the engineers and put genius and put mba bean counters in charge
It's not rocket science. Short term gain over quality kills companies...
17:53 I am absolutely disgusted by this clip of McDonald's employees assembling finished burgers with their bare hands
But but but Airbus and systemic climate phobia and Trump and the youcrane genocide.
Wow what a monumental fumble. The B2 was not Lockheed Martin. It was Northrop, later Northrop Grumman.
A drinking game where you have to down a shot every time "this went poorly" pops up would lead to alcohol poisoning.
Boeing, the sound our planes make when they inevitably hit the ground.
GREED. GREED. GREED. GREED!!!!!! Period that’s it!!!! They were making tons of money, and you yourself said it: the investors wanted MORE money in LESS time. Capitalism is DEFINITIONALLY unsustainable! You CANNOT expect infinite growth on a finite planet and finite markets. It’s profoundly stupid and greedy.
6:59 Vought😳?! That can’t be good😰!
Airbus and the European supremacy strikes again! No but seriously get your shit together guys, this is alarming…
Not a word about the 777X. Interesting video.
Currently watching this on a Boeing 737 😅
The Pentagon engineered several shotgun weddings of its suppliers.
The McDonnell-Douglas merger. Apparently the McDonell-Douglas bean-counters won the battle and took over at the helm of the company.
You have to ask where the incoming money goes at Boeing. It ostensibly goes to pay the bean counting MBAs, not so much to the engineers or contractors. The MBAs are parasites that produce almost nothing and take almost everything. The issue is manifest in every public company.
Airbus dominance
How do you reestablish credibility without firing the CEO and Board???
Great content as always!
Adding this to my watchlist!
What part of the engineering process is "appease the investors"???
In the airbus vs boeing battle, the european seem to have the advantadge but don't forget that it have a problem of production of is planes But in every battle, a new challenger risk to take it all: China
they need to go back to their eoots...no outsourcing, and build everything inhouse....
Boeing is no longer an American company....we need to boycott them.......they di t evsn use pratt and Whitney engines
thats wall all company wa ts...more profits and less safety...think automotive and train companies
Walter James "Jim" McNerney Jr.[1] (born August 22, 1949) is a business executive who was President and CEO of The Boeing Company from June 2005 to July 2015. McNerney was also Chairman from June 2005 until March 1, 2016.[2][3][4] McNerney oversaw development of the Boeing 737 MAX.[5]  He didn't do 3M any favors either. Six Sigma BS messes up companies.
Nice shot of a HS Trident at 18:59. Not sure why it's in a video about Boeing 😂
Capitalism ho! 😂
If Boeing would do fly by wire, MCAS would have been unnecessary..
@Wendoverproductions The B2 is a Northrop Grumman aircraft, not Lockheed Martin.
Don’t forget the Supersonic disaster when Boeing failed so hard to build a rival to the concord that they essentially bankrupted part of Seattle to the point that the NBA team left for OKC.
Well said!
bro b 2 was built by Northrop gruman
Canada who’s operating Boeing Fighter jets opened competition to the replacement of the aging fighters, so what did Boeing do? They attacked Canada’s private aerospace industry over Bombardier’s new smaller aircraft that isn’t even in the same market as Boeing…  So Bombardier sold the aircraft to Airbus and Canada went with Lockheed Martin for its new fighters.  A colossal fuck up on Boeing’s part. Terrible strategy coming from its own leadership.
The death of competence will affect us all in the next 20 years. I see it already.
So like all of us..... Boeing had to make a decision and they did .....take profits now and let the future take care of itself.   Short term profits over safety. Take the money and run. And   LESS government regulation. 😢
Like my grandpappy used to say, the Devil is in the details
DEI is pure evil. It is kkk level racism disguised as virtue.
21:29 the B2 is NG’s, not LM’s? Am i missing something?
And yet greed will take more lives. so, yet again, what is the greed price for a life?
This has Chinese sabotage written all over it
The lesson here is that the union-busting of the 1980s, 1990s, and 2000s along with NAFTA (which accomplished the same thing) attempted to cut costs, only to late find out, much like the railroads, that when you have been on a MBA-fueled quarterly cost-savings hunt for 100 years, there is no fat left to trim from the bone and the muscle and nerves were cut long ago.
most Michelin star kitchens do not have share holders and a board of directors concerned about profit now over everything else
In short, the stock market is ruining another facet of modern society.
Boeing's downfall mirrors the downfall of the U.S.
the B-2 is famously a Northrop Grumman product. Do some research.
Tip of the Spear was BRILLIANT
Btw guys the cool restaurant is Cocina Hermanos Torres in Barcelona
So what you're saying is that, at the root of it all... capitalism is the peoblem.
The answer is always corporate greed.
The prime example of why big money investors are the leaches of ingenuity. Wall Street doesn’t care about workers or the future of a company. They care about tomorrow’s returns. That’s it. Good product is only a plus to them. Of all great innovations, the product was number one. Profits were second.
Like all companies these days.. everything costs more for less quality.  I would very much like a similar video on some of the reasoning of the decline of the American automakers. They have fallen so far and produce such garbage.
Having seen the Airbus production facilities in Hamburg recently, compared to Boeing's facilities, has given me a lot more reason to prefer flying on an Airbus than on a Boeing.  I'd love to see a "Logistics of Airbus" video. It's amazing what they do to efficiently share work among their production facilities while ensuring high production standards.
You know what Boeing needs to succeed? A really good accountant that has the vision to see where money is being wasted and put that to an end.  A really smart businessman can leverage all those engineers into a high-margin year and make a big payday for everyone.  For a while.
So, wait. The way Boeing designed and built the 787 sounds an awful lot like how NASA designed and built the Space Shuttle. Have hundreds of independent contractors design and build all the individual parts, send them to NASA for assembly, and then reap the rewards. They thought that model wouldn't incur delays, cost overruns, technical issues, or other complications? Well... that is just hilarious.
There was another Boeing, it was called, PanAmerican
If I had a dollar for every time some suits fuck up a completely good company by focusing more on short term profits I'd start my own plane company
Boomers retired during covid. Our workforce is very green now.
It comes down to leadership and here Boeing has utterly failed.
*Corporate greed*
Seeing VASP's 737-200 at 7:31 made me smile. Beautiful bird. (Just a bit loud those JT8D)
Cost cutting over safety
honestly i think the same mentality is harming the videogame industry  videogames are art, succeed by quality, detail, wisdom, and yet we see battlepass and squeezes for profit, layoffs for development, etc  Im looking at Blizzard and Overwatch 2 here, compared to Larian or Santa Monica with Baldurs Gate 3 or God Of War Ragnarok
TLDR - Greed and incompetence. A deadly mix.
Sam not only contradicts himself here but as usual fails to understand basic economics and regulatory burdens.   First off in order to compete one does have to be cost conscious. Boeing can't spend infinite money to churn out a plane because they will never make a profit.  That being said the reason Boeing went with the 73 Max is because the government makes it too burdensome to create a clean sheet design. Airlines  (and the flying public) will not pay those extra costs to design a new aircraft from the ground up.   Also it should be noted that Boeing has gotten into problems because it is in bed with the government and continually gets bailed out. This causes complacency and a false sense of invulnerability.
big error lockheed did not make make the B2 bomber that was northrup
Boeing are in a terrible situation with the Max. You are never going to pay more than 50% of the list price again no matter who you are and many airlines who ordered  the max will only pay around 30% of the list price, Boeing will also have to compensate them for everything hundreds of billions of dollars, which will take Boeing at least a decade to recover from.
Excellent video . Airbus isn’t far away from the same abyss for similar reasons . When bean counters have calculated it’s cheaper to sacrifice human life than pay for quality engineering we arrive at this point in time . I don’t believe anything will change their company  policy . It’s profit over lives .After all it’s only little people who do lose their lives .
Boeing is peak capitalism and the race to the bottom at the price of the workers but workers are what a company makes no workers  no Boeing
Market capitalization of Boeing (BA) Market cap: $127.64 Billion As of February 2024 Boeing has a market cap of $127.64 Billion. This makes Boeing the world's 107th most valuable company
Excellent video, one correction, the B-2 Spirit is built by Northrop Grumman and not Lockheed Martin
So basically, Greed. Constant profit increase to appease shareholders is unsustainable. It will always lead to things like this, in all matter of businesses.
21:20 Northrop makes the B2. But as normal. These vids are amazing
Commac will win in the middle
Who's the problem here? Not really even Boeing, but investors. These people are the ones that is causing all of today's problems. Not just with Boeing, but for many corporations and companies.
The music is too loud, can't focus on the content.
I am sorry, but ONCE AGAIN. It was not the flaw in MCAS system! It could have been written better, yes. I am sick of people who keep blaming the avionics engineers. The flaw was to hide it from pilots. Sensors fail all the time and avionics can do little about it. Were the pilots made aware of MCAS they would likely saved the aircrafts - that's why we still have pilots in the cockpit, to act in uncertain situations. The blame goes directly to management that decided they need a project motivated solely by shortcuts and cost savings. If you stretch a net too hard it may snap anywhere, it does not really matter which link will fail first.
The Lion Air and Ethiopian airlines crashes destroyed the reputation of the entire U.S. as a trusted and reliable supplier. The same applies to the U.S. Navy Littoral Combat ships combiner gears failures which made the entire U.S. Navy LCS fleet unusable, was never corrected,   and caused a loss to the U.S. of hundreds of billions of USD.
Dang first real engineering and now wendover is here cooking boeing too
So the executives for decades now have been ruining Boeing by squeezing and bullying suppliers to eke out as much shareholder profit as possible.  And now the company is in dire trouble.  I wonder over those 2 decades how many bonuses were paid out to these executives?  Can the money be clawed back, perhaps by the US government, since they clearly did NOT do a "good job"? Just saw a \/id30 on how Norway is so rich and happy, and all the various examples boiled down to, "the government closely regulated and managed use of its natural resources to the benefit of their people."  Imagine if we did that...
Damn it's crazy how producing things as cheaply and quickly as possible doesn't work....
Line goes up. This is late stage capitalism affecting a traditional company. Unfortunately, it's eventually gonna reach every sector in US economy, and other major economies too. Because it's a death trap. And economies like the US are already so far deep into it that I dunno if there is a way to go back anymore.
Now Boeing are death traps but hey at least they are woke and DEI
Sadly, many companies that lead the industry with their competence forgot or move past the things that made them successful in the first place.  They focus on earnings, efficiency, share value, and ignore that all of that is contingent on making a good and desirable product in the first place.  Without that product,  all of the rest is absolutely nonsense.
its all overall globalist agenda to degrade materials and production, goes for any by manufacturing/fabricating company...also to make less people fly cause elites trying to ground you and keep in small smart cities
Typical approach of US companies: we can cut costs and employees and think the product is the same.  I have been in 2 global US companies and they had the same approach and couldn't understand employees ran away and output went down. They say all the right thingsout loud, put pressure their employees to work more and more.
It might help if they focused less on DEI, and more on safety and quality.
Ever since they bough Macdonell Douglas was their downfall. Look at the MD80 on mayday air disaster.
This doesn't even start on covering the Commercial Space Program fiasco with Boeing's CST-100 Starliner (which has yet to fly any crewed missions while its rival, Dragon 2, has successfully flown a dozen crewed missions. Oh, and Boeing charges more per seat than SpaceX), but considering spaceflight is another animal, I feel like it would be worth mentioning, at least in another video.
I got on a southwest flight recently. Now usually people go right to the exit rows for the extra room. It took into the B group before someone took the last exit row window seat.
"Boeing or I'm not going" has turned into "Boeing? I'm not going."
Greed is the road to nowhere.
The parallel between high end cuisine and plane engineering philosophy just felt genius to me great video as always!
wow so cool
I was at a mariners game with my uncle, who worked for Boeing when I was a kid. He was making small talk to a guy sitting next him and the guy asked my uncle, How many people work at Boeing? My uncle quickly responded “About half of them”
This is a broad brushstroke, but in nearly every industry I interact with, it seems that the number of adequately, and intelligently-trained employees is not what it once was. This is a result of many factors, but nonetheless, here we are.  The result is poorly made shoes and poorly made airplanes. The former is only a disappointment, but the latter is terrifying.
Man... the worst part is that you can feel Sam's voice.  He is not angry. He is not annoyed. He is not sad from seeing that fall.  He is... worried .
It all went downhill for Boeing after the McDonnell Douglas merger, really. Boeing went from an engineer run company to an investor run company after the merger, which ended up with Boeing being 'profit first safety second' sadly.
I worked for Boeing at the Everett plant for 5 years on the 87 between 2007-2012, and it was a nightmare. Worst five years of my life.
When a company looses quality people due to a profit over process mentality, it’s hard to turn that around. We all need to feel safe in the air. It’s not “negotiable”
From someone who has lived in Washington all my life. Boeing changed when it's HQ from Seattle to Chicago.
Hi leaders at Boeing, I know you watched this.
Boeing didn't loose itself, no no bits of it are been lost due to cost cutting on aircraft of all things, Boeing better get those Douglas douche bags out before they loose everyone to Lufthansa, it's already happening
That’s what happens when a company is lead by investors instead of engineers. Money above safety is “fine” for toasters, not so much for a plane.
Boeing went downhill when they started hiring CEO's with no engineering background, focusing on shareholder return and cutting costs instead of making reliable  products. Boeing is rotting from the very top and all the cost cutting will be a negative return due to the reputational damage. Airbus must be rubbing there hands right now! We need Boeing to be competitive for the consumers sake. Boeing needs more oversight from regulators as they clearly can not manage them selves.
Plane content!
Most America has to offer is second rate over priced — with the singular exception of Apple.
You could do the same video and same script for the US healthcare system (have managers trained to cost cut a McDonalds try the same thing with medicine, and find out that all those intangibles like “institutional memory” and “experience” and “customer/supply chain trust and goodwill” are, in fact, necessary, and that despite not having their own budget line, are fundamental to the entire enterprise.
Wendover has finally returned to his turf. Another great aviation video.
Boeing seeing that the robots are lazy now!
Isn't it odd how pretty much every big company around the world got their grip back post pandemic, often re-engineering themselves to be even better, but when it comes to major U.S. companies that bended for Saint Floyd thats not the case and no one seems to notice what and when went wrong... ooh I'm starting to notice! Well, its true what they say: empires lasts an average of 250 years. See you in 2 years!
In hindsight, letting the Mcdonnel-Douglas execs taking over Boeing management was a huge mistake. They couldn't keep their old company afloat, so why would anybody trust them to manage Boeing?
Airbus also had a Partnering for Success program.
On ce the leadership of a company starts thinking of its company as a black box where brrrrrr money goes in and money goes out, and the process in between is (and combiation of) irrelevant/fungible/beneath them the company is done, even though it may still be profitable for some time. Boeing is finding out now what happens when multi-level failures creep up. Their only chance is that Airbus cant just start immediatly take market share away from them.  Boening needs to do something that no American Company has been able to do in century: Return to quality manufacturing at scale. bc it involves valuing employees that get their hands dirty and doesnt look good on quaterly earning calls.
not sure what was worse, that ad read or a better help ad read
1 important thing was unmentioned. Boeing thinking actually beat Airbus. It turned out people prefer more frequent flights in smaller long range planes (787). And do not want 1 flight a day in a jumbo jet (A380). Not saying Boeing didn't make many mistakes. But I have the feeling they will be back.
Thanks to the collaboration of Republicans and Democrats - R shut its door from hiring qualified foreigners, D shut its final door from meritocracy with the social quotas.
So, not DEI?
Great video!
Love the fine dining analogy. I used to manage a fine dinig restaurant, and we had a reservation for some Boeing executives. They had a secret service type security guard sweep the restaurant prior to them arriving, had them seated where their security guards had full line of sight etc.  Seemed like such overkill, considering that these are not celebrities or politicians, and unless you were involved in that industry you would have no idea who they were. In fact the only reason other guests were paying attention to them was because of the security detail. This to me was a perfect example of the arrogance and self-important type of thinking by the C-levels that leads to companies like Boeing losing their way.
8:45
Its probably diversity at work. The downfall of the western world.
In engineering and manufacturing, it's crucial to maintain a healthy supply of predators to keep the MBA population in check.
Diversity hiring and quotas
So essentially business people are bad at running a business. Gee, whodda thought....
You could have just created the video with the words - ‘diversity equity inclusion’  Boeing is trying to discriminate in its hiring practices and has found out what these practices lead to
Lockheed does not build the B2. Hmmm not a small detail.
Management greed is a cancer
Thanks to Boeing, the Lion Air head of safety resigned.
This video is university level educational case study, edited/crafted to keep the attention of an everyday viewer. I have been watching so many of your videos but you have just lifted the bar higher with this one.
This video about planes is the only video Sam sounds so serious and passionate about
It's not just cost-cutting.  You have to at least acknowledge the bonus structure of management and who they're hiring and why.
Lockheed didn’t make the b-2.  Northrop Grumman did.  Northrop Grumman also is making its replacement, the b-21
MBA suits take control of a legendary company, then try to squeeze as much profit from the company only to have quality diminish, people die and lose their once glorious reputation. Sounds vaguely familiar…  Great video as always. So nice to see something that succinctly connects the dots.
Financial capitalism killed Boeing.
It takes years or even decades to establish a good reputation, but mere months to destroy it.  Boy, could they use Alan Mulally again.
What a damn shame... A company of engineers will forever be a company of hedge fund managers... Fuck them.  How many chances do they get?
Airbus for the WIN!!!
Add DEI hiring and virtue signaling to that.
Maximizing profits at the expense of quality ultimately minimizes both.
16:17 You're wrong on that point. Airbus did exactly the same with the A350. They gave some work packages to Spirit, force them to set-up a factory in France and had serious issues with them.  At the same time they started to move big part of the aerostructure business away from the core company and created a separated entity called Aerolia, latter called Stelia. Two years ago they added additional factories from France and Germany, and merged with former Bombardier plants.  The main idea is exactly the same: reducing cost by externalising aerostructure development and manufacturing.
How Boeing lost its way? Greed
I would say top management should be more controled by shareholders.😂
My friend works in SFO as Software Engineer . He payed 100 usd extra for Qatar Airways a350 flight transit at doha to india on a320 instead of direct Air India 777  . Ppl are loosing trust in Boeing . Hope Boeing return to its golden era of 70s and 80s
First of all, Boeing needs to get rid of all the McDonnel Douglas Managers and those who follow the failed business model of MDD. Then, Boeing needs to develop a 737 replacement, from the ground up, completely inhouse and without rushing it. And also build it completely inhouse, with a well paid and well treated workforce.
Venture capitalism: company spins off less profitable area that is central to its business. Area struggles to keep quality standards. Company fails. Venture capitalists already sold, made billions. Industry destroyed, supply shortages, inflation up. We pay, they profit.
12:25 daaaamn! I am happy I wasn't on that plane.
I will do 1 push up for each like this comment gets.
These turns of events are not just bad for Boeing.  They're bad for everyone involved in commercial aviation, whether employed in the industry or a customer.  Two aircraft giants are already too few to be good for the industry.   Having either Boeing or Airbus become a near monopoly would be a terrible thing.
Venture capitalism is forcing this to happen to every single publicly traded company. The moment venture capitalists get in, concern for our safety, our national security, our health, all become secondary, and workers that only care about secondary issues are the first to go.
Sadly, Boeing is too big to fail, and the American taxpayer is going to end up defending and supporting the jackals who've eviscerated a once-great national asset.
Well there IS a fundamental difference between Airbus and Boeing: Airbus is government supported.
ah yes greedy investor at it again
Two words: McDonnel Douglas
Great video.... as usual. Unfortunately,  Boeing is yet another company that has lost it's way because of fear of investors. The company has been over-taken by Airbus and will probably never recover. It's too bad because the company was one of the greats.
Are you sure the B2 bomber was built by Lockheed Martin?
I really wish writers stopped treating "x never had a choice" or "y was a completely new way of z" as story-telling devices. They need to actually correspond to reality, otherwise you're just spreading disinformation.
Many, many, many US manufacturers effectively lost their way and their business, from pursuing a similar mindset during and after the 1980s; profits over product. A large slice of the US based consumer electronics industry, was essentially wiped out by competition from Japan and South Korea in the span of a decade.
Now imagine what could Boeing do with the gazillions of $ sent to Ukraine. How many jobs would that create, how much money would workers return as taxes, how many rents and mortgages would be payed, bills, cars(possibly American made cars).
Diversity hires.
read this as booing and was ready for a cultural analysis on why people don't boo anymore
Turns out, diversity is NOT a strength. It’s better to hire white men.
We’re on track to be able to go “Bo-who?” in like 15 years if they keep this going.
Two notes: 1) This level of detail would never have been possible without our collaboration with the Air Current. To dive even deeper into the subject, be sure to read their years of reporting on it at http://theaircurrent.com 2) As many of you noticed, we had a sloppy error in the ad-read—the B-2 was actually built by Northrop Grumman. This was just a pure mix-up in a section that, honestly, doesn’t get as much attention as the video itself. Apologies for this.
Boeing's mistake in buying McDonnell-Douglas was allowing the McD management takeover of the Boeing management.
There was already a 717, it is better known as the KC-135.
Wendover and Planes! what a combo!!!!
Stop buying back your shares!  Giving away all your retained earning (savings account) to shareholders! Share buy backs do not work out long-term, rather destroy corporation. Capital had in retained earning, has to be borrowed from financial institutions, in turn LIBDOR cost eating into earnings!  Suppliers will work who treats them fairly and get best innovations first. GM attitude to suppliers, GM got not the best innovations!! Boeing way out is to change from "money game type" to engineering back, orderly sell all share bought back to raise capital.  Raise pay to work force to make up for "money game type" treatment of them going forward.
That is because woke Boeing has been hiring people to tick a box instead of hiring people for their talents and merits.
If planes are a commodity and it's all about manufacturing, why aren't there no Chinese manufacturer yet?
Boeing isn't only failing in the aircraft industry it's also failing in the space industry and Starliner wasn't even mentioned🚀.
TLDR: Cutting costs went wrong
8:38 "thermal runaway event with lithium ion battery" = batteries caught fire You have your head high up your own ss
Northrop Grumman made the B-2 ... it wasn't Lockheed.
15:58 the 737 max and the A321 neo are obviously a direct comparison, but 787-9 and A350 really arent. the newer widebody market on both sides has strengths and weaknesses when it comes to the "smaller" vs larger widebody. the A350 is really more comparable to the 777X, where it looks like the A350 beats out the competition due to being an actual new airplane, and not another re-engine of an older design, but the same can be said  for the a330 neo when comparing it to the 787.
I don't know whether it's my headphone or not but the background music didn't help.
Software engineers... PLEASE USE SANITY CHECKS!  If the AoA sensor reports level flight then in the next moment reports a 40 degree pitch that isn't real data. For a system like this you are looking for s specific series of ongoing events not a single value.  Furthermore all sensors should be designed to fail in a way that gives a value that can be easily classified as a failure. IE 4-20 ma. If you get 0 then that should be caught in the sanity check by software.  But most of all designers please use redundancy for life critical components. But what do I know...
13:10 the problem in de Engine design was that the new fuel efficient engines did not Fit under the wings. And designing a new Aircraft which has more Height and space under the wings would cost more. Therefore Boeing decided to put the Huge engines in front of the Wings. This lead to a steep takeoff. To counter this the Mcas was implemented - but without  training or informing well the Pilots... vox made a great video about this issue. Just check Mcas Vox on youtube.
MCAS caused a directly controlled airplane to suddenly have a ghostly fly by wire system, that was almost not mentioned during training, and pretty much hidden from oversight. And contrary to the A320 which basically has 4 redundant control systems, and then switches to direct input, MCAS has no redundancy. The 737 MAX is a typical example in engineering for patched up legacy systems, that inevitably fail.
Boeing, Boeing
So basically greed run the company down
“Boeings best people are leaving.” Or are being replaced to meet quotas
DEI
I feel the ripples way down the line as part of a subcontracted piece of this. I lost a bunch of coworkers and I've missed out on raises because of Boeing's nonsense. They demanded 15% off from large contractors. Years later, contractors demand 20% off from us. They rush out defective materials that slow down our work as well. So I have to inspect things that should have been fine.   Little guys like me try our best with what we get. I don't even like cosmetic defects that makes no real difference. It bugs me. It represents me poorly to my boss and in turn, by boss to the contractors. But the problem is right up there with Boeing corporate right at the exit door.   I recently read that Boeing's CEO publicly stated it's time to "go slow to go fast". Literally how I've been training new workers 5 years ago. I don't know what that says about the situation.
You really brushed over the MCAS software issue. It would have been well worth going into the story in more detail as it highlights various aspects of the aircraft manufacturing business and some of the serious mistakes Boeing made. Just a very cut down summary: 1. If an aircraft is changed too much the pilots need to be trained on the new model which costs the airlines money and that discourages them from buying that model. 2. Boeing need to make sure not too many changes were made. The accomplished this partly with the MCAS system - some software that modified the behavior of the plane to make it fly enough like the old model that training would not be required. 3. What they got wrong was: * They hid this to some extent from regulatory agencies. * They hid this to some extent from the customers and pilots in order to avoid tipping of the regulatory agencies as if either knew they might have needed extra training for the pilots. * There were some serious flaws in the new software, it was really really badly designed. * Even after the first accident they did not resolve the above and waited until the second accident.
"DO NOT HUMP THIS CAR" don't tell me what not to hump 😤
It would be interesting to compare the work conditions between boeing and airbus in terms of pay, benefits and job security.
Another big company where the top brass takes all the money
...greed, grreed and grreeeed, when you move an entire factory to hire cheap workers without union, that's happen, many still not realize high paid quality workforce, with the machines cannot do something quality, only  few tasks
Doesn't matter, Airbus has at least 10 years of orders, and the only other manufacturer that companies can go to is Boeing..
Great video!
So what you’re saying is - they were greedy and cut corners.
This isn't entirely fair to Boeing and their management. A lot of the problems attributed to the issues that have plagued headlines (Poor engineering solutions, quality control system failures, lack of cash flow, push for outsourcing, and lack of talent) cannot be pinned solely on management, but the nature of the commercial aviation duopoly, and more specifically, the presence of subsidies/grants/loans/tax free savings opportunities provided to not just their major competitor, but all their competitors (Bombardier got its CSeries development costs largely from the Quebec government, Embraer gets tons of government subsidies).   Granted, these days, designing an aircraft is an expensive process, and no other company is expected to have 40 billion dollars of free capital available to design a new product, that's insanity. However,  it is those grants that have forced Boeing to cost cut in other ways and avoid clean-sheeting designs — they just can't afford to take on such a task alone.   So no, the solution is not to change everything, the solution is simple: Boeing needs money. It does not have the luxury of taking in porkbarrel government contracts to sustain its research and development like Lockheed Martin does — commercial aircraft are bought by private companies.
Experienced people are leaving while Boeing boasts about hiring more and more You-Know-Who. How surprised I am by the results.
So, once again, the problem is capitalism. If the owners hadn't gone trying to cut corners to make their share price better, Boeing could still be the engineering powerhouse it once was. But good practice always takes the back seat when times are good (because of past good practice) and the suits start wanting to inflate their wallets instead of making good products 🙄
Perfect example of what happens when finance bro's apply their logic to an engineering company....
21:29 - Lockheed Martin did not make the B-2 Spirit. It's a bit hard to show how you're talking about how good Lockheed Martin is, if your reference is a completely different aircraft made by Northrop Grumman
They should hire you to be their CEO , I hope somebody in management in Boeing sees this.  Never hire a marketing guy as CEO looks like ex Intel, Disney , apple CEOs
TLDR: Businesspeople.
When greed meets safety. I will never board a Boeing in my life again.
You gloss over an important detail.  Part of the reason McDonnell Douglas was struggling is that their executives cut all the wrong corners and they developed a reputation for making unsafe planes that crashed a lot.  When they merged, those McDD executives infected the corporate culture at Boeing.
You failed to mention the lost of life that resulted from Boeing hiding the MCAS system and how they avoided criminal charges and only paid a fine. An investigation revealed they knowingly mislead everyone in regards to the MCAS system.
Corporate greed killing good companies. Not a new script.
Sounds like slavery with more steps
My brother in Christ Lockheed is not the developer and producer of the B-2 Spirit. That’d be Northrop Ghrohman one of the countries other largest aircraft manufacturers. Feel like if you’re gonna get one fact wrong in that ad, that has to be one of the worst possible and easiest to get right.
One analogy I’d use to describe the best path forward for Boeing, in my own opinion at least, is being in a deep swimming pool.   You have the scenario of someone treading water trying not to sink, but because of that they’re just wasting energy and not moving anywhere, and eventually they’ll start to be in real trouble. I’ve been in a spot before where I found myself having trouble getting myself moving in that pool, but I solved it by actually deliberately choosing to stop treading water, building up my strength a bit, then launching myself forward. This meant I had to let myself sink for a second or so, but once I was moving again I easily cruised over to the side of the pool.  Boeing may need to do something similar- instead of trying to keep cutting corners and “optimizing” until they run out of steam, their best bet may be to take a chance and burn some money. In this scenario, they go ahead and fund R&D, fund the companies they’re working with, put other projects on pause, and take a chance on making the absolute best plane they possibly can. This may put them “underwater” for a bit, but if they don’t dip underwater on purpose now, they’ll do it inevitably later, so best to do it while they can control the plunge.
Thank you for pronouncing "Spokane" correctly.
Boeing has fallen to the absolute capitalist interests in management. Profit over everything leads to no profit
The TL;DW is Boeing got greedy and installed bean counters in charge of what used to be an engineer-driven company, the profit motive and the stock price was more important to them than passenger safety. The CNBC _American Greed_ episode on the MCAS disasters will infuriate you.
It all went downhill for Boeing after the McDonnell Douglas merger, really. Boeing went from an engineer run company to an investor run company after the merger, which ended up with Boeing being 'profit first safety second' sadly.
on a side note, I feel like it's been a really long time since we've had an airplane-related Wendover video when it was ironically a meme that that's all you made before
attitude problem in their workforcw which goes like «i dont get paid enough to care about this shit».
its almost like capitalism cannot produce good outcomes
The concept of cost cutting hurts anyone, the Japanese, the Boeing guys. Greedy!
And it’s not just their airliners…
DEI….. There I pointed out the obvious issue with all of the FAA underlings in less then a milli second. All mass transit will become very dangerous.
Boeing’s biggest mistake was buying out McDonnell Douglas… they should never have done that. They went from a company of engineers to a company of executives who only cared about the bottom line.
Don't forget the Starliner, which launched on its test flight with multiple defects that would've led to the loss of vehicle had they not been caught just in time. And it hasn't yet flown a single person into space, 4+ years later. This "shareholder only mindset" -- of stock buybacks, dividends, and bonuses --  is incredibly harmful, negligent, and borderline murderous. Compare with Airbus, which is on top because they focused on _doing their job_ rather than helping those with yachts buy more yachts. There is a huge difference between being a sustainable company, and one that is solely focused on fleecing everyone and everything for as much as possible.  Worse is how many other industries this is invading. As more and more are gobbled up by equity conglomerates, do you think we will see an improvement in service, quality, and outcomes? Like Boeing, the answer will be no.
Corporate Greed and hyper-monopolization is getting out hand. Boeing used to be a great American company and now it has rotted into a shameful blot on American Aviation History.
I would love to see Lockheed martin make passenger planes again....
Let’s hope Boeing doesn’t start manufacturing roller coasters 😂
Reminds me of Gibson guitars. Formerly world class and universally respected, to now being greedy and third world, universally mocked by modern guitarists. Boing is in the same boat there, albeit crappy guitars don’t kill people  Edit: I just realized I misspelled “Boeing”, I’m leaving it in.
My uncle and aunt work at boeing, and they work really hard. SO i clicked this, and Now im sad
18:05  Actually...  there are franchised restaurants that have Michelin stars. Joe Vicari Restaurant's head chef is 3 star rated. Carbone is starred (I can't find out how many though) José Andrés Group operates 2 starred restaurants Yes, these are small franchises, but nonetheless they are franchises.
Great video Sam and Wendover Productions team!
Sam, release the next season of Jetlag
Thanks!
Their way isn’t the only thing they lost
Haters man..
The picture of the Boeing building a couple min in, was actually the former Douglas Aircraft HQ in Long Beach
It's the same root cause of every single massive corporate blunder, possibly ever: greed. Everyone wants more and more and more money at any cost. Boeing could be doing just fine right now if they were willing to spend a bit more and charge a bit less. Sure, the profits would be lower, but the increased sales would more than make up for it.  It's. All. Greed.
Not one word about the real cause of Boeing's problems, short-term line your pockets management concerned with short term stock gains. That management used to be engineers then it became financial engineers looking for their otherworldly bonuses and golden parachutes. Engineering airplanes and safety took a backseat to management's focus on the money they were getting and going to get.  Wasn't the entire company that lost its way. It was bad management that lied to Boeing employees not to mention the FAA and the public.
A very good display of penny wise, pound foolish.
Yeah I won't fly Boeing any more. They have fucked up too consistently for me to be willing to put my life in their hands.
Capitalism’s best friend Planned Obsolescence
9:50 my guy was gathering all the spit in the back of his throat cccccccccccccccouldnt
That 787 story blew me away. I never knew that it had outsourced everything including the design.
The working class will always know more than the “college educated” morons.    Engineering = idiots with a degree that have no field experience.    I’ll always take the grunt’s perspective over an “officer’s”.
remember when Bombardier built the C series which attracted a lot of attention and Boeing instead of innovating or developing a comparable product just lobbied the US to try and destroy all of Bombardiers US sales. which then gave Airbus the leverage to buy the C series and now what was once a smaller aircraft manufacturer product became their main rivals newest product.
Where is the conversation about the low education standards at aircraft maintenance technical training schools?  Most of the guys at aircraft maintenance training schools are the type who f-around in class so they never learn anyway, others are just too plain dumb to study aeronautics or mechanical engineering at a University.   Our high schools pass along dummies who scrap by in aircraft maintenance school, easily score a job with substandard training, …and We the People expect everything to operate well?  Nearly zero engineers with any bachelor’s or master’s degree in engineering in touching their soft, delicate hands on these planes at the factory until test flights.
the B2 is made by Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin
I remember what they did to Bombardier. They have no sympathy from me
Capitalism sure does find a whole lot of new and innovative ways to kill people through active neglect
what is the song in teh background?
Of all technology,  aviation mistakes are the most unforgiving. Listen to engineers.
Sam, you made a great video! I love your work. But right at the end you made a significant factual error.  Lockheed Martin didn't make the B-2 bomber. Northrop Grumman did.
The background music is annoying.
the b2 is a northrop plane, not lockheed.
woo, team Nebula. boo, greedy and dirty capitalism. :q
21:30, b-2 spirit was developed by Northrop Grumman NOT Lockeed Martin
video lost a lot of credibility when they said Lockheed built the B-2, but otherwise a logical overview of Boeing's current situation.  The military side has lost a lot of knowledgeable people as well and there's no replacing actual hands on knowledge, no matter how good they were in college.
Look at all the sheeple with their face diapers
We are in the end of the world according to the bible it says there will be wars and rumours of wars going on before the end of the world and the world will hate christians and what they stand for time is running out till the rapture happens you must repent for what you have done and turn your life to Christ to be in heaven
This is what happens when you're not satisfied with mere success but instead feel driven to squeeze every possible last blood out of the stone.
A correction is needed. Northrop Grumman was the manufacturer of the B-2 bomber, not Lockheed Martin. There could be sub-systems Lockheed makes, but a Northrop program .
HiLLary.  CLintonne.   KarunaagapaLLy.
Honestly I feel like what's saving Boeing right now is that Airbus has so many orders the lead time is just way longer.
DEI: Diversity, equity, and inclusion. That policy is what ruined Boeing. Video over.   Making a 20-minute long video just to dance around that fact doesn't make it any less true.
Since the MDD merger, $60B in stock buybacks were made. Enough for 2.5 787 project developments.   Boeing could have developed something new, but chose not to. They had other priorities.
This wendover video is all over the place. And basic fact checks, Northrup Grumman built the B2 spirit stealth bomber, not Lockheed martin. Boeing has tried to innovate with the 787 composite body which forced Airbus to also go composite. And Boeing's 777 and upcoming 777x with folding wings helped make Airbus's A380 unnecessary. So yes, data points show Boeing has put profit over safety but this video isn't a good one for explaining the conclusion
Boeing's DEI score ranks them as number 18 in the NYSE, this is their priority, it secures investment from activist organizations like blackrock. Profit is not the motive, share price is.
tl;dr - CAPITALISM. THE ANSWER IS ALWAYS CAPITALISM. Everything sucks when nothing matters except making more money next quarter than you did last quarter. Hell, you can make decisions that you know will actively sabotage the long term future of the company, but shareholders don't care about the long term future of the company. It's about living life one financial quarter-mile at a time.
When Boeing accepted the McDonnell CEOs, they infected themselves with a major virus that had brought the latter to bankruptcy. McDonnell Douglas also outsourced everything to subcontractors, such as Convair. Boeing should NEVER have taken over McDonnell Douglas in 1997. The US aviation industry is in a deplorable situation today and will not be able to fix it quickly or effectively.
Basically McDonald Douglas got bought out by Boeing and made it into itself
So if I heard this right, it's basically the DC-10 that caused all this
Boeing had at one point the attitude "build good airplanes and the business will take care of itself" and now they don't.
Yessir
I'm sure if boeing hires more MBAs and consultants, they'll be able to turn things around. Infact, I imagine they could fire every engineer and out source 100% of the manufacturing and design. 😉
How many "How Boeing Lost Its Way" videos are already in YouTube?
Always the C suite. Never forget.
McDonald Douglas management team took over  Boeing Aircraft.
As always, it once again comes down to attempts at keeping those record profits record.
Well at least the Boeing CEO made $23 million last year
I knew the gist but what a wonderfully compiled documentary, Wendover truly makes learning the most mundane and abstract things enjoyable
"Depended on Boeing to do the right thing to ensure their mutual success" is by far the most naive thing I've ever heard in my entire life
there is much more in it, part of the problem was the quality assurance and certification that FAA fully failed to provide for numerous reason.
a little disappointed this didnt mention capitalism once and the incentives at play that lead to this kind of cost cutting in america these days
Whether it's YouTube or Wendover deleting my comments, you should be ashamed. Buying fake engagement is already bad enough, but the outright silencing of dissent is abhorrent. Thanks for ruining honest conversation about complex topics, all in the name of views.
STAY OFF BOEING PLANES!!!!!!!
are you suggesting we should find gordon ramsay to shout at the higher ups of boeing
Boeing has spent tens of billions of dollars on stock buybacks and dividends to shareholders. And, shockingly, all that cost-cutting and a lack of reinvestment has cost hundreds of people their lives, and resulted in a bunch of unreliable planes that no one wants to fly. God bless capitalism, in the stock market we trust.
EZ for airbus, W for EU
As a Boeing manager, and General aviation nerd and Wendover fanboy, I have to say; this hurts. Because of how true it is.   Currently I’m in program management within Mobility Surveillance and Bombers. I was a QA manager on the 737Max (directly related to line # 8789 Whatup alaska) program for 4 months before realizing how awful it was. Luckily my senior manager (2nd level) was fired and his last act of good will was letting me leave before the 18 month minimum time in position requirement for managers and non union represented employees was up. Everyone beneath a third level knows we are cooked,  and agrees that we have lost our way.   It did all start in Everett and it will continue to be  problem if we allow Execs in Arlington to be MBAs and program managers in the Puget Sound to be Everett spawn from the cults of 3M, GE, and MD. A lot of us really do care And we are trying hard to push for a culture change from within. But we don’t get paid ahead of the industry curve anymore. The union employees are under paid, managers are underpaid, and engineers are basically unpaid interns again.  Our last hope is Stephanie Pope. A home grown Boeing legend. But she has her work cut out for her. We all do. The strike that is most likely to come at the end of this year could spell final doom for the largest exporter in the country, and my favorite plane maker.
I regret to inform you that the B-2 Spirit was a collaboration between Northrop and Boeing. Lockheed did not play a role.
I'm surprised that the suppliers legitimately believed that if they took on some of the cost to manufacture these parts for Boeing aircraft that that would mean that Boeing wouldn't ultimately end up screwing them over and going somewhere else when they didn't agree to the price cuts.  Boeing is just another typical corporation where they only care about margins and shareholders. If the company was personified, that person would shoot his or her own mother in the face if it meant immediate profits to appease the shareholders.  I could have told the suppliers that unless there was a contract in place, Boeing wood stab them in the back the first chance It became financially feasible to do so. These airlines should have hired me as a consultant and I guarantee I work cheaper than the ones they did hire.
Bad McDonnell Douglas management strategies, outsourcing parts, outsourcing programming to India, poor quality control, regulatory capture by Boeing of the FAA etc. You could go on and on.
Nice try fed I'm not paying my taxes
“This airplane is designed by clowns, who in turn are supervised by monkey” - Boeing Employee  This was the funniest sh*t I’ve heard to ever come out publicly in corporate America 😂
Lockheed Martin did not make the B2 it was Northrop
One crucial part of it wider picture is that Boeing actually purchased Embraer and after one year they broke the contract, not before they transferred 60 of its best engineers to Boeing. They basically wanted to kill the development of small commercial aircrafts by Embraer. I heard from a reliable source in Embraer that most of engineers transferred to Boing are now being left on the corner and the professional promises they had been told were just to lure them out of Embraer. Meanwhile Embraer might see its end in the following years since that merging caused the loss of so many contracts due to the lack of the main advantage in Embraer business, being out of the political games of Airbus and Boeing.
The Michelin Star restaurant analogy was spot on!
Boeing and GE was on a downward trajectory as soon as the MBAs displaced the Engineers from the Board Room
So what I’ve heard from this is to buy airbus stock
14:01 perhaps more crucially still, it killed 346 people
Boeing can start by firing management, and getting new management which cares about quality over profit, especially self-profit… profiteering!
lol incompetent conservative infinite growth mindset bombs a company, what a surprise
I used to be a fan of Boeing and then they became your average American corporate. At least Airbus learned from their mistakes and were a company that took their time to adopt and adapt
Why companies keep insisting on cutting costs and expect better quality?  Products across different industries are now designed by bean counters, not engineers anymore.
Takk!
Nice dodging of the topic of "Diversity Hires" messing up production
Boeing is just a typical American corporation. Run by bureaucrats and accountants for short-term profit vs technical specialists that after passionate about what they produce.
Never mind Arts degrees, the MBA is the most useless degree on earth. At least, Arts degrees don't kill anybody
Ahh! yes the price cuts Prices for manufactured part's go down While CEO accounts go Way Up
The answer to the Boeing problem? AIRBUS
Great story but the most excruciating narrative I’ve ever heard….Please bring in Peter Coyote at least for coaching.   Nonetheless…. Thanks for the story…. I just need to unhear the narrative tone
The investors will surely get it right the next time, after all their mistakes surely they’ll put quality over profits
All of this effort instead of trains.
Lockheed Martin did not make the B-2 or any of its components
I still have a very strong support of Boeing due to its incredibly rich history. Hopefully this is a wakeup call to rely on, learn from and listen to it. I truly love Boeing, mainly because my opinion on Airbus is a flamboyant sort of government run company that loves to copy the homework of other companies (like Boeing's) to create the best aircraft by smudging the lines into their own taste but let the pioneers learn the hard way. This is kinda what McDonnell did, going back to the development of the first DC aircraft in the early 1900's. Wait, big brain moment! McDonnell, a company that likes to copy homework and let others take the fall rather than create it merged with a company that is great at creating homework! Therefore, we get laziness and shortcuts! Yay! We figured it out! Thanks Wendover!
This comment section is 100% chock full of completely fake, paid for "engagement" regurgitating astoundingly identical nonsense
Alan Mullaly wasn't any ordinary engineer. He was an expert in Toyota way and Lean quality control, I mean true lean- respecting workers and empowering them to speak up when they find defects (Andon/Jidoka). Mulally leaving for Ford is when Boeing went to shit, right as you saw Mulally's influence on Ford, as Ford steadily improved in quality
But, why are people surprised? America has led the world in empowering shareholders to overrule sanity in favour of profit.
Don't worry; at no point did CEO or stockholder value dip substantially.  Let the employees and production eat the cost of developing new stuff.  Spirit kept messing up? ... well, they are a 'non-branded' branch of Boeing; BOEING FUCKED UP.  They ruined a legend of an American Company.
While a very good video, I disagree with the summary. While true that silos have been disastrous; Boeing does not need to act like a 5 star restaurant. It is entirely possible to increase quality and velocity at the same time. There is a book called “the Toyota way” that goes into the principles that Toyota implemented in the 1980s that made them a leader.
Wow, it's incredible how similar this story is to a company I used to work for in the electronics automation business.  Literally swap a few of the names and parts, and it's basically the same sad story.  This all starts at the top where CEOs and leaders don't understand their company's niche, choosing instead to chase short term profits instead of pursuing the long term health of the company.  Talk about tone deaf.
well i’m certainly not going to buy a boeing anytime soon
So, let me get this straight...  After finding efficiency by co-locating engineering, business and manufacturing, they decided it would be a good idea to take the opposite approach and sub out design of the next generation to different companies around the world in order to get them to eat the development costs?  Having in-house engineers with decades of experience designing and assembling the previous several generations of planes, they decide to sub out the design of the critical parts to companies that only knew how to make those parts and would have to hire people to do the engineering?  Did they consider that the manufacturing companies would design the parts to be more expensive (they would have to be) to recover the engineering expense?  That's an engineering management failure at every level.
Apeasement never seems to have been the right strategy.
In a nutshell: McDonnel Douglas business went belly-up in consequence of too much "cost-saving" effort. McDonnell executives proceeded to work for Boeing and ...achieved the same mediocre to poor results. Boeing is now struggling to survive. It doesn't help that Airbus succeeded in becoming competitive by virtue of being heavily subsidized by several European countries.
I find it interesting that you can have a 20 minute video about the struggles of Boeing, yet not conclude with the simple fact that Boeing went from an engineering company run by engineers to a company run by the MBAs. The move of its corporate headquarters was perhaps the most symbolic indication of that change.
This is one of Wendover Productions's most expertly made videos ever, so of course it's going to be about airplanes.
Diversity Equity Inclusion  That's what wrecked Boeing. Their suppliers cheaped out and hired incompetent staffing while Boeing did likewise for the tax incentives and managerial narrative.
Spent 23min to say consultants ruined the company the same way they ruin every company. But at least they got paid and investors made short term money.
"We want to assure everyone that our planes are built to the latest diversity and inclusion specifications."
What's the connection between the end of the Cold War and 'Airbus strengthening'? I can't think of anything that makes sense. Did you put like, two random things in the same sentence?
Ah, yes. The famous Lockheed Martin B-2 Bomber. Even better than the Northrop Grumman F-117. 😂  I wouldn't bring it up if it wasn't such a famous plane and if Wendover wasn't channel dedicated to planes. That's a Boeing-sized mistake to have in your ad, so in a way it's fitting.
Late stage capitalism will affect every industry.
That's what happens when you focus on money instead of engineering and innovation. Boeing is a bank masquerading as an industry.
This long, slow, painful descent into bankrupcy reminds me of all the British car companies that all fell together in a storm of management incompetence, anti-intellectualism, and selfish greed that wore almost the entire British car industry down to just Rover which collapsed in a puddle of its own piss in 2005. Douglas Adams once wrote about the Golgafrinchams, (a race in The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy) who sent the useless third of their race, the middle management, accountants, politicians, salespeople and such, away in a giant ark to their deaths. The Golgafrinchams later died because of the lack of services that the useless third provided, but that's beside the point. Douglas Adams described a management holocaust to rid the world of all the useless people. I think of that every time I read about this kind of thing. Excellent video as always, bookended by the Jeremy Clarkson reading of the. Last. Few. Words. Of. A. Sentence.  I kid.
I mostly blame not boeing but the state. Safety must not be at the mercy of shareholders. Easa didn't allow airbus to certify itself. Usa laws and regulations barely work like in third world country. Faa protected boeing instead of regulating
If anyone thinks this is just Boeing's planes - look into their "Starliner" spacecraft. It hasn't launched a single astronaut. Boeing was tapped in 2010. The first crewed flight was supposed to fly in 2017. They've launched zero astronauts. SpaceX meanwhile has launched FOUR crewed missions. NASA should pull their contract.
You could have just said DEI and made a short
How Boeing Lost Its Door
I think it's time to grow another commercial airliner builder in US.  NASA should make their truss braced wing concept available to other players, such as Gulf Stream or LearJet (or even Northrup Grumman) and provide some development funds (or loan guarantee) with something similar to CHIPS act.
Boeing was destroyed by financiers. They took over the company and were more interested in profit margin and satisfying investors than solving engineering issue. Ofc because who wants a safer airplane if insurance policy covers crash expenses? They shifted from an engineer company to a manajerks company.
Big oof for Northrop
Er. surely B2 is from Northrop Grumman a not insignificant aerospace company all by itself?
Excellent analysis - what is so interesting is how repetitive this cycle is across so many corporates that adopt ‘business school’ management as their mantra. So many see a piece of paper from say Harvard as worthy of exceptionalism - from my experience it delivers little but arrogance and a belief that ten shareholder owes the executive team a rich retirement!
19:45 The narrator says "Boeing is still plenty capable of building overwhelmingly safe aircraft" but everything about this video says otherwise. Is this just to appease Boeing so they won't sue or something? Don't sugar-coat it. It seems like Boeing really is screwed and their planes for the past decade seem to be problems waiting to happen, so don't fudge the message.
Wait... so you tell me American predator capitalism with economics major controllers in charge over any kind of engineer is ... a problem? *surprised_pikatchu.jpg*
Trump screwed Boeing by forcing it to take a loss on Airforce One.
Northrop Grumman makes the B2, not LockMart.
Its called being penny wise and doller foolish......serves them right
You didn't even mention their problems with the CST-100 Starliner.
Boeing pulled 2008 moment
I think a lot of American companies these days are operating on a fast food mindset. Quarterly profit growth above all else will kill our economy if it’s allowed to continue
Boeing execs care more about ROI and maximizing profits at any cost, than they do about building quality planes. Plain and simple. They want to run Boeing like it's a tech company, and that is a terrible way to run a manufacturing company.
Welcome to returning value to shareholders and not passionate manufacturing.
At @9:30 the the video talks about Boeing having realised it was at risk of losing market share to Airbus, who had just launched the A320neo. However, it's not so simple; Boeing had already by then lost a ton of market share to Airbus. It hid behind increased profits arising from a growing market, but by doing the 737NG they only sort of matched the A320 family.  For me, it was when they decided to do the 737NG that Boeing lost it, because it was at that point they essentially decided to - at best - share the near term market with Airbus. However, Airbus were always going to have the trump card on the next round of development; the taller legs of the European jet meant it had room to grow, and the 737 didn't. So with the NG, Boeing had also decided to hand Airbus a huge advantage when it came to the following generation. We're now seeing that play out; Boeing has the MAX 8, 9, whereas Airbus has easily got the A319neo 320neo, 321neo, 321xlr all out of one basic upgrade. What's more, passengers actually like the Airbus aircraft, and the MAX family retains the cramped ancient 1950's cabin and the too-narrow cockpit.  So that was it. They decided to share the market, and risk losing it entirely in the following generation. Short term thinking, staying in today's battle, losing the war long term.   What they should have done once they saw that Airbus 320's were selling well in early 1990s was to have built a whole new aircraft there and then. Taking a delivery holiday to get a new jet into service when your competitor is delivering only 100 or so jets per year is a lot less painful than when they're delivering 4 times that amount if not more. Better to take the hit earlier than later, especially as there would have been a good chance of preventing Airbus making off with as much market share as they did. .   Having not done that in the early 1990s, they should have done a new aircraft instead of the MAX. There are strong suggestions that Boeing actually had a new aircraft on the drawing board ready to go. Had they done that when Airbus announced the A320neo, they'd have suffered quite a lot of short term pain. But they would have come out of that with a superior aircraft and able to command high prices.   They didn't do that either.   And having not done either of those two sensible things, they were really, strongly putting themselves at severe risk of losing even more market share. Stretching the 737 yet again was always going to be hard, whereas Airbus could upgrade with ease.   These decisions of Boeings were - at best - only ever going to keep them in a position of inferiority in comparison to Airbus's line up, totally dependent on Airbus not being able to make enough aircraft to steal the whole market. Had they executed perfectly, they were always going to struggle to claw market share back (if at all).  Instead, they executed imperfectly. Dangerously so. Fatally so. Purposefully so. They also compounded this by imposing their Partnership for Poverty on suppliers. They also dropped the ball on QC, across the entire company. This has basically taken a cobbled together strategy that was anyway sub-standard, and made it a lot, lot worse.
Karl Marx predicted all of this when he described the declining rate of profit.  This is inevitable in a capitalist system, you can cut corners in the beginning to keep up profits, but you can't cut corners forever.
One of the greatest companies in the world when it was ran by engineers. Once marketing and money men started running the company everything went downhill.
Lockheed martin does not make the B2 that's northrop grimm
I find the claims that Boeing's trouble started when they merged with McDonnell Douglas to be rather dubious. That was in 1997. It is an ideological problem, and it plagues more than just Boeing. The acronym for this deadly ideology starts with D, has I in the middle, and ends with E. You know it, I know it, we all know it.
ZERO mention of how disastrous the racist policies of DEI lowers the standards for everyone involved... xD
LOL imagine making a huge video just to cover for the disaster and racist policies that is DEI..
Because Boeing is considered a critical national security asset, U.S. government should be much more hands on and strict when Boeing wants to cut corners.
18:47 "Boeing tries to be Michelin star kitchen with a fast-food mindset" ... summerize what is wrong with late stage capitalism and runnig business this way. Short term gain and death on the other side but .. who cares right? Main thing are bonuses and selling shares before it collapses.
DEI. there. Movie over
kitchen part was meh
Being a duopoly means that air lines being profit focused and a moral will now approach Boeing with the expectation of a discount.  Boeing will oblige and their revenue will spike while profits flat line.  Airbus will suffer as Boeing produces planes for nothing or a loss.  We all lose.
I hope Boeing can turn things around. But changing things while they also have to keep up production, as they are already facing financial difficulties, is not an easy task. It is a necessary one though.  Missing out on QA on a door plug... it makes me hesitant to fly in a Boeing right now. It's still probably very safe, but it's the fact that I know that this has happened, and shouldn't have - ever.
Boeing 737 MAX.  Now with even more victims!
boeing is now a profit driven don’t give a shit about safety two faced lying pile of shit.
Remember, never appoint a MBA guy to be the CEO of an engineering company.
It wasn't the merger with MDD that was the problem. It was the creeping influence of value based management. VBM absolutely ruins the true value of businesses, but at least Gordon Gecko gets his cut.
Insane how one earthquake can ruin everything. The same happened to nuclear energy.
Huh, you really do try your best to stay between 20 and 30 minutes, huh?
How the hell did you able to came up with a link between earthquake in 2001 to the success of 737ng? a plane that was launched in 1993 and entered service in 1997. That’s nearly decade for the launch and 4 years its entered service before the earthquake…  And your sales graph is actually deliveries, not sales.  Interesting you choose to make *Boeing 737 sales in bold* but “total delivered” in small font…  And the data is not even “total delivered” its actually “deliveries for each year”  Holy dude… Imagine trying twist the fact to suit your own narratives and still managed to get it wrong 🥹
Lockheed doesn’t make the B2, Northrop Grumman does.
I reject the assertion that Boeing still knows how to make a safe aircraft.
Military industry has very different characteristics than consumers. Militaries are less price sensitive.
You didn't go back far enough.  If you had reached the 1990's you would have found that they bought McDonnell-Douglas, after which the MD accountants took over, and as we all know, accountants can, and do, ruin everything.
Late stage capitalism lol
It's almost like there's a limit to how much money can be made producing a certain product, and that financial structures which are dependent on eternal growth, which makes the compensation of leadership directly dependent on their ability to promise that growth, are disasters waiting to happen.
Let's simplify McDonnell Douglas execs ran MD into the ground MD was forced to merge with Boeing Boeing execs were displaced by the same MD Execs that ran MD into the ground Now, those same former MD execs are running Boeing into the ground The definition of Corporate Insanity!
Short term capitalist policies ruined long term prospects 😮😮😮😮
DEI Hire
If suppliers have lower margins than Boeing, then they cannot invest in their business, quality control etc....
It’s the American way to doing business, CUT COSTS, OVERWORK, PROFIT.
Merica, you will falter so bad that china will pick up the slack and become the strongest economic country. Keep going the way you are and this will become reality.
14:59 Are those giant nigiri?
The B-2 is a Northrop Grumman product, not Lockheed Martin.
As an Airline, who would you even order a new Boeing  plane……crazy!
Quite. Now it's just corporate greed
Planes!! Back on form sir!
A HAHAHAHA i use sponsor skip and over 9 mins of this video is flagged as filler LOL !!
Get woke go broke
The B-2 bomber is from Northrop Grumman, Not Lockheed Martin!
Just in time is such a bad idea for large producers. Small scale production with parts that can be obtained quickly are the only thing it works for long term, and even then the companies that pioneered it keep a stock on hand of things it would take time to get from a different producer (like microchips)
Classic example of when a business puts profits over all else
Two 3 letter acronyms sum up modern Boeing nicely: "MBA" and "DEI". The place is a steaming pile of trash at this point and I would highly recommend anyone thinking of working for them to steer clear. They only drag their employees down with them.
The other possible way out of the problem here is Boeing getting cut a blank check by the US government to fix it and using half of it to buy back their own stock
I am just baffled, almost downright angry at how a company that makes airplanes, that carries hundreds of lives, would ever jeopardize their quality control to cut costs and appease the shareholders, this is literally a crime imo If anyone wants to see even more details about Boeing, watch the documentary “Downfall: the case against Boeing”
From what i remember it merged with Mcdonell Douglas and they got rid of the engineers in charge and replaced with with "business minded" people who tried to cut as many corners as possible.
Years on, Sam is still finishing. sentences. like. this.
Oh that's simple: greed.
How Boeing Lost Its Way: Capitalism, corporate greed.(Esp after the merger) Thats it.
deserved, profit over morale
Airbus never "pursued ... extractive strategy with suppliers" because Airbus was set up that way from the beginning. Fokker designs wings, Aerospatiale does fuselage, BAE, etc.....  That said, you are Correct in that each generation of Airbus aircraft moves a bit away from this model, but it is basically unchanged for the past 40 years
The B-2 spirit is designed and built by Northrop Grumman...
I would suggest lowering background music just ever so slightly, sometimes it’s interfering with your narratives which are quick
Google "How the Boeing 737 Max look to a Software Engineer"
No mention of Boeing's DEI push.  Odd.
It's capitalism. Capitalism is the problem. Corporations like Boeing don't just want money. They want ALL the money. And they don't care if people die and suffer in order to get it.
So, let's see. A rush to profit and putting a Finance guy in charge of the company didn't work out so well? Yep, greed will get you every time. Other versions of this approach has hurt every major aerospace company. Stupid, really stupid.
Lockheed needs to get back into the commercial market at least as homegrown competition for Boeing. Boeing got too comfortable in their monopoly.
Zero mention of Boeing being hyper-focused on firing competent white engineers and instead hiring cheap foreign diversity hires to work on MCAS and build airplanes.
I see those fuselages from Spirit Aerosystems going past my house in Montana all the time
The planes have a built in safety feature .if they hit the ground too hard they go boing  boing
lol. And Google won't even let us post the real reason (I'm force to type this in way the algorithm allows): Dee Eee Eye
If I was an employee at Spirit I would not be motivated to do a good job. Considering Boeing is treating me like shit.
Boeing shedding experienced engineers for decades could have allowed in house 787 development. Wall Street short term focus with Airbus competition pushed Boeing into this bad situation.  Perhaps Airbus will buy Boeing and dismantle into pieces to keep.
They sabotaged their know how. That seems to be a thing these days at more places than just Boeing.
I guess everyone has heard this saying about how safe the airplanes are:  "One is actually more likely to die on the way to the airport than on the flight" It's cheesy, but everyone knows it's real.  My biggest fury with Boeing's greed for profit is not that Boeing is losing its glamour, innovation and trust that they had been building for years; it's that with all this frivolity with which they are approaching airplane safety threatens to break that feeling in people's hearts.
Call something related to flying Spirit and you’re gonna have a bad time
it's capitalism that killed the company, the endless pursuit of profit margins eventually renders all things into trash
Boeing's leaders past and present should be facing serious prison time.
Diversity hires. He won't say it. You won't say it. But you know, and I will say it.
Greed doesn’t build planes
12:40 is actually clip from f1 factory, not boeing one
Confirms what I already suspected. The bean counters came to power, the engineers lost power. Short term gain over long term safety and reputation.
Boeing behaves like it does because it knows fully well that the US government would let their citizens die before they let the company fall
Moves engineers to shop floor. Works great, quality improves, problems untangle themselves more quickly. Then Boeing decides, “let’s move our engineers off the shop floor and into an entirely different company”
So you have a "C-suite" of a FAILED airplane maker...and you merge...and then you listen to the guys who ran the FAILED company???  Yeah, that makes sense.  This is why you don't "merge"...you CONQUER.  Boeing should have run MD out of business and then bought the assets.  Merging is like eating the meat from a "downer cow."  You end up killing yourself.
The town I live in had one of these satellite Boeing plants that used to employ up to 800 people.  In the early 2000's it got spun off into Arnprior Aerospace, which has just recently announced that they're going to close their doors.
Completely ignoring the massive European government subsidies for Airbus that are made possible by the US' massive subsidies of European defense.
FAA: "Boeing is so fantastic that it can regulate itself!" Boeing: (planes falling) "Can we go on with regulating ourselves?" FAA: "But of course, by all means, go for it!"
And it's only going to get worse for Boeing.  The workers want a 40% pay raise.
18:06 Masks don't work.
BOEING always had problems , 747 had design issue in cargo door bcoz of which people died , 737 had famous rudder issue bcoz of which people died
Boeing is an iconic American Company - run by the greatest minds Wall Street can find to extract value from cheapening our lives.
what happened when the plane crashed?  "Boeing!"
If I've learned one thing from watching chinese cartoons is that you should never lose your way. Don't do it. Don't lose your way.
4:33 100% cap 🧢
"Safer than walking down the street" says more about the street than walking. What kind of failed state are we measuring here?
This is a classic example of American business model of greed! I’m American just first of all. So please don’t think I am shaming this country or people. I also very active on the financial market. The issue is companies these days all they care is the ticker price on the stock market. Their ONLY goal is to please the investors so there will be MORE investors to give them money. So they CUT corners. In return, products are NOT well designed ( in this case, Boeing didn’t even bother to design their own products) the executives in this country are just taking the money and RUN! Pure greed!   Unlike a lot of other countries, when tragedies happens like this, the CEO, or whoever is responsible for this just either ‘RETIRES’ ( they already got paid so who do they care?! ) or quit. USA needs to change those escapes laws for the riches. You are going to responsible for this NO matter what!
6:56 “Vought Aircraft Industries”  Come again!?
Isnt the B2 build by Northrop not Lockheed ? But talking about LM, the book from the head of skunkworks ben rich, is really insightfull.
And the US government keeps rewarding Boeing with more grants and bailouts. They got a 20 billion dollar bailout in 2020.
Douglas not only destroyed Boeing, but also destroyed Lockheed commercial venture, releasing it's faulty tri-jet before Lockheed. Unfortunately the public was too dumb to distinguish between DC-10 and L-1011, and that killed L-1011.
you can only make profit if you actually get people to fly on your deathmachines
Prewatching TL;DW guess: money
Loved the video, but its funny that it's 23 minutes that could be summed up with "capitalism".  Any cancerous system will eventually dig its own grave.
Looks like Boeing is going to crumble, and the company that will pick up the pieces will be Comac, the new Chinese commercial aircraft manufacturer.  Comac is wanting to jumpstart itself. What better way than to buy an existing aircraft company at a bargain price. The US congress will have to step in, but may not be enough.
Put more succinctly...Boeing focused on shareholder value rather than engineering and building great products.
2024 and you still play loud background music in a narrated video?
I hear this, I know this, I understand this, but, Wendover Team, have you considered this irrefutable cause: black people?
Diversity hires. There is your answer
This indicates the American way of business management popularised through the 80s and 90s, which has become a global baseline in business education (if such a thing can be said to exist without a snigger) is an abject failure. Management focused on cost cutting, segmentation and compartmentalisation, and growth at all costs leads to immediate gains and long term implosion. It is also a core incentive of market-driven capitalist systems. Without significant regulation requiring market players to consider non-market incentives, capitalism creates monopolies of failure.
Saying that making a plane is not like making a toaster is exactly the wrong line of thinking. People wouldn't buy a toaster if it didn't work. People would not volunteer to make parts for a toaster with promises of money on the back end. they should make these planes exactly like they make toasters.
Damn you telling me it's basically a monopoly? Late stage capitalism? Damn, I'm shocked
Lockhead B-2? Yeah no.
so capitalism ruins everything as usual, got it
tl;dw: Boeing needs to git gud
I know what you're trying to get at with the Michelin starred kitchen thing, but those same kitchens are notorious for underpaid staff and unpaid interns doing the brunt of the work. There was a recent article about how the best restaurants in the world can only exist thanks to that unpaid labour working to try and make it.
All I get from this video is "late stage capitalism sucks"
Oh good old executive management greed. It! Inevitably ruins everything in America.
Money, money, money The big guy trying to screw the little guy. Long term, it never works.
It's almost like infinite accelerating growth is impossible in a closed system, weird.
I could do without the constant music in the background...
Greed is always the case. When they decided to prioritize profit. Quicker for less you know
As always, corporate mergers and the C-Suite having to make “line go up”’ has ruined another company. This happens every single time. Accountants running companies is a recipe for disaster.
Turns out you can't get something for nothing. Who knew?
I have the feeling that you somewhat missed or didnt emphasize the one/two major points. Back in the day, boeing was an engineering company: Their management comprised of many engineers and MBA's . Management and workers wanted to produce the best aircraft possible for their passengers. Then the management changed and all the MBAs wanted a cheap product, so the investors would get more money. The big problem is the cost cutting. Mainly getting rid of quality management. Giving factory workers double the workload that they cant manage. MBAs dont care about safety margins, they care about profit margins. They dont see the longterm benefits, only the short term bonuses and stock margins Boeing has big problems building the 373, the 787, the 777x and the starliner. Its not a mistake, its a systemic problem
DIVERSITY DIVERSITY DIVERSITY
Boeing would not exist if it were not for the overpriced Government contracts
You can’t fool us, we know the issue is DEI and ESG scores
B2 bomber was done by Northrop Grumman not LMT
MCAS is stupid, it eliminates mechanical sympathy.  Pilots just need to learn the feeling of flying without it, and eliminate this dangerous abstraction.   Boeing needs to do better, this whole 15 years is outrageous, it wouldn't surprise me if they next announce you can fly with a knockoff PS4 controller.
This is what happens when you let shareholders run a business, it’s about squeezing value out of the business rather than producing a quality product
Love the cut to Phoenix, Sky Harbor airport at the mention of 120° weather
Great video, and the conclusion goes to the point! Boeing needs to rethink its core, and define a long-term strategy.  Shareholders shall be a stakeholder, but not the main one. Boeing's Chief Officers must focus on Boeing - not on its stock price, and not on their personal carriers.  Boeing demonstrates the core issues with company culture all around the USA. From big companies, to smaller companies. All stakeholders must be respected, and strategy shall be on the long-term.
I can’t help but think of all the people blaming diversity hires
Diversity hires are a hell of a drug
The main issue is the entire world DESPERATELY needs another legitimate competitor. Preferably two more major airplane makers.
I'm definitely not stepping into a Boeing plane for the next... 30 years at least.
Boeing used to be a truly 1 of 1 engineering company that just happened to primarily focus on airplanes. Now, though, they're just another pawn for wall street.
Boeing's mission statement is: “To connect, protect, explore, and inspire the world through aerospace innovation.” Now it should be “To profit, cut, fire, and kill through sheer mismanagement"
Diversity hires lolllllll
What happens when you prioritiza shareholder comfort over passenger safety.....
This is the same company that is actively developing pilotless airplanes and saying it will work great.   Take the last line of defense  out of the cockpit just so shareholders of airlines and airplane manufacturers can make a few extra bucks.
Great video. Boeing destroyed itself by incredibly bad business practices. They tried to cut cost just by forcing others and cheap solutions like MCAS. That just doesn't work and is criminal in the aerospace industry! Because it risks human lives. Sustainable cost saving can only be done with innovation.
The problem with Boeing is the same as other US companies that are listed on the stock exchange. They hired CEO whose only priority is to protect the interest of shareholders. Meaning they will cut headcount to save labor cost to boost share price.  They retrench many QC inspectors that are suppose to ensure the quality of the plane build at Boeing. That is the reason why the quality of Boeing aircraft drop. My first company is Seagate that also have a CEO, who behave like Boeing CEO. He will retrench staff to cut cost to boost share price. This affected quality of the product and cause the company to be in a bad shape. After Seagate was bought over by an investment group. the new owner delisted Seagate from the stock exchange and want the new CEO to focus on the core business. The new CEO improve quality of the product instead of worry about the share price of the company.  The company that focus on the core business will improve the quality of the final product.
If it's a 7-3, my seat stays free!
If it's a MAX, I'm not a PAX!
MAX crashes were due to poor pilots in third world countries. How come none of the reputable airliners had any crashes related to MCAS?
Oh, look: capitalism
I’ve flown all sorts of aircraft types as a passenger over the years, but you couldn’t pay me to get on a MAX. A classic example of how poor management takes a business from the top of their game to the bottom
23 minuted video to not say what americans need to hear:  investor first/revenue first traded and run companies eventually always rot. This goes against the tenant that greed and unrelated profit chasing somehow always ends up benefiting society so you cannot say it out loud
One word: greed. The same cost-cutting-at-all-costs, investor primacy, screw the consequences because I'm exempt attitude that infests most organizations like this. It's a mind virus that will cause catastrophic harm if left unchecked.
Boeing will be in text books as a case study on the risks of brain drain.
Have these guys never done a group project in school ? This is just a larger scale group project... with zhe difference that one subcontractor can't carry the whole project alone, like some people in the school hroup projects did..
nationalization is the eventual outcome here
Gigantic increases in executive compensation made up for by equally gigantic cuts in quality control. Just like the rest of corporate America since 1980. The difference is their products fall out the air full of our friends and family.  Next?
I believe this is issue is one we see more and more with our current economic system. Companies focus on investors and money FIRST and on the Product second. Which leads to issues like the ones we see with Boeing sadly.
So Boeing suffered from the American flaw, capitalism. So much capitalism that it has ruined its own name. Because of cheapness
Uh, B2 was made by Northrop, not Lockmart...
Boeing?  I'm not going. I trust Airbus way more now and I look for Airbus when booking tickets.
Lockheed doesnt make B2 lol, Northrup did
Abject greed strikes again!
McDonnell Douglas used their subcontractor business model to drive their company into the ground, and then Boeing brought them over to do the same thing to their company. 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️  When you become a company more concerned about market capitalization and profits instead of being a company that prides itself on engineering, ingenuity and innovation this is what happens. Boeing has no one else but themselves to blame.
man now that youtube video essays have become low quality fast food, just like boeings manufacturing, i appreciate the high quality of these videos even more, from one of people people that kicked the genre off.
To build a plane it takes X weeks . To build a culture, it takes X years.  To destroy a culture it only takes X weeks. How you do it ? Break the trust between top n bottom..
Boeing's downfall just shows how American Hypercapitalism is destroying its own self.
Don't forget the diversity
Amazing that when you pay 50% less for a product, you get a broken piece of junk full of cut corners and inferior materials. Who could have seen that one coming lol?
Title suggestion: “Max Boeing Issues”
Ok I need to ask... Why is so much of your Boeing footage from Aeroméxico? It's not bad or anything, it just threw me off seeing the logo of my home country's biggest airline and Mexican flags everywhere over and over 😂
Unions ruined Boeing from the inside out
Massive factual error, the B2 isn't built by Lockheed Martin at all
The comparison between a hamburger franchise and michelin-starred restaurants is  spot-on. Start treating People like a commodity and sooner or later you'll see why people are not a commodity.
Title suggestion “Is Boeing going out the door?”
It's so sad too see Boeing like this 😢😢😢
Late stage capitalism
"success based on how fast they can build aircraft, and how cheao they can build aircraft".  There it is, folks.  Building things well is not accounted for (the 3rd point of the triangle,) and that's why we're here.
These days, I’ll take Amtrak or just drive.
Absolutely NO WAY could these any of these problems be traced back to DEI and ESG. It must be the years of Patriarchy where idiots think there's only two genders! Engineering and maths must accommodate and bow to new ways of thinking wherein the answers account to the feelings of the lowest IQ teammates.  Team leaders must push through shoddy work if produced by those advanced via Affirmative Action.
8:08 More "plain" 😂😂😂
The TLDR is: Its all capitalism.
Great job! Aren’t B2s built by Northrup Grumman?
As with everything, Europe > usa.
At this point, Boeing is telling potential customers to get an Airbus.
They need to hire more POC bodies of colour.
Boeing is the McDonald's of air manufacturers. Excellent analogy as it hits the nail on the head.
Question: How did Boeing lost its way? Answer: BEAN COUNTING OVER ENGINEERING
The answer, as always, is corporate greed.
16:36 Um actually, the A320 isn't the best selling airplane of all time. That's the Cessna 172 at 44,000 to the A320's 12,000.
The food analogy is excellent!
Huh, so monopolies are bad for everybody... Who would have thought?
Buying McDonnell Douglas was truely the worst decision they made
Capitalism eating itself,. but in a hyperlocalised way. The more you squeeze to make more money, the more you destroy the thing which makes the money.
Mcdonnell Douglas forever in our hearts ❤
How do you mixup Lockheed and Northrop there at the end? Huge and calls in your credibility.
Look hun, wendover is covering planes again. How long has been, about a year?
Ever since I heard Boeing was lobbying to push its recertification of the 737 max I have resolved to *never* fly on a 737 max, and to always if possible fly on an Airbus.   Disgusting behavior by a corporation that deals in extremely precise engineering to keep people safe.
In a monopoly regime you can do good or 😞 Boing have done that but now for Wall street strategy they have done a Caos 😂 now they are in a risky position.
Boeing's failures can be described in 3 letters: DEI.  Not just at the company, but in higher ed as well. Colleges are no longer churning out the engineers and technicians needed to support an operation as massive as Boeing's. They've gone all in on social justice degrees, and so their graduates come out with absolutely zero job skills. They're creating an entire generation of people who will not be able to take over these incredibly complicated, high-tech companies that make the modern world modern.
Gee, it's almost like sacrificing long-term stability for the sake of short-term profits is really bad for long-term stability. Who knew.
To fit in 20 minutes, video length 23 minutes
To big to fail. Say it with me.
Boeing lost da wey. Someone show it da wey.
Spot on. Wages are not the cost. But CEOs don't get it.
Basically it all come down to $$$
Dont forget Boeing almost lost their Starliner space capsule, cause of bad software, and the fact the capsule have not had an official mission yet, cause they used flammable tape on their parachute.
"Boeing is trying to be a Michelin-starred kitchen with a fast food mindset"  The most brilliant assessment I have ever seen in this case, right next to the infamous "Designed by clowns, supervised by monkeys" statement.
I thought the whole bit about food and chefs was going to merge into a Hello Fresh add
very insightful. Wished Boeing fanboys would watch this. Boeing management too, but those poeple cant be helped at this stage.
The seek of profit and the mass failure on a craft that cannot function how it became: a capitalism flaw that is now hitting its greatest advocate.
Boeing Starliner has been a failure, but NASA keeps giving them money and extra time.  SpaceX's Dragon capsule is working just fine.
Hi, I am an C-17 Aircraft Maintenance Instructor in the USAF. There is a diagram at 3:12 and I wanted to know how I could get some of the visual resources you use. Specifically I am trying to find visuals to explain applicability coding to brand new Airman.
I love how at 17:22 when flying in 120° temperatures you cut to a shot of Sky Harbor, a few miles from me which 100% accurate. It's that level of detail that makes me love your channel!
Like all quasi monopolists, Boeing let success get to their heads, got lazy and didn't take competition serious enough.  And eventually lost to a company that has to produce parts all over Europe to satisfy all countries.
You just describing what is wrong with late stage capitalism without competition.
Just about everything in the US is turning to trash
Here’s the nutshell version: “Greedy C-suite people who care more about their own paycheck than doing things right.”
80s strategy outsource all manufacture to Asia and leave development and for Boeing final assembly. Manufacture is dirty business, from 1946 when manufacture made 45% today only 12%. Best example is TSMC where USA not wanted develop own nanometer equipment it cost 3 billion dollars and requires scientific know-how. House passes $280 billion package to boost chip because from 70s America lost 80 thousand high qualified specialist in semiconductor development and manufacture. Nanometer  chips manufacture is not paper toilet rolls manufacture. Same with Boeing outsourcing all manufacture outside USA people will go work at Wall marts, service is less polluting. Apple on care about development outsources even assembly to Foxxcon Taiwan company. Nvidia tech giant only design architecture of integrated circuits.2008 financial crisis  have low impacts to Germany and China financial sector makes only 5%. Airbus is 100% subsidized by government every year they spend 3billion euros on development and if plane cost more than 100 million per unit 2/3 of ticket is also covered by tax payers money, airlines also must pay for jet fuel, maintenance, airport fees. A380 development costs were estimated at $25 billion for 15 years, $25–30 billion. It is not bad as Concorde 50 billion but it will be never profitable. Boeing-Airbus trade row set to end after 17 years which government pump more taxpayers money into industry where additionally 2/3 of ticket is more subsidized. Communist china do same with battery packs they pumped 200 billion dollars into EV. That is reason why local people lives so poor outside downtown area. 0.7% are stinking rich  15% can afford EV with government grand and rest of 85% population? Can we instead air travel use zoom. skype, email, phone? Internet uses 0.01W energy per kilometer of optic fiber, where empty 777 in short trip uses jet fuel more than 5 American will use in entire their life to to drive car.
Another video that, even before viewing, I know didn't cover they root cause because it is still up on Youtube.
The b2 bomber was made by Northrop not Lockheed  Still a very informative video tho
This is issue with Capitalism. It has its good sides but the profit driven system has such cases
The drive for profits for their shareholders is compromising safety. Parts are no longer made in house but come from the cheapest bidder. I saw some docu's on boeing as a company and they made some weird decisions. Separating the engineers from the business so they could not complain or infuence as much, for instance. The weird mergers. Lack of Q&A. I dont like flying on boeing now. The one plane that does the route i take is a damn 737 max. It was a bombardier dash 800.
Boeing started going downhill when design was de-integrated. You keep things together via listening to the workers and improving processes as they suggest. Change from above where the people mandating change had only the faintest idea of where to make the change is asking for trouble. Management gets disconnected from engineering further and further. The system breaks from inside.
I work at spirit aerosystems it’s a mess rn but we are trying our best
MD went bankrupt, Boeing bought them and used their strategy to run a business? Seems extremely dumb.
Airbus is doing what boeaint doing.
I don't think any talent or good luck is able to make any new aircraft profitable before the transition away from fossil fuels reaches the airlines. But we are in a bit of a awkward spot where we don't know what the "green" future will look like for air travel. Do we bet on battery technology that will allow big aircraft like we have now? Do we bet on clean fuels being safe, effective and able to be mass-produced? Do we bet on ground-based alternatives for long distance travel?
What is happening with Boeing and Spirit is a foreshadowing of our collective future. The future generations will be unable to maintain or replicate their forebearers creations on any mass scale. There just aren't enough intelligent skilled people in the work force.  Those that are skilled will work for the highest bidder, and the other 80% of companies (mfg or service) with have to make due with lots for errors and problems. I think it's called disgenics, get used to it.
Oh, so greedy capitalism happened and it mutilated the production process.
Bro the video is copied from Bloomberg. It even has the same title :)) Stop copying others
Boing is what happens when you allow MBAs near your business
hai audio wikipedia aka quarter as interesting
I have always preferred Airbus. European businesses and products are innately superior to American.
Musak's too loud, can't hear the monologue.
TLDR: They put so much focus on short term gains that they lost out on the bigger picture and now fate has caught up to them
2:40 Like Aston Martin F1 Team 12:39 Haas
B-2 Spirit is not a product of Lockheed Martin...
Boeing has always been an incredibly interesting company to me. However, looking back at their failures, I’ve also learned to look at the irony in the famous saying that “knowledge doesn’t always correlate to skill.”   My dream company after college was Boeing. However, I was deemed not good enough for an interview because I had a GPA lower than 3.8 — my GPA was lower because I worked full time in the industry to graduate college without debt, while many of my peers who had a near perfect GPA in college had never worked a day in their life. By the way, I was an engineering student at one of the best schools Ivy League schools in the world.
maybe renaming the awkward brand name might help a very tiny little bit? remove the letter E to avoid pronunciation issues.
boeing "everyone's going on about the door panel, but no one is talking about how all our oxygen masks were installed properly!"
BTW. Airbus also works with several factories all around Europe (and now US and China), but they do not make providers to outbid their competition by offering "less".
I’ll never fly with boeing again
Yet again another amazing video. You explain the situation perfectly.  The machine that builds the machine is broken. Penny pinching and lack of respect for the people actually building the plane (both at Boeing and maybe more importantly at their sub contractors) are the key problems. They need to change their mindset before all the people that actually know how to build a plane are gone. They need engineers at the top again not accountants.  Instead of moving HQ to DC they should move back to Seattle.  The CEO needs to be on the production floor a lot more often not 3000 miles away kissing the arses of government officials.
So it's not DEI? You mean to tell me Elon was wrong?
Well, I d never fly with a Boeing airplane. Its a failed company with flawed products.
Also that's a shit flag, Boeing. You can't just slap your logo on there, text and all!
It's almsot kind of sad, they've been heavily let down from one aircraft that head great potential, just wasn't done right.
i grew up in seattle in the 70's, and my father worked for the FAA.  all my friends in school their fathers all worked at böing or in the bidness, as did i.  i've been in and out of renton and everett as a vendor countless times.  there is böing fever, where vendors become obsessed.  i've always been wary of that.  don't stake your bidness on that.    it's very sad to see how their reputation for quality has suffered, and chasing the dollar has become a way of life.
Really interesting.
i grew up in seattle in the 70's, and my father worked for the FAA.  all my friends in school their fathers all worked at böing or in the bidness, as did i.  i've been in and out of renton and everett as a vendor countless times.  there is böing fever, where vendors become obsessed.  i've always been wary of that.  don't stake your bidness on that.    it's very sad to see how their reputation for quality has suffered, and chasing the dollar has become a way of life.
Greed
Boeing...what a shower of basterds* 🤦‍♂️
I guess you could say Boeing really took a nosedive.
Great video!  Thanks.  21:30 — minor nit:  the B2 is Northrop-Grumman, right?
When you optimize fast food you get salmonella and e coli in your salads/burgers. It doesn't work just as in the airline industry. Optimizing to max short term profit will always result in a worse product and poor working conditions where people don't care.
like the part most 17:15 to 17:34
Bigger isn't always better. And greed isn't good, either.
Did you guy's get QTCinderella for research on this because it feels like shes been saying these things for years about why she wont fly in a Boeing plane
TLDR: Boeing's problem is it's executives being too money hungry and fucking everything up, noted.
„They just CCCKKHHHouldn‘t“  Good video though
broken narrative
I'm quite curious at the moment as a student pilot. If anyone could give me their input I would be quite grateful. I'm currently living in Europe and finishing up my Air Transport Pilot Liscence exams and will most likely apply for an airline around October of 2024. Unlike the US, pilots in Europe have a relatively okay chance at finding an airline job at one of the budget airlines after finishing their flight training (roughly 200 hours). The airline I wish to apply to in my country operates  the B737, however with all these issues surrounding Boeing I wonder if I'm (metaphorically) shooting myself in the foot paying for a type rating on an aircraft who's manufacturer is heading towards the gutter. Thanks for anyone who responds (the comments section here usually has fantastically smart and open-minded people) and another fantastic video by Wendover. Have a fantastic day yall😊.
16:43 Narrator: Boeing and Airbus know they're going to get orders regardless...and so ultimately their financial success (depends on) how fast they can build aircraft and how cheap they can build aircraft. Shopper: No. Fast, cheap, AND reliable.  Anthropologist: With high tech, stressed out suppliers with unhappy workers are a quick way to destroy reliability. The US-based management approach spread internationally in the past 30 years has moved to treating workers and subcontractors as things, not humans - and Boeing demonstrates the failure of that approach.
Boeing? I wouldn't fly on Boeing. Boeing is not Boeing anymore 😂
737=A320 787=A330 777=A350 15:57
I would love to see an in depth video like this about how airbus weathered the same period successfully.
Do a video about Square Ds manufacturing nightmares.
Imagine if FTC had turned down the McDonell and Boeing merger.
That McDonald’s/Michelin star analogy does not track.
I work with Boeing aircraft every single day.  They are consistently breaking down, requiring maintenance and going U/S (unserviceable).  I refuse to fly on a 737 Max 8.
DEi doesn't work.
As someone who lives in renton, boeings problems are worse on the ground then stated. They can't find people to work in the factories. Nobody trusts the higher ups enough to try to apply for a job. More than likely they'll be laid off in months
There was a time when Boeing was run by engineers who deeply understood airplanes. Now Boeing is run by finance experts, who deeply understand money. In the past, Boeing made good airplanes and money. Now they make neither.  Maybe allowing money worshippers to make our collective decisions for us ISN’T a great idea. (Ahem, capitalism.)
Great job ! so many insights !
Lockheed Martin building new Commercial jets would be a blast…
So Boeing became McBoeing
Time for COMAC to hire some high experienced Boeing ex-employees
As an engineer with many family, friends, and coworkers who’ve been around Boeing or worked for them… it was very obvious to most this was happening.   Talked with a coworker who was on multiple engineering teams for Boeing, the Max 8-9 development teams he stated were hell to work.   Kind of like a lot of American corruption, he Boeing wasn’t Boeing they would’ve gone bankrupt and be a memory. They won’t though because, they are allowed to go under. Take that was defense or politicians retirement funds either one.
The horse, must be the horse
This "How Boeing Lost Its Way" video felt a lot more like a "How America Lost Its Way" video by the end. I see what you did there.
When you put profit over safety:
I used to find myself uncomfortable when flying Airbus instead of Boeing, now I find myself more uncomfortable when flying Boeing instead of Airbus.
Just hire Musk, he knows more about manufacturing than any other human alive.
Bro’s advice is literally git gud
When capitalistic shittification reaches airplanes, you should start questioning capitalism.
From the point they went 'Profit first and safety second" in an industry which demands "Safety first", they were doomed to fail.
Boeing is pure evil. The worst. Ever since they got bought out in the 90s and went public.. it's literally been the worst thing to happen to US aviation
From the merger to DEI and everything in between.
it would be cool to have videos of this quality about Airbus
Why plane fall out of sky? Because shareholder payouts.
When any business shifts its focus to be strictly profit driven, it loses its core values and the final product suffers. When an engineering company does the same, we get MAX failures. Well crafted video Wendover.
You can always count on bean counters to ruin everything. Classic late stage capitalism bullshit!
And you didnt even mention the failed  merge with embraer
The ending remarks, with that analogy to kitchen, were so on point and beautifully put. Hoping to see Boeing make a strong comeback that's a win-win for everyone in world!
did amy also report in this
Shareholders - The biggest disaster the world has ever experienced
Maximise profits, and boom this is what happens.
Extremely interesting and well-narrated. And further: as one of the wrinklies in the IT business I have seen exact parallels in my workplaces, with similar outcomes. Is US-led capitalism as a whole maybe steering to a false lodestar?
i 100% knew this video was coming hehe
Put it this way, buying a Boeing plane is like buying a shitty product on Temu. One gets what they pay for. Boeing really do make and inferior product now.😒
"HaHa, profit margin go brrrrr" -Boeing
If it’s a Boeing, I’m not going! 🧐
rhymes with MBA
As a person who has lived their whole life within an hour of the Everett Boeing plant and had numerous people in my life I have known who worked there.....I absolutely would not trust flying on planes built in those factories in the last 15 or so years!  Many times I heard those who worked on the ABSOLUTELY overworked production lines how they would find spots to nap for an hour or so because they were so beyond tired while working.  Plus the stuff that would go wrong that would not get noticed due to how quickly things moved.  I'm honestly shocked there haven't been more major issues that have occurred given their production employees worked 60+ hour weeks for years now.  No amount of money is worth giving up that much of your time, energy or life to a corporation.
CORRECTION: B-2 Bomber was built by Northrop not Lockheed Martins
Greed and stupidity in short
Ummm.....Lockheed did not build/design the B2, it was Northrop.  Such a fundamental error doesn't inspire trust in what you are saying about the related topic!
I've  never understood why a tire company rates restaurants?
If its Boeing, I ain't going.
A tale as old as Capitalism: Greed. Under the disguise of euphemism like 'efficiency', 'streamlining', 'workforce optimization' etc. a pride of a nation is being made a laughing stock who can't fix their own doors
the sponsor block addon has never been this useful before
787 is equivalent to the A330neo, not the A350!
B2 was Northrup Grumman
It's sad but after the Douglas merger the old boeing died. They used to be a company for engineers, people used to care for their craft and the product but now thanks to new management it has become a company ran by shareholders, safety be damned.  Another company to go down the path of overdone capitalism.  The moment MBAs gets incharge of engineering companies they bring it to the ground.
Many of Boeing problems are coming from American extra capitalist minds, trying to earn as much as they can, on expense of suppliers and workers. Its a broken Boeing culture. Airbus is fair to his suppliers and respects its workers and their unions. I believe that when workers are good paid and have all social benefits, insurances, holidays they are much more motivated to work best they can, opposite to workers who work for minimal wages what Boeing tried to do in Charleston. So its companies culture problem 100%. No shortcuts in manufacturing aircrafts. Its the reason Airbus with European work culture wold never get itsrlf in same problems as Boeing.
I'm sad you didn't cover much into the fact that when Boeing took over MD, MD's management basically took over Boeing. This changed the strategy from engineering first to business first.
So, capitalism?
Diversity hiring be like:
The B-2 Spirit is made my Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin. But thanks for letting us know that either you didn't actually watch the documentary you're plugging at the end or the documentary you're plugging at the end is filled with errors and isn't worth watching.
15:29 This is jet airways (Indian airline). It's no longer flying
So Boeing is technologically behind, morally corrupt, commercially inept, ignorant of the safety of consumers/users... and based on an aggressively capitalist ideology.  😮😮😮 It's almost like being profit-centered is harmful to everyone involved except the ones making the profit
they made a lot of money in a short time, thats all that actually matters to them, MBAs can't plan long term
Summary, Boeing do business in the American way.
Boeing should continue to follow the Japanese lead by implementing an andon cord, where any employee can halt production when they see something that is not being done correctly.  The issue is then permanently fixed, and production can continue.     You know that there were some employees on the production lines, or a junior engineer that identified the single sensor failure before these issues happened.
CAPITALISM!
They acquired the fatal MDS syndrome...McDonnell Douglass syndrome.
The B 2 is a Northrop Grumman plane if I am not mistaken. But I can imagine that Lockheed Martin had a big part of the pie.
Collided with, something you never want to hear a documentation say about an aircraft company
Boeing killed itself when it bought mc d and didn't fire the executives that put it under
Boeing needs Joe Sutter, Bill Allen, a head office where they build the product, and Juan Trippe as a customer. Bean counters do not build a good product in any business.
Greed & Stock price ! They can care less about safety
Well MAX can actually fly just fine without MCAS, this system is to fix the pre-stall control feel and it's part of the speed trim system can can be treat as runaway stabiliser. The aircraft is fine, but Boeing should never let any of their customer have an option with only one alpha vent, should never just skip the training process and modification of FCOM / FCTM. As a Boeing driver, yes, Boeing is now in a very dark hole, and it is having fundamental problem, hope it can gets out from this pit hole and come back to make those great planes again.
This is so much better than stuffing your videos full of corny jokes and forced puns.
21:33 It would be great the check the story behind the figures.  1. The 2.1 bn is the program cost and not the flyway cost. 2. It was planned to build 160 but one if last action of G.H. Bush was simply shutting down the production at the 19th airframe.  Not because of its complexity was not built more B-2. Because and of the Cold War and massive cuts is defense spendings.
Excellent video. It's not about profit, or that corporations are always evil. It's about leadership. And clearly the current leadership (since early 2000s) haven't focused on great aircraft but on cheap aircraft. And as an air flyer and an airline, you love cost-mindfulness but an airplane crash is game over for flyers and airline. Safety matters more than cost when you start to get these bunches of incidents.   Boeing will survive...I hope we flyers do.
TL;Dr; boeing execs tryna be cheap
boeing video essays/short documentaries are one of my favourite things to watch nowadays, it’s crazy to see how a company can devolve instead of evolve.
I find it really interesting that Lufthansa just ordered a lot of 737 Max 8. They are basically an Airbus only operation, and nonetheless have they realised that Airbus pulling away from Boeing actually helps no one in the long run. A healthy competition between Airbus and Boeing is crucial for better prices, safety, and in the end, all of aviation. In that spirit, I hope that Boeing manages to recover from their current issues.
0:40 That earthquake was strong enough that I felt that jolt of energy all the way in Vancouver BC sitting against the wall in high school that day…
The East man wasn't wrong. There are a lot of areas that we've sucked at for decades. You (yes I'm talking to you) don't have trade skills.   Hopefully you can fix a flat tire without calling AAA on your dad's insurance plan that is basically a ripoff.   Real change with the workforce does start with the influencer, but if you can't influence them, hey just algorithm and hopefully their hormones are somewhat solid.
Boeing lost its way because the US Government deregulated the industry and decided that companies could inspect themselves and report problems on themselves to the government themselves.
9:49 Chkkkrcouldn’t 😆
Just leave it to Airbus
shareholder demands and poor management strikes again!!!
Should've never let Alan Mullally go, if he were CEO they'd never have found themselves in this mess
Culture is a weird thing, it takes years to build, and yet you can lose it so fast: Maersk a danish sipping company has a moto : due diligence ! It's a pity that Boeing does not also have this moto.
forgot to mention the hostaged workforce with which the "too big to fail" basically blackmails gov for subsidies... those are bad incentives leading to corruption at both boeing and the government. especially when money is given not to invent but to chaise the tail of mishaps
So boeing USA is fast food and airbus France ist michellin 💁🏼 who could have thought
*video sponsored by airbus*  Its so obvious lmao
We’re starting to gradually see that it’s not both Boeing and Airbus making almost identical products and selling them based on speed and cost. Airbus’ A320 and A350 are proving to be different from the 737 and 787 by being more reliable products that don’t crash and don’t get grounded routinely. Three things matter here: speed, cost, and quality. You can never have all three, and Boeing and Airbus have chosen different options. Boeing chose speed and cost, Airbus speed and quality /  cost and quality dependent on model
Maximize profits for today, and forget about tomorrow.
The problem with MCAS' introduction is a warning for everybody in similar industries. Basically the simple brief for a basic process to install new engines has bloated to several redesigns including to the flight software while the change control of that process was still set for a minor change.  It is the woman-that-swallowed-a-fly again, change upon change and nobody ever looked back to see how far they had wandered from the starting issue.
I wish nebula was cheaper for poorer countries/third world as for an average most of us can only afford subscriptions under 75 Philippines pesos
The industry as a whole needs to change. There's practically zero innovation because they just can't afford to take risks. This is essentially what happens when a company "lives paycheck to paycheck"; they NEED to keep pumping out new aircraft to stay afloat. A commercial aircraft from the 40's looks nearly identical to one today, the general design just hasn't changed.
So once again capitalism is to blame for great tragedies and human deaths? So if this comapny, which had brilliant engineers and designers, had focused on building a better product instead of chasing ever increasing profits none of this would have happened. I'm beginning to see a pattern here...
Modern racist Boeing.  Three simple letters. D.E.I.  We are now seeing the beginnings of the competency crisis. Idiocracy, here we come.
notice how the problem isn't airplanes or manufacturing or even engineering, it's customers. making a plane is expensive, and that'd be fine if passengers could afford tickets that were accurately priced. but as many have noted, first class seats which used to fund airlines aren't being bought any more, because people either have so much money that they have their own private jet, or not enough to be able to afford first class. so airlines have to cost-cut which means they need cheap planes, which means manufacturers have to build them cheaply, instead of well.
Too Long; Didn't Watch version: Capitalism. The capitalists' inhuman pursuit of evermore profits is the problem with Boeing. Unionize the entire Boeing workforce and watch their quality skyrocket.
tl;dw: boeing tried to profit by cutting costs in a variety of different ways.
So the answer is greed like always
Consider the difference in corporate culture.  Boeing is run by bean-counters. Finance. Boeing has MBA disease. As the video explains, it's been run to maximize profit returns while cutting costs & absolving Boeing of responsibility for R&D, production & QC. It hasn't worked! Airbus, near as I can tell, is engineering-led. This makes a massive difference.   Consider computers: IBM is sales-led; HP is engineering-led. Both systems can work, but you should - as consumer - expect a different outcome. I want a consumer product developed by an engineering-led business, not one out to set sales records. And I refuse to buy from a company that is finance-led, looking for ways to cut costs & QC to maximize profits, at my expense as a user.  Cars. Toyota is sales-led: faced with the need to design EVs, they went for quick & dirty, screwed it up, and the wheels fell off. Ouch. That effort's dead. Subaru OTOH has always been engineering-led. Faced with an impossible challenge - design an EV after years of ignoring market change - they accepted partial merger with Toyota & let it build the car; Subaru would rebrand it. They noticed that THE WHEELS FELL OFF. They're pissed. They've torn up the agreement, will find a way to design their own EV or go bust doing so. Here's hoping they succeed. GM is & always has been Finance-led, and for decades has had MBA disease. They've outsourced everything they can - more each year - & haven't made money on anything they don't understand. They understand finance. So GM's profit has derived, for decades, from GM Finance, the leasing business. Cars are an inconvenience. When forced to build EVs they were going to simply outsource the whole unpleasant production thing to China. The US Inflation Reduction Act has forced a return to the US of production, but GM isn't about to do the R&D and production of EVs. They're partnering with Chinese firms, which will build the EVs in America with a GM-labeled plant. The finished product will carry a GM label but will be a Chinese EV. Expect outsourcing to work every bit as well for GM as it did for Boeing.  I buy Lenovo PCs (engineering-led culture); Subaru cars (ditto) - though our next will be a Tesla (also engineering-led). And I feel the same way about flying. I refuse to set foot in a Boeing 737 Max. Ever. I'll pay extra to fly on an airline that can assure me I'll fly on an Airbus jet. If necessary I'll change destination & travel plans.  Boeing's finance-led management valued cash returns to shareholders over passenger safety. That failed. I doubt they can undo & fix this problem: the bean counters are still in charge.  Think hard about your next purchase. Look at the company. Want to know who dominates their culture, shapes all the decisions? Look at who becomes CEO: that's the general rule. At IBM, it's always a former sales guy. At HP, an engineer. At Ford, a sales guy. At GM, finance. I know, Mary Barra has an Engineering degree - but then she got herself an MBA & hasn't looked back. She's a bean counter.
If Boeing continues to build aircraft on minimum bid, and either General Dynamics or LMT enters the Commercial Aerospace Market again.  They will eat their lunch.
Greedy is the only answer .
Passing my 737 TR in 2 months
Everything I know about Aviation has been passed down to me by Wendover's Productions.
This man just loves aviation
The aircraft might be a commodity but they are optimized for different markets. The A320 family is optimized for the slightly larger variants than the 737 and the A220 for the smaller variants. The 787 is bigger than the A330 and the A350 is bigger than the 787 but slightly smaller than the 777. of course there are same sized variants but optimization is usually for the middle variant.   That’s why a lot of it is also market assessment. The A380 was too big for the market. Boeing forgot the 757 replacement in the hope the 787 would make it unimportant. By the time they saw the error the Airbus A321xlr had already taken that market. So a lot of it is market assessment.   The 737 MAX was just the result of a company moving too slow and making more mistakes in the process. Also Boeing always focused on using corruption in the US government to block competitors instead of focusing on the product. Eventually they always lost. They lost against Airbus (at that time with the A300)  and they effectively also lost against the CSeries (now A220).
What about the cosy relationship between boeing and faa
Its all because investor, same as triple a games like cyberpunk released at broken state.  Atleast a game did not put many people in danger.
Make a vid about the a350 pls sam
Boeing doesn’t build their planes anymore. Spirit Aerosystems in Wichita does, and they hire dumbasses.
at least executives made bank with some fat bonuses
"You know that company that we bought because they were going under? Yeah, lets do exactly what they did because it worked out so well the first time"
MCAS was not just because of automation. It was put in because the large engines sat slightly above the wing causing the plane to sometimes ascend to steeply. MCAS would level the plane out.
People don't realize how ancient the 737 is that has been retrofitted, cut-and-shutted, hammered with new technology into a plane that was originally designed in the 60s with low-bypass engines and steam gauges...
This was SCATHING!!! I love it!
Boeing is a defense contractor first. Works like a government owned business with its inefficiency.
Al Jazeera 2014 article: The ‘fake’ Boeing 787 rollout. As Boeing rolled out its ‘Dreamliner’ to experts and journalists, under the surface not all was as it seemed... Even the date was perfect: July 8, 2007, 7-8-7 for those in the US.
I really appreciate you putting all elements that made this once great aircraft company into another corporation loss to this kind of insatiable greed... ...that is destroying many economic institutions
I live in Wichita and sell booze to these guys! Go butterfly effect!
Now I want to watch a Wendover video on the logistics of high-end kitchens.
9:50 yo what was that??!
Excellent video. The best about Boeing's fall so far. Congrats!
That's what asshole-capitalism will do for you.
No way someone who watched a documentary on the B-2 bomber made by their "friends on Nebula" would think it was produced by Lockheed Martin (it was Northrop Grumman). What an embarrassing blunder.
This is what happens when corporate people takes over engineering.
starting with an ad means i wont watch it
"A Michelin-starred kitchen with a fast-food mindset". That about sums it up...
Boing
I think you could do a video how the EU (as a government) are just better than any US government because the EU has a focus on the person and the US has a focus on profit.
B-2As are made by Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin...  Just fyi.
Basically they turned their backs on the proper engineering and innovation driven methods that has been the company's back bone and gotten them massive success. Instead they continuously opted for attempts at quick profit at cost of long term plans. They became reactionary to what the stock market displays more than the core business. But they still think everything is fine because airlines has no choice but to keep ordering from them as other manufacturers (pretty much just Airbus) cannot produce enough planes to satisfy demands.
The Everett plant used to be the largest building.
Boeing is the result of replacing engineers with MBAs
It's bad when wendover does a video
its amazing the finger is NEVER pointed at the investors that put the pressure on companies to do more for less to line their pockets.  Instead of having productive companies that employ people to produce competitive goods its a constant race to the bottom and this is the result.
Dude mentioned Lockheed and then showed the B-2  🤔
Capitalism will destroy America. 😢
Wow! Very informative video!
Companies that care more about money than people always end up becoming zombie companies, they're dead, killed by the people who looted it, a form of business popularized by "Neutron Jack" Welsh. All companies follow a bell curve of existence, usually peeking when they build an expensive headquarters building, for Boeing this was 1990.
4:28 Everett plant, home of Boeing's woes 5:36 1997 cash-strapped McDonnell Douglas merges w/Boeing 6:45 787 strategy: as with failed 717, have ≥12 Japanese heavy industry subcontractors design their parts. [AFAICT 717 built in Long Beach, CA but 787 in non-union South Carolina plant]
Focusing on money = stupid.  Boeing management are all entrenched Capitalists, so they do not have the intelligence to understand that.  If they had either intelligence or common sense, (or, preferably, both,) then the focus would be on doing right by their employees, their contractors, their suppliers, the environment... Not doing right by their management and their investors.  If they get all those other things right, then financial success is inevitable.  But, like I said, their lack of vision about what's truly important, blinkered as they are by Capitalism, is lacking.  And will destroy them.
That’s what happens when your prioritize ‘sHareHolDeR vALuE’ over quality and safety
When companies hire people based on their sex or skin tone and not skills, you get what you get.
“Boldly innovated” aka cut and ran.
Greed is one of the biggest reasons companies fail. Boeing is no exception. Rushing engineers and cutting costs means everbody but executives pays the price
It's the ultra-orthodox capitalistic mentality that's killing Boeing, like many other companies. You cannot be the best by cutting costs all the time to please investors. I'm witnessing this all over the place, five star companies are cutting and cutting, outsourcing to places with cheaper and less qualified workers, slowly transforming into entities that are no longer true to their core principles. And we as customers are the ones paying the price, by getting less for more money, or by getting doors exploding mid air. Unfortunately I don't see how this can be stopped, it's probably the one thing that will eventually bring us to the demise of the Western civilization.
This is not even mentioning the stumbles with the Starliner.
Sounds like the value of Boeing was extracted and given to shareholders in the 2000s. And now they're too under capitalized to do anything new.
A common sentiment about the Boeing-McDonald Douglas merger is, "That time that McDonald Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing's own money." It seems to be the critical point where Boeing's quality and standards sharply declined.
I wish this went through Boeing's history completely from the McDonnell-Douglas lens. After the merger happened, it was the MD executives who stayed with the company and the end began. That lens, especially the MD decision-makers continuously poor choices, gets too little attention.  Thanks for going back to aviation content when it's more volatile than millenials have ever seen before. 😊
How does it fesl when peoaple hate you and discuiste u after your stuppid stupid stupid thing.....fells good?
B2 is from Northrop Grumman Corporation,
You are really barking up the wrong company. You see, there used to be FAA inspectors who were onsite and assured no shortcuts were taken. But Cheeto Jesus hates any federal employees except for a handful of far-right generals who will bend over for him. So he decided to fire the FAA inspectors and allow the manufacturers and airlines to inspect them instead. What could possibly go wrong?
Boeing makes shit planes, I prefer Airbus to Boeing anyday. They arent safe nor comfortable for the passenger.
I'm sure 9/11 and a 2008 financial crisis had nothing to do with the financial pressure......
Great video but would like to mention it wasn't Lockheed that built the B-2, it was Northrop Grumman
A “clean sheet” design instead of the 737MAX series would suffer the same sort of catastrophic failures because the problem isn't engineering, it's management.
Finally an aviation video, been a while
Boeing, has spent over $43 billion buying back stock over the past decade.  they have the cash, they just don't use it correctly.
Good video but thumb down for Nebula spam
“How Boeing lost its window”  Alternative title 🥶
Earthquake my Ass!… its called “corporate greed”… it’s NEVER enough money. Exact same thing happened to GE. Busted!
as always, this can be boiled down to "making more profit for shareholders makes thing bad" too bad though that said shareholders are never held accountable for any of the shit they caused. Its just a perfect system, no question
As a European I really hope Boeing makes all the needed changes for their commercial brench. Since development times of these machines take about a decade. So I personally think this rough patch will resume for a decade if all needed changes are made today. The longer the changes are postponed, the more likely it is that the rough patch continues for a longer period, etc. etc. We need both Boeing and Airbus functioning very well. Also the crewed space program suffers roughly the same fate for Boeing, and there is new competition coming from the east.
$43 billion in buybacks & dividends since 2013. Tells you all you need to know
As a plane lover never never been more scared to fly as today when I flied in a max.
lockheed and B2?? whoever wrote the script needs a coffee
Boeing went from being the most reliable passenger aircraft manufacturer to being one of the worst
Crazy to think that many people have died manufacturing these planes too. It's not just the plane crashes themselves that's dangerous, but the manufacturing process as well when they try and cut corners/focus on money first.
You really need to stop hanging out with that prick from second thought. Imagine the vigor you can ignite in this country's prosperity if you stopped looking at the world through his lens. I really hate to see you do this to your channel. You've come quite a long way.
what i don't get is why boeing would let spirit break off and become its own company. what's the point of having subcontractors with whom you negotiate if you are essentially the only buyer?
11:30ish "Anachronistically named" you're using the word wrong. Ironically named or a misnomer
Boeing deserves every failure they create and it’s a shame the government is willing to give them more.
That's a long video to just say the words McDonnell Douglas
...and not even a mention of the space business - the company that landed men on the moon can't build "Starliner" to get people to the ISS, while SpaceX is cleaning their clock.
Title of the video should’ve been how Boeing fell off
This has to be one of your best videos! ever!
Sure there's one fundamental difference between Boeing and their competitor.  Airbus is subsidized by governments.  Boeing Commercial Airplanes is... incredibly not.
I think its important to note in the Max crashes, Boeing blamed the pilots even after the safety reports blamed the MCAS.
Boeing Defense Systems is a whole thing that this ignores. Doesn't change anything about Boeing Commercial Aircraft.
Sadly I think Boeing’s decline reflects the American post-80s emphasis on deregulation, cost cutting and short term profits.   Airbus, by contrast, reflect the European emphasis on strict government regulation to ensure safety.  It doesn’t have to be this way forever…
Three simple letters. D.E.I. We are now seeing the beginnings of the compentacy crisis. Idiocracy, here we come.
747sp 😍
there is a real malignancy in american companies where investors are king now. but the true "investors" are the folks who "invest" their hard earned dollars and trust into their product. instead of the glorified gamblers shifting monies between themselves in the form of stocks.  until this malignancy is treated, we are going to suffer and spiral at the hands of this unrealistic, return-orientated minority.
And not one mention of the Starliner tale of woe.
They did not "loose their way".  They merged and the hedge fund senior management pushed profit over safety.  They did 90 BILLION in stock buybacks in 2020.
"Michelin quality food can't be systematized, segemented, optimized, or outsourced. Boeing is trying to create Michelin quality food with a fast-food mindset." Absolute gold.
It's pure capitalism. They cut corners to save money, at the cost of human lives. That's why we have strong regulations. But one party wants to get rid of those safety regulations...
I feel like there is a *BIG* piece of something missing in this story: CCS. Starliner is *AT LEAST* five years behind SpaceX's Crew Dragon, and I don't think you can blame bad supply-chain management for the problems. Boeing's engineering management practices are rotten to the core, and even if they fix all the supply-chain problems, it seems unlikely that will help bad design...
If you watch any documentary where whistle blowers speak up re the culture change post the McDonnell Douglas merger it’ll make you never want to fly on a Boeing aircraft ever again.  Safety and Excellence got traded for the bottom line and that just can’t be the focus when manufacturing a safety critical product.  Add in their unbridled arrogance as outlined in the way they dealt with suppliers means they’re now tarnished by a reputation that can never be rebuild. So aye. If it’s a Boeing? I’m no going.  Airbus FTW.
You are factually wrong about the B2 bomber.  It was never a Lockheed Martin project.  Northrup Grumman has that title along with the new B2.1 -> B21 Raider bomber.
I think Boeing could be helped by US Government because  Boeing is now the only US company who manufacturars commercial airplanes. Lockheed Martin won't make any their after their tristar flopped and almost bankrupted to exent the US Government had to rescue because of the companys importance in US military  Same thing probably will happen to Boeing. US government won't let Boeing to loose to Airbus or Embraer. Correction : You kinda called B-2 spirit is made by Lockheed at @21:29 edit it plz before avgeeks rants you 😅
Sounds like the main issue is that Boeing capitalismed too hard.
Greed.
An excellent documentary!
Fuck, I love those information videos
I guess Wendover should have watched Mustards video on the B2…. Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin.
Michelin star kitchen with a fast food mindset...... nicely summarized
Boeing has fallen. Billions must be lost in revenue.
Just another reason why capitalism is shit!
I didn't hear any mention of moving their headquarters from Seattle to Chicago around 2001, and then moving again from Chicago to the Washington DC area.  I think the first move sent a very strong signal to employees, suppliers, and customers that Boeing's priority was no longer engineering and manufacturing, and was now financial manipulation and investor relations.  I've long believed that the farther away a company is from Wall Street and the Chicago trading floors, the better able they are to focus on running their business without getting caught up in the latest fads from financial analysts and management consulting companies.  The more recent move to Washington DC makes it clear the company's current priorities are lobbying and Pentagon marketing, with engineering and manufacturing now a continent away.  They've clearly lost sight of their roots and the core capabilities that made them a great company.
Interesting video, give me a lot to think about....
At 21:41 B-2 bomber....  You said the B-2 was built by Lockheed....when it was built by Northrop!!  Even Google Assistant knows the difference!!
it's always the fucking investors isn't it...
Early 2000s. It sounds like Fast Eddie (Sears Holdings), or his ideas got to Boeing. Also, sounds similar to what happened to Dominos Pizza as well. They went too aggressive with cost cutting
This is not just a Boeing problem. Its happening to nearly every major company because they put too high a value on shareholders and profit, at the cost of what fundamentally made their products possible.
Wow lol the fawning comments from people like "@Buy_YT_Views.304" REALLY undermine the credibility of this already disingenuous video
2 quick things, Northrop makes the B Series not Lockheed, and MCAS did not remove type certification requirements for the MAX.  Still had to undergo new training regimens and programs. So quite the leap to say MCAS was created to avoid training. Not accurate.   Just new technology, definitely agree it needed more testing.   Lastly, it’s worth noting that the airline industry as a whole has not been the same since deregulation. Consumers have pushed fare prices so low the industry is attempting to combat with new aircraft business models like leasing and pay per thrust hour.   Further as we watch the Spirit / Jet Blue merger deal come apart due to Anti Trust concerns, I fear we are going to continue to see cheap fares drive low quality aircraft.
Bruh the B-2 was made by Lockheed Martin
It's all about shareholders'profits. Everything else takes a back seat. Including safety
“Businessperson” - da fuck was that? Sorry, sounds funny as hell. What the hell is going on in the English speaking world?
"It wasn't always this bad". Straight for the haymaker.
What happens when you care more about profits then safety.
Boeing's decline started after CEO T. A. Wilson, an engineer, stepped down in 1986 and the board chose Frank Schrontz, an accountant, to take his place. The atmosphere quickly became toxic because the focus was now on the bottom line rather than the quality of the product. The synergistic environment I'd enjoyed since 1978 quickly disappeared. I left in 1991 and friends who had stayed would always tell me the work atmosphere on both the Aerospace and Commercial side was "pissy". Even my father who had worked their since 1958 agreed the company had changed for the worse.
They should hire gayer and less white people obviously.
Correction: The A350 isn’t „more or less the same“ as a 787. The A350 is actually more like a 777, the A330neo instead would be the Airbus alternative to a 787.
21:25 I am sure B2 is from Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin
“Mcdonell Douglas bought Boeing with Boeing’s money.”
Not to be pedantic, but the B-2 is a Northrop (and later Northrop Grumman) project, not Lockheed Martin's. Otherwise, spot on video like always!
Future me, is the answer capitalism?
That's it. "They want to return the profit faster" . That's the disease invented by the west businessman and infected the whole fucking world. Cutting corners and doing everything it needed to justify the profit. Well its true profit is the main reason goal for a company but actually it was just the greediness of a 'shareholder'. They really really want that fucking fat dividend
“The Air Current” is sus. Corporate smear campaign by lockheed or someone else to boost the bad press. The logo, the  pun name, the zero footprint anywhere you look, it’s like a ghost kitchen but for influencing government contracts
Hello, what is the name of the background piano music around minutes 14-15 ??  It is wonderful music.. -pete
Not a single mention of Boeing's DEI initiatives coincidentally coinciding with massive failures. This is Lugenpresse at it's finest.
For years I thought that the face on the Alaska Airlines tail was Abe Lincoln. Was surprised when I found out it was an Eskimo.
So, investor pressure and enlightened boards blew it again. Color me shocked.
Correction: The B2 Spirit (mentioned at @21:30) was made by Northrop Grumman and not by Lockheed Martin.
We need Lockheed to go back to making civilian aircraft. The L-1011 wasn't horrible, it was just the victim of bad timing.
I love Wendover, but this video felt like it had no content.   The only takeaway I had from it was: "Airplane manufacturing is a duopoly, and Boeing got complacent"
55
@Wendover Productions How does the sound get so bad when we reach about the third minute?
Like with everything - American is not the way forward.
Very informative video. I don't know how Boeing can move forward, but perhaps it needs to reabsorb the fuselage business of Spirit Aerosystems. Perhaps Spirit Aerosystems can split into two companies, and Boeing can take over majority ownership and management of the successor that produces Boeing fuselages. With Boeing so cash constrained, perhaps some kind of stock deal can make this possible. Spirit Aerosystems will move forward as a company half its current size, selling airframe structures to Airbus and other manufacturers, and also smaller airframe parts to Boeing.      Boeing CEO Calhoun was recently quoted saying something like "we own these quality problems at Boeing, we own Spirit Aerosystems". Perhaps he only meant that he meant they own the quality problems generated by Spirit Aerosystems, but it may be necessary for them to take actual ownership and direct management control of the fuselage plant they owned and operated until 2005.
A new chairman isn't going to reolve Boeing's problems, they need to go back to what they did best, designing new and innovating planes not dressing up 30 yr old designs to make more money
He's back to his root
May crash any second.
People are saying boeing went from "a company of engineers to a company of bean counters" but they don't stop for a second to question why that happened. It wasn't because they stopped caring about safety, it's that the competition and landscape of what they were required to do to stay operating as a company became too much for the way they used to do things. If boeing had stayed a company of engineers, they probably would have gone bankrupt. They're essentially in a death spiral and the fact that they are run by bean counters is simply the last option they had, given their situation.
Boeing hasn’t made money on their commercial planes since the 70s they make all the money in the defense industry. It’s all a scam supported by the government.
Hello
WTF? At 21:09 you make an error....  Lockheed martin does not manufacture the B2 Spirit bomber... Northrop Grumman builds it?
B2 is not Lockheed Martin’s, it’s Northrop Grumman’s
Hey.. ummm... lockheed didn't build the B2. That was Northrup.   Wow. Basic knowledge and credibility shot in this video. Good job Wendover.
Not my joke but Boeings troubles began when McDonnell Douglas bought them with their own money. Between the 737 and it's space division this is what cost cutting gets you.
Capitalism baby!
Spirit was bad looooong before the 2020s.. I worked at Gulfstream in 2014, when spirit still built wings for various models.. when we received them, they required sooo much rework, so much so, spirit lost Gulfstream as a customer later that same year. Boeing sucks now, and has for a while.   This video is great, but the root cause is short term profit hungry CEOs
The b2 was made by Northrop Grumman not Lockheed. IDK where this is coming from.
Cooper Lund put it best on Bluesky- "Boeing's problems really started when they went from a company that primarily makes airplanes to a company that primarily makes shareholder value," which kind of summarizes the current state of the global economy as a whole.
Despite being pronounced "Boing", they have proven that their aircraft do not, in fact, bounce...
putting all bull shit a side when boeing stop working on the 727  they out did them selfs on that great air craft but there was another one was flying was the l-1011 tristar i spent many of days on her and bygod nothing will every come close to it she was the best yet today  oh dont get me wrong i love the 777
As someone mentioned, it’s the pen pushers at McDonald Douglas.. same thing killed GE as well as
Focus on the product and the profits will follow….when you focus on profit, quality always goes down because you’re cutting corners. When you focus on the product, it’s like investing, it may cost a lot up front but it will pay off in the long run. Source, my friends and I are Manufacturing Engineers (at different companies) and every time we rush to push out something for monthly revenue goals… almost always a quality issue comes up. I’ve learn my lesson…if someone tells me something is “Hot” I’ll focus on it but I will not rush it
Boring is run by accountants  Air bus is run by engineers
Don't you just love it when Capitalism works as intended?
Could do a whole episode on the Boeing Starliner being garbage too.
Privatize the gains; socialize the losses -- in this case, those losses include lives. It's the American Way!
Well One more greed story
Well, I watched to the end and was gobsmacked that the corruption of the FAA in Boeing’s death spiral was never mentioned. WTF. I understand that pilots typically have strong Boeing or Airbus preferences. To those who do have those strong opinions, the aircraft are not essentially the same as your video implies.
Diversity hires.
Great conclusion and awesome analogy with the michelin star but fast food mentality
DEI, Wokeism
It's clear you didn't see the B-2 video from mustard, otherwise you'd know that Northrop Grumman makes it not Lockheed martin
Engineer( MBA graduate)  should be ideal choice of engineering companie CEO
A fiduciary duty to shareholders means _everything_ else is secondary; quality, safety, the treatment of workers- yet those are the very things that actually make the money.  The ceaseless pursuit of making the line go up will always ensure it all crashes hard.
Audio sounds messy. Great video otherwise.
12:00 I had to replay this super long sentence to fully get the gist of what you were saying. Wonder what mental gymnastics occurred in Boeing's boardrooms to come to this criminally stupid decision at the time.
The whole watchi g rhis i couldnt shake the thought: "I cant believe sam still doesnt have his pilot's license yet"
Boeing traded lives for their bottom line, and it didn't work. Bring back the DC10!
Besides all the commercial losses of Boeing, we shouldnt forget about the 346 people who lost their lifes on behalf of Boeing's management and greed to stay competitive with their rival Airbus... if these crashes would have not happened in developing countries, maybe the reception in the media would have yet been different.
Please also do a video on A320neo engine issues... its also a big issue currently that airlines are facing
Uh oh, it is the "I'm not mad, I'm just dissapointed," video.
Translate this for many many products and companies. Welcome to late stage capitalism where you burn down the house to save on the heating bill.
B-2 isn't built by Lockheed Martin.
Boeing reached the late stage capitalism where shareholders are running the company to the ground just to squeeze every penny possible until its no longer profitable and move to the next publicy traded company. Leech and repeat.
It's heartbreaking.  I guess it's fitting that the American giant is done in by distinctly American-style capitalism but it hurts.
i dont really want to $@^!& on Boeing for embracing the purist form of capitalism, by my God things fell apart when they let investment bankers and shareholders run the show.
"Partnering for Success" was named by some suppliers as "Partnering for Poverty"
Let's see how he works planes into this video
One missed component is the rise of Airbus. Before Airbus's ascension, Boeing could take the time and spend the money to do great things. Now, they are finding they can't handle competition and every attempt to out-compete Airbus causes them to slide even further.
Well done! sometimes these types of videos are too embellished...but this one seemed to be very fact driven.    BTW this is the big difference between the Boeing and Airbus fleets...the Boeing expects the pilot to be the pilot...the Airbus assumes the pilot is the problem.
Wendover just described the problem with many American companies.
Also, Boeing didn't help matters by doing that dumping petition on the Bombardier C-series (which is now the Airbus A220). It was extremely petty and was meant to stop competition.
when you do something poorly but still get a hefty paycheck
What happens when old guys retire.
How on earth can a company push off a massive amount of rnd cost onto suppliers, fail in that project and then turn around and tell them your going to pay them less.  Either Boeing is run by morons or by people who would rather see people die in plane crashes than a drop on profits
Boeing management needs to watch this. I have a feeling they don’t even know what is failing.
I wish this video reported on the failure that continues to be StarLiner
21:29 Might want to fact check the beginning of that sentence lmaooo..
Any company that allows accountants to even speak out loud, let alone allow them to influence anything, not even the brand of sugar in the break rooms, is a STUPID COMPANY.  Accountants count what real men do, NOTHING MORE.
The A380 was not a blunder in my opinion. Amazing aircraft and as a frequent flier that travels for work, it's by far my favorite aircraft to be a passenger in.    I'm sad that they stopped production on it.
But... Elon Musk told me DEI is to blame.
You want to hack up design work for a cohesive system to countless subcontractors? Me (an engineering project manager): Oh no. Oh no. Oh no no no no no.
I hate Boeing so much for what they did to Bombardier C-series. Instead of making a fuss about that, maybe they should have looked at itself in the mirror and focussed on themselves.
diversity.  thats all it is.
As much as I wish we (Lockheed Martin) made/make the B2 you're thinking of Northrup Grumman lol
Man... the worst part is that you can feel Sam's voice.  He is not angry. He is not annoyed. He is not sad from seeing that fall.  He is just... *worried* .
You certainly had more nuance and understanding of the massive size and incentive driven nature of the problem and expressed awareness of the time constraints than in the video about the US Military budget. I certainly don’t think it should be as big as it is but it’s a network of a hundred interconnected issues as complicated as Boeing to disentangle.
I'm a machinist at Boeing.
Sounds like the engineering sector in general. Profit first, excellence second.
No worries, DEI will fix everything.
I don't think it can be emphasized how horribly run McDonnell Douglas was. The best example of this was the DC-10 and the spate of accidents involving the cargo doors, which blew out twice, and on the 2nd time (Turkish Airlines Flight 981) killed over 300 people. McDonnell Douglas is why the term tombstone technology is a popular lexicon within the aviation industry.
If Wendover is making a video about your aircraft company in any negative light, you know you’ve stepped in it
Man, I remember the time when Boeing used to be the forefront of Aviation technology, like, to the point even airbus admit some of their tech wouldn't be possible without Boeing being the bases of inspiration, now it's just filled with greedy investors who prioritized profit first over safety (which is ironic since the more safe your plane is, the more likely it is to make profit)
Trying to be a Michelin restaurant with a fast food mindset?  You really read them to filth
Wow, I've never heard such a fawning description of an airplane company--and from the early description, it sounds well-deserved. I mean, growing up, all I knew was that the 747 was THE plane. EDIT: Going through the video...WTF?? They took everything they did great and chucked it out the window for..."business" reasons. F that Sht. So sad to see such a stupid fall from greatness.
I don't think that McDonal was problem more than likely Boeing after all mergers became absolute dominant and monopoly like company with huge political sway because only they can produce commercial airlines in USA. Additionally they have strong military backing. This monopoly made CEO and directors to focus on making money anyway possible thus massive cost cutting and outsourcing. This eventually led to problem, Boeing stopped innovating and didn't care about quality control because they knew whatever happens they're irreplaceable. CEO whose actions led to destruction of 2 737 Boeing didn't suffer at all only fired. Boeing started flying soon. All this shows that they truly became too big to fail company and with no competition i think they will not stop pursuing money first
Meanwhile Boeing management focuses all it's efforts on Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion.
It's almost like greed driven profit isn't the best way to run a company lol
Sadly, not mentioned was the move of corporate headquarters to Chicago and now possibly to another location.  To me, management at the top end IS the issue.  I will only fly Airbus and Embraer, not because of safety but it is my only vote of disgust in Boeing management I can make.
Why did Boeing HQ leave Seattle? Boeing left its Seattle home after 85 years following its 1997 merger with St. Louis-based rival McDonnell Douglas - a decision that angered rank-and-file mechanics and engineers.
I like it when people call out the "business" experts.  I fled the private sector for these exact reasons.
This is taken from Boeing : "“While our 2021 design incorporated operational performance in the areas of product safety, employee safety and quality, for 2022 we will add two other focus areas critical to our long-range business plan: climate and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&l)”  --- so they put "DEI and climate" on par with passenger safety.. Enough said..!!!
It’s crazy to already one of three companies in the commercial aerospace industry and cut corners. Like the shareholders and investors are stupid. And the ceo and cfo are stupid for letting it happen.
McDonnell Douglas perfected the art of blithely running itself into the ground while keeping investors happy, so naturally after the merger they set about repeating that performance and murdered the goose that laid golden eggs in order to stop feeding it, and just make vast profit selling their stockpile.  Figuring out what to do once the stockpile was gone was someone else’s problem.  Solid work you frigging jagoffs, this has been a long time coming, and has been as predictable as the sun rising.  I don’t know exactly what they need to do to rebuild their shattered wreck of a business, but cleaning house in the C suite and then repairing the relationship with their own employees is probably a good first step.    But David Calhoun and his supporters on the board look to be constitutionally incapable of accepting the second greediest position if there is a greedier option available regardless of how lethally damaging it is to their company’s reputation, long term prospects or most importantly and tragically,  literally the very lives of the traveling public.  What a GD travesty.
I think they could fix all of this, they just need to continue with their hard push to get White men out of the company
I thought Northrop made the B2, not Lockheed
The B-2 is built by Northrop-Grumman, not Lockheed-Martin
Tldr end stage capitalism
i cant help but wonder what the long term impact of this will be boeing is still to important to the industry to just die but since people have lost trust in them they might start to erode as new competitors chip away at them
Boeing should move its management back to Puget Sound.  Putting the headquarters in D.C just meant the management was "managing" Congress instead of managing production.
Major WTF! B-2 is by NORTHROP, not Lockheed-Martin. The history of the Northrop flying wing design is one of the most famous in aviation. How do you duck that up?
Lockheed’s B2 bomber? The B2 was built by Northrop lmao
So in a two way race to the bottom, Boeing went too far?
Did I just hear on here that Lockheed Martin makes the B-2 Boomer😂
2:19 There is no other definition of matriculate other than to enroll in a college or university, the misuse of this work drives me crazy.
Don't forget that Boeing's space division is having similar issues with the Starliner capsule and has lost nearly a billion dollars to the fixed-price contract they have with NASA. During the first uncrewed test mission, they almost lost the vehicle TWICE. After the second uncrewed test flight (which they self-funded because the first one went about as bad as it could go without losing the vehicle) they discovered two more issues: tape wrapped around literal miles of wiring in the capsule was flammable in certain flight conditions and needed replacing (both as a supplied part and physically in the capsules that were already built), and part of the main parachute had the potential to fail catastrophically under normal flight loads and needed to be completely redesigned.  The first crewed test flight of Starliner is currently scheduled for no earlier than April 2024, and I don't envy the two astronauts assigned to it, because I fully expect that refusing to fly on that mission will mean they never go to space.
Boeing’s actual customer is the American taxpayer.  Airlines are subsidized by the government and get bailed out by the U.S. treasury every 5-10 years. And it’s other customer is the U.S. military.  So, if you buy the argument that the U.S. taxpayer is actually Boeing’s customer, you’d expect them to be run like a corrupt bureaucracy.
Love your videos!💚😊
So many fillers 😐
ive seen soo many companies go down hill when they divest to produce cash for investors... guess what investors dont care about your company.
Yes, the lazy, incompetent and overpaid union workers had nothing to do with this!
Is boeing a reflection of the united state decadence?
I am educated in aerospace science.  I have been a career Boeing pilot now retired.  In my opinion Boeing aircraft are no longer safe.
I'm sorry did you say Lockheed built the B-2??
The sad part is the USA government will bail them out so they can make the same mistake again.
Boeing did not loose its way, they just chose to go the "Wolf of Wall Street" "Greed is Good" way.  A few people will destroy Boeing to grab all the money they can.
Boeing is a perfect example of moral hazard with real world consequences. Keep bailing them out and they’ll never change. They chose buybacks over R&D and QC; the shares should have been allowed to tank, management canned, and new owners and management given the keys. Or at least the defense side should have been spun off since that’s the only part that’s critical for defense
Boeing has been sliding downhill ever since they bought McDonnell Douglas and moved the Board of Directors to Chicago.  the board of directors is hugely incompetent. Every division of Boeing is in trouble.
It is fashionable to blame all of Boeing's woes on McDonnell Douglas, at best that is partially true. Boeing had problems prior to the merger as evidenced by the ANA 747 tail loss crash caused by Boeing's shoddy repair.  As for the screw the supplier philosophy, that is a GE technique that was transferred to the airliner assemblers. Both McDonnell Douglas and Boeing were severely damaged by that mindset.  What Boeing and US manufacturing more generally have to worry about isn't competition from Europe, but China. Airbus gain nothing from Boeing's demise, Russia and China stand to gain immensely by firstly making the C919 and MC21 / Sukhoi Superjet viable at least in their home markets. Damage to Boeing's commercial aircraft division will inevitably flow on to the military programmes within the US and for allies.  Accountants at Boeing keep copping the blame when the lawyers are at least as much at fault.  Constantly attempting to harm competitors Airbus, Lockheed Martin, Bombardier / DeHavilland, Embraer etc with frivolous law suits and congressional corruption has caused untold damage on so many levels.  Make no mistake playing this stupid game against the enemies of the Western Alliance will only strengthen those enemies.  The crimes committed are possibly past statute of limitations but it is so important that a thorough investigation is urgently needed.
As a kansan and an aerospace enthusiast, boeing's fall from grace is really sad to see. Technology companies should have engineers as business people, NOT business people making engineering decisions. Bean counters are short-sighted
Long story short: Don't have businessmen in charge of a job thats so engineering critical.  McDonnel Douglas failed because it was run by businessmen, then those guys started to run Boeing.
The B-2 is not a Lockheed Martin product, it was built by Northrop prior to the Northrup Grumman merger. Maybe Nebula should tell you that.
Recently, a lot of your videos could be summarized by "This thing worked perfectly until the investers started asking for more money and the bean counters started cutting costs". What a "great" time to be alive 🥲
B2 bomber is produced by Northrop Grumman. Lockheed Martin has nothing to do with it. Not sure how reliable your analysis in this video is if you can't get B2 producer right.
Just stop with all the rancor about the evil people trying to make a profit.  That’s what a company is supposed to do, make a profit for its owners, you.  Chances are that your retirement plan, whether you worked for Boeing or not, is heavily dependent on the success of Boeing.
Lets not all forget that even prior to the 2000s Boeing covered up design flaws and issues that resulted in two (United Flight 535 and USAir flight 427), possibly three (SilkAir 185), and nearly four devastating crashes of 737 aircraft, and the only reason the issue was ever caught was down to luck and an incredible pilot. (
I bet Ethiopa Airlines makes an absolute killing on domestic flights. Imagine how much fuel they save as each passenger weighs like 50 lbs, lol.
Thanks!
The 787 is more similar to the A330, replacing the 767, rather than the A350. The A350 was designed to compete with the 777.
DEI. I refuse to fly anymore, now that we have such a diverse group of engineers mechanics pilots and controllers.
I recently had an internship with Boeing, every manufacturing engineering employee knew something bad would happen soon. Boeing was once my dream employer, but now I will feel guilty to come back and work for them
Americans can't even maintain their bridges. Building planes? Totally beyond them.
After the merger this became slowly became like this.  Its time to divide Boeing into two companies, or make someone another competition against Boeing and Airbus so we have three companies in competition
8:20 It was prepared for a ‘farrrr-away’ unveiling. Lol
Could have been more excited to watch this
Boeing is trying to save money by cutting corners in an industry where cutting corners doesn’t give you a sloppy burger, it kills 300 people
DEI & Minority appeasement along with black worship
It's also telling that Boeing leaders came from the management ranks of General Electric, which also has suffered similar financial demise.
Ummmm @Wendover, big glaring error. Lockheed did not build the B2 Stealth Bomber. That was built by Northrop Grumman Aerospace.
This is a Michelin starred level video about Boeing . Well done .
Corporate shenanigans
Is Alaska flight 261 flying upside down wasn’t enough to turn me off from Alaska Airlines, this story is. I’ll take AirFrance in an Airbus
Dawg Northrup Built the B-2
Boing also operates in a legal environment that *let's* them exploit the market, their workers and basically everything else as much as possible - Airbus for the most part operates within the EU and was (and still is) forced to at least somewhat care for their workers, make fair contracts with their suppliers to not run afoul anti-cartel legislation and bow to basic market regulation by law makers. So while Boing was encouraged to go full turbo-capitalist, Airbus was encouraged to pursue substainability. And whaddaya know, in the long run substainability pays out - because that's kinda the definition of substainability...
AIRBUS 4 EVER
this makes me doom a bit about what market demand and investor pressure will do to other industries that rely on super complex, reliable manufacturing. will we lose the ability to produce high complexity machinery due to the strong incentives to cut corners over and over again, until we totally lack both the capacity and the will to innovate?
Apple should build airplanes, Boeing is incompetent
You could do the same video and same script for the US healthcare system (have managers trained to cost cut a McDonalds try the same thing with medicine, and find out that all those intangibles like “institutional memory” and “experience” and “customer/supply chain trust and goodwill” are, in fact, necessary, and that despite not having their own budget line, are fundamental to the entire enterprise.
alternate title: how boeing fell off + L + ratio
This video only focuses on the commercial side of Boeing, look into the introduction of the AH-64E Apache and a component called a “strap pack”, Boeings incompetence killed army pilots.
"How Boeing lost its way" DEI, duuuh  Sarcasm.
The amount of greed is unbelievable. Those business idiots like, let me kill my institutional knowledge for short term gains. Hmm I wonder what happens if I pay less to a company which produces highly specialized precise product. In one move they destroyed the quality of product loose ton of highly specialized engineers because of the price cuts, and expected better results. It should be so obvious to a managers, it’s like intentional.
I dearly appreciate this informative and condensed summary of the Boeing situation. I wasn’t aware of Boeing using its brand and market share to squeeze its vendors. That sucks. I’m afraid that Boeing is building airplanes for the likes of Southwest Airlines who is also pulling the same crummy trick of using market power to make a design and manufacturing concession before signing orders for 737’s. Southwest is flying high…for now.
And when they go under the taxpayer will be forced to bail them put
Honda engines for bigger planes like the 737 are coming...
Wendover doesn't know what matriculate means.
One word: blimps
Love this video and the whole channel. Everything Sam works on is great. However, a couple small additions to the 737 production angle.   First, part of the reason the 737 has stuck around this long is due to those training costs. When you are trained to fly an aircraft over 12,500 lbs you get “type rated” or certified by the FAA to only fly that aircraft. Then there are rules with how often you have to go through training to make sure you are still a good pilot. Many companies have lobbied Boeing to come out with new more efficient versions of the 737 so they don’t have to have two different sets of airplanes that do the same thing, with two different pilot groups that can only fly one or the other.   Second, every 737 has to legally fly like every other 737. Now there are some variations for length, but a pilot that flew the 737-700 should be able to fly the 737-max9 with no differences training required. See the concept of a type rating above. To make the new leap engine fit they had to do drastically change the geometry of the aircraft. So much so that they essentially made a new airplane. So they had to add the MCAS system which makes the max fly like all of the other 737’s.   Sorry, very long winded, but a couple of clarifications I felt were important.
The fruits of enshittification.
knew it before you said it capitalism killed them .... shareholders vs safety and nobody wins .... they did it to themselves time to start jailing the C-Suites...
Exact same thing at EVERY company once when its leaders cow to the set of investors who can't see more than one or two quarters out. "$#%& the future! Give me money now!"  Disastrous products result.  I'd also wager what little money I have that the investors pushing for short term gains are individuals or small groups that are already billionaires or close it and not investors like the California Teachers' Pension Fund.
When you have a monopoly, adverse customer outcomes are accepted as long as you have a product that is just barely good enough to land the sale.
The solution may not be easy to consolidate, but the initial problem seems to be; short-sighted greed in a system that demands never-ending growth of profits.
You know it's bad when Wendover get involved
They need a new supersonic passenger aircraft.
It starts with investment managers controlling pension funds. They are rewarded bonuses for quarterly/annual profits. Then Top management sacrifices the future and quality in order to get those high profits and stock price increases.  The CEO is rewarded for increased stock prices and short term profits and not held accountable when the inevitable SHTF.
The graph at 9:20 for air passengers appears to be off; you show what appears to be the covid 19 drop off in 2017.
Late stage capitalism vs cost-intensive, thin profit margin industry. It doesn't work mathematically.
American capitalism at it's best....... PROFIT PROFIT PROFIT PROFIT PROFIT PROFIT PROFIT.......... at ALL cost!
I know you know the guy from real engineering.  The 787 had some issues but it's still nothing to sneeze over.
on a side note, I feel like it's been a really long time since we've had an airplane-related Wendover video when it was ironically a meme that that's all you made before
its like gustos from ratatouille
America as a whole country is failing
China will easily dominate Boeing by the end of this decade.
I always check the plane i'm flying with and i haven't been flying with a boeing for a long long time.
Boeing did not merge with Mc-Donnell-Douglas, Mc-Donnell-Douglas bought Boeing.  Their name was sullied so they needed a new virginity, which they bought with Boeing and most especially their pristinely good name. Once this was done, Boeing simply continued the Mc-Donnel-Douglas  shenanigans that originally put it in trouble…  And when Bombardier came with the C-Series, a radically-new design airliner, Boeing went all out to crush it, and although the airliner was saved by being given to Airbus, Bombardier’s back was so broken that it had to sell it’s railroad rolling stock facilities and products to archrival Alstom, shrinking it to the executive jet market (it already had sold off snowmobiles years before).  Boeing has not existed for decades, it’s just yet another vicious, callous profit-obsessed american croporate behemoth whose lust for greed will be it’s downfall.   Perhaps this is the best thing that could happen to the industry…
Moving the company HQ out of Seattle was a huge mistake.
G R E E D
Airbus is heavily subsidized by the country of France. That is the main reason they are doing better than Boeing.
Love A321-NE❤️
Airbus to Boeing last time: happy 100th birthday. Thank you for the competition  Airbus to Boeing now: Seriously Boeing, get your shit together. You are making me look too good.   Also Cormac to Airbus and Boeing : Don't worry, I shall fill in part of the narrow body market...  Airbus and Boeing: NO
That restaurant analogy was spot on...
I guess this means it's time for Lockheed Martin to start making passenger planes.
So you telling me, essentially, that in order to succeed, Boeing needs to git gud?
I don’t get why any executives from a failing company (MD) would be brought over to the successful company.   They should all have been let go and invited to apply to Boeing.
Kinda seems like the natural result of private corporate ownership; investors and execs with no understanding of how their product is made assume they can just squeeze harder and pit workers/contractors against each other until everything costs less and their stock price increases. But the reality is that they're training people to overpromise and underdeliver, forcing middle-management to become toxic to their workers, and make the people on the floor go through hell and resent the bullshit hierarchy lording over them
Phone zombies
12:24 You missed Bombardier here! Oh... Wait... Nevermind, they sold all their commercial programs due to Boeing 🤷. Continuing the video 😅
Is it unfair to say that this is indicative of an American company? I guess the opposite example of European Airbus supports that point, but the blatant greed and extreme capitalist just screams USA to me.
7:07 Lola Rastaquouère est rasta.
11:00 vulture capitalism - selling off core competency for one year's executive bonuses and shareholder dividends.
MBS + DEI + ESG = Doom.
I love the content (both here and on Nebula), and I am sure it's all legally sound, but it does feel kinda weird and (to be honest) a bit shady that Sam narrates it like he is not the CCO of Nebula.
Love the intro, by any chance is it inspired by leave the world behind?
McNerney came over from 3M took Lorraine at boy right away. He started cutting like he did at 3M and introducing six sigma. 3M started going downhill fast and Boeing followed suit.
I don't understand this cost cutting measure they trying implement here. Why they gone to cost cutting in development and risk blowback which would be more financial ruin rather than do a good job for customer to be happy and money pouring in naturally. Why these financial boss always gone through short term gain. Always.
This story resonates with what happened to the AAA games corporations 💚💚💚💚💚💚
I said this before after the two 737 MAX crashes but Boeing needs to be grounded indefinitely.  They don't deserve to be flying ever again.
unions
You left out a key part of the Story, read up on the Druyan Scandal.The fallout from that resulted in former MacDac management running Boeing, which didn't work well,which led them to hire a President from outside the Aviation industry.That resulted in purging consultants and replacing expensive engineers with cheaper engineers (not bad engineers with better ones). The Commercial space industry also started sucking up young talented engineers.
“This plane is a joke.” -A Boeing engineer working on the 737 max project
Every company wants that analogy of the fast food efficiency and Michelin star quality.  Car companies great example, Ford, Toyota GM. Ect.   But that comment after is that the smallest things matter in every aspect of a quality product be it a toaster or especially a plane is HUGE.
If Boeing fails to make the 777X safe, my heart will be broken.
It's the culture stupid. This is what people have been saying for years. I think it began when Boeing moved their headquarters to Chicago in 2001.
21:30 Lockheed Martin didn’t make that Northrop Grumman did get your facts right
I do have to correct you. The B-2 is a product of Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin
Did you just call Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin???
So many American companies have lost their best workers with all of the layoffs in since Covid and now they are suffering.  You forgot that Boeing tried to block airbus via the US Government.
10:26  Wendover: Spirit Me:😳 Wendover: Aerosystems Me: 😐
There's a now old joke in Boeing: McDonnell Douglas bought Boeing, with Boeing's money. This entire video is really just an allegory about late-stage capitalism.  Making money over time used to be enough for stocks but now the investor class demands constant incremental increases to making money.  Gordon Gecko's line about the benefits of greed only goes so far and then it becomes a negative drag on the whole operation.
When Sam releases an aviation video 🔥🥵🔥
If it’s Boeing, I ain’t going!
At the end you said that the B-2 was a Lockheed Martin aircraft. This is not correct. It is a Northrop Grumman aircraft.
Thanks Wall Street.
What a sad story... and the worst part is I feel that most public companies are following this path
The 777 was the last all Boeing designed aircraft.  A few Renton plant buildings were damaged by that earthquake including the 757 ones.
DEI
Boeing deserves criticism but this goes way off the rails at the end.   There aren't high-quality franchises? Ruth Chris sells $70 steaks. I'm pretty sure a company like Mercedes-Benz has done a lot of process and optimization work.   Boeing brought in poor leadership who made bad decisions. That's the story. An entity entirely not governed by profit - like the Soviet Aviation industry - can make the *exact same* mistakes, and in fact much more egregious mistakes, without any shareholder incentive.   My bet is that Boeing is this way for the same reason many one-vaunted institutions are seeing substantially declining cultural capitol - they are being managed by increasingly detached generations of nepotistic college-grads who today receive more ideological indoctrination than they do actual education and who generally have the wisdom of a potato. Like, US education has some of the worst math scores in the world - is it any wonder that complex engineering firms like Boeing and Spirit are no longer living up to their brand?   Boeing's woes aren't unique. These are the same problems facing Higher ed, Hollywood, the military, healthcare, etc etc.
The 717 was a flop? No my friend it was never given a shot. Ask Delta. Southwest bought AirTran back years. A predominant md-88 / 717 operator. Somehow delta ended up with their 88s/717s probably cause Southwest is a 737 only fleet.   Long story short the 717 still is flying out of Deltas hubs. Making millions still.
Bravo my friend. 🎉
Kudos from Brazil for the VASP 737
What an epic score! oh and the planes are cool too..
united has the opportunity to do the funniest thing ever (buy a fleet of comac c919s)
Wow, who could’ve guessed that divesting core manufacturing capabilities & then screwing them as subcontractors would be an utter disaster? The prime issue is the shift of executives from real engineers to financial engineers.  That is the story of modern Boeing.
B2 is Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin
Hiring GE executives and adopting the jack Welsh school of management
Wild timing! I just visited the Everett factory for a tour yesterday afternoon.
Boeing needs to get free from the unions.  It'll never be able to fix it's problems and move into the future as long as it's dragging the dead weight of the unions.  As for not being able to compete with Airbus, who paid you to make this video, Airbus?  Airbus just spent something like $50 billion dollars on the A380 that was a failure almost before the first dozen planes made it out the door.  The A380 has been an unbelievably embarrassing flop for Airbus.
Take a good engineering company put a bunch of sales minded exec, add cost cutting, investor pleasing, shareholder dividends and shares buybacks, suppliers squeezing, arrogance and down the road you get an industrial disaster that won't fix itself unless a revolution from ground to top is applied.
Fly Airbus
Mcdonnel douglas bought boeing with boeings money
Umm the B-2 is NOT a Lockheed Product…
It's the consistent problem with all American companies today. Focus on stock price and investor returns instead of their products and services.
I got a quick fix. Nationalize it! The public needs something done right, we ought to do it ourselves
Needed to have the night from The last crusade to pop up to say "you have chosen poorly". 9.5/10
Good summary. Agree with others- when the investors and bean counters took over from the engineers Boeing started slipping. Compare also their Starliner space capsule to the SpaceX Dragon.  Boeing is clearly not lean, but bureaucratic, rigid and risk adverse and focused on short term returns. Lest we forget, Aviation Week had Boeing CEO Dennis Mueller as MAN OF THE YEAR in 2019 so the whole aerospace infrastructure seems to be oblivious to what makes an aerospace company great. Aviation Week focused on the returns Dennis had for investors from 2017 to 2019 as their primary criteria- clearly investors are also clueless. SpaceX gets it... hopefully they won't go public anytime soon.  Unfortunately, Boeing has adapted many of the government habits that many defense contractors have... but rules and procedures and farming out risk are not a substitute for motivated employees with a sense of ownership.
I knew Boeing was fucked when Warren Buffett took a loss on them, if anyone knows there’s no chance of an upside it’s Warren
Ummm...you completely forgot to mention that the need for MCAS in the first place was due to the 737 being lower to the ground than the A320. And because of this, it could not accept newer, larger diameter engines without moving the engines forward. And thus, altering the center of gravity of the plane. Hence the need for MCAS. ☮
Don't show this to Elon Musk, he will just find a hole in the market and start a airplan company. (SkyX)🤣
boeing is pure GARBAGE and must fail
A top tech company who decided to milk an old product instead of making a new product crashing and burning?!?!?  The execs at BlackBerry, Palm, etc. would be shocked.
People no longer take pride in work they do, much less the quality. Everyone is concerned about profitability and the bottom line. That is why we should all be replaced by machines.
Boeing apparently didn't have enough cash to develop a replacement for the outdated 737 but somehow found bilions for share buybacks.
21:31  to clarify: B-2 & B-21 is a Northrup Grumman product.
Most people ignorantly just support airbus now.  Boeings days are unfortunately numbered.
If it ain’t Boeing I ain’t going… into the ground
It’s funny how you end the video with the mentioning Lockheed Martin. Just a bit of info, they are suffering from the same terrible management decisions and lack of accountability when it comes to quality control. If you haven’t seen the layoffs recently, it’s because the government stopped accepting jets.
Seeing the length of this video and immediately thinking of Monsters inc 🤌🏻
I sent a link to this to Boeing management
There you go - it's the MDC execs who destroyed the mighty Boeing.
What happened was boeing listening to idiot investors over important engineers
American Investment firms are responsible for the greatest value destruction in the history of our species.  And most of them are unsatisfied despite the cost.
i like the kitchen analogy .
It all went downhill when guys like Alan  Mulally left or were passed up for promotion.
My brother-in-law worked so long at BOEING that they gave him a free dinner for his family and a few relatives which included me. Two BOEING bigshots came to pay for the meal. Brother-in-law chose the Space Needle. For those of you who haven't been there, Space Needle meals cost about four times more.  Anyway, I had the chance to ask one of the big shots what was the main reason for the Dreamliner failure. He said it was because they outsourced the engineering to foreign companies. He appeared a little bit disgusted.   On another note, my brother-in-law's ancient brother ordered some kind of fish that showed up on the plate looking like something from a horror show. It was a fish with giant teeth and they simply deep fat fried the whole thing. They had to take it back and pull the meat off for him. I guess you had to be sophisticated to enjoy such a nightmare.
Interesting presentation 👍
Before I make a comment, this is for Sam, and it's important! It's been happening for a few weeks (I don't _think_ an update was involved).  I love Nebula, but I can't get directly in touch with them to tell them about a problem. I can watch shorter videos on my tablet, like your excellent HAI ones, but pretty much any video (though there is even some "internal dispute" regarding which ones) over about 10 minutes long, so like this one, crashes my tablet! It initially rebooted it, but now it's going all the way to shut it down. Could you *please* pass this on to any of your tech people (it's an Android 12, tons of room on both memories, a good processor etc, and I can watch hours-long film on other channels like Curiosity Stream.)  Right, the comment (just additional info for aviation nerds really 😉😆) If you're really into aviation, go to Mentour Pilot (that is the spelling, he's Swedish with excellent English. Typically so!) He's a 737 captain and line trainer, so there's not much about that craft that he doesn't know. His main channel (the above one) goes into detail about accidents, without any sensationalism and with a lot of respect. Though he's unafraid to call out any stupidity, particularly in the cockpit.   He has a second channel, Mentour Now, which covers aviation news, both technical & business, and occasionally political if necessary, but he doesn't talk about politics in general, just political decisions or interference with the aviation industry. So no lectures!  For anyone who is into aviation, including the "behind the scenes" stuff, much like this excellent video, it's a valuable resource. I'm not saying that Petter (the pilot) is better than Sam's collaborators in this (I had never heard of them before and will look them up), just that alongside such channels, he's absolutely worth watching. In fact I know that many people who watch HAI and Wendover also watch Tom Scott. If you saw him trying to fly a commercial plane on his own (in a sim, of course), Petter was his mentor! 😊
I wouldn't fly on a Boeing aircraft .
Phil was duped by his “friend“ Harry.  Harry implemented the Jack Welch strategy.
So you're saying the problem is unfettered capitalism?
Stakeholder capitalisme.... I appreciate capitalisme, I even studied business in college, mainly because I was teen during the economic collapse around 08-09 and wanted to understand how and why it happened and when it will happen again. But most major companies are run by share holders and Stakeholders who bought their way into a company solely to make a profit. You could swap out the board of directors/main shareholders of for instance EA and Boeing and both companies would be exactly where they are now. There are no engineers leading the company Boeing,  there are no computer engineer or developers leading AAA game studios. No wonder everything eventually fails. Just like how there are no middle/ lower class citizens currently doubling as presidents or prime ministers, just c**ts who praise the almighty $
Ironic error in a video focused about quality control...the B-2 was built by Northrup Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.
ummmm, Lockheed martin didn't make the B-2, Northrop did they lost the advanced tactical bomber (ATB) program
As someone from the south sound, I was like “wait there’s Boeing facilities in the south sound” oh offices and surrounding the military base, checks out
The 737 was done at the NG, Destroyed Boeing by not accepting that.
People died because Boeing thought they were Walmart.
Western companies are losing their edge due to MBA CEO's who only want to maximize shareholders value (which is their job) NOW and don't care about what's coming tommorow. The future will be dominated by companies that restrain from MBA CEO's.
Yes, this idea will make them take years to develop a new aircraft and the profit would roll in as fast as they would like, but Boeing should have developed a new aircraft from the get-go.  It would save them from a bunch of headaches.
How did Boeing lose their way? They probably outsourced the navigation software to save a few pennies. ;)
Can't keep blaming EVERYTHING on McDonnell Douglas merger, that was LOOONG ago.. Like blaming Ford issues on the Pinto...  As a shareholder I'd love to see MGMT get shaken up but as a Airplane geek i LOVE those damn airplanes.. 1 Flight anywhere on a 747 is all I ever wanted.. Damn..😕
It was great to hear your well informed take on Boeing! I just did a stock analysis video on my channel, looking at the current collapse of Boeing from an investing perspective.
Not to mention the Boeing V-22 Osprey.
777 and 787 my beloved
Is no one going to mention that the B-2 spirit is not a Lockheed Martin aircraft. Wendover was so blinded by the economic incentive of transitioning into a nebula ad he overlooked the details which is Ironic given the theme of this video
Spirit is a big problem for Boeing
The cancerous legacy of Jack Welch metastasized.
AIR WALMART
Very informative video. However, I would’ve liked to see any details regarding the effect buddy-buddy relationship between boeing and FAA
Uh...  the B-2 is Northrop-Grumman, not Lockheed-Martin.
“Boeing is trying to be a Michelin Star kitchen with a fast food mindset.” -Wendover Productions 2024
But DEI is the problem??????....what a joke....
I fly Boeings built during their glory days. 787s are now solid but the 737 redesigns need to stop. They need a solid new narrow body aircraft to upset the system. SouthWest and Alaska wont like it but they will survive the transition to a better plane.  As always, excellent video!
Boeing CEO: “guys… we have to make the ultimate jet now”  Chairmen: “why?”  Boeing CEO: “wendover productions made a video on how mid we are”
The competency crisis is here. Boeing is too focused on appeasing investors
I'm still pissed about this.
“Boeing is trying to be a Michelin star kitchen with a fast food mindset” 🔥🔥🔥
The reason behind all of this? Greed
A great American company responsible for changing air travel and responsible for 747 a plane that would help change the lives of BILLIONS people including mine   Sad to see this happen.
The 797 was their way to the future, but they cling to the lowest cost effective past.  Embraer will overtake Boeing.
Boeing became the Walmart of the airline industry.  Strongarming suppliers to get the best deal for themselves.
D E I 😂
I wish you would have included coverage of the highly corrupt relationship between Boeing and the US Government in this video.
It's amazing to see how far Boeing has fallen.  It's a very high profile example of a systemic problem across many fields these days:  Profits first.  Maximizing the "value" that shareholders can recover means removing value from the company.  In the last 20-30 years there has been a huge epidemic of mediocrity in favor of financial gain, doing whatever they can to wring every last penny out to just hand it over as stock dividends.
In addition to the disastrous strategic decisions detailed in this video should be added the 767 air tanker contract whereby Boeing managed both to lose money and piss off the Air Force and the Canadair CRJ 900 debacle wherein they gave a aircraft model they needed to Airbus for free. The fact is that for the past 25 years every strategic decision made by Boeing has been wrong and every strategic plan has been misguided? What is required is the George Constanza response. Senior Boeing management should spend 3 or 4 months developing 5, 10 and 15 year plans to recover Boeings reputation and restore profitability. The Board of Directors should then carefully review those plans and do the exact opposite. If every decision is wrong and every plan misconceived then the opposite has to be right.  Your welcome Boeing.
equity and inclusion. thats how. look at all the planes running in to each other on runways.
Excellent work team 👏
Thank the clown regulators that approved all the plane manufacturers mergers causing less competition
I'm not 100% sure Boeing can build new aircraft at this point
"Adopting the 5S's of lean methodology" Every company I've seen adopt 5S did it in a really ham-handed way that caused more problems than it solved.  After watching the video, it's what I suspected. They've become beholden to idiots who can't see more than one quarter into the future. Those types of people are actively ruining the world and need to be stopped.
how boeing lost it's door*
how can you only mention in passing the deaths of hundreds of people and spent 20 minutes on business gobbledygook?
Maybe.. just maybe... Stuff where the cost of failure is human life.. shouldn't be run for profit.
TAP IN INFINITE MONEY METHOD: PLACE PUTS ON BOEING STOCK
this could be a 1 minute video: the same thing happened to Boeing as any other corporations. they got greedy, focused only on money and forgot their core business. and it will continue to happen because there are no consequences to the executives, they'll take their money and run, while burning the company to the ground
I'll take "Diversity, Explosions & Incompetence" for $1000 Alex.
it’s a matter of a series of unlucky and unfortunate events.  especially this newest scandal. it is almost 100% certain that there is an accepted level of missing or torque variance on bolts or rivets or other fasteners.  it just happened to be a very unlucky set of them that caused this. an event which now allows Airbus to quietly scramble behind the scenes to check these things without any of the scandals.
Nothing mentioned on DEI/ESG woke company cultures.
B-2 is made by Northrop Grumman not Lockheed Martin
The worst thing that could've happen is that you don't feel save in a 737-900 anymore. People starting to set filters in search engines to avoid these Boeings. When airlines notice this you already know, what they will do for their nex order. And they're already starting to switch.
After MD, it’s now gotten to be all about the beans being counted and not the product earning the beans.
Love your content and as always this video is just * chefs kiss.   Would love to see an airbus video of the same time period and the decisions that have led to increased growth, market share, and overall success
how do your appease your management??? your management is the one doing your appeasing!
Isn’t the B-2 build by Northrop Grumman? (You stated Lockheed Martin in the video)
I also think the move of Boeing's headquarters from Seattle to Chicago and now DC a part of the issue.  The executives are too far from the factory to understand what's happening in the factory.
Cooking a Michelin meal is a process, and its cooks are machinists, what you said is false. It is the quality of the machinist output, and what that costs that Boeing is not willing to bear.
It’s almost like a reverse merger at this point.  It’s pretty incredible Mcdonald Douglas managed to infect boeing like a virus with all the issues the DC-10 spawned.
Boeing is trahs now, they are even lower than Chinese planes
18:05 Tell that to McDonald's. Expensive crappy burgers, piss water drinks and good luck getting a milkshake!!!!!
🤨 Woke Boeing's woke broke airplanes   crumple up and rip like a Pepsi can. Ain't no way I'm ever getting on that woke broke Pepsi can Goofy plane
Hey Sam, I thought you preferred Boeing because of Season 1 of Jet Lag
capitalism is such an efficient system.
12:24 what the hell is that climb
I've been an aerospace machinist for about 8 years now. I work at a third party supplier, its a family owned company with about 100 people working there. We're AS9100 certified and make parts for commercial and military aircraft, including flight safety components. We are given a blueprint from a "middle man" supply company, sometimes given a vague description of what the component is used for, and tasked with machining it to the exact print requirements.  We can do that just fine, but having such a compartmentalized manufacturing system seems so much more prone to mistakes and misunderstanding when you have no clue what the next level of component assembly looks like. From a machinist prospective, if you want to make a precise, well designed, and quickly manufactured aircraft, something like SkunkWorks in the 50's-90's seems to make the most sense. Where you have everyone from the design team to the machinists working in close proximity in the same facility.
Boeing lost its way because payed McD merger with a stock swap. Being a public company without a major controller shareholder, this operation resulted in the bizarre output of McD being the major controllers of the "New Boeing".  And, allegedly, one great example of their incompetence is exactly in the video: the "717 strategy" was a dumb and terrible managed copy of the successfuly and original design approach of Embraers ERJ. Alledgly, they made terrible decisions since DC-10 cargo doors. It's not coincidence that the last great Boeing is the 777.  C'mom guys, please, outsource your core expertise is a mistake. There isn't topic complex enough for yours unbelievable and detailed oriented research skills and this video prove it: even "specialists" can't get at the same level of you guys. I love all of yours videos, except this one.
Boeing doesn't exist. It's McDonnell Douglas wearing a Boeing skinsuit like the bug in MiB 1
Pretty sad how juggernaut companies are able to routinely screw up without meaningful consequence simply because there's not enough competition.
"this went poorly" 😂
How can we trust your credibility when you don't even know which (of the only 3 I may add) defense contractors designed and built the B2??
its really a shame that all of these companies are run by people who can only see the most immediate profits available
Lockheed isn’t the only other American aircraft manufacturer. You also have Northrop Grumman, Piper, Beechcraft, and Textron.
That bomber was made by Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.
I won't be sad to see the end of Boeing. They show what's wrong with the corporate US. Short term gains over everything else.
You say that this has no easy solution, but how is this not a massive leadership failure? What does the C suite story look like in relation to these failings?
Well at least they have a world class D iverse E quity  and I llusion progm.
1:20  Thats the old Boeing/Douglas building in long beach!
Boeing had at one point the attitude "build good airplanes and the business will take care of itself" and now they don't.
I was at a mariners game with my uncle, who worked for Boeing when I was a kid. He was making small talk to a guy sitting next him and the guy asked my uncle, How many people work at Boeing? My uncle quickly responded “About half of them” 😂
Is this a repost? Sounds extremely familiar....
I so wish Lockheed would get back into commercial aerospace and provide more competition Its engineering was superior to MD's And I still miss the L1011. Long before I knew anything about planes, I tried to book tickets on that type because it was so quiet and comfortable.
I have a suspicion that Boeing will be nationalized within 10 years. We're essentially watching the effects of unchecked capitalism wreak havoc on something the public has no tolerance for mediocrity or subpar performance. Shareholders will always push for profits and management only cares about shareholders. So unless their cash flow and stock price issues can be ignored for long enough by someone with balls to focus on the long term health of the company, I don't see Boeing surviving this path McDonnell Douglas' execs put it on back in the 90's.
Short sighted c-suite crapification
HOW ARE WE GOING TO GET RID OF THESE MISFITS.
Has Northrop Grumman merged with Lockheed? Because Lockheed didn’t build the B-2
16:09 a wild Merkel appears
Go woke, go broke
this video is way too much. its actually very simple, they went from being run by egineers to being run by the finance departement. thats it.
How are the things they are doing to suppliers legal? Are there no anti trust laws that address issues like these where there is a huge imbalance of power?
You don’t even touch passengers actively avoiding flights with Boeing planes with problems in the past. Or the whole Airbus/Bombardier that caused them to shoot themselves in the foot.
As someone else said before me, Boeing became a monopoly and shifted towards profits over design.
I find this as huge evidence that companies begin run for max investor profit only ever leads to lost overall profet in the long run. It is literally legally required for public corporations to seek maximum return to investors in spite of long term company growth. They have to narrowly balance between dividends and the actual best steps for a corporation. Edit: atleast in the us.
The b2 is not made by Lockheed martin, it's made by Northrup Grumman
The merger with McDonnell Douglas was the beginning of the end  That merger put MD’s penny-pinching boss in charge of the combined company, who was a disciple of the infamous Jack Welch of GE  This profits-over-safety mentality has been with Boeing ever since, and has alienated many of Boeing’s crucial engineering workers as well
How was anyone at Boeing surprised when putting the people who mismanaged McDonald Douglas in charge of Boeing led to poor decisions?
Nobody except Sam from Wendover can pronounce "C"s with such intensity
Re-releasing the same aircraft our grandfathers gave us to fill the pockets of investors to the point you gutted your assets, yeah, you’re going to fail. Capitalism
and the Video didn't even need to mention the Starliner, that was selected with CrewDragon in 2010 and still hasn't flown crew to the ISS where the Dragon already has 7 flights to this day, one basicly on the Pad and another 7 sheduled ... plus another 3 for Axiom to the ISS and the one Tourist flight while costing less, not needing addional goverment funds and with only the one major downside of beeing from Elmo "I like Apartheid" Muskrat
So they brought the executives and business model from a broke company expecting it to be a success. 🤦
Like so many companies, including the one I used to work for before I retired, they let the accountants take over the decision making in order to appease the investors.
Thank you boeing for the free airbus advertisements
If it's Boeing, I ain't going.
Everytime there is a new Share Buy Back program, remember that those are millions of dollars sent to Wall Street instead of to workers, production lines or Quality Control.
Welcome to all of corporate america. After working for 20 years across multiple industries as a corporate worker or as a consultant the VAST majority of companies are internally broken and all leadership focus on is controling the narrative and chasing their next bonus.
Lockheed-matin didn't make the B-2 stealth bomber, they built the F-117a, the first stealth fighter.
How dare you defy the Gods of Wall Street, and say that Boeing cost cut themselves out of the leadership position – just like most great American companies that have fallen from grace!  I have every confidence in the Boeing finance department’s ability to come up with a new cost, saving Measure that will bring Airbus to its knees - laughing .
B-2 is not built by Lockheed Martin it is built by Northrop Gruman
Lol that's what happens when you DEI too hard. 😂
Theres a difference between making money and ONLY caring about money. Boeing however only cares about money. The culture in the factory is a joke and about 90% of them should be fired which is why it's laughable that the factory wants paid as much as airline mechanics as they truly believe they do more work than pre flight/flight because the rule in the factory is finish yoiur bar chart and youre done for the day. QAs dont get up from their chairs and half the factory workers dont care about doing their job correctly. Until bean counting ends in the factory this simply wont stop
How is Airbus able to maintain and increase their quality?
I worked in accounting for a F500 who supplied Boeing and we had to send them certain financials to prove we were a healthy partner. The questions we would get were some of the dumbest, most basic in the world. Had to look up the contact on LinkedIn and of course it was some college intern communicating with us lol. Good job Boeing, you really make sure all the work you do is quality.
One of your best videos 👏👏👏
Corporate greed and bureaucracy
This whole video just to defend Brian from Real Engineering saying “if it ain’t Boeing I ain’t going”
19:00 - Slipping in one of the best airliners of all time, the Lockheed L-1011 😂
....when the McDonnell Douglas corporate thugs took over, eh?
Let me shorten this to one word. "Greed"
uhh the B2 is Northrop Grumman's plane
tbh if Boening was founded in any other country this wouldn't of happened, American ignorance and greed led to its overall fall
B-2 was made by Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin
I had a joke about how bad it's going for Boeing, but after their latest accident, that joke went out the window.
Why dance around the issue? Corporate GREED! And no mention of the lack of FAA inspections?
17:13 BRAVO 👏👏👏👏👏 Best run-on sentence I've heard in a long time!!
This was so good!
Ok so with so much going wrong with company's that keep needing to make more because investors keep forcing them, when does this stop, when the world is in complete poverty due to only a specific few forcing the hand or will governments ever get smart and change the rules to stop this or something
"It's the small things that matter"  I am an IT engineer and I approve this sentence 100%
@19:55 "I must be going - because I'm not Boeing".
I don't think the fast food/Michelin restaurant analogy works. Michelin restaurants are able to produce the quality they do because they are working at small volume and are producing a pretty simple product. One person can take overall responsibility for everything they do. Boeing has to produce incredibly complex products at a very large scale (the development costs are too high for it to be affordable if you aren't producing thousands of aircraft). Working at that scale, with strict regulations that require precise consistency means being a process-driven company. There is no other way to do it. (They do need to change their mindset to have their processes focus on quality rather than cost, though - not having "double check you've put all the bolts in the door plug" in the process is completely unacceptable).
It all comes down to three letters: DEI
A Boeing airplane???...sounds like something just fell off it. "Boe-iiinnng" - Benny Hill.
A friend of a friend has contacts in Boeing and the secret service. The general advice from both is:  Do NOT ever fly Boeing because to them, it's cheaper to let the planes crash than to make them safe.  Not even Boeing's own staff flies in their aircraft. That's how bad it is.
Great video. Unfortunately we are witnessing the end of a once great company formerly known as Boeing.
OMG, it's not the end of the world...
no such thing as neutral or power or balance or et
guys buy boeing stock buy the dip bros
The 737 Max issue was so fucking awful for pilots, when Boeing blamed the two pilots for those crashes.  I know a few commercial pilots and they took those accusations as attacks on themselves. It was so insulting to most that I know.
I feel like boeing rn. I feel like the company is facing an identity crisis.
What really twisted the knife with the door plug issue is that this was a plane that Boeing and its supporters already insisted is already safe after the whole MCAS issue. It's basically, "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." People thought the plane was already safe, and yet here we are months later with a door plug being blown off.   Companies will still order the MAX. But the incidents would likely serve as leverage for airline companies to ask for lower prices knowing that Boeing has airplane manufacturing issues. So their ever-increasing effort to cut costs could lead to more companies asking for better deals to thier expense. It's the prime example of karma.  Reversing all that bad company culture will probably be several years, and the cost it will put on Boeing will likely take tens of billions of potential profits away that they could have earned had they done things right.
Need to take the profit motive out of Boeing. INCORPORATE IT INTO A NON-PROFIT. Fire THE president and replace the board of directors.
Aircraft Boeing is one thing, but then there’s Aerospace Boeing with the ever delayed Starliner
One of the crucial factor is probably that Airbus has always been a joint venture of different European planemakers and not a monolith company like Boeing. They have much more experience in managing that kind of supply chain and all the deals with critical subcontractors across the continent, and can make that work.
Sadge
This was an interesting video to watch, but you seem to have forgotten that Boeing is the third largest military company in the world and continues to fund war crimes at this very moment, including 1,800 GPS-Guidance bomb kits expedited to Israel to speed up the execution of the ongoing genocide in Palestine, not to mention the surveillance projects along the US-Mexico border and collaboration. Those kind of priorities can't do good things for your soul, which I would imagine eventually find some ways of haunting every single aspect of the company and all those involved with it, especially when that war profiteering is irresistible to individuals with the same capitalist, myopic and morally vapid value systems as those in positions of power at Boeing. Otherwise, quite enjoyed it!
Seems like they'll step over a dollar to save a dime. Such a pity for a once amazing company...
The 777 was the last product made by Boeing when they were focused on engineering and not increasing their share holder value. Almost all products past the Triple 7 have had some sort of delay or problem. B787, P-8, ScanEagle, B737 MAX, B77X. It’s all gone down the drain in the quality control department, both in building and designing the planes. Thank goodness possible problems with their Defense Department are usually classified, because then I could probably only add to the list. There’s a reason why McDonnell Douglas and their DC-10 had so many design issues, because their philosophy was to protect their market price first and design the plane second. seems that philosophy has infected Boeing as well now. why they hired an MBA guy to lead them, and not a guy who knew Aerospace engineering, we will probably never know. (Feel free to rip apart my comment here in the reply section if I’m wrong about any of this, I love having discussions about this type of stuff in the Aerospace world.)
I think Spirit makes some parts for Airbus nowadays, even acquired a factory in Belfast off Bombardier to shorten some of the supply chain (though I think they still ship some parts across the Atlantic).
Government money corrupted it. That stuff Wendover likes more than anything else in the world.
Would anyone else prefer if Wendover's videos had no or far less music? I find it distracting and a bit overbearing.
Boeing let McDonnell Douglas buy Boeing with Boeing's money.  Since then McDonnell Douglas DBA Boeing, Inc. has lost all its engineering prowess.
First job was at a Boeing supplier. Remember that good ol' Partner for "Success" lol! Yes, they just literally said they were going to pay us less for things we made. On some parts which had been a long term contract, the costs of materials and production for to a point we would lose money. Fun times
Thats what happened when you hire based on race, skin color and sex. Your product turns into dog sh*t
this is similar to pharma 5 in the usa, sold off the R&D
The MBA idiots are killing manufacturing in this country. I’ve seen it again and again over 30 years in manufacturing. Dear Christ, please stop letting these morons call themselves leaders. I’ve had leaders. They ain’t it. I wouldn’t follow any of my past and current “leaders “ to the liquor store on free beer day.
You did forget that Boeing back a few months mentioned not having or planning any new clean sheet design plans until the 2030s…
Cutting corners and hiding information... recipe for disaster.
The airbus equivalent of the 787 is the A330neo, not the A350. A350 is supposed to be a 777 contender, especially the A350-1000
Héroux-Devtek might be much smaller than UTC (now Collins Aerospace), but it’s still the third largest landing gear manufacturer in the world. It also built the landing gears for Apollo’s lunar modules back in the day.
They lost their way by letting mbas run the company rather than engineering
My quick guess before watching is they were left alone to regulate themselves by the FAA, which when you’re a business chasing profits is always a recipe for disaster.
As a European, I will say 'Concorde Karma'
9:50 Coulngh't 🍷🍷🍷
I find some of the comments here hilarious. This is a 23 minute long video explaining why and how Boeing lost its way. Some people read the title and they felt the need to explain what happened in just a few words.
I’ve been saying for decades that the profit before people model doesn’t work. But what would I know…
DEI initiatives are the death of reason, production, and success
Boeing excecs will do well to watch this video
A love letter to whata left of american aviation -sam
Boeing needs to focus exclusively on the next generation leap for replacing the 737. Take the losses until then.. Cut everything that's not reestablishing their core .They chased the 320 instead of leapfrogging it with a 737 replacement. Short term financial goals uver patient long term strategy. This according to my highly amateurish flight enthusiast opinion.
This story is very common in aerospace/military manufacturing. It is very hard for aerospace companies to turn profits.  Now the designs created by the aerospace companies are made without the hands on experience.  This creates a huge disconnect and longer development for the contracting companies.  It is such a difficult industry.
Living down the road from the Renton plant, I remember the begging of the end when they merged with MD. They basically turned a great engineering company and turned it over to a company that was going out of business. Only Wall Street could think that was a good idea........ Once the region was dependent on Boeing, since they moved the headquarters to Chicago and manufacturing to South Carolina they're now more of an annoyance to the region. Can't be excited about a company that is willing to kill innocent passengers to make a quick profit.
Why society really needs their consumer protection agencies to stop large mergers. Competition is needed to keep planes safe.
TLDR:  DEI being more important than a quality product
I can’t imagine having the word “spirit” in your aeronautical company name and not feeling cursed.
Makes me think, aeroplanes should be made by governments and not private companies. That way, profits and business interests never get in the way of engineering. Had Boeing been a US-government enterprise, they would have made a new aircraft instead of 737.   You may think this will get rid of competition, but that only applies within the US. Outside the USA, Boeing would have to compete with Airbus. Planned economies may lack internal competition, but not in the export market.
The pursuit of shareholder value in the short term does a poor job of producing shareholder value in the long term. Companies like Boeing that squeeze and squeeze and squeeze the people and partners who make their products are (eventually) doomed to fail. Shareholder capitalism is relatively new and we're seeing real consequences now
smh this is why i dont buy boeing planes
So the increased profits the bean counters squeezed out of the system was not worth it. They lost all of it and more. AND lost their reputation! Predatory capitalism at its worst!
I don't know why they wasted their time visiting the likes of Toyota.   The fundamental difference between bone and Toyota is the type of culture at the company. Toyota prioritizes build quality over just about everything else. They formulate their business plans around a long-term point of view. Rather than a short-term point of view like pretty much all American companies do. They will not hesitate to stop their entire manufacturing line if a problem is found within that line that jeopardizes the rest of it. And resume it once that problem has been found and addressed.   Maybe Boeing share that same mentality at one point in their history. But that point is long gone. A very distant memory at best.
Great and respectful intro
Good video, yet there's one very important piece of information missing: most of the cost cutting, outsourcing and supplier-squeezing was NOT NECCESSARY, or at least not to such an extreme extent. Boeing was profitable and since they are operating in a duopoly with Airbus, they will always be simply because their competition will never have the capacity to satify the whole market. But that wasn't enough for the greedy investors who wanted to milk every last penny out of Boeing and the likewise greedy executives who did just that so they would get those sweet sweet bonuses. Now all of them filled their pockets, ruined the company in the process and moved on - isn't late stage capitalism great?
I think in the next decade or two, you are going to see smaller new players enter the market with that original engineering mindset and do very well.
Sam. I got a video idea for you from Sweden: "Why approx 50 bags of dog poo rained down in downtown Stockholm, Sweden". A ventilation hole for a tunnel construction: blasting + people putting said bags in that hole over time.
Genius MBA grads will never be as smart as they think they are, and they'll never be smart enough to run an engineering company like Boeing. When you put short-term profits before long-term success, you get a little burst of success and then suffer long-term decline. Before the US government bails out Boeing, maybe make them fire all their asshats and focus on long-term goals again. We'd like Boeing to be a source of pride for the country again, not its dirty little open & subsidized secret.
Boeing's troubles clearly began with the McDonnell Douglas merger.  Boeing went from an engineering focused company to a financially focused company.  From spinning off critical portions like Spirit to massive stock buybacks that left the company short of cash, by obsessing about the stock price and the bottom line, Boeing made both worse.  It's sad and it's pathetic.
The Boeing/McDonnell Douglas merger was in 1997. In 2001 the executives moved the administrative HQ away from manufacturing and engineering in the Seattle area to Chicago. In 2003 the stock started a climb to historic heights. It faltered a bit between 2007 and 2009 but after hitting about $43/share in Feb 2009, it had a steady climb to about $424/share in Feb 2019 (between the first and second 737 Max crashes). That is an 886% increase.  The MBA's did exactly what the board wanted. rea to Chicago. In 2003 the stock started a climb to historic heights. It faltered a bit between 2007 and 2009 but after hitting about $43/share in Feb 2009, it had a steady climb to about $424/share in Feb 2019 (between the first and second 737 Max crashes). That is an 886% increase.  The MBA's did exactly what the board wanted.
Come on this is completely ridiculous. I CANNOT believe people are still referencing the Ethiopian and Indonesian crashes as somehow being Boeing's fault. The stuff being said around 13:20 is absolutely, utterly misinformed - leaving out the information that those airlines completely failed to properly train their pilots or maintenance crews is shockingly biased. "A single sensor" yeah, which had been installed incorrectly by maintenance in the Lion Air 737 and which was most likely hit by a bird in the Ethiopian 737. There has been a standard procedure in manuals for DECADES regarding how to deal with a stabilizer trim runaway. The crews of the accident aircraft DID NOT FOLLOW IT. Additionally, at least Ethiopian Airlines was found by an international investigation to have completely misrepresented their dissemination of Boeing training information to their pilots. Pilots who, mind you, were so inexperienced that they simply would not have been allowed to fly airliners in the US. Please, please stop regurgitating sensationalist nonsense. It makes everyone dumber.  Additionally, the story of the development of the 787 completely disproves the meme that Boeing "puts profits over safety". If that was true, they would just stop manufacturing them - instead, they've continued to pursue a revolutionary design in the name of the advancement of aeronautics. Do better.
13:00 so, is it a monopsony?
Bruh I work at Spirit in Wichita and I'm surprised sometimes that these planes don't crash more often
I've always been biased towards airbus because it was the first aircraft I worked on.  However, Boeing was like an old trusty aircraft company that made good products.  It's amazing that just during my near 20 years on this field, Boeing was completely ran into the ground by the successive CEO that made huge mistakes with only profits in mind.
Ah, another public company gone down the shitter to please investors. Publically traded companies is a cancer, unless they are governmental.
This just fell in Wendover's lap... Been waiting for this for while now. Well done Boeing...😅
So the company let the wolves in and got fleeced.
High pay with no unions to protect bad workers and inspectors.  The Michelin Star model is spot on. High pay working for premiere chef. But high risk if you fuck up. Fired like Gordon Ramsey
12:00 Heroux-Devtek, an "obscure" supplier? Seriously? They are the oldest manufacturer of landing gears. They were even selected to build that Apollo Lunar Module landing gear.
Great video, only one issue  - THE B-2 WAS BUILT BY NORTHROP GRUMMAN, NOT LOCKHEED MARTIN
BOEING, BOEING. Always BOEING.🌎👍❤.
They hired foreign workers at 9 dollars an hour to program their 737 Max software while getting rid of their experienced US software engineers. Oops!
>Advertises Nebula with a glaring factual error.  Whooooops.
The B-2 was designed and built by Northrop-Grumman, not Lockheed-Martin.
can you also make a video about the boeing aerospace aspects?
It's not just Boeing trying to be a Michelin star kitchen with a fast food mindset. That's all of America at ever strata; class, industry, innovation, foreign policy, culture, so on and so on. This story of Boeing IS the story of America.
Why would you take the deciding figures and strategy from a company and plane that didn’t succeed and put them in charge of much of your company, that previously did succeed?
Every person even the slightest bit critical of capitalism could see this coming from a mile away. Profit above all else causes widespread suffering and failure. If only there were alternative economic systems that prioritized factors other than profit 🤔
The people that run Boeing have never and will never work with fellow Engineers. They can't possibly understand how it really is the people designing the planes and building the planes that matter. Even moreso it's those people working together to make the process better. So capturing the energy of the "old Boeing" with the same leadership that the helm seems basically impossible, in my opinion.
Boeing is engineering company not a corporate company.Plane are design by engineering people not corporate people who's mind is PROFIT FIRST AND SAFETY IS LAST,then make a stupid corporate statement about their dumb mistakes.
Like Wendover brushing over Boeing designing a plane to fly into the ground killing 700 people as "slightly weird flight charasteristics".
Watching this while waiting to board my flight home.
After all the 737 max stuff, I make sure my not flying on a Boeing when looking for flights
Dear Boeing, It is OK to close your doors and regroup, replan, reconsider, but most important, REFLECT. Reflect on the bad decisions made in the last several years. Reflect on the fact that, if the competitor is getting ahead, trying to build airplanes faster at the cost of quality AND passengers lives, is not the way to go. So please, shut down for a few years, and come back as a company that passengers can trust, again. Because I can tell you, I will take an extra stop over or two, as long as I don't have to set foot on one of your planes, specially your 37MAX.
Boeing needs to fire all its execs and hire the most tenured engineer they have as CEO.  Also they need to give the middle finger to the investors demanding short term profits.  CMAC is salvating right about now.
The damn greed.
It's more or less the same story with Intel, and how they went from being ~2 nodes ahead of the industry, to struggling to catch up with the industry and being stuck in 14nm+++++ for half a decade, while appeasing shareholders short-term by "returning equity" instead of investing in the business
DEI is destroying what’s left of it…
I absolutely agree with the popular assessment that the cause of this problem was replacing the engineers with suits, but I also think that's missing the bigger picture.  This problem isn't unique to engineering.  This is a problem across all of western and western-influenced corporate culture, especially here in the US.  At some point around the mid-late 20th century, an extremely destructive idea started to gain popularity that the primary (or indeed only) purpose of any business was to make money.  Not to do whatever that company was actually in the business of doing, but to see how much they could minmax their profit margins quarter after quarter.  Suddenly it wasn't about making the best widget you could because you cared about the quality of the widgets your company was making, it was about how many corners you could cut off your widget before the drop in quality started to cost you more money than it saved you.  Corporations started to become run exclusively by MBAs willing to sacrifice everything up to and including human lives if they calculated it would put a few extra dollars in their already obscenely heavy pockets.  It's no coincidence that the rise in income inequality started around the same time people started to notice a decline in the quality of many consumer products.  The generations that remembered the gilded age and the depression had largely died off, and the younger generations that only remembered the prosperity of the post-WWII years overwhelmingly elected politicians like Reagan and Thatcher on the promise that what was good for the ultra-wealthy would ultimately benefit them (spoiler alert: it had exactly the opposite effect).  Here we are almost half a century later, and the economic situation we have today is the end result.  Greed, especially corporate greed, is a cancer that should be eradicated from this world with extreme prejudice.  Moral of the story: the ultra-rich aren't your friends, they don't care about you, and letting them get away with whatever they want is NEVER going to benefit you or anyone but them.
DEI claims another victim.
How? Greed.
Your tie in for the mustard video allude that Lockheed Martin makes the B-2 and B-21....it does not. How'd you mess that up?
The technical staff of the world are getting older. Young people are only being generated in Africa and parts of Asia. The engineers of the future needed to be recruited there but in the 2000's. We missed that boat.
This is a story about Boeing but really it's a story of failure of capitalism. Short term interests completely destroying long term plans that make sense.
Fly superior European technology--Fly Airbus! (You know you will if you're given the choice).
Boeing should relocate back to Seattle from Virginia
Who knew replacing Engineers with people that know nothing but cutting costs would make things go badly?
Sheeesh, that alliteration was heatn🔥🔥🔥
Everyone likes to simplify this to "don't put some wall street MBA in charge of an engineering company" and don't get me wrong I despise high level business people with a deep seated passion, but just inserting someone with an enginerring degree as CEO doesn't fix the problem, a lot of their worst CEOs have been engineers. Anyone can be greedy, not just people with business degrees (even if I do hate them more).
I love your videos but you don't need 23 minutes to explain greed.
We've stopped producing engineers who can actually build things and become distracted by other pursuits
And yet some people are trying to blame this on DEI initiatives 🙄
And their competition Airbus assemble parts all over Europe and is highly politicized. It would be easy to outperform them, but Boeing is the pinnacle of corporate greed.
If it’s Boeing, I ain’t going!
capitalism and financialization has ruined yet another aspect of modern life
The problem with the 737 is that it's a 57 year old design
This is exactly what happened to the Roman Empire.
Boeing still securing orders for years down the line. Stock price will return In time.
I love this channel
Lol every story about Boeing seems to go, "Then the McDonnell Douglas executives and their master, Satan, came and ruined everything."
I will never put a foot into a Boeing. After watching that Netflix documentary, that was Cristal clear to me.
Private equity is the scourge of the United States
northrop grumman manufactures the b2
Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors Focusing on cashflow for investors
The Boeing Effect: When a company that used to have amazing products turns to trash because the leadership gets fixated on shareholder value and short-term profits.
you might as well wipe your ass with an MBA degree if someone tries to show it to you
MBAs chasing the bottom line, dragging the company down to meet them. It's a shame.
something happened when we let investors control our world
Verdict if you don't understand what the business you are in you won't thrive.   Boeing needs to realize that commodity industry is hard, turns out it's a lot easier to find new physics loopholes than it is to drive the price of a component price down the 10% you might get from a new material allowing a higher bypass ratio, or just designing a plane that's a few percent more efficient by being built for a slightly slower cruising speed. Frankly it looks like they forgot that they are in a heavily tech driven industry and that's fine if you can make something faster and cheaper now than back then. But if you can't you do have to go back to your bread and butter.
TL:DW: Greed
I knew the gist but what a wonderfully compiled documentary, Wendover truly makes learning the most mundane and abstract things enjoyable
Start my job there next month. Hope I can do my part in getting shit together.
The company has simply run out of talent. And kids of today, simply don’t have the necessary.
Basically, Mcdonnald Douglas sucked and tanked two companies.
Been waiting for this vid for a longtime 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
guess we can say they Boeing'd out of orbit
Wait... Im still watching the intro, and I bet it ends with, "then Boeing merged with McDonald Douglas".
12:24 is that a real take-off? Which model?
Got me in the first second. I heard “This video is…” and thought it was the sponsor.
Did you just say that B2 is a Lockheed plane?
Boeing is in a death spiral that is going to be hard to get out of. The only real way to save themselves is to inject cash into hiring more talent. Enough talent to go over what is in the air, maintain production and development. That’s going to be expensive so they’ll probably half ass it untill the next disaster.
A sobering note.. talk to anyone who works in Boeing's defense side.. same problems as commercial.
I think we all know what the answer is…Elon needs to start a (an electric) aircraft company…I said it…go ahead…
It really all started with this one guy called "Mr.Hands"
Who would’ve thought that the strategy that bankrupted one mega ‪corporation would not have succeeded at another? Genius! LOL  I’m wondering if the 737 team did the standard ‪corporatism‬ thinking & basically disregarded the lessons from the 717 instead of heeding them?
Born in raised in WA. Everyone knows someone who works or worked at Boeing. Its a shame to see the fall. I just hope they fix it before they ruin a state.
bro did you record this on an xbox mic? this is pretty bad
21:29 The B2 is a Northrop Grumman Project... Just like Boeing you failed in the details....  Shame...
Boeing needs to stop sacrificing quality for share buybacks. The problem is they don't have leaders that know how to do that.
"can cut and squeeze those it needs most" while showing Alaskan aircraft is 100% on point. Alaska has a 100% Boeing fleet and it is biting them in the a$$
The FAA allowing Boeing to self-regulate is such an absurd concept, I almost didn't believe it.
This is the problem with listening to your shareholders. Shareholders by and large don't give a shit about the company, they just want good returns on their investment as soon as possible. Truly the best thing you can do for everyone, shareholders included (albeit in the long run), is to ignore your shareholders and focus on what actually matters to your company.
I think it could be called "Target Fixation", where you go exactly where you don't want to go because you are inadvertently so focused on where you don't want to be rather than focused you want to go and avoiding yeeting your motorcycle into a ravine.
How much of the revenue & profits are from new commercial aircraft, vs the rest of the divisions? We only think about the 737MAX (any other model?), 777 & 787, but they do much more that isn’t so publicized.
Do anti-trust laws just not apply to Boeing?
United 585 and USAir 427,  was proof that Boeing had problems with the 737 LONG BEFORE the Max scandal. They should have retired the jet decades ago instead of constantly trying to update the design. In the 60's and 70's, it was a great airplane and was even affectionately known as the " Boeing baby". It should have stayed a baby. It didn't  need to " grow up".
McDonnell Douglas maybe been eaten by Boeing but it definitely took over leadership
Reminds me of Gibson guitars. Formerly world class and universally respected, to now being greedy and third world, universally mocked by modern guitarists. Boing is in the same boat there, albeit crappy guitars don’t kill people  Edit: I just realized I misspelled “Boeing”, I’m leaving it in. 😂
Goddamn I love late stage capitalism. Cut taxes for the executives and run another round of stock buybacks!!
I have worked for both big US and EU companies (not airplane related). The US companies just wanted to save costs. The EU companies just wanted the best product. This video shows the effects of this strategy
The sad part is the greedy fuckers will probably not be put in jail
A manufacturing process is a disaster when driven by accountants, Boeing will continue to kill people if the engineering and technical know how comes back
they fell off ngl
"This went ... poorly."  Yup, that about sums it up.
And this isn't even touching how catastrophic the Starliner program has gone for Boeing.
“ Matriculated down”? Dude!…
jesus this is a very interesting return to airplanes from the wendover team, well done
Boeing needs an activist shareholder revolt.  The GE style of management has destroyed this company.  Until the existing management is given the boot and replaced with a top-notch engineer as CEO the cycle of failure will continue for this organization.
''they just cgggouldn't''
whats this you pay less and get less quality... who knew
Another company with something good and sustainable ruined by a merger. Pursuit of short term profits without accounting for the long term consequences. If we wanna do capitalism successfully, there needs to be some oversight to ensure long term success is prioritized. Else more companies will ruin a good thing in pursuit of short term profits and the people who lose their jobs after decades of work will continue to suffer, while the executives who push for these mergers and cost cutting will just collect their checks and go on to ruin the next great company.
15:56 The 787-9 is not comparable to the A350, the 787 competitor is the A330, while the A350 is a competitor to the 777.
The McDonnel Douglas merge has accuratedly described as "Douglas buying Boeing with Boeing's own money"
Here are some key takeaways from the video "How Boeing Lost Its Way":  1. Boeing's troubles began with the development of the 787 Dreamliner in 2003, when it outsourced much of the design and production to suppliers to cut costs. This led to significant delays and cost overruns.   2. In response, Boeing brought more parts of the 737 MAX development and production in-house. But in trying to rush the plane to market to compete with Airbus's A320neo, it made a flawed design that contributed to two fatal crashes.  3. Boeing has strained relationships with many suppliers by demanding lower prices, leading to defects and disruptions. Spirit Aerosystems in particular has been responsible for many issues with Boeing planes.   4. While Airbus has focused on supply chain stability and incremental innovation, Boeing has embraced a commodity mindset - trying to systematize and optimize aircraft production to increase efficiency and returns to investors. But this approach is not well suited to the complexities of aircraft manufacturing.    5. Boeing has lost a lot of talented staff and institutional know-how. It desperately needs a new aircraft but lacks the internal capabilities and finances to develop one smoothly.   6. Boeing is caught in a downward spiral of cost-cutting and quality issues that make it harder to build safe, reliable, and profitable planes. Deep organizational and cultural changes are likely needed to reverse this trend.
Maybe a corporation, whcih must constantly resist the urge to ruin its final products by ruthlessly cutting costs to boost profits and share prices, shouldnt be allowed to run the manufacture of critical pieces of infrastructure that can kill hundreds of people with even a marginal rate of small defects. If all it takes to ruin a company and crash several planes is new management trying to cut corners we should put the responsibilty of manufacturing planes into the hands of a more institutionally stable organization thats not subject to the whims of a fickle stock market or the motives of private investors. Maybe even since safe planes is a public good, we could all chip in to fund such an organization, so even if sales start to dry up, there is always a source of funding to ensure that planes are being built to a high standard of quality, rather than anyone being forced to try and maintain profit growth during a period like an oil crisis where of course sales are going to slow.
Bravo! Amazing work. Incredible video
The B-2 was made by Northrop, later Northrop Grumman, not Lockheed Martin or any of its constituent companies.
Psychopaths on leading positions ruined Boeing.
It's a balancing act for modern America. Cheaper, leaner, quicker, more streamlined, corner cutting supply chain and manufacturing methods with less emphasis on quality control leads to stronger ROI, ROA, and EBIDTA for the MBAs to show off in presentations and earnings calls, as long as they pay the right McKinsey/Bain/BCG MBA/ivy league-fed consultants to use Excel/data analysis to enforce the narrative that everything is the best of the best in America. And shuffle or ignore the technical folk, just get it done so we can announce our greater success regardless of the specs, regardless of the tests, regardless of the potential for failure. If we make pharmaceuticals that have deadly side effects, baby powder that kills, or planes that fall, we'll just settle in court, fire a CEO and give them a $60 million severance package, construct a building to show we're changing and hiring more people, and pay a $20 million class action lawsuit so each affected person gets dollars in payout. YOY % increase revenue will be 200%, and the board claps.
Oh no it's the consequences of my actions!  - Investors who ruin companies for money
The worst part about this is that Boeing's CEO during the 737 MAX fiasco was an engineer, and it hasn't gotten better since. Something this widespread would have been a part of company culture for way longer than his tenure.
comments freshhh
Boeing: * does a thing * Narrator: This went poorly
When ACTUAL Boeing engineers say they won’t fly the Max themselves…I think I’m going to follow suit… I refuse to fly the Max… I don’t think we’ve seen the last of the issues with this plane..
When buying another company; ALWAYS FIRE THE PREVIOUS MANAGEMENT.  There's a reason why that sinking ship was for sale.
Northrop Grumman made the B2, not Lockheed Martin
Boeing sees itself like a Michellin-starred restaurant but with a McDonald's mindset. Could not have said better.
17:41 Best description of DEI without directly mentioning DEI.
Excellent content1 Thank you
I live near their Charleston factory, so many of my friends were laid off from there only to be re-hired by the companies that were contracted to do the same job for twice the salary for Boeing
I like this type of collab
First, collaborating with Jon Ostrower is perfection. I had the opportunity to meet him a few times through a mutual friend when I worked supply chain for the 787.  Second, most people don’t realize there were actually two rounds of “Partnering for Success” and Boeing gladly went after some suppliers twice because SC Finance had some bean counters who never took into account many fixed overhead, R&D, and resource costs. If a part was made from a $100 block of aluminum and took 5 hours to machine, Boeing said the final product should be purchased at $80 because supplier could make back a lot of money on recycled metal. Nevermind manpower or insurance or amortized machine costs or downtime, etc.  Finally, the downstream impact of supplier when Boeing put the screws on Tier 1 suppliers like Spirit: the Tier 1s would do their own versions of PFS to their subtiers, squeezing more money out of them. End result of this was Spirit moving nearly 10,000 components for larger assemblies, mostly from US machine shops, in the 2017-2020 time period, to a consolidation manufacturing facility in partnership with UACE in Vietnam. Oh, then the pandemic hit and the suppliers had no “rainy day” funds due to PFS, experienced workers “retired”, suppliers were taking on more work for SpaceX, Blue Origin and Relativity because the cache of being a Boeing supplier was long gone.  All thanks to Phil Condit allowing McDonnell Douglas leadership, who torched that company, to take over Boeing, and let the bean counter who ran MD into the ground do the same, whole new management from GE came in to focus on using profits for stock buybacks instead of investing in future models, which Boeing had done successfully since the introduction of the 707 in the 1950s.  The name on the buildings may be Boeing, but the culture is sadly entrenched in MD ways with Jack Welch minions running the show, and the company into the ground.
Great video! Slight mistake at the end ( 21:18 ) though, the B-2 is a Northrop Grumman product not a Lockheed one no?
12:32 Sukhoi fanboys didn’t hear that one
I really hope this company gets its act together.  It's a US national security issue, for one.  They're basically too big to fail and I would be shocked if the US government allowed Boeing to implode since they, Lockheed and NG are the big three when it comes to US Aerospace contracts.  Also, Northrop Grumman built the B-2.
Merging with McDonnell-Douglas was the worst move Boeing ever made. Their executives brought with them the incompetence that necessitated the merger in the first place and gutted Boeing's formerly legendary safety culture.
mmm i love greedy shithead executives ruining everything as usual
First
I would love it if you'd do a 2nd video telling the story of Airbus and how they experienced this same time period.
Boeing became another Symbole of the Illness that american capitalism is
DEI is the reason. Also B2 bomber is Northrop Grumman
I am incredibly unlikely to get an answer, but what is the song starting at around 12:52?
So basically they did the typical short sighted greedy corporation move and sold away their long term viability for the hope of short term profits.
With China’s own plane getting into production now is not a time to have issues with quality.
Sadly not unique to Boeing, it happens in all industries and many of those pose a risk much much greater. Pay attention at your own workplaces, see how things are, see how the clients and/or suppliers are and you will see problems everywhere and also learn that all the safety inspections and what not are often just 2 people signing some papers without even looking at the darn thing or if they did have any knowledge about it. Could be airplane, could be the oil refinery or it could be the levy that is supposed to keep your save from the water.
I personally think this is a phase for the company. I think the 777x can help boeing get back on their feet.
The most accurate assessment is firing good engineers and hiring cheap H1B visa engineers.
As a former resident of Wichita KS, F*** you Boeing.
nice vid
who would have thought greed and consolidated capital power would lead to horrific tragedy?
Well at least Boeing is good at making crewed capsules for NASA, oh nevermind they screwed that up too :(
This is an example of why stock buy backs and hyper capitalism is bad. These economical philosophy's put profit above all else, including safety and quality. Capitalism has its place in this world but in its current state we will strip the world so a small few can make a quick buck. We have fallen so far just as Boeing has.
Common Jon W
I read that its the DEI hires at Boeing.
Lockheed Martin didnt make the b2 spirit, Northrop Gruman did
I'm a Boeing retiree.  I left in 2000 after 22 years, in part because of how the merger shook out.  I did not file for retirement until 2017.  When the merger happened there were a lot of head to head personnel decisions to be made and the McD guy or gal won way too many of those.  McD had managed their company to the point it was weak enough for Boeing to buy them but yet their executives ended up in far too many leadership roles.  What did they do?  They started managing Boeing the same way they had their own weak company.  Total focus on "shareholder value", cut R & D to the bone (who needs new products?), no longer engineer led.  It was said McD bought Boeing with Boeing's money, or another way, it was the Boy Scouts met Genghis Kahn.  That's where it all started.  Calhoun and Stan Deal should have been fired by now 3 times over.  The Board is negligent.
Ohhhhh I've been waiting for this one. Let me get the popcorn 🍿
Really appreciate Wendover partnering with and crediting journalists on this video. It was a banger!
Average American company basing their business model off of McDonald's😂
You know what "Boeing" means? it's the sound the doors make when they go away midflight
If it's Boeing, I'm not going!
Jon Ostrower is the best aviation journalist in the biz. Really glad you partnered with him and his teammates.
i used to work as a cnc operator at a company that made some parts for boeing  Record profits. They told us that 3 months before they fired us at the christmass party hahaha  Then suddenly the whole workfloor gets called to the lunchroom. Yo listen up. We about to send a email, everybody who gets the email is fired...  turned out half the 3/4 of the floor was fired. I was not bad at my job. I even asked them because i was devastated.  I liked that job man, damn
Boeing used to be the best at their game but now I'd say they're worst at their game. Airbus are just taking it safe while Boeing is pulling L after L, they're basically handing the market to Airbus and Boeing has nothing to blame but themselves. I would genuinely not be surprised if Boeing bought back Spirit, and if they don't, I'm not sure Boeing is gonna be able to stay afloat in the Commercial market.
Maybe if you like Nebula so much you shouldn’t post on YouTube. Constantly advertising another platform is annoying!
Funny how being beholden to investors and generating the most capital possible doesn't work out. It all comes back to American capitalism
Lockheed was not the prime contractor on the B-2 😂
Does any of this matter? Isnt boeing's main thing that it sells to the government, and the government will keep them running no matter what?
American culture unfortunately. I remember in Europe when Airbus was opening their Mobile Alabama plant, there was thousands of people worried about the US culture bringing it down.
That horse really was the worst thing that ever did happen to boeing
Last time I was here on a video this early it was back when I was walking my pet dinosaur.
Hi folks, sound designer here. Your soundtrack is way too compressed. It sounds bad.
A reputation takes years to be built, and days to be destroyed. The MCAS bullsh*t was outrageous enough, but the botched maintenance was the the  final nail - or the final bolts - in the coffin. Boeing isn't trustworthy anymore, it's just another mismanaged public company that put C-suit compensation plans and stock value above everything else, including safety. By the way : what happens now has been called for, and is well deserved. The US government has been far too lenient with Boeing. They killed more than 300 people and they just got a 243 millions fine (the others sums they paid were compensations for clients and victims, not fines), sorry, what? It's not even a slap on the wrist, financially speaking. That was an incentive to fail harder.
No planes are 100% safe.
Karl Marx: "I warned you! I effin warned you, bro!"
This one's easy.  First the merger with McDonald Douglass, which started the downhill process but mainly the intro of the Airbus NEO variants brought us to where we are now.
21:25 uncharacteristic blunder, the b-2 (and b-21) are made by Northrop Grumman, Lockheed made the f22 and f35
In the end Boeing tries to be a classic "modern" capitalist company and fails in it because this model DOES NOT WORK in the area they are working in.
The music is distractingly loud on this one
It hurts to see how almost all business have taken this road, being tied to share price success over anything else is a recipe for disaster
3 second version: shareholder value > literally everything else
American hypercapitalism at it's finest.
It's becoming what most publicly traded companies are, short-term profits above all.
MBAs, executives, greed ruin every aspect of life - hollywood, gaming, healthcare, any industry. Those ghouls from Boeing new the Max would be deadly and let it fly anyway, hundreds died. And no executive went to prison.   Boeing can go to hell, will never fly on a Boeing plane ever
Incredible video, very informative. Insane how Boeing has fallen.
lol pun intended
That's capitalism!
"Boeing or I'm not going" has turned into "Boeing? I'm not going."
Maybe Boeing needs to take a page from the Toyota playbook and invest in their suppliers' ability to develop the culture of quality. I guarantee that the real reason behind the failures is leadership and not that the workers are lazy or unskilled.
The B-2 was built by Northrup Grumman, not Lockheed Martin.
Late stage capitalism.
They chased profit, and in doing so cut too many corners. The end
Things went from "if it ain't Boeing then I ain't going" to "if it's Boeing, i ain't going".
I remember being mildly taken aback on one of the series of Jet Lag when you all kept referring to 'Scarebus" and insisted on flying on Boeings.
Its such a shame that the company that brought us the 747 has fallen so far. I hope they can pick themselves back up!
Cost plus government contracts are the number one reason why Boeing and the others in the Military Industrial Complex are so big, fat, bloated, slow and ineficcient. The government pays them for the project - and then profits on top. So if you are slower and take more money for the project, you get more profits on top. That, and bailouts. This is pure corruption and waste. It is why Boeing fails in every single mildly honest project where they actually have to pay with their own money for every mistake them make. They need to slap their top management, fire a lot of useless people and go back to honest engineering. Because the government most definetly should not go back to wasting any of our hard earned tax dollars to fuel more laziness, waste and corruption!
Remember, never appoint a MBA guy to be the CEO of an engineering company.
Equity happened
Maybe the aviation should spin off into its own channel at this point.
Well, it probably has nothing to do with diversity quotes...
3 words.  DEI.
I've been waiting for this video!
ANSWER: “D E I “
It all went downhill for Boeing after the McDonnell Douglas merger, really. Boeing went from an engineer run company to an investor run company after the merger, which ended up with Boeing being 'profit first safety second' sadly.
Boeing is a corruption giant. They fail at every honest fixed price contract. They even refused to bid in them recently, they'll only do cost plus contracts now. Because it's the only way to get paid extra if you mess up, get delayed and go over budget. Instead of being punished for bad management. Their top managers love bonuses and cost cutting, their middle management are power hungry Karens that push DEI and they all hate their engineers that try to get things done.
Missed 99% of what really happened
they fired the engineers and put genius mba bean counters in charge
It merged with McDonald Douglas. That's how it got here
Boeing stock drops 90% ty Wendover
Common Boeing L, they used to be so good tbh
Boeing got ruined when they bought McDonnel Douglas.
Dropped the professional engineer culture for corporate, "PC" culture. Similar with other major airlines. Sadly, more people will die in the future before anyone recognizes this.
The simple reason is McDonnell-Douglas management were and are morons. Running their own company into the ground wasn't good enough, so they had to screw up Boeing as well.
Oh boy
We are poor little lambs who have lost our way… baa baa baa
32 nd
McDonnell Douglas purchase happened
I appreciate you covering the subject. This is an issue that didn't start with the MAX, but it very well could be the end. McDonnell Douglas is wholly to blame, and the Boeing CEO/Directors at the time - who let them buy them out with their own money - are the key reason why Boeing fell apart.
first
By Boeing greedy
Stop with the sinophoboc videos!! I haven't watch this video yet but you need to quit!!
Why did Nebula subscribers only get this 20 minutes early?
I have been waiting for a Wendover video on this!
wowzers
bababoeing
this video has been a long time coming, and seems like it's veering into genuine short form documentary territory.  Well done.
Last
dammit Boeing you did so well when my dad worked there
It got here because they prefer diversity over merit. Thank you 😊
Finally another Aviation video
Aww yeah.
Hello Sam from HAI
Who stil watching in 2027? 👽
First
I'm first!
Seggs
Not first
Today's Fact: In 1969, a man named Don Decker was temporarily possessed by a supernatural entity in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania; the incident became known as the 'Rain Man' case.
Did the navigation fail?
Hi
