You guys are very braved. ❤❤❤❤😂
Clarkson's tax dodge
De groeten uit het Netherlands of Winsum Groningen het mooiste dorp van Netherlands
Tonight...  I try my hand at farming  James goes to Japan  And Richard gets stranded on a island
Brilliant!!!!!   Can't wait for season 3.
I’d watch (and many times over at that!) the spin-off: Perm and Mullet.  I wish it comes true…
loved both seasons, can't tell you how many times i laughed out loud🤣👍, excited for a 3rd season
Just wanted to my fav episodes. Wtf is this.....but still I love it. Bastards
Clarkson -- leave YouTube, please. Stay within British television, no internet.
A national and worldwide treasure!
Jeremy needs to sell his farm and buy one in the USA where you have the freedom to actually farm
This is the funniest thing I'vw watched in years!!!
Please add in your farm honey bees
wow something not woke, well done
he s the best thing to the british television. he and the boys are the only reason for paying prime
👍🏻
What's the name of the song
He’s more of a cowboy than that chad singing that stupid song will ever be.
1:08 stay in your vehicle please 😂😂😂😂😂
I really want to hear May narrate this.
Love this show.
This show was far more entertaining than I imagined it would be.
Clarksons farm, Reacher and Ted Lasso have become my top binge shows.
Someone knows song tite?
Come on thumps ups for Gerald!
I also wanna leech Clarkson's career.
It is a magic! Get into you without even realizing it!  That is what a Pro level means!
I thought this show would be disappointing for some reason. But it’s one of the best shows I have ever seen. Well done.
A farmer is getting mad about global warming.....nice ( unless he is being sarcastic)
Que série maravilhosa! Sou fã de Clarkson
i hope he made a lot of money from the show because i have watched the show and he made none from farming
After watching TopGear and Grand Tour my whole life I thought I like it because I like cars... But it turned that I just like Clarkson doing funny things. Whatever that would be... farming for example
Is James May a narrator?
Congratulations on your success both TV crew and Farm workers!
Love the show. So funny and so real!
One of the best shows i've seen in a while ! It's funny, beautiful, witty, inspiring, charismatic and brillitant. Seriously, well done! Looking forward to season 2!
Love it, PLEASE let there be a season 2🙏🏻
Of all the amazing things in it (which is a LOT)...this series helped me, moments when nobody else and I'm officially in love with Ellen.  Screw you Clarkson, you are part of our and my life for since I no my mind (It is a Hungarian saying, much better that way) and there is like 4-5 people on earth whom I can say in reality: you saved my life. Yes, cheesy/corny, don't care bc in next year I'm in my 40's. You say young, I say old(ish), how ever: Thank you.  Did I yas Ellen is...yeah.
I need part 2☹️
The quote “This aging man” kind of hit hard…
I believe this was Clarkson's best work. Would love to see more of it than the same old TG/GT.
Toujours un plaisir de retrouver Jeremy, toujours en train de faire des conneries! Good good good!
"Amazon said that they want as much diversity as we can get, and I think we are doing pretty good here because if you look... There's every kind of white 60-year old man on this auction."  Some of the gold that you will find in this amazing show. Don't skip it!!!
The best show since Top Gear!
Excelente ! Saludos de chile 🇨🇱
This show is absolutely brilliant and I only 'resorted' to it because I had watched every Grand Tour episode but wanted more. Highly recommended and I have no interest in farming as such but Clarkson makes this brilliant
Just watched it... Even better than ground tour. Well done. And he didn't seem being miserable at all.
best series ive ever seen in my life
I just got through watching the first show and I didn't see any woke crap in it. So used to seeing woke crap in absolutely everything that I was shocked that I didn't see any.
Gerald Cooper.
Best show I've seen since the "pandemic" 9/10
Amazing
oh man, this is the best thing I've seen since only fools and horses.. Brilliant!
A Lamborghini  tractor! Now if that isn’t an oxymoron…. Redline 2,000.
Looks boring :(
Can anyone make sense of Gerald? I wasn't sure if it was intentional editing to make him sound more incoherent 😅
Absolutely brilliant and pure, as well as bloody educational! He's a legend:)
1:53 subtitles ?
i shit my pants at the end when he finds out how much he earned a day
SPOILER! In Chapter 1 it starts with an intro. In the intro Jeremy says: Wayne Rooney has died! How many people hit pause and checked internet to see how they missed that, and then finding out Wayne is a sheep....😂😂
I'm a farmer , to explain our situation it's easy now. We just say watch Clerksons farm
Ending 😂😂,  Clarkson: "oh yeah 👀👀"
Best show ever.   Made me become a farmer lol   Would be great if pinky and purky would also come
My students in agriculture are going to have a movie marathon.
Best ever show I watched in my life.
Waiting for season 2 so that i can see Gerald........ and Jeremy screw up everything
Most British man since Mr bean
Watching this show and actually hoping Jeremy would succeed and do good was a strange feeling. Also the stress of him messing everything up was too much at some point.
Watched it. Brilliant, informative and entertaining show. And Jezza have most reliable Lamborghini to date.
Love, love, love the show. Love what your doing, it’s beautiful at your farm. Love all the animals as well. You & Kaleb are great together & so funny 😆 The guy who you can’t understand ever 😂 also great 👍
I don't know if Amazono is aware ofthis but this is your highest rated show ever! Where is season 2?????
The bbcs loss is amazon's gain. This is just pure TV gold 🥇
Watching Clarkson humbled by a 21 year old experienced farmer was great.  He really should call James May, strategic calm.
I can't believe that British guys use Jon pardi! He's an American country star! Thats weird! But, they chose the right song
Amazons makes BBC look like cbeebies
Love the show, I have new appreciation for farmers now
just watched season 4 episode 1(the massive hunt) just want to know where i can get a PBR from.
i like it more than the GT.
1:44 yup we all would love that
Honestly this show as made me appreciate just how hard farmers actually have it. Looks so difficult just to survive.
Definitely one of the best TV shows. I never thought I will enjoy watching a farming show at all until there was Jeremy and Kaleb!!
Damn. I just binged on all episodes of Clarkson's farm. It's not the mutton, it's the man.
I never on my life thought i will watch a farm show now im waiting for season2
Amazing show.
Title fail. This is Clarkson's Farm, not The Grand Tour. Those are two entirely different things. A two year old checks that.
Guys from Amazon and Jeremy:  This was genuinely one of the best "shows" i have ever seen.   It was entertaining, educational end beautiful to look at.  But there is something more to it, it has to do with the journy of Jeremy and i feel most men relate. Most of us live our lives in our jobs in busy urban centers but i think we all long to go back to our roots, re-connect with nature and do something meaningfull and productive, producing things that matter.  I think that was the underline that makes this show special and connect with so many of us so please, make another season 🙂
Clarkson's a genius
I’m a farmer. And this is the best thing I’ve ever watched. Glad he’s showing the struggle.
Infuriating to anyone actually involved in farming.  Success in farming is a result of luck and many, many careful and wise decisions.  Clarkson will soon tire of spending money to correct his mistakes.
Amazon knows what they're doing.
Corns commin gud!
This is a seriously good series Amazon!
Loved the series, Can't wait for season 2. Worth every penny for prime.
It looks funny......Ha!
Season 2,3,4,5 with Kaleb, Hammond, and James May!
Easily the best new show of 2021, period
Incredible show, so many great characters, Kaleb, cheerful Charlie, Lisa, the head of security and more...
This series is HILARIOUS! and also insightful, very well done!
Introverts in public: *shy* Introverts around their other introverted friends: 1:36
The Simple Life with Jeremy Clarkson
Pretty sure 429 people either vegan, left wing, weak or are BBC employees.
Absolutely brilliant can't wait for the next season well done Clarkson I've watched all programs with Jeremy Clarkson and he always makes me laugh he is one of the best British TV stars as far as I'm concerned .
What the hell did Gerald say?
Fantastic tv!
Everyone involved in this are so lovely
This still needs a season 2
You need to top line with electric  to stop them from going over.
Hi Dominus, the Ephemeral Principle generates another attribute after Bat-Man's son Robin failed. The failure was purchased from the Greek Pharaoh O.K., the money went into consolidated revenue. The purchaser, Gloria, sacrificed the failure on the Fires of Gehenna on the outskirts of Old Jerusalem and Rhiannon was not appeased. MORE! bawled the vulcanised rubber "Thing" that is indestructible. So the Ephemeral Principle generates the next failure of attribute. This is the Block-Chain mentioned as a parable by Jesus as the jar of oil that never empties presented to the widow who gave everything she had to Dominus. Mafia Boy demands the key to New Jerusalem and proceeds to have a 21 year old idiot spank Dominus again. "I've been a naughty boy" Spank! Gloria hands over a few pieces of silver to OK Pharaoh and the next generation is sacrificed on the fire at Gehenna, only this time, having listened to the demands of Mafia Boy, the frequency dome is lowered over Vancouver Island.   Put another log on the fire Mafia Boy?  >>>Kingdom down to the present day  Edmond Ironside ~ this is your life!
Just watched it. It's so fucking good. You get to laugh and learn a ton of stuff. I didn't expect much, more like, "oh, he can't go on the Grand Tour due to covid so made something up to do" but this was genuinly fucking amazing. I was glued to the screen. I seriously recommend it even if you have no interest in farming.
Best show on TV in years. Whoever edited the trailer with music, editing, SUPERB!
When I saw the greatest motor journalist of all time was making a show about farming I was absolutely gutted. Then I watched it and realized I could watch Jeremy narrate anything and it turn out great. It's really entertaining.
“IVE GROWN A THING !”
Fun fact, this show got renewed for a second season!
So much better than the trailer. It's that good. Funny and quite beautiful, you can tell that Jeremy was finding so much purpose and meaning. I think this changed him for the rest of his life.
this show is amazing!
I dont think the trailer does this justice its absolutely hilarious
Best thing I've see on TV in a long while. Informative, funny and sad all in 6 hours. Brilliant. Love this.
Tonight I manage a farm James buys a pub and Hammond renovates classic cars
What is name of song in this trailer?
1:33 anybody know the song?
We need season 2 of this.
well after seeing all 8 think amazon came out with a winner
Great Show Binged it all last night and it was funny and poignant and it shows how hard farming really is amazing there are people that still do it, so much headaches just to sell your stuff.  Crazy.
oh dear Jeremy Clarkson once again showing what a bell end he is, stick to talking shit about cars.
0:53 this is where Clarkson needed his HOVERVAN (Clarksons voice)
Just finished the series it was absolutely brilliant to watch 👍👍👍👍 filmed perfectly one of the best shows I’ve ever watched👍👍👍👍👍👍
Brilliant!!
putting the release date of june 11 in the bio would be a good idea
Pure entertainment,  we need quality programing like "The Farm"  please have a season two.
Fucking love JC absolute legend who doesn’t bend to public outrage and stays true to himself.
Started binging this show last week. Caleb is a true jewel.
We went to Diddly Squat Farm last summer. Lovely sunny day and bought some bee juice & sour dough bread, had no need for the cow juice as we had some at home. His partner Lisa was in the shop and we were the only ones there. It is in the middle of nowhere. Love the Cotswolds, lucky to live quite near by :))
In January 2021, Clarkson revealed he had tested positive for COVID-19 during December 2020 after displaying symptoms.
Farmkhana 2
This is what they replaced the grand tour with? Jesus
Absolutely brilliant...what a lucky git he is❤️
This is a show that just makes you happy. It’s so wholesome, and I never would’ve expected this from Jeremy, it’s just wonderful
funny how an over weight, 60 year old man who smoked his whole life got covid and was absolutely fine.
loved every minute of it! i could have watched 100 episodes!
Kaleb makes this show a lot more fun. Get the man his perm
Do you think the isle of white will make the green list today ?
Such an epic programme
Well that was a great show. It's reality TV worth watching and I had no idea what it means to run / to be a farmer. And Jeremy does a great job showing how hard it is run a farm successfully without being shallow or patronizing.
HA funny! too bad you hooked up with amazon.. Ill pass!!!
I absolutely loved this show, it's brilliant and I love on the last episode after everything he has been through, he acknowledges that he is lucky that he has the financial support of Amazon and Who Wants To Be A Millionaire to fall back on whereas normal farmers don't have any kind of luxury and says the next time you hear a farmer complaining about the weather, it's because he could be on the verge of losing his business - be kind to him and buy him a pint. Kudo Jeremy - that made the entire show for me. Massive respect.
This is just stupid. Clearly he's just trying way too hard to be funny. I grew up watching Top Gear. Had a love hate with Grand Tour because it was too scripted and not as funny as TG. But this show just clearly shows he's doing it even more just for a paycheck.
Jeremy may be the only farmer in the world that doesn't need to turn a profit.
Fabulous - Gerald reminds me of the farmer in Hot Fuzz Q: " Mr Webley, I trust that you have a licence for that firearm?" A: " I do fur this 'un !".  It's a cross between Top Gear, Our Yorkshire Farm, Meet the Fulfords and Desmond McCarthy's Normal for Norfolk !
I just finished the entire series. So informative, hilarious and does help the depression at home. Almost feels like old Top Gear in a farm. Please please more! One of the best I have seen this and last year
Questions to the minister for Farming and Agriculture, or whatever they're called these days, would be worth watching if Jeremy Clarkson was at the dispatch box, can you imagine the Labour Party having to deal with him, I would pay to watch it.
that would teach the left snowflake to try and cancel him isn't it about time the far left snowflake go away you can't get rid of Jeremy Clarkson
I watched the entire series this weekend it was awesome!  Such beautiful scenery and I laughed until my stomach hurt.
just great. Hopefully there will be a second season
This looks absolutely brilliant 🤣👌🏼
Yeah there is No a lot of Hope...so funny
One of the best show I've watched all year. So much better than TGT strangely enough.
🐖
Watched this over the weekend. Laugh out loud stuff and Kaleb is a genuine find. Another season please.
If you love Jezza You will absolutely love the show
I love this show! I love jezza, he is so funny! Well done!!
This show was amazing!
Loved every minute...
I love this series :)
I loved every minute. I hope they gonna continue. Cheers!
May's Kitchen
I really love this show. It's funny, informative and heartwarming. It's so amusing to see Kaleb's swearing steadily increase through the show as he gets more and more frustrated with Clarkson plus he is such a good, down-to-earth bloke. I also like seeing Clarkson genuinely enjoy this new life he's built. He's always been such so grumpy when it comes to the environment but he seems to have gained a new-found respect for nature. He's also still ridiculously funny which is good.
I've watched it. And ... it's MARVELOUS!!! It's important, valuable and funny thing! Thank You, mister Clarkson and Amazon! God bless you!
Whoever found Kaleb is an absolute genius! That 21 year old county boy has the measure of Jeremy in every scene. The chemistry between them reminds me of the best episodes of the old Top Gear. Brilliant show!!
Where's the pub!!
I'm watching the series right now and have only seen the first episode and can only say.... check it out! :-D
After watching the whole season of Clarkson's Farm, i had to come here to say that it is so worth it. It was amazing, Kaleb was the star of the whole show, and Jeremy just finds some way to fill your heart.   Great, great stuff.
Just finished the show and that was bloody brilliant..really entertaining and actually learnt a lot..hope there's a season 2 next year..had no idea how much work there was in farming no clue what so ever
One of the bests shows out there
He's the luckiest guy in the planet. The guy had his cake and ate it too. Then asked for a drink after.
Great show, nice to see real England on screen for once. 🇬🇪
Whoever thought up the goodfellas parody in episode 8 deserves a medal 🤣
Gr8 series with strong messages especially at the end about the life of a farmer. This might be genre which needs people like him since car space is too crowded in which the trio has made their mark
Looks like you enjoyed Top Gear compared to this Never ending problematic farm life
now thats a face only a mother could love.
This was great fun to watch. I laughed hard many times and it was beautifully shot.
imagine if jezza got 60 days for assaulting a bbc producer, this could have been called "Clarkson's Prison Cell"  and probably got him worldwide recognition on every black and white tv screen on the planet.
Quote by Jeremy. If I get it wrong and loose money I’ll just do another series of Who want to be a millionaire. He’s being realistic. All these other realty tv farming shows think it’s all sunshine n roses.
Klarlson is an economical and clever man, what a great serie I've ever watched.
jeremy look so happy doing all the hardwork..feels like this his true self..still complaining but he like what hes doing
Yer Da and his bootcut jean and sheux clad pals are gonna love this
More please
after, Richard & Tory's Island adventure... i was like ehhhmmm no thx, i just finished episode 3 of this show.... its briliant!
Oh I miss watching Top Gear with my homies on Xbox 360 when Netflix allowed party viewing with friends. I’ll have to watch this
The show is worth watching just for the 5 minute homage to Goodfellas at the start of the final episode. Exquisite.
You need a Much Larger Cultivator.  That Tractor you could probably have a like a 50 or 60 ft cultivator.  Also Get a GPS Auto Steer
Please Please Please do not stop recording this show it is AMAZING Love love love it
THE FARM JUST BRILLANT HAD ME LAUGHING NONE STOP !!!
Heeft die geld nodig ofzo
It made me smile, made me sad and laugh. Really enjoyed this show. It was so good! Only sad, that the cycle repeats and there won't be another season. It would be nice if May and Hammond joined to help Clarcson in a peak of field works and harvest like in the intro of the grand tour.
I want another series, please.
Jeremy i es a farmer 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Love this show.  Educational ....funny...real life!!!
Season 1 was amazing praying for season 2.
Binge watched this in 2 days! what a great show more please!!!
Jezer --- "How hard can it be? "
Amazing show i have stream it for 8 days in the local agricultural union. third day third episode was over 100 farmers !!!  Yeah amazon did a great job at this❤
Nice
Just watched it, long time Top Gear & Grand Tour fan, this show was amazing & as a HUGE surprise to me, it was far more interesting & entertaining than any season from the car shows; period Kinda wanna be a farmer now
I have now binge watched the entire series. Once again a brilliant man gives us brilliant entertainment, not just hilarious but also poignant. I sold my small farm in 2010, we tried the farm shop and diversifying but ultimately it was too tough so thank you for highlighting what a difficult job it is. Another series or at least regular updates would be great!
Doe's anyone else think that sheep in the picture looks like Dennis Rodman.
Quite honestly the best thing I've watched in ages.  I never knew just how much work running a  farm was, and the cost! Brilliant, funny, feel good show👏
Just finished watching it, its actually a really good show and ends up being a human story as you watch clarkson ( what seems like ) really growing to love the farm life , this show has some sad bits too , Really well put together show 👍
I just watch every episode and it's amazing.Jeremy is the best ambassador of the agriculture and the show present the hard work and the dedication of the farmers. God bless them for the food they provide .
Kaleb is an ABSOLUTE legend 😎😎😎 he keeps Jezza in line 🤣
Watched every episode in a day. 10/10, well done jeremy
Just watched whole series, fantastic. Series 2 please, Caleb, what a legend.
Wait.. I thiught gran tour retired /shut down?
dont know why the didnt go with the title Clarkson bought the farm
This show was awesome
I began viewing Clarkson's Farm with the assumption that I would switch it off after a minute or two. And... I've just viewed the last second of the last episode. This turned out to be not just the best (video) thing I have seen this year - it is the best thing I have seen in years. Clarkson, stay on the farm!
Great Show but one thing I learned is British government has far too many rules , regulations and officials dictating people's lives and their own property
Absolutely brilliant show. Shows a different side of Jeremy that some people would believe was never there. Kaleb and Gerrard are the new Karl Pilkintons of television (can see at least 1 of them appearing in different farming/gardening programmes). Need more shows like this, Unfortunately I'm not sure if they can do a 2nd series without going down the same route as "Top Gear/The Grand Tour", I.E same ideas but different locations. But Well done Jeremy, Amazon and all involved. Refreshing and brilliant at the same time.
I’ve been a fan for many years, through Top Gear and The Grand Tour.  However, after witnessing the horrific treatment of the sheep at the end of episode 2 of “Clarkson’s Farm,” I will no longer be watching this series and urge everyone to boycott this series. I couldn’t sleep.  The images haunt and disgust me.  I’ve rarely witnessed such cruel behavior towards (formerly) living animals.
Probably the best thing to come out of amazon series ever....must be the old top gear crew, this was too tight to be amazons. This needs many series....Kaleb the assistant is by far the best ever find on tv.....he is pure gold, what a show !!! 👏👏👏
Clarkson is a genius.  He has found happiness as a gentleman farmer.  He has a beautiful and loving girlfriend.  He employs locals to help with his farm schemes at a terrible financial loss.  He has managed to get Amazon to pay for improvements to his property, farm equipment, as well as generating an internationally acclaimed series.  He is feeding the British nation with inexpensive, local foodstuffs.  He is likely able to file for agricultural tax losses in his farming ventures.  This man is my hero.  I want to be just like him when I grow up.
This show gonna be the best show ever
We demand Richard and James in there.
0:29 ''MY PLUMS'' LMAO
It was so good!!! Watch it, you really won’t be disappointed. Just kidding, you’ll be disappointed when it ends.
long time awaiting thank you very much
"This is global warming..." - LOL! Those brainwashed lefties and grass eaters, full UK of them!?
Finished the series and it was excellent. The nod to Goodfellas was great. Haha
Gerald is the best part about this show
A great watch.
Why haven't I seen this sooner?
One of the most entertaining series. Loved every bit. A must watch for all Jeremy fan or otherwise.
Watched all eight episodes. F'kn brilliant.
I've binge watched this series and it's awesome.  Caleb is an absolute legend.
The show was nothing but brilliant. Never thought would watch series on farming
Looks tough..... Clarkson?!.....Amazon money  to farm vs the government benefit not to farm for years earlier.,.. What did you find most lucrative?
I want to like this show, but I know that the propaganda will drive me nuts.
I love this programme.  Much respect to our farmers in the UK. I hope to be a farmer someday.
Fs22 trailer is nice.
Fuck BBC.  Kudos to Amazon for Clarkson's Farm.  Wonderful show.
This series is awesome!
This was one of the best shows of the year so far and I hope they decide to do it again. Who knew Clarkson had a heart?
What a great show, please make another season! So wholesome and heartwarming!
Can't comment on prime but can here.  What a absolutely awsome series.  Get prime free for a month and watch it. Definitely recommend.  The ending was absolutely fantastic.
binged watched all 8 episodes this weekend, brilliant! wasn't a fan of previous grand tour stuff they've done, but this was really really good
The series is amazing. 👏👏👏
I watched it all and must say this is by far the best show Jeremy (and perhaps Amazon) has ever done! It's fantastic, just have to wait for season two :)
Just finished this show in one sitting and I would die for everyone.
That's really weird 🤣
Brilliant TV.. Hope they will do another season..
Or, “How Jeremy learned to be a good ‘ol boy!” He’s just missing the F-150.
I love this guy ❤️
Just watched all episodes. Brilliant bit of TV, hope there's another series
Didn't jeremy once say hes allergic to manual labour?
Just gone through the whole series in one turn. Absolutly bloody brilliant. Best Show I've watched for a very long time, never thought I would see this side from Clarkson. Loved every minute, hope there will be a Series two next year.
If it were as bad or worse 100 years ago how can it be "global warming" at a time with less poeople and hardly any cars or planes and the weather was still as bad or worse ''global warming and climate change'' please someone make it make sense to me.
I have been a fan of the three amigos for years on top gear and the grand tour plus always watched James May man's lab and his trip to Japan but have to say this is the best show ever seen 🤩 to be honest in my opinion I love nature and Clarkson's personality it is a great mixture and it is very interesting learning about farming what more do you want plus the characters are amazing and good banter I would give it 10 out of 10 know worries and have recommended it to all I know I hope they do a never season in the future happy days take care Lee 👍
Watching this show now in New Mexico, USA and we LOVE it!!!! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Absolutely Brilliant! Jeremy's learning curve is at 100 mph!! And he is the most read sportsman I've ever seen.  Well done!  The Lamborghini tractor is "the most"  Love!!!🏎🏎💖🚜
Gerald is a absolute G
Rubbish, absolute rubbish. Clarkson, you fu _ _ _d it up when  you punched that guy in the face. You scrapped my favourite show. No amount of sheep or tractors can fix this.
Farming Simulator:Clarkson Edition coming June 11th  Me:Ok
Just finished. Was fantastic. When is Season 2 released?
Just watched the first episodes and I can not wait for the next one,,, Brilliant TV!!!
It is so nice to see Jeremy Clarkson  “Manual labor”
Brilliant, watched 5 episodes, luv it
😍😍😍😍This is brilliant I know it yassss 👌
It got a one star review. So I’m guessing it’s  brilliant
I didn't know I needed this, but now I know that this is vital to my happiness.
That kid, whoever he is, is truly annoying.
what could possible go wrong with idea😃😀
Not releasing in India?
❤️❤️❤️
"Dirt on My Boots" by Jon Pardi - song, in case anyone's interested
Hi,what is name this move?
tomorrow !
0.27
Reminiscent of Clarkson Island, really
Jeremy Clarkson  "I can't do manual labour "   Also Jeremy  " I've bought 1000 acre farm "   Your mad Jezza 😂😂
Will this be available in Amazon prime India??
как бы это не называлось, с Кларксоном это все равно старый добрый топ гир! жду
The boiling cut cephalometrically terrify because lycra arthroscopically attempt regarding a aberrant furniture. coherent, wiry willow
YouTube probably deleting views because they like the BBC
I can’t wait lol
Jeremy's a mad lad at every other show he's featured in besides classic Top Gear and the Grand Tour.
This will be interesting 😃
Русские ви где?
i would swim from australia with an augur on my back to work there
"I think I just shoved my hand up its anus
Veeeery excited.
THE PEOPLE WHO WATCH THIS ARE THE FOOLS.... NOT HIM !!!!
Plougheeeeeeeeeeer!!
Waited a long time for this release ,so close now
Why am I not at all surprised that Jeremy actually bought a Lamborghini tractor lol
HOW HARD CAN IT BE ?
Have you got a Salmonella Test? Clarkson : OH NO  Anyway.....
When are we getting more grand tour episodes though?!?!
Speeeedddd and poweeeerrrrr
I think it’s gonna be good. But I don’t want it in Grand Tour. I wait too long to see the fastest cars in the world. And I don’t get them😕
Yup, Global Warming is horse shit.😂
Pause... Mr Clarkson, you were in the Mr Blobby video 1993, driver of pink Cadillac. Please explain?
I'd kill for James May the Shepherd
It can't be a coincidence that the narrator sounds exactly like James May.
Do we get one episode per year just like the Grand Tour?
any way 😂 this man is a legend
This will be the best farm program... in the world.
Love This Old Dude
Nice farm $+_+$
I love how Amazon satisfied needs that I did not know I had
This looks just awful.
Жду кроссовер: Мэй и Хаммонд выживают на ферме у Кларксона)
I never thought I'd want to watch a show about farming and then Clarkson pulls this shit out
put subtitles on at 1 minute in and it says where's the rape gone
I thought he was allergic to manual labour?
Pushing 60... same
I've got a Diddly Squat Farm hat. Just thought I'd let you all know.
How is it that everything Amazon makes with these guys is pure gold
This is ok but come on, I want the Grand Tour…
This is the best Trailer.... In the world Can't wait for Clarkons's Farm
1:41 - 1:47 Big Oof.
I think of Clarkson running a farm and Im instantly reminded of Earth Song by Michael Jackson    Aaaahhhhhaaaaaaaahhhhhhaaaaahhhhhahhhhhh! Ooooohhhhhoooooohhhhhhooooohhhhhooohhhh!
I hope the season 1 finale is Jeremy looking tired and then a voice shouts from the back... "Clarkkksoonnn!"
lovely little shoot of burford in the clip
I just cant wait for clarkson to get tired and offend entire world farming community
1 question - WHEN?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAVE TO WAIT 10 DAYS?????
By the way this is presented, some people may think this is a new episode of the Grand Tour, just saying.
Очень интересно посмотреть)
It was necessary to insert such an insert at the end.  The idea for the new show was taken and adapted (or rather "stoned") from the Petersburg engineer of the auto-designer Dmitry Viktorovich Parfenov
This should be fun. If he is a smart or lazy farmer he should consider buying an apple, pear, banana trees and others and just collect them. When they fall during the seasons.
Будет круто!
I love how james got the voice over
This song is amazing!
Clarkson the murderer will now  suffer like the animals on his vile farm.
Does anyone know what the bloke at the end is actually saying?
Legend. Can't wait it looks so funny
Mr also like farms and cars
I can't wait for this.
Anyone know the song?
1:53 I imagine that's how English sounds to people who don't speak it LMAO
I cant wait, awesome
Should have called it The Farm Tour
Cannot wait for this!! I always look forward to and enjoy reading his farming articles in the times magazine!
“So how’s this coming along?” “Ohgjjdbdh jkjimshh, see what I mean?” “Oh yeah yeah...” 🤣
This man is pretty much the same age as Tom cruise...
This looks amazing!
Go away Clarkson.
We can still see the Stig in Google Maps Street View at Loch Ness lake.
Global warming? That's a myth. Carbondioxide get's to cold and heavy before it gets enough altitude.
The man who fix everything with hammer lol
For £7.99 a month I get this and whole lot more! £160 a year for repeats and biased tripe.  I know which one I prefer,        CLARKSON!
Jeremy, congratilwtions on your new girlfriend. Something to keep you warmbduring winter. Are you moving to new zealand?
I love Jezza but I dont think I care much for farming to be honest  lmao
I love it when the boys go off on their own and pursue random passions like this. Always cracks me up.
I just hope this isn’t as bad as Hammond and Tory Belleci’s The Great Escapists. That was hard to watch.
The healthy armadillo feasibly disagree because screw jointly juggle unlike a vulgar brush. dramatic, reflective may
Why is it, that everything always launches on june 11th?  I can't be the only one who has noticed!
I need Jeremy clarkson in my life like everyday
this is gonna be good
If there's someone who can make farming show fun it's only Jeremy.
Jokes aside. Jeremy looks here way healthier than during last season of GT. Awesome!
Ok, so, subtitles will be mandatory.
Can't wait for him to pick up goats with a crane and go,"sometime's my genius, it's almost frightening"
No car no problem. Still interesting to watch
This looks funny ass shit
lmfao
I thought Clarkson would try something a little different with this. This “playing dumb” prehistoric man thing is getting a bit old. He’s smarter than the character he plays on TV.
SIDEWAYS IN LINEN
About time.
Where’s there cars?!
WHEN?
At least in the Thumbnail , James mays looking Good
The only reason I am keeping my prime account
See?  Murricans own something and then ruins it.  Bring back what the trio was the best at: Being idiot with cars
Clarkson clarkson Hammond two women and hello to James
Hello england and the two women from the German main coast. You landed on the east side of your land
Season 2 needs richard & may
Hilarious as always 😃
This looks better than top gear!!! Can’t wait
That actually looks pretty good
Gerold you old hill bill
I have no doubt that this will Be so much better than that great Escapist rubbish Hammond did. Looking forward to this!
"He says , "A wall is a wall, what is Hammond moaning about"
Hope Clarkson lives his dream of herding self-driving cars into the garage for their built-in iPads
but WHY did they remove the grand tuor and split the magical trio?
lmao you could not run a farm,i would not give you even 1 day,in farm life the day starts before you go to bed and does not end before they wake up,i would not waste my time fannying about with you my animals need their time,you would just waste my time,this is no joke ,even if you think you are,if you wanted on my farm and was paid 10million i would have my border collies run you ,that would be funny,from my door to 1st gate it takes my dog 1.5 seconds to get to it how fast can you.
tbh i kinda want him to go back to the grand tour but we need A OLIVER SHOW
Well after watching the trailer I don’t think I’ll bother.
I would happily watch Clarkson farming 24/7 than watching another Netflix original bollocks!
will be the best show ever
cant wait !
lo amo quel uomo
Ohh....nice but also would like to hear from them about the GRAND TOUR new season.
global warming is propaganda for the wealthy to get wealthier.
Is just a farm  , how hard could it be? lol
Can't wait for this.... Nice one Amazon.
😂😂😂😂
Excellent..!!
Global warming is a real threat to the world and this guy belittling it isn't helping. Now i have to boycott this show. Too bad.
Yeeeeeeesss
looks amazing
I never thought I would hear Jon Pardi with jeremy
What would like a Harvester with sports stripes, and alloy wheels and spoiler with Hammond behind the wheel, Jeremy in tractor with bigger tires and jet engine, and May would probbably drive a chariot..
Wait a minute....he does not use a hammer?
Who was that massively ill-informed farmer talking about global warming? xD
1:27 Clarkson's eggs ! Brilliant!!!
Dunno how i come across this, but looking forward to it.
Could you guys do an American version of this, then Australia?  Clarkson's lady is HOT~  ^^
We will see how hard could it be.
Great. Now I've got this song stuck in my bloody head 🤣
Captain Slow shout Clarkson!!
This is stupid go back to London and do car stuff again
This is by far the best trailer I’ve seen today
As if people like him lol
This looks like it will either be tremendously shit or absolutely brilliant.
Clarkson farm. Sounds like one of those story books u read as a kid.
I’ve never been more excited for a farming show in my life
My mum friend husband is the one by the tracker his girl friend is Tayer
Tonight I go on a farm Richard is in a beach and James Is in japan
is this a grand tour special or is it a clarkson only series, the title says grand tour so im confused.
I am assuming this Lambo doesn't come with scissor doors
JEZZA is BACK ❤️🔥🔥😁
Sometimes my genius is ....
ik the artist personally who sings this song
Finally some new binge watching content !
Ah yes, the show where Dodge Ram stops being a pickup and starts being good advice.
When can i stream GT on prime
Will deffo be watching this
Can't wait for watching his genius while doing manual labour.
Speed and power while chasing sheep
I could see the resemblance in the preview picture. It was quite remarkable.
Nope
Speed and power is the only answer.
Yeah... Do that!
Paul Whitehouse narrating? From Clarkson's Island to Clarkson's Farm, still " Just too many Clarksons."
This man is a Human treasure
Infinity loveeeeeeeee ,  my child hood heroesssssss
We need new Episodes 😭
Cant wait for this
Man, our favorite show host "went to the farm upstate". It's been a blast, Clarkson.
Love it!
I think his farm is quite successful and popular actually. I think he also donates quite a bit of food to charity as well. Jeremy is one of those people who put more effort into being stupid than he actually is. However a program where Jeremy runs a farm competently wouldn't be quite as good...although he probably has people to manage various aspects of the farm for him!
The song is so disturbing , bad choice😐
Cant wait
Jeremy into tractors. That is the end of Top Gear/Grand Tour.
Unexpected bday gift but a welcome one
Of course he would use a Lamborghini tractor
Oh god that trailer is so cliché but still somehow manages to be a little bit funny.
This looks brilliant!
Since nobody mentioned it yet, One minute of Clarkson’s Farm is still better than the new top gear
This should be good for a few laughs. Just hope he does not injure anyone while he has a go at farming. Expecting lots of comment from Capt Slow and Hamster
Must be a rented farm. Too crazy to be funny for my liking.
Amazon is taking advantage of every niche they can now and Im 100% going to watch this
Maybe a hammer will actually fix something.
I was hoping this would come about .
How many times is he going to make a ‘sometimes you can hear my genius’ quote. Cause i hope its every episode
I think I might be -finally- able to get my environmentalist father to watch a Clarkson program.
You know Jeremy is a good presenter when you are hyped to watch a freakin show on man a working in a farm
I just realized sheep have eyes from extraterrestrials.
The best farmer.... In the world.
Top quality. The funniest thing I have ever watched
Anything this man does is hilarious
nice
Don't play country songs. Country singers are probably the last people you want on a farm.
I think Clarksons help has been coached by Hammond and May, I see the same sort of doubt in them.
🐑 Ohh😂
That is the only excuse to get back to amazon prime
Cant wait
This needed the resident village boy Hammond as well..
How much will this cost on top of the amazon prime fee.
This is probably the greatest farm ("Long Paws" {Farm}) in the world.
cant wait to see him fixing things with his hammer and says power !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! in his lambo tractor !
I can actually watch anything with Jeremy Clarkson in it so can't wait for this!!
They used country music for a British show...
Finally something good! Can't wait!
Cancelling my intention of stopping amazon subscriptions, just because I want to watch this
This would be amazing with all 3 of them doing it. Well in all honesty any show with these 3 would be amazing
This is going to be brilliant
This looks brilliant!
Jezza in a Lambo tractor????? Priceless!!
GTA VI trailer 😂😂
In England they are scared of everything.
WHAT A GREAT IDEA. This is gonna be such a good show to watch!!
Great, Clarkson is now cloning sheep. They do it out and in the open here in Texas. Now he’s going to do…
So the guy at the end is the UK version of Boomhauer from King of the Hill
Why the shitty country music for a British show
I cannot freaking wait for this. Anything involving Clarkson, Hammond, or  May just can't be bad
Where is James may and Richard Hammond?
What could possibly go wrong??
Just the ad makes me pmsl lol
T O R R E N T I A L   R A I N
They literally just need small comments from James and Richard saying like "As you'd expect, this didn't go too well"  and this series will go a million miles better
Jesse Plemons is in this???
On tonight's Minor Stagnation: Richard Hammond goes to an island James May cooks some food. And I do manual labor.
Will you go to Heaven when you die? Have you lied, stolen, used God's name in vain, or lusted (which Jesus said was adultery, Mt. 5:28)? If so, God sees you as a liar, thief, blasphemer, and adulterer at heart. If you die in your sins, you will end up in a terrible place called Hell. But there's good news. Though we broke God's Law, Jesus paid the fine by dying on the cross: "God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life" (Jn. 3:16). Then Jesus rose from the dead and was seen by hundreds. He fulfilled all the prophecies of the promised Savior. Please, today, repent and trust Jesus, and God will forgive you and grant you the gift of eternal life (Eph. 2:8,9). Then, to show your gratitude, read the Bible daily and obey it, join a Christian church, and be baptized. Youtube Channel : Living Waters
Clarkson coming to America to see how it is to farm here. Nice
ohyeahye
I hope Jeremy has been listening to more Jon pardi🤘😂😂😂
aye 1 million views i was 1,000,001 lol
I don’t care what Clarkson is doing, he could be reading a book in a study, we just need to see him
habe ich bock drauf
This is like Home Improvement but at a farm yard
Too bad I’ll never see it cause anazon sucks!
Don’t care much for farming 😹, but goddamnit I’d watch anything with Sir Clarkson in it 😹😹❤️❤️
i hope they bring all of them together again  Cowboy hammond and captain slow will love the speed of farm vehicles
*I hope James and Hammond make a cameo.*
Just one James May insult in this series is all I need.
Clarkson: Cocking about in tractors
“Still, could be worse”...
Man, the fact than Amazon has a show for every of the one that are the greatest and most funny trio, is cool
That sheep got him in the plums
Can't wait for this!!!
I didn’t watch much of the James May stuff because he’s more reserved and I don’t care for booze (or wanted to see him doddle around Japan) but I’ll happily watch this just to see Jezza make an ass of himself on a farm.
Have they just given up with the GT then?
So this is this year’s special.
It's not Jeff's farmy thing on Clarkson Island where they farm Clarksons?
As soon as it’s released it’ll surely be the best tv show               In the world
Am a bit disappointed he didn't opt for a classic Porsche Tractor
Clarkson driving a tractor will now be shouting TORQUE!
God this is just what I needed, it's got elements of drama in it too, and I will never tire of watching Clarkson being bombarded with rage. Classic James May vibes. Can't wait for the farmers to call him an insufferable oaf
I don't care what those three produce, I will watch it!
When does it come out
As long as the trio is happy doing whatever they would like to do then I'm happy for them.
This looks FANTASTIC!! Cant wait 🤩
😎
of course he's driving a Lamborghini
Hold on, James has done his “oh cook” show. Clarkson is doing this. Hammond was talking about fixing Oliver again. A show all about Oliver.
Legend says"Clarkson alone has over 90% hindu hater's". You guys Know the reason
Can't wait
unbelievable horse shit
The only man on TV who looks old enough to be his own father.
all farmers drive Lamborghini and Ferrari..... XD
what the fuck has this got to do with the grand tour. misleading and misdirection.
paul whitehouse and jermery great
Why are Clarkson and the sheep making the same face in the thumbnail?
Mid Life Crisis. Man buys wellies and a farm full of sheep.
Not the sequel we needed but the one we deserved.
weirdest episode of grand tour I've ever seen.
Why a farm, clackson is a car guy, he must have a garage farm full of cars
He Farms Clarkson's.
It's going to be amazing whatching he resolve evrything with a hammer!
Waiting for tractor race
Corn's comin' good.
Блин ну классно
Amazon execs: “what do we do with the Grand Tour if they Can’t TOUR?”  “I know let’s do a show on farming!”  (Who am I kidding, I’m still going to binge the fertilizer out of this.) 🤣
Need this right now !!! Can’t wait.
Shmee at 1:36?
So basically this is his version of May's reassembler with higher budget
Dang
And in the first episode he’ll blame American farmers for his shortcomings.  Pratt . . .
the other two blokes should not have followed suit with him to Grand Tour. He is only about himself at that point, assaulting a fellow worker, and put them in a bad spot.
John Pardi and everything😂
this just has to be a late april fools prank
Really? what about cars then?
Yup... Beautifully filmed cocking about and abject failure......sign me up.
You can tell Clarkson doesn't know much about farming, he has a modern Lamborghini tractor for start. They're horrid.
This genuinely looks phenomenal and like all I hoped it would be.
the coolest men on earth
1:21 I thought Jeremy was making the sound 😂
Do you want to watch a farming documentary: No  Do you want to watch a farming documentary with Jeremy Clarkson: When will it Air 🤣🤣🤣
Jeremy I admire your balls. But this surely must be your biggest balls up to date.
his genius is almost frightening !!!!
This looks like some climate change propaganda to me.
Back to the Barn house
😮oh my god  Also Lamborghini still makes tractors
Is Jezza breeding zombie sheep!
"And with that, back to the" farm house...
Yes can’t wait !!!!
On that bombshell.
"shouting random nonsense" for us that isn't nonsense
We need a genuis joke.
Is that Paul whitehouse narrating
Imagine if James May was narrating this...
I would watch that man paint a fence can't wait.
Miss "clarkson!!!"...dr slow...
I dislike Jeremy Clarkson show like slicing the car in half like a total idiot and his stupid show oh and he has punched his partner too
Torqueeee....
corn is comin good
any idea what the guy said at the end?
The most amazing thing was when he said "im pushing 60"   I for sure thought he was well into his 60s 😅
Farming, how hard can it be?
Television isn't real life.
does one of the sheep named Shaun?
Question being what low life animal does Clarkson identify ???
Farmer: my sheep is broken. Clarkson; WHERES MY HAMMER
I liked when he said "I'm happy here" you can tell that was genuine..
Yo he started a wheat farm! I can't wait for him to beat the ender dragon.
like i said, I can watch this man talk about even a potato for hours.
Is that may as narrator in the trailer ?
I cannae fookin wait
How long before the words " Speed and Power " are mentioned when plowing a field?
Amazon really just chuck money at these lot
Still better than Top Gear, can’t wait to see it...
In the picture before the video started to play I really had to look twice to see which one is Clarkson😅
Boost your Organic Followers to make everyone known about your Brand and Product. This app only costs $3.
I can watch this man all day long
Я тоже ищу русский комментарий.
Not too sure about this.  Hammonds side project was horrible.
More powaaaaaaaaa!
May: Hello, I'm James May and I don't know how to cook... Welcome to my cooking show. Hammond: Hi, I'm Richard Hammond and I know nothing about survival... Welcome to my survival program. Clarkson:
Jon Pardi made this video.
He's definitely going to do something genius that'll definitely fail xD
I can't wait
Clarkson mending things? I'm in.
didn't know that Shaun and the Sheep was real
What world do we live in, the closest thing to a car in a car show is a sheep 😭
is it going to be available to watch on youtube
Видимо пора начинать привыкать к новому топ гир. Гранд тура мы не дождемся
0:29 IN THE PLUMS
Аааааааааааааааааааааааааа
Richard Hammond's own Amazon Show is all that is left
1:28 I really expected him to say something racist 😂
This is superior content.
Yes please 😁😁😁
This looks like absolute gold, can't wait to watch it
Really looking forward to this one.
Thought this was from Harry and Paul.
About time!!  We've only been hearing about this on Instagram for the last two decades it seems
I didn't thought I would want to see this.. But apparently I do
"I'm pushing 60," life has not been kind to this man.
The cagey actress intrinsically brake because bengal phongsaly note aboard a valuable pea. accessible, fluffy camera
Why is Clarkson on the thumbnail twice, I dont get why you would do that.
I do like the John pardi track playing in the background
Looking forward to his genius
HAMMOND you idiot!!!
I really hope this is better than Richards Flop and Better than May's Cooking.
I don't give a shit about his farm. Where the Fuck is TGT
FS2019: Clarkson's farm add-on. Lol
I just wanna see a chicken walk out with May just randomly standing there to say "oh cock"
will be looking forward to watch it. Greetings from DK
To everyone who's reading this comment: God bless your life!
The trio also did gardening and they argue, wasted 30 minutes arguing, wasted several more minutes walking around in a garden centre, built a green house, drove a small digger into a ditch, ruined the rest of the lawn with 20 tons of concrete, a big digger leaving track marks, and a 14 ton mobile crane that got stuck on the lawn, and built a shed at got knocked down several times by the crane lifting a tree seat, flying debris from a quarry that just blew up, a heavy rugby post, and a barbecue with a jet engine burner. And last but not least, the greenhouse was shattered by a fountain with an expensive powerful water pump. Edit: I wonder what farming will be like with Clarkson on his own.
JC. A farmer with a hammer.
is official he is very very old
Pushing 60?!?! I like the guy, but DAMN!!! Those were fifty-something rough years!
SLOWLINESS AND TORQUE!
I'm a happy man..
"Sometimes my genius... it generates gravity"
James May should be the narrator in this.
Bring the big 3 back Jeremy Carpson, Richard Salmond and James Cray to top gear at their peak they had 15million subscribers and watching now it only has 7million
They made a joke on Top Gear how the farm is just to write off on his taxes, now he gets to claim it as a work experience too. That’s one happy Clarkson!
This is the real farming simulator.
James May's Japan was quite amusing, Richard Hammond's trailer looked abysmal, so I didn't bother. Clarkson's Farm just looks comedy gold. Anything without him is just a bad tribute band.
What's next? Clarkson's kitchen? 🤷🏽‍♂️
This will be a classic.
Wish he'd sod off back to the city.
I've been waiting for this
So this and In The Heights premiere on the same day. June is shaping up to be amazing!
Good 2 know
"I am happy here"  - this brought tear to my eye
Shaun the Ship. The movie
My version: Been up since the crack of dawn, just trying to get laidddd. Lol fukn Jon Pardi
He's pushing 60? I thought he was 60 since the middle of Top Gear. Sheeesh, those cigarettes will age you fast.
But james and hammond?
Great to see a clever presenter working out of his comfort zone 👍🏻respect
The show is about Clarkson growing potatoes with a HAMMER and herding sheep on a tractor while shouting “POOOOOWWARRRRR”
Oh, yeah, yeah xD
Should be fun
I want him to say ; 'That's my GENIUS'
Last time english were put in charge of farming they starved half of the ireland to death. Please reconsider and aplogize.
..so this Rich posh plonker has bought a farm ! .... who the F would be interested in that ...
This will undoubtedly be the best, sort of agricultural farming show in the world.
Clarkson on a farm? May on a cooking show? What is amazon thinking?  Why can’t they just shoot GT specials? Cos thats what the audience want. 🤦‍♂️
Clarkson farming. What can possibly go wrong?
Did they ever come with new episodes on Amazon. Haven’t checked in a while since they stopped filming because of Covid
Can't wait for Amazon to span this 10 episode series over the next 8 years..
Will the Scotland grand tour get played during commercial breaks of Clarkson's farm? And this might be the closest to being an American he will get!
*Is Clarkson the one on the right in the video thumbnail?*  🤣🤣🤣
Its the biggest farm.....IN THE WORLD
It is the best farm                                     In The World
Can't wait.
We gotta face it, this man is past the "aging". He's *aged* now. Not old, we don't like to be rude, noone does really, so let's avoid old. But aged, that definetly seems to fill the bill.
this is gonna be sick
I love the name of his farm I got a shirt
How hard could it be?
Jeremy Clarkson mucking about farm equipment and Jon Pardi’s Mud on my Boots. What a fantastic combo.
Sometimes if you stay quiet, you could actually hear the sound of his genius reaping produce from a farm
Merakla bekliyoruz :)))
This is amazing...
Brilliant.
if you smoke 30 cigarets a day from the day you were born you would have smoked 1 million cigarets by the age of 91.
The best farmer .. pause .. In the world
So we’ve had May’s Kitchen, now Clarkson’s Farm. I wonder what scripted reality show is Hammond going to release on Prime.
The Best team ever seen
Ole McClarkson had a farm EIEIO And on that farm he had a Jaaag EIEIO With a vroom vroom here  And a vroom vroom there , everywhere he goes .
Hope this will be better than a massive hunt because that was terribly disappointing
Looks great
Farming, really? A man of your talents? (this is not a compliment)
Horse shit kkkkkk
When I watch this show I am going to cringe sooooooooooooooo hard.
obviously been playing far too much farming simulator
what a great show. xD
:/
I hope I’ll see him one day to tell him thank you for the laughs
Ery noice
1:51 James u blithering idiot!
Proof that top gear was great, not because of the cars but because of the hosts....
It means diddly squat to me 🤣
Tonight on Clarkson's Farm:  James tries to shepherd,  Hammond gets scared by a cock,  and I drive a Lamborghini through acres of crops
Here comes more genius moments
0:38 "Unbelievable horseshit" think thats what the reviews are probably going to say
Amazon is setting up for a legendary 3 part series in which Clarkson grows the food, James cooks the food, and Hammond crashes his car trying to eat the food
Nice i want to become a farmer
This is going to be tight
I wish I could be Clarkson 😂
It's cool to see whoever runs the channel has the comments on and replies to them!
Can’t wait for it to premiere🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
go back to london
Ahhhhh yes please
When is it coming out
I can't wait.
How hard can it be..
Boringggggggg
More scripted comedy. Pretending to be stupid in front of the camera and screaming when things go wrong. It's the same old formula just on a farm.
Season 2 will feature Jeremy shooting his gun, at Klaus Schwab, The Globalists, and The World Economic Forum trying to steal his farm.
CANNOT WAIT 😁😎
BTW anybody know the name of the soundtrack? thanks
I'm genuinely PUMPED for this. It will defo start with "I mean farming, how hard can it be"
Clarkson doing manual labor it's official the Top Gear and Grandtour has broken his mind he's not the same person who would just hit shit with a hammer to fix it.
Man I can't wait for grand tour to return after lockdown
I love this, can't wait to have Jeremy and James' The Speed of Birds TV series, hopefully soon
Hope may and hamond just popup every here and then
They should buy an abandoned racetrack.....name it Britannia 500.
Can't wait.
his charisma cannot be contained
Can this man put a smile and a laugh in my face :)
I miss him
Love to see this, but we will still get grand tour specials right?
It is literally, the first time i've seen a video with 0 dislikes, i stand to you, Clarkson
Wasn't asking for it, but I need this!
😂😂
When will this movie be available besides on Amazon
Get the Grand Tour back on!
Instead of speed and power, Jeremy will be known for yelling "sheep and mower"
yes yes... and yes!!!!
So........the TRIO is done?!?!?!?!? What the actual F is this about
First it was Hammond's Science of Stupid, then James May's travels, and now Clarkson's farm ... it was never really about the cars, just three incredibly funny men XD
Meh. Who would watch this? Not just to spend time, but to be interested in watching. Old man driving a tractor... let’s be honest, he is old now, and there no such a charisma as before. People, don’t lie to your self, don’t watch this if you are not having fun, just because he was good 10 years ago. It’s time to move on.
Re Vid Page Pic: ... The one on the right looks like Hammond.
Clarkson does stand alone well, as does May.  Hammond, not so much especially in the island series.
Ah yes some new quality content
0:44 I sense “Farmer Ramsay”
Highly doubt they will look at this but please tell me Hammond and James will come do shenanigans during the show for all the stuff he did during the grand tour it would be hilarious
Reminds me of the Top Ground Gear Force gardening special... Looking forward to it.
hehe
If, truth, controller is, the ruler is...x
cool
This is “superb”
It’s the most exciting Farm.......In the World!!!
"SIDEWAYS IN LININ!"
Nice Remember How much carbon you emmited during car show .. its try to say Sorry to Nature!👌👌👌👌
Where are Hammond & May?!!!
Global warming, the last ice age would still be here without it. And every ice age before it too.
May and Hammond?😥
The sheep in the thumbnail is the new test driver for The Grand Tour
I fear for the lives of sheep
Haha. It looks great.
"How hard can it be?"
Clarkson farm a place where he gives dog food to an aquarium
Alright this will be good. Glad I kept my subscription now.
Pk il y a pas de trailer VF ?!?!?  Tout les épisodes seront en VF ?!???
This is going to be kind of like that person that's about the step in front of a speeding bus you don't want to look but you will.
“‘Generic cow name’, you idiot!”
🤣🤣🤣 I can’t wait for this
Amazon gave him 10Million for this?
The faint fair skill rahilly bounce because atom obviously irritate besides a waggish bar. sharp, frantic sauce
Really looking forward to this!
I can’t wait for it! I never thought I could be interested in something like this but when it’s with Clarkson it has to be brilliant!
I love this so much WEEEEEEEE REEEEEEERE
0:09 Aston Martin captured in Baku, Azerbaijan 🇦🇿
This combined with the grand tour might just get me to subscribe to my first streaming service ever. I want to watch it so bad, that it’s unreasonable not to.
Old MacClarkson has a farm!!
How on earth does he love this? I thought he was allergic to labor?
What is happening to the grand tour ??
Who chose this still for the video picture? That sheep looks as if it's planning to murder humans and take over everything. Beware the revenge of the sheep for shearing them 🐑🐏 baaaaaa
Will this be as awful as Richard's island cringefest?
I once went to his farm shop with the view to a concession for my own business, but when I got there the front gate was locked and the place was deserted! Having just looked at this I reckon I should have no regrets. :P
This will be fucking magic lol
I'm not sure I really want to watch Jeremy doing stupid shit with a tractor. If anyone can afford screwing it all up, it's him, but as a part time farmer I'm probably going to just be bothered by it the entire time. =p
This is going to be brilliant. Farming, how hard can it be?
Corn is coming good!
I Love Jezza, he could make a TV show about a wet paper bag exciting to watch, he's a master of his craft
Was the voice over given by Paul Whitehouse?
A big thanks to the BBC for making all of this possible.
"Unbelievable horse shit" I'm so excited for this
*_Plays Farming Simulator Once_*
James May can do a crossover episode with farm to table ingredients from Clarkson's Farm.
Wait,that Clarkson said-"Oh no,anyway)))
Missed this.
So basically amazon bought farm for Jeremy or vice versa.
Global warming propaganda it seems like 😁
If I get what?? You can't catch something that doesn't exist m8....
Clarkson as a farmer.. Who would've guessed when it all started. Can't wait to watch!
That last clip with the wall I didn’t understand and JC echo’d my exact response 🤣 I can’t wait!
First on trending. Well deserved
Farming, how hard can it be?
I mean I’ll take it, I guess.  Really would like some new Grand Tour though Amazon
Well it's better than the great Escapists
The trio face their greatest challenges yet: May: Japan Clarkson: Farming Hammond: *Parenting*
This is way too fake for me to enjoy. And the narrator is very irritating.
Next be May's Pub and Hammond's Gardening, lol
Have clarkson doing his manual labour with supercar yet?
my prime subscription just ended :  (
This looks hilarious!
Will Jeremy actually fixing something with a hammer?
The narrator sounds like Paul, in Harry and Paul.
What if it was "The Grand Tour presents: Clarkson's Farm"
Is that Paul Whitehouse doing the voice over?  He's a little bit whoa, a little bit whay a little bit whiss whiss whiss whiss.
1:48  Who was she beside him?
Hmmm, this will be interesting!
This coming from the man who mocked Captain Slow for growing organic peace beans in the slums of Detroit in one episode of Top Gear.
I wish James May narrated this.
I am not gonna be surprised if he starts farming with a shotgun or a hammer
Where is my hammer?????
"If I get it I'll die" "yes"  catches it, is sick in bed for 3 days. Doesn't die.
Clarkson: "oh yeah, I was gonna make it a fooling around show, but it was so interesting that I decided to make it a serious show about farming." Welk turned out well, didn't it?
I love the part where he says "Morning" to a chicken
Dont worry guys. Hes so genius, that he can generate gravity 👍
That is may doing the voice over right?
Yes yes yes yes
Old McClarkson had a farm.
Clarkson will now supply all food to The Grand Tour crew so they do not surpass the budget of 23¥
Same old quality entertainment, just with reduced speed and dirt tracks
BBC: You can't say that, say this. No, you can't do that.  Amazon: You want to make a show about farming Jeremy? How much do you need?
Nah, better off watching Harry’s Farm instead. Clarkson’s too annoying.
Shut up and take my money
I miss " Hammond You Idiot!!!"
Cant wait!
Fucking legend
I appreciate the fact that clarkson still drives in the old shape Range Rover and has a Lamborghini tractor
Wtf happened to grand tour? Season 4
Hold my beer
which one is Clarkson
I didn’t know I needed this so much.
Does the show budget exceed 23¥?
It's kind of strange because the 3 of them together are greatness, but Jeremy alone is still greatness.... I don't understand the maths, but the other 2 when they do projects on their own just don't level up like when they are together... Looking forward to this one... ❣️🤗
Finally, I've waiting for this,
This looks FANTASTIC!! I have been waiting for this FOREVER! Certain to be much better then Hamsters island escape but better be very good to top James May in Japan. That was fantastic and set a high bar if Clarkson wants to top that. It looks good so far though. Can't wait.
Spoiler alert : It didn't finish well.
Hope it's better then that rubbish Hammond just did
It's coming out on my B-day🎂🎉🎉
Actually super excited for this.
It's gonna be awesome, and i was waiting for this a long, but why at the Euro 2020 opening match day? Why not earlier?
Country life 👌 Pretty smick
This guy can sell rocks off the floor if he had too. Brilliant fellow.
The gran farm, harvest moon 4.0 with jeremy
If anyone remembers him with the Snowbine Harvester or demolishing a house with heavy vehicles, you know this’ll be good
Is this a live action version of Shaun the Sheep?
i dont really care about jeremy but i cant wait to see how ignorant he can be and make it funny at the same time
Old J. Clarkson had a farm Ee i ee i o And on his farm he drove Lambos Ee i ee i oh With a vroom-vroom here And a vroom-vroom there Here a vroom, there a vroom Everywhere a vroom-vroom Old J. Clarkson had a farm Ee i ee i o
Unbelievable horseshit
brilliant cant wait
everyone was hurt in the makeing of this series
Can’t wait for this, love Jeremy
Very veri important question... Is this specific due any country or all access
This should've been voiced by May!
but...when is it coming?
wait his tractor is a Lambo? I didnt know they still made farm equipment.
lol
Should have said "This aging man makes a living from driving fast and furiously shouting random nonsense."  Fire the crap writer, I can start Monday.
I assume this is going to be the 100% opposite of Country File and The Repair Shop 😂  Should be a good watch 👍
10/10 would watch it
Clarkson saying " oh shit" is my favorite, because it means something not normal is happening. Go check it out.. I don't think it's normally schripted.
0:29 F for clarkson's balls
Jon Pardi - Dirt on my Boots. Great song.
Oh yeah. Can’t wait for more POWER
This looks glorious. Sign me up. And, HAMMOND, GET OFF MY BL**DY TRACTOR!
The cars people buy now . Mr Clarkson told them are rubbish
Clarkson doing farming WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG
OK I guess... but this is the Grand Tour channel... what about a new Grand Tour release?
Hurry, hurry...  :)
Good. Something else amusing to watch in these dreadful times. Laughter cures most things.
james may's comentary
I dont care what it is if it has either James Clarkson or Hammond im watching it these 3 guys were my child hood watching top gear everyday on repeat.
Amazing
Anything Clarkson tackles should be labelled "what could possibly go wrong?" (as in absolutely everything)
When does this premiere?
Why did the name change from “I bought a farm”?
Can't wait to watch
"How hard can it be?"
Pushing more political BS Amazon
John Pardi (American Country music singer) has one of his songs in the same video as Jeremy Clarkson... never thought i'd see the day
Great trailer and looks promising. However, I would like to know what is the song in the background? Tks
Man Love Rules OK... and Earth is Flat! DITRH
0:25 Shaun the sheep scene in real life
I’m so freaking hyped
We used to think that the world would be ended by the time Clarkson do the farm Now Clarkson do the farm and 2020 2021 in COVID pandemic ... shi....
let's see that genius that generates gravity, clarkson
Remember when he was popular many many years ago.
Ironic because he then got le coof, and it barely affected him. The smug blonde twat saying there wasn't a lot of hope clearly had no idea what he was talking about.
0:17 “so call out my name”
The excitement I have for this is unbelievable. I have been watching the grand tour over and over again for months now and I cannot express how much I want this.
"This aging man makes a living from driving fast and shouting random nonsense:" **"IN THE PLUMS!!!"**
Uncensored?
Tha Lamborghini tractor is a nice touch🤠
Nice song.
This is gonna be great!
Okay but for real the next Grand Tour special better be the three of them bumbling around in old rust buckets or I'm going to find Clarkson's farmhouse and take a dump on his doorstep.  No more supercars for a while please.
May I suggest  some hedge trimmers for your eyebrows. A two patter.
James May should have narrated this
Please don't let this be as shit as the crap hammond put out
Corns comin good....
I would love to go work there honestly
Filming since 2019🤪🤪
How soon can we get before Clarkson’s farm is put into farming simulator so all of us his fans can run around jumping Lambos over hedges? Good on ya Clarkson for getting your hands dirty and work on the farm! As a farmer myself I congratulate you on doing this. This’ll be one series that nobody will want to miss
The Grand Tour is dead.
Can't wait to see him try to do donuts with a tractor
he did get it and was fine
Bitcoin is the future, Investing in it now will be the wisest thing to do especially with the current rise
Christ, it's that expensive to insure a 60 yr old Clarkson?
I’m actually considering getting prime just to watch this , looks great
Oh Boy this is gonna be Epic
This looks great but car reviews from the lads would be even better.
Surprised they can actually give a date for when it will be released lol
Is that Paul Whitehouse narrating?
omfg this looks so good
I hope Hammond and May stop in for a episode.
You know it’s going to be a good show, when, in the first 30 seconds of the trailer, he has already crashed his tractor into a shed
I imagine this will be just as great as Oh Cook. The island Hammond-Belechi thing was a real bitter disappointment.
Even having spent my entire life in the Cotswolds and being accustomed to the local accent, I struggled with the gentleman at the end. It seems to have been chopped and edited for comedic effect making it difficult to interpret, but in Queen's English the exchange seems to have roughly gone as follows:  Clarkson: “So how’s this coming along?” Man: “Well, it’s as if animals got onto the wall, running amuck, since we got onto the subject. See what I mean?” Clarkson: “Oh yeah, yeah”
"Have you got a Salmonella test?" "Have we?" "Have you?"  :P
Very smart move.. you can't travel the world due to the pandemic, so let's sit in a farm and bring the world in ! Never ever been happier to see a telehandler, a sheep and a tractor! Well done peeps! Can't wait
pusging 60???? omg he looks like he's pushing 80
Oh this is going to be good 🤣 Mr Jeremy clarkson on a farm is like throwing sodium in a pond.
Sweeet
SPEED AND POWER!!
He knows more than Diddly Squat about farming!
More global warming is driven by animal agriculture than personal transport, so idk why that farmer was having a go.
"Clarkson, you pillick!"
Hammond and James should do the commentary
I can't wait to see this😂
Pissy millionaire having problems equals TV show..😭😭😭😭😭😭
I can't wait to see what a monumental cock up this is going to be. And I am overjoyed to watch it. Thank you Amazon. You have redeemed my faith in the Prime membership. For now.
How hard could it be?
Finally Clarkson driving a real lambo designed for him, without speed, but with power and still crashing
Yes yes yes!
I'm so in love with this show already lol 😂
Menuda mierda! donde estan los coches??
I was wondering why this prick was 'running a farm'. Now it makes sense.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeees
This is what countryfile use to be like (apart from the swearing). It use to be about farming in general and wildlife on a farm.
The reason why i decided to do a farming college course
nice thumbnail but which one's Clarkson?
This is going to be excellent.
Yes! This is what i've been waiting for!
And here comes clarkson in his lambo tractor.....
Excited for this, but we need another James May "Our Man in ______"
This..... is the fastest tracktor in the world
Awww this is going to be very interesting  Let’s hope he says his best quote “SPEED AND POWER”
Stop putting this shit out and do a fucking episode.
So we are just supposed to forget about the grand tour now?
What the eu subsidized all uk farmers now amazon subsidize 1
I truly can't wait! There's been a Jezza-shaped hole in my life for far too long 😊👍
So this is Harry's farm but with Clarkson?
thank you for doing this
Looking forward to this. It’s been a long time since the last Clarkson solo show.
Can't really call it The Grand Tour
Eyyy, releasing on my birthday. What a great birthday present!
the least succesful farm... in the world.
When will Amazon learn. We don't need to see Richard on an island, James in a kitchen, or Jeremy on a farm.......Just make the Grand Tour!!
Waiting 😃
You just knew he'd have a Lamborghini tractor
Proof that people will watch anything starring the old Top Gear trio ^^
Thank u for doing the real Top Gear stuff
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷  Brazil Love you!
June 11th? Thats my birthday! This will be a great birthday present!
Pushing 60??? He looks like he's pushing 80 at least.
I am watching this...... Can't wait.
needs considerably more Harry Metcalfe
Really an algorithm did suggest to make this???
Can’t wait for this - looks so funny!
UK people have a good taste in country music
The madmen did it! I could not be happier
Definitely will watch! I’m still waiting on another season of may doing that travel show. I absolutely enjoyed him in Japan!
Which one is the sheep.
I could happily work on the farm for a day for free just for a laugh
Thank you Amazon, thank you TGT, thank you all of you three for everything you do for us ❤️
I drove past there on Sunday but didn't have time to stop. Might pop up this weekend.
Shoulda called it “Seed and power”
I'm so proud of Jeremy for coming out in June  I mean--- for his new show to come out in June. It is Pride month after all. Something to celebrate, that. Coming out - with a new show.
Can't wait 🤣
So just like The Archers then.
The real star of this show will be that beautiful L322 Range Rover
Diddly Squat Farm Shop
What could possibly go wrong??
honestly, I'd love to see them do more car reviews.
I cannot believe that the first episode of this show, featuring my favourite television presenter of all time, premieres on my birthday!!!!
Clarkson! Clarkson'! Where is my ro... emm sheep!? xD
It’s a jagggggggggggg
Everything this man does is great entertainment. Amazing.
POWEEEEEEEEEER
I just knew the sheep would look nervous on his farm.
Can't wait for Farmkhana 2!!!!
Going to be a good laugh
Is this what we’re doing now, boys? Farming it is
Can't wait
Love this, Cant Wait!!! love the FGL playing in the back too
Tasty
Jeremy in a Lamborghini tractor: "WHAT A MACHIIIINNEEE!!"
Are the Legendary Trio practising Social Distancing from each other..? I mean I know they’ve retired the old format of the show but still, is it too much to ask for to just see them on the screen together - bickering, arguing and sabotaging one another..? Gosh, we miss you James Slow Old Grandma May, Jeremy No-manual Labour Clarkson and Richard Crash Hamster Hammond.... No doubt that this great as were the James May in Japan and Richard on the Island shows but please come together for one show... Pleeeeaaasssse 🙏
Thats globle  warming what a horse sh3t 😂
But Clarkson *DID* "get it" just before Christmas and recovered apparently well.  He wrote an article about it.  There is now genuine belief amongst doctors and scientists that smokers are somehow less susceptible.  Nobody knows why for sure, but it's believed that residual lung damage means the virus finds it harder to bind on and replicate as easily.
YES PLEASE   :::=^)
This is what happens when you give a man child a million pounds. I’m ready.
It's hard to see who's sheep and who's Clarkson
Harry's Farm, meet Clarkson's Farm.... Clarkson's Farm, meet Harry's Farm....
This is the greatest farm show....................... In the world
Can’t wait
Can't bloody wait 😂
Still those trio were the best...miss them
The biggest non believer of global warming, who races cars and shouts on cyclists goes on farm, hmm Bloody Interesting.
Now this is content
“Sometimes my genius is...it’s almost frightening”
Harvest Moon: The Grand Tour
We didn't know we needed this, but now we did!
By the gods its manual labor
is there any way to watch this show for free..
this nincompoop (Clarkson) is going to make my year! I can finally find something on TV to laugh at during the Cuff 🤣🤪🥸
Doesn't he hate the country side and constantly makes fun of Hammond for enjoying it?
So the laziest of the 3 has a farm and think do it better knowing that 70% of the things he does go to hell in a hand basket. Should make for a great special.
This will be the most popular farm program....’in the world’
*I just crunched the numbers… he could have and very likely has actually smoked A MILLION cigarettes.*
Something about Clarkson with Pop Country playing in the background doesn't seem right
Clarkson: "I am allergic to manual labour". Also Clarkson: Purchases and runs a farm, one of the most manually labour-focused/intensive job roles out there"
yes
Finalmente o The grand tour está de volta, desse vez sem uma pausa tão grande.
The last part is too funny and weird, it looks like country people all over the world talk funny!
Greatest farm in the world
Flashbacks of Green Acres was in my head. Should have had that playing in the background... 🤣🤣🤣
0:27 Tonoight, on bo'om gear
Is James going to destroy Clarkson's shed?
I have to say this is the first thing in a while that I am actually looking forward too.
The only thing I can actually see Clarkson growing is weed really..
- "This is global warming. And you race about all your life in vehicles” - "Unbelievable horse shit"  Clarkson in a nutshell.
This is exciting.
Going to weird without Hammond & May but im excited none the less
yesss
This is going to be fucking awesome!
Wish they would have had Hammond or may doing voice over commentary. Or go on YouTube live while watching the episodes just roasting Clarkson lol
Yayayayayayyyyyyyyyyy
From now on when i do something crazy with a woman in the car, I will scream SIDEWAYS IN LINEN!!!! In honor of the Great Clarksonius.
I didnt know I needed this show, until now
then there is James May who is trying to run a restaurant with his friend
I love this song, dirt on my boots , Jon Pardi
Love him
this is gone be fun how Jeremy Clarkson I am he gone say how hard is it to look after a farm
Wait why do you remove the part where Clarkson said "Fuck off" when the guy said "oh it's climate change Jeremy" ? 😒
Apparently Jeremy is actually bringing back the wetlands or something like that on his farm, hes trying to get birds and shit to return, its actually kind of neat
he should have asked Richard Hammond about looking after a farm also I am sure he said to Richard Hammond how hard could be looking after a farm
I'll consider this a birthday present then...
Where are HAMMOND  and MAY
How hard can it be?
My kind of farmer, global warming.....horse shit.
The man allergic to manual labor decides to run a farm. This should be interesting.
Is this a worldwide release? because james may's oh cook released much later in germany than in the uk.
"See what i mean?"
*The farm that festers in Clarksons genius...*
I'll stick to Harrys Farm and watch Metcalfe actually running his farm.  This seems like a show for Prime
The editing and the music in this trailer are just amazing.
Dear Clarkson please stop this bulls..t and make car show great again..
"What could go wrong"!
I don't remember being excited to watch a farming show....EVER!
No wonder topgear booted your ass, go ahead with your thieves stealing things. Gonna punch me Jeremy?
can't tell if it's whole new show or the grand tour's another episode ;d
this needs to be a series!!!!
All those years of him being against manual labor. Look who’s doing it now😂
Oh this is amazing.
Age never stops clarksons hilariousness
What kind of idiot baboon plays farming simulator? Oh, well  ok then.. And people watch them play? OK, hey Jeremy here's an idea!
I need at least 10, hour long episodes of this
Can't wait
Aw man this just NEEDS May's commentary to make it 10 times hilarious
I like the song.
Is the grand tour gonna come back?
Hype
Watching Gold Shaw Farm for more than a couple years has prepared me for the insanity that is Clarkson attempting to run a farm. Keyword attempting.
without the other two all individual show may it be james or Richard becomes boring to watch...its the threesome that was fun watching 😛😜
I bet the BBC are kicking themselves right about now.
This looks fucking brilliant
Speed and power
The man who was allergic to manual labour has come a long way
Bring him on.. 😎😎
Loving the Jon Pardi can’t wait for the show
is this a Grand Tour episode or is it its own show?
The Lamborghini tractor is clarkson all over 😂😂
I thought he said he wouldn’t do anything without the boys!
Unless the Trio are together I just don't care. Didn't watch May or Hammonds shows, won't bother with this.
Clarkson is allergic to manual labour, unless its a chainsaw... "I am the god of hell fire"!!!
he looks like hes pushing at least 80
The building the wall 😂
The last time Jeremy was on a farm he tried to do ploughing with dynamite. I wonder how much he's learned since then...?
Clarkson’s Farm: Where men are men and the sheep are nervous.
CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS!
How long before he claims it is the greatest farm .......IN THE WORLD
This will be so good!!! Amazon, please do another solo special with May and one for Hammond.   They are great together and solo, can’t get enough
Diddly Squat Farm Shop
Hehe Grand Tour is back
Claksoooooooon
I’m going to translate this trailer on Russian
The most entertaining man to watch do just about anything!!!
Wait surly this isn't the new episode of the grant tour. Is this a different show some please let me know before I pull my hair out
I love Jeremy <3 he reminds me of my father, character and look
Pushing 60 ... 61 last month 😂
This is gonna be awesome🤣🤣
Anything with Jeremy is bonkers
I find it funny that a american country song is being used in Jeremy's "trailer"
0:27 is that Martin brundle
Hype is real
Would be hillarious if the May and Hammond sabotaged his farming a little 😅
We have hammond here at 1:36 damn...
Of course Clarkson has a Lamborghini tractor 😊
But I want to see them in cars, all of them
This looks brilliant
what is the name of background song
Oh noo, anyway...
This is going to be epic, much better than that garbage great escapists Hammond did, that was truly horrific shite.........
Little 💩 on my 🥾
gyajvafuhakw ou  oabo boots animal  aow[hda n, See what I mean?
Farming simulator needs to cut him a check for the copies he is going to sell for them.
why am I looking forward to watching a 60 year old man making a fool out of himself? oh because it's clarkson
When is this out I can't wait 😂
This aging man makes a living driving fast and shouting random nonsense.....
Still waiting for the speed of birds
Aminal*
I always wanted Clarkson to have his own series ever since Hammond and May got their own, thank you Amazon Prime for keeping these legendary dogs alive!!
Clarkson: I could either go to London and presume my old life an; Friend: Yeah do it 🤣
Poooooooooowwwwweeeeeeerrrrrrr!!!!
Jeremy Clarkson: What could possibly go wrong? Jeremy Clarkson responding to his own question: That sounds like a challenge.
😂😂😂 this gonna be great
Who tf disliked this
Tbh...that looks brilliant. Been a long wait...glad it's almost here
Love how clarksons trailer gets country music
Which one in the thumbnail is Clarkson?
Yessss!!!!!!
"I can either go back to London... " "yeah, do that" ... XD priceless *g*
That lambo tractor looks sweeeeet!
Clarkson hears he's getting a Lambo and realizes its a Lambo tractor.
This looks brilliant, can't wait.
About fing time
Really TV's getting f****** boring with old people s*** couldn't give this show to a younger man or woman tell me Jeremy Clarkson is f****** racist
I love clarkson old Clarkson new clarkson any clarkson
There isn't a comment in the world that portrays anything close to how much I want to watch this.
I have high hopes for this, it couldnt be any worse than Hammonds bomb in the great escapists.
Clarkson! Are you my dad?
I'm worried for the sheep, god no's how there going to survive with Clarkson 😂🐑
The world needs more geniuses like this man right here .... Spreading wisdomever where he goes 👌
"I've played all of the Farming Simulators games from 2013 to 2020, how hard can real life be?"
ground force :D
Clarkson's Farm, to be followed by May's Pub and Hammond's latest crash.
E I E I O? I’m in
June!? OFFS that's forever away
SPEED AND POWER!!
He’s awesome 😎
So that's what he's been up to... 👍
Now lets get James May Runs a Bar. 😁
CLARKSON! I told you to milk the cows, not the bull!
Watching top gear and grand tour made me wanted to be car show presenter. I think am gonna change my fantasy career now.
Cant wait for the may cameo
Lets burn the farm ultimately
He looks terrible for someone just 61 years old :(
Oh yes
Can't wait to see the new series Jezza! Where's May and Hammond you idiot 😀
A man that has found his calling.I did not expect that Amazon would make it a series but here we are.
Looks great but I guess Grand Tour wont be out for another billion months
This is gonna be a great birthday present 😄
Awesome 😬
So now all of the trio have their own show. May's got cooking, Hammonds got survival, and now Clarkson has farming
This will be the best spin-off of Grand Tour.
Damm love it! Cant wait!
FINALLY
Yo Jeremy is so good at what he does.. he can do any kind of show and get me interested.
CLARKSOOOOOOON !!!
I knew there was a reason why the grand tour account started became active again
Never thought we would see Jeremy farming.
I think we know what we need next...           Clarkson island
Finally, some good fucking news.
Who knew a man allergic to manual labor decided to buy a farm
YEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Loos much more promising ithan whatever Hammond did in his last video.
Can't wait eeeeeeeek 😂❤️
This is what I was Waiting For 🔥🔥🔥
We went from celebrity's dying and james say " are they coming on then " to then lots of offroading and celebritys seeing whose fastest around the track in Season 2 and now Jeremy driving 5mph around his farm
At LAST we get a date. Hurrah 😃👍👍👍👍👍👍
So this is what its all about.. i've seen an interview back then when he sell farm produce..
SEPEEEEEEDDDD AND POWWWWWWEERRRRRRRRR going 5mph in a tractor
cant wait for this disaster to unfold
BBC's lost is Amazon's gain. Love watching Clarkson. He even makes boring stuff fun and very entertaining to watch.
Narrator sounds like a young Michael Caine
He can get audience for any of his shows ..... All i was waiting for a screeching voice saying Clarkson in the background 😁😁
Hell Yeah, this will be fun. Clarkson on a farm!!
Yaay look the virus made Clarkson to do manual labour.. What a time to be alive 🤣🤣
😂😂😂
This is gonna be great!  wonder if Hammond will offer fertilizer tips
Turn on subtitles at 1:52
"It ain't much but it's honest work" - Said Jeremy to no one ever
I thought the other two idiots would be in, helping him. I mean, "helping" him 😅
Go back to London, YES do that, 😆😂🤣😅 that's a quality answer lol.
Why is james on the thumbnail
I. Can’t. Wait.
James may with our man in Japan , Richard Hammond with the great escape and now Jeremy Clarkson with clarkson's farm 🤩 Amazon are leveling up apart from grand tour which is good to see.
See what i mean? oh yeah yeah.
Petition for the next show to be Michael Gambon at Dr. Phil's ranch
Clasrkson managing a farm is more interesting than Top Gear. Hahahahahahah
YES
Very excited for this!
Looks good, well let’s be honest :- can’t be worse than Hammond’s island thing...
Shit that´s boring!
How about less farm animals and more cars?
OK Great Amazon, and now back to to tent! We want normal old Grand Tour with testing cars at Ebola etc, think about that ! 💁‍♂️❤
...yay :)
Amazon prime xbox?
How much ya wanna bet that he will get kicked in the "plums" by an animal?
This could turn out to be more interesting than the grand tour. It was a good show but it had nothing on top gear. Although now that they said they are only doing specials i think it could get better.
That is gonna be the best farm...pause...in the world
Though it does make sense for the trailer, it's hilarious that they used a country song for this given how much Clarkson has made fun of country music and American southerners in the past.
Any show if it includes any of the 3 blokes from grand tour, i'd watch it
Lamborghini Tractor.
Is the Farm called Farmageddon.?
Does anyone remember Boycie from Only Fools and Horse? big car guy who spent all his life in London buying/selling/driving cars who then goes to the country to start a farm? 0:51 is the exact same outfit Boycie worn in his spin off Green Green Grass
For 60 odd he looks great - for a 75 year old.
So Harry Metcalf finally gets an opponent?
Is James May the narrator for the trailer?
Can't wait
youtube captions "Wheres the rape gone"
hahaha.... Jeremy Clarkson! The last normal man in the world!! :D
Yes
POWERRRRRR
When is the Scotland Special?!!!!
good on ya.. good for you.. a texas rancher in italy.. doc johnny  nato
I heard about this and didn't think much of it, but it does look quite good.
Clarkson proves he can do any show and make you and your family wanting to see it
Wow, I'm crying of laughter. Looks brilliant
The show is about Clarkson but is the whole thing going to be narrated by James May like this?  That is the show we need.  I hope the trailer isnt a tease!
Farming sim 2022's trailer looks amazing. Can already see the fustercluck about to happen
FIANLLY this show is coming out!
the question i have is who is going to replace hammond and may? you will need a short person and a smarter person then jermey. then things will get exciting!
Can't wait
Why June?????  Now , RELEASE IT Now!!!!!!!!!!!
All those years of taking the piss out of gardening programmes caught up ey!🤣
Oh no...
Jezza got Covid but the Million Cigs he got in him kicked it out
It's a bit of a stretch to associate this with "The Grand Tour." It's missing two of the three show's hosts. I mean "James May: Our Man in Japan" wasn't considered Grand Tour, neither was Richard Hammonds "The Great Escapists" so I fail to see how a comedic show about farming is in any way associated with The Grand Tour. But who am I kidding, I'm going to watch it anyway.
FINALLY!
POWEERRRRRR
Of course he would have a Lamborghini tractor.
"Sometimes my genius... It generates gravity"
If the 'Fast and the Furious' and 'River Cottage' had a baby.
Fantastic!!!
Speed and power! Speed and power!
Couold actually be better than the last TGT special, but I'll miss the Trinity together
This is how i imagine Fast and Furious 100 will be like
Grand solar minimum.
‘Shouting random nonsense’ 😂
How many times does he try and deploy the speed and power in his new Lamborghini?
Jaaahaay! Looking forward to it! I am not entirely sure if Clarckson's neutral look in disastrous situations his due to his general laid back attitude and lack of interest or just gravity.
Had to watch this twice cause there's nothing to watch atm because of covid, looks awesome.
Now this 😂😂😂😂
Officers won’t work!!!
This is the best ive seen him in ages
That looks genuine.  Can’t wait
*FUNNY* that BoJo is about to announce an end to British farming* just as Clarkson takes it up...     *Tariff free Ausi deal, which will mean tariff free Brazilian deal and American deal
Why is May in the thumbnail, he's not in the show.
Count me in! Yay 🙌 🤠
Of course Jeremy would have an actual Lamborghini tractor
*_I'm glad that about an off them has had their open Original show😂_*
Christ those global warming comments make me nerveus 😬
Further evidence of the most practical man in the world’s genius.
I'll watch this
Don't often subscribe to streaming services. Really hate having multiple ones or switching between the 15 different services.  But I will definitely resubscribe a month or two for this and the latest grand tour specials.
Who cares?
Some recent episodes of GT have been disappointingly contrived nonsense - but I think I maybe genuinely looking forward to this.
The BBC must be spitting blood, Clarkson and Co. have gone from strength to strength.
This isn't like any other farm,  this is the Clarkson Farm
Amazon is smart enough to realize that any of these guys doing anything is good TV, we all love the cars but the people are the bread and butter of it
I was kinda hoping to see the goat in the thumbnail but couldn't find it  Edit: sheep**
hell yeah!! cant waittt!!! siiick sound track too!
Seems to be a very fun and great show.. the end of the trailer would've been more awesome if it ended with James May screaming CLARKSOOON!
This is going to be good
When is next grand tour special?
So ready to see this
I smell pp jokes for stuff like sausages
ahhhaah that guy at the end!! i cannot wait for this!
Best and funniest car journalist out there!
Yes yes yes
Does this mean James and Richard aren't coming on then?
Oh no His attempt at rape had failed This is truly tragic
Did they just round up the most arrogant bunch of farmers they could find or are they trying to be 'funny'
thank you amazon for the early birthday present been looking forward to this since for ever it feels like
Can't wait for this! Come on Clarkson let's be having you old boy!
Narrator : he decided he'd be brilliant in running it?   The orangutan : oh sh*t
Clarkson on a Farm of course we’re gonna watch that watch Clarkson doing anything for the most part😂
Noiceeee
Soooo no SPEED and POWER?
Cant wait
awesome
I really hope this has at least 30 episodes
Song is John Pardi - Dirt on My Boots
Clarkson is a genius. Not only will he make money with this series, the financial side of putting money into farmland has many advantages especially around inheritance. Pure genius, POWER ! 😃
Pushing 60... That race has ended old bean.
Good to see Clarkson has fittened up quite a bit since farming.
Looks absolutely brilliant!  I cannot wait.  Thanks for the announcement.
When he said "I'm pushing 60 and smoked a million cigarettes If I get it ... " I was genuinely scared for him !! Long Live the idiot Trio we need more of you !!
“Oh Shit, at Clarksons farm” 😂 this is looking like something we can enjoy.. but still prefer the trio together.. but this will be better than hammonds thing..
Yeah this gonna be good.. Anything with clarkson in it usually is
"The farm tour" haha this is the best title
Tonight, I crash a tractor. A chicken runs away, And I go back to London.
James is the type of person to have a farm. Also, didn't Clarkson say he was allergic to manual labour?
Would be funny if May did the Voice over
Awesome
Clarkson, Hammond and May together are 1+1+1=111
1:09 Wow, I just turned 50, but he looks 50 years OLDER than me. I'm guessing genetics plus all of that smoking made the difference.
*oh haha*
CLAAAARRRCSOOOOONNNN!!s Farm
Can't wait for some of the farmers to shout: CLARKSOOOOONNNN!!!!! [insert irritation]
Clarkson being Clarkson and generally twatting about? I'm in.
Anyone else doing this wouldn't work. This trailer though has me. Should be good.
James May hates poncy food and expensive wine and then became a wine ponce and has a cooking show. Jeremy Clarkson hates slow vehicles and manual labor, then makes a farming show and does manual labor. Can't wait for Hammond's History of  the band Genesis, or World of Spiders, where he searches for the freakiest spider.
Rather stick a screwdriver in each ear than hear that song again.
For dear life, why don't you guys just give Richard Hammond a Space-Shuttle and make it show?  Oh yeah...  Because he is going to crash in it.  This is just abuse the elderly.  I can't wait.
I’ve been waiting for this!!! Chaos on a farm. Oddly excited
Sometimes his genius is....is almost frightening
Id watch it
Awesome
They give us everything, except what we really asked for
England and America hell, England, one country divided by a common language!
I thought this was a parody trailer like ones from Tropic Thunder. Is this real?
I remember commenting on a live stream ages ago "so what does he do all day?!" thinking he didn't do much. I got a reply saying well he does own and run his own farm! I was like cool! That sounds like it would be a good show. I'm sure I wasn't the one to come up with this but now it's here it looks fantastic!
Just waiting for it
I was interested until those corny ass lyrics were made to match that corny ass footage...dirt on my boots, mud in my wheels... I mean if you're already *that desperate* I don't think cute word play is going to save you.
yesssssssss! finally
He did get covid and was absolutely fine. He lay in bed until it went away
Who is that narrator? I'd love to have Hammond or May narrate.
This is going to be epic...
I have literally ZERO interest in farming, but I'm definitely watching this shit 😂😂😂😂
0:59 Nobody     *YouTube CC: "Where's the rape gone"*
Thank god for Amazon, we get to see these three
Clarkson always makes my day.
There's gonna be so many zesty drink breaks.
I hope he does a review if that lambo
I've been waiting for this love him .he the funniest guy.I love everything he dose.he make me laugh like crazy.can't wait till the 11th of june!!!
Oh man that's going to be a lot of fun to watch, can't wait!
YESSS, June 11th can’t wait 🙏 🎉
When is the next episode
What an AMAZING show that is going to be!!
1:14 ANNDDDD he got it. And threw it off in a few days.
I wonder how many people went started Googling " Lamborghini Tractor ".
Can't wait to watch this farming show 😅
Lamborghini tractors are JUNK. Ask anyone who has had one. They bought out Valperdana and the quality dropped like a stone. I even seen the radiator in the wrong way around which meant that you couldn't get the cap off
Grand Tour has become irrelevant
Absolute chaos
The song is Dirt on my boots, in case anyone's wondering.
Doesn't he already have a farm?
I like the ad before the ad 😂😂😂😂
Guess Jeremy's desperate attempt to play landed gentry looks funny enough. Seems less desperate than Hammond's.
How are you granpa?
who wants clarkson to comment the champions league final? it will more fun than the final itself
59 people with no sense of humour
Racist Poor Guy
Yessssss!!!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️
3 hours late but here I am!
Oh  YEH   yeh . . . . .
LAMBORGHINI TRACTOR!!!
Time to buy prime again.
Even if they are a different company of course he would have a Lamborghini tractor.
This looks great cant wait
this feels like farming simulator the movie
How hard can it be..!!!!!!
You really are going to make me watch a show about a 60 years old pensioner working on a farm, huh?
"i aint gonna work on clarkson's farm no more"
What is taking so long?
It be hilarious to see random appearance of Hammond and may😂
At last... weeks of farm simulator experience finally paid off..
The timing of this and the news is funny
when coming the grand tour new season ?
It’s about sodding time , I think we 1st heard about this over 18 months ago.  In Clarksons words “just get on with it” 🚜 🌾
Always watched top gear just to listen to Jeremy and may. The hobbit was in my opinion just an idiot trying to blend in 🤣🤣
Looks promising?
This is way better than anything else ever seen. This is gona be epic
Of course he has a Lamborghini tractor.
It better not be scrited crap like Hammonds escape from the island program
I wonder what his new catchphrase would be.
BEAUTIFUL
Watching clarkson trying to be a calm human being is like watching a velocraptor pretend he is a chicken
Wish I could see James and Richards faces when they see this
This is going to rock.
Suggestion: so more specials and things where they have to make their own cars and go to different countries and stuff those are the best.
@1:53 what did he said?
Can't wait to see what he's done to my bloody shed, man!
I can’t fucking wait
At this point we will watch him whatever he will do.
*Old Macdonald* better watch out 🤠 , there's a *new Farmer* in town 👨‍🌾
I really hope it doesn't come as something so scripted and forced and the Hammond one. That thing was unwatchable
Clarkson seems like a guy who would raise sheep and then train them to back up.
How hard can it be?
The next show must be "May's Pub"
Very exciting
More beautiful non-sense from my favorite 3. Looking forward to all this as usual
Новый выпуск когда?!?!?!
In todays episode Clarkson uses a shovel, May shows up with some Japanese tea and Hammond ruins a tree
I thought he was allergic to manual labour.
June 5? Can't wait that long!!
Clarkson doing 5mph in a tractor: The speeeeeeeeeed!!!
00:29 in the plums
Cant wait to see this!!!!!
Impossible.
“Gibberish” see what i mean? Clarkson : oh yeah yeha
HAMMOOOOOOOOONDDD!!!!!
Damn, guess I'm learning how farming works from this bloke
Why everything with Clarckson looks good?
“Speeeed and Paaaaawwwweree”
This is Country file but ruined. I love it
They should really do another version of this with Hammond and James narrating
Is anyone less funny than Keith lemon?
I never thought I would watch a farm show but  what can I say ? I watched tiger king during covid...
Clarkson... the worst modern farmer in the UK. For now.
1:41 never truer words have been said before
Why don't yall just search for a new charismatic presenter to promote the hell out of, instead of recycling has-beens? Time to let go.
Good to know that the tractor was a Lamborghini.  It's what they made before supercars. 👍
Clarkson is the McDonalds of comedy shtick.
load of crap
fk yeahhhh........  *This little part of my life is called happiness*
Imagine telling Jeremy back in like 2004 while doing top gear he would end up doing a farming show for the internet 😂
Seems weird that Paul Whitehouse is narrating this
Can’t believe I’m excited to watch a show about a farm.
very expensive farming equipment for a Farm Show 🤣
So now he is a professional animal abuser and exploiter. And not even out of necessity but for television and fun.
CC on, 1:53 [INDISTINCT]
Lamborghini trattori
Amazon needs to stop mentioning global warming every five seconds.  Its not an issue, it will never be an issue.  We are more likely to die form an asteroid.  Turbo libtards are very annoying
This looks wholesome
I need to recharge my prime sub for this 😂
Add it to the list of shows I don't care about. I'm here for grand tour
Finally a sequel to Clarkson Island
What could possibly go wrong??
1:05 I left England when I was 9 and haven't been back since but I can tell thats burford close to where I used to live 😂 someone correct me if im wrong
Jeremy farming ?? Still better than the new top gear
If I had the choice between London or a Farm in the English countryside and the finance to back it up, I would definitely go with the South of France! Why would you put through everything this country throws at you? .... WHY???
He got the corona. Turns out he lived. Imagine that.
Microsoft Presents, Clarkson Farming Simulator 2021.
Althought we've already seen a lot about Jeremy's new show and published a load of videos this trailer makes us willing to watch this show sooo much..... LOVE IT !!!
Hahaha blind child.
Speed
So excited for this
Waiting for V12 lambo engine use in the tractor wkwkwk
And of course he has to drive a Lamborghini tractor XD
When?
We want the whole team
Is this a new series?
Jeremy Clarkson managing a farm..  How hard can it be?
Lambo Chevy
How is this possible? I thought he was allergic to manual labor??
Does Clarkson have what it takes to manage a farm?
CAN'T WAAAIT
Make sure his farm animals don't see that he made a car out of animals for that may or may not be a problem
"How Hard can it be?" ;)
Nevermind this crap where's the trio! Need more grand tour!
Very excited.
Brilliant ^^
This shows, its about the personality and not the content. His fans will follow him where ever he goes and does! Im all hooked!
I guess it's gonna be epic
This show will answer the question "can Jeremy screw things up so badly that it can be seen from space? "
Looks good, but the thing about trailers are, you have just seen all the good bits.
hope its better than that desert island disgrace hammond and tory did
2 words, TILLING AND PLOWING!
Finally!
He was allergic to manual labour :D
Any idea when the actual show starts?
I doubt any animal will come out of this alive
"How hard can it be?"😂😂
I'm watching that lol
Funny how the rich clebs seem to have discovered farming now. Curiously, farms are recently subject to 0% inheritance tax.........
Dirt on my boots? Ahahah
See what I mean!????
Second aisle for the lemon scented pond water
The narrator sounds like the son james may never had.
YES YES YES!
Richard and May's place is empty
omg who cares
Il watch anything with Clarkson in he's a legend.
Of course a Lanmborghini tractor
I would watch him watching paint dry.
What retirement looks like
Compensation for not finishing grad tour.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!
I hope there are at least 600 episodes of this...    But looks like only 8.
this should be great the man who hates manual labour doing alot of it
"I m the God of Hellfire!!!"
Officers don’t work
well, that was unexpectedly AWESOME!  Cant wait!
Now James may needs a show
You've got to get Harry's Farm or Tom Pemberton on this show as guests. Would be great to see as well.
Oh c*ck yeah
I'd watch this than GOT, which I never did!
Clarkson doing manual labour !!! The end is near guys. its good knowing ya all
Can't wait for this!
Was that James May doing the voiceover?
Does this mean grand tours not coming on then
Speed and Power Now Seed and Plower!
Is it 1 April again?
Speed and powerrrr!
Looking forward to seeing this
Clarkson you need to have word with Alastair Cook and find out what real farming is like..
This has potential. Especially the anti PC truth, along with the reality of how the world really works. Cheers!
George Bush- we'll use a fake climate crisis to fund the new world order  2001
We are seeing Farming simulator in real life ,lol
Sounds like Clarkson decided to get some tegrity
I wonder if this will be genuinely good like James' Cookery/Japanese program or shit like Hammonds desert island one
Exceptional!! Classic!! EPIC!!
CLARKSON you muppet
Can't imagine if Clarkson is Metcalfe neighbour. Would be a chaos both in cars and farm
Oh no! Anyway...
So when are we getting more Episodes of the Grand Tour? You only have two episodes out for this current season, where is the rest?!
1:15 and 1:41 never a true word spoken..
I honestly cant wait
I think, This trailer would be more funny if it been narrated by May.😆😆
Sponsored by COLGATE¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
This looks great! I wonder who the local farmer lad is, I live very local to here
visited that farm last week. such good milk and beer
This is just what I needed👌😂
It does not matter what kind of series it is. As long as Jeremy Clarkson is in it, it will be great and funny
0:26 Daft fucking question!
Really hope Harry metcalfe from Harry’s farm is featured in this. (Those who know will know)
nice! Im hyped now
So that last bit, the movie Hot Fuzz wasn’t kidding about rural British accents.
😂😂sooo gonna watch this
Doesen't matter what Clarkson is doing im gonna watch it! :D
I also just started my farming experience with Farming simulator 19, it's addicting!
I never thought I'd see Clarkson take care of animals, after he used to blow them up
Jeremy cocking about on his farm.  I don't see it being that great, sorry.  The chemistry really is with the three of them.  Take any of them out of the mix and it suffers.  James is the only one that does well by his own and it is his obsessiveness and peevishness that carries it off.  Bluster and errors will not be enough.  I will give it a shot and hope for the best.
On the edge of my seat! Looking forward to this soooo much.
one step closer to Jeremy and James' The Speed of Birds
This is what we needed
Honestly this may be shit like Hamsters stuff at least it has a orangutan  and no Americans  but I watch it and have fun
Well, it made me smile.
Man i really need prime now
The opening pretty much describes top gear in a nutshell
well, The cinematography looks amazing, and its a goddamn farming show with a half evolved Bafoon
The eleventh of June eh, couldn't think of a much better birthday present
Whelp, time to finally play Stardew Valley with the wife. POWEEERRRR
Brilliant thumbnail
Can’t wait!
genius
Looks brilliant
What in the hell? Where are the cars? All the top gear fans trying to fill the hole in their life with Farmer Jeremy Clarkson.
I can not explain how much joy it brings me to watch any one of the trio do ANYTHING. Seriously. I just miss you guys on the telly every week. I can't wait to watch Clarksons Farm and I WILL pay for it in respect to Clarkson, Hammond, and May.
Cooking fish  grade vinegary  May June January
Please tell me he's named 2 of his sheep, may and Hammond. I miss "Hammond you blithering idiot!"
Ngl, this has me more hyped than the grand tour 😭
Hilarious!
He finally overcome his phobia - "Manual Labour"
Are we really gonna see a show about his retirement now?
That last part where the man with the accent says "see what I mean" and Jeremy's like "oh ye yeah" had me cracking 😂😂
Was actually a bit unsure about watching this but I’ve changed my mind and am looking forward to it now
That's why I subsribe prime.
82k views in 2 hours just shows how much we all miss the old top gears very much RIP TOP GEAR 💯💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥
Can't wait for it
unbelieveably he is the reallife farmer of shaun the sheep.
I love how on thumbnail, sheep has the same facial expression as Jeremy. He almost looks like this sheep.
How hard can it be?
We have Hammond on an island, Clarkson on a farm. Now we just need May scaling Mount Everest.
He is like a social media Influencer the likes of Jake Paul and Austin McBroom, only he's 4 times their age.
Fun fact : That's actually a real tractor made by Lamborghini. Lamborghini apparently still makes tractors.
I'm already laughing my ass off from the trail this show is going to be great
Was it May doing the narrating? I'm surprised.
Been waiting for this since it's first announced, about damn time!
I will see it,but please make car shows.
finally
I will absolutely subscribe to Amazon to see this...
Looking forward to it .
ive beeeeeeen waiting  . lol
Grand Tour which we deserved
Please amazon prime bring back the old man trio ahahahahahahahahha from Philippines 🇵🇭 here 🥺❤️
So fucking hyped for this, love clarkson and farming
God, this is amazing. It’s nice that Clarkson found another passion, especially since one day he really will be too old to do The Grand Tour.
He has a Lamborghini!
Probably the best film about farming.... ever
The moment at 1:47 is the greatest ever. Don't remember I laughed that hard during this lockdown in the second wave of Covid-19.
I can't decide if the song is right. American country blaring over a group of Britains just feels kinda weird to me for some reason 😂
"This aging man makes a living from driving fast and shouting random nonsense."  *HAMMOND*
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
waiting from Philippines here
There’s 2 things that are assured in this program: He will shout “POWEEEEEEER!”  It’s gonna be brilliant
Clarkson buys tractor - “sometimes my genius , is almost frightening”
My genius, it generates agriculture
Release date 2/5/2034
James is cooking Clarkson is farming what is Richard doing?
OMG it's front engine Lamborghini......  Is it rare?
brilliant
I'm not sure how long I'd end up watching this, but I'll at least give it a go.
I hope hammond and james makes some special appearance.....i can listen to them blabbbering random shit for hoursss
I hope we get see his beard grow over the course of the show. It was weird as hell on his face, but it'll be something to watch it form over time.
Ready and willing here. Not so much for the farming, but for the many icings on the failure cakes :D
How hard can it be? 😆
Let's see what his genius will bring this time
Ah finally, a Top Gear Ground Force reboot.
Clarkson running a farm... Still, could be worse.
Hanging out with Clarkson is top 5 on my bucket list...
Farming. I mean how hard can it be?
Well... How hard can that be?
LOL...  This is going to be funny.
I'm going to watch this now this is the Clarkson I love to watch
That last guy sounded like the farmer from Hot Fuzz
Dont know why i shed a tear when he said turning nearly 60! And still driving around with SPEED AND POWER just this time its not the Lamborghini its a 800hp tractor
"If you listen carefully you can hear my genius"
This is more like it! I enjoyed Our Man In Japan and The Grand Tour but I was a little disappointed by the Hmasters program. I feel less scripted, more focused on what they are actually interested in. Richard Hammonds Big on Discovery was a good watch.
would be more fun if James May or Richard hammond would visit his farm atleast in one episode :DDD
Jon Pardi!!!
This looks great; funny, bantery and spuriously factually entertaining-ey.
Poor people think about what they can buy with there money, Rich people think about what they can invest in with there money 💰💰💰;
I'm so happy !!!!!!! I missed him !
Shaun the sheep vibes lol
Just watched on three different channels and now I am here 😁
Farming, how hard can it be?
“CLARKSOOONNNN, YOU FUCKING OAF”
Back when he said he owns a farm i never thought i get to see the entire thing as show. I'm excited
Oh fuck oh shit
Look at that, they put a date on it first time 'round.
I love these guys but when it's not all 3 of them it feels like somethings missing.
Finally!!
I wanna see the Trio Build a Farm in isolated island in Japan
The Grand Tour Cinematic Universe is expanding and we love it
CLARKSON!
June 11th 🙌 best birthday gift ever 🤣
Not a single hammer seen in the entire video?! Unacceptable!
It wouldn't be Jeremy Clarkson without a mega phone and a hammer.
Tonight on prime video I own a farm Hammond is stuck on an island And James goes to Japan
Wait, this isn't "Jeremy Clarkon's Lottery of Death"
so by June 11 you mean 2024 June 11th...see what I did there..
SEED AND FLOWER!!!
Got to say his milk is lush - everytime we go camping we get some. and hes shouted power a few times for us in person ;)
I bought one of their hats and im so happy wit it
I’m sorry but wtf is the bullsh*t, we wait years for new grand tour episodes and they give us this crap
Farm hand: So Mr Clarkson, one of the cattle is unwell we should call a vet. Clarkson: No need, I'll get my shotgun.
Omg I love this already
His "assistant" is gorgeous
This is almost a perfect experience to the life of mr clarkson who was driver in the tv program over the last 30 years . from now on has been farmer on the internet...
God
James May should have been the narrator.
Expecting Clarksons tractor pulling series once he relises how much power they can make 🤞💨💨
just what i need for the 2nd wave
Epic, but when does the next GT episode come out?
Looks really good when does it start????
The man is a legend in his own right
No way Paul Whitehouse, is he in the actual program?
Now we just need James to open a restaurent and Hammond to open a garage rebuilding big block V8's. I'd watch all 3 shows. <3
I thought Jezza said this was meant to be a serious show 😂😂
I have got to watch this
TONITE ON BO'OHM GEAR HAMMOND IS STUCK ON A SMALL ISLAND JAMES HAS BECOME A WEEB AND I AM A FARMER NOW
how hard can it be.
From white collar to blue collar, the regression of civilisations caused by global warming.
1:14 that aged like fine wine  I'm glad he's fine and recovered now. I guess those are the perks of living in the farm where everything is peaceful and green
That narrator is James may isn’t it????????????????????
Can't wait for that!
0:28 IN THE PLUMBS
YES.
"unbelievable horse shit"-  summed it what the other guy said
justtt when i thought i was out (of amazon prime)  THEY PULLLL ME BACK IN......!!!!!!!
James May: as I made my point
This is gonna be amazing
I hope this isn’t like the farmkahna episode of TGT. I don’t mind scripted bits that are actually funny. I’m not having high hopes for this one but I really hope I’m wrong
Love this! Power!!!!!!!!!
Finally! Looking forward to this
I CAN'T WAIT!!!
I'd watch anything Jeremy Clarkson
I thought this was a joke at first. Hes allergic  to manual labor.
1:10  Except you did get it, and you are fine.  Show looks like it should be a lot of fun.
Just wow, i thought the tribe was already good but this this....
Super excited but , It's sad we won't be getting any HAMMOND YOU BLITHERING IDIOT!!
Wait, I thought officers don't work !
Yeah, kill TGT and make farm series. WP amazon
Havent looked forward to anything more in my life
"So how's this coming along?" "Well yup da blargle animals seeb uppa blargle yarp ubjub.  See whatta mean?" "Oh yeah, yeh".
Jeremy: Clarkson's Farm James: Our Man In & Oh Cook  What's next? Hammond's Motorbike Garage?
This is the moment we all have been waiting for
Whatever you three do, we will love it definitely  Just keep doing that and entertain us & keep The grand tour on & on  Love From 🇮🇳
Was pretty sure it was a joke when they hinted about some farm show on a DRIVETRIBE and was definitely not ready for this! Like fun though :)
If Clarkson can farm it shows: we truly decend from the ape 🦧
I swear i could watch him do anything and be intrested
Didn't he get Covid during the filming of this special?
Hi
I feel like not calling it "Jeremy Clarkson: I bought the farm" is a missed opportunity to gain A LOT of interest in this.
But didn't he say he thought about doing a show like this but then decided to make a proper show without things being staged or failing?
Comes out on my birthday lol
"Farming?! How hard can it be?"
0:14 Now that's a proper Lamborghini! Screw the Urus
I watched 50 seconds of this and laughed the whole time. This is gonna be brilliant.
ambitious but rubbish
Top gear was better
Big up the Diddly Squat Farm Shop💪🏼🤙🏼
1:47. That half second silence 😂
The magnitude of his genius knows no bounds..
Cant wait!!!
Clarkson's taking this working from home lark a bit far.
FINALLY! YESSS!
I’ve just realised how much Clarkson looks like a sheep
Clarkson living every man's dream: Have lots of money and a family, drive luxurious cars, retire on a farm and live out a (mostly) peaceful life.
Adam Sandler is Clarkson, comming 2021
Looks Really Funn XD :D
Can't wait for this!
should have been narated by james may missed oppotunity there. Still can't weight!
a show about Clarkson farm  YES
It is a pity, there will be no one to shout: "Hammond you idiot!" ...
I woke up early to get to work, I finally had a benefit for it.
What happened to the grand tour ? is it over ? everybody is doing his own show !!
Laughing so hard at just the trailer. Cannot wait
MORE POWER
Beef and Power!!!!
Yeah I Can't wait to See it
I was going to cancel my subscription this weekend!!!! You guys have 1 more month now.
Oh yeah...
Clarkson: “Forty-one”. May: “You can’t plow at 41 MPH....”
Wasn’t the series we asked for but the series we needed
Top Farm!
Clarkson always said that when it came to his humor the subject matter was secondary, he could make anything funny.
Very much looking forward to this. Will be good to have the baboon back on our screens 😁
Ha! This dropped to YouTube just as we were driving to the farm shop. Got our dinner, apple juice, fudge, tote and tea towel! 🤣🤣
BBC Topgear: How the FFFF..... do we compete with greatness??? TGT: Hire Clarkson, lol...
When is the next season of grand tour
Dang Clarkson got so bored during the pandemic that he started doing manual labour 🤣
Clarkson is Da King of farming
The best notification I have received in the year 2021, personally the solo clarkson content was the one I expected the most since James and richard's were great, clarckson's will be the best and I can't wait to see it❤️
1:44 :O
Cant wait
I just wanna see Jeremy being himself like the old days, just having a laugh
Hopes it’s better than last special
Best show ever, a true display of friendship
A Lamborghini tractor is so like Jeremy 😂😂😂
Jeremy Clarkson is the only boomer to reject global warming and we zoomers wont get angry
Dlaczego niedostępny w Polsce !!
Tonight on the Grand Tour: May in his Pub, Hammond on an island and Clarkson in his farm.
Is a sheep front wheel drive, or rear wheel drive
Yey <3
The most unproductive farmer... in the world...
Honestly, this looks good, but I cant wait for the grand tour to come back
Drop some shows already, you guys are the only reason most of us have Prime.
“Sometimes my genius is...it’s almost frightening”
What happened to the title 'I bought the farm'? I thought that was brilliant!
Awesome 👏 I can’t wait!!!!!
I love this.
Think I'll watch this
Ohhh yessss
Clarkson used to poke fun at farming programmes that aired alongside TopGear on BBC2. Now look what he's gone and done!
The sheep got Jeremy in the plums
Yeaah. This is gonna be fun ☺️👍🏻
Never thought I'd be looking forward to a farming show "this is some serious gourmet shit" 🤌🏻🤣
Wow so soon, not one every year like the one before lol
He'll probably use the hammer for everything.
Clarkson doing manual labour, we are one step closer to doomsday
Time to apply classic Clarkson genius and revolutionize farming.
Well this looks epic. I expected nothing less really.
Yes, it's all nice, but you can start making original music and not this generic awful music
I wonder If he will try to race tractors Possibly yes
Can't wait for the 'serene' country action ! And ofcourse, moments of 'Genius'
Who's narrating this, James May Jr.?
Hope this isn't over scripted like Hammonds series was.
May is starting to look more like a sheep every day
I can't wait to see it 😂😂
Clarkson simulation
Nobody likes manual labour, until it's the one they like...!
Looks fantastic. Can't wait.
gotta be honest, I'm a little bit hyped about that one.
So looking forward to this series!
Finally
I know Clarkson on the right but who is this guy on the left?
Out of the Trailer everyone knows that this is the best to watch in the evening during dinner or having a meet with friends :). Great decision
june has been saved!
No, Jeremy. No.
Can't wait
I thought he quit smoking for good...
pog
On tonight’s show....  I plant some seeds.... A pig escapes... And a tractor falls over
I can't wait to watch this show! I hope this is not going to end The Grand Tour though!
Where is the Hammer? To fix things :p
Against those torrential rains, you need to do cover crops, and no till. Otherwise you just get mud, and your soil goes out the river, into the ocean. Erosion is too strong. While when you have plants all the time on your soil, and don't destroy it with tilling machinery, it drains properly, just like in a forest.
Clarkson’s farm is coming in june and we dont know when the grand tour scotland special is coming 😭😭
That young farm hand seems like a great character
THE SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED!!
Can't wait for this!!
Getting Netflix ads in an Amazon show that is what you call talking from your competitor
cant wait for your show man certainly would get Amazon prime back even tho im broke as fck
This day just keeps getting better for me..
Comes out same day as Lupin, gonna be a busy day
There is only one brand of tractor that's suitable for him
Can't wait !
This is looking promising and unscripted like clarkson's old days
He can't understand hilly Billy. 😂
Clarkson Genius
Really looking forward to this, another episode of TGT, and May's second series of his travel show. It's the only reason I pay for Prime, really.
Looks the best of the three series by far
About time
I have got a choice, I can either go back to London, and resume my old life.." Immediately, yeah do that! Seems Jezza destroyed the farms too.
Our Lord and Saviour has returned.
Oh there is no way I am  MISSING this....!!!!!
If this is Clarkson's Farm, where's the Gay Clarkson?
Who'd have thought the grumpy old man who ran over a small patch of vegetables with a muscle car would run a show about him doing farm stuffs.
haha that actually looks like Jezza back to his old self. well done mate, looking forward to it
Fucking finally! And wasn't it supposed to be called 'I bought a farm' ?
THE ODDS OF THEM USING MY FAVORITE COUNTRY SONG WAS SO LOW AND IT WORKS SO WELL FOR THIS.
Less gooo
Top gear Ground Force back in action and ready to take the nation by storm!
😍😍😍😍
Great !!!! '👍👍👍👍😉👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
This looks amazing
What's worse is that James is narrating the trailer lmao
Orang Utan's Farm
First May in Japan, then Hammond on a small island and now Clarkson on a farm. What’s next, the Stig at Disneyland? 🤣
Some say, there's a hidden Stig in this show! But he's not the stig, he is the stig's grassland cousin!
No Hammond or May?
Farm simulator mods be like
Does that mean he is not coming back then?
This is good, but i want 4 seasons
Hammond & may better make guest apperances
It looks good I just hope that they put out more than one episode per year!
MEANWHILE
Clicked on this super fast!
More shows about Clarkson please, this guy is hard to be repeated.
Must be very good
I CANT WAIT
Will it be available in Hungary, or just in the UK?
so that explains why there is so much farm content on his Instagram page
I'll be there ^^
Always able to raise a smile and a laugh! In Aussie parlance 'onya Jezza!' 🤣
Excited 😄
CLARKSONNNNN !
This is going to be a complete disaster, although an entertaining one.
cant wait
I do hope we see him with his beard
This actually looks good better than last gt special
Didn't Clarkson actually contract Covid-19 last year?
FINALLY!!!!
2021 is not that bad anymore...
The three of them are iconic
Yeeeeeeeees
DAFAQ?!
I think May and Hammond should have participated in this. There would’ve been a fair amount of yelling and disagreement on how they should get around to solving issues. But even without them, this seems to be epic!
😂😂😂 a man who is allergic to manual labour will now farm what is this joke 😂😂
Jeremy: "I have a choice, either go back to London..." ; Expert: "Ya do that" ......sounds about right.
Going to definitely watch this. I’m so excited! 😁
Can't wait for him to shout "POWER!" while doing 5 in a tractor
Nice
Go back to London or....yea, do that. 😂🤣
Oh look the thumbnail have James may on it
I thought this was troll video but after way through it, I realized it was not.
It's the best farm in the...................world!
this will be amazing hahahaha
At first I was like is that James may talking
Powerrrrrr!!!!
This looks like it's going to be amazing!
Clarkson does hard work and a show about the climate change. Shit.. we all thought the last year was crazy 😂. Looks awesome 🥰
Cant wait for this
So excited
It’ll be cool !)
I love how all of jezza's solo shows have just been some form of "clarkson's _____" with the exception of his first show just named "clarkson"
will it be available in india
you've got to be kidding me 😂
Hey🙋‍♂️❤
This is Fuckin' Phenomenal!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Countdown started.
HOLY HELL! A YOUTUBE CLIP WITHOUT AN AD?????? What has the world become???
I hope it is as good as it looks..   Not the horrible show Hammond made.  That was just terrible.
Its all coming together. Clarkson farming, May cooking random stuff and Hammond Probably moving to the USA and attempting to buy NASCAR.
As a farmer i am so exited for this, one of my favourite people doing my favourite things
I will watch the cow‘s dung out of this.
Can't wait to see this
Now, I'm excited.
But how hard can it be?
❤️🇮🇶
I've never been so excited for a farm show
Clarksons girlfriend is a looker ay 👀
Is James May speaking?
So a new episode is coming...... Finally  But I am bit sad Hammond and May are not there to annoy him and destroy his things....
Looks fantastic Can’t wait
it aint much but its an honest job
can not wait!!!
Actually looks quite good lol, nice seeing Clarkson struggle for a change lol.
I'm confused, is this an episode of the Grand Tour, or its own series? (hopefully the latter!)
Lets goo 😍😍
Finallllyyy
I feel like this whole show is an elaborate prank by May and Hammond to get Clarkson to do manual labour
Coming up next, "James May's Pub"
Of the Lamborghinis he should own, that ain't it..
Yeeeeah
HYPE
back in old days clarkson would put c4 under a pebble to avoid picking up. now he is doing manual labor. world gone mad
Oh i know what i'm gonna to watch this summer!
Oh my god, I can't wait! Just a few days away!
"He can't mend cars, he can't mend a farm. Can he mend the heart and souls of this farming community?   No"
FINALLY!!!
any new content with our car boys. ANYTHING
Yeeeees
I don't really like the fact that he denies global warming.
Wow. Finally we have somthing...💙
:)
Буду верить что кто-то переведёт и озвучит это шоу
Let's see how his genius will help him in farming
Finally man!
Oh this is real entertainment 😆 The budget is his own actual money lost 😁 If he and Amazon haven't signed a special agreement, that is...
couldve done without the country music but damn im excited for this
YEEEEEEESSSSS FINALLY!!!! THIS MADE MY DAY!.🎆🎇✨
So hammond gets abandoned on an island  Clarkson is in charge of a farm  May???
finally jesus
Cannot wait for this!!!
It's been too long
I want May and Hammond's cameo
CLAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRKKKSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNN!!!!!!!!
Clarkson punching his cattle over cold milk when?
This gave some smikes mate
👍👍👍
SMUG FACE!
Yes!
I didn't expect that.
"I've got a choice, and I can either go back to London..."  "Yeah do that."
And he's back 😎. Finally something good during the pandemic
oh my god I can't wait
"This is global warming, and you race about your whole life in vehicles"  "Unbelievable horseshit"  Still Jeremy.
"I've got a choice, and I can either go back to London..."  "Yeah do that."
Finally!!! The end of global hunger is coming
Has to be AMAIZING
Brilliant
Oh yesssss, I’m so Excited!!
Yes 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 i cant wait to see this
Lovely, perfect even...
Well I guess I have to subscribe to Amazon prime again because this looks awesome!
this is slowly becoming a reality show
1:54 that guy looked like may
I love it 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
It feels like they've been filming this forever thankfully it's finnally here!,
Cannot Wait!
YES
Ah yes his brilliance will be on full display. I can't freaking wait lol
More shows about Clarkson please, this man is hard to be repeated.
"This is global warming, and you race about your whole life in vehicles"  "Unbelievable horseshit"  Still Jeremy.
the name couldn’t have been more creative
Oh how I have missed my 3 men... oh its just Clarkson.... I'll still take it! 😍 *this better be available to view in Australia to!*
petrolhead to a farmer , let's go
I think Amazon realizes that one of the best decisions is to keep the fenomenal trio, because people, myself included, only got Amazon Prime to see them
for people who make compilations, get ready to make some 40 minutes compilations because this is going to be good
Here I give you the intelligence and brilliance
"Yeeessssss"
Finally!
CLAAARKSONNNNN!!!!!!
Hell yeah! Let’s bring the boys back together
IM GONNA FEED YOU TO YOU OWN MACHINE
My Farm...It's Almost Frightening!!!
Clarkson you infantile pillock, you became what you swore never to become, I LOVE IT!
These are the best crops...pause...in the world
Yeah baby
Been waiting for this for a minute.🔥🔥😭
The better things in life
LET'S GO
Was just watching the Georgia special when this popped up.
The best farm ... [pause] ... in the world.
FUCK YEAH
Ahah
THIS TOOK FOREVER!
this is going to be amazing omg
A spin-off from diddly squat farm shop
FINALLLLLY!! I'M SO EXCITED!!!
Brilliance is here
Maaaaaa maaaan on the woods
James May fits to farm but ok lol
The best thing to happen during the pandemic
FINNALLY SOME CLARKSON
First
What could possibly go wrong….
Clarkson doing manual labour? We really are in a simulation
FINNALLY SOMETHING
My god, this looks phenomenal!
Sheeesh
Finally
Let's go????!!!
Hi
HERE WE GO FINALLY
2nd
