So proud of the FBI and DOJ for not letting any of the magat traitor coup attemping trash slip by. Lock them up!
What about Nancy Pelosi inside trading
Arrest all these trump. Rioters
go FBI
And trump road off with all their money into the Mar A Largo sunset scot free of all charges. Damn! Criminal and felony records follow a person for decades and their family members too. Feel so bad for the innocent children of the parents who did this.
All of these rats are going down with the ship, it's just a matter of time
Y Trump ya los olvido .el esta en su mundo de felicidad y sus seguidores en la cárcel o de prófugos ..nadie sabe para quien trabaja....
I hope those not yet apprehended sleep with one eye open
What a bunch of losers!!! Call tRUMP !!! Oh no. tRUMP is in criminal peril himself!!!😆😆😆😆
"live free or die"    we took a vote - guess which option you're getting?
61 - that would put your release from federal custody some time after ... your death    -   smart move asshole
disgusting trash
Arrest, trial, conviction, prison. NEXT!!!
Every time I see one of these domestic terrorists, I keep thinking of the Scarecrow in The Wizard of Oz tap dancing and singing, "If I only had a brain!" <insert music: toot toot ta toodle doo>
Throw the key away.
The unknown liquid substance is probably watermelon juice.
Said he was calm and polite in front of the judge lol
They doint belong out of jail wath civilized people
True facts-- 98.6 % of trailer park residents are Trumpers and 97.6 % of Trumpers are below average intelligence.
I’m so glad they are nailing all of these people that
This fascist terrorist attackers capital should realize that our constitution is not going to protect them for  fascist violent criminal  Behavior.....
All the rioters (inside) the capital should have there gun rights taken away
I wonder if he is related to Frank
I hope Trump will take care of them.
Thomas Gallagher how stupid are you?  What did you actually think you would accomplish by storming the capital?  No matter how calm you are now, you have shown who you really are, you do not appreciate the free life America has given you and you do not belong among us.  Jail is where you belong and jail is where you are going.
When are they going to arrest Hillary Clinton for her inciting riots? . The day Hillary Clinton lost to Trump the Washington Post ran the headline "The Impeachment Has Begun" because ever since Eisenhower, Democrats have tried to overthrow every Republican President. That's why Hillary Clinton led the banner "Not My President" and incited everyone to 'FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT to overthrow the will and the vote of the american people - the same will and vote of the american people she told Trump to honour if he lost.
many many years from now this man will appear in the news again   "a New Hampsire man who took part in the 2021 capitol riot died in federal custody today , no family members arrived to claim the body."        hope it was worth it asshole
Arrest all these disgracful TERRORIST!!  And to imagine these fake patriot animals could be around us??? And I thought North Korea was bad??????
😂  LOCK THEM UP!
The worst of the worst were there January 6, All Terrorists! There's nothing Patriotic about it.
This was a deadly and violent armed insurrection against the U.S. Capitol and an unsuccessful and unprecedented coup attempt against the United States of America that threatened the lives of the Vice President, the Speaker of the House, and other members of Congress and that resulted in the deaths of eight people, including three Capital Police officers, as well as the hospitalization of more than 60 officers with serious injuries, including lost eyes and cracked ribs.
From encyclopedia under Riot: “There must be at least three offending actors. The wrongdoers must be engaged in some private purpose and not in any attempt to overthrow or subvert the government, which is treason. … No distinction is made between the relative degrees of violence on the part of the rioters [still less of insurrectionists]; all the participants are responsible for all that takes place.” This is just a special case of the "felony murder rule." Every one of them should be prosecuted for the murder of Brian Sicknik, as well as assaulting other Capitol Police officers.
They should not have knocked on his door!  Don’t you enter by knocking it down!
He's done.
Enjoy jail..... idiots.
PUT BEHIND BARS THE TERRORISTS
Those trespassers were NOT wrongly accused.  They went there prepared to do damage.  They brought weapons with them. It was all premeditated for weeks.  They were there to do Trumps bidding.  They deserve to be prosecuted along with their leader, TRUMP.
This is fucking hilarious, you’ve got to admit it, what an absolute shower
No bail, let them get used to being behind bars
Lock him up lock him up
Take'em straight to jail 👮🏽‍♀️!
Does anyone know whether the traitor that was beating the police officer with the flag was arrested?
At capital acting like a animal......after arrest, acting like a upstanding citizen.....SMH!!
Wait till you see what they serve you in jail..
Persons who have been convicted of a “crime punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year,” as defined by 18 U.S.C. § 921(a)(20), are prohibited from receiving or possessing firearms under Federal law, 18 U.S.C. § 922(g)(1). So, homeys, kiss your little wee wee substitute bye bye if you get caught. The only thing you will get to incite is an erection in the prosecution team.
I would never fall for something that completely destroyed my life and the people that got me to fall for it *skated* away. These poor fools are going to federal prison, good luck trying to get a job. I feel bad for them because Trump doesn’t care. Just like the girl that owns a vegan bakery shop in Seattle doesn’t really care when she said to set a court house on fire. Poor fools on both sides.
I have yet to hear one person get at the least an obstruction of justice charge. Local police hand this charge out like fortune cookies at a Chinese’s restraunt. These Capital riot charges have been mostly light hits on the wrist. At least what I’ve seen on the daily “local man/woman arrested for Capital Insurrection” news.
Lock them up to the fullest extent of the law
Lock them up.  Lock them up. Lock them up...........
Hold them all accountable and put em all in jail
But Trump is going to pay all of their legal fees, right? ...Not!
Oh these horrible treasonists must be held accountable for their actions. Gullible, mindless, ugly, angry terrorists.
A lot of hefty jail terms to be handed out. The department of corrections is gonna be busy with this new influx of inmates.
It seems like the FBI is doing a good job tracking down the rioters.
I've watched so many of these Trump supporters getting arrested videos lol. You love to see it.
I would love to see how tough they are when they go to prison
I’m glad they are losing there jobs to good
Good get all those traders
They need to start calling them by what they are...terrorist!
Ain't too smart are ya...Give them 6 months to liquidate their assets then force them to leave the country never to return
They're all terrorist It's shameful and all shall be prosecuted.
A whole new world 😅🌍
Round them all up. Lock them all up.
👌yea that's my name, Ask me again and I will tell you the same.
Wow!! All of a sudden our justice system works!! And our citizens grow a conscious & care about people's lives & the destruction of property!!! Give me a break..... Where the f were you all the past 7 months when billions of businesses were destroyed, hundreds of people were injured, 42 people were killed (including children) ....& several federal buildings were attacked & vandalized (including the Capitol!!) Hypocrites!
Where is all the energy he had storming the Capital?!!! Get these thugs off the streets
Awesomeness!!! 🥳👌
They're all idiots. And now Trump has no use for them.
YOU CAN RUN...BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE. CONSEQUENCES FOR YOUR ACTIONS.
Another one bites the dust - the Trump dust !!
More perp walks!!!! Lock those terrorists up. Conspiracy charges coming down for Oathkeepers and other terrorist groups.
People died during his criminal spree, he should be charged with murder and all who took part should be charged with murder
Lets charge all the Portland rioters!
Steve Bannon was pardoned for fleecing IQ45s sheep. IQ45s sheep got nothing for doing his bidding. Poetic Justice, HA!😂
Prison...lost citizenship
Community service for life: shock collar on/gps for monitoring if they aren’t given a rope for treason
TRAITOR!!
Those Damn Gallagher's... aka (Shameless). 😏😂😂🤣😂🤣😂 Another one Bites the Dust Hey Hey Heyyyyy! I'm really starting to like this song! 🚔🚔🚔🚔🚔🚔😏🎼🎶🎵🎼🎵🎼
GREAT NEWS‼️
The only way for these stupid people to get out is to go back to the their  mother's womb.  The act of one is the act of all.
These confederate Hillbillies are just tools activated by trump. He needs to face the justice for inciting the violence. This has nothing to do with tearing up this country. Justice needs to be served unconditionally. There is always the option to pardon him after conviction.
These reports never get old. Lock em up!
Keep locking them up!!!
The FBI are moving right along. I'm happy to hear that they are receiving thousands of tips.  This is a reprehensible attack on democracy and we have to face it and deal with it. Hopefully it is never repeated.
Why aren't these people being charged as traitors and domestic terrorists?  There is a huge difference between the 1st Amendment right to demonstrate peacefully against the government or its policies, AND attempting to stage a coup d'état on the federal U.S. government whilst threatening death to legit members of Congress etc. .   In the past,  people were executed for treason on far less evidence than these idiots themselves provided of how involved they were.  From the objective distance of a non-American viewer, this seems one of the most cut & dry series of orchestrated terrorist activities that one could find.  They must be made examples of or duly elected government reps will have to live in constant fear for their safety.
arrest, arrest, why do you not arrest the crime FBI and the crime drug cartell biden
Nazi Trump Cultism...Trump should get arrested first..Why his followers? Why that psycho is not accounted for?
Great News! When found guilty, he should face the very same penalty trump wanted for other proven criminals - toxic chemicals or firing squad. Poetic justice, is the best kinda justice.
Why are these criminals being released on their own?!?  If they were black or of color, they’d still be in jail !
The bumpiest ride you can get is on the Trump bus. The Donald just keeps on throwing folks under it.  Ask Mike Pence!
i'm happy that the donald is picking up this patriot's attorney fees. god bless you, little donnie.
How come they are not charging them with assault?
Can't understand how they thought for a minute? They could of got away with the destruction and deaths they caused..wheres the responsible orange bitch.. He gone and hopefully not for long. His day is coming and I pray they prosecute him. He should be accountable for the deaths and destruction..I thank the FBI and law enforcement for such a great job..
Well you know he’s a good guy just wanted to see what was going on!! Bullshit he knew what he was going to do so now that he is found out let him pay for his actions he is a big boy now
🤣🤣🤣
I am happy to see the FBI doing their job! . They were not corrupted by Trump's need for loyalty.
🇺🇸🇺🇸WELCOME BIDEN / HARRIS🇺🇸🇺🇸
Lock up all those rioters for attempting a coup including all GOP senators involved like Ted and Hawley.
The charges are paltry. Surely they should be in prison !
I am in disbelief that all the law enforcement agencies in the "greatest country in the world", failed to prevent this treasonous crime.
MAGA = Morons Are Getting Arrested.
It’s really funny Kamala Harris better tell her supporters election is over there still looting and destroying businesses you let out a dangerous dangerous group and they don’t believe in no government this will come back and bite you seriously it already happened on inauguration day I wonder if they know Kamala Harris isn’t going to bail them out this time
This is not news. To bad you don’t go after Antifa and BLM for their crimes save you bull shit hypocrisy
Good  neighbor yeah  right
Love that old man at the end.
to hear from the people arrested nobody was there, nobody attacked the police, nobody went inside.
MAGA=MY ASS GOT ARRESTED!!!
Red: Dumbass!!!
Entitled Red patriots & Double standard RACISM in the DOJ.
This is what happens to people who drink Trump kool-aid. While Trump live lavish. Lmao.   A special  tribute to Alex Trebek.  Me: "More Arrest" For $2021 Alex please!
Selling of the assets of the insurrectionists from Trump down would sure help pay towards the compensatory loss the innocents suffered
Hang em all
Arrest and zero convictions or jail time guaranteed
The old guy was right; it was disgraceful.
Nice Nisson he drives: Proud American, America First. LOL
Prisons are full of people serving long sentences that have had much less impact on society than this appallingly gullible and misinformed group of terrorists. They need to be held accountable and pay their dues so that the ‘real patriots’ and good citizens of this country can heal and move forward into a positive, productive and just future.
Gitmo
Man the FBI has it going on, they're  catching these people left and right
Locate them all. Prove their guilt in a court of law. Throw the book at them. And then the library, brick by brick...
LOCK THEM UP. Traitors. Sedition and treason. Five Americans died because of their mob behavior. No pity for them. They deserve prison. They may think they are patriots. They are not. They are traitors to our country. Let them move to Russia.
🎯🚮💩🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🤜🤛
Orange jumpsuits for them all.
Why are these traitors being set free on bond?
These terrorists get charged with lowly misdemeanors and then can walk free.  That is disgraceful too.
time to grow up and leave your white grievance in the trash where it belongs
Note to insurrectionists: you cannot stage a coup in America. This isn't Cuba.
What makes these people think that they can make death threats to members of congress and not get arrested? They listened to their leader but they're the ones losing jobs, businesses, custody of children and their freedom.
Witchhunt continue...
Good
Trump traitor
Is America Great Again now that you’ve thrown things at a police officer because Donald “law and order” Trump told you to? Idiot.
How is he out?
Sounds like Gang Charges
Even the language CBS using to describe everything is different
they all receiving misdemeanours if they was black it would of been assault on a police, exciting a riot & all kinds ish...this is Systematic RACISM at its Best
Just asking where is everybody that was burning down all the cities Last Summer
Nice that the news put the license plate of his truck onscreen.
Every  one of them had better do some real time. If they just get their wrists slapped, it will get much worse the next time. Why worry about being arrested? If they don't do any time? These charges are a joke, why not just give them a ticket for illegally being in the area? The biggest problem I see is, they don't think they did ANYTHING wrong? How can they be so at ease with being a terrorist?
What is up with these ppl wearing plaid shirts????
Yes, arrest all of them. They were acting like animals and very violent.
Leaving fucking court!?? Why??😠😠😷
Remember the law enacted at the blm. That's 10 years if they damage government institution building's.  Lets see what happens with treason?.
LOCK THEM UP!
Why did these "patriots" go to DC?  To "protest" what?  A "steal" that never happened, but was continuously lied about by the GOP?  You lost fair and square.  "Get over it"!!
lol @ these idiots. I bet they're waiting for a Trump pardon.
its on !  civil war is on     never no unity    and then watch the blood flow into the streets  people are going to get there revenge and overturn this fraud then persecute  the treasonous  bastards with ropes.and firing squads.
Criminal thugs, Trump used them like puppets🙄
"Live free or die", Junior
How they like Trump now? He didn’t even march with them! 😂😂😂
please please let me know when you arrest the coward on :18 that comes behind that CP officer and pushes him/her to the other side of that wall landing upside down, hopefully not on their head!
Domestic terrorists. I really hope they all go to prison.
Great news round up the cowards...traitors all of them.
They’re all so tough till caught...  then they’re the true snowflakes they try to portray onto others
Ha...  keep him locked up forever
Lock Them Up.
Trump accepting the nomination at the RNC in 2016: Law and Order Trump “supporters” at the capital: Lawless and without order. Trump afterwards: Declares they are not his supporters. Reiterates that the law must be followed. Rioting Trump “supporters”: *surprised  Pikachu face*
What about Seattle, Portland, Milwaukee, NYC.  Bridgewater is up the road from me.  I see you interviewed the town drunk also.
SMILE!  We need a good photo of you for Prison Grinder...
20 years, lock all of them up
TREASON lock him up in a super-max prison
PLEASE ....KEEP AN EYE ON THE JUDGES THAT TAKING THIS CASES
LOCAL TERRORISTS    so 😞 sorry.... THEY ALL HAVE A REAL BIG PROBLEM
📞 📞 call TRUMP......
Why arent these people staying in jail.
The deaths that happened was due to corrupt DC police.  Also, this makes it oddly convenient for S.S., er...i mean FBI, to round up political dissidents all over the nation.  Welcome to the New World Dictatorship.
Don't forget the MAGA women it was more 1...
They all pretend they were fighting for Jesus or "The Chosen One". To see how true it is just write their Fuhrer's name in its original German form and count the letters to end up with the number of the Beast:   DONALD= 6,  JOHANN=6, DRUMPF=6 ----> 666.  That is the false prophet (Anti-Christ) who would fool the simpletons! "Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is 666." (Revelation 13:15–18). On other hand, a fragment of the earliest papyrus 115 gives the number as 616:    DONALD=6,  J.=1, DRUMPF=6.--> 616
My fond hope will be that all the Americans who would attempt a violent insurrection and treason against their own elected representatives be charged with multiple federal crimes and that the judges responsible for sentencing them run all sentences consecutive rather than concurrent.A good ten years per man/woman should give them sufficient time to learn the error of their ways as well as learning the consequences of supporting the most disgusting president this country has ever had to endure.
Riot?  Let's call it what it exactly was: an attempted fascist coup by ultra-right violent elements along with simpletons who were duped by a draft dodger con artist and associates to think storming our temple of democracy is a "democratic people revolution!!!  The preplanned plot of the attempted coup  is obvious by now: the mobs were carrying handcuffs to take the lawmakers hostage, while others were carrying arms and threatening to kill those who were doing their democratic job according to our great Constitution ("We're to hang Pence!"/ "We're coming for Pelosy!"). Meanwhile the National Guard was blocked by Trump, and was only deployed after Pence ordered its deployment.  In fact if the mobs succeeded to arrest or kill the law makers, Trump was to announce emergency situation and then enter the arena along with the Guard and military. If so, that was the end of our democracy and official declaration of fascism with its dire violent consequences. The act was like the American version of Hitler's attempted coup plus the burning of Reichtag by the fascist agents who then blamed antifa (=anti-fascists) for it!!
Trump told his mob (during his rally) to gather in great mumbers and in his name go to the Capitol in violence and he will pardon them all.   On 1/19/21 he is pardoning everyone of them, himself, his rioters, the senators, the congressman, his kids.  Words out, trump now praises himself above Moses, on equal turf with Jesus and will be having a one on one with God early next week!   *He professes all this while remaining a heathen.*
I didn’t hear assault on an officer, which should be one of the charges.
Lock them up
All Republicans are filthy traitors. The treason party. If you are Republican, you need to go. Seriously.
These old dogs acting like they are  reliving the twilight zone that they missed out on. JUST IGNORANT!
At least he didn’t burn down any businesses like the rioters did during the summer riots
Only time will tell if this guys are heroes ore traitors, Just remember how the government saw the founders of this nation when it started.  just wait two years and will know what the people think in the mid term elections.
They were so loud in DC & online and look at them now.. quiet as church mice.  Clowns!
Get them boys!!!
I like how all the Democrats are like “How can you support Trump, he’s a liar” Hello fellow Americans, all politicians are crooked. Thanks for playing, oops I mean paying
Betting he wasn't the only one from NH
People have nothing to do with their time, but get on social media and lap up all the lies.
CBS Boston's doxing report. SHAME SHAME SHAME Over 200k people there for the rally and about 200 or .1% actually committed violence or destroyed property. It would seem Trump did not do a very good job inciting violence or insurrection if so few participated. Many videos are showing capital police inside the building letting individuals into chambers and not offering any resistance. This was a bad situation being made to be something it wasn't..
F..king Gallagher's
All because the worst President ever doesn’t believe that he lost the election. We will defend the United States against these traitors.
really you arrest every one that was in Capitol  ,,, but you cant find blm antifa as they burned and looted city,,, millions in damages ,,,thats new justice under damorats ,,, say nothing do nothing or we will arrest you  freedom is gone we the people have no rights or voice ,,, only damorats blm antifa are above the law  ,,,,
Too bad the Democrats didn't go after the BLM and ANTIFA groups that committed murdered, arson, assaults, damage etc this past year
They think like Trump... maybe if I lie about being there enough times despite the evidence  .. it will be the Truth and believable.. lol 😆..
I am so glad that people are being held accountable for their crimes at the capital
Murder, when crime meets death \-_-/
Every last seditious Trumper must be charged, tried, and sent to prison. Send em to Gitmo like the terrorists that they are.
Serves this piece of garbage
Good, lock him down.
"President Trump. I just want to say Thank You for the last four years. Thank you for making it cool to be an American again. Thank you for showing us that we don’t need to be under China’s thumb anymore economically, or any other way. Thank you for one of the strongest economies we’ve ever experienced in my lifetime. Thank you for all you have done for the minority communities, and the outstanding decrease in the unemployment rate you had. Thank you for making it feel good to love our country and to be a proud patriot again. Thank you for supporting our Nation's flag and the men and women who fought for the freedom that stands behind that flag. Thank you for supporting our nation's law enforcement organizations, and understanding how difficult their job really is. Thank you for quelling the flood of illegal immigration, and bringing to justice the thousands of criminals that flood brought us. Thank you for giving corporations a reason to come back to America to make our own products and put Americans back to work. Thank you for bringing our troops home from endless deployments that presented us with little more than body bags; and for your commitment to strengthen our military. Thank you for operation warp speed and keeping your promise to bring the Covid 19 vaccine to us in less than a year. Thank you for your never-ending attempts at bringing peace to the Middle East and your support for Israel. Thank you for your Tax relief, and thank you for our energy independence. Most of all though... THANK YOU for taking a damn rotten job that you never had to take. Thank You for caring enough for this country to want to try and make a difference. Thank you for showing America how little Career Politicians actually work for their constituents; and for showing us how much those politicians despise you for showing America how easy it is to build a great nation, rather than rape her to line their own pockets and stock portfolios. Thank You for allowing us to experience a President that wasn’t a lifelong politician, but a lifelong American. THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT. YOU ARE OUR BEST."
OUT these terrorists!!!!
Idiots and cowards and brain washed.
Thanks for publishing the pic of unlawful activity, now please be consistent and continue publishing the photos of criminal acts such as looting a Target, or burning down businesses or blocking roadways and assaulting motorists that simply want to pass through an illegal roadblock.  No doubt the hypocrisy of the democratic leaning media will let us down and not help bring criminals to justice in the future if they’re part of BLM or antifa.
new phrase    moral turpitude    1: an act or behavior that gravely violates the sentiment or accepted standard of the community 2: a quality of dishonesty or other immorality that is determined by a court to be present in the commission of a criminal offensea crime involving
Lock them all up. Unpatriotic. Take away their citizenship send them to North Korea. See if they can learn to appreciate what we have in the USA. Shame on all of them.
All of this because they believed a lying president and stupid conspiracies.
One new arrest every 2 hours. Keep uploading. Pure entertainment!
No comment. Not so noisy now that you’re busted. Now begins the community shaming, then the legal consequences and hopefully prison time.😆
Believe in fake news?                                Become real news.
Wow, lots of hillbillies going to jail.
Yes.
Great, they all should be lucked up in federal prison.
Gotta wonder what there spouses think know. Did they encourage them to go there happily or our they ashamed and angry that it gotta out of hand and now they pay the price too. High power attorneys and charges.
Stupid, stupid, stupid people. One stupid will not do. Arrest them ALL!
Good!
He is a loser put him in jail for life
Notice now that everyone leaving the courthouse is wearing  a mask unlike their demeanor on jan 6th
All are accessory to murder!!
Lock him up
So we’re a year or two away from retirement. Maybe downsize, but a condo by the beach...nah go crazy in a Trump riot and spend the next 20 years in prison.
Sure would have been great this past year if the FBI would have stepped in doing all them riots before these states in cities got burnt to the ground and all these City buildings got burnt down all businesses got burnt down and lots of people died well there was nothing done about that and funny to this day there's still no arrest
FBI putting in the work on these fake patriots.
Let Trump pay his seditious supporters their legal fees😂
These people should be scared because the long arm of the law will get them in due time.
Daddy issues - ?
It wasn't a riot ... it was a seditious insurrection. Those people intended to try and use force to overturn the election results.
If you hurl an empty fire extinguisher into a crowd, that's attempted murder. That fire extinguisher didn't accidentally "slip" out of his hands, he INTENTIONALLY hurled it at the officers' heads with the INTENT to harm one or more law enforcement officers.   There is no place in civil society for people like this: no place.   These terrorists better be glad I'm not their judge.
Lock Them Up!!! Lock Them Up!!!!
The neighbor @ 1:21 is acting the fool, his face says he knew some shit was going down.
Don't come back now, ya hear?
Great stuff jail them all
Why aren't they bring charged with murder?
Soon to be fellon, lol.
🙌🏾
All these fools will soon learn what most New Yorkers have known for decades that Trump is a con man always recruiting new unsuspected suckers.
a lifetime felony record BRAVO 👏🏾  keep’em coming.           who’s next
There should be a few thousands arrest before this is said and done.  These are low hanging fruit.  Have the guts and go after ALL the instigators.
Lock him up!
Feel sorry for this people that got brainwashed by a person who only cares about himself.
All these SO-CALLED “patriots” should spend a long prison sentence along with having all of their property sold at auction for restitution for damages to those killed or injured as  by well as Repairs to the Capital! This bull about “I was answering my presidents calls for help and/or I didn’t know this would happen” 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 Throw the book at them!! The government and ALL its buildings and properties belong to ALL Americans not just the ignorant, arrogant and selfish ones! The nerve of these Jerks!! YOU PAY FOR YOUR DAMAGES!!
Wasnt this the wrong guy?.
Ohh the joy i feel each time i see someone arrested who participated in the riots 😂👍🏼
He looks like relic from the beachcombers
But he was so calm and polite!🤦‍♂️ Give me a fucking break. Is this really how we’re gonna be reporting on the terrorists who attacked our capitol?
Glad you ruined the rest of your miserable life for a guy that demonized you to try to save his own skin?
Horrible behavior!
i love these videos!!!!
Trump and his minions have ruined the Republican party. Reagan would be appalled.
They are all nice and polite now. That doesn't seem to be the real them however.
Get them all
20 years in federal prison. You'll be sprayed by substances in prison.
Keep looking for them and prosecute all of them to the full extent!
Can you losers spell T R A I T O R
YES FBI MAKE US PROUD
They need to send all of these trump terds to gitmo!!
It's very satisfying to watch these far-flung cretins get arrested.
These MAGA heads getting arrested seem to be mostly Old White Dudes. Am I wrong?
Every single person that participated in the Capitol riots were white.  Every. single. one.  We so love our star wars.  One little note about star wars.  NONE of the Evil Emperors troops were of a different beings.  Not. a. one.  YET on the resistances side????   Tell ya something?   So Yeah I'll fight with the determined versatile group and against storm troopers any day of the week.  Darth Vader has fallen, but the emperor still seeks power through these people along with graham and others.
Actions have consequences. No one is above the law. #Hindsight is 2020.
He got to leave? What was his bail?
👏Hunt down every single one of these radicalized seditious insurrectionists; prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law and jail them for a very long time!⚖️🇺🇸
Not feeling so loud mouthed anymore, huh?
They’re all heroes in their own minds until the FBI comes knocking. Hang em’ high.
Like I said before, traitors are ONLY heroes when THEIR side WIN!
Hell yeah get them all
The guy that threw the fire extinguisher should be charged with murder...
It is disgraceful! They are terrorists! They will serve a tough jail time!
They should’ve set it on fire
He's a traitor and seditionist.
They have manners in front of Federal judge. Domestic terrorists live among us. Federal prison for all that breached the capital building or better yet hold as enemy combatents against the United States of America indefinitely. Take away their fire arms and voting rights for life.
Lol tough guy not so tough now.Very weak minded people.If you have to follow a crowd you are weak. Ignorance at its best...Then Trump throws them under the bus to funny..
these culprits are called "suspects" these culprits are charged with "trespassing" rather than sedition and attempted murder these culprits are likely protected from justice by trumpist infiltration of FBI, police and other govt. agencies  weed out the bad apples before its too late
What a lovely elderly gentleman questioning why the guy would believe Trump!!! Agreed. Trump is a born Liar.
GOOD! lock tho maga cult away. They shout “blue lives matter” and then kill cops in the next breath. Those who were carrying the flag of the United States’ worst enemy in history deserve even worse punishment, possibly even exile. That flag has no place in this country. That country divided the United, held to the idea of oppressing others and counting them as property instead of equal humans, they killed Americans, and they lost. The flag of the confederacy fell. And those pricks need to get over it, or get out of this country.
They ranted about 4 dying at Benghazi, & now they’ve got 5 dead from their own doing.
https://youtu.be/YCXon0g3ebs
LOCK HIM UP! and throw away the key!!
That neighbor seems like he might have gone too
When they erected the gallows at the Capitol, do you think it was projection?
The last time we caught terrorists we send them to cages in Gitmo.  Just sayin'
I wonder how many years they’ll get, or maybe just a fine and a three year probation because you know 🤍 🙄
Those who moved the Capitol were white supremacists  KKK   rscists, islamophobics. Not real Republicans.
And the most disturbing part, some people still believe him
Another Trumpie fool!  Seditionists!
So let's say they seized the capital, what were the going to do next, tell representatives to leave and they run the country? Sad thing, all these supporters participated in an insurrection based on a lie, a lie. Unbelievable
After 4 years of nonstop every craziness from the right this videos of these morons being arrested does bring a smile to my face. It's the icing on the cake now that trump is on his way out.
There were thousands of people involved. Catching one a day will take decades. Stop pretending like you're doing something. Stop pretending like it's difficult to identify unmasked people recorded on hi def cameras all over the capitol. The FBI already said they notified white supremacist before the coup attempt and told them not to come to WADC.
They are a disgrace to society
61 years old and heading to prison . Wow 😯
i find myself taking strange pleasure in these videos of treasonous thugs getting arrested but it still not enough, how are some getting actually released is beyond me, i mean c’mon we know if they were of color the key’d be thrown away. such sickening white privilege
These people want trump to pardon them, well they only have two days left, 😂
Why are these terrorists allowed out on bail?
"No comment" now but he was all mouth in the Capitol.
"No Comment"  Funny when all Trump supporters do is complain about being silenced. True Cowards
The neighbors answering oh no I'm surprised that guy was probably bragging to everyone about going to the capital before
And they will forever be known as traders.  Should have listened to Michael Cohen.
Bye Felicia.
why is your stupid reporter wearing a mask when no one is around..
Collect them like the terrorist traitors they are!
Accountability and  Reconciliation! End the tribalism! We are all in this together, in the United States AND the world! Our Lord God and Savior Jesus Christ is in control, physical life is short. Stay well friends, Peace and Love!
Trump cultist realizing the trouble they got themselves into.  Hahaha.
I didn't realize that you could storm the capital and bond out.
No sympathy!!
I'm from New Hampshire and I got to tell you those people up there are batshit motherfuking crazy they want nothing better than to overthrow the US government all you have to do is walk into the coffee shops where they are sitting and you can hear their spiel
Why are all the arrest..everybody is shown leaving jail???
They should be  charged  as terrorist too
Let them all rot in jail
Good !!! Get all them traitors !!!
I saw a trailhead kiosk in the video. Should have gone winter hiking instead.
Real smart guy calling in death threats to congressmen.
You Trumptards better hide they comin for ya
Their real excuse here, and why these dangerous idiots who engaged in serious criminal activity will probably end up doing very little time, is that they are White. It allows you to use the 'Goofball Defense'. Kind of similar to having Monopoly's "Get Out Of Jail Free" card. Even for these self proclaimed Insurrectionists, it probably means a low-key release in a few years. And this world is pretty good at giving us one new crisis after another, and we'll eventually forget about them... And then there's Covid, which doesn't show much signs of abating. If I was taking a bet on this, giving a year or so for the trials to happen, I'd be willing to say that five years from now over 90 percent of these people charged with anything, will not be in any kind of prison or jail.
Ha ha
Another loser whose mommy had to come pick him up from jail, back to mommy’s basement you go 👋👋
Gutless coward attacking from behind and then running off.
Find and arrest Antifa/BLM equally, for months of riots, burning looting, occupying CHAZ, vandalism of a courthouse and federal buildings in Pa., shining lasers in federal officers eyes and permanent blinding some, tearing down statues and blocking traffic, ripping people out of cars and beating them near death. FBI shows it is slow to act in these cases, but are quickly going after all Trump supporters, shows a double standard and will cause a civil war. Maybe we should be like Abraham Lincoln, malicious towards none. Let’s heal and stop with labels or a horror you can’t imagine, brother against brother, neighbors against neighbor. It is a sad day in America when national guard is authorized to use lethal force at the capital, but the US army needs permission to shoot back at ISIS in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria.
Are the Feds saving "conspiracy" charges for court surprises???? Conspiracy on a Federal level will make the other charges look like a speeding ticket in the Indy 500.
maybe he find the love of Jesus in jail....good chance half the inmates are named Jesus
Put them away for a long time no money from government taxpayers money get all of them now
U all are sheep
But... Trump said...
When you discover the rule of law you so love to govern the behavior of others also applies to you too...
NH is a beautiful state but its loaded with Trumptards. Lock him up.
Surely this was an occasion that demanded lethal force be used without prior warning.
MAGATS.
These people are patriots? Trump did say he loves the poorly educated..maybe he will pardon them ..knowing what a scumbag he is he probably will.
Should charge every single person present at or on Capitol grounds during the siege EVERYONE OF THEM! Charge them all to the fullest
These thugs need to get convicted and put in prison.
How much money will Biden throw at Iran?
lol am i supposed to be sad
Oh well That emotional moment has gotten them a charge.  Actions=consequences
I hope they feel ashamed of what they did
It was watchable until you had a guy say the people where  there because they (believe Trump). Channel Blocked. 🚫
No matter your political views, whether someone claims to be a Trump/republican supporter or a Biden/democrat. If you break the fucking law you should be punished. I get it.
They have no where to run and hide take them down and lock them up all, and punish them the way what they done cheer cheer From God side,
That’s good arrests them all no body above the law
Death threats to Congresspeople should be a Federal offense also.
Ayo NH ! Rep the set free my dawg
White privilege at its finest.malcom x warned chickens coming home to roost
They were just following orders! Sound familiar??
OK!!!
Haha, they were there supporting Trump, and Trump now does not give a crap about them. He threw them under the bus in his last interview.
String 'em up.
Yes!!! Lock these terrorists up. In my small city a director of a senior center had the nerve to get interviewed on t.v. news. He went to D.C. and was in that violent activity. Last night the news posted that he resigned from his job. These idiots are now losing jobs, reputation and they have get attorneys.  I don't see trump bail them out like he said he would. Bunch of racist dumb fools.
Another loser.
But they allowed Antifa to claim streets for how long and did nothing about it? Correct me if I’m wrong 🤔
0:08.., we are told that that officer who was hit with that fire extinguisher died.., watch it.., watch it.., and watch it again and tell me that was a fatal injury.., bounced off the cops helmet and fell to the floor.
Watching news about america is more entertaining than any reality tv show.
That’s what you GET!!
I'm loving seeing these traitors nailed. That's what happens when you don't wear the mask
How many Rioters over the summer been arrested? Burning and Looting?
Trump supporters are domestic terrorists.
THE POLITICAL SISTEM OF USA IS IN TOTAL DECADENCE.   DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS ARE THE SAME SHIT
No more ‘law and order’ than they are Christians.
Lock all these Terrorist up
Thanks to the FBI for capturing these idiots!
If you feel that what you did was legal, fair and right be proud and go to jail with your head up turn yourselves in because you know it was all to help Trump And by the way what is he doing to help you people out other than going on NATIONAL TELEVISION and denouncing and condemning what you did after making that speech and promising to go with you 😊😁😁
More fake news. Where all the BLM rioters arrested that burned looted and murdered people for 7 months? Not interested because it doesn't meet the narrative of the communist media and politicians.
This is whay they get for cheating the election     Very Proud of the real Patriots  give them all the support you can
They need to find the people from this and all the riots from this past summer and all the people who tried to take over a city. Stop picking and choosing they're all in the wrong.
How about riots this summer?  FBI are the criminals.
Peep this everyone the people that was out there most of them didn’t say there names and had mask on how are they able to track them from a whole nother state??
Wow 😕this world 62 years old
How about find and arrest those that burned down cities
This makes me so happy 😊
The FBI is the dem Gestapo....do nothing unless it fits their agenda!
The devils children
Did his mom come pick him up from jail? 🤣🤣
I wonder if they’ll go after Black Lies Matter and Antifa like they went after Trump supporters
Hes a Gallagher haha shameless fans know what I'm talking  about.
Let fokin trump pardon him IF he can
It's amazing how so many people are stupid. They need saving from them selves. However in their favor,  they do not get the same news as most of America gets, so how can they make a good call. I never noticed this until a friend in NC had such different opinions and was telling me things that he heard on the news. The DCA in NJ and similar in some states regulate what the people can hear and I was not on board with that until I moved to another state.  People in NJ only hear what they let you hear, and big stories are only heard when they are too big to deny it. Then you hear a modify version. Sounds crazy but you can ask almost any person that frequents both states.
and you didnt say s hit when the rioters and looters burned down police stations , businesses and houses and created the town CHAZ .   fckn hypocrites
FBI is going full KGB commie
Good most of them were progressives leftists! Man who stole Pelosi's podium was a BLM activist!!! Trump 4 more years
Damn bru why weren’t the police fearing for there life then, should have let a tommy gun rip through that crowd maybe the average iq in America would have gone up.
Sadly antifa and blm's instigators for their riots got a free pass.  You know it wasn't about race because it was about destruction and anarchy.  At least that's all everyone will remember after the destruction.  In the end what was learned... last year's anarchist were better at their jobs.  More death,  destruction and anger.
Don’t think Trump will be paying his legal fees 🤔
I know how to cure cancer and I'm never going to share it.
That arm photobombed the flag guy
To the people blaming Trump for the riots I'm just curious and not political, Why is Trump accountable for this but no one is accountable for the 100s of violent prostests over the past year?
Now we have an  fbi???
Look how they doing the cops and they just taking it without doing nothing back.wow so people don't see the difference.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
when involved in a COUP your "in for a penny in for a pound". everyone swings.
But but BLM is a good thing
Deadly riots bought and paid for by our lovely government.
That punk better get life
Lol imagine ruining your life becuase you were trying to save another man's... As that man would say...Sad!
What about arresting all the BLM rioters. Nooope
Just the fact that Americans are able to drive hundreds of miles to get anywhere. Meanwhile here in Canada it’s complete lock down due to covid.
White judge:. "He was calm and polite."  Black judge:. "He said this was a false arrest and through a fire extinguisher at the judge's head."
Keep on getting em!!!
FBI goes all over America to arrest capital rioters but will not arrest corrupt politicians that they have proof of their crimes, fbi is corrupt communist!
white people go brr
There is going to be a lot of lonely submissive wives
Funny how when Antifa/Burn Loot Murder were out burning down city block after city block and killing at least 40 blk ppl, nobody was charged. Hypocrisy and complete double standards.
Yes,, lock them all up !!!!!!
TRUMP 🇺🇸 PEACE AND LOVE
YOHANAN(JOHN/JUAN) 14:6 "I AM THE WAY AND THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE. NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THROUGH ME" "YO SOY EL CAMINO Y LA VERDAD Y LA VIDA. NADIE VIENE AL PADRE SINO POR MI".......
Was it the Best Day Ever Tommy??? SAD little boy...
Time is money and money's time We wasted every second dime On diets, lawyers, shrinks and apps, and flags and plastic surgery Now Willy Wonka, Major Tom Ali and Leia have moved on Signal the final curtain call in all its atomic pageantry  Bravissimo, hip hip hurray For this fireworks display Mind and body blown away What a radiant crescendo  Ticker tape parade Our hair and skin like Marilyn Monroe In an afterwind  Time is money, money's time We wasted every second dime On politicians, fancy water, and guns, and plastic surgery Like our Prince and Reenie's mom All the dolphins have moved on Signaling the final curtain call in all its atomic pageantry  Bravissimo, hip hip hurray What a glorious display Melt our joyous hearts away Under the mushroom cloud confetti  Hip hip hurray For this fireworks display Mind and body blown away What a radiant crescendo Hip hip hurray Hip hip hurray  Ticker tape parade Our hair and skin like Marilyn Monroe In an afterwind  Time is money, money's time We wasted every second dime On diets, lawyers, shrinks, and apps, and flags, and plastic surgery Now Willy Wonka, Major Tom Ali and Leia have moved on Signal the final curtain call in all its atomic pageantry  --MJK, Billy Howerdel
Another one! FBI. You're on a roll. Awesome!
Screw the fbi . They didn't do their job before and want to do it now corrupt government officials let blm an antifa run the country for months and burn loot an take over . They even killed more people yet its the trump supporters that is divided the country fake new all around the revolution is coming get ready corrupt government officials you will swing from lamppost with rope bow ties on
Although no protest should turn violent, these ppl are terrorists and traitors. They crossed a line and  we need to make examples of each and every one.
61? Child! He's too old for that crap!
Keep ALLof them in custody !
Where were all you fine, law-abiding people when "mostly peaceful protests" were burning stores and ruining the lives and businesses of private citizens all summer?   At least these poor fools had the presence of mind to take their grievances straight to the source instead of destroying their own community.  You rotten hypocrite bastards.
Yes lol
You live in New Hampshire.
As President Trump has said, No real patriotic supporter of President Trump and what he is doing, would do something as unlawful as what those who forcibly entered Capitol building were  caught doing. Those Antifa terrorists who impersonated patriotic Trump supporters are known, caught in camera with advanced facial recognition programing and arrested for their crimes.
Can't trust a Gallagher they're shamless
Keep arresting these people on a double standard and we are going to find the BLM and Antifa rioters from the summer and make examples of them.  No justice, no peace.
I wonder if tRUMP will pay their legal fees? 🤔🤔🤔she says.    HA 🤣 😜 😝 🙃 😏 Of course not! He won't be able to pay his own bills!
Wish they have done same thing for BLM occupying US territory but hey double standard as always
fbi dident do shit during the blm riots
Plot twist: they were paid by antifa.
Yee-hawdists of the Con-federacy
You hate to see it.
Should oh fuckin burned DC down fuck government
These people lives are ruined, they lost there jobs, people will harass them and threaten their lives. And I'm guessing no job will hire them because of their circumstances of their Charges. 😔
They are domestic terrorists!!  charge them accordingly......No bail, lengthy jailtime....
Slow clap
THEN THAT MEANS.....ALL ANTIFA THUGS SHOULD BE ARRESTED THAT'S IT  PEACEFUL  TRUMPSTERS PEACEFUL  !!
ALL OF THEM! Track all of them down!
https://youtu.be/1Q0HA52g9LQ
Reminds me of the hippies back in the 60's
Hahaha not so happy now traitors
So Frank Gallagher and his drunk buddies lead the "revolution"?
These arrest are great. I'm waiting for the sentencing!
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen.. Repent and turn from sin! Follow God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!
Only the right riots smh
Those terrorists.
Funny how these guys have nothing to say now. They sure had plenty to say before. I bet they never thought it would go south for them this quickly.
The law strikes every time... unless race is involved
This is liberal media.  I don’t condone violence but it’s time to rise up.  Nothing wrong with carrying a rebel flag around.  This country is sad.  Rise up people
We asked a Democrat what he thinks (what he was told to think).
When are we going to see more BLM and Antifa arrests.?????
Yep that’s a Gallagher 😅😂
Im afraid these guys are going to attack the country again
No checks for terrorist in the USA
Several Vids in yt trending of trump supporters being arrested for rioting.   Our cities have been burning for several months now and no arrests hit trending. Oh yah I forgot Russia only makes an example on every media platform of those who oppose the deep state(except parlor and a few others they shut down). Sorry I meant to say the u.s. not Russia.
Why aren't these morons being held in cells until they face the music?
6
Round them up :)
This is not the way to protest of show your grievances but I guess this doesn’t apply to him.😂🤣
MAGA My Ass Got Arrested
YOU are loved and in need of a savior , we are living in the last days . Please don’t turn away from God he is calling YOU. Deep down you know there is a higher power , a higher creator . John 3:16 , for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life . Repent of your sins , accept JESUS Christ as your savior . Believe with your heart and confess with your mouth that you have sinned , we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God.  Believe that God sent his only son ( Jesus Christ ) to die on the cross for your sins, the price of our sins was paid in full  ! Accept his gift and you will have an eternity with him! JESUS CHRIST RETURN TO CLAIM HIS CHURCH IS AT HAND . Don’t be left behind when millions of people go missing !
Did they ever arrest the black people that killed the black police officer when the leftists and black lives matters people where rioting?
Where was the FBI during the BLM Riots?
Can we get the man who climbed the side of the building and fell?? We need him hurt n all
Reporter: Were you wrongly accused? Me: You can't be serious, he was caught in the act, lol
these people are zeros not heroes (worst line ever said by some losers that is of no sufficient )
When you lose a raid in WoW
Funny that Seattle, Portland etc. activities were referred to as “protests” but this was labeled a “violent riot”. Someone tell me the difference?
On the plus side, they gave lawyers something to do and they're about to make bank. Good job Republicans. Providing jobs! The one good thing you all have done.
How about find the rioters who burn down people business and homes ,oh I forgot there  democrats favorite people called blm.
All misdemeanors
They proved walls can't keep people out
I hope they also find and arrest the scumbag in the footage who body slammed the police officer into the pit. 😡😡😡
Put them all in prison with the rest of the animals.
Those damn whites, if he was someone of color at a BLM Antifa riot would Nancy-Chucky unleash the corrupt FBI!
Fuckin Gallagher’s
And what about the rioters of burning building and stealing merchandise ? What were they called oh yes black lives matter where are they and the prosecutions ?
Murder charges?!
Arrest all the traitors!
Hahaha hahaha
Were charging politician's with treason the cops need to arrest  them not us patriots.
And people were up in arms because Kaepernick took a knee towards his opinion in silent protest. Now look at this BS. These hoodlums created mayhem and destruction making a mockery of the US.
They should of used all this resources to exposed the stolen election....
Minorities would have been kept with out bail n given charges of attempted murder on police ..smh. white privilege doesn't exist.
what else can you expect from New Hampshire?
FBI , HERES A BONE “tip”  https://youtu.be/7V5calRrmTk No special treatment
Old man needs to spent a few years in prison with some big old Criminals (his peeps)
Lock em up!
First time in my life I'm supporting the FBI.
Round up the terrorists.
Deport them all to North Korea see how they like communist life there
...Put these rabid Dogs in Prison...
Awesome!!
Hahaha!   Lock up these morons
From the entitled morons part of NH. Folks up there still have their 2020 Trump/Pence signs in their yards.
Good
lol..this comment section is filled with Russian bots!
Yet no one goes after blm or antifa looters  or the code pink or kavanaugh protesters when they broke into federal property in DC.  Total hypocrisy
Enjoy your Pardon man
Put them all on the do not fly list for the rest of their lives and cancel their passports, in addition to charging them with felonies
I hate this country 😏
America? Is duty of all American to protect the constitution and america king Georges said Georges Washington was a terrorist
The raging narcissism of the insurgents, particularly of the cosplaying men/children who now deny that they wanted any part of the seditious, violent stuff, is striking. Men who have a huge reserve of self regard that does not extend to anyone else.
Who will be arrested for stealing elections destroying constitution what are values of the law and justice system who will judge him he protected its country what the justice protect exactly china rake over of america?
No arrest for BLM though.
Punish all of them.
He’s white we’ll give him a misdemeanor charge not a felony.
For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures,  that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures, 1 Corinthians 15:3-4   For we did not follow cleverly devised stories when we told you about the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ in power, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. 2 Peter 1:16   And we know that the Son of God has come, and has given us understanding so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true, in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life. 1 John 5:20   Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the pioneer and perfecter of faith. For the joy set before him he endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Hebrews 12:2   If anyone acknowledges that Jesus is the Son of God, God lives in them and they in God. 1 John 4:15   In your relationships with one another, have the same mindset as Christ Jesus. Philippians 2:5   I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all; no one can snatch them out of my Father’s hand. I and the Father are one. John 10:28-30   Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved. Acts 4:12   But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed. Isaiah 53:5   This is how God showed his love among us: He sent his one and only Son into the world that we might live through him. 1 John 4:9   My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you. John 15:12   If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Romans 10:9   But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect. 1 Peter 3:15   Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful. Colossians 3:15
Why does everyone in here think government has our best interest? Are you people that stupid?
Busted....
They wanted to just kneel whether u agree with them or not it was just kneeling during an entertainment event. Peacefully kneeling  in protest. They were told they were disrespecting the flag and soldiers. And called names. Just a peaceful kneel. Then look what all happened. Y is it with us humans true change or rebalance only comes from violence. That’s pathetic. We all have to do better.  2021 and we are still building walls like 4K years ago. 😂😂😂. I’m glad we die and pass on. Man really never changes.
JAY-Z IS GOD IN REVELATION / APOCALYPSE 11:4 AND MORE. I know this because I have had JESUS tattooed on my thigh since BEFORE I read Revelation 19:16 which says, “ On His thigh is a name written: KING OF KINGS LORD OF LORDS “
https://youtu.be/Dzx5GdVZV1o
Good!!!!!!
When are they going to arrest Governor Cuomo for allowing all those senior citizens to die in nursing homes
I hate to break it to you But that’s James May
THOUSANDS will be Arrested...Trump can ONLY pardon you, IF YOU turn yourself in before Jan 20th... HURRY!!!!
Ah those Gallaghers
Knock, knock, it’s consequences...
I mean...he is a Gallagher...
Stupidities!!!🙄
Hang them all!
“Look within and be depressed. Look without and be distressed . Look at Jesus and be at rest.”
Trump not even going pay lawyer Rudy lol .......
The funniest thing is that their Dear Leader incited them then threw them under the bus.  How dumb can you get.
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
Bruh . They even attacked the cops the said they love 💕 so much 🤣.
where were  the list of all the arrests of everyone who was respnsible for $1 billion in damages and over 30 deaths???? barely heard anything about that!!!!!! all these same media were calling those animals "peaceful protesters" and ignored the 30 deaths and 3 months of rioting but some Republican animals run a muck for 2 hours more rhan 600% less deaths and everyone who stuck up for the rioters are all of a sudden  appalled!! trump saying theres going to be a protest is inciting but kamala announcing shes going to help get rioters get bailed out isnt an invitation to continue rioting?????? both are wrong but this one is getting a completely different reaction from the media and im not shocked at all
Get all those traitor betches
I don't know why you keep giving out names all you have to say is this is another rest because Donald Trump is going to pardon them all
Thank you FBI.
Nothing new as usual. I'm still waiting for the arrestS of BLM riot... May be they're well organized crime group.
Still waiting on the news to call those antifa clowns rioters.
You get sprayed soon in jail 🤣
Hmmm FBI not playing
Definitely did it for the gram.
Let me bet. The loosened  screws in the heads of these people  are similar to that of Trump- detached permanently and from reality
FBI Making good on its promise to find and arrest people involved in the riots. That sentence is good to hear.
Still waiting for those BLM to be arrested.
Good!  Get them all including the leader! Nobody should have died! This should never have happened!! Stupid does what Stupid says!
These people are the same as those “vegans” that only eat fish.
LOCK HIM UP!!!
yikes a witch hunt with this tv reporters harrasing the people lol
Lol
You know. Yes we had some left extremists in the blm protests. But at least we didn't violently follow the extremists and storm our own countries capitol and try to overthrow the election as our polititians were verifying the next president of the United States
Ahh :V I don't feel sorry tbh.
Call Trump and his personal lawyers to help Dunking ass
MAN WITH CONFEDERATE FLAG IS AN ADMITTED DEMOCRAT. FACT.
Assault against police (liquid/spray).
I love the hypocritical left media. They praise the riot, looting and burning of our cities last year, but when it's the right doing it they're calling for everyone's arrest.
The election was not stolen.
Alrighty! Now we can go after the antifa thugs and certain blm people that have done the samething in the past with this NEW IDENTIFICATION process!!  History is repeating itself..
Wow , they are very fast with that but these people how burn cities and kill police - civilians in USA never happened!!!! Its 1984
👍👍 Keep going, you have a lot more to go. Domestic Terrorists must be jailed.
One can only try to understand an equal, judgement occurs from a pedestal🎈
What is shocking is that these people are putting their lives on the line for a man who has been lying to them.  Are they really that stupid not to know Trump lied to them for the past 4 years?  I'm really baffled by this.
he was CALM and POLWHITE
Thank you everyone and the Feds for their support to catch all these ignorant criminals; arrest and prosecute them all to the fullest!
Great news
Sounds like assault  to me
Do Not...let them off with a slap on the wrist. Punish them to the Fullest extent of the law. It costs taxpayers to hunt these ass holes down.Make examples out of each and everyone of them. If you live by the Sword...you will Perish by the Sword.
These guys dropping like flies
Should of been home with his grandchildren!
Kamala Harris is calling wanting to pay his bail like she did for the BLM and ANTIFA rioters.. ooops peaceful protestors.
“We gotcha yooo as in 4K”
Watching and hearing them get locked up is like drinking redbull. Best focking rush ever. Love love that prior to their arrest, it's all about smiling and making sure the cameras get their good side; thinking they wouldn't get caught because you're fighting the good fight for everyone.
Looks lile a scene from dark Knight rises
Put em all in gitmo to rot.
Hero.
Sometimes, I like to Fill UP my Bathtub with Milk, lay in the Fetal Position and pretend that I'm a Cheerio!..
#FREEGMJay        #Just be black
Where are the names & states of the ppl arrested during the BLM & antifa “protests” (violent riots) ??? Oh yeah that’s right there weren’t any arrests.......
I bet he acts like a good hearted human being around his family
Where do Republicans go to 'learn' up is down, left is right, love is hate, lie is truth, fiction is fact, corruption is legal and 2 + 2 equals anything they want!
Good job trumpists. You guys go to jail and lose your livelihoods for trump and trump walks away taking no responsibility. I doubt he'll send you flowers in jail or money for your family. You kneeled before your king poor jesters and took the pie right to your face... is your king still there for you? Now go in peace and remember he loves you and you are "SPECIAL"
Yet 0 arrests for BLM and ANTIFA attacks for the last year. How many millions of dollars of damage has been done with those incidents?? How many Millions of dollars of items stolen in the name of "social justice"?? How about Occupy Wall Street?? You forget about that? How about when Amy Schumer and many other people occupied the Capital Building??  Give me a break, these people were let into the building. There is undenying evidence of this.
wtf i love police now
A polite psychopath
The police should have opened fire and mowed the first line down. The rest would flee at the sound of gunshots.
Ok, what they did is wrong but the fbi can find and arrest the rioters but when all the dangerous BLM riots, fbi n cops can't find n arrest people. Hhhmmmm, doesn't add up does it?
I hope they house him with some brothers in jail.  He can explain how blacks and Biden are bad for the country.....   For about 2 seconds.
Omgod give me a break
Were is all the arrest for last years violence
Of course no mask 🙃
Anyone else fascinated they are releasing names, occupations, locations of these people but they barely even arrested anyone trying to burn down the federal buildings all year long out west?
Yet they have let antifa/blm rioters go free for months for doing much worse.
Just the other week Channel 4 had a commercial and one of your anchors said " Protests equals Progress" , I was very sad to hear that in my home.
Arrest all the Rioters and Terrorists that Robbed the Gucci store and the Footlockers. Also labeled BLM as a Terrorists organization for the destruction of our small businesses and the defunding of our Police. Now there are multiple shootings and I dont see any protest them and no Police around to patrol our communities!
I find it funny how these guys thought they would never get caught.....you know with all the cameras around lol
“Im A patRiOT” *storms capital building and kill 5 people🤪
🤣 if only they did this to Antifa
Can we just understand that what all of us as a majority for the past 12 months have been doing is wrong. And that our government wants this to happen. He wants us to bate each other. And im not gonna be that man. I love everyone equally and we need to u its against the real enemy. Please stay woke, and stop hating race, because race has nothing to do with AMERCIAN PEOPLE. WEVE GOT THIS ALL FUCKED UP. I got people saying they hate me and my people because I'm "white. Fuck that I don't see color I see character. I love you all let's change this country for all of us not just one or two groups. let's do this shit.
No they are terrorists stop softening up their image
https://www.instagram.com/pomsky_princess_arcadia/
Boa notícia
So for Trump supporters, its a "deadly riot" but with antifa its a "mostly peaceful protest
Quite now ......no mob to make them feel big
Propaganda. They were let in. It was ok when cities were being burned. Stores looted and burned down. Police station also destroyed by looters. All good. Trump rally and ppl are let in. Some ppl destroy and steal stuff. Everyone is guilty and should be arrested. Tracked down and arrested.  Stand for Blm or Antifa and its ok to break the law. Harris was saying they will keep doing it... but thats all good. God damn hypocrites shame on all of you for being so blind with your double standards. #TIMETOMOVETOSWEDEN
Fox News is the dark side of the force.
The GOP punch cocktail.   What is that orange coup sauce floating around in there.  That's the shit-stain riot, anybody want some punch.  We all know how it got there.  And you can't put it back in the tube.
Poor, poor white people...As a white man, I don't know how I've managed all these years..Enduring the stares, the hateful, and distrustful looks when walking into a public place..All those times I was told to go back to where I came from!..But...but..I come from here!..Don't they know that?!..I..I was born here!....I tell ya, it's hard...I wake up every morning, looking in the mirror knowing I have to go out into a world that doesn't like me...Sometimes I just want to go and hide, but where?..Where does someone that looks like me go?!..The struggle continues.
Bye
Where's all the fiery language and pseudo patriotic bs now? Why didn't he let the judge know how he felt? It's so much easier to be a brave patriot when you're surrounded by your fellow rioters isn't it my friend. Kinda takes the heat off when you don't have to face the law on your own. I wonder where trump was after he told you guys he would be joining you at the capitol, oh that's right he decided to stay home and watch it all unfold on TV and now he's nowhere to be found when you need him the most. I wouldn't count on that presidential pardon either, none of you peons are important enough plus you didn't accomplish the goals he set for you so he's already forgotten you. I almost feel sorry for you.
URSS states of Murica
I think these people will get far less time than they deserve because of the fear of reprisals. Lord knows how many felonies they committed, but they won’t be made to stand for  them as they would under normal circumstances.
Now they don't have nothing to say😂
"Arrest thee but not Me" said everyone who occupied Seattle and Portland and handed out guns to minors. And took over a police station.
I'm not on either side, but what about dudes that were beating on innocent people and burning down black owned businesses? Shit was barely talked about
Put all people  that were at the capital  riot all in JAIL FOR 5 YEARS. LETS FIND THESE PEOPLE N MAKE IT HARDED ON FAMILY.
So many Republicans (Christians plus Mormons equalling the Republican base, the holy trinity of American disgrace) have stood in allegiance not to the Red, White, and Blue but have stood up in favor of sedition. So opposed is the Republican base to Constitutional law and order that anyone who claims alliance with that party of base minds bring shame upon themselves. Rock on!
People with too much free time and disposable income. Oh, and gullible to lies. Hope he spends time in prison.
What about the instigators, (trump, Giuliani) are they above the law.
Everyone arrested should be charged for the death of the police officer and other 4 people that died.
One by one all of king trump's men are falling down. No worries, their liar in chief has their backs.
Grown adults behaving like children.
I'm not sure if Christmas 2021 came early or of Christmas 2020 has been extended 🤔
Tick tock good 😌 FBI use tick tok thanks god
The funny part about all this is while these idiots are being arrested, prosecuted and sentenced for insurrection at Trump’s bid, he and his family are moving to Florida to live their lavish lifestyle.
Trump has turn his back on all the minions who he rallied up . Just like all he did to all the Cabinet / administration peep who already went to jail 4 him throughout the last 4 yrs.   If U fallow the Cheeto Man, U could go to prison..... Bye Robert !
Is he one of the Antifa they keep pretending to be the cause of this? Or is he just a Trump Lover?
Good.  These men are not good Americans.  Throw the book at them.
Covid-45 should be laughed at and pointed out by children, for the rest of his miserable life.
Most of them hill billies are 61 and still living with mama😭 just pathetic considering everything down south is cheap as dirt.
America is under a State of Siege from White Supremacist Domestic Terrorists.
#BLACKLIvESMATTERS2021🇺🇸✊🏼@BIDENiNaugurationintoWhiteHouseRally1-20-212%CuMoNMaN🇨🇳🦠💥
They cry out they are not being heard. Now he has no comment. SMH
We are counting on you Fed. B. of Investigations Like no other time in the recent history,  other than the take down of our World Tr. Center in 2011.  And of course the hateful and sick terrorist brothers who bombed marathon runners not long ago.  Is that kid still here?  alive and well?  THE ONLY  difference being that this TERRORIST CRIME WHICH IS STILL unfolding;  is and was born right here on our land,  in our Nation.  they call it domestic.  I call it homeland assault ......... here.  HERE..... these must be the last days we read about in Scripture.  The one who embraced it;  who gave it birth this time;  is  our  current  president.   DON'T   SALUTE   THIS  MISTAKE ... NOT FROM YOUR HEART.
They aren't smirking anymore. : )
Where's his trump apperal he left it home
Does anybody else notice that a lot of these people are like trailer trash social welfare Rejects.
Lock these criminal up.
I didn't know fbi charge misdemeanors who they fooling there gonna do nothing
It is so sad always brainwash people ruining her life is for a liar
humm  BLM activist just arrested..so looks like it is true after all of what also happened. When is America going to wake up and stop fighting each other. The gov't is getting off on it. They want the country divided.  https://youtu.be/CBNqiG98Wjo
Are you going to arrest the police that let them in the Police let them in
Fucking Gallaghers
Where was the FBI during Antifa and BLM riots?
Well, q was *RIGHT! MASS ARRESTS COMING!* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaUqRp2ETdY
What is with the lightweight charges? What about felony murder of a police officer? Throw the book at these idiots.
Stupid people or Trump zombies 🧟‍♂️. Do they think Trump is gonna save their ass, he is just interested in himself.
Us Gallagher's are good at getting arrested #NoRestForUsGallaghers!!!! #WeAreGallaghers #StayShameless
How about that person who push an officer on the edge on the video. Did anyone see that.
He deserves what he gets.  I hope he is so embarrassed to show himself in his community.  If a man like this can degrade our heritage, and a building dedicated to our country, and a man that can honestly believe all the proven lies that Trump has told, then this man needs to be put away, evaluated and restricted.
To the maga twats that are saying that what they  did it was no different than the BLM peaceful protests last year that had had troubles and riots after, so why shouldn't they be allowed to "protest"now? George Floyd was not trying to break into the capitol building to kill the vice president and the top level members of the legislative branch of government, he may or may not have been trying to cash a check for twenty dollars (we don't know because instead of investigating a crime he had the life crushed out of him by a a ruthless gang of people who were so confident that they were able to kill with impunity that they killed him if front of witnesses. Killed over a $20 check. he was not resisting as his neck was knelt on, he asked the officers for help and received none. ashli had unlawfully broken into the capitol building with the aim of killing the vice president and other members of both chambers. She was climbing through the last barrier between the law makers and the thousands of people that were trying to kill them because a pampered old rich man who had been given everything in life by his father, who had been illegally syphoning money out of his own business and into a bank account for the toddler since birth, to avoid paying taxes, so that the toddler was a millionaire by the time he was two. he was so spoilt that by the time he was an adult he expected everything to be given to him as his over privileged birthright. When the now old man lost in an election that was the most free and fair election in American history, the old man could not believe he had lost (he had purged voting rolls, slowed the mail , closed polling stations and done everything possible from the bag of republican tricks to suppress the vote to ensure the win so that when he lost because the vast majority of voters did not like him he could not believe that he had lost (he believed that the fix was in and as he knew he had cheated he assumed that the other side had as well) but what his oversized ego could not cope with was that millions of Good hard working Americans did not like him or his attitude or his political party that had been shafting the middle and lower classes so much with high taxes, paying more taxes than millionaires and were sick of it and wanted a change. also he had been cheating the system his entire life and doing the same dodgy things as his father to avoid paying his fair share and had also done other shady shit before becoming president so that once he was president he felt like a king not a public servant so his lawless grew, so much so that he was impeached in his last year in office. He knew that the laws he had broken were serious and some not covered by pardons, as the time for him to leave office approached he became more desperate to keep his freedom. It also did not help that he was on strong medication as well, so desperate he came up with a plan and before the dust was settling he was telling every body that elections were rigged, he would say that the election he won in 2016 was rigged and spent the next three years saying the same things, rigged, rigged, etc until it was time for the 2020 election, he called in favours placed friends in strategic places and jobs and sat back and waited to be the winner. unfortunately he estimated his popularity, as most people did not like or his attitude or behaviour and so Joe Biden won the election, Now old man trump turned himself into a psychotic mess, the walls were closing in and there was little time left. now he had to do something that a normal person would not do, devise a plan to steal the election that he had just lost but the plan was flawed, the judges that he had crammed in to the system and that trump considered his, did not accept his case, they said may we see the evidence please, this was not in his plan, they should be accepting his word for it as trump felt that they should do as he bids, of the 60+ cases that trump and his lawyers took to court they won only one and that did not change the results, he was not happy, he had given these judges their positions and they had not even ruled in his favour at all. the stumbling block? Evidence, in all the cases trump and his entire legal team took to court they had not one bit of evidence, his judges could not do anything wino evidence.Now he was almost at the end of his tether he was completely screwed, he had to steal the election or jail, if he was going to jail he may as well try the most ruthless ploy,stir up his maga fans and try sedition (he is going to prison anyway he has nothing to lose) unfortunately this part failed, his attempt to get his maga fans to kill the people stopping him from staying in his job failed,5 people died at maga hands a police man just doing his job, three from medical problems and one whose shooting ended the operation as that one bullet turned the brave maga army into a retreating army,the fight taken out of them, they slowly left as if they had not been part of an armed insurrection mob baying for blood and now they were back turned into normal people again, some ashamed at what they had almost done, some ashamed at what they had done. everyone went home to now see what would happen. trumps army failed to hide their identity and are slowly being pick up by the law enforcement agencies. trump sloped back from the tent to the white house to plan his next attempt at a coup that would start one or two days before Joe Biden is sworn in as president, and trump will be in a lot of courts battling for his freedom. Take care and stay safe. Peace, love and unity from Cornwall, uk.
Hypocrite. He was not calm and polite at that riot. Traitor, pure and simple.
How stupid, they all need charged. I just wonder why we didn't get the coverage over the summer riots where 20 died?
👍👍👍
In the words of their moronic hero Diaper Donald...... LOCK THEM UP! TRAITORS
Good.
I think the charges I've seen in the past week are lightweight considering:  breaking into & destruction of a federal building, fighting law enforcement, stealing federal property including documents & electronics.  The crowd brought weapons, a noose, bombs, zip ties, chemicals, & made threats to kill officials, one officer dead.  I am disgusted that most of the charges are misdemeanors for these domestic terrorists.  If they would have found the politicians in the chamber, I feel very strongly there would have been a blood bath with many dead & wounded.  Remember they were chanting, "hang Mike Pence".  These deranged people were doing Trumps dirty work.  Trump, his lawyers, others in the GOP, his family, news programs like FOX, & Kayleigh, are 100% complicit.
THIS IS NOT A RIOT IT WAS A ATTEMPT TO OVERTHROW THE GOVERNMENT  TREASON AND HOMEGROWN TERRORISM  THEY REALLY ARE SOLVING THIS SWIFTLY
No one ever said trump supporters were intelligent 🤣
More antifa jailed for for invading the capital. Good job fBI. By the way, defund the police
Fake news! Why didnt you have the balls to knock on Blm doors for setting fires??? Spineless reporters.
The fascist rats will return to hiding, till next time.
What do these people think the country owes them? They live in a natural paradise with time and money to participate in sacking the peoples house
A Gallagher??  ....just SHAMELESS!!!!
MAGA - Many Are Getting Arrested
I guess they don't have BALLS as big as they thought when the FBI comes knocking.....they are all poor excuses for Americans, surprising that they weren't burning US Flags to replace them with MAGA Flags..... makes me sick!
This fbi agent is a democratic bum!!!
LOL  not so smart now...FBI will get them 👍👍👍
If maga had any honor  they'd commit Seppeku
The Feds should wait on these arrests Trump is going to pardon them....
What got nothing to say? POS
The right in the US are so law abiding and love to show their good christian morals
We must not forget the enablers. FOX is still in air, T in office and his criminal yes-sayers.
I’m calling it right now, next insurrection if any they will wear face masks.
So now they are all like "oh no comment" when a week ago they were all screaming, wanting to hang and kill ppl, and now what??? i bet he was just there for documentation, right?like all his fascist friends were too, right? i sure hope that pos will suffer severly in federal prison!fresh-meat for the other inmates!!!!!
Oh boy, can't wait to hear these arrests baked into another conspiracy.
Damn they really coming for all of you lol
This man puts all Gallaghers to shame. Gallagher is an Irish name, and the whole of Ireland hates Trump.
Restricted building you mean American inside a building that Americans own
Guess what Thomas!  Your not going to get a pardon!  Due to impeachment of Trump he lost his right to pardon anyone including himself pertaining to storming the U.S. Capitol!
Let your friends know how much it's going to cost you to have a lawyer defend you in court! Is Trump worth it? he won't even pay Giuliani! You are all fools! Trump sat and watched on TV getting a hard on watching people fighting his fake war! With his fucking family! There is tape! He didn't walk with you! He watched you!
Morons Are Getting Arrested.
You heard the old man “its a disgrace”
Awww, poor guys. Family Values Tough on Crime Religious folks brainwashed by a madman.
At T0:27, the man holding the confederate flag with his left had, is holding a gun (?) with his right hand, under his jacket?
All clown's idiots are being arrested one after another. Pro Trump clowns have to face the consequences for their stupidity... I guess all these clowns are worried if their front doors are being knocked by FBI agents .. serve you right .. think before you act in future .. lols
These people are out of their minds! For goodness sake these are grown ass men and women thinking this behavior is okay to get their point across. Even kids know how to act better!
When your mom has to bail you out.
To all of you TRUMLICANS your days are "numbered" and TRUMP just threw under a bus!! GAME OVER!!!!
Notice how polite the fake tough wimps who stormed the Capital are once they get arrested.
Tick tock tick tock Knock knock knock  Never be able to get on a plane again. Never be able to eat at a restaurant or order up a pizza without wondering if the cook spit in your food. Never be able to buy groceries in town where everyone knows who you are. Your kids being turned down at state universities. And that's just those who don't do time.  Grown men and women ruining their lives and of their family members; an embarrassment to the community and their church...for what? A Qanon conspiracy? A rich narcissist womanizer who can't admit he is a loser? Where is he now? Is he thinking about you? No, he didn't even remember to order the flag to be flown at half mast even though four if your fellow maga hats died. He threw you under the bus to save himself. How does it feel to be considered the biggest national idiots of a century?
Trump supporters are “law and order” party. RIOTING and DEATH are okay?
Get them Asssss's
Quit as church nice Now!!!!
You can run but you can't hide!!  Woo Hoo!!
It's a game of cat and mouse and the cat always wins.
Trump has the best supporters and could care less about any of them.
Not so tough now. What a bunch of pathetic losers. 🤣🤣
Idiot
“Benny, bring me everyone.” “What do you mean, ‘everyone’?” “EVVERRYYONNNNEEEE!!!”
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣magas!!!! Time to spend on a  lawyer!!!hahahahahahah
Like shooting fish in a barrel.  This is too easy.
Sleepy Joe and kamala opened bailout fund supports and legal help to blmAuntifa who Burn 🔥 half of the country and rioted looted murder spree for 7 months
Federal charges means they will no longer be allowed to own firearms not even for hunting lol
They have no respect for the law
Lock up  all of them up they criminals breaking into the capital
I hope they get ALLLLL THOSE uncivilized demonic animals!
Law and order what the hypocrisy.
FBI do your job get these people.
All of them need to be locked up with no bond because they are TERRORISTS !!!!!
Hang them all Never again!
The Storm, Military Tribunals, Recorded Confessions & Worldwide Martial Law  NEW VIDEO:     https://youtu.be/xpk6fGjew8g
These domestic terrorists crapped and urinated in the Capital!!!!! Treat them and charge them as terrorists!!!!!
A lot of these idiots are on disability no more!
Hahaaaa....what happened in DC does NOT stay in DC. ...Hahaaa
Charge everyone who stepped foot in the capitol that day. They still don’t have the brains to wear a mask lol morons
NAIL THEM ALL!
Glad they caught Sandord!
Nice legacy! Ridiculous...
This is horrible and a lot deeper that I had thought, these individuals have seriously/& dangerously mad this a very dangerous movement....
Now he's "calm and polite".
It's one thing to run around as if you are a brave patriot defending your ill treated president by bashing others over the head and breaking down doors and striking fear into young aides.  Quite another being arrested and tried for the squirrel that you are. Cowards don't do well in prison.
Nowhere to hide traitors the FBI is coming for you. Don't drop the soap
Why not domestic terrorism charges?
God job FBI please kept us safety and peaceful , thank you
I’m surprised he has no comments. He’s not known to be quiet as a mouse. Lol
Dear CBS, 2:02 you can knock on the door but don't touch and try to open a locked door of someone's property. Do not be stupid because someone who stormed into the Capitol wouldn't hesitate to blow a bullet into your reporter's face
What these criminals did at the capitol is nothing compared to what stephen miller the drop out of santa monica california did...he is responsible for the separation of hundreds of kids from their parents....and today they still can’t find their parents...the real criminals are trump, miller. Mcconell, graham, cruz, meadows, gaetz, jordan, and on and on...
Lol shameless anyone
The timeline wouldn’t work, even if, IF, President Trump had encouraged this action, which he did not.
Is this the guy that hit the cop with a fire extinguisher? The cop who died?
LOCK HIM UP!!
Lock them up!
I can think of many people today who wish they could roll back time and have a chance to make a different decision in joining the “protest”
Only the most stable geniuses among the Trump Treasonists.  Love how many documented their own crimes, wore work IDs and gears, shouted out their correct names, etc.
terrorists and traitors all of em. America will win yet again
That CHUD from Delaware with the Confederate flag ?  The page for the State of Delaware on Wikipedia in the paragraph entitled  'Delaware in the Civil War' says the following:-.  "During the Civil War, Delaware was a slave state that remained in the Union. (Delaware voters voted not to secede on January 3, 1861.) Delaware had been the first state to embrace the Union by ratifying the Constitution, and would be the last to leave it, according to Delaware's governor at the time. Although most Delaware citizens who fought in the Civil War served in regiments on the Union side, some did, in fact, serve in Delaware companies on the Confederate side in the Maryland and Virginia Regiments. Delaware was the one slave state from which the Confederate States of America could not recruit a full regiment.".
Patriot Act... how ironic the bitch slap is
Put them into the jail
The Trump swamp is draining!
He waz "calm" and "polite" the mainstream media is two faced
I will focus on the people, who refuse to stop Trump.   I will focus on the Politicians who kept saying the election was fake.   I will focus on people saying this Capital Attack was Antifa/BLM  when it wasn't.   I will focus on Politicians that make the BLM Protest the same as The Capital Attack, when it's wasn't.  I will focus on the lack of Law Enforcement at Capital Hill and any Law Enforcement Or Politicians that help in any way on the Attack On Capital Hill.  https://youtu.be/cGCK7_9RkXs
The charges are... throwing unknown liquid substance at police and spraying with unknown substance? If they were black it would be... attacking a police officer or attempted murder.  It is starting to look that this charges are not serious. Just design to appease the people that is demanding justice or design to let them go with only a slap on the wrist.
🎶Proud boys Proud boys whatcha gonna do whatcha gonna do when they come for you 🎶👮👮‍♀️👮‍♂️🚔🚓
Morons used by a facist
The left has never tried treason and sedition by violently overthrowing  a government & nation to steal an election just  because they were sore losers over losing a fair legal election  no different than ANY OTHER in the past.
NOTHING different about 2020 election compared to any other election. Either ALL were FRAUDULENT. Or NONE were.  If ALL were, then it was the conservative christian  QAnon Saudi Arabian-loving REPUBLICUNTS who have stolen or tried to steal every election.
All these people who stormed into Capitol Hill will be disgrace to their communities
There is NO scientific proof that leftwingers or Antifa or BLM have EVER done "terrorism".  All those summer riots were instigated by the police  and conservative christian republicunts & QAnon posing as Antifa or BLM.
There will never be peace or justice until this world addresses  the INFINITELY important double-standard  in how it praises soldiers & police in using violence, especially when it's in some OTHER country, but condemns civilians for forcing pain & suffering. And this hypocrisy is made worse by TOTALLY IGNORING WHAT REASONS people fight  & DEFINING LOGICALLY CONSISTENTLY WHO INITIATES  trouble/injustice versus who RESPONDS to REAL trouble/injustice. All initiation of force begins with breeders breeding & meat-eaters breeding animals for energy.
Dr Jill Stein was right. Trump was NEVER legally president because Dr Jill Stein proved the massive fraud.  January 6th events shows that if you don't like an election results going your way  you are justified in calling them "invalid"  and you're allowed to steal the election by overthrowing the capitol. Greens, Marxists, Libertarians, Marxists, Transhumanists, Independents Parties  as well as single-issue people:  antinatalists, animal rights vegans, UFO disclosure activists, Occupy Wall Street activists, atheists fighting for freedom from religion need to follow the christian conservatives republicunts lead  and overthrow elections THEY define as invalid.
That's the problem with the legal system:  it is FANATICALLY CLOSE MINDED to alternative ideas about what is or is not legal,  about human law. The INFINITE HYPOCRISY of conservatives  to lecture SCIENTISTS and public American education to be more "open minded",  when they are ABSOLUTIST about legal bullshit that contradicts itself day by day.
Conspiracists (conservatives, christians, religionists, republicans, flat-earthers,  moonlanding deniers, creatards, AGW-deniers, 2020 US election "fraud") are free to endlessly question reality in their own echo chambers. Pro-truth, pro-proof people (climate scientists, biologists, election officials) are free to ignore them & NOT waste our time endlessly  reproving testable quantifiable objective truth.
Remember when they insulted and ridiculed Dr Jill Stein for exercising HER LEGAL AUTHORITY  to fight for a RECOUNT in Wisconsin of the FRADULENT ILLEGAL 2016 election  to KEEP GOVERNMENT HONEST & ACCOUNTABLE and NOT throw out  Green, Socialist, Transhumanist, Libertarian or Independent voters?   These pieces of shit continue to push this LIE and MYTH that the 2020 election  was somehow "fraudulent" MONTHS after it's been proved MANY times NO fraud committed.
I bet these revolutionaries are terrified now.
Track them down and lock them up
He has nothing to say now huh
"But but but but but what about Antifa and BLM" the Sore losers
Haha.  MAGAt!!!
This truly changed his life! 👏
Another one bites the dust.
I wonder why they aren’t trying to find the people who committed arson,  assault, burglary, theft, rape, and more when they were suppose to be protesting for George Floyd there was even video and some people bragging about doing it.
They are setting an example by arresting people
I’m so torn.  I can’t believe that people can “storm the Capitol” including breaking windows, assaulting police, and threatening to “hang the Vice President”... and then they are arrested for trespassing!?!?  This was not a protest!  I’m not sure if it was a full coup, but it was as close as I’ve ever seen in the US.  It just doesn’t seem right that these people are arrested, and then allowed to return home.  Seems to me they are getting off with a light slap on the wrist.   Of course, I’m torn because I understand that some people simply got caught up in the energy and excitement and went too far.  I know I was once young and very impressionable... so I’m torn because if your intention was to simply protest and you ended up truly just trespassing... then you likely don’t deserve to have your life ruined and a firm slap on the wrist is probably the right punishment (especially if they truly are sorry for their actions).  However, those who did damage, those who made threats, those who were violent, those who truly were trying to start a coup... those people need to spend time in prison.  They need to be punished.  They need to be examples for future people who think they can bully and force their ways on others.  I hope they get much harder sentences and I hope it does affect the rest of their life (like getting felonies, spending time in prison, losing their gun rights, etc.)
All the officers on duty in Capitol Hill should receive a medal of honour each for having to deal with all those imbeciles, on that day... Don't worry, am sure he had made his neighbourhood fellas proud. Plus, now he can kick & scream and throw liquid at the judge...😂😂😂
Wait a second I thought that MAGA supporters back the blue, and BLUE LIVE MATTERS? I guess LAW and ORDER doesn't apply to them.  R.I.P to the officer who was killed DOING HIS JOB
Ha ha ha ha ha arrest them all bunch of unemployed bums
That last old guy interviewed is so completely spot. on.
Banish them from the USA, make them each pariahs for their acts.
I hope they find all them losers and lock em up.  Bunch of sick people in this country for sure.  How could this country become so lame is beyond me
The real irony of this is, this guy may spend some time in jail for listening to that self-absorbed lying narcissist.  If he's real lucky, they may have adjoining cells.
Why are these domestic terrorists not being kept in jail?
Trump spent most of his term attacking and demeaning the FBI. Guess who will get the last laugh?
Was it worth it, paul bunny?
Slap in the wrist thTs all ..
Doesn't matter who they support criminals are criminals.  Lock'um up.
I wonder if these "patriots" regret their actions after facing 10 years in prison for 45 mins worth of rioting. Lol. Everybody gangsta till those prison doors slam closed behind them.
Terrorism 1 : the unlawful use or threat of violence especially against the state or the public as a politically motivated means of attack or coercion. 2 : violent and intimidating gang activity street terrorism. Other Words from terrorism
Wanna be badasses goes shy all of a sudden. Just tell them your part of Q... I"m sure they'll leave you alone in prison.
When will they go after Antifa and BLM for rioting, looting, and burning store, state and federal building across America?
They all wanted to known for something now they are.
Where is the arrest and trial for the murderer of Ashley? and all the ANTIFA scumbags who actually broke in...
Federal watchlist. Lose your right to vote and put em on a no fly list for 10 years Make em all do a mandated 200 hour Government Civics course. Complete with an exit exam. Score less the 80 pct. Do it all over again.
Hopefully all of these rebels get enough time in prison and if they riot in there shank them
Lock him up
Glad FBI is tracking these people down
All the people who entered should be charged. I don't think it's right to condemn an entire Party for the actions of a few maniacs.  Don't throw stones when you live in glass house....which means,for the slower, not as educated, the Democrats need to tone down the rhetoric....there base burned CITIES and A FEDERAL COURTHOUSE. Over 40 dead in all their "peaceful protest".. BILLIONS in damages. I feel very bad that they had a horrible day at work and the person's who committed the acts should individually pay for said crimes.
White people come get your folks please.
Not so talkative now are u? Let the Old Lady speak for u- coward! Lock Him Up!
Lock them up all like they say
But but but Donald said it was ok to storm the Capital. And Donald wouldn’t lie.
To the prosecutors : ...Don't let these criminals plead felonies down to misdemeanors, because they deserve to have their 2nd. amendment taken away, for treasonous actions.
What happened to the firing squad for treason.
Karma!
Hope they find all of those people who are traitors an deserve to be punished for storming the capital
Had to be a Gallagher 🤣
The door was open and we went in. A police officer said ' throw a fire extinguisher at me' and we complied with his request. So what do you want. We were a peaceful crowd now vilified by the radical left and Antifa.
What about the guy with the blind tackle of the cop?!
I wonder. Do they know now that they got use? I don’t see the mastermind going with them to court to deal with all of the problems that they have now.
Amazing that all the seditious criminals now have nothing to say. They're losers.
Where were all you self righteous lefties when antifa and BLM were burning buildings occupying cities and destroying businesses.
Lock him up
Another one of Trump's cult that needs to be locked up for sedition.
Anyone else binging videos of these scumbag terrorists being arrested?
Awesome! Get every single one of these racist terrorist thugs!
Alot Trump supporter in nh get em all
Acting all thought when his buddies are around but  becomes the biggest pussy when he’s by himself
Going by that argument, shouldn't the press be charged as well...they were there too!
HMMM NOTHING TO SAY ON YOUR WAY OUT?
That is going to be a very expensive fire extinguisher my friend! Very costly for you! Congratulations!
Trump Thug Un American Activity
The definition of asexual
Does protesters know there's was no vote fraud they just angry because there president lost.
Demonrats channel.
Thick n stupid  ... Hope they all get caught and delt with  ... 🤫
All this for trump
Why no comment buddy!? you had a whole lot to say on January 6th you got cameras right there in front of you you don't have nothing to say?
Beautiful house and land what are they mad about?
Why arent they charged with assault on the police and attempted murder of Government officials!
When in the hell they going to arrest joe, hunter, Nancy Pelosi, Hillary Clinton,?
MAGA-- Many Are Getting Arrested!  Lock them up!
Omg the Fbi are finally doing some work, pitty they carnt round antifa up as quick or look into Hunter bidens laptop, what people do they work for, is it just one half of the population, or do they just work for the Democrats because that's what it looks like to me, no wonder the people who stormed the capital thought this is the only way to get are voices heard,
MAGA......................MyAssGotArrested
Lock them all up.
61 year old man getting duped into this nonsense like he's in 3rd grade and an 8th grader is telling him what to do
Best game in town copycat.cash
Wish they had this much energy to track down those who burned down buildings in the blm riots
Another New England confederate wannabee.
No retirement pay, no stilmues money, no social security checks, no medicare,, o u will get a 6 / 8 cell , courtys, of Mr Trump, 😉
Did their lives, their families, their homes really need this? Was it worth it? They were looking to their golden idol, (their god) Donald Trump, for  satisfaction instead of going to Almighty God and now they have subjected themselves to legal penalties of man in addition to the Wrath of the Almighty God. Be blessed.
MAGA - Many Are Getting Arrested!!!!!
weird how trump isn't pardoning any of them, it's almost like he doesn't care about them
Wrong path
Get’em all!
How people got brainwashed by a dumb ass con?
PIG's 🐽 at it's finest!
I need  more popcorn....... .
Send him to Gitmo!
So where’s the moneys to get them out of jail?????
lock this creep up now!
I bet you his leader trump isn’t going to pardon him.
Anyone who ever puts their faith or allegiance in Trump will eventually get burned.
So much dumb.
Lots of trumpists will be having sleepless nights now!
They'll get each and everyone of them ,eventually
Love that they keep arresting all these idiots that did what they did for their King idiot!!😂😜😁😄😛
Ha ha ha! Falling like dominoes. Forrest Gump is smarter than these guys.
It’s fascinating how the FBI can locate all these people, but for a year with thousands of fires and looting from the left, nobody seemed to get caught. The double standards are what is setting people off. All it does is promote a division between us.
Give em all a metal and a doo over
Obvious morons for being pro-Trumpers in the first place, but then appearing on national video?,...a Darwin Prize for each of them.  Remove them from the gene pool and help humanity.
These are the people who opposed BLM with BLUE LIVES MATTER!!!...THUGS!!!
Good!! These terrorists need to be held accountable and hopefully locked away from the rest of us.
Whats sleep Joe gonna do about nurses like my mom working with nursing home full of covid residents and no vaccine or some to care for them
They should loose their jobs branded as traitors of the country
Damn taking Ls
Boy they are making a grand show of this retardation. When are all the antifa/blm rioters that were burning down cities going to be round up?
Is he related to eddy Gallagher?
Is it wrong that I spend hours watching these arrests on youtube? I'm really enjoying it!!!
He should not be led out of prison
Put the traitors in prison!!!
Lmao he had a confederate flag but he's from Delaware.....🤔😒🤦🏾‍♂️
Nice old man I liked what he says. How disgraceful what they did !!!
Don't too excited. For example they just charged 2 cops from Rocky Mount, North Carolina with federal misdemeanors for their role in the riots. That's MISDEMEANORS not felonies for two people who are police officers who have had legal training and experience with the justice system who should have been very aware of the laws they were breaking. The government has already said that they are NOT pursuing jail time for these 2 and the judge refused to make them wear tracking ankle bracelets because they were police officers and military veterans. So two people who have committed a terrorist act against their country where people died including the murder of a fellow police officer are not being monitored at all and they are out on a $15K bond and they are facing NO jail time. I think this might be an indicator of a big show of chasing people down but in the end the charges will be minor.
Anyone wanna bet that Trump may try and pardon all of them?
Go Get Them ,, so stupid
A disgrace to New Hampshire, where I lived for many years.  Not New Hampshire's best.
They post their photos online like they were on vacation.
They got blm/Antifa Protester John Sullivan today, too. Video of him bragging about wearing a Trump hat, instigating violence, breaking windows...he's not so tough today, either. Heh.
Sounds like he got a slap on the hand to me
Back the blue huh 🤔
Will probably only get probation.
After watching this video of an Antifa Ideologist and what them and their allied Politicians, MSM and High Tech oligarcs have been planning for the destruction,  to the root,  of the American founding values,  there is absolutely no doubt in my mind the only way to save our country,  is by means of Military intervention, which I beleive is imminent Mark Bray, "Antifa: The Anti-Fascist Handbook""   https://youtu.be/HivGdRBG0XU.  .....
I'm impressed at how well The FBI's search is going. I feel better knowing that the rioters are being removed from their homes. They deserve to be prosecuted and to serve prison time. There is something wrong with any one who feels entitled to break into a federal building and destroy government property.
Trump doesn't KNOW ANY OF YOU TRAITORS 🙄( WHAT SAY YOU)
Common sense has walked a long time ago with these people,
Trump is not standing beside none of them I know they ALL feel Stupid!!!
So New Hampshire breeds rioters and psychos? Note to self, don't visit New Hampshire.
Weird, seems like i never heard anything about the antifa or BLM members who burned down police stations, court houses, black & Asian businesses, sealed doors and windows with plywood & portable nail guns, then attempted to set the building on fire with occupants inside, the only thing that saved the people inside, was a swat team & firefighters that showed up and put out the fire before it engulfed the entire building, the occupants weren't able to get out on they're own and over 40 people were very close to being burned alive, alot of them being women who just filed paperwork. This wasn't the only time antifa & BLM attempted to seal buildings from the outside and burn the occupants, they attempted this many times over the past 2 years.  I wonder why most of those people were never tracked down? You can only have a 2 tiered justice system for so long, once you prove to the people of this country, that one side can murder people and get away with it, but if another side does something out of hand, they'll be sent to prison. You can do this, but your begging for Americans to show up at your political offices and shed plenty of blood. Most people who call for violence, like these ddmocrat politicians have for the last 5 years, they wouldn't be able to handle the first wave of people that show up knocking at they're door.  So unless your actually up to do what you say you want, its best you settle down and stfu or the people who are serious about it, won't have much issues once they find you.
Did Trump bail 😳 anyone 🤔 outta jail 😆  hmmmmm HELL NO
why are they hiding last week number taking pictures posting it on Facebook and now they're hiding
While it's distressing to learn how many terrorists we have living among us, it's great to know that they failed and that they're now being rounded up like rabid dogs. For their own safety they definitely belong behind bars. It's the right place for people who hate everything that America stands for.
Excellent reporting and hats off to our FBI!🎉🎉💯
No worries, he’ll use MAGA magical red hat to free himself
I think it's funny to see all of these people being "riot shamed" because they would disregard their livelihoods for the one man who could care less about them.  Look at Rudy Guiliani, who gave his soul and now, Trump won't pay him for his 0 court wins.
Middle easterns get arrested for terrorist acts. I dout any of these rioters will get any time.
a lot of older men involved in this silliness! You'd think they would be mature and good citizens, staying out of trouble. Very sad!
THOMAS GALLAGHER
If they were willing to go that far for Trump; what would they do for a Klondike bar?
Kevin seafred
ROBERT SANFORD
Now he's all calm and polite... practice for prison 😉
Its the final countdown!! Final countdown
I prefer Patriots that don't attack police officers.... 😞
They were brain washed and lied to....
cant find hunter but found this guy in the woods. good job boys
You can runs but you can’t hide!!!
Where is the felony? Chanting, screaming and walking in open house. Welcome to the new US
they need to analyze the liquid (residue) he threw at police to see if it contained any carcinogens or disease and charge him for murder if it did
Another Patriot hunted down by an illegitimate government. So many paid trolls commenting in the echo chamber. Illegitimate government must be terrified.
I don't understand why these people were tearing up Capitol Hill for Donald Trump. They're risking their freedom for a man who don't even know who they are.  Think about it: Trump won't bail them out of jail for this incident. Trump won't put money on their books while they're in jail. Trump won't hire a lawyer for them, protect them from losing their jobs, or provide financial support to them after losing their jobs.  With all of that in view, why would anyone risk their freedom and livelihood for a man who is only concerned about himself? This man just ruined his life and will now be on a terrorist list for the rest of his life.
The witch hunt begins
I'm gonna guess there's about 5-10 movies (and TV shows) already in pre-production about all this. :-)
He was a good man he only wanted to lynch black folk he never actually did though.
Lol
Geez.... is it possible to overdose on schadenfreude as they clean-up the Trump Trash around the country? Love it!
Trumptards have the best brains just like trump
peaceful riot ?
Nice house, looks like life had treated him pretty well up to this point.   How in the world does a person fall this deep for a bunch of nonsense lies and conspiracies?
He thought it was cute. I hope they throw him in prison for a long time.
I don’t understand what do these Guys got  out from all  the $hit they did. Just wait few more years to vote for your candidate just like 81 Million Plus waited.
I seem to remember something about a basket of deplorables!
can the Gallaghers get anymore shameless
Why is she wearing her mask upside down 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️ the nose clip goes on your nose, not your chin.
Another one who bites the dust 😂😂😂
The east coast is more racist than the South 💯 trust me I live in Boston
Hope it was worth it. Smh...
Hahahaha no escaping you idiots 🤣🤣🤣
Neighbor: "Yeah, I was surprised to hear the news" ........Really?  are you sure about that? you didn't even get the slightest hint you had a moron for a neighbor?  Did the GIANT Trump flag not tell you that there's a TRAITOR in your neighborhood?
Now your master not even gonna help ya he lied to you had you do his dirty and your get to pay for it hopefully he will also
Oh, the racist was nice and respectful to a judge..... guess all is forgiven. F that!
Send his ass up state
This shit back fired we all know it was planned from the inside and out I want to know who that senators were that had a cop killed
How is they are avoiding assault on police officer charges hmmm
New Hampshire, the state of many racist Assh***!  I know so because I lived there!  Yes, I said.
If these were all black folks storming the Capital, cops would have opened fire!  Trust!
It's a veritable round-up of the  deplorable element.
Refused to leave? I think he had a death wish, but, hey...he obviously was able to leave and then go home ( to turn himself in there.)
Don't take the pills
They shall ever be labeled as insurrectionist and traitors...They go 100% against what this country was founded on.
Take them all down. Would have been easier if the cops arrested these losers when they were there
More to catch, check his neighbor too.
I wish they would do the same for all the rioters that assaulted and murdered 47 Americans, destroyed businesses, property, and burned cities the past couple of years
It's "Don't Tread on Me" until it's "I'll Tread Anyone I God Damn Want To!"
I would say 'LOCK THEM UP' but it looks like thats already underway
It makes me sick that they got bail.
I want to take a bucket of soapy water and a sponge go to the capital and just start washing it. Maybe I'll feel better.
Another Racist Piece of Supreme Slime bits the Dust.
Welp... the next chapter...how many of these people will feel alone when the reality hits of the punishment they will have to endure...That koolaide reference becomes very front & center and I am thinking the older folk might have a quicker idea, but, they will try to wait til Biden's been in for a while so they can blame him in their note...will they have that long before incarceration? People who are saying trump didn't have anything to do with this have no idea the blood being ready to spill..people's own blood. Then what will they say..still... Trump's still scotfree. When will it end? Yeah... Stop Trump period. From a cell, I don't think he can be as much of a mafia type head. Then the wind that filled the sails will die down. What a difference... removal makes. ... 24 little hrs (if Republicans wanted).
All the deplorable dominoes are falling one x one.. I’ts a great time to be alive and see these people’s lives ruined forever!!🥳
Scared to charge them as treason....white previllage
Its only ok to protest "peacefully" burn businesses and cars when Antifa and Blm do it.... Hypocrisy much?
Ya done good Gallagher making your home town proud🤣
How tough are they talking now?
Charged for entering.
If anyone involved in the riot is guilty of treason it is the tough guy who desecrated our capitol with the confederate flag.
If a group of bank robbers end up with one of them shooting a killing a bank teller, they are all considered to be guilty of murder. People died as a result of this coup, all, including trump, should be held accountable for the deaths.
Big deal if he threw a fire extinguisher he needs to be charged with attempted murder and assault for throwing stuff. If he was black he would have shot
I just love how everyone keeps turning these traitors into the feds.
Wait till Trump pardons them all!
FBI better bring federal charges!!!!
Lmao.. damn fraud all that bark and no bite 😅😅😅 ..and they taking them guns🤣
lock em all up
Should of carried a Biden/harris flag
They had nothing better to do?  Beautiful scene where his home was and he leaves this to go be stupid with Trump????  That alone should get him arrested.
Maga criminals putting themselves on social media. Funny shit!
As a NH resident we do not accept him
These are the types of people who will drink the poolside!!
“Arrested” yet no mug shot and he’s walking to his car. What lol
And for the record LEA partners rounded up rioters posing as BLM protesters during the 2020 unrest. Equal justice. These seditionist deserve what they get. "One nation under a groove..."
These rich kids have grown up .
61 years old? Dude, go make a birdhouse in your garage or something. Imagine acting like this at age 61.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Anyone think that still agree with the 10yr minimum?
Where have you been all this time and why do you let other flags fly in our capital?
Remember the rich kid that killed people when he was driving drunk. ​ His lawyer is he had Affluenza. His rich parents bailed him out of trouble with their money. Trump's parents bailed Trump out. He never had to pay for his bad behavior.
They should All lose the right to vote!!
You can't fix stupid
On the bright side, the demand for court reporters and prison security officers has just gone waaay up.  The FOX spin would be "Trump's creating more jobs!"  I've never been jealous of the National Guard like I am now. Wish I had served.  Talk about defending your country.  Hey National Guard and FBI, this American says "Thank you for your service."
Federal prison is a tough place
And now for 908 dumb comments that couldn't be found while cities burned.
Get them ALL and throw away the key!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Good Job to the FBI TO the men and women God almighty Jesus christ Bless you for a good Job
Awesome work FBI We THANK YOU 🇺🇸
But but but BLM and ANTIFA don't forget about Hillary's emails and Obama's birth certificate LOL FRY LOSERS
Round em up!! 👌👍👌👍
Find and arrest those #WhiteTalibanTerrorists that was involved in the insurrectionist last week at the Capitol.
How about finding all the crimes on hunters laptop and charge hunter Biden
Yeah does are the people in those small towns that sleep with thier sister and cousins and All!
That he could walk out of the courtroom free is just shocking. Any other ethnicity would need a bullet proof vest just to be walked to a prison cell. SMH?????
We have not seen the devotees of Brevik yet. These Neo Nazis have had over 5 years and millions of dollars to steal heavy munitions and WMD. We have a longer road with these boys committed to a fight than we have with Covid.
How you FBI  go find all the rioters that burned and looted in all the states that it happened in haven't heard of a one yet good FBI a nether worthless part of government .they should all be held accountable  for the false impeachment  hoax . That started in2016
2021 has a great start!!! So awesome please put these old farts in prison for last year's of life.
They will be right at home when they get to prison. They must join a gang and there are always white supremacists in there.
Bet uncle Sam
Flight records to and from Washington will lead to everyone
Don't drop the soap and get used too the smell of cocoa butter and burnt vaseline
Live and prosper America ... Dear Ladies and Gentlemen! I wish you a happy new year! New Years is soon! A new era is coming! all troubles are over! may a good mood never leave you! Good luck, good luck to us !, Good luck to everyone ..... I love you all .... With a bow, Gennady. Dear Sirs, sorry that my text is off topic! .. I am from Russia, I live in Siberia, I am 62 years old, I position myself as an inventor! For obvious reasons, my know-how did not find popularity in Russia, in a country where 50% of the budget is formed by fossil fuels, my invention is doomed to be forgotten! I hope for caring business people who are not indifferent to the environment and nature. My power take-off rotor (conveyor type) will allow you to obtain energy from water flow (river, sea flow) on an industrial scale, using my submersible power plants without a dam, will help you avoid burning: coal, gas, oil, atom ... I am looking for a sponsor. ... investor (non-patent), my address is genapopovgena2018genady@yandex.ru
👀Hello ma'am you figured no one would see that patron👁️👁️ that speared, that cop,👀 with his back turn👀 what about him mmmmmmmm cheer's 🥃
Sedition
Treason!
They all need to pay, so this doesn't happen again.
#militidiots
arrest every single one
When the final cost of their criminal penalty is paid, the insurgents who stormed the US Capitol will have to ask themselves - Was it worth it?   Was Trump's ego worth their reputation, their job, their retirement nest egg, their $$$ to pay legal expenses, etc.
Fabulous!! From an onlooker in England the joy of seeing mob mentality being shown for the idiocy it is... THIS is reality, not some pseudo sociopathic parallel universe!!!
Is the FBI looking into the CORRUPTION in the Democrat and Republican parties, as well as the MSM and BIG TECH?  I DOUBT IT!  The people have had enough of the CORRUPTION, and many were desperate to do something!  If the officials only did their jobs, it  never would have happened!
Gotta Catch 'Em All
Lmao! Round'em up!!!
Who could have known that sedition cosplay would lead to federal charges? 🤷🏼‍♂️
Ha ha!!!
How about the coward (0:18 - 0:21) who blindsides the police officer and knocks him over the side?  He most definitely needs to be in jail!
Why didn't anything happen when North Vietnam invaded after the treaty was violated and all the buildings looted of US equipment. These people get in trouble but nothing happens to the looters in Vietnam stealing our stuff.
Can the military traitors involved in the riot be persecuted under court martial laws?
Gallagher?  FIND HIS SLEDGOMATIC!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Neighbor: Oh he’s a great guy...only burns crosses on Sundays.
This what happens when your parents are related lord help us .
Another one goes down as a result of believing in "The Big Lie".  No sympathy here!
They weren't quiet at capital that day were they??...
Why so quiet!!!!!!
Didn’t look like a riot to me not compare to the idiots in Portland
Disorderly conduct?  They were not at a bar in a fight.  That's bull shit.
Give him "life" for disrespecting the U.S. He's been privileged his whole life. It's time for him to see the other side of things now.
Track down all right wingers. They are a clear and present danger and should be treated as such.
Deplorable’s.
Why are these people being treated so much more harshly than the BLM rioters?
Now he acts like sheep he deserves jail
donald trump, All those republican senators and right-wing nuts cheering you on to storm the capitol, all for nothing and now you're going to prison.  I hope you wake up and realize that trump and his republican party fed you lies & literally threw you under a bus 😂.
A 61 year old elderly man acting in such violent manner. What have we become as a people.
What about all the BLM members that have destroyed and rioted ALL summer??? We going to seek them out and arrest them too????
They would have turned the Capitol into one gigantic trailer park. . . SMFH
You can't run, you can't hide.
Yet, nobody's surprised that the Democrats helped the Chinese CCP agents release a biological weapon on the world during an election to get biden in and win the house,Senate.  They kept the world health organization to stay silent and not warn anyone when the biological release happened in November 2019 or even before.
Very good
Why not arrest  Biden and Pelosi.they are the ones who plan what happens in Washington.
Hang'em all for treason.
Because a confederate flag and a fire extinguisher are WAY more severe than Molotov cocktails and actual explosive.. like the ones used for the last 8 months in the “peaceful” protests in our major cities. Way to go guys/gals
Naa, Trump supporters aren't deplorable...
His best defense is blame trump’s lies and instruct them to riot.
1 14 21 Hello to the Team, Seditious actions have consequences. Who woulda thunk? Time to lawyer UP. Stay safe, keep calm, & be well everyone. v
Why did they not arrest all the blm folks looting, burning, ETC...
Well Tommy boy....karma sucks.  You're disgusting.
What about that guy that just runs up and pushes a cop over the ledge. Find his ass and charge him as well.
Don't they still have pillories in small town NH?
Old a*s fart!
Lock them all up, make USA sane again.  Right to speech doesn’t mean you throw tantrums and join an unruly group/mob.  Causing personal injury and property damage.
People in their 50s & 60s getting arrested, freaking cattle humpers.
I hope you all can get them all that was a disgrace against this world....
FBI do your job and track everyone of these traitors down and prosecute them all to the full extent of the law!
I hope the book they throw at them weighs about a thousand pounds.
😌🥴🙃😂
tRump's new television show  "Orange jumpers in  capital prison". LMAO!
Lock them all up!
These northern confederates are funny lol
He doesn't sound so bad with a mob behind him.
After ardent then what? Is the questioned
Gallagher threw a fire extinguisher at a police officer as part of an insurrection.  Charge. Convict. Sentence. Next.
Anybody arresting those on the other side that burnt down cities all year???
Stop calling it a riot! It was an insurrection
Damn. Go FBI!!! They better actually charge these people. No matter how small they try to say their part was, they still played a part and should be charged. They won't learn otherwise.
Hahahaha
That's it exactly ... that ANYONE believes Trump and attempted that coup is absurd and so very sad.
Nice. Justice served.
I love New Hampshire. It's beautiful there. They don't represent the entire state
Is he the one who battered Officer Sicknick????
The reporter was reporting on the unlawful entry of MAGAs at the capital building.  Yet, she goes and knocked at the guy's door and put her hand on his doorknob as if to open it unlawfully.
I want to know what all these idiots are thinking after there terrorist acts in the state capital after getting arrested and soon to be arrested🤷🏼‍♀️
Where is your confederate flag at now Traitor?!!!!
What about charges of Sedition? Treason?  How about jail time for 10 years??  This guy is dangerous.
If the fbi says you're bad, you're probably in the right
Lock him up! Lock him up!! Lock him up!!
APPLAUD TO OUR FBI
I told the A**holes they would be arrested and or killed if they tried to do what they were threatening to do.
Oh ,you all do remember that Trump whiles hosting a rally he told his cult followers to punch and throw out anyone who disagrees with him and he Trump will pay their legal fees,ok ,I guess they will have a very long wait ,report have that he told his aides not to pay his good fella and chief defender Rudy Giuliani no money ,so if that is the truth,well a hold lot of you will be in the carlabose,prisons for you all ,and him ,well he will be enjoying life with your money you give so willingly to in Mara-Lago,So much for making you all great again!.
No body cares
When will they arrest the antifa and BLM rioters hey government it's okay to destroy public property right but personal property doesn't matter you don't give a shit but when it's your own that's when you go after everybody it's not about the building it's about what it represents it represents us
LOCK THEM ALL UP ! THE LAWS COMING FOR YOU! 😁👍
Lock them All Up for Gods Sake. Save America.
Hunt them down!! Hunt every single one of them down!! Keep up the good work, FBI!!
Smdh Shameless 😏🤣🤣🤣🙃
those mob that storming the Capitol Hill if mike pence and pelosy got caught by them they probably kill mike pence and pelosy.
Notice not one single ANTIFA or BLM affiliate has been arrested or identified? Its because none were there. MAGA, Proud Boys, and Boogaloo are such a disgrace to this nation. Its like having Nazis as neighbors.
Democrats = Socialism , move to China if you want Socialism , you will enjoy it more getting the beat down that you want so much
Send them to jail! His family should be ashamed
this guy and his fellow insurrectionists are pure trash!!
Kevin is garbage. That’s the comment.
We should build a wall around Florida and give it to the traitorous Trump supporters so they can have their own sweaty nation
1:54 we FBI will knock on your door, LOL poor MAGAs, now mailmen or girl scout with cookies knock off his door he will be immediately out in the boat or woods running away hehehe. But the worst thing is that trump already condemned their action on TV.
Put them all in Guantanamo Bay with the rest of the Terrorists.
Is that the fire extinguisher that killed an officer
This is all because of Trump and he needs to be punished for everything horrible he's done against Our Country.
Angry Deplorables because little man trump didn't make America great again. Instead, made America shameful again.
Haha.
Round up these domestic terrorists and prosecute them to the fullest extend of our laws!
No commitment, whaaat. You people never shut up........
They might be finding them, but they’re being let go....on BOND! Geez, guess that’s the worst that happens when u vandalize the Capitol. Now Johnny, don’t do it again. No sir, I won’t ( until next time Trump needs me) ok, all is well, u r dismissed...bye bye, Johnny take care 😠
Guilty
punish them all with long prison sentences.  they are scum of the earth.
Just another punk just another piece of crap no fines jail time for them all
You came 600 miles to DC and you will drive another 600 miles back to DC face the judge!
I hope everyone in that county absolutely embarrasses  him everyday.
Wished FBI WOULD HAVE DONE THIS WHEN ANTIFA AND BLM TERRORIZED THE WHOLE COUNTRY! WE DONT MATTER THOUGH- JUST POLITICIANS- AND BTW BE NICE IF U INFORMED THE PUBLIC SINCE U KNOW BY NOW THAT FBI SAID TRUMP DIDNT DO ANYTHING CUZ THAT WAS A PREPLANNED ATTACK! BUT THAT WOULD BE ASKING TO MUCH OF OUR MEDIA RIGHT!? To INFORM PEOPLE OF THE TRUTH??
I hope he rots in prison!
What’s arresting them gonna solve? It’s another so called 7 million supporters. Ready to kill an burn the White House to the ground.
Get them all!!🇺🇸😷
These Trump people screamed blue lives matter at BLM protesters. Now they are attacking and killing the police.
he wont get time..
FBI SAID PRE PLANNED AND THEY WARNED THE WHOLE CAPITOL BEFORE HAND - and WEIRD HAD DELAWARE GUY CARRYING A CONFEDERATE FLAG! Thought NORTH FREE FROM THAT KIND RACISM?!? Thought only SOUTH had racist??
Where are all the arrests from the riots last year. So many hurt,so much damage to property.
That dude from NH had nothing to do with the support of President Trump as the reprobate on the streets thinks.
Trump caused Republicans to lose the House, Senate and Presidency! So he actually did it, the silly bastard did make America great again! 😆😆😆
Bunch of thugs!
😂🤣
I love how they r naming and shaming these clowns 🤭😂😂👍
Conclusion:- These people obviously and grossly UNDERESTIMATED THE FBI🤦🏾‍♀️
these are not trumpers!
Oh, Winthorp.  How could you?"
Lock them up! Lock them up! Remember when these dummies were chanting that, not they get what they were asking for. Meanwhile chump is golfing! 😆
Traitor!
Everytime they said throwing unknown liquid, 85% of the time it’s pee
How about that, the guy with the Confederate Flag was not even from the South.
America a shining light of democracy. 😂😂😂
Ah ha ha ha he got caught...
I really love these news... lock them all up.
Fake patriots showing the world that they’re nothing but extreme right wing terrorists hiding behind the Stars and Stripes to justify their heinous actions! All led by a fake president and fake billionaire.
*Arrest every one of these racists, fascists AND terrorists! They are unworthy of being American citizen...* 😖
Being a "Patriot" means showing respect for law and order by trashing the Capitol and Blue lives Matter by assaulting and killing Cops. Glad I am not a Patriot. Just an old fashion American who knows he lives in the greatest county on earth.
Accused of being severely stupid, ......guilty you honor. Sorry your honor, I'm just that new kind of stupid in America.
"Whatcha gonna do when they come for you".
wow no charges for terrorism.. wow!! slap on the wrist.. how Original
MAGA More Are Getting Arrested
Domestic or Foreign. All TERRORISTS SHOULD STEW AT GUANTANAMO BAY.
Good
Mr lobban well said
Terrorist and traitors to our nation show them no mercy!
Why have they been  able to get bail before the 20 th January
Trump has lost control of his alliance of domestic terrorists and white supremacists. His appeal to a video camera for calm and unity is utterly emotionless and insincere: clearly, he was forced to read a script written for him! The anti-democracy alliance no longer cares what he says: they are locked and loaded, thirsting for American blood!
Trump lost. Trump is a loser. It's no conspiracy. The conspiracy is what drives gullible people like the guy in the video. The big lie. Stop believing lies. Open your eyes.
I hope they all get serious jail time for acting on a lie.
It doesn't matter how nice he seems sedition and insurrection is a federal crime. All of them committed those crimes. Prison sentences necessary.
How do you leave court facing federal time? 😂😂😂🤦🏿‍♂️
Domestic terrorists committing crimes resulting in the deaths of 5 others should be charged with homicide. In addition to Donald J. Tump’s executive order mandating 10 year prison sentences for defacing and violating federal buildings and property. Any and All governmental officials or spokesman who condoned and incited this terrorism should be charged as complicit conspirators. Otherwise they will do so again ...
FBI: 🎶 We gone find you, we gone find you! 🎶 they arresting everybody out here 😂😂😂
What's he doing out of jail. 20 years a minimum
Good!! Another Assh*le bites the dust!!
Traitor
A person can be a High Functioning Pillar of the community, however if their Common Sense or filter to avoid Bad Decisions did not develop they will make Bad Decisions like all the White Collar Professionals in the United States National Capitol Breaking And Entering Incident and people like the National Congressional and Senatorial Members that supported them.
who cares if you are polite now YOU SIR ARE A SHORT-LIVED INSURRECTIONIST AND YOU MUST BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE TO THE FULLNESS OF THE LAW FOR YOUR WICKED WICKED WICKED DEEDS OF TREASON AND TREACHEROUS VIOLENCE.
When I saw this headline, I thought it might be about all BLM/Antifa violence — but it was in fact the mob media ignoring all the democrat calls to violence in the past to punish the president and his supporters.
"Nobody knows impeachment better than me. Like you've never seen before."  - Donald J.Trump
REAL NEWS ''OBAMAGATE DOCUMENTS TO BE UNSEALED TONIGHT !!!'' GOOGLE IT !! TRUMP 2020 GET YOUR POPCORN ...UNSUBSCRIBE FROM FAKE NEWS               https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIsSqdRU2Lw
Is his Mommy going to get him a special diet in jail too?
Lock him up.  Murders
One by one. They will get arrested
PROSECUTE HIM TO FULLEST EXTENT OF THE law. Then Shame him for the traitor he is.
Did they get the antifa looking guy who checked someone over the railing wearing the antifa style backpack?
Lock them up!
Since when is it American to arrest someone for carrying a flag?!?!?  Whether you agree with that flag or not
LOCK THEM UP AND CONVICT CONVICT CONVICT
This is the most anti-American communist movement I have ever seen take place in my lifetime, I sure hope that Justice comes soon for those wrongfully arrested
I wished media would focus and expose all the people involved in burning cities and destroying businesses.
I LOVE IT!!!  KEEP EM COMMING!!...You know there's like a thousand people sitting in fear worrying that they are next.
The irony is that Trump is still the head of the justice department that's prosecuting his own supporters lol.
Hahaha, he was a real "Patriot" when he was smashing and looting, but no so much when on camera asking why he did so. What a maga champion. My gosh, are these guys ever witless cowards. Not a one has stood up for their "patriotic" actions. Goes to show.
protesting and boycotting are forms of hate
What about domestic terrorism?
One day just messed your whole life up,
Good lock him up!
Educationally challenged yahoos.
When are we going to start hunting people from the last 9 months??
"The wheels of justice turn slowly, but grind exceedingly fine" These "patriots" are learning this first hand.
What did these people expected to happen after such stupidity ?
Thank God - Trump orders declassification on Ukraine (Biden) and Russia Investigation.  A lot of people will probably be embarrassed and they should be grateful they aren't indicted.  The Media has told us for years there was interference when there wasn't.  Documents show the whole story was to cover up for Hillary.     Biden should be impeached - -  Ukraine investigator.  Media will be exposed for covering up this story and going after Trump like they did and Not Biden!!!
From back in June?  That was bad!
Another one bites the dust! Bye Felicia...
You got to get them now before they can do way more harm in the future
Are these the same people crying, where's my check and has money to go there and get arrested. Is he going to cry again to pay his find, where's my check?
They can't catch basic every day criminals shame on American the world is watching
Gallagher? Shameless?
They all need boiled egg therapy!
there araund 2000 ppl inside the Capitol that day....plus the others 3000!...Less criminals in this World!! I mean Psycos !
Trump said he would pay their legal fees.....🤷🏽‍♀️
Notice that they haven't  ARRESTED  the DEMOCRATS  that rioted  and burned BUSINESSES.   If they did  news media  sure not REPORTING  they like they are doing here
So not condoning what those people did, however why are they not putting this effort into apprehending the people of BLM and ANTIFA that burnt down our country, police station, and murdered 40 people?  Violence is Violence there is no justification either way.
It's really sad because most of these people who were part of the incerection were living a good life. One lady flew to DC on a private jet. I always fact check any information from any source other than the local news because when they get it wrong that always publicly retract and correct the story. My neighbor only watches Fox and listens to Rush on the radio and treats everything they say as facts.
"Live Free or Die"  state.  Wanna borrow a razor blade?
Funny that a hatred of masks and a love of selfies is what got so many of these clowns pinched.
I hope they put the Capitol rioter thugs in the same cell with the BLM animals and antifa scum who attacked police and attacked federal and police buildings.
Get em.  Everyone of them.
They should all get life sentence for killing people inside the capitol?!
I've been inside capital before... No one shot me, nor arrested. It was open to public..... Why was it not opened Jan 6??
Deadly riot? Lmfao. Portland and Seattle were deadly riots.
*attacks government, walks free in the parking lot* holy hell, what world are we in???
Tr*mp is THE vaccine - not the symptom
It blows me away that  these "Patriots " don't consider that the Confederate flag is a Democrat designed symbol!
Pos!
They should be tried for insurrection.
10 years no less
Just look at how the Media is hunting down everyone who was allowed to walk right in to the capital....Setup
But what happened to antifa and burn loot murder. They never went after those scumbags. They got away with everything not fair nay all.
It's all fun and games until you are slapped with a federal charge carrying years of prison time - not to mention the fines that might be levied against them .. all this for a failed reality show star.
Everybody Gangsta ‘til the G-men come a-callin’... Then the nadsies get all shriveled. Oopsie!
Turn Coats with two faces. Being polite now, but a raging monster on Jan. 06, 2021.
Traitors!
It's refreshing to finally see white people being arrested! for once! "Now we let's try to work, on giving them, larger bail amounts!" Let's make them sit in prison till their trials come up, like they do to the other Americans. "When the we change the rules on a terrorist attack!? "If these people were Brown or Black, they will be held without bail"
i hope he spends the rest of his days in jail along with his band of thugs...
20 years for this TRAITOR
TRASH!!!
What did these clowns think was going to happen?
Get them all!.
:Knock knock :Who's there? :F :F, Who? :B.I.😂
I hope he gets violated in prison the way he violated the capital.
Okay you trump supporters. trump told you at the rally at the capital, " I WILL MEET YOU THERE AT THE CAPITAL". HE lied to you again. It's actually funny, he set you all up to take a fall for him. He wasn't going to do it himself.  He knew you would do it. Actually rudy, trump jr, they got you all motivated , to carry the crime out. That's actually very funny. Now you all will wind up on the terrorist watch list. No more passports for you. No flying for you. That's funny. You dumbasses. You did it to yourself.
You trumpanzies should of listened to Edward Snowden when he said the Government can use Facial Recognition to hunt down Terrorist. & Yes, what they did Jan 6, 2021 was a terrorist attack. Never thought i would see our Capital look like Afghanistan swarmed by idiots crying about a Orange Haired Bamboo losing his job.
These idiots, wouldn't know what voter fraud is if it bit them in the ass. These people act as though there has been no court challenges to the question of voter fraud.  There have been over 60 court challenges that have shown "NO VOTER FRAUD"!!! When you believe in and put your trust in a CON-ARTIST, you eventually will get burned!
FBI find women standing outside broken congress window, she was giving directions to rioters of top security offices.
shameless
Wow. Let's put that much work in human trafficking
Reiner hmmmm.
Got em,🤣🤣🤣
Ah yes, attacking your government is "treason". When in reality every politician should be crucified and the fed to hogs for their bullshit. Treason to one's countrymen is the crime of the multitudes NOT revolting.
So brave on-site...selfies and photos to show off...why now not turn yourself in at the nearest police station and face the consequences of your actions. In actuality, all of them are cowards...hiding in the basements, etc...just like its leader Trump. So sad.
20 years in prison should give him time to think about his treason.
Patriots better get their ass in gear and get some fund raisers going for these American heroes
What about all the death threats issued by Democrats? What about all the Democrat incited riots?
More MAGA terrorist captured.
Everyone should've been wearing mask to hide their identity
Ya it is a disgrace
Hooray for the FBI! " . . . And justice for all!"
All these people getting arrested and losing their jobs for storming the capital are realizing why their grandparents wore hoods.
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣👍
Reel the dopes in
All MAGA and Qanon terrorists are being arrested for processing and detainment at FEMA centers.  Some will be charged and tried as a deterrence to others.
Good! Charge them all...charge all these criminals!
Thank you America 🇺🇸🇺🇸 I love you America 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Clown who threw the extinguisher is going to be DOING TIME LOL. I laugh each time I see a new clown being taking away in cuffs
People will do what people do. Who says protests gave to be peaceful..
Haha 😄.  They are coming for all of you scumbags and if you act a fool next week at Mr. Biden's Inauguration, National Guards will be waiting for you.
Another ignorant traitor bites the dust.  I really hope they broadcast their trials on cspan.
No surprise. Pro-Gun Activists have been ranting for decades that they need guns to attack the government; which they believe they and they alone have the right to do if they get angry enough. Who did they think they’d be rebelling against? Stormtroopers?   Seriously, these dangerous children have been allowed to terrorize America for too long. Our rights are protected by the judicial system, not terrorist threats and violence. Third world nations allow armed goons to roam around scaring people into obedience. America chooses our leaders by voting, not Trial By Combat!
Charge him woth treason
Arrest and prosecute them all!!!
Trump should pay their legal fees
Yeah!!! Get them all!! Every last one!!
EXCELLENT JOB! U FBI GUYS!  👏👏👏👍👍👍💪💪💪
Get that man some jail
If they can identify people from the capital video WHY can’t they identify people from all the Epstein maxwell vidios and recordings!
And one of the most important perpetrators Rudy Juliani is still out there telling everyone it was antifa.
Nice plad shirt.yall
Why aren't they arresting those Antifa BLM Said nobody WITH a brain 🎃🎃🎃🎃😂😂😂
More proof that America is racist to it's core. If black people had been involved in this riot, it would have been NO BAIL and more serious charges leveed. The courts are charging these people with criminal mischief and trespassing. 5 people died and nobody's being charged for that.
Why do most if not all of these guy's look alike? Why do white 40 - 50 yr old men hate this country so much?
Still wearing the same outfit. Dead giveaway!
Notice the humble walk of shame with these pieces of crap.
Wow, I did not realize that the FBI was even working for our Government anymore. I GUESS TNEY ONLY COME OUT OF THEIR OFFICES IF THE DEMOCRATS TELL THEM TO.
Didn’t trump promise to pay their legal fees 😂
I guess blue lives only mattered over the summer
You think TheRump will be paying their legal costs?!
Good lord world just leave me alone!!
What happened to all these 60+ year olds.  I am the same age and don't know when seniors got so stupid.  Axing social security was definitely on the orange ones list.
What happened to, when the looting starts... the shooting starts?
This reminds me of a Stephen King movie, when one evil man came into town and he turned all the town’s people against one another. That’s the corruption of Donald J. Trump, when you get a taste of him....he will make your life a living hell.
All the deplorables wore it with a badge of honor. Now they will have the criminal record to go with it.
PRISON
Defund the $800 Billion Dollar Military & Police.
Trumpskis very Fine People 👹👺🧒🏼
All fun and games when you   B burn    L loot  and   M murder all summer long in dozens of Democrat run catastrophes of cities , supply bricks , gas coctails and travel , then complain about a broken window and a few serious casualties considering the many hundreds of thousands of taxpayers showed up to voice opinions in one shot . It should have been much worse . Shoe is on the other foot now .
No comment. Why so quiet suddenly ???
Yea he’s real quiet now! “Nothing to say? Your so brave Coward!
Do you think the gist of these adult males enjoy the leisurely use of firearms? Guess what, federal conviction even for simple trespass, thats right, no pistol permit for you.
Sure would hate to see something happen to his house.
No one is getting any terrorists charges?
I want to ask if it was worth it but I bet  he would say it was
See ya latah, shitbird.
The FBI will find you... They aint playin!
That older gentlemen said it right “it’s disgraceful” they disgraced our capitol and humiliated us around the world.
The hell u starting crap while u live in s peaceful town and life..  hard head makes a soft behind
I just love how all these people hold confederate flags, nazi flags and trump flags....these are all groups that were defeated.
Welcome to Law and Order..don't let the foreign enemies corrupt your mind to go against your fellow Americans ..stop watching videos to corrupt your mind to go against Americans interest ..
Every time a Capitol Building protester is arrested, an angel gets their wings.🤣
GO GET THEM AND LOCK THEM UP
another one down
Stealing elections will have consequences... People are angry and upset. Going into the capitol was wrong. 100 days of burning looting and stealing and no arrests. The double standards for the so called peaceful protestors burning down cities and killing people VS trump supporters.. Unreal...
wasn't a riot
Wondering why the fbi let antifa take over a state Capitol and a city block, destroy business, and fire bomb police, and yet take these guys down. Politicans were actually bailing out these people, and saying that protests don't have to be peaceful... that's ok though
Good !!  Track these jackasses down like the dogs they are...
🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT OUR FRIEND 🤦🏾‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️
Two more losers caught. Bye Bye.
Going down trumpers!!!! Yah!!!!!
Probably Donald Trump lawyer will help him for being a moron 🤣
01:04 Thomas Gallagher ,  In the words of Simpsons'  Universe reprobate Nelson Muntz: "Ha Ha"... No worries there "patriot" who carries a confederacy flag... The Trump  "GENEROSITY AND CARING"  train will be pulling into a station near you with $$$$$$$$$$$$ Aide for you and all your loved ones just like he did for all those U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico after the tornado...Hey, while  your locked up for the briefest of time keep your eyes towards the sky there BUDDY maybe you can spot a TRUMP,  I MEAN A PIG ,same difference,  flying by,,,,,
tRump followers too extremist  Need to stop, this country run MAFIA leaders the resulted lawlessness, corrupt, hypocrisy and undermine American democracy.
The tyrannical government we’ve all talked about is finally here arrest the citizens that stand for freedom while they protect the rioters that have been burning and looting and destroying businesses toppling statues and promoting violence against conservatives for the past 4 years, remember Maxine waters ? She did worst than what president trump did but don’t you dare talk about that you see she’s African and therefore we are racist if we claim anything. Hipócritas, pero dios es grande y su justicia no tarda .
Keep taking them down. Justice matters!!!!!!
Not so arrogant and boastful now.
Loving it!
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying these news stories arresting them all one by one? Love that these loonies are getting caught.
And now for a new episode of “America’s dumbest criminals”
Wow the should do this to the blm and antifa rioters too get all the people that destroy monuments and property
When someone tells you, you're either a hero or a zero, then goes too hide, and you listened. Oh well, that means you're  a fool. Goof luck watching them play golf from jail. Dont drop the soap.
But he said he loved us.
there is a 100% chance that russsia and other enemy nations had hiden secret specialist operitives helping to incite the riots and gain access after MAGA broke down the doors for them. i am sure they stole laptops, computers, files etc., to get any military advantage over our military. MAGA would feel no remorse on helping our enemies kill our soldiers. they gave our enemies at least a one month notice to prepare for this.
There is a Kevin Seifert company right down the street from me I'm wondering if it's the same guy
Lotta people tried to warn you, dude. Talk about sheep
what i find hilarious is the fact that everyone they have arrested so far, don't seem to have ties to antifa like a lot of trump supporters seem to claim. "the people causing violence are antifa, dressed up as trump supporters!" ahaha yeah.....okay.
A northern one bites the dust.
see ya, beotch
Beautiful everyday  this rioters are coming down like domino's effect  Now he is so quiet but what about on the day they assault the Capitol
If they're guilty, lock them up!  Same goes for Trump.  In the USA no one is above the law.
What about those   who burned  churches you  don't remember hypocrite
He’s arrested for glorified trespassing 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
another one bites the dust
People who report and post about these men with their names trying to shame them are more disgusting than the people who are being arrested all have families and children who should not have to worry about being safe regardless of how you feel about the individual be careful what you say and what you do because no one is a saint and they will come for you next !!!
Not enough arrest yet get them all
throw the book at him
People in prison don't like people like that.
Shoot them first and ask the question later.
And his mother said he's such a good boy.
god i cant get enough of these videos. theyre like candy
Let's put Trump suggestion on the good old days; Let's hang them by a tree. Now, everybody is upset and it is Ok for Republicans and Trump's supporters???????? Enough is enough.
Isn't it interesting how quick the media was to label this a riot. But all the BLM RIOTS were "protests" or "mostly peaceful protests"  Why wasn't this a mostly peaceful protest?? Doesn't fit the left's narrative?
Remember, Jeffery Dahmer's neighbors were surprised, too.
Who cares? BLM and Antifa been rioting government buildings for the last year. Why is this news?
Can I just say how grateful I'd be living  in such a beautiful spot?       Too bad this traitor won't be enjoying it much longer.
I hope they use that law IMPOTUS pushed something about damage to federal property automatic 10 years 🤔gotta love America 🇺🇲
Good, they are not Patriots they terrorist
These fools will pay fines or sit in prisons while the Trumps sit in their mansion in Florida.
FBI dropped the ball on 9-11 hijackers, Boston bomber, and Pulse nightclub shooter. True story.
When your wannabe leader turns on you and throws you under the bus
load up boys and head out for DC. take a change of clothing with ya this time. that way if you don't make it back you have decent attire they can put on ya for the funeral. you know like the 5 Americans that got killed on your last COUP!!
Never Trumpers pretending or net working w DCMayor to stage anti Trump event.
Yes!  Get their asses!
What with the traitor pushing an officer in the back, throwing overboard the ramp. I would like him to be arrested too. His vicious attack in the back is a demonstration of a coward.
If this was a riot by antifa then trump and Co would be filling up the concentration camps right now.
Lock them up!!! Lock them up!!? 🤣🤣🤣
Oh those pore politicians that have been promoting violence for years how terrible that they get what they sow give me a break not one of them lost there business or a single pay check bo ho cry me a river
No!! the cop are busy opening the doors "Wake White Woman", did you not watch anything? https://rumble.com/vcjujh-police-bringing-in-antifa-and-blm-into-the-capitol.html
If FBI only spent this much time on the 9-11 hijackers that killed  3K.
He doesn't look strong right now
Fantastic! Keep it up! All these traitors need to be arrested and convicted!
It’s not Your House. It’s a restricted building. Can’t walk in there and destroyed it. Can’t fix stupid.
Ironic that he will be remembered for lawlessness and riots
Believe what trump says, gets you a record and I'm not talking about a record deal!!!
Lmao that shit doinked that cop
those beautiful surrounding exchange with metal bars for many years. welldone you
So, is Thomas Gallagher a Trump supporter or more likely one of the Antifa CCP members who coordinated this false flag?
How about Hillary? How about Hunter? How about voter irregularities and affidavits of impropriety? What, no agents?
Be careful MA, those thugs always cross the border to protest here.
Good. Get them all. Every last one.
If I lived there, I wouldn't want to leave. So beautiful over there. You'd think someone who lives in such a place would be peaceful. I guess not.
So the fire extinguisher thrower has been arrested! Yes!! Now throw the book at him!!!
well, all of a sudden they are all "very polite" when in front of the justice
One person in every community, and they call themselves the real Americans, guess your whole neighborhood doesn't agree with you.
Traitor
"I love the poorly educated." Donald Trump
Not so good ole boys being taken down. Thank you FBI. Thank you National Guard now guarding democracy and federal buildings across USA. There is a film called Killers of the Osage Moon coming out based on true book and it traces the founding of the FBI to take down good ole nasty bigots killing Native Americans after they marry in to their family to inherit oil drilling money on tribal owned lands. ye ha. I bet NH and ME will offer up more than this fellow. Can't hide behind camo Carhartt and in the ice fishing shack forever or stashed away "at camp."  I saw video clearly showing that fire extinguisher hit two policemen when a man heaved it at them like ten feet away. Shame. Opposite of Patriot. Traitors and criminals.
THE GOVERNMENT MAKES ITS CITIZENS RID OF THEIR HISTORY AND SAY IT WAS ALL WRONG, BUT OUR FAMILY MEMBERS DIED FOR THIS COUNTRY, WHAT SHOULD WE SAY OR FEEL, THE AMERICAN GOVERNMENT IS AT FAULT FOR ALL GOING ON. GOD BLESS USA
Another one bites the dust!! Yay 😊
Aww like fires
No arrests all summer long teens killed and this is the bull you see now, justice sucks
They r all terrorist. Why are they allowed bail?
These traitors are going to get off with just a little slap.
Where's all the big smiles they had when they were destroying the capitol building?!
It just no excuse for people being so ignorant. Maybe if they used the web for something not subversive, they would learn the truth about their riot leader.
The FBI says: "The FBI has a long memory and a broad reach" Some if not most of those who are appended are in serious trouble.
lock him up!  lock him up!  lock him up!
Good.  Lock them up.  Lock them up. Lock them up
Can he be the jails new cook
What's even better is the man he bends over for has dropped him like a hot potato, then again it takes a fool to expect loyalty from someone like Trump and his base is full of them.
Thomas Gallegos is a NAZI. PROSECUTE HIM FOR TREASON.
Trump calls 'CHARGE' then runs the other way as he always does.
I guess they all thought Trump would pardon them
Robert Sanford the NAZI and his family aren’t welcome in SANFORD. GET OUT OF SANFORD
They were not quiet last Wednesday.
and all these people are the fall guys for this crazy maniac of a president who just expects to walk away as if nothing happened.  He has no morals, no scruples, he'll get his just rewards when his business empire collapses aroind his ears and all the law suits against him kick in
not so boisterous today, eh traitor?
Terrorism is very healthy in US right now. Ignored for years, now out of control
Proud boys and trumptards, stand back and stand by..... for a knock on your door and handcuffs...
people who commit treason should be strung up. you tried to destroy your own country for a narcissistic dictator. there is no excuse and no pardon.
FUCK!!! SEDITION & INSURRECTION.....if he was Black he'd already be beaten.
LOCK HIM UP! LOCK HIM UP!
SWEET!!!!!!
I love seeing the right get own so bad 🙂
Lock him up  Lock him up  Lock him up
Loving all these Arrest
Okay you're free to go you have a nice time at the inauguration guy what the f***
Capture every single one of them and prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law.
Get them all and make them all pay for their actions!
Golly. Trump and the right wing propaganda outlets have really screwed up a lot of lives with their lies. But the lies are so obvious, you really have to be stupid to fall for them to this extent. I hope this guy rots in prison for doing what he did.
Trump will bond him out! He got ur back! 🤔
It's amazing that they have the manpower and resources to go after these people but they just can't seem to find a single Democrat/Communist or any other corrupt politician. Selective justice in this country.
if you are convicted of a federal crime you lose your right to vote as well as your right to possess weapons. If they thought their votes didn’t count before wait until they find their voting days are over and their beloved guns are out of their lives.
i am sure dear leader will pardon you, champ. hang in there.
Why are you giving publicity to these scum bags? that's what they wanted..just put them in jail.😠😠😠
I'll be waiting for Netflix documentary on this one while these idiots act a fool I'm safe in my home 🏠🏡🏠🍿🍿🍿🥃
Time to pay some time ...IN...👏👏👏
I hope the fines for these trumptatds are astronomical.
IDIOTS waving the bible and storming the building. Try to top that insanity..
Round them all up 😊; leave no stone unturned.
GOOD
LOS REPUBLICANOS SE JUEGAN LA DIVISIÓN DE SU PARTIDO SI PIERDEN., serán menos         LOS KAMIKAZES DEMOS SI GANAN SE DIVIDE EL PAÍS DESEAN DESTRUIR EL MUNDO THE REPUBLICANS PLAY THE DIVISION OF THEIR PARTY IF THEY LOSE., THE DEMOS KAMIKAZES IF THEY WIN THE COUNTRY DIVIDES THEY WISH TO DESTROY THE WORLD
Caught!! Nice work, FBI!!
His going to get a pardon when Trump gets sworn in for his second term on the 20th
Find, arrest and release......white privilege which back fired
If they were so mad they should've  fight the FBI agents that went out to look for them. Yeah rats can fight by themselfs they have to be in groups.
Did you know Charlie makes 165000 plus 65000 housing allowance!  Doesn’t miss a paycheck!  That is crazy and everyone sits on their hands and applauds?  Boy he is doing a great job snow jobing everyone! My kid can’t go to school but can go to work at a big box chain grocery store for hours but no Cofu there or at the liquor store?????? Wake the F up people before you are all in cages! Man people are so weak and weak minded it’s sad beyond belief?!?!?  Plus I know multiple elderly that have gotten Cufu and they are perfectly fine! and this is without the dumb Vac!!!!!!!! Gutless........
These people are from every state in the union. That surprises me
OUSTANDING GET EM ALL
From Queen:"Another One Bites The Dust! LOL
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
where's the insurrection charge ?!?!? so he gets to walk away AGAIN
More terrorists caught. Good job FBI. You do your nation proud.
Why do all these people look like pedophiles?
People were crapping and peeing in the offices. Let that sink in
No we just need a judge to throw the book at them.
After being stupid enough to believe that coward Trump was going to walk down to the Capitol with you,..How do you feel now that he calls you Antifa or says he didn't want you seditious traitors to create havoc?   FOOL!
The long arm of the law strikes again
Why didn't you wear your MAGA hat, gallagher? You don't seem man up, do you?
so what do you get for this: 20 years in prison  mountain of legal defense bills put on the no fly list lose your home  looe your job lose all your guns never be able to vote again  labeled a terrorist with law enforcement  all for what...so trump could get 4 more years of criminal immunity....what fools
More more more
Traitors all of them- that's not protesting-wtf!
M any A ssholes  G etting  A rrested
Trump.  Did Not tell them to do this..
When are they going to arrest trump?
I still haven’t seen any of these traitors with a cop holding them down with a knee on there neck!!
I wonder if this guy knows that his hero has renounced all of his supporters who rioted and he demands their punishment.That's the man who incited you to riot and then throws you under the bus!
Not so much of a "patriot" now, are you?
charge them all with murder
It wasn't a "riot"...it was an armed insurrection and the traitors need to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
NEW HAMPSHIRE HATES TRAITORS
COP KILLER TRAITOR
Lol she said calm and polite
Gotta catch 'em allll!!!!!
No charges of domestic Terrorism???
They all deserve a minimum of 10 years in prison.
LOCK HIM UP!!!!!
When there’s criminals on the inside opening doors, doesn’t make it right, ask a bank robber.
I'm not afraid bullets  I'm not afraid cobra but... I'm afraid leadership of United states America put the words in my brain
Look like it was a thousand people or more desecrating those sacred buildings with their confederated flags and conspiracy theories.  Get each and every one.
The lawyers are making a killing off this dumbass riot
if he killed the capitol guard: life  in prison  no parole  if not hanging for treason
There videos that the doors were open how come the doors was open, mix messages✊🇺🇸😎
I love the thought of these morons constantly peeking through the blinds wondering when it's going to be their turn to be arrested. Hahaha.
He was told not to worry, that Rudy would defend him.
Never trust a Gallagher hell shameless taught us that.
Just arrest every Republican and be done with it
Not so tough now huh?..
Imagine , getting so mad that you threaten to kill people ,  because you are too lazy , or too stupid , to "get up to speed " enough , to know that the claims of election fraud were lies from a serial liar .            When you lose 61 of 62 election law suits over 8 states , it should tell you something about your legal arguments .             When a Trump appointed judge from Pennsylvania , tells Rudy Giuliani , " With the evidence that you have presented , I couldn`t throw out one ballot , let alone millions ."  it should tell you something  .           When a Republican lawyer in Georgia , L. Lin Wood , goes to court , claims that " problems " in Michigan ,  likely showed up in Georgia as well  , but , is caught comparing MINNESOTA population numbers with Michigan voters ,  it should tell you something  about his competence and honesty ..
traitors are everywhere
