May their Souls rest in peace 🕊️💜
No, I think what happened was merrill.Monroe was murdered because she knew the mafia.She knew kennedy
I love your voice.. your voice would be a great radio voice 🤌
to this day, my mind refuses to accept Michael's passing.... 😭😭😭
Arthur Dark’s Top 10 Famous Graves – The revisit to Audrey Hepburn’s grave to catch the sun was well worth the additional 30 minutes 😊.
For me on my headstone,I want an inscription saying “move, your blocking the view “ 😊
What tears me up - these foreign born celebs were mostly made extremely wealthy by Americans and mist things USA,  yet - all these other countries take the glory from the country that supported them.  Ef em all. 😊
Not bad most of these actors were definitely before my time RIP y'all
Brilliant
Thank you for showing us rod Sterling’s gravesite I love watching the twilight zone I still watch today😊
You Excel at what you do,the filming, editing, time and work that goes into these videos is A+.
Arthur, you were such a cute little boy!!!!
I couldn't help but notice how the graves provide insight into the character of the people you highlight. Michael Jackson, whose life was so controversial and grandiose, has an over-the-top ostentatious grave setting that screams "look at me, I'm so special". Charlie Chaplin has his fourth wife Oona at his side, but separate and not crowding his celebrity. She was the daughter of playwright Eugene O'Neill, who disowned her when she married the 54 year old actor only a month after her 18th birthday. Their union was considered scandalous and indecent, and changed how Chaplin was viewed. The Little Tramp had become a dirty old man. Audrey Hepburn was a top tier star for decades, but who limited her stellar career to be a mother and to champion the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund. UNICEF is not well known today, but in Audrey's time, it was totally associated with her and her visits to devastated areas of the world where children were in desperate need of emergency intervention. She didn't care if she was photographed without makeup; it wasn't about her, it was always about the children surrounding her. She had grown up during WWII in Belgium, under Nazi occupation, and she knew hunger first hand. Hepburn's grave is simple and beautiful, much like the woman herself.
Wow Audrey Hepburn died on January 20th 1993, my only brother also died on January 20th only in 2011.  ( i have 3 dates i absolutely despise and thats one of them) its weird how grief works.
Let's just close this case Marilyn Monroe was killed because of too much pillow talk with the Kennedy brothers as well as the mafioso she talked too much and found out after that perfect crime disguised as a political assassination,having inside knowledge was a bad idea
Would like to see Burt Lancaster grave ❤❤❤
How about tina turner grave site  ❤❤❤❤
I love your videos you put out i have been going to graves for years always looking for family graves i have photos of my family back to 1850s and a out door photo from 1893 of my Gr Gr Grandmothers tomb stone in Yorkshire ,England   Thank you  im from London, Canada
I love your Graveyards story's. Greetings from Germany and Belgium stay save 🕊️🤍🥀🌿✨🍁
always been a big fan of Poe their is an old Tavern in Philadelphia  we're Poe's ghost has been spotted many times at a table  I sat at that table alone in the dark with a candle unfortunately no ghost, but I've always dreamed about this red church. It's always high up and It had interesting windows in the front  and it was above a graveyard, which was strange but not for my dreams many times I dream of graveyards like you I'm an Explorer. I can't pass a great graveyard without stopping in. Imagine my surprise when I want to Baltimore for the first time for a nice weekend chance to visit Poe and he's buried next to the church in my dreams.
Audrey was not born in België but in Arnhem  Netherland😂
Big fan! Been subbed for years now. My personal favourite is comedian Spike Milligan who wanted his headstone to read “I told you I was sick” but was refused by the parish. So he instead put what he said was an old Irish saying; “Dúirt mé leat go raibh mé breoite”. Which is actually Irish for “I told you I was sick.” 😂
The only famous grave I've visited was Selena Quintanilla's when I was living in Corpus Christi, TX.
I wonder if it was a stroke that killed Edgar Allan Poe
What a great channel you have! I travel with you to interesting places. A suggestion! Meeting the dead on the last night of the year! A cemetery in the Middle East. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNh67TPAk18&t=974s
As you were filming yourself for the last grave, I said, "Wait! That's Fayette St! I know where he's going!"
I am sad that Michael's fans have no more opportunities to visit his resting place. Shortly after Michael was laid to rest in the golden casket, I was able to be alone with his remains in the tower . Back then few people visited resting places. So I was able to touch the  Casket and say a prayer. Standing in the stained glass light was beautiful. I miss Michael.
I remembered when walt died
My favorite, no bell and whistles , just very peaceful. Oak Hill Cemetary in San jose Ca.  Brooke Hart - The Great Mausoleum @ Oak Hill Memorial Park
I have not been to any famous graves but the top of my list includes Bruce Lee and Edgar Allen Poe for sure. I'd like to visit Billy the Kid, Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday too.
Arthur, I was profoundly moved by Westminster Abbey. The lovely face of Mary, Queen of Scots.
It has to be my mom's grave 🪦 although it is Mother's Day so I had to say so.
Amo o Pato Donald  por suas imperfeições.
Of Edgar Allen Poe my ultimate favorite stories are the two you mentioned: "The Tell Tale Heart" and "The Pit & The Pendulum" of which I believe was the basis of/for the Vincent Price film of the same name.  Side note: my ultimate favorite Vincent Price movies, besides the P & P, are "Wax Museum" and "Doctor Phibes". 😊 Keep up thegreat videos, Arthur. I absolutely love your channel. And UNLIKE some other channels about Hollywood stars, YOURS is actually ACCURATE and SPOT-ON about your background information about the individual stars. I consider myself a fairly good trivia and info buff on quite a few stars of old. Plus I learn about others that I didn't even know about from watching your videos. 👍👍❤️❤️ Thank you.
Audrey also was part of the war.
Personally, it's Betsy Ross's grave. It is special to me because I got to portray her. My goal is Anne Boleyn's burial spot.
I love your honesty
My mom absolutely loved your videos.  She passed recently.  I'm glad you came across my feed again
The accompanying music is so happy go lucky…full of good cheer and happiness….irony
Arthur wears the coolest shades and caps
Arthur, you'd be the perfect resource researcher that could settle the conspiracy surrounding the interment of Michael Jackson.  His mother Katherine stated publicly that she had fears of Michael's body being stolen.  And she had mentioned cremation, with scattering in a private location.  His father Joe wanted Michael to be buried at Neverland and morph it into another Graceland.  Rumor has it that Michael was cremated (no authenticated post-mortem photos of Michael exist where he's dressed or inside his Batesville 48oz Omega Bronze gold-plated casket).  Additionally, an easement clause was put in place allowing Michael's descendants access to the "wishing tree" at Neverland, in perpetuity.  Scattering location?  If you look at his death certificate, his place of disposition is the cemetery; however, it would also say that if his cremation occurred in that crematory.  And why hasn't Michaels name been engraved on his tomb? Hmmmmm...............Being a 31-year licensed funeral director, there's something fishy here................
You speak excellent English, but learning how to pronounce people’s names correctly would make this a lot better.
Hank Williams, Sr. Grave, Montgomery, Alabama. The GREATEST COUNTRY Singer and Songwriter of all time……
Alte Friedhöfe sind interessant und auch gruselig
Fantastic video. Love your work and music.
When death finally dies.  https://youtu.be/dCpOUg-aaGA?si=eVnd_a7HD3T8S-Ty
My favorite "grave" is yet in the future when Jesus Christ destroys death itself. In Revelation 1:18 (KJV), Jesus declares, "I am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death," signifying his victory over death and the grave.   💀🪦  Top THAT one !
Walt Disney was born in Chicago in 1901 not Kansas City.
a very interesting perspective journey...
This twilight zone Hollywood graveyard special got me into subscribing to this channel thank you Mr. Arthur dark ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Things are not always what you think they are just because you want to believe them.  Oh and I am of an age where I watch them the first time around.   George Burns was unfaithful to Gracie Allen at least once.  I'm sure if people look it up it's really kind of cute the joke that Gracie Allen made about her husband cheating on her.  Also a funny story:   George Burns tells why he gave Gracie Allen all the jokes that's a cute story too!
Like ur videos, but this from 2023...nothing recent its 2025!!!🤷
Enjoy your videos. Have only just recently come over them. Great voice. Thank you from the UK.
Arthur you were such an adorable child ❤ thank you for all your dedication and hard work , We all here appreciate you so very much !❤
Awwww George truly Loved his wife .❤
I came across a grave while taking a walk , it wasstood over🎉 kind of spooky ,the graveyard was in the woods mostly big weeping willow trees all around , I stood in front of it and it read .... As you stand I once was now I am here and so you will be , Do youm think it was spooky ? And it was dated  1922.
The twilight zone series! Amazing!!!!!
For me, probably Elitha Donner. As a native Californian, I grew up knowing the story of the Donner party. Just.... all of it... was just part of the atmosphere. Add in regular trips through Truckee over Donner Pass....   Elitha was 14 when rescued in the first relief. She is buried about three miles from where I sit at this moment. The elementary school named for her is a bit further.... seven miles? maybe.
I wonder why he stopped
What an amazing past Mel Blanc did for so many of us in our childhoods.. Always loved everything he did.. But, i'm sure, some political protest will come up about him too.. If only people could just realize the pleasures he wanted for all of us, no matter how old we were..Most performers weren't out to attack someone from a different background than their own.. It was all about laughter, show business and making families happy.. Perhaps making sure people were not thinking of the meseries around them.. We need this in this day and age.. Right now, nothing can equal themselves to these times of performance and laughter..All of these performers from these times.. should have gotten an award.. not just a few performers, but every one of them..
Well my grandpa John cantara is a marine that was born in 1933 and died in 2022
H.M.   CLARK GABLE. BERNARD HERMANN. PINTO COLVIG. HARRY HOUDINI. JEAN HARLOW. CAROLE LANDIS. DAVID NIVEN. BETTIE PAGE. CARRIE FISHER + DEBBIE REYNOLDS. MAE WEST. JACK BENNY. LEIGH HARLINE. UB IWERKS. TONY SLY. GALILEO. LUCIANO PAVAROTTI. PAULETTE GODDARD. CHOPIN. BRUCE + BRANDON LEE. RUDOLPH VALENTINO. ED WYNN. JUDY GARLAND.
As a kid at Disney land I looked up at the man standing next to me and it was none other than Walt Disney. I'm 75 and was young so he looked exactly the same and so tall to me. He looked like he was nice. I also walked backwards into Fred McMurray. He grabbed me so I wouldn't fall. He was with his wife June haver and his two daughters. We ended up on the boat ride with them. Just normal nice people having a good time.
Marylin Monroe was killed by the Kennedy's. Had to many affairs.
Elvis Presley grace is my #1.  Amazing tour too
My 3 famous favorite graves though i haven gotten to visit except by this channel are George Burns Jackie Gleason and Rodney Dangerfield
You do so well and with such respect but I would love to see the grave of Michael Jackson please
PEOPLE THAT VISIT Norma Jean.....have destroyed her crypt
YOU VISITED, GEORGE.....and didn't know Grace. I grew up hearing, "say good night, Gracie". WTF......I knew this.
WALT WAS A AWFUL PERSON.....if you believe he's there, you are extremely misinformed
I thought that Walt Disney was frozen?
So very respective and thoughtful of you to return to Audrey Hepburn resting place once the weather turned and rays of sunshine appeared. This lady deserves Rays of sunshine.
Thank you for placing Audrey Hepburn  in this list!
george michael,s grave never be another singer like him such an awesome voice but so troubled in his personal life and of course he gave all his money to his sister :)
My favorite one you've done had a story to it,  Not just a visit but the entire story.  When you went to Chapel of The Pines to help catalog final remains of folks thought to be lost forever you searched for "The Original Santa Claus, Edmund Gwenn.  You searched alphabetically and could not find it.  Then like a true Hollywood mystery, there he was.  Then after contacting the family you raised funds to have Mr Gwenn join the stars at Hollywood Forever.  I was proud to donate.  That program really moved me.  Thank you
These graveyards you visit, are they free?Or do you have to pay to go in to see these people
Nothing could be more pretentious and out of touch with reality than to not allow people to visit your grave.
To be able to get special permission to see Michael Jackson's grave is beyond belief. Thanks for a wonderful video
I just wanted to let you know that I thoroughly enjoy. You're videos. I'm hoping that the cemeterious and mausoleums, that you go to were not burned up nor your house.  My heart goes out to all of your friends and family and people you know.
I've been a Edgar Alan Poe fan since highschool
Personally I would have included Vincent Van Gogh's tomb, but it must be admitted that there are actually too many tombs to include for just one top ten
Walt Disney rolling over in his grave the way Disney is being run.
Someone please tell my why Walt Disney doesn’t have a statue of Mickey Mouse to commemorate and pay homage to his greatest achievement . Thank you Arthur. We love Hollywood Graveyard.
Someone please tell my why Walt Disney doesn’t have a statue of Mickey Mouse to commemorate and pay homage to his greatest achievement . Thank you Arthur. We love Hollywood Graveyard.
Omgggg that little peak at Baby Arthur! 🥹❤️
The Speech that Charlie Chaplin spoke in "the Great Dictaor" was moving and still gives me chills.
Dolores O'Riordan and Brittney Murphy for me. Both passings were so sad and surprising.
Good job.
Creepy, stupid video.  Ugh!
MONROE WAS THE BIGGEST NOTHING I'VE SEEN SEE TONY CURTIS AND TONY RANDLE AND DEAN MARTIN SAID ABOUT HER NO TALENT
MY FAVORITE GRAVE IS MY EX MOTHER IN LAWS😂
Very well put together!!!!!
It always makes me chuckle when I hear that the porters of Heathrow Airport in the UK sent a huge bouquet of flowers to David Niven’s funeral because they said he was the nicest and kindest man they had ever met!  How sweet is that!  ❤❤❤
Very well produced.
Late to the party but felt compelled to add my own faves, of those I’ve seen personally. The great Michaelangelo’s grave at the Basilica di Santa Croce in Florence is a standout. Just shockingly beautiful. Also, Susan B. Anthony’s in Rochester, NY and Grace Kelly’s in Monaco. I also loved the simple but poignant graves of JFK and family in DC. Like you, I’m fascinated by famous gravesites. Next stop, Westminster Abbey to round out my bucket list.
YES!!!!, you didn't disappoint me. Audrey Hepburn.
Arthur, have you seen Clarence Nash’s appearance on “What’s my Line”?
Thank you for posting these.  Soo informative.
You haven't shown the graves of  Robert Urich, Steve Forrest, and Rod Perry
Love This show!! Addicted
I love Audrey Hepburn's Grave. So modest and in such a beautiful setting, even with the Rain. I feel some of the others like Michael Jackson's are Gaudy and over the top.
The car what was sad it was a great moment in movies
Do remember the guy that sang when his pizza was almost payed by his friends at a school when they sung oh mister pencil thank you Mr wood and his pizza was so sad it was hard to eat
My favorite of all your visits was the grave of a musician I had never heard of before buried at Forest Lawn Hollywood Hills.  The site looked like the general area where my parents are buried, and when I checked it was the plot immediately next to theirs.
Great job, Audrey deserved the sunshine 😊sweet sweet lady.
If you love Gracie Burns, check out “Honolulu”, 1939. With one of the best dancing scenes featuring Eleanor Powell after Gracie sings Honolulu while playing the ukulele. It’s the best!
RIP MJ
Yes, Mel Blanc gave us joy. Laughter is medicine.
Evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson in Forrest Lawn-Glendale. Her marble slab and surroundings are magnificent, but legend has it that she was buried with a live telephone, so she could call someone to pick her up after she rose from the dead. That must be one heck of a phone bill, if it's still connected today!
I wanted to become a doctor, but instead i became the biggest  quack.
George and Gracie love was amazing marriage lasted. 🎉
That was good Arthur here are my top ten favorite graves maybe you should start seeing them 10 Robbin Williams 9 Tennessee Erine Ford 8 Tony Jay 7 Hank Williams 6 Stefan Karl Stefansson 5 Kenny Rogers 4 Eddie Van Halen 3 Charle Daniels 2 LIAM PAYNE 1 CORY MONTEITH I would like to visit them sometime
Have you visited some of the Country music graves. Maybe you’ll include George Jones’ Grave on your list
very american... The world wonders more where Napoleon, Churchill, or Van Ghogh, for instance, are buried. First time I heard about "Gracie Allen", "Rod Sterlin" or "clarence Nash"
Tnx mr arthur . . I enjoyed watchin this kind of video of you . Cntinue to support your channel . Im from philippines . 🎉
Wonderful as always!
I enjoyed this very much and I concur with your choices of favorite graves. Many of them are mine as well. I like that you didn’t just walk around and look at the graves I like that you explained a lot about them too. I always enjoy your videos. They’re so interesting!
I have been to Abraham Lincoln, Elvis Presley, John F Kennedy, Robert Wadlow and Marie Laveau graves.
I haven't visited this one but tim horton I not only worked there but I love the steeped tea
We never are truly forgotten  until the last person left who loved us no longer mentions our name.
I just discovered this channel this week and I'm hooked. I have been struck by how young so many of these actors and creatives were when they died.
My favorite cartoon character is Porky Pig.❤
Komplek pemakamannya bagus2, syahdu.nisannya cantik2 kek karya seni.kalau di 🇲🇨 kuburan kesannya horor, mistis.
Please see the grave of Scott Joplin in St. Michael’s in Queens, NY. for a person who left us such a rich legacy his site is quite modest, yet moving. On vacation my daughter and I went looking for family long gone. We didn’t find their markers but we know they’re there, possibly unmarked or markers sunken in >100 years. We’d bought a bouquet from the gift shop for my grandfather’s sister, resting there with their father, both gone far too soon. Since they weren’t visible we left it on Scott Joplin’s grave because he’s awesome. He’s about 20’ away.
3241 Troost? Well, not exactly.  Close, but it was more like 31st and Forest, on the south side.  The work to repair the damage done by a hit and run driver a few years ago is proceeding apace.
I'm sure I'm not the first, but as a Funeral Director for 58 years, when  you called everything a grave, gives me a Gorney Refex.  A grave (interment) is burial in the ground.  A crypt (entombment) is in a mausoleum, and a niche inurnment) is also in a mausoleum or any location, not in the ground.  Also, coffin, is not a word used in the United States.  Here, we have caskets..
I’ve visited Mary Tyler moores grave! I loved her! It was very beautiful and moving
I can't begin to say how many cemeteries I have been in while searching for ancestors. Hundreds of miles going to tiny remote cemeteries
One thing I have taken from your videos is how many people's lives/careers  were ruined by the Red Scare.
I read that they think Poe's death may have been contributed to voting.  While he had his demons he may have been a part if voter fraud. It was vommon in those days to get a man drunk and then get him to vote for a certain candidate even multiple times.Once the people were done with the person they were dumped in the street.Thid isn't proven fact but, one of the opinions they have sbout his death.
I live in a village that borders the city Rod Serling grew up in, Binghamton NY. This September he Rod Serling Memorial Foundation is presenting Serling Fest the celebration of the 100th birthday of Rod Serling. They are unvailing a statue of Rod  Serling. There is a gazebo in a city park that is named after him.This is the park he played in growing up in Binghamton. Serling time in the service during WWll greatly affected him. He wsd in the Pacific Theater. Later on this experience would come to light in episodes of he Twilight Zone that delt with humanity. I remember from childhood an episode that ended with time stopping and a nuclear missile stopped in time over a city. I think ai remember this one the most because the area I livd in was in the top ten for a first strike during the Cold War
I love your video?
Would love to have cocktails with Arthur . This guy is so interesting ....and his  channel is fascinating . Love from London !!
What a great list and to end it with the great gothic genius Edgar Allan Poe was superb!
EDGAR ALLEN POE I LOVE HIM ❤❤❤🥀🥀🥀🥀🌹🌹🌹🌹
I like statues. One century had the boy on a Dolphin I think it was a British sitcom.
Even in Marilyn Monroes' death, Hugh Hefner took advantage of her by deliberately being interred next to her - can't even give her grave peace!
It is very strange he seem to not learn enough from Dr. Sebi who could cure diseases.
Love it 😍
Mine is Elvis, he was such a amazing guy and i had to pay my respects to him. And his grave is a wonderful site.
I would love for you to visit Bob Marley's Grave
I enjoy your videos & the great music especially the beginning music. It sounds so Hollywood.
I go to Forest Lawn Glendale often… to visit my grandparents and aunt. They are MY celebrity visits
Amazing lives ! Long or short but full ! And that's what counts!
Michael Jackson was no loss just a dead pedo
Aww...You missed Ritchie Valens grave where he and his mother share a flat marker that his older brother, Bob designed for them. They are at San Fernando Mission. Bob is now there too. I love your videos btw! You are by far the best at this...and there are so many people trying to do this kind of material. You are hands down, the absolute best at it. I am a former Funeral Director/Embalmer and I truly LOVE cemeteries! I wanted to work at Hollywood Forever for owner, Tyler Cassity but I had to stop and retire very early with a torn ligament in my back. I loved what I did though. It was the greatest career in the world to me...and I was damn good at it! Thank you for taking me along with you to the cemeteries I love so dearly. Please keep it up! Michelle
This is a very touching video to me. I grew up in the 60's. it was a time when the T.V. was a fixture in our home we could gather around and just relax.But, here's what is so, incredible which took place. The shows we watched and enjoyed became part of our extended family. We shared them on we cried for them, depending on the episodes theme. We even fallowed the actors career and in some cases even the directors. We also had the privilege of our education, mostly history and English. We were able to see documentary films on many of our historical figures. To hear, thing about them or even to know what has happen to them invokes what we remember and those who we were with at that time, mostly our families and our loved ones. Thank you sir for this video. It was very well crafted and presented to us all. God Bless you. Roger
I just love going on a tour over the cemetery with Mr Arthur he's good on tell the story about the death,"good job, Mr Arthur"
When my cousin Donnie was three, he used to say his name as Donald Ray Duck, so adorable. Thanks for another great video. ❤
Walt Disney, the homophobe who intentionally ruined the career of the young male actor playing the middle boy on the Disney film 'Swiss Family Robinson' 1960 just because the young man was 'involved' with another young man the same age who also worked for the same studio. Walt called the young actor from 'Swiss Family Robinson' into  his personal office and fired him himself.
A lovely tribute to Edgar Allan Poe.... How about one for H.P. Lovecraft ???
There was legend that he was a coke addict and OD’d
I love visiting cemeteries too and must admit i have a preference for the old stars but also love other interesting people.
Mine would have to be Doris Day's although she has no gravesite. It was her choice.
Victor Noir, Paris
My husbands is my favorite. But I'm very glad you're sharing your finds with us 16:24
Excellent presentation.
Good old Walt Disney, MK ultra proponent, child trafficker a real work of art, ya right.
I'm curious about Stephen Hawkings Place. He was an Atheist & yet is at a Religious site cuz of its prominence I guess.
Those are wild ones to visit. 🤩👍🏼
My favorite grave is Michael Jackson. The king of pop. Fun fact: I was born in 2006 way before his death in 2009
I have never been to a famous grave but my favorite is my son and grandma's.  They each have theirnown headstone but are resting next to each other.  Its the most peaceful place I know.  They never met but it gives me peace thinking my grandma is holding my son in her arms until i leave this world and go to see them.
I like Bob Hope's and Roy Roger's gravesites...
My favorite cemetery is fort custard Michigan.That's where my best friend, my hero, my dad is buried. Jack Dillon senior he is an Army vet
Nothing wholesome about Disney anymore ! Child sex trafficking and they are a horribly woke company. I would never go there again
The phrase is soaked to the skin and frozen to the bone😊😊
#HollywoodGraveyard #ArthurDark   My personal favorite is Westminster Abbey, St Paul's Cathedral  in London, UK, Kings, Queens, William Shakespeare, Toronto Necropolis grave is   George A Romero, Salem Cemetery. I stay each graves all these Cemetery's I visit, I spend my time, I like to visit #Vampira , #Belalugosi , #edgarallanpoe many more Graves I want to visit the same Cemetery's you visit.
The Edgar Allan Poe podcast was excellent.
That's why they put fences around cemetery people are dying to get in
Elvis is not dead
As a pioneer of early film sir Charles and all those silent heroes created a place just like the early classical composers a moment in time and human history that influenced us  we should in many ways be grateful for there vision there art and the delightful way they made us feel happy   sometimes the smallest falls  can offer the biggest smiles   emotion is a shared experience chaplain knew this that's why people still love this tramp
I had a Uncle that could do Donald Ducks voice and he did so very well he passed away almost 2 yrs ago 6 hrs after my dad passed away, my uncle was my mom's youngest brother.
Disney was anti semitic not a  fan  my Grandmother survived the camps
Audie Murphy's resting place is my favorite he was my hero growing up, as a Veteran I followed in 85
Correction - 13:21 The best selling album of all time is now The Eagles Greatest Hits!
Thank you for including my forever favorite actor and "The Great Latin Lover," Rudolph Valentino! Visiting his crypt at Hollywood Forever is on my Bucket List!
Your voice is too upbeat to be on a video about this topic, so I slowed it down to .75 playback speed which helped. At .50 playback you sounded like you were high so I compromised and left it at .75.
I would Like to visit the graves of Stan Laurel, Marty Feldman and Buster Keaton at Forest Lawn Memorial Park, Hollywood Hills❤ Love your Voice and your respectful Videos. Greetings from Germany
I wish you would go to Australia to visit Judith Durham from the seekers group to
Absolutely OUTSTANDING, educational, interesting and beautiful  video.   As a senior with limited funds,  I would never be able to visit and view what you have made possible for me to enjoy.  I am very grateful.  God Bless You.
My husband's grandmother had a child before my husband's mother who died at 14 months. She was so heartbroken she designed a special grave of marble. It was an angel crying over the most beautiful grave carved with golden flowers.
What a beautifal scenery of the New York cematary in the snow , covering the twilight zone, rod sterling .
I’m from Fall River Massachusetts and my favorite celebrity grave is the Lizzie Borden and her families graves for those who don’t know who she is she’s the “axe murderer” she was arrested for the murders of her dad & step-mom but was acquitted of all chargers and till this day more than 100 years later the murders are unsolved when you get to the cemetery there are arrows for you to follow that lead directly to the Borden family grave plots!  Fun Fact:Both bodies were autopsied right in the kitchen of the house & her dad was decapitated to use the skull for court and after she was acquitted his head was buried in a box on top of his casket!
I could write in English, PERO, empezaría en Costa Rica con la tumba de Memo Neyra, y luego pasaría a México con la tumba Roberto Gómez B, El Santo y Jorge Vergara.
An absolutely wonderful presentation. I’m 80 and you’ve brought back memories from long ago. Thank you. 🙏
Poe lived longer in Philadelphia than Baltimore, but he died in Baltimore.  He really does not have the presence that he does in Baltimore (too much Benj. Franklin and founding fathers).  The last time I was at the Poe memorial the gates were locked and it was a dark raining evening.  People left half-filled whiskey bottles on his grave.
Where is the grave of Gandolfini? Can you visit   his Grave? Thank
This was tremendous!  Thank you so much.  There are other channels out there that visit celebrity graves, but yours is the creme de la creme.  No one else comes close.
and selena🖤🤍
i love judy💗💗💖💖
ARTHUR - WHERE ARE YOU?
Lita Grey first worked with Charlie Chaplin at 12yrs old. She was pregnant at 15yrs & married him at 16yrs when he was 35yrs old. Pls tell the whole story, good or bad of these passed lives without your political leanings (California) & give the audience a truer insight.
I recently discovered Burns and Allen.  I watch their show a lot.  I need to visit their resting place on my next trip.  The final resting place of Wallace Reid moved me the most for sure.
This video has special meaning to me. This video came recommended on my feed after my dad passed away earlier this year. The cemetery is far away from where I’m at currently. This video was comforting to me. My mom & I watched this video & continued to watch more of your videos. I became a subscriber. Thank you Arthur & your staff for creating this channel. It has helped me a lot!🥲🙏
Great, now I'm on loading "Poe's" novels onto my Kindle and down the rabbit hole I go .....       never more
Arthur you are adorable as an adult too!
When are you coming back on a regular bases
I wonder what Walt would think about what has become of his beloved company
Why do you continually repeat a lie? Marilyn died of a heart attack. Not an overdose.😠
Ive always been a fan of Edgar Allen Poe. Grew up in Bel Air MD. Stood where you were by grave. On that trip went to a pizzara/ bar called the Tell Tale  Heart. A statue of Edgar leaned against the bar. Best pizza i ever ate!
My personal favorite famous grave I visited was Billy the Kid. Because my dad used to drag my mom and I to them. Now I like to go see them and pay my respects. My teenage boys find it weird. My dad is another one but he wasn’t famous.
Walt Disney will be turning over in his grave!!!! The place is money grabbing now......
I heard some rich guy bought the vault above Marilyn and was placed on his stomach so he is on top of her facing her.  Also Hue Hefner is in the vault next to her.  Even tho she was in the first issue of Playboy magazine, Hue never met her.    I wonder what Walt would think of Disney today......  I bet he would roll over in his.....  grave....
Very well done, Mr Dark..... I had lived on Andrews AFB backnin the 90s and took a trip up to Baltimore w my son..we were walking all over town and just happened to walk past Poe's gravesite... since youve been there, you will agree that theres not alot of warning its there..... It just pops up.... you really will miss it if you are driving by. It looks as if its been maintained now.... so thats great. ... theres a definite feeling of sadnesd there. And to learn only 8 pol went to his funeral....how very sad.... 1
How can you have a favorite grave.  That's macabre.
Thank you for having Poe as your Number One. Many dont realize it, but he was also a pioneer of science fiction as well as the detective story. My personal opinion is that the circumstances of his passing will never be explained. May he rest well forevermore.
(EXCUSE MY USE OF CAPS, LEGALLY BLIND IN ONE EYE AND POOR VISION IN THE OTHER)  WHAT MAKES YOUR VIDEOS SO SPECIAL IS THE STORYTELLING. YOUR NARRATIONS ARE CAPTIVATING & COMFORTING…..THE WONDERFUL SCENERIES ARE AN ADDED BONUS.  LOVE YOUR WORK 👏🏾👏🏾😁
Great one thank you so much
Thank you Arthur.
Thank you Hollywood Graveyards.
My favorite grave is of Micheal Jackson, gone way too soon. He and I the same age we were born the same year. REST PEACEFULLY MICHEAL, you are truly missed by me.
I love cartoons, Donald Duck was one of my favorites.
I knew Rod Serling as a young girl...he used to come to my family's restaurant ''Springside Inn'' in Auburn, NY...my brother Billy and I would have our questions ready...he used to come 15 mins early B4 meeting his dinner guests to answer questions...he had a boat on Hibiscus Harbor on Cayuga Lake...the next one over from our: Owasco Lake. Nice guy...loved his oice...and a very mild-mannered gentleman. (We have some famous graves here in Auburn, NY also: Harriet Tubman, William H Seward, and chief Logan. Thanx.🌏☮AND💜✝
My favorite "famous" grave is Lincoln's Tomb.  My father grew up in Springfield, IL, and whenever we would visit my grandmother, I would walk from her house to the cemetery (she lived 1 mile away from Oak Ridge).  I have not been back there in some time, but I still think of that place.  Fun fact:  My great-grandparents are buried in the same cemetery as Old Abe... a double-good reason to visit!
His "4 older Brothers" have names!
Wow Marilyn would’ve of been around 96  now..
Beautiful video!
I love your channel
Are there any games graves in Ventura county that you know of if yes can you chear ..
Charlie Chaplin, his silent films were funny and serious. My favorite song he wrote was Smile. Rest in Peace ❤️🌹
My grandfather had the biography of Gracie, they were incredible.  I also think Carole Lombard was an amazing actress. My favorite move is Charade.    I also went to Hollywood forever  and had a strange interaction in front of Rudolph Valentinos  plaque.  My favorite grave is my grandparents, but would love to see my great grandparents in Ireland and France.  Love your blogs.
Thank you for including the incomparable Judy Garland.
My granddad's grave is my favourite to visit for obvious reasons but in a small country graveyard here in Northern Ireland there is 3 very special men buried. They are Joey Dunlop his Brother Robert Dunlop and Robert's eldest son William Dunlop. All 3 men gave their lives to their chosen sport " Motorcycle Road Racing". All 3 men were absolute gentlemen and very charity driven almost always doing charitable work under the radar
You missed his talented and famous mother.. of Edgar Allen Poe..❤️🎶🤣🤚📚💎😊
Gracie Allen and George Burns and Tyrone Power.
Hy what is the name of the vintage music you use
I love walking around the graveyards as I travel hither and yon. You can tell alot about a community by the headstones..
I disagree on one point you made. Disney is no longer represents wholesome goodness.. it represents woke ideology.
Kansas City is not Walt Disneys hometown!!! Marceline Missouri is his hometown and the inspiration for Main Street USA!!!
Houdini was in Vancouver 100 years ago.  On March 1st, 1923, he hung upside-down outside the Sun newspaper building, escaping from a straight jacket.
These are sad times for humanity, yet the resting places of those who gave us beautiful stories and dreams make us hope the future will return us to grace and harmony.
My favorite grave in Hollywood was where Marilyn Monroe Bob Hope Jack Lemmon and other celebrities that were all there including Natalie Woods❤❤
Edgar Allan Poe's grave is a favorite of mine.
12:51 michael jakson
18:11 charlie chaplin
My favorite famous grave to visit is one, that when I found out where it was and how easy it was to stop, I’ve been there a handful of times. I used to drive back and forth from ATL, where I live, to DTW, where I grew up to visit my parents. When I found out Agnes Moorehead was interred in a mausoleum north of Dayton OH, I thought it would be a chance to stretch my legs for a few minutes.When I arrived and drove through the entrance, I thought what a nice smaller cemetery. The mausoleum was at the rear of the property, and it didn’t disappoint. I walked inside and quickly found Agnes, and was surprised to see her sister, and her parents as well. I touched my hand to her marble headstone and thanked her for all the evil laughs she gave me when watching “Bewitched”. As I read the headstones of her family, I discovered how young her sister was when she passed away, and was more surprised that her mother survived her by many years. Every time I’ve stopped, someone had always been there recently and left flowers. RIP Endora.
My first choice would have been Mel Blanc's as well. It was a personally heartbreaking moment for me when he passed away 30+ years ago
Do you have any non-famous Graves? Reasons for their headstones (readings) back stories, etc? Could you do a video on no famous "infamous" graves?
All college students should take a class where they watch all Twilight Zone episodes and write short papers on each one. The "Gold Bug" by Poe should also be taught.
I do love your films. Congrats from Brazil
Yes lm from Ontario Canada 🇨🇦 this is so interesting  .I have a friend he lives in Alabama  his dad is buried in a Texas  grave yard in a tomb his son paid for .. My parents are buried in Canada  🇨🇦 I clean their grave in fall and spring here . . And my brother in law just passed and we cleaned his grave before our winter . Boxed their tomb stones .have them refined in the spring 😍
How can I describe your videos?  One word - Magnificent!  Thank you!
You were cute as a kid
I love the way you narrate the tour
Thanks you mr dark you do gooood work for past❤
I dont like Mike  music but verygood video❤
Thank you that was awesome
Hollywood gets what Washington DC Needs, unfortunately; more Funerals. D.C. really needs more Funerals! ⚱️ ⚰️ ❌
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS BRO...VERY ENTERTAINING AND EDUCATIONAL. ARTHUR. IF I MAY SAY. IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU COULD MAKE A SMALL SERIES TITLE (GRAVES OF MAN THAT IMPACTED OR CHANGED THE WORLD) FEATURING GRAVES OF LIKE?  DAVINCI, NEWTON, MICHAELANGELO, NAPOLEON, GALILEO. ETC....
These videos are always so sad because these  wonderful actors and actresses aren't with us anymore there's nothing like them today
Well I think its funny 😂
I really dont think this not being able to visit these icons graves (of which the public made them superstars)is at all fair,just my view
George Burns smoked and he was 100 yrs old when he passed away
SAY GOODNIGHT GRACIE…GOODNIGHT GRACIE!!!
Great video, excellent quality, excellent voice.
If you haven't visited Christopher Columbus's tomb in Spain . . . you're missing out. It's very very impressive.
I don't know... DAFFY Duck is up there with Donald.
https://youtu.be/FNDe_ZmKI_U?si=BJEYTAG2pjktynPa
Great job I'm a fan of your videos, especially those from Hollywood
Audrey my favorite actress.❤❤❤
Burns and Allen. 🩷🌿💙
Love your well documented and illustrated documentaries.. perfection, so interesting
I don't want to burst your bubble on Walt Disney But Please do a search for the documentary covering the amazing animators and other people who made his creative ideas come to life who could no longer stand his treatment of them and went on strike. I am a Disneyland fan and was a child of the 50's who watched the Mickey Mouse Club and the Wonderful World of Disney.  I like a feel good fantasy but Walt Disney was not the nice man that his image projected to the public.
You have a awesome voice and perfect for this show it's for of suspense knowledge and understanding. Hats of to you young man.
Marilyn Monroe died in LONDON ENGLAND
I'm related to Edgar Allen Poe, Walt Disney, Buster Keaton, and Marylin Monroe they're distant cousins from my dad's side
I believe that Michel was murdered to keep him quiet about his finances. Show Mussolini tomb.
Baby Arthur...  lol
I absolutely love your channel,you’re voice is brilliant.🫶❤️
I absolutely love your posts. When I became a Mortician, My father asked me the best epitaph. The funniest one was "I TOLD YOU GUYS I WAS SICK".  My dad raced motorcycles professionally when was younger so I had engraved the epitath, " I CROSSED THE FINISH LINE FIRST". Everyone smiles when they read it.
Yeah I've been to that Cemetery small Cemetery beautiful you would never think it's somewhere hollywood and my favorite grave visiting was Marilyn Monroe Natalie Wood and so on and so on Jack Lemmon Walter Matthews Rodney Dangerfield I love his grave headstone what it said there goes the neighborhood.. ❤❤❤
Hollywood Forever has movie nights on the cemetery grounds.
I really enjoyed this tour. Thank You  I'll be back again
This is a really great video, thank you❤️🕊️ I absolutely love cartoons, I appreciate all of them that made my childhood so great! I love and miss Michael Jackson so much!
I love your presentations and the way you honor those who have passed on in the entertainment industry.  The respect and reverence that embody your presentations are comforting.  Thank you for your work, and I look forward to seeing more of it.
My most favorite is Laura Ingalls Wilder, in Mansfield, Missouri. I loved reading her books growing up. And when I got a chance to see it in the ‘90s as an young adult, I for sure jumped on it. That was a good day.
I LOVED that you visited Audrey Hepburn's Grave. She was one of my FAVES!!!! Also ending it with Poe was PERFECT!!!! Thanks Arthur, you and your Cameraman ALWAYS do such GOOD WORK!!!!
Funny to realize your so young you never knew of George Burns
Thank you for this, and yes, you covered some very famous people, thanks. But you showed some VERY INTERESTING CLIPS in your Introduction to this segment, and I was hoping THOSE would be in this video. Alas, they were not, so, can you please do another segment including the very cool places you showed in the intro?? Thanks in advance?
Thank you for Mel Blanc !!
Thank you for NOT panning over to Hefners crypt. She didn't kno or approve of him laying next to her for eternity.  I've often wondered how she'd feel about that. Anyways I'm glad u kept it about her. I've never been, maybe one day.
I have several favorites. However, the most special to me is the grave of my beloved high school boyfriend. His name is Robert and he was in a drunk driving accident of which he was a passenger when he was just 18. Coming down from a mountain top they hit a tree and he was ejected from the truck hitting his head. He was in a coma for several months and when he awoke he was very mentally and physically disabled. He did live to be over 50 and he lived a fairly happy life with his family. I went on to marry and have children but never has a day gone by that I haven’t  fondly thought of him. Don’t drink and drive! Rest in piece my love. ❤
Jim Morrison and oscar wilde
I remember when Audrey Hepburn died there seemed to a strange quite that swept across the world as if something truly beautiful was gone forever , it's hard to explain to those that weren't around at that time or were to young to remember, and thankyou for going back and refilming with a blue sky, I think Audrey would have appreciated that, whenever I saw her it always made my day a little brighter,
My goodness what an interesting channel! I'm going to subscribe. My favorites are Mozart and  Beethoven and also some old west ones in Nevada, outside Reno. Love history.
The King of Rock and Roll Elvis Presley has to be one of the - if not the most famous grave in the world!....located on the grounds of one of the most famous and visited homes in the world....Graceland!
I love how you do these videos with the music and your soothing voice.Makes it more interesting.Well done ✨️
Thankyou Paul for the most amazing videos that you show 👍🏻 I love everyone of them 💕your channel is fantastic and I enjoy watching them all 🤳🏻👌🏻 keep up the awesome work 🤗
auch ich verneige mich in Ehrfurcht vor dem Genie Poe..Ruhe in Frieden, hochverehrter Meister des Makabren, des Horrors..
Your videos are awesome 💯❤️Much Respect Sir✊
You are an excellent narrator!
At Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, CA, where most of my family is buried, Joe DeMaggio is buried.  Visitors leave balls, bats and gloves at the grave.
Would you ever consider going to Princess Diana's grave in the future? She is my hero and her grave is one place I want to visit before I pass.
I have watched the way you have paid respect to Hollywood's lost...  It's amazing.  I've walked the graveyards of Chicago, those we've lost from the past are immortalized in stone.  Thank you for the amazing work in bringing the past to life from death.  You are amazing Arthur.
I love the music you have on your channel
Confused.... Walt Disney was FROZEN.... Cryogenics
I look forward to visiting the grave of Arthur Dark
❤
Glad you included George and Gracie. Thought to include the picture, then realized I couldn't. I was a penpal with George Burns from when I was in High School in Kansas (back in 1981) huge fan of him and Gracie. Then in 1990, I got invited to his office for our first and only meeting. He was everything I hoped he'd be. When I'm in Glendale, I stop by and say hello... thinking of how every month when he was alive he stopped by to see Gracie there.
George and Gracie are my favorite's. Thank you Arthur. Have you read any of George's books, his Autobiographys open the door to day's of olde. Early Hollywood and behind the scenes of home life for the famous!!
I know how you feel my Dad was my hero and my protector when my brother would beat me up and my dad and I did everything together and also went everywhere together I miss him the most even though he hasn’t been gone that long
I just don't see how Bob Crane couldn't be in there 🤣
If you venture beyond Hollywood, check out the graves of Daniel Boone, and Muhammad Ali
Who can be more iconic than Marilyn Monroe? When you mentioned that it felt surreal to be so close, she was inches away, gave me goosebumps. To be so close. Have you done a video of graves of dancers? Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire, Donald O'Conner, Rita Hayworth, Ginger Rogers, list goes on!
Gracie Allen and George Burns as they are a true loving couple
Perfect
have u ever visited mark twain in Elmira  ny  i love that cemetery if not u should
Omg Charlie Chaplins grave is absolutely beautiful ❤
Fantastic, thank you.
I haven't personally visited many graves, but the highlight has to be one in Forest Lawn Memorial Park – Hollywood Hills where Lee Van Cleef is interred. I visited and was able to bend down and rest my hand on his marker (as you placed your hand on the marker of Marilyn Monroe) --a special day! I would love to see  you visit Mr. Van Cleef!
Enjoy your videos thank u.
Miss you Michael. What wonders would you have done if you lived😢
Tiny Tim's grave/crypt always weirds me out.
Disney has all but disowned DD... Sad..
What might have been with MM is years of drug abuse, physical abuse and degrading looks.. Seriously, can you see MM at 80 years old?
we can tell that's you in the Donald Duck video as your voice hasn't changed at all
I live in Brooklyn and spend lots of time in Prospect Park. Small hard to find sylvan graveyard….Montgomery Clift…died at only 45….
The career arc of George Peppard went from “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” with Audrey Hepburn, to the “A Team” with Mr. T.  Wow.
I loved their show, "Burns and Allen."
Fantastic video, really appreciate 👍🏻
I simply adore Charlie Chaplin and Audrey Hepburn. Haven't got a chance to visit their graves yet but this was really special. Thank you.
Marilyn Monroe didn't kill herself. Bobby Kenedy had her killed.
I hope you will get a change to go to Okunoin Cemetery in Koyasan Japan .... it is the largest and most important cemetery in the country with countless historical people buried there ...
My Favorite Hollywood grave is Lucille Ball. She was a class act and her comedy and acting was came from her brain and not the curves of her body as most of it is today.
Poor Walt Disney is probably fuming up in the great beyond knowing what they are doing to his beloved company and films 😢
your grave can be as fancy as you want but you are as dead as those anywhere.....
I like Rutherford B Hayes in Ohio
I Have So Many Siblings That Have Graves All Over The World
Apart from my Mother's then one of my favourites has to be that of Peter Sallis - the Voice of Wallis in the Wallis and Gromit films. In the UK he was well known for a character called Glegg in a long running tv comedy series called Last of the Summer Wine. He is buried next to his co-star Bill Owen (Compo) in St John's the Evangelist graveyard in Upperthong, West Yorkshire, England! ...just perfect! Xx
Thank you for showing the ceilings and architectural details - very important. Nice video! It's so beautiful how they let them plant gardens on graves in Euroope. We should be able to do that in the US.
My fascination with visiting graveyards started with the Atlas Missile monument of the Bigsby's at Hollywood Forever.
Thank you for showing Audrey Hepburn's gravesite. She was a beautiful lady inside and out. I have watched her movies over and over. She cared so much about others. RIP Beautiful Lady.
You worked hard on these videos thank you
Happy 6th year anniversary and may you continue to visit more graves for years to come
I would hate to be at rest in one of those Hollywood celebrities crypt on top of one another. It is like being trapped in a prison cell screaming to get out even though I be dead!
You’re the best at what you do, Arthur. I find your voice and channel music very calming.
All these graves, not one righteous among them , save perhaps 0ne I pray.
The poe  speacail u did was awesome
Oscar Wilde at Pere LaChaise. My countrymen at Vimy Ridge, Beny sur Mer.
There are (4) 'graves' that have had such an impact on me... 1). Although not a grave - the place that so moved me was visiting Anne Frank Haus in Amsterdam... Seeing her words in her own hand - chilling and fills one with sadness. 2). The Alamo (San Antonio, Tx) - special significance for me - my great great uncle fought and was one 200+ men that died during the battle. 3). Antietam  4). Gettysburg The Alamo, Antietam and Gettysburg are haunting - when you walk those battlefields, you can feel the presence of what took place there.  I can't walk them without shedding a tear.
The famous grave that is my favorite is the grave of pocohantas in James town Virginia because I grew up hearing her history and I was inspired by what she stood for and I believe we can all learn from the legacy she left behind
Where was William Shakespeare buried ?
Hi Mark! I might have mentioned this in one of your other videos, but I had a cousin who worked for Warner's for many years as an electrical engineer. They had a house a few doors down from Mel Blanc and when I visited them in the late 1970's I would see Mr. Blanc driving by in a bright yellow Ferrari and I would just kind of stand in awe. I never had the nerve to go and bother him though.   I've never really bothered celebrities when I see them in public, it feels wrong to me.
I love your channel. It was nice to realize that I wasn't the only one interested in graves and graveyards. Thank you
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😂
I was at Glendale cemetery today. The last supper stained glass was beautiful. You can feel how special it is in there.
Shame people aren't allowed to visit people in the Holly Terrace, among others. Most people who come only want to see where their favorites are buried or entombed, to honor and pay our respects,not to try to desecrate their resting place.
Gracie Allen was so pretty!
Arthur,you' re just the best. I enjoy several other such videos, but yours is the best. You don't waste time talking about unimportant things and your voice is absolutely clear and understandable.
Have you ever visited the grave of Lucille Ball? In Minneapolis, I have visited the graves of Tiny Tim, Hubert H. Humphry, and the Pillsbury family.
Did you really have to recap Marilyn Monroe’s career as if no one had ever heard of her?  Maybe if she laid off the pills, the drugs, the drinking, screwing the Kennedy brothers and seriously worked with a psychiatrist to straighten her life out, she might have had s better career and life.  Same with Judy Garland.  It’s not meant to be disrespectful but the time to help these ladies is when they were alive instead of going on years after they passed.
Walt is turning in his grave seeing what his company has become under the usual suspects!
My favorite is Goofy
I still think the Kennedys had something to do with her death
I also watched George and Gracie. They were funny
William Powell, what a guy! Fortunately was able to visit Frank Sinatra at the same cemetery.
Jesus said in John 3:13 “No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven—the Son of Man. 14 Just as Moses lifted up the snake in the wilderness, so the Son of Man must be lifted up, 15 that everyone who believes may have eternal life in him.” 16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. 19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. 20 Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. 21 But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God.”
Wonderful job!!  Now would you try to find where Greta Garbo is?? It remains a mystery --
Oh I’m jealous  about the Edgar Allen Poe gravesite I have always wanted to see it
Grave, Pete Brown,  Musician And Composer,  Cream, 1940, 2023:
My favorite was elvis presley  i visited in 1995
AFRAID TO SAY HOW MARILYN REALLY DIED?  GROW A PAIR U AZZH*LES
My deeply respects for your investigations and see you in heaven !!!  🙏
Hi Arthur, thank you for this, very informative! I propose that you do not stick to the US for famous graves. You should come to Canada. Alexander Graham Bell (the inventor of the telephone) is buried in Baddeck, Nova Scotia, Raymond Burr (Ironsides, Perry Mason) is buried in Fraser Cemetery in New Westminster, BC, Chief Dan George in Burrard Indian Reserve Cemetery, North Vancouver, Jay Siverheels (Tonto), who's ashes are scattered in the Six Nations of the Grand River, Ontario, Gordon Lightfoot in Orillia, Ontario, and Terry Fox, Port Coquitlam Municipal Cemetery. I'm sure there are many more. Come to Canada for your next video!  🙂
You are a Class Act. And show Respect. You are a Blessing Arthur. Safe Travels.
My favorite grave is Jack Lemons's with the simple epitaph "IN"
A wonderful selection. You're respectful commentary is always interesting. I agree with you, Audrey Hepburn was one of the most beautiful, elegant women of all time. And I would also include Marilyn Monroe as another classic beauty.
Michael Jackson ❤one of the greatest entertainment ever  live gone to soon
Many thanks for your reportage!  Very interesting and brilliant.
I like to go to graveyards.  I go to one that is pretty small but I love it.   It very old.  I like to stop at all graveyards, I see.l
Walt Disney is from Chicago IL.
Walt Disney is turning in his fridge
ooooh.... rod sterling. that gave me the good willies...
You are so cute!
Marilyn Monroe was so beautiful!
Arthur Dark: you are the ultimate dark romanticist; enjoyed seeing a glimpse of your gentle 😎face sans sunglasses. .
Arthur  that was weird I was listening to Michael  Jackson thriller  on my amazon alexa when it came up on my phone it sent chills down my spine
eager Allen poe is still my favorite
I would like to see excursions to all Moscow cemeteries. They are gorgeous.
Regarding Edgar Allen Poe's death:  It would be interesting to exhume his body and use modern forensics to determine his cause of death.  Drug addiction and the use of drugs was greatly misunderstood at the time of his death.  Could Mr. Poe simply have been a victim of the medical industry of the time, with his death simply a medical mistake?
You're such a big fan of Rod Serling that you completely forgot to mention his show Night Gallery.🙄
Thank you for the respect you show to these fond stars.   For those that can’t visit their graves.  When I saw Marilyn , it was a beautiful place.   I also gave dear Natalie Wood a rose.  Also gone at a young age.    Chaplin was a talent.   Audrey is buried in a quiet place.  Pretty flowers.
That was awesome! Thank you
Excellent choices.
Micheal Jackson's remains are not there!!!!
Should do as story cicely Tyson, Moms Mabley
I once worked with a General Manager who was Rod Serling's cousin.
I head Walt turning over in his grave.
Michael Jackson cript is just beautiful
Have you ever visited Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky?  There are some very beautiful and unique monuments.  Colonel Sanders and Muhammad Ali are buried there.
***THANKS  FOR SHARING THIS VIDEO*** ****PEACE PUT : AMEN****
Mr.D...Tina Turner has passed away at 83
I attended Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts. Frequented Emily Dickerson’s final resting place in Amherst. “If I can stop one ❤ from breaking, I shall not live in vain”! Thank you Arthur
Awesome video thank you for sharing
My favorite grave is my late husbands. He is waiting for my arrival, my name is already beside his.
Well Done young man.. you honor those who have almost been forgotten
I love Poe I have since I started reading them back in the 70s Pit and the Pendulum is one of my favorites so it's really nice to see where he's buried and all the other ones it's great that you were showing them but I have to ask you showed Ed Wynn how come you didn't show his son Keenan Wynn I adore both of these gentleman
Mr. Dark, words cannot express our gratitude for the entertaining videos and short films you and your team create and produce. Thank you kind sir.
A life-long goal was to visit Marilyn's grave in LA.  I finally made the trip in 2019 to celebrate my 65th birthday. I understand what the host meant about being moved by her grave. I had purchased flowers that morning from a Trader Joe's that I later discovered was built on the site of the old Schwab's drug store. I was moved to tears at the grave as I gently and respectfully place the flowers.
Love them all😢!!!!  I'm hooked keep going!!😮
Walt Disney will be ashamed of what his company has become now. Money grabbing WOKE trash.
Hollywood Graveyard has been my favorite stop for years. So happy you included Judy here.
Thanks Paul for an amazing video I can remember Danny and I can remember Danny doing a season at Great Yarmouth near ware I live I did not ever see him on stage but I can remember seeing him around the town a couple of times and remember he rented a house in Gorleston  while he done a season at Great Yarmouth he seemed an amazing person Great video Paul
Thank you Mr. Dark. Please continue to bring more famous graves. I myself like to stroll through cemeteries and read tomb stones.
I was wondering if you've ever had a supernatural experience visiting any of these cemeteries.
If ur last name is really dark is very apropos 😂
Michael  Jackson  is  still  alive !!!  He  faked  his  death  in  2009 !!!
There used to be a wonderful pizza shop in Baltimore! Best pizza! Called the 'Tale Tell Heart'....with a mannequin of Edgar Allen Poe at the bar.
Please visit  the grave  of Ralph  Waldo Emerson. I am related to him. Also Robert Browning is related to me.
Of the many graves of famous persons I have visited, two stand out. First is that of Joshua L. Chamberlain in Maine. His is one of the least pretentious graves for such an accomplished man: Professor, Civil War General, recipient of the Medal of Honor;  and Governor of Maine. The other is that of William F. Cody - Buffalo Bill. He is buried atop Lookout Mountain, Colorado overlooking the front range of Denver and its surrounding areas.
I like this channel a lot but the background music it's amazing
M JACKSON WHO CARES A BIG BABY DRUG ATTICT good riddance
Interestingly Hugh Hefner is interred next to marylyn monroe even though they never actually met he attributed his success to her because she was the first cover of his now famous playboy magazine!
Michael Jackson was creamated and his ashes were spread at his wonder land in his memory garden by his mothers wishes he is not there
So wasn't Jayne Mansfield
Serling was the MASTER!  No one like him! 👑
Ok big respect for doubling back to A Hepburn grave for sunlight. Bravissimo…
I got teary eyes watching this video.
you did Marilyn Monroe but ignored playboy founder Hugh Hefner who died in 2017 and placed right next to her
I have followed you're channel since you did Hollywood Graveyard 1 and also every viewer Hollywood Graveyard too. What you do is brilliant, not only the information you supply, but the dignity you do it with. I have even seen graves I didnt know the person in question had passed. You are the number 1 in America for you're respected work...and I also have my respected guy in England UK. Perhaps you have heard of his channel " Unusual Things" with Paul. He does what you do and in you're countries you are both second to none. Keep up the great and respected work.
My Personal Favorites which I have visited:   Marilyn Monroe  Dorothy Stratten  Jack Lemmon Mel Blanc  Walt Disney  Curly Howard Spencer Tracy  Danny Kaye  Soupy Sales Stevie Ray Vaughan
This is a priceless film that i could only wish to have been part of! Loved this so much Arthur! 🤌🎬
Poe is my favorite grave. I visited his grave as a child on a school tour. As part of the tour one of the guides opened up a mausoleum in the cemetery. We looked in and saw several rotten caskets and bones laying on the dirt floor. It was very exciting and macabre.
Sadly, Forest Lawn Glendale, a very beautifully maintained "memorial park,"  which truly is Hollywood's equivalent of Westminster Abbey, is not welcoming to fans who want to pay their respects, or take photos. These actions could get you thrown-out. Hollywood Forever is the total opposite.
So many died so young. Its scary 😮
Disney had an amazing mind in Disney world people will never see a switch or lever Disney has an entire city underground running everything
I don't believe anyone would want to see a ageing Marilyn Monroe or a washed up actress. depressive. Mel Blanc was amazing as well as Rod Serling I remember some of the Twilight Zone's episodes reruns of course late 70's early 80's one was the aliens little robots that attacked a woman in a old house the other Burgess Meredith it was the end of the world or after a war? but there was millions of books and than his glasses broke than he kept saying so unfair I need to get the DVD box set of the Twilight Zone. Charlie Chaplin was cool he actually entered a look a like contest and actually lost? but why is Groucho Marks not on here he was to funny Edgar Alan Poe cool.
I live in texas my favorite is close to home and is a woman who was buried in her ferrai 😊! Nobody believes me wen i tell them that it was a story my great grandmother told me that i found out later was true! Love ur videos!!!❤
Gracie Allen was so funny she was a wonderful woman
Some of the honorable mentions I never heard of.  I had to go look them up and I still didn't know them or their work.
One thing this proves to me is to get cremated and scattered.  Nothing is more devastating to have a grave that is long forgotten with no family to visit.
There is a cemetery that this channel has not covered yet here in the LA area. Hmmmmm….
I covered Michael Jackson’s funeral, and it was hella wacky.
Please continue putting out these videos. Your voice is soothing. You're very respectful and I enjoyed this immensely! Thank you
Have you ever been to Aux Sable?
Mr. Dark, I've been enjoying your work for some time now.  You set the GOLD standard for excellence in YT production.  Every video you produce is another journey well taken.  Thank you, sir!
James Cagney Great actor
Can you visit cornal wilde grave site?
Distracting and inappropriate background music.
My favorite famous grave is Benjamin Franklin’s . Not far from  Edgar Allen Poe’s house. I’m a life long Philadelphian.
I used to run in the Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park. Breathtaking views at every turn.
Well done! Thanks Arthur!
I really enjoy channel. Your commentary for each person you feature is very respectful to them and informative.
My ex husband went through a  grave hunting stage. Therecwas a sweet angelic harp playing girl in town who died from a peanut allergy reaction. Not nuts but peanut oil. When we came upon her  grave, we were to sad we never did it again. I love Hollywood Graveyard. I love the way Arthur speaks. I enjoy the comments and music. I love the lack of macabre. I really love the masolium tours.
Thank you for this video, you are really respectful to the sadly departed
Are you sure that"Gigi" isn't Audrey Hepburn's first role? 😊
Thank you Arthur!  You are a great story teller!
I wonder if Hugh Hefner realized that his crypt cover would become  lipstick smeared and discolored much like Marilyn Monroe's crypt cover. I'm team Marilyn. Hef is just a crypt copycat with regards to the discolored crypt cover.
So Walt Disney did not have his body and or head frozen as that's what has been reported for years. Unbelievable that anyone would think they could go freeze themselves and be brought back after death if they ever found out how to cure whatever killed them. And to figure out how to overcome the destruction of body cells from freezing process.
One month from tomorrow (04-18-23) I be able to say I have visited the graves of Michael Jackson, Elizabeth Taylor, Clark Gable, Gracie Allen and George Burns. I have such mixed emotions.
Heather rourke
Having visited Forest Lawn Glendale, and Hollywood many times, historical events had me visiting the timely grave of Natalie Wood. One of Hollywoods' stars that attended Van Nuys High School with my Mom. There were potted evergreens covered with plastic angels hung like Christmas ornaments. It was something I'll never forget!
Everybody's holding their tickets it's just a matter of when it's going to get punched but something that I like to think about is all the people were going to meet once our time comes just got to make sure our hearts are in the right place.
Very interesting to see Rod Serlings grave. When I was very young living in Cincinnati, he lived 5 houses away from us and was in my parents bridge club. He was at our home several times. Just wish I had been old enough to appreciate it.
I enjoy the visits you have done, however could you please do a visit to the Graves of General hospital? So many great stars have played there ,some have done it just for the fun of it. I'm looking forward to seeing you on the search. Please don't stop doing this
Great loss, thank!!!!!
I’m from Willoughby. We have a festival every year.
You should also check out Holy Cross cemetery in Culver City, it has Ray Bolger, his wife, the guy who played the Tin Man, Rita Hayworth, Bela Lugosi, John Candy, Sharon Tate-Polanski,her 8 month old baby,& Bing Crosby.
No Elvis? Really?
My mom...grandparents ~~ But Trampus....Doug McClure & James Drury
What though no weeping loves your ashes grace. Nor polished marble emulate thy face What though no sacred earth allow thee room Nor hallowed dirge be muttered o"er thy tomb Yet shall thy grave with rising flowers be drest  And the green turf will lie lightly on thy brest  There shall the morn her earliest tears bestow. There shall the years first roses blow While angles with silver wings oershade  The ground now sacred by thy reliques made.
My 3 favorite famous graves are Colonel Sanders, Muhammad Ali, and one of the women that wrote the Happy Birthday song. All buried in the same cemetery by me.
We return to dust.  Get em planted,  I say.   Don't worry, God has your back.
I saw Michaels family speaking on this, and they said that after his funeral that his body was cremated for fear of someone stealing his body, and that only his coffin is laid to rest as his ashes were scattered at his Neverland Ranch. That's what they say anyways.
⛔️😶WHY ARE YOU AMERICANS STEPPING ON THE GRAVE IF THERE IS A CROSS?
Mark Twain and his son in law are my favorite
In my life I loved them all.
This is my first video from you guys.. I am hooked. I will be watching more tonight.
I like the grave of Oscar Wilde in Paris at Pere Lachaise Cemetery.... when I saw it, it had been smothered with red lipstick kissy lip marks all around the sturdy white marble tomb.
Do you know Michael Jackson casket is empty.  I saw a documentary the family cremated to avoid people trying  to open the tumb. They have a private service, and  the ashes were spread on Nederland
I watch all the channels about famous graves but nobody goes to Idaho for Ernest Hemingway grave
Visit Marie Leveau's grave in New Orleans-La..
Blanc (pronounced the French way-just saying).
Love watching your videos You do it with such respect.l loved watching all those stars.Thank you
Love your videos  Do you know where Dale Earnhardt  is buried?
My favorite Graves Is Selena
Probably my favorite has been Westminster Abbey.  As I toured it and spent time there, I marveled at being surrounded by some of history’s greatest / most famous kings and queens.  Henry VIII, Mary Queen of Scots and Elizabeth to name just a few.  And the Abbey is stunning.  Enjoyed it so much!  Thanks for a great channel!
my fave  character MALIFICENT 😈😈😈
My favorite grave that I have visited is the grave of "Buffalo Bill Cody" on Lookout Mountain in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, above Denver, Colorado. You can see how many folks have visited him by all of the coins left on his stone.  I was up there late one night and was terrified to come across the Ku Klux Klan, wearing their white hoods and meeting around a bonfire. I assumed that if they spotted me observing their "ritual" it would not be good for me. So, with heart racing, I quickly skedaddled! 😮
I agree with you totally. Every time I get the chance, I tell people that the most beautiful person I have ever seen is Audrey Hepburn. She barely needed makeup. Her beauty was natural. She was the epitome of a lady, having a lovely warm voice, could wear any clothes and look chic, in fact she WAS chic personified. I was so sad when she passed, but I think of her often. Marilyn has to be Hollywood's TRAGIQUE. Perhaps if men had treated her better, her self-esteem  would not have been a problem, and she could have lived a longer life. Or was she the one to blame, and had Fate carved out that ominous path long before she took her first step upon it? I've subscribed here from the UK. I like your easy style of presentation, your knowledge, subjects, and lovely voice.
One of my favourite Graves would be that of Alexander Keith's the beer brew master of Halifax Nova Scotia for those who like it like it alot and the beer is made still to this day in the same spot
Wonderful!!
Lakeview Cemetery outside Cleveland, OH, is the final resting place of John D. Rockefeller, at one time the richest man in the world. He has a simple gravestone in the Rockefeller family area. I was expecting something grander, but in the end we are all just memories. Also in the cemetery are President James Garfield, G Man Eliot Ness, and DJ Alan Freed.
find  alley kirstie  grave
Arthur, you do such a great job with your channel.  You've made it a treasure.  Your voice deserves an award.
Great as always!
Arthur, you're a eloquent and softly spoken guy. Unfortunately, my late Maternal Grandparents don't have a grave or a plot. They were jointly Cremated together at Basildon District Crematorium, Bowers Gifford, Essex UK. Their cremation scattering spot, is easy just ask. RIP Leslie and Irene Robertson (m. 20/09/1952- Les 21/01/21 Ire 28/01/21). Maternal Grandson (Martin) is a Bass Guitarist from the band Caged Arts.
Mr. Dark,                  I cannot  believe, ( but I'm  sure  I  will  reconcile  myself  to  the  fact...) you had not heard  of  Gracie Allen. I was about to  hit the  double  digits  (10) when I watched  them  (George  Burns & his ever present  cigar.) on TV. circa 1965. But we Live and learn  ... Thanks for yr presentations or I would  not  learn  ' what ever happened  to ... 'Caio.
Edger Allen Poe is one of the most interesting and mysterious writers just visiting his monument and burial site must have been intreging
so good.
Hello Artrhur!  I have always appreciated you telling your listeners how you discovered the hilarity of George Burns and Gracie Allen.  After hearing you mention them on several occasions, it caused me think what a WONDERFUL Hollywood Graveyard program would be if you did a special on THE GREAT COMEDY TEAMS.  Of course you have covered the INDIVIDUAL graves of several comedy team members such as Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, The Three Stooges, Groucho Marx...but only with Burns and Allen, did you tell their story AS A TEAM.  As a Comedy Team fan and armchair historian, I think a show covered the well known, as well as the lesser known (but popular in their day) comedy teams from the past.  Just off the top of my head, here is a list of some great comedy teams...several of which have been virtually forgotten today. 1.  Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy 2.  Bud Abbott and Lou Costello 3.  Bob hope and Bing Crosby 4.  The Three Stooges- Moe Howard, Curly Howard, Larry Fine, Shemp Howard, Joe Besser and Jo De Rita 5..  Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis 6.  The Marx Brothers (Groucho, Chico, Harpo, Zeppo, Gummo) You covered these individuals for the most part...so now let's consider some of the lost comedy teams: 7.  Goodman and Jane Ace (Radio team who broadcast "Easy Aces" for 15 years) 8.  Olsen and Johnson (Ole Olsen and Chic Johnson...THEY WERE HUGE from the 1930s into the b1950s...and they are buried NEXT TO EACH OTHER!) 9.  Smith and Dale (Joe Smith and Charlie Dale...Possibly the most famous vaudeville team of all time...they were together for 70 years!) 10. Jim and Marion Jordan (Fibber McGee and Molly  MORE POPULAR THAN BURNS AND ALLEN ON THE RADIO in the 1940s) 11. The Ritz Brothers (Harry, Jimmy and Al Ritz) Mel Brooks once called Harry Ritz the funniest man he had ever met    12.  Weber and Fields (Joe Weber and Lew Fields...the Grandaddy's of EVERY COMEDY TEAM OF THE 20th century!) 13.  Thelma Todd, Zasu Pitts and Patsy Kelly (The greatest FEMALE comedy team of all time...Laurel and Hardy starred in one of their shorts) 14.  Wheeler and Woolsey (Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey...rivaled the Marx Brothers in popularity in the 1930s...made TONS of movies) 15.  Block and Sully (Jesse Block and Eve Sully...friends and rivals of Burns and Allen in vaudeville...THEY were headliners at THE PALACE THEATRE...they were THAT popular!) 16.  Wally Brown and Alan Carney...Made at least 6 movies together in the 1940s...RKO's version of Abbott and Costello) 17.  Don Ameche and Frances Langford (The Bickersons on Radio, TV and Records...THEY WERE HILARIOUS!) Not to mention 18.  Gallagher and Shean 19.  Al Shaw and Sam Lee 20.  Bobby Clark and Paul McCullough (HUGE ON BROADWAY!!!!) Then my favorite "comedy team of all time which was NEVER a comedy team at all Fred Allen and Jack Benny.  Their "fued" ran for over TWO DECADES and they even made a movie together called "Love Thy Neighbor"  When they were together NO ONE WAS FUNNIER....EVER!  I'm sure I have missed many others.  These are just the ones that came to my mind.  Since I doubt that you will ever read this message, I'm sure this suggestion will go nowhere.  However, WHAT AN ENTERTAINING HOLLYWOOD GRAVEYARD this theme would ever make...if it were ever attempted. Blessings! Jim Nesbit jnesbit1@harding.edu
First time seeing your channel.  Love your work.  The first time I went to England, I visited the ancestral home of Princess Diana which included her burial site.  This was very moving for me as I had always wanted to get to see her in person but alas, it was not to be.  I spent a great deal of time there.
Marie Lavoux's crypt in New Orleans.
One of the 10, Audrey Hepburn, has a nephew-by-marriage named Gavri Ferrar. Gavri is a minister at St. Martin in the Field Episcopal Church in the San Fernando Valley. His aunt (when she was married to Mel Ferrar) was Audrey Hepburn. His cousin is George Clooney, his dad was Jose Ferrar and his mom was Rosemary Clooney. His Father-in-law is Pat Boone and his wife is Debbie Boone. Talk about your Hollywood royalty!
i got to meet one of the 10; Clarence Nash in the 1980s. I got his autograph and shook his hand and talked a for a few minutes. we were both backstage at the Dorothy Chandler. I was still a kid but he was already shorter than I was. Another notable (Leigh Harline) had a brother named Hal that I never met, but who worked for my dad and my grandmother as a handyman in Culver City. One of the houses Hal added to was going to be purchased by Alex Trebeck's daughter but I think that deal fell through. A few years ago the Craftsman style bungalow was destroyed and now there is something that looks as big as a hotel sitting on the property (but it's just another $3 million private home that looks like a concrete warehouse).
Like a fine wine Arthur, your skills are aging well.  You are a star.
Galileo and William Shakespeare have my favorite resting places. And while she wasn’t famous in the conventional sense one of my favorite graves belongs to Kimberly Walker in Cincinnati, Ohio. Aka the SpongeBob grave.
Great great intelligently done I learned a lot from watching Hollywood graveyard
My Absolute FAV. Is Tammy Wynette cuz I’m planning on my final resting place;looking like hers- as much as possible.
My FAVS r Mel Blanc (before u mentioned it). Toto from Wizard of Oz, & the guy that killed Versace. Think his name is Andrew Qunanan?
Only one I have seen in person is Joe DiMaggio. Isn’t H.HEFNER next to MMonroe & Eliz. Taylor next to M.Jackson?
Your Pick's  are  also very much My own picks ♥ Bravo   In Bracing our past  Make us all so much more richer .
Elvis Presley,  - Presley Family,  -  Burt Reynolds,  -  Roddy piper - Rodrick Toumbs.    Marilyn Monroe,     Anton Yeltchen,  Walt Disney, -  Amy Winehouse,  -   George A Romero.  - Carrie Fisher, - Ferrah  Fawcett, - Just to Mention a few .  RIP 😔 👌👍🍁♈🍁
I need your help!  Could you do one on tv gamesshow hosts. I always where they are buried.
What about Elvis.  This man was loved by so many and tried to entertain the music masses.  He was charismatic and so ethereal.  He is more memorable than a lot of your favorites.  You missed your mark on top 10.
I wonder if Harry Houdini is still in there.
George and Gracie,what a wonderful partnership.
I love the higgledy-piggledy,crowded graveyards.Fascinating.
The Necropolis in Glasgow is very intriguing.
William Wordsworth who is buried in the Lake District, England.
Would you be so kind as to visit the graves of the panel and hosts of “What’s My Line”?
Got To Go To The Grave Of Jim Morrison In Paris Even While There Was A Fire In The Cemetary Was A Very Cool Moment For Me
My favorites I visited, are Ed and Lorraine Warren and Hanna Cranna (she is a local CT legend)
I really enjoyed your "Top 10". I grew up in a New Jersey town that has both Revolutionary War and Civil War graves and all the wars since. A mix of the locally famous and infamous! Cemeteries to me have always been more about the history of a place or time and less about spooky or creepy. When I lived in Colorado, we would take our 8th graders on a field trip to one of the largest cemeteries in Denver rather than just describe or read about Colorado history. My mom and I always try and tour historical cemeteries when we travel. Many of the larger ones now offer written or audio tours and although I have had a few people look at me askance when I mention it, I remain fascinated by grave sites and adore your tours. Your channel is funny, reverent, and well researched and produced. Bravo.
Nice job.
All of these graves are fascinating, but Poe’s is exceptional 🪦
Mabel Normand and George and Gracie
Arthur i would like to see a covid special
Darn Mid-Atlantic weather…
This was a wonderful video. Thank you so much for sharing!! To be honest, the only one on your list, that I would like to visit, is the gravesite of George Burns. My personal favorites that i have visited through my lifetime include, Fredick Chopin, President John F. Kennedy, President Abraham Lincoln, and the memorial to the astronauts of the Challenger Spaceshuttle.
Your videos are so tastefully done !  It’s a joy to watch them!
Hey everyone, artie is doing the same shit he did last year. Promising new video content but not delivering on his Promises. This is nothing new with this goofball liar. All of his videos from July to now are recycled old content from other channels content. Even the Poe stuff wasn't all his. He lied about so much. Go to the channel Dead Good Walks! They have new content every week! And he doesn't lie or recycle videos then try to tell you it's new content, like Arthur, here!
A very professional production.  Excellent video and story.
Can you do a video of the cast members from the bristish sitcom allo allo and fawlty towers i know some of them have died already but i would like to see a video please whenever possible thankyou
Hello. Happy 6th Anniversary to everyone at Hollywood Graveyard 🎂🥂 I love your channel, all of you must work really hard on all the research then the travelling also the  editing, then the music which I absolutely love. Finally Arthur you are the perfect Host, I could listen to you all day. I'm sure you have lots of fan's out there like me. Kind Regards and Best Wishes to all at Hollywood Graveyard from Lynda in the UK. ✨️🧚‍♀️💕
How did you get access to the Forest Lawn mausoleum?
Michael Jackson's end up cathedral mausoleum is real hypocrisy. He never lead anybody to find religion. Holy Terrace is as close as he ever got.
My favourite grave is a grave only 30 minutes from me, of my gt x 4 grandparents!  I was so blown away to know the grave exists + that after so many generations, my family haven't moved from the area.
There is an animal that looks like a little warthog on the my right peacock's left,???
You should be famous your.voice is amazing and perfect for this. Vincent Price got nothing on you
Arthur, I'd like to see the graves of saints.  I was once very close to, but never did find, the grave of St. Elizabeth Ann Seton in Emmitsburg, MD.  Miracles have been reported at some of those graves.
Two very emotional times in my life, spent lot of time in Baltimore because of the illnesses and deaths of my husband and daughter, I don't know how many times I walked passed Poe'S grave before I noticed it but I did take a little time to visit the famous grave.
When I go to California, I always visit the grave of my Son-in-Law, Richard Anthony Monsour (May 4, 1937 – March 16, 2019) aka Guitar legend Dick Dale.  🎸
Will you tour the Graceland graves?
I am glad I found this channel again. Always interesting.
excellent !!
Like it till M J.
I want to visit Mel Blanc and Harold Lloyd. I have been to Edgar Allan Poe, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson. My family is from New Bern NC and I love the Ghost Walk @ Cedar Grove. My grandfather knew Caleb Bradham, inventor of Pepsi
actually according to the show mysteries at the museum it's believed Mr poe actually died after petting a stray and getting bit and subcombed to Rabies..he actually wasn't drunk at all..but apparently no one believed him
I absolutely love the music theme.  Glad you haven’t changed it. It is perfect!!! Love your videos!
George Burns was such a sweetheart ❤️
R.I.P.
I am so glad I discovered you channel years ago. You have brought so much info and joy. A very rare combination. Thank you Arthur.
Does the art deco font that is used in this series have a name? I must find it!
I have two. I have been to Babe Ruth's grave, and while I am NOT a Yankees fan,I respect him,as an amazing baseball player. My other favorite, is Captain Lou Albano. He was a good friend of my mom,a kind man,and now he is neighbors with several of my friends who have passed. Thank you Arthur for your informative , respectful entertaining tours.
I'd love to see Black Hollywood graves.. New subscriber not sure how I got here..but this channel is SO interesting..
One of my Go To Channels
Like your picks for the top ten.
Excellent
Enjoyed all of this, but an interesting fact about Charlie Chapman-He and Stan Laurel were room mates, when there were struggling young actors.
One of my favorite graves was Van Gough in France.   Very simple but indicative of the simplicity of this disturbed great artist
Great, great video. Very enjoyable. Thank you!
Kinda think maybe Curly Howard should be a top ten.
That was a powerful moment when Beat it came on whilst seeing Michael Jackson's grave and the echo came. It was like it was being played in the mausoleum
We had JUST finished watching this episode when we asked our "Alexa" the following question, "Do you recite poetry?" She answered with information on Edgar Allen Poe and The Tell-Tale Heart. The thing is? We had never asked her anything about EAP! She randomly answered! Odd coincidence...or is it? ; ).
Indeed Donald is the most famous Quack in the world. - Even in Germany. (:
T he Warrens. His grave disappered after she passed. I never found it again
A brilliant line up Arthur! And baby Arthur was the cutest 😍.  I haven't visited any real famous graves I would like to and maybe one day I'll get over to America to do it. My gran, papa and aunt are together and that's a favourite if mine
My most memorable gravesite is of Sir Ernest Shackleton, the famed explorer.  He is buried at Grytviken on South Georgia Island in Antarctica, where he died of a heart attack.  It is by an abandoned whaling station and of course surrounded by amazing views.  We toasted him there, and it was an honor.
Michael Jackson was my favourite
I had heard that Walt Disney had his body frozen,  and when technology learns how to bring him back , they will. So how can his ashes be in the  mausoleum?
I was moved to see your tribute to Audrey, as my dream would be to visit both Hepburns - Audrey & Katharine. What a legacy of work, and, as you indicated, works (as relates to Audrey). God bless!
Love this video. Thank you Arthur.
James Dean's Grave in Fairmount Indiana! My Dad's home state
Great video keep up the great work
Todos maravilhosos, cada um com sua realmente importância no mundo e em nossos corações, saudades eternas. E pra você amigo, uma longa e feliz vida de saúde, paz e mais e mais sucesso.
My favorite grave visit was Billie Holiday at st Raymond’s cemetery in the Bronx.
MY sis
As a fan of animation, definitely Mel Blanc. As far as Hollywood in general, Marilyn Monroe. On a personal level, my dad's grave, which I made a point to visit every Father's Day weekend.
Thanks for doing this
Impressive you went to Poe's grace at night. I heard that is a bad area of the city. But everyone that doesn't go into Baltimore a lot say that the whole city is not safe. I worked in Baltimore City for almost 18 years.
Thank you for doing these videos. They are wonderful. Poe is one of my favorite writers. Audrey was a beautiful person. Keep them going.
You mispronounced Mel Blanc's surname.
Unless I’m mistaken, if you stop the real right before Marilyn Monroe‘s tomb, you can see the one to the left of her is….Hugh Hefner, of Playboy. 😮
Great commentry, but you failed to mention that Charlie chaplins body was dug up in 1978 and stolen, then held to ransom, it in the grave you pointed out, but with reinforced concrete
I really love this video.  So glad you added honorable mentions because it's true, hard to limit the top 10
Arthur. Ranks  your  beautiful  I would love to  meet you and see all of you.
what? no Elvis?
I personally like Elvis Presley’s graveside. So personal and beautiful in the mediation garden.
…and nevermore, quoth the raven.  ❤  Many good authors went before their time: Edgar Allan Poe, Jack London, John Steinbeck. Just to name a few. :)
My Mother of course ❤.  But also, I live in Maryland, and grew up on John Waters films and found so much inspiration (musically) from the careers of John's muses (so to speak) so going to Towson's Prospect Hill Cemetery to visit Glenn Milstead "Divine" was extremely meaningful to me. 😊
I have always thought your voice fits with what you have done for the past 6 yrs. I am sure you have had an unforgettable journey.
Never knew Monroe was her mom's maiden name.
Just came across this amazing channel.  So classy and well done.  Thank you for the tour.  I subscribed and look forward to more adventures with you.
So cool, Walt Disney, Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn are distant cousins of mine! RIP to all of them!
Will you be featuring the grave of Jason David Frank
I have had an occasion to visit Les Paul's grave several times as I live close by. It is a nice setting and the memorial is beautiful. I have never been there where there wasn't a number of guitar picks left on it to mark visitors.
When ever you leave please leave a rock on top of Mel Blanc Grave. When you leave a Jewish Cemetery it shows signs of respect.
Love this guy. Moves right along and is very interesting!
How sad that Marilyn Monroe has to lie forever next to Hugh Heffner ☹️
My father was scattered and has no grave, but I put flowers down where he was scattered. In memory of my father a WW2 veteran I place flowers on 8 military graves around him to say thank you.
I suppose the only famous ones I've visited were some in Italy when I was on a honeymoon trip. Of particular interest to me are graves of famous composers and other historical artists and figures, so that's what I focused on there. Of course there are some famous ones in Washington, D.C. near where I live, and I've seen some famous ones in Arlington Cemetery. And I've seen Poe's grave in Baltimore.  I've seen several of your grave tour videos and loved them all, but this one of your highlights is my favorite. Big names, interesting histories, excellent research, professional photography and editing, and respectful sensitivity of the celebrities and locations. One of my favorite aspects of your videos is your gentle voice and careful, clear enunciation. I hope someday you can win some awards.
Very good video!! Thanks!
Probably Lee Harvey Oswald.. Arguably the most famous murder on live TV....
I have a co worker who does the porky pig that's all folks at the end of every shift over our radios. Always cracks me up.
It is so sad that Michael is shut away from the world.It isn't what he would have wanted.He loved his fans and nature and would have wanted  people to visit him.He was so lonely alive and now in death.I am the same age as Michael and adored  him all my life.I hope to visit forest lawn one day.Thankyou for this
My favorite  my own. Because it is still empty.
My favorite grave is that of my dad. I lost him 35 yrs ago. It is the place I go when I want to feel complete peace. It is my safe haven.
Don't forget Arlington Natl Cemetary. With the Kenedys, ENG, and so many more
Brandon lee was my neighbor in Rolling Hills Estates
Boring...
What is the most unique grave site you’ve seen?
I enjoy visiting the graves that you feature on your channel. You take us along with you and give us tidbits about their lives and what they are remembered for. Thank-you for sharing.
Actually being kicked out of a cemetery? You're disturbing their peace.
Absolutely a fantastic job you do with all your hard work in making these video's for everyone to watch and enjoy. Your a real professional at this. I respect you and all your hard work. everything is so informative. i live in Ottawa Canada..no famous people out here really in the graveyards here. Please keep up with your videos..there great !!
Your chosen list of celebrities very much mirrors mine, but I have not been to the West Coast yet. I guess if I had to pick my favorite that I visited, aside from Catching Judy about a week or two before she got moved, I would say Johnny Cash.
I am curious, but did you have to get permission to go past the chain barriers to photograph the Burns & Allen graves?
I am glad you remembered David Niven's grave, also in Switzerland. I saw it on a travel show. It is in a beautiful setting too. Another beautiful grave and setting was on the documentary on Andrew Wyeth. As a U.S. Navy photographer I met and photographed him at my command in Brunswick, Maine. With my art background, I knew who he was and when he saw me, starstruck with the camera in my hands, he came up and shook my hand. I complimented him on his work and that of  his father's art too, which he appreciated.  My commander took Andrew Wyeth around the building and I took photos until they took him up in one of our planes.  They flew over his island home. I saw the resulting photos of people looking up and waving. I wasn't allowed on the flight due to not being trained as an aerial photographer. I rushed back to the photo lab and made a photo layout with my photos as a gift for our commander to give him when the plane landed about an hour later. Wyeth made a drawing and (watercolor?) painting of a man in a 1700's era style coat looking up at a P-3 aircraft. I saw the copy that the base got as a gift from Wyeth. I wonder where it is now, considering the base was on the closure list, and therefore closed a few years later. I hope it's in a museum. Years later, when living in Santa Fe, NM, I went to the Hurd Gallery. The owner is related to the Hurds, who were related to the Wyeths by marriage I believe. He was looking a little skeptical at my remarks, until I bought in some of the Navy photos on another visit. We had a nice talk about his family background of the Hurds and Wyeths. I believe A&E did the documentary that I saw that shows his grave.
Visited my favorite founding father, John Adam's. Most famous for me.
I totally love watching your videos they're totally awesome and beautiful and I'm looking forward to seeing more videos by you hon 😊✌️😇☕ happy New Year 🎉🎉✌️😇☕☕😇💖💯🌷🌸🌺🏵️🥀❤️✌️😇
I have visited the titanic graveyard here in Nova Scotia, my homeland!
George and Gracie, true class acts. When they started out Gracie was supposed to play the straight part and George the goofball but Gracie was so much better than George at the goofball part that they switched and history was made.
If it's ever possible could you visit J. Dilla. He was a Rapper and Music Producer From Detroit, Micigan. He died on Febuary 10th, 2006 at the age of 32 due to lupis. He's buried at Woodlawn. He and Nujabes (Japanese Producer and DJ) are considered the Pioneers of Lo-fi Hip-Hop. Also fun fact him and Nujabes Were born on the same day of the same month of the same year. February 7th, 1974.
New subscribers here from UK 🇬🇧 😀 good stuff 👍.
I agree about your moving words, re Audrey Hepburn.  She was so ethereal and wholesome.  She is still one of my favorite actresses of all time.  RIP Audrey.
Very inspiring!  BTW, Leigh Harline was my grandmother's first beau when they both were students at East High School, Salt Lake City, Utah.
I share a birthday with Rod Serling. I send to watch The Twilight Zone with my dad. I was too scared to watch it by myself or even just with my twin sister
I loved Gracie Allen. Very funny lady
Was hoping we’d run into you in the California cemeteries my daughter and I visited back in 2019. As for most memorable for me was the mass grave and memorial for the victims of the Jonestown killings. For whatever reason that tragedy had a huge effect on me even though I’m in Australia. Perhaps because my son had been born just 2 weeks before and there were so many child victims. We visited Walt Disney’s grave as well. Was a very long walk up hill and then when we were walking back to the gates a kind older gentleman offered us a ride. He told us he visited his wife’s grave every day.
Arthur I totally agree and understand why you visited Mel Blank first! I regret that I've never had the opportunity to visit him in person.
All of your videos are great but this one is especially personal and lovely - thank you for sharing this top 10 with us!
A grave that really touches me is Chris Kyle's. But I love cemeteries. More so since September when my Mom passed.  Her marker was placed in December. We just put the first saddle on her grave on the 4 month anniversary of her death. Never had to hold back tears more than that day.
My favorite celebrity grave would be of Katherine Hepburn who is buried in a humble family plot in Hartford Connecticut.
My Father was a medic during Korea & Viet Nam, afterward he worked for a funeral home as a mortician. Whenever he would take us on his travels the first thing we would do in a new town was visit the local cemetery. To me it was as normal as brushing your teeth in the morning ❤
First time, I saw you without sunglasses
My least favorite will be...my own. Visit often please.
I wonder if you've ever gone to Mark Twine's grave
my faves are Popeye, Peanuts, and BATMAN.
U Miss in  west swiss the grave of roger more and Peter Ustinov. Or Johanna spiry(Heidi story) in Zürich
Mel Blanc was a true legend 👏 🙌 🤧 ❤️ 🙏 much love Arlene from Scotland xoxoxo
My favorite grave is elvis presleys
For me, it was visiting Frank Sinatra and Sonny Bono. Both near each other in Desert Memorial Park, Cathedral City, CA.
I've missed you Arthur.
Rest in peace 🙏
Love the content Mr dark keep it up I get happy when there's a new video my favourite grave hard to narrow down I love  marilyn Monroes grave
Got to visit Marlon Murrow .. ❤ After watching Hollywood graveyard I was in town a few months later .. popped up .
Great videos Arthur I love them. ❤️
17:09   hey a toonie!
When I worked for a Maryland undertaker, I often would be at the Medical Examiner which was then located directly across the street from the Westminster Graveyard. I would often pause the van on the street in brief silent tribute much to the annoyance of bustling Baltimore.
I love donld duck I have a tattoo  and a good collection  to
I truly appreciate your channel.  You take us to places most of us would never have a chance to visit. Your fascinating story telling about the way the famous and infamous lived are respectfully done. Thank you.
Can you do rodgers and hammerstein's oklahoma 1955 casts grave sites?
Beautifully done! Perhaps if you  haven't already, you could tour Greenwood Cemetery in Brooklyn,  one of the most astonishing in America,  and Pere Lachaise,  the City of the Dead in Paris.
The grave site that means the most to me is the grave of my 18 year old son.  He died serving our country with the Marines and is buried at Willamette National Cemetery, a cemetery dedicated to military personnel.  It is a beautiful place to sit with my son but I wish he was coming home to us instead.
Your vids are by far the best.  I think I've seen everyone of your vids.  I was wondering if on one of your trips back east, if you ever visited the grave of Sal Mineo.  He's one of my all time favorite actors.
Walt Disneys ancestors are buried not far from where I live in Ireland
My Uncle is buried in the Court of Freedom, my sister is in Lullabyland and I have another Uncle and my beloved Grandparents are there. This is one of the most beautiful, peaceful places to go
Well done Arthur. I love your videos. Hope you have a great 2023. God bless you x
Fantastic list and presented as always, with respect, insight and a bit of humour! THANK YOU!!!  Was deeply moved on seeing Audrey Hepburn's resting place... a stunning place for an equally stunning and beautiful lady.
Didn't someone attempt to break into Chaplin's grave shortly after his death?
Great video! All your videos are so well done! You do them with the altmost respect and kindness. Keep showing these fantastic videos!
My older sister killed my mom,  so the court is ongoing
I really enjoyed this video. Jack Benny, George Burns and Mel Blanc are some of my favorites from the early days of radio and television. I have been visiting the graves of football icons since 2006. Knute Rockne, George Gipp, John Heisman and Jim Thorpe are just a few. The graves I have been to are scattered throughout the Midwest. I have done articles on all the gridiron graves I have been to but plan to start doing videos of my visits this year.
I lived in L.A. for a couple of years, in the Burbank area. Although I worked in organ, tissue and eye donation doing surgical recoveries, which was an intimate brush with the deaths of many, including a few celebrities, and which led me to a behind-the-scenes perspective at most of the prominent cemeteries in the area, I only visited one grave while I was there. One chilly, rainy morning, "American Pie" came on the radio as I was driving home from work. I decided to head to the San Fernando Mission Catholic Cemetery and pay my respects to Ritchie Valens. There was nobody else around and I got soaked. As a musician myself, it was a peaceful, albeit wet experience.
I prefer brunettes over blondes.  Yes Marilyn was a beauti for her era.
When did Mel Blanc died please let on 🤔
Thanks  Mr Dark 👍
My top 10 favorite graves you visited in the past   10.Marilyn Monroe  9.Soulja Slim 8. Left Eye 7. Rick James  6. Eazy-E 5.John Witherspoon  4.John Singleton  3. Bernie Mac 2.Aaliyah  1. Micheal Jackson
I enjoyed this entire episode and the other ones as well, the Michael Jackson one is what got my interest, as was Mel Blanc, I loved watching the looney tunes and all that, same with the flintstones and jetsons, big part of my childhood right there  Maybe for a future episode, maybe William ''Paul Bearer" Moody, Jason David Frank, Alex Trebek, George Jones, Tom Petty, Peter Jennings, Owen Hart, Davey Boy Smith aka the British bulldog, Scott Hall
I used to live down the street from Hollywood Forever, and directly across the street from Paramount Studios. Yup. Right in the middle of Hollyweird. George and Googie. I still love their comedy.
As a massive boxing fan, my favourite grave is that of the father of boxing Jack Broughton, in Westminster Abbey. The grave took me years to find as he is buried in the cloisters with just his wife's name on the stone. I was finally taken there by an employee who informed me the last person to ask to be taken there was one Michael Tyson. R I P Jack.
Disney must be rolling in his grave about now 😞
Excellent Arthur. You should be on the big screen!
Arthur, I just stumbled on your YouTube videos and I'm hooked.  It's obvious you spend a lot of time making your videos - the high quality shows.  I'm 67 years young and I know many of the people you bring focus to, but many I don't know so that's an education for me.  Thank you for sharing.
my favorite grave- in an old, small, and terribly run down cemetery in Socorro New Mexico are the graves of the founders of the Hilton empire, August and wife Mary. its hardly the image of the Hiltons that we have today. Humble
Amazing video, I can't believe you got so close to Michael Jackson's tomb. Taken quite a few years ago I'm guessing? When we visited in 2016 we couldn't even get up to the door of the Holly Terrace. If you visit now there's a white curtain blocking the view of the entire section. Favourite grave I have ever visited (on that same trip in 2016) was Karen Carpenter's in Westlake Village. Amazing views from the grave and the cemetary itself was so beautiful and peaceful
The grave of Rudolph Nureyev! The mosaic tile carpet on his tumb is a work of art!
Like for him to have done the most famous of all. Elvis Presley
Of all the famous graves i have seen, was graceland last resting place of Elvis. And Chris Cornel from soundgarden/ audioslave.
I’ve been a viewer for 6 years and I will continue to watch
Another marvelous video journey. My daughter, Lauren, and I really enjoyed it. We want to add that seeing you as a little boy with your beloved Donal Duck elicited an “Awww…” from both of us.
Actually Michael isn’t there in Glendale. Rumor has it that Kate Jackson had his body secretly cremated scattered his ashes at Neverland and the casket that was entombed at Forrest Lawn is empty.
Corrie ten Boom. She is a legend in Christianity. I had no idea she was buried in San Diago.
I once read that Audrey Hepburn was so good in Roman Holiday that Gregory Peck insisted she get top billing along with him even though she was unknown prior to its release. 👸
The only famous grave I've ever visited was James Dean.  It was so amazing.  There was no one else around, so it was quiet. ❤
There tends to be a huge problem with most people in the world. They like to put certain people on giant pedestals and display them. Sad actually
Enjoy all that you do to help us remember and respect those that have  entertained and influenced us as we journey through this world.
Richard Burton is my favorite, along with Marilyn Monroe
Xddddd 9:53
The celebrities are fortunate.  They will be remembered long after the rest of us are gone.  We are only 3 generations away from being forgotten, unless someone comes to visit our graves.
Annoying, distracting and unnecessary background music. Had to switch off at Marilyn Monroe.
Hi there I'm John from England I just want to say I really enjoyed watching your video it's very interesting I am a fan of Walt Disney Butler been I just want to say is this Walt Disney if anyone knows history cause the love people to lose their jobs I think this was in the 50s when there was this witch hunt or looking for communists and he pointed his finger a lot of people and I think even maybe one of them was Charlie Chaplin who got the boot no from their jobs because they were accused of being communist so in that respect I don't really think much of Walt Disney to be honest you know that's just my opinion
I love your narrative and the storyline, thank you for sharing and remembering those who are gone and that left a mark in history.
Lovely stuff Poe I think would have loved BATMAN in detective comics
Had been to a few famous graves in my lifetime, My most memorable one was at Pere Lachaise in Paris on a rainy fall day.Many famous people are buried there including Chopin, Bernhard, Wilde, but the most hidden one was Jim Morrisons grave, if you been there you know exactly what I'm talking about.......
I was watching your video on the twilight zone, my favorite episode was To Serve Man. I love to watch your videos and listen to them to fall asleep lol!! You have a soothing voice. Thank you for the entertainment and knowledge.
Enjoy all your videos. Hope you someday do one with all the MASH cast members and all associated with the show and Night Court. I've learned so much watching you.
I think Norman Wisdom had a nod to Charlie Chaplin with his scuffy look.
It's such an ordinary grave, but it's hard to skip Bing Crosby in West LA.
In 25:06 that my favourite Bruce Lee and Brandon lee
Some of my favourite graves that I have visited over the years on my travels are Michelangelo, Edith Piaf, Elvis Presley,  Oscar Wilde. Some that I would like to visit are Judy Garland, Eva Peron, Isaac Newton, Leonardo Da Vinci and Marilyn Monroe. Famous graves I’ve seen here in my homeland of Australia are Ben Chifley (ex Australian PM), Robert Menzies and Malcolm Fraser (both ex PM’s), Henry Lawson and Bourke and Wills.
My personal favorite is my parent's, brother, and sister graves. I have a second sister's grave in Dayton, Ohio that I haven't visited since the 70's. It is about a 1000-mile round trip.
I loved your batman special and my 3rd most watched video on your channel. I hope you do "A SUPERHERO SPECIAL" and keep up the good work
BRAVO Arthur!!!
Who gave you permission to visit and film for  youtube, Jacksons grave? I'm really interested as I suspect his family would be, especially if the cemetery let you in there to film without asking their permission. I can't imagine they would have wanted it on youtube and am really confused as to how you were able to go in there and film.
Always Enjoy Your Presentations, Mr. Dark!!!  Very Good...  Thank You!!!  I Visit Cemeteries & Sit Still Just Listening...
He died of Absinthe intoxication.
My favourite lady is Audrey Hepburn in my fair lady and a lovely headstone and flowers too!!!
I love your Channel!
I knew George Burns (like you) as the old man who didn't realize he was an old man, the thick glasses the Cigar etc. After watching All the seasons at least twice of Burns and Allen I now know who he really was and Gracie, well let me just say that the idea that Lucy was the funniest woman in the fifties is a lie told (probably her) that award goes hands down to Gracie Allen the funniest woman I have ever watched!
Nice to see Chopin's grave. I'm told his heart was sent to Warsaw Poland, his original homeland. They wanted to be able to venorate it, and rightly so.
My favorite famous grave I went to visit a few years ago was James Byron Dean grave. He was a great actor that continues to inspire people all over the world. 1931-1955
Your take on Poe's graveside was truly brilliant. Or putting in simple terms..downright spooky. Great video. Love your videos and how you give a brief history about the person.
The one most important grave is that of my beloved first husband who passed away in 2019. Rick was the love of my life, my heart and my Best friend.  Art, I love your blogs!  Keep up the great work.  This blog was my favorite one.
Karen Carpenter because it’s so private, Judy Garland because it’s so celebratory and Edith Piaf because it’s devotional. I also enjoyed seeing George Seurat in the same Paris cemetery. He was ignored in life and in death.
My fav is johnny and june carter cash. I always wanted to see their grave and july 2022 i got to do so as well as traveling to Arlington national cemetery wen i was younger
George Burns and Gracie Allen ❤ Audrey Hepburn ❤ I have visited the JFK gravesite several times, along with RFK, at Arlington National Cemetery.  History changed when each was assassinated and it is a very powerful place to visit.
I thought Jim Morrisons grave was interesting. It was the first celebrity grave I visited (way back in 94) and it was the first time I realized celebrities don't all have huge ornate graves. His is really just tucked in there. Also, a really neat cemetery.
WOW! I was paralyzed in a car accident on Clark Gable's 20th Death Anniversary........November 16, 1980
Love watching your show. The music and how you present each gravesite makes it even more interesting.  You've visited graves of people I never knew existed or didn't know where some of these famous people where buried.
Mel Blanc for sure!👍 At Westwood I would pick Dean Martin. Somehow I knew you would pick Richard Burton. That one stood out in my mind when you featured it.
I will give you mine top 10  is Clark Gable..i love his movies, Audrey Hepburn..i love her in breakfast at Tiffany's and looking out for kid's over seas, Marilyn Monroe..she is one of favorite actresses, Charlie Chaplin..i love the way he brought his films to life rather it was it was non speaking and speaking, George Michael..one of favorite music artists, i was born in 1980 and i grew up listening to George Michael when he was with Wham.  The other people i mentioned i knew of watched their filmed was because of my mom and grandma, Carrie Fisher..i just love her in Star Wars, Her Mom Debbie Reynolds..i love her in Singing in the rain, Montgomery Clift is another one of mine, Mae West is another one of mine ,i love how she deals with the guys, My last and finial one is no other than Benjamin Franklin deep down what did was science and history but anyway it put one of Pennsylvania cities on the map i was born in Pennsylvania but anyway i enjoy learning on how they did what they did and how it came to it. There is my top 10 when it to comes to celebrities graves
Poe probably died of alkaPOE poisoning..
Michael Jackson's gold plated casket ,,,,🤔⚰ who says you can't take it with you..💰💵🤷‍♂️
Mine too. I would love a Rod Serling reading list
Good job we have the same last name
I've been a subscriber and a fan for 5+ years and can't thank you enough. I have seen all the videos at least  6 times and will continue to make that number increase. Thanks for letting me tag along. It's greatly appreciated.
The only "famous grave" I've visited was the Earp brother buried in San Bernardino, CA. Morgan? I've actually forgotten which brother it was!
Such important people, and yet most of their graves are so simple. Except for Michael Jackson.  The claim that Disney was cremated makes me wonder if maybe the rumor is true that he's really frozen somewhere.
24:24 its cuts deep into the bone,
Without question in visiting famous graves...in no particular order ...my favorites with meaning are....Abraham Lincoln...Martin Luther Jr.... Rosa Parks..Edgar allan poe...Jesse James...Johnny cash...Aretha franklin...George jones...Donna summer...Burl ives...obviously I have so many more ( movie stars in particular) graves to visit...but up to this point there are my faves
Feel very conflicted whenever Walt Disney pops up, mostly because of the rumors that there was a letter between him and Hitler in the aftermath of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" release, it being his favorite even, while in another case his friendship with Wernher von Braun
Was entirely with you until #6, for a multitude of reasons, not the least of which are criminal (no pun intended). A couple decades ago I heard the 3 most popular/visited Graves in the US were Marie Laveau, John Kennedy/Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, with number 1 perpetually (& ironically) being the only actual "King" in this Country's history: Elvis😉
God is no respecter of persons.  1 Corinthians 15:1-4
One of the coolest I have seen is the Wright Brothers. I have always been fascinated with airplanes and I grew up in Dayton. Woodland Cemetery is one of the best and their grave is impressive.
I've visited the Graves of O.Henry and Thomas Wolfe in Asheville, NC. My favorite has been the future tomb of Nicolas Cage. The one I really want to see is Jason David Frank's in Corvina, CA but I'll probably never make it there.
Being a Star Wars geek since 1977, the grave of Carrie Fisher is my favorite. Miss that lady's sense of humor.
Jean Harlow at forest lawn Glendale. In the museum, I spent a few minutes with my favorite movie star
Come to Fall River Massachusetts to see the Grave of Liszzy Borden
I've just found you & now I'm looking forward to viewing all those episodes you mentioned & all of those you didn't, I subscribe.
my grandparents are buried right around the corner from Marilyn Monroe and Huge Hefnar Westwood is such a beautiful small cemetary in middle of a busy city
You made mention that you were surprised that someone of Walt Disney's fame only had has a simple memorial and you'd expect a huge monument. The same can be said for The Chairman of The Board. Frank Sinatra. If anyone was going to have a huge monument, you'd think it would be Frank Sinatra. Yet his final resting place is nothing more than a bronze plaque on a lawn grave.
You did great to graves. And love the Twilight zone . Thank you.
Great segment. In the last 4 years I visited Los Angeles twice , both time I visited the same grave at the Home of Peace memorial park in East Los Angeles, and that's the grave of Curly Howard, Curly the famous comedian who gave The Three Stooges all the spices and seasoning this comedy show has until today's date and 70 years after Curly Howard death he is still the funniest member of the famous Three Stooges. In December 16, 2022, I visited his grave for the second time, prior to make arrangements with Curly Howard grandchildren Andrea Denise Server-Bell and Bradley Server Curly G, to meet there to visit grave. For Bradley it was the first time in his life that he visited his grandfather' s grave. After, rejoicing a gathering in Curly's grave, where we paid our respect to the memory of the Hollywood Icon, we prayed and spoke about Curly's life and his final years. The grandchildren are two of the three children of Marilyn Howard, Curly's oldest daughter, from his second marriage with Eliene Ackerman. They spoke the intriguing way to find out that Curly Howard was their biological maternal grandfather. After visiting Curly's grave and writing the words Nyuk Nyuk Nyuk on his grave using pennies, we head to their great Uncle's nitch Shemp who is interned in the nearby Museleum. There are many mysteries and untold stories surrounding The Three Stooges.
So, love the video but Michael Jackson isn’t buried in that crypt, only his gold-plated casket is. He was cremated shortly after his death amid fear that fans would try to disturb his body post-mortem
At - 25:53 -   The church is right across the street from the VA Hospital 😎    When you walk to the back of the church is where Mr. Poe was 1st burried. While your walk there there is a grave where you can look down into the hole where the caskets are & there is a swing.     If you say; " hello" sometimes you'll see the swing move back & forth. It isn't the 'wind' that does it... it's more like the sprite is saying "hi" back. You be the judge.
Your presentation is totally exceptional 🌾🎭🎠🎈
Amazing work!
‘George Michaels’without a doubt 🎶🤓🎭🌾🎠🎈
From the production quality to the internationally known names of great prominence, this video is an educational masterpiece.  With every departed soul featured, I learned things about their life and careers I would never would have been aware.  Thank you for your devotion and thoughtfulness.
Love this - bravo, Arthur!
So many, so near and yet so far away.  The dead are all famous because they braved a life unknowing what will come. Many are dying to meet you Arthur and perhaps tell their tale.
Your videos are more than excellent pieces of homage to Hollywood of the past, they are also good history lessons for the context in which these people lived and worked. Not all the history is positive, of course, but pointing out the successes of those who worked under difficult circumstances, especially the studio system, is an added plus. I am sort of a "Johnny come lately to your series but am always glad to be newly informed. Thank you
I am a true fan of your videos, sharing the same passion of visiting famous graves, thank you for creating them.  What is fascinating is how some larger than life personalities have some of the most modest burial sites.  Perhaps this is a testament to their humble beginnings.  While I have visited many of the graves in this video, I admire how each person had a bit of influence in your life to compel your visit.  The greatest example of immortality.
Great job as usual 👏I enjoy the well-made work you put in to your documentaries! Keep it going!
My personal favorite grave to visit is Dean Martin’s. Westwood Cemetery is so serene and beautiful. I try to visit him as much as I can, as well as Marilyn’s. We share a birthday, so I like to bring her flowers on June 1st, as a way to get to “celebrate” together.
I knew Edgar Allan Poe would be no 1. He’s my favourite writer too and  I yearn to visit him
These were great...I also love the graves of Charlton Heston and Bob Hope.
Because of your videos, I went and found Walt Disney. I worked at Disney and his legacy changed my life. Now I need to go  to Rod Serlings since I worked at the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.
Thank you Arthur for all your hard work, really enjoy these videos. I get what it must feel like to be so close to someone you really admired and just have to let it sink in, they are so close yet far away! Beautiful cemetery I’d love to see Marilyn Monroe’s resting place, I have tremendous respect for her and what she has been thru ❤
My personal favorite grave is my mama who passed away on December 25, 1988.  I visit her grave every year in October (i have a photo of her grave marker but cant figure out how ro post it...i love the Audrey Hepburn grave site!!
If I ever become famous you're welcome to visit my grave....🙂
I love the Rod Serling inclusion.
Last year (2022) I actually was in Baltimore and did visit the grave of Poe. It was quiet. we were the only 4 there. It was silent and inspiring. We lite a candle and placed it near him. We also saw the original plot he was in. BTW, it is an interesting cemetery. There were several original signers of the Declaration there. The place has history on all levels. It is a place to be, see and read.
Arthur my friend, i guess Poe is number 1, I was right huh! i love your show. Greetings from a friend from Brazil.
Marilyn Monroe, Heather O’Rourke, Dominique Dunne, Walt Disney, Jean Harlow, Lon Chaney, Peter Lorre , Anton Yelchin, Elizabeth Taylor, Amy Winehouse, Whitney Houston, Bobbi Kristina, Harry Houdini, Debbie Reynolds, Carrie Fisher, Judy Garland, Bruce Lee, Brandon Lee and Edgar Allan Poe. There’s more I wish I can add but these are my favorite famous graves of these wonderful people
Arthur is a boneyard thief.
The Celebrity Grave I visited most often when I lived in Lansing, Michigan was Ransom Eli Olds, Founder of Oldsmobile. The family Mausoleum was about a 2 mile bike ride from my house, in Mt. Hope Cemetary. It is on the way to our local Arbouretum Park.
I love the "Twilight Zone" episode. The end has a very fitting twist to it. :)
Thanks Mr. Dark.
I so enjoy these
Why dDO cemeteries keep people away from graves?
Great narration!
I have spent the last 15 years visiting graves around South Texas and Nashville and have many "favorites" .  My top grave was the first I can remember visiting.  When we lived in Germany, my father took us to Luxembourg where we visited the resting place of George S. Patton. Very moving as he faces his men who went with him in battle. Honorable mentions are Queen Elizabeth I, Buddy Holly, George Armstrong Custer, Marty Robbins and Johnny Cash. Can't wait for the next viewers choice!  I have some videos from Nashville to share.
I would love to see a juice wrld grave visit he was my favorite singer and helped me through ao many dark times and he was a legend gone way to soon
There is a simple grave in The Wirral Merseyside England at St Peters Church ..it simply states on the gravestone.."Remeber me as you pass by..As you are now so once was I..As i am now so you will be..Prepare yourself to follow me...Quite a simple but effective way of saying theres no way out 🤗
Arthur c Clark was the guy who got me started on paranormal, ghosts,aliens,monsters,ect .name just reminded me of him
Fantastic! Your eloquent use of descriptive words and cliches made the stories behind the graves, as well your journey, a more provocative and enduring experience. Absolutely love it❤. I would love to meet you one day for a handshake and for a job well done.
I love George and Gracie. Thank you for always doing such a wonderful job 💖 ❤️
Elvis Presley ,JFK, George Washington
My grandpa’s grave is at the famous Arlington National cemetery and my grandpa faught in WW2. He isn’t famous but it’s a honor my grandpa is buried there and it’s always a pleasure to visit and emotional
My favorites that you have visited are Edgar Alan Poe and Marilyn Monroe. I personally visited the graves of Chris Cornell, and my other favorite Rudolph Valentino. Thank you for your beautiful videos and commentary. I’ve learned so much from your channel.
One the best places for a country's history are their cemeteries. Excellent job Arthur. You are a great historian!
What is thee only grave that you want to visit and have on your personal Bucket List?
Love the channel! Have been watching for a year now, and seen everything twice. Never stop entertaining Arthur!
I love Mel Blanc, and all the Warner cartoons.  They (directors, animators, musicians etc) were all geniuses
Marilyn dead. ..Yes, Marilyn Monroe is murdered please
Rod Serling has to be the find of finds. Such a genius, never anyone even close to having his imagination. I found MJ’s very interesting too, the window. Thanks for another respectful clip👌 Forgot to mention Audrey Hepburn, one of a kind. “Wait Until Dark”.
Thanks for this, I'm from the highlands of Scotland, living on a Greek island, watching your excellent video. This reminds me of something that my late father said to me. He said "Death is the great leveller. We all end up in the same place, rich or poor, famous or unknown, great or reviled. Enjoy your beautiful life son, it doesn't last for very long".
There are so many great greats that you have showed to us on the channel...every one with the same care, thoughtfulness and grace in how you have always come across. But in all honesty...as far as this video goes...the best part is the clip of you as a little kid explaining how you got your Donald Duck...priceless and thank you for sharing that part of your younger days Arthur.     Thanks for doing all of the massive amounts of research you do do for each notable figure you feature. I have learned and heard of people I had no idea who they were. You knock it out of the park every time...to me that is a gift...a great story teller:-)
god i love watching your work. ive always had a love and fascnation with graves. please keep them coming
Since Michael Jackson area is chained off, can someone fly a drone and video tape the area pass the chains?
I'm glad you left Poe's grave for the last one.  I was getting  my itinerary  ready so I could meet up with  a couple of sorority sisters.  That didn't happen cuz COVID-19 brought to a  screeching halt. It ruined our little girl time/ reunion. The sad part now  one of the  sisters passed away from contracting COVID. So the other sister & I  still to  make that trip happen sometime with in the year 2023.  Anyway I really appreciate your videos.  You have smooth, gentle & very unique voice. To me it's  the perfect graveyard voice. Not to ominous but still a little on the macabre side.  So many others are horrible. They bore me to tears. With these monotone  voices.     I'm  from south Central Oklahoma. I'm about 11 miles from the Oklahoma & Texas state line. The  Big Red River separates us. I'm true southerner all the way down to my toes.  I was blessed to move around with my job as a young teacher.  My 1st teaching job was at a private Catholic school in. Memphis, Tennessee Memphis was amazing with one of a kind juke joints & a few  hole in the wall  jazz clubs.   I was young & and hungry for my new life to start. I was seriously naive &  ignorant of the danger lurking in the shadows all around me. I had no fear & wasn't  scared of anything. I was ready to do part by righting all the wrongs done to the underdogs. Being fres outta college and had no idea how the real world worked but I can  say I wouldn't change my life it for the world. I love & taught history.  I also love to  travel so that's why I  took the opportunities to move deeper into rural southern states like Arkansas, Mississippi , Louisiana & Alabama. I have a couple thoughts on doing a new video ab the deep south grave yards.. I've always been intrigued by Hank Williams & death. He was a lot like Paula very tormented soul. Alcohol, pain pills & woman led to his downfall. Martin Luther King's assassination is still mysterious.  It's crazy how he stood on the balcony of the Lorraine motel & James Earl Ray knew exactly what he was going to step out on that balcony & killed him.  During my 2 year stay in Memphis I became obsessed with him & the fight which in sued the city of Memphis over they wanting demolish little rain motel & build a new museum. The city ended up  With 80 to 100 people on the daily got  (me included).  We had tents & sleeping as we made circle all the way around the Lorraine motel. No one was gonna destroy it without a fight, legally verbally and spiritually  We drew a lot of of attention. Local TV news stations & newspaper. It was my only time to ever do a sit in. We stayed strong & the city finally backed down & the motel which is a huge part of our American history.. Today it's super cool civil rights museum.  Anyway I guess that's all I need to say there's a couple of other Graves that I'm curious about and I'll just save that for another time God bless keep up the good work
Loved it ..I'm a big fan of Marilyn Monroe. The only famous grave I've seen is Elvis Presley and his parents ❤️
My favorite cartoon character was jonny quest
Wow, Walt Disney was only 65 years old.
Thanks... always brilliant. Well done.
Keep doing what you are doing as you do it beautifully. Not everyone appreciates visiting the graves of the greats and you do it with great respect.
Chaplin is an interesting man. He seemed to prefer under aged women and spoke out against capitalism and war. He then attacked the HUAC for going after civil liberties. He of course wasn't wrong going after HUAC. George Orwell(yes that Orwell) gave a list of people he suspected as communist in America and Britain to British intelligence, in that list was Chaplin. Which is interesting in itself as Orwell was a socialist but believed in Democracy. I suspect Chaplin and him may have agreed on many things if they had been closer friends and it's also very possible that Chaplin was indeed a communist despite the many false accusations other actors faced.
Buddy Holly.  While in DC the graves of John and Robert Kennedy as well as the tomb of the unknown soldier.
How about a tour of famous graves of military people?  MacArthur, Patton, Kennedy, Omar Bradley?
I have a huge crush on you lol 🥰
I have only visited one famous person's grave and that was of the film star Louise Brooks. She is buried in Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Rochester NY and I live about 30 miles away.
Love your videos
My favorite is Patsy Cline's grave in Winchester VA
WASNT REALLY AWEARE OF HOW TO GET HOLD OF YOU ... BUT I NEVER COMMENT AS THE 100S OF COMMENTS YOU GET AND HAVE TO READ AND I DONT WANT THE AGERVATE YOU,,, BUT JUST WANTED TO SAY THANKS FOR THE GREAT GRAVEYARDS SHOW AS IM GETTING UP IN AGE AND MY TIME GROWS SHORT. YOU PROBLEY ALREADY KNOW BUT THROWING THIS VID JUST INCASE THERES SOME WHOM HAVE SLIPPED THOUGHT THE CRACKS.... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2HCwhi7mtY
I commend you on such a wonderful, memorable presentation⚠️ The ones that interested me the most were A. Hepburn's simple grave with just a cross. E. A. Poe was a mysterious one. I agree with you that the Eerie, black and white setting for Rod Seeking was fitting. He also has something in common with a very dear person in my life --- my mother!  They both have the exact same birthday...🎄
My parents gave me so much info on the past… I visit their graves regularly but cemeteries fascinate me. I too have been to Westwood to visit with the many there who were a part of my life growing up if but on the screen. But as a history teacher by profession my favorites are those of historic figures, especially the tiny cemeteries of Plymouth, Massachusetts and Boston that contain the remains of America’s founding fathers from Pilgrim graves on the hill in Plymouth to those of Samuel Adams, Paul Revere, and John Hancock and more in Boston. In both I felt their presence.   So close  yet so far away.
I absolutely love that you “met Gracie Allen at the cemetery” such a comforting concept, that even after we are gone new people will meet us.
Though I have nothing but respect for your selection of the top 10 resting places and your honorable mentions. I do find it shocking that Bob Hope wasn't one of them. He was more than a Icon and what he did for our men over seas will forever be a treasure that will never be topped.
I visited Hollwood Forever on vacation many years ago. I saw the graves Rudolph Valentino, Marion Davies, Carl (Alfalfa) Switzer, Douglas Fairbanks Jr .and many more. But I was most impressed by the graves of Cecil B. DeMille and his wife.
please visit Eddie Sedgwick's grave <3
I just love your videos!!
No order but we all knew that Edgar would be number 1. 🤣 I will say I will miss this channel when I die. 😔
Donald Ducks charm totally came from his hot temper.
Hello Arthur!  I especially enjoyed this video and agree with your top-ten list (as well as your "honorable mentions"). May I add just one more to the top-ten list?  (Of course, with this, we now have the "top-eleven!"  LOL!)  Anyway, my pick is the absolutely gorgeous monument (to the great entertainer Al Jolson) at Hillside Memorial Park. You visited there about five years ago and did a wonderful presentation of it. Now, having said this, there is a wonderful celebrity related story (connected to the Jolson monument) that few people are aware of. The incredibly talented actress Shelley Winters (1920-2006) rests there on the "Hillside Slope," very near to the Jolson memorial. The back-story is this:  When Miss Winters first found great success in Hollywood (very early 1950's) she relocated her parents (Jonas and Rose Schrift) from New York City to Southern California, to live with her. Sadly, Mr. Schrift died suddenly in 1955 (at age 64) and Shelley was at a loss as to where her beloved father might rest.  (Back east with other family members, or California?)  Anyway, the big deciding factor was that Mr. Schrift was a huge Al Jolson fan - so much so, that Shelley decided to place him very near to where Mr. Jolson rests. Today our Shelley rests with her parents on that pretty hill.  Cheers and thanks!
Very very nice!
My hometown is where Rod Serling graduated from high school. Not far from here also lies Edwin A Link the creator of the flight simulator
My Favorites are Napoleon, President John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy and the Unknown Soldiers at Arlington National Cemetery.
Fog Horn Leg Horn was my fave
Arthur, you put on one heck of a show. Interesting and thorough and I love your voice. Very articulate......
The Willoughby episode is my favorite as well.
Amazing ❤god bless there souls
Batman is my favorite superhero I would love to Adam West and Kevin Conroy's grave on here one day
Another wonderful video. For the record, you are still a major cutie!
Lots of good info, thanks for this video,. Keep going!!
Gracie Allen and George burns 2 of my fave performers next to Bob Hope and Doris Day.  I have a grogu (yoda) named after Gracie Allen
thanks for the memories
Great video! For me, on a weekend trip to Los Angeles a few years ago I visited Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City. Visiting Bing Crosby’s grave and Bela Lugosi’s grave just 6 plots over was amazing. The greatest crooner and the definitive Dracula-awesome!
I want to Pilgrimage to Jim Morrison's grave and burn a long stick of Romaine Lettuce... If you dig it...
Love that Mel Blanc's grave is your first. I LOVE HIS WORK!!! That famous voice is the sound of my childhood.
Audrey’s grave is beautiful I always thought that watching the past episode 🌸🌺🌻🌹
As always, Sir, so beautifully done. Thank you!
I aDORE your channel! Thanks for doing these!!!
My favorite is in cripple creek Colorado.Fred E. Krueger.1800's.
You are the reason why I now know of a lot of the stars from my past. Your channel brought me to the digging of the past stars of which I only knew of by name. Now, I love to watch all of Dean Martin/Frank Sinatra videos amongst others.
Greetings from southern Ontario Canada I really enjoyed the your videos thanks for sharing this presentation
Arthur your presentation of these videos and narrative is always a huge treat and I am always happy when there is a new one to watch. Sadly I've never visited any of the graves of either the writers or actors I adore but rest assured they are on my bucket list.
My favorite grave is mine, because it is empty.....
Thank you for sharing Arthur. Always so inspiring. My favorite graves are all in Denmark. Some in Copenhagen, some in other cities.
My goodness, I hadn't seen you with the streak of white hair in your beard! Very charming indeed.  I dare to ask this question Mr. Dark, but here goes: Have you thought about your own final wishes (May it be a long time from now!!)   My husband and I have purchased our two side-by-side graves in the San Carlos Cemetery in Monterey, CA.  I want a European "toe-pincher" casket. He doesn't care about his. I hope to live at least 50 years more, but it is peace of mind knowing where we will be laid to rest!!  There are also some relatives buried in this beautiful cemetery.
I love Edgar Allan Poe and visiting his grave is on my bucket list.
My favourite grave is Michael Collins in Glasnevin cemetery Dublin Ireland 🇮🇪
I live roughly a block away from Poe’s grave. You’re a brave man walking through that area.
Absolutely love this channel and videos. Wish I could visit each and every one of them. Keep up the great work.✌🏾
My childhood friend Ed Wood had the same birthday as Poe. Both had talent & sad turbulent lives.
I sincerely respect the reverence and sensitivity you bring to your channel. It could SO easily be camp or sensationalistic, but you make it informative and often moving.   By coincidence, I had brief encounters with some of your posthumous heroes:  I was 10 when I met Walt Disney when he was the parade marshall at the Calgary Stampede.  and had a chance encounter with Michael Jackson in a small store in Beverly Hills (he was like a trapped animal when he saw me recognize him - but I just smiled and nodded to let him know he would not be bothered by me).   A friend of mine was a guest on the Tonight Show - I hung out in the green room with him and met the legendary George Burns! The tiny old guy was still full of life and humour. He finished his cigar before going no; I considered keeping his cigar butt - but thought it was too creepy!  Now I wish that I did!   I wrote a documentary segment that involved meeting David Conover, the photographer who discovered Marilyn Monroe in a munitions plant (and had a brief affair with her). I think every man who ever met that poor soul claimed to have slept with her, but he had unpublished personal photos of their romance.  They remained friends until her untimely death. He spoke with her not long before she died and sensed she was anything but suicidal. He believed she was murdered.  On a side note (maybe you have done a video on this already), I visited the Momontre cemetery in Paris - I was impressed with the stark simplicity of Degas' crypt - and with the lifelike sculpture of the barefoot Dumas (Three Musketeers, etc...) that decorated his tomb.
Definitely an awesome birthday present from Mr. Arthur Dark! I’ve been waiting for a new video and finally got one, thanks so much for this one I really enjoyed watching😊
I absolutely love this channel. You really should sell the idea to TV channels. I just know it would be a hit as the amount of followers you have shows. What an amazing man you & unlike many that are doing this no one has the polish & info you have. Well done & thank you I love ur videos
Dudley Moore for me.
Arthur, I wonder if you pay tributes on the site Find a Grave.  Many celebrities are located there in name.
Still can't believe Mike is gone
I love your old video of you as a child
Video 101 thank you for all your time you put into these video. Much appreciated 🙏🏼👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙏🏼
I have never personally visited any famous grave site so I have no favorites in that regard.  Whenever I walk the grounds of any cemetery, I see all the markers and want to know everybody's story. Your silent film series was great because, through narrative and film clip, you told the stories of long obscured people I've never heard of, and for a brief moment they were each brought back to life.  So any ten of those would be my favorite.
Yes!!!  Finally another episode.
I have visited some famous actors and politicians in Sweden where i live. For example our former prime minister who was shoot dead in 1986 (Olof Palme). At the same graveyard it also lies a young girl burried. She died in a terrorist attack in 2017. But in the grave next to her lies one of the most famous Swedish comedian of all time (Thor Modéen) so you could say she is in good company.  I liked your video and i must say that you where really cute when you where young holding your Donald Duck (called "Kalle Anka" in Swedish). Great work 😀 / Robert
A personal favorite gravesite is James Whitcomb Riley. "And the goblins gonna get ya, if ya don't watch out!"
U r so good. To see Cary grant was amazing.
Incredible narration on this video. I really felt emotional when you visited Marylin and Audrey. Two of my all time faves that I truly wish were still around 😩   Great job on this. The music, camera angles and soft spoken narrative are very moving.
I love that you went back to Audrey Hepburn's grave a second time to get it in the sunshine.
A fantastic collection and beautifully told! My favourite famous grave would have to be Peter Falk’s in the beautiful Westwood Cemetery which I visited very jetlagged while on layover in LA. RIP Columbo “one more thing….” 😢
I just come here to listen to him talk 🥰
This is great! I've been saying that more Hollywood passing away people are needed for your stellar you tube posts Mr. Dark.
I always look forward to seeing new content from you, and you never disappoint. Thank you sir.
If you ever visit New Orleans, Louisiana, there are a ton of cemeteries and tours you can take. But I HIGHLY recommend visiting Holt Cemetery. It's a very humbling experience. It's out of the way and the entrance is hidden by a college parking lot, but If you find it, you will experience many graves with odd markers, such as a mailbox, handmade graves, and some with none at all. Also visit some famous jazz musicians, who's graves have been lost to the cemetery grounds.
Arthur, your presentations and music are nothing short of sophistication and class!   Your signature style of sunglasses,beard and hat add to the intrigue.  However, I think you should color the gray in your Arthur dark beard (no pun intended.)
Next Time You Visit England You Should Check Out WWE Hall Of Famer The British Bulldog (Davey Boy Smith)
I am on a quest to visit as many Supreme Court Justice graves as possible. Any time I travel within the US I check to see if there are any nearby. I've seen a lot, but I have many to go!
Farrah Fawcett Passed away on the same day as Michael Jackson
So grateful for your time to put this together I watch it daily, everyone is enjoying this keep up this it's so inspiring so entertaining your amazing loving heart
Ohh my your so cute Arthur what a sweetheart , my favorite cartoon would be casper the friendly ghost 👻
The most famous grave that I have visited was Anna Nicole Smith in the Bahamas, it was a great sight to see
SINCE I JOINED THIS WONDERFUL CHANNEL IT DOESNT MATTER , YOU SURE DO A GREAT RESPECTFUL VEIW WITH US ALL , I LOVE THEM ALL , AND I LOVE THE CEMETARIES OUT WEST , MOST BEAUTIFUL IN CALIFORNIA,  ARTHUR U SURELY ARE THE BEST ESPECIALLY WITH ALL UR TRIVIA TIBBITS , THK YOU FOR MANY YEARS AND MORE TO COME 🙏❤️🕊
The world was truly robbed when marilyn was taken from us,I wasn't born till 68 but I fell in love with marilyn her acting her beauty her fashion her vulnerability,taken so young when her career was just beginning,and so very much misunderstood
One of the very best on YouTube ❤️an Englishman
Great Admirer of your work especially the Twilight Zone episode,I had to order the entire five seasons on dvd.Any special ones from you to look out for??
I visited my great great great grandparents.....who came to the US in late 1790s
If you could visit Elizabeth Russell (Wanamaker)'s grave that would be amazing. Buried in CA she was in the Cat People movies, started with Bela Lugosi but wasn't happy with Hollyeoid BS and catty back stage behaviors and left to marry a Wanamaker...makes sense as before her modeling career she was born in the Philadelphia area.  And coincidentally she's my profile pix!!!
I have a few (as I have several to still visit). When I first visited Brittany Murphy's grave, it was the day after her birthday in 2019. I don't know what came over me, but I burst into tears. It doesn't happen to me, and hasn't happened on any other grave visit. My others would be the first time I visited the graves of Bruce and Brandon Lee (was in 1997). Others were the graves of Judy Garland, Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds. The first time I visited the graves of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds, I was "shooed" away by a tiny security guard. There are several more.. I have others I would love to visit - like Jim Morrisons grave, George Michael's and Pete Burns'.. Many of the current grave visits I have completed, have been with help from your videos. So thanks!
One of my favourite graves to visit (I am in the UK) is that of Winston Churchill. When we were in Washington DC I tracked down as many astronauts as I could, Pete Conrad, Gus Grissom, Roger Chaffee and the Columbia/Challenger memorials. I missed a few and more are there now so need to re-visit. Love your channel, thanks for visiting the LA cemeteries and for John Ritter and John Candy especially.
Mine was Donald Duck too
Great choice Mr Dark, some beautiful resting places to be seen here, thank you.🎬🎭🏛
As a Cemetery seeker myself Wyatt Earp, John Wayne and Officer JDTippett come to mind just to name a few. Truly enjoy these videos and love paying my respects to those who shaped our lives.
HAS IT BEEN 6 YEARS? WOW!! I have loved every second of them then and now! Thank you for all of the years of entertainment and educational information on so many gifted individuals!! You have encouraged me to read up on Edgar Allen Poe. I have to say my favorite gravesite is my father's with his handsome picture still intact on his tombstone.
This was a great video, but I do have to correct one error in your narration about Charlie Chaplin.  His first appearance as the tramp actually came in a short 1914 film called Kid Auto Races at Venice.  It was his second film at Keystone studios.
Hi Arthur brilliant vid enjoyed it. Happy new year too matey all the best.
You are the BEST. Love this programming. You have taken us places we would never see in a lifetime. So thank you very much
9:50 Mine too!
The most famous grave I ever visited was the final resting place of Eva "Evita" Perón at Recoleta cemetary in Buenos Aires, Argentina. I was there on a trip from Argentina to Antarctica and back just as covid was starting to grip the world in February 2020. I'm glad I took the time to go, the cemetary itself is a masterpiece of mausoleums, dating back nearly 300 years.
Thank you Arthur
So many greats!
Charlie Chaplin lived in Kennington just of  brook drive se11.I still live in this area and recently the Charlie Chaplin pub was knocked down at the elephant and castle.They are rejuvenating the area a placing a new pub in Charlie Chaplin honour
Jim Morrison Pere Laschaise in Paris. I used to go there when I was a kid.
My personal favorite(s) is my Grandfather, Raymond, who is buried at Calverton National Cemetery in Wading River, New York. He was a Korean War Veteran, served in the US Navy, and worked as a butcher for 42 years for A&P. He is always with me, for I have a tattoo of "Grandpappy" with a cross and an American flag. My second is at the same place for my Great Uncle, John, a World War II veteran, who fought Rommell in North Africa and was taken prisoner and remained in Germany for 3 years as a POW. One of the stories he told me when his platoon heard that FDR had past away over the radio, a German SS guard came up to his group and said in a high German voice "Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Great Leader." Thank You to all of our Veterans past and present.
Charles brownlow  is mine
Thanks Arthur i'm a great fan of your series cheers bob.⚰🪦⚱💐🌹😥
Have you visited William Powell or Myrna Loy?
Love your channel
You are right, to many interesting people and graves to show them all. Thank you for sharing your caring and talented self in your videos.
Do you have one for Ronnie James Dio??
Something tells me that Arthur probably has listen to Rick Dee's Disco Duck as a kid growing up https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxf2KCSyvgQ
I would have to say the most important singular grave I have visited was Audie Murphy in Arlington National Cemetery. A true WW2 American hero.
Another wonderful video Mr. Dark!!! You have brightend up my day as I love all the places you visit. There is no way I could ever possibly visit all the graves that I would feel honored to visit in person in order to pay my respects to so many that have brought happiness and joy into my life whether it be through writing, acting, directing, music, or any other of the multitudes of professions that those featured were engaged.  Between you and your faithful fans who visit these places to provide content for your channel I am thankful and grateful to you all for allowing me to visit these places vicariously.   Thank you to one and all!!
You pretty much covered them all, but Lucille Ball.
Loved this video!  Since I am a cartoon lover too. My top graves are Walt, Mel and Charles Schultz  "Snoopy" Heros are Ruth Ginsburg, Dorothy Kilgallen, Princess Diana, Marilyn, Robin Williams, Rod Serling, Fred Gwynne and  Sam Cooke. My husband can do Donalds voice and would make my daughter laugh when she was small.
One day someone will visit Arthur darks memorial and talk about him. However I hope it's many many years before that happens
Michael Jackson’s grave is on my bucket list
I’m so glad you keep the same music style opening themes and throughout the videos.  It is fitting and draws me to your videos.  Eerily elegant.   Thank you
❤what a cool vlog idea. thanks for taking us on a unique tour.❤
I visited the grave of Gary Cooper in Southampton NY one afternoon during a lunch break. One of my favorite actors.
Leonard Bernstein at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn. Also, Clark Family Mausoleum at Woodlawn in the Bronx.
edgar annan poe wrote the raven not far from my aunts house in west virginia
Lee Marvin.  He has always been my favorite actor; Paint Your Wagon and Cat Ballou still sit on my movie shelf.  Visited his grave in Arlington Cemetery when I found out he was there.  As a former licensed DC tour guide, I visited Arlington on nearly a daily basis with groups.   Discovering Lee there, I always made sure to take that path to the Tomb of the Unknown with my groups.
I dunno, my parents were cremated.
Really enjoyed this. Arthur, given the popularity of this channel, couldn’t you leverage that into a request to gain access to the area where MJ and others are interred? I mean, it would be cool, although I get it. They would probably say no regardless. One can hope.
I would have included Elvis
My favorite graves are my fathers and Billy the Kid grave, both killed by a gun.
Awesome as ever Arthur!!! You never disapoint us ever!
My two favorite graves are near each other at Hollywood Forever Cemetery. Chris Cornell, the lead singer of the grunge band Soundgarden, and punk band The Ramones' guitarist Johnny Ramone's grave.  I saw them play on the same day: August 2, 1996.          Johnny's ashes aren't buried there yet, as his wife Linda still has them, but when she passes, they both will be buried there.
I have learned a lot from your channel. The graves are so interesting, something that I would never know. The movie you made on Poe was done so well, not a dull moment. Thanks Arthur.
Fantastic Arthur!! Thank you..
My personal favorite is my son's grave overlooking the town of Jackson Hole and the Grand Teton. Your production in honor of Edgar Allan Poe was absolutely amazing! My favorite in Europe is  my friend Jimbo's grave in Paris.
Hello  your channle  is  amung the  very  best  i do like ur  channle !!!  GREAT  JOB   WASHINGTON  STATE
Really love this channel.      1-9-23
Its sad what Disney has become
My favorite famous grave was probably James Dean. In the middle of nowhere Indiana.  Unexpected find in a small cemetery.  Another notable grave, but not real famous for the occupants is the grave in the middle of the road.
I live up the street from Holy Rood Cemetery  in Westbury, NY. It boasts some  graves of note but two stand out above all others.  Iconic Fashion Designer, Oleg Cassini rests here. Besides his career fame, he was also famous for marrying film star,  Gene Tierney at the height of her renown and beauty.   The most famous resident in perpetuity  at Holy Rood has to be the most famous survivor of the most famous disaster in history. Margaret Tobin Brown rests with her husband under a humble tomb stone bearing names, dates of birth and passing; without referencing her ocean passage on the maiden voyage of Titanic. None the less, the final resting place of “The Unsinkable Molly Brown” remains my neighbor of note in my little neighborhood.
The one grave that's incredible, because it doesn't exist is that of  Veronica Lake. What a tragic story. Ashes winding up in a Catskills antique shop, because no one claimed them (I think). So sad.
6:59 - my favorite track of all on this channel❤️ It's so perfect and mesmerizing🥰 What a wonderful glimpse into the mind of the man behind Hollywood Graveyard❤️ Such a fan💯🥰
I really enjoy these videos. Thank you very much. If I made it to the west coast, the first grave I would visit would be Dean Martin and also Jack Benny. I've visited Chris Farley and Shannon Hoons resting place and several in Nashville. Thanks again
This is all so lovely. Thank you.
i only started watching you 2 years or so ago but you put out amazing content, ive watched every video you have done and your Poe film was absolutely brilliant
Always a nice surprise when you post a new video. Thank you so much for sharing it with us. I had my brother from Europe here last year and I showed him one of your video's and that started into watching all of your posted video's, now he's a follower also.
Your so cute
❤ Andrey Hepburn ❤ Audrey Hepburn ❤
My favorite would be of Carrie Fisher’s. Being a huge Star Wars fan, I sought out her spot, especially after stumbling upon your channel. My visit to LA in 2021 included many cemeteries.
Mine is the same, dad. Famously I love Viven Leigh, Edgar Allen Poe, George Michael. Breathe taking is John F. Kennedy, FDR
Your voice is so peaceful and perfect for this .
If you would have panned left at Marilyn Monroe you would have found a person that every man wanted to be , lol
It's always a treat when you post a video.  You really do your homework on these.  Didn't really know anything about Edgar Allen Poe; that segment was very interesting.
Can't watch right now but I bet you I'll be back you are the stuff top 10 oh my!
I grew to appreciate Hollywood Graveyard.  Your work and research are very impressive and that you also feature stars from the silent era are interesting as many of them are forgotten today.  Thanks for all you do, much appreciated.
Like how you totally ignored Hugh Hefner next to Monroe LOL
Wonderful. Thank you
Great Tours... Never Stop Haunting Us.
Great video. Love the Audrey Hepburn Tribute.  My famous grave visits Abe Lincoln and Elvis Presley.  Continue the great videos. Thank you.
Brilliant Arthur, loved your narrative. You are such a talented film maker. My favourite grave is Peter Falk. Thank you looking forward to more as the year progresses.
I love this channel. Thank you so much. ❤
Haven't visited yet but would like to and that is the grave of Bon Scott, who was the lead singer of AC/DC and pls correct me if I am wrong is buried in Fremantle Cemetery.
Excellent video, as always!  Thank you!
Excellent. I've enjoyed each video you've created.
Poe has to be the top one for me.
Visit the Founders!  Washington’s grave blew my mind!!
I think for me the number one star that would get me is : Lucille Ball.. "I love Lucy " was part of my childhood since we didn't have cable... RIP
Awesome!  A new video!
another quality vlog
Thank you for share sir
with out a doubt its Elvis, he means so much to me and millions acrost the world. TCB⚡
Michael Jackson’s death was NOT surprising.
How did you get inside of the mausoleum that houses Mae West? It’s always locked up!
why don't you post more frequently or are you running out of material?
I was losing all faith….  But then Judy showed up next to the last.  It’s the one I want to visit most.
Off topic, but are you the voice of nifty on the calm app? My 5 year old loves nifty and listens every night.
No mention of another icon, Hugh Hefner, who’s right next to Marilyn Monroe?
Honestly i don't visit Graves anymore
9:34 we are facing my kids' great-grandparents. On their mom's side. RIP Mr. and Mrs. Burke. Your g-grandkids are pretty awesome.
Looks like Edgar Allan poe might have been demon possessed and died from a curse. Never know but that's seems to be what he was into.
My favorite grave: The incomparable Secretariat. There will never be another.
The only celebrity graves I’ve seen so far were Dwight D. Eisenhower, Wild Bill Hickok, and Calamity Jane. It was pretty cool to see Hickok and Jane’s graves back in 2017 but nowhere near as cool as seeing Eisenhower’s grave this year. Definitely one of our best presidents. JFK, Abe Lincoln, George Washington (and other presidents), RFK, and the Three Stooges are a few graves on my bucket list.
Arthur, I really enjoy your work and have found your videos to be fascinating over the years.  I will give you my top three graves, 3) Al Capone, 2) Johnny Cash and 1) Abraham Lincoln.  I enjoyed visiting all three.  I look forward to what you come out with next.  Best!
Cremation and then ocean are my burial wishes, it’s a fitting tribute to my private, low key, elusive lifestyle preference.
As a fellow animation lover, I love that Mel Blanc and Walt Disney are your top 2!
Thanks Arthur for another excellent episode. I frequently drive long distances for work and on XM Satellite radio there is a channel Radio Classics which airs radio programs from the George and Gracie era. Its a wonderful "theater of the mind" and has introduced me to lots of stars I may never have heard of, even though i'm 62. Just a wonderful episode today, pure class and professionalism. Thank you for sharing these!
Arthur, here's a question for you: what was the last time you went to Utah and Idaho for Famous graves say like Ernest Hemingway and the voice of Rabbit from Winnie the Pooh
Maybe one day you will do something on Hogan’s hero’s.
Hi Arthur! ALL your videos are meaningful to me. Each and every one is a history lesson! I have learned so much. Thank you and have a great wonderful 2023. Btw, as a little boy, you were so adorable! Thanks for sharing that with us. That in itself is very meaningful too
Again Arthur, another great one. My personal favourite I’ve seen on your channel, was Al Jolson! I grew up singing his songs on my fathers lap. He saw Al when he visited the troops at war. I also think his grave is stunning with the water cascading down.
Agree with all, but, not fussed about Michael Jackson. I used to live in Dorset and as a huge admirer of Lawrence of Arabia I made sure I visited his grave at Moreton cemetery as well a stopping at his home at Cloud's Hill, which I fell in love with.  I also lived near Stinsford where Thomas Hardy's heart and Cecil Day Lewis are buried and my stepfather in law has a plot set aside for himself.  As for Walt Disney, he is one of my biggest heroes as is Mel Blanc (si), I  also adore Jack Benny, his Christmas programme in the department store is my Christmas tradition, it has a very dark ending I think would not go down well today, but, I'm too old to be woke so I love it. As for Audrey Hepburn as you say beautiful on the inside and on the outside a gorgeous lady and a fabulous actress.  Her debut, I believe was in the Lavender Hill Mob and she was slated to do a movie called 'Brandy For the Parson' which starred one of my favourite actors, James Donald, but, she was offered 'Roman Holiday' While the actress who took her place is good, Audrey would have elevated it.
Love watching your videos, I’ve always loved walking around graveyards, to the disgust of my family and friends, but I find them interesting, I’ve been watching you since 2020 first lockdown, keep up the great work xx
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I loved the Poe special, it was superb. Audrey Hepburn was so beautiful, kind and gentle. I adored her. Gone too soon!
Love this channel. You are so respectful
Great to see you again Mr. dark I remember seeing Rudolph Valentino‘s grave Douglas Fairbanks and Tyrone power about his grave it was funny I was sitting on a bench and I said to my friend do you see Tyrone powers he goes yes where I said you’re sitting on it I thought it was just a bench but I love your videos they’re always very entertaining and well done good job Mr. dark
A great Top 10 supported by Honorable Mentions we all knew.  Nice seeing Clark Gable as he was from my home town.
🇧🇷🙌🏻
Everything you said was so beautiful!
Hello Mr Dark, once again very well done. A question and a suggestion. Question: Have you ever done a Johnny Carson project? I think it would be fantastic. Suggestion for Memorial Day. Go to Cabrillo National Park Cemetery in San Diego. So many heroes there to recognize. Thanks for all you do.
Come to Kansas, I would love to take you to some.
Al Jolson.
It always gets to me when a famous person tries (and fails) to see how much drugs they can  put into their bodies before they make their own heart stop. It's called accidental overdose when it's actually stupidity. To live to a ripe old age seems to be out of fashion for Hollywood.
I’m planning a trip to San Francisco where I will be visiting many famous graves. Thanks Arthur for your videos! They are a great help.
We Baltimoreans are quite proud of our connection to E.A. Poe.
My favorite cartoon as a little girl bugs bunny 🐰.
Very cool, Mr. Dark! I’ve been following pretty much since you started, and your content is ALWAYS consistent, respectful, and interesting!♥️ Will never be taken off my subscribed list. Edgar would be amazed and gratified to see his burial. Maybe make up for his sad life, just a little?
Michael Jackson is a singer I would have loved to see in concert. Part of me will always be disappointed I never got the chance to.
I think i like Poe's original marker better. I'm glad they kept it visible.
Never been to a specific grave, not even loved ones.. I need to do better.
That moment of him seating in front of Charlie Chaplin's grave touched me.
Thankyou for such a lovely tribute to Audrey Hepburn. She was such a kind, elegant, classy and stunningly beautiful woman. 😔
I would still like to know how you are able to access restricted gravesites, such as Michael Jackson and the locked gardens.
Un saludo desde España
This show crossed my mind this morning. Glad to see it. I hope you are having a glorious New Year!
This was awesome, like always.  Thank you so much.
Thank you Arthur for this. All your video's are my favorites. I look forward to the next one. Peace and love......
Nicely done. Marilyn Monroe died of a drug overdose. Ab.so.lutely. Lets put it this way: She came to close to the light.
As a lover of classical music I made the pilgrimage to Little Malvern over 30 years ago to the grave of Edward Elgar, a composer of the late Victorian and Edwardian age. I live not far from the resting place of comic actor Arthur Lucan, aka Old Mother Riley, who was famous during the 1930s until the 1950s here in the UK. Nice to see you without your dark glasses!
Can you do a director series of hollywood graveyard thank you 😘😘😘
25:27  The most interesting thing about Poe’s writings is much of his work was written in Richmond, Virginia; where he spent most of his childhood and many years after that.   The city embodies the spirit of Poe as it is a place marred by tragedy; it scars the soil and the land. Whether it be the tragic theater fire of 1811, which claimed 72 lives, or the horrors of war on its doorsteps, the city has lived and breathed tragedy; where the heart scarred by sorrow is drawn towards like a moth to a flame.
If i had once in my life time i want to visit buddy holly and ritschie valens
You are certainly a class act Arthur, excellent taste, and who could argue with any of your selections.  A wonderful top 10.
I have a legal question, when a star such as Marilyn Monroe has to change her name because the studio highly suggests it, does this get done legally? I guess I'm curious as to who decides what name to put on their marker if it isn't legally changed.
My personal favorite grave of a famous person I’ve visited has to be the final resting place of Robert E. Lee.   He lies in a crypt in the sub-floor of Lee Capel, only a short walk away from where his office was during his time as the President of Washington College (now Washington and Lee University).   Robert E. Lee is a man I’ve looked up to throughout my life; as a virtuous man who maintained his moral composure and stoicism even during the horrors of the American Civil War. He spent the post-war years as an educator, striving to help rebuild the south from that terrible war by bringing prosperity to an education center in desperate need.   Above the crypt where he lies, a statue was carved of him - modeled after the old statuary of Medieval Europe - of him in repose; as if he was merely resting, asleep in a peaceful bliss. It’s is a thing that can tug at the heartstrings of even the cold and emotionless. It’s a work of perfection; if true art.
Marilyn monroe… she is my hero. She was a foster child like me. Tragic.
i have far too many i have been too.  from NY to Massachusetts and Tennessee
as always - outstanding, Arthur.  Thank you for your ongoing work with Hollywood Graveyard and the specials you also create!
One of my favorites is composer Leonard Bernstein who’s buried at Greenwood Cemetery in NYC. It’s near a beautiful view of Lower Manhattan. I usually visit Greenwood once a year because it’s so lovely and it’s something even the locals don’t regularly visit.
6 Years….wow
I had the privilege of visiting The Edgar Allan Poe museum in Richmond, VA. He also invented “copy & paste”. Man is a genius. 😊
Behind a church in New Haven, CT is a fenced-in grave of John Dixwell who was among the signers of the death warrant of King Charles I. When Charles II came into power, Dixwell and two other signers (William Goffe and Edward Whalley) fled and sailed to America. There are many stories about their lives in Massachusetts and Connecticut. John Dixwell's grave always moves me when I visit.
If this were a tire, it would be a retread
You have got to do a countdown of your favorite famous graves from the viewers specials!!!!!!! Quoth the raven, “Nevermore (in a Bart Simpson tone.” 1:11
Love your show. My favorite of all time? Jules Verne
Thank you Authur …you did it again…another masterpiece. I can see why they would be in your top 10
Mel Blanc was a perfect choice 👌
Norma Jeane got to meet Norma Jeane ... I was so humbled when I went to see her ... and so in aweee for all that are buried there... another one that i was in big massive awe was Michael Jackson ... my eye <<<< is his eye with the earth inside it... I am a huge fan that when I got off the plane one of my MJ buddies picked me up and we went straight to the cemetery where 30 of my Mj family met me... it was so hard the biggest loss to us all... when you see the flowers and all the pictures and decorations it is from us all... still til this day we don't miss a holiday or a rememberance... I to was surprised too how small Disney's grave was but so fitting...when you showed Audrey Hepburn's resting place I was so in shocked how simple and tucked away  it was...Richard Burton's grave shocked me ... like you said you would think that how big of stars they were they would have something more grand... those were my favorite ones... I am so glad that I found your channel ..I love your stories and that you remind us who have left us... thank you can't wait to see what is next...
I'm also a big fan of people who were involved in early animation and film.   One of my all time favorite creators has always been Charles Schulz of Peanuts fame.   The character he brought to life, such as Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Lucy, and Linus brings back sooo many childhood memories for me.   I always wanted some type of Peanuts toy for Christmas and I collected many of the small pocket books from Fawcett who had the Peanuts strips in them from the newspaper.    I remember my dad once asked me when I was a child if I could meet any person or celebrity who would it be and I immediately said Charles Schulz.   Thanks for making these videos Arthur to show us graveyards don't have to be remembered as dark or scary, but places of beauty and to remind us of the people who lived and influenced us.   Of all the Arthur Darks in the world, you're the Arthur Darkiest!
I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. I appreciate the work you put into this channel, especially the captions. It’s obvious you don’t rely on the auto-captions to tell your story. I can only imagine how time-consuming this task must be.
Your homage to Audrey Hepburn was so personal and touching. Thank you for the time, talent and sensitivity you and your associates put into these fascinating productions.  The people in the graves continue to speak though your efforts.
I always look forward to your presentations.
I could exhaust every superlative to describe the genius of Arthur Dark. At the end of the day, it is his good taste, warmth, and appreciation of the subject's talent and contribution to the world regardless of ethnicity or orientation which makes him a national treasure. We are all blessed to enjoy Arthur's work. I know 2023 will bring us his best work yet.
First, thank you for pronouncing my home town of  New York correctly. Been a subscriber long enough to have correctly predicted that Mel Blanc & Michael Jackson would be on the list.  Also, I just watched a British series on Netflix, “Treason”, which stars Oona Chaplin, Charlie Chaplin’s great-granddaughter.
You are undeniably a class act. You can always be counted on to serve up respect, dignity and humor on your visits. Keep up the good work.
You chose some very awesome monuments for your top 10. I am very surprised you got to go in to see where MJ is at, for that is an extreme rarity. They must really like you! I would have to choose that one as a top 10 as well. Lovely choices, every one!
My fav toon character is Bugs Bunny. Thank you for this, Arthur
I have a lot of the same favorites. I am originally from Philadelphia, and I am going to visit Tammi Terrell. Her story touched me. The only famous grave I have visited is Benjamin Franklin. That was surreal.
I had a friend of a friend who was employed for a few years at Westwood Park as a groundskeeper. He says one of his more amusing duties was keeping Marylin's grave clean, as people would often leave red lipstick kisses on it. edit: oh haha! You can see some at 8:05!
Loved the video. Think you will do a favs of the viewers specials? Maybe a top 20 like caseey cassem style? Haha.
I really enjoy your content. I like learning about the monuments that are outside of cemeteries. The ones that'll be on a city sidewalk with a statue of some sort. It's fascinating to know the history outside of a text book.
Gershwin  was minec
I'm surprised that so many rap artists, such as Juice Wrld are empracing personal mausoleums.  Some of them are really ornate.
My top favorites are: 1Mel Blanc 2Walt Disney 3Judy Garland 4Lucille Ball 5John Wayne 6George Burns 7Gracie Allen 8Bob Hope 9Katherine Hepburn 10Marilyn Monroe 11Jane Russell 12Phyliss Diller
I wonder if he's ever thought of doing like a trivia game show since his page has been around a good while and has plenty of material to do so.
😇💖🙏😎👍
tears falling down after i saw the King of Pop Michael Jackson's tomb and also Charlie Chaplin's final resting place 😢 😢 😢 also in Audrey Hepburn 😢
It doesnt matter who you visit! They are all my favorites! The respect and life's lost generations are brought back to life with you and your teams historical productions! You bring back memories of my childhood sitting with popcorn with my grandparents remembering the begining of my exposure to the true classics! They are gone now but never forgotten names! Well done!!!
I like John Waynes grave.  He was the Tom Cruise of his day- the biggest A-list celebrity of that time.  His grave is small and extremely humble, mixed in with the common man and without a private garden, alcove, statue,  or mausoleum.
Very informative video....superb job!!! My favorites of your group were Michael Jackson,  Audrey Hepburn and Edgar Allen Poe was mystical and haunting too.💜
Awesome video!!!!!
Your respect and reverence for those you visit are part of what makes your videos a must-see for me. Thank you, sir, for all that you do.
Hello Arthur I love your channel because you do such tasteful and respectful videos and they're not cheesy or over the top either.. and I'm with you Donald Duck is the best..I always thought mickey was kind of dull..I remember when you were in Pennsylvania and featured my cousin Linda Darnell's grave and that was so nice of you to say hi and remember her my mom really liked it since we're in Tx and can't get there to pay respects so it's nice to see others remember her and still enjoy her work or at best are nice guys like you doing what your doing..
Apologies on that link. The cemetery notre dame des neiges is what I was trying to link to
Wow I haven't seen the graves you have but one of my favourite is Bon Scott's grave or monument at Perth Cemetery in  Western Australia my second is Sir Henry Mawson at Brighton Cemetery south Australia
That was excellent!
If you’re ever in Paris, are looking for the grave of Jim Morrison, and aren’t quite finding it:  listen for the boomers and let their voices guide your way.
I like the nostalgic and relaxing music you have for your videos. Yu had quite a list. I would have to take some time to figure out what my list would consist of. I will be looking back to viewers' submissions today because I want to see who is close by to where I live (here in Maryland) so I can do my own visits. Your videos show that no one is exempt from death and that you don't always get laid to rest in the grandeur you might have seen in any given person when they lived. Its one thing we all are certain to experience. These videos allow for a certain thought process into how one would want to be remembered once they pass on so we are never forgotten.
I love the Halloween special episode from a couple of years ago. I’m a horror fan so seeing the graves of some of my favorite horror actors and actresses was a treat! 🖤
🥀 More videos from #HollywoodGraveyards ! Greetings from Italy - Venice 🇮🇹🙋‍♀️ I remember when I started to watch this vlog, I was at home from work, sick on bed, with a big cold , all the day I watched your videos, so respectful, relaxing and so interesting about history.  I’ve think of you Arthur, yesterday afternoon, when i saw the new movie🎬 of Christian Bale on Netflix, The pale blue eye, about Edgar Allan Poe..⚰️🥀🕯
My favourite "famous" grave is of Karel Absolon in Brno´s central cemetery in Czech Republic.  Absolon was a Czech archaeologist, geographer, paleontologist, and speleologist. He is most known for his discoveries in Dolní Věstonice in south Moravia, most famously discovery of Venus figurine and his work in Moravian karst.   His grave is literal cave :)   https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karel_Absolon#/media/Soubor:Karel_Absolon_hrob.jpg
Your enthusiasm is so contagious and inspiring, Arthur. I couldn't stop smiling seeing you visit the grave of Edgar Allan Poe. Thank you so much for all your wonderful work, yours is one of my favorite channels on YouTube due to the love and creativity you put in every video
Your Donald Duck video 🥰
Visiting my 20th great grandad Geoffrey chaucer
Thanks!
Nothing as satisfying and comforting as a Hollywood Graveyard film/video. Giuseppe is a jewel of a talent. What a team....😻
I would love to visit Poe’s gravesite. He’s my favorite author.
Excellent look at your top 10, Arthur and team!  Thank you!
My favorite grave site has to be JFK at Arlington National Cemetery. That to me was very moving.
Thank you for the last 6 years, I've  thoroughly enjoyed every minute of all the journeys with you and those of all your contributors around the world.
In my world, there is SCUBA diving and music, then there’s everything else.  The celebrity death that sadden me, and profoundly affected me the most,was the death of Ronnie James Dio.  Being able to see his grave at Forest Lawn in Los Angeles meant a lot to me, and I stayed there for the longest time  thinking about the monstrous impact and influence Ronnie had on hard rock and heavy metal.
Your Poe special was such a wonderful trip. Delightful.
Have you ever visited Pete Burns' (Dead Or Alive) final resting place, in London ? My dream is flying there, love him ♥️
My favorites that were visited so far: Karen Carpenter, Cass Elliot, Mamonas Assassinas, Burns and Allen, Jack Benny, Jack Lemmon, Rod Serling, Groucho Marx and (sadly) the temporary resting place of Edward Gwenn and the lack of a memorial for David Seville.  My favorite story about Mel Blanc: how he got the job of "voicing" Benny's ancient Maxwell automobile on his radio program.
YOU DO AN AWESOME JOB ON THIS WEBSITE I NOW KNOW SO MUCH ABOUT PEOPLE WHO ARE BURIED CAN I JUST AS A QUESTION HOW MANY STARS HAD A CREMATION COMPARED TO BURIAL, SORRY TO BE A PAIN :)
You have a really neat voice.
I knew it would be Poe! That video is in my favorite!
Listen as I drive to work at 6:30am, roads are quiet and dark, peaceful trip before the work day ✨️
Peacocks can get stuffed horrible things run away
That was really good.  Enjoyed it.  Thank you!
My favorite grave has always been Robert Kennedy. I was at Arlington going by President Kennedy grave and saw a lone cross and went to look at it. I had forgot they buried  Bobby there next to his brother. Summer of 68 sucked badly. The only good thing about 1968 was the Christmas Apollo 8 circling the Moon. Thank you John. And Bobby.
The crack about "I wanted to be a doctor but became the biggest quack in the world"  made me laugh. Like many others I enjoy this well produced, well researched and respectful channel. It is neither mawkish or nor ghoulish.  On a lighter note, am I the only one who finds Arthur's voice shall I say ....very appealing
Hollywood Graveyard as a title to your series has long lost its relevance especially in the succeeding episodes. How about a new series? Thanks my love.
Dear Arthur, could it be that you may be running out of ideas to present in this platform? You may invite contributors for possible angles on these topics. Not to offend, because i am a big fan of yours. Thanks. 😊
Happy New Year Arthur, I'm so glad to be greeted by your latest gem. Now I'm probably going back in your past offerings to revisit some of your work.!! Thank you so much for your work.
Arthur, I have a dying question for you: Have you ever been asked or considered to be a guest at one of the several expos or conventions that are held each year in Los Angeles -- particularly one that surround the Halloween theme like Monsterpalooza or similar ones? I've been wondering if you would ever set up a booth so your fans could meet you. I know we'd all enjoy a chance at getting few pics and autographs!
tnx. Mr. Dark.
Hi Sir Arthur find the graveyard Adam Rich Former Child Actor #Idol Hollywood Graveyard
well done 😊
We're coming back out to Hollywood in March 2023 to visit Westwood Village and see the grave of Angela Lansbury.   I haven't found any information where her exact gravesite is in Westwood as of yet though.   Do you have any idea where she rests in Westwood?
Thank you for another great episode
Very well done. Edgar Allen Poes headstone at night with the candles, period clothing was beautiful and genius. 😊❤
My memory is going to my dads funeral and realising that his husk is empty. When I looked at his dead body and the spots where his blood had pooled I realised that his body is nothing but a rotten corpse. It’s not my dad anymore. Let the dead bury the dead and concentrate on your eternal home rather than your earthy one
Awww, you were cute ! Still are !
Hello happy new year to you
I love your videos and more so I Love your voice. It’s calming and soothing ❤
Bravo. Great choices.
I love your work. Sadly, my Beloved Maternal grandparents; don't have a grave or headstone. They were cremated together at Pitsea Crematorium,  Basildon Essex UK. Both lost to The Second Wave of Delta Variant of Coronavirus. Grandfather Leslie John Robertson (20/09/1928 - 21/01/2021) and Grandma Irene Elsie Robertson (née Grey 10/11/1926 - 28/01/2021). Separated by only a week in death. But Reunited again for all Eternity. Rest in Peace Leslie and Irene I love you xxx
So nice too see another fantastic video thank you
No Laurel and Hardy?🫤
This was so intriguing. It kept me wanting more
I actually had the opportunity to see Charles Lindbergh's grave in Maui. He really didn't want people disturbing him as he was tucked away on the far side of the island, in a place few people would look. But it was worth it, especially because I posed with the menu of the restaurant I was working with at the time.
Thank you  Arthur for always providing great content; and this segment is no exception.
I love how respectful you are to every memorial you visit ❤one day I’ll visit some of these amazing people
I really enjoyed this since I'm not able to visit all these famous graves...gone but not forgotten.
The favourite famous grave I have visited is Oscar Wilde in Paris that I visited on the cemetery of his death, I also very much enjoyed visiting the famous ‘Kiss of Death’ grave in Barcelona, my favourite grave in the UK belongs to Ninon Michaelis in Kensal Green Cemetery, London, not a famous person but a beautiful grave. Poe’s grave would be top of my list if I ever travelled across the pond! Thanks for sharing your top ten, it must have been really hard to narrow it down to 10 choices but I felt and recognised your excitement and enthusiasm for these wonderful tombs and their occupants.
I'm glad this popped up but was at work so to watch a few hrs later. I enjoyed it all especially Audrey Hepburn.  I loved her dancing. So graceful. Thank you again
This is amazing channel!
Very nice music
My favourite grave, one I was lucky enough to visit, is that of Jim Morrison in Pere Le Chaise cemetery. He was, and remains, a huge creative influence in my life and the visit left me in floods of tears but smiling.
Rod Serling was amazing!  Interesting we have the same favorite episode, most people pick Shatner.
I honestly do not have a favorite grave to visit, per say. But there are a few historic cemeteries in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area where I live, that I love ❤️ to visit when I can. I wish you a great 2023 Arthur, take care.
I don't think I've been to a famous grave yet... but Hollywood Forever has been on my list for a while. I live in Orange County and LA scares me but I may be able to push myself to get over and see Buster Keaton's grave before I move away this year. I have a hat to leave him... custom made from a taller one. He went through so many...   And though I hadn't planned to go to Maryland, now that I know whose grave is there, I may have to.
I love the ones you picked for your favorites.. Then again.. I love all your videos.  Welcome back,  l missed seeing your videos
My favorite grave is Rosa May in Bodie, CA.  There's a great book on her story and the efforts to find her burial place and put in a headstone.  Fascinating.
I swear, just as your tribute was ending, all I thought about was Poe. Alas, as always, you never disappoint.
Wow Michael died 14 years ago 🥺I remember it like it was yesterday I was 7 almost 8 years old when he died
My favorites that I've been to see are James Dean and Abraham Lincoln.  My bucket list grave is Charlie Watts
These are all great! If I may make a suggestion, Mr Dark. Have you considered doing one on Dark Shadows? I know you did one grave and also mentioned Joan Bennett while visiting her x husband. But she deserves more than a mention. Anyway, as I said...just a suggestion.
Aloha Arthur! I think we will all remember the day we heard Michael Jackson had passed away. As a kid, just the SOUND of Rod Serling's VOICE 😨 terrified me!!
My favourite grave you visited was Charlie Chaplin.
My favourite is Heath Ledger.  As an actor myself he was one who inspired me to begging my acting steps.   I also met him once as my mum and I entered a fast food joint in Fremantle and he opened the door for us as we entered.  He was always very kind.
Visiting Poe's grave would be really sweet!  He is one of my favorite authors. As far as my personal favorite graves, I like the cemetery where many of my family members are buried.  Someday, hopefully a very long time from now, my husband and I will join them at rest.
Ok, where is Arthur from? I thought he was a SoCal local boy!  My favorite Graves are  Well, the first isn't a grave, but where my mom wanted her ashes scattered at Huntington Beach Pier -Wyatt Earp and Josephine Marcus -H.P. Lovecraft  -Mercy Brown -Carolyn Jones I really want to see Poe's! That one is high on the list
Gracie and George saved you from a verbal lashing, my friend.
I love your videos Arthur, watching from Brazil ✌🏻🇧🇷
ONE ID LIKE TO VISIT IS  TERRY KATH  CHICAGOS 💙 ❤️ 💕 GREAT 🎸 GUITAREST BURIED. AT. FOREST LAWN. IN GLENDALE CA.
Michael Jackson's grave is one of my favourite graves. The way you told his story made me feel like I really witnessed his life and untimely tragic sorrowful death in front of my own eyes. I hope that someday, i can come visit his grave and pay my respects to the man i idolise since at the tender age of 15,and tell someone to leave some presents for him for me❤️
This Channel never disappoints!! Nice done and narrated it .  Our Beloved Marilyn Monroe  ❤️❤️💕💕MJ , Dame Mrs  Liz Taylor 💛🧡💙 Audrey Hepburn.   Natural & Beautiful like her ❤️🧡❤️ Thanks 👍👍
Grace and george burns he really loved her so
My favorite actress bette Davis is on my bucket list to see  ...
DEBBIIE REYNOLDS AND CARRIE FISHERS TOMB SO NICE THEY ARE ❤️ TOGETHER FOREVER
My favorite grave is not famous, however it had an impact on me. It was in Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis. The grave of Catherine Brewington Bennett who died at the age of 41 from arsenic poisoning. She put it on her face to keep her complexion pale.
I’m so glad to see you included the lovely Audrey Hepburn in your top ten. She was truly a gracious, remarkable woman.
What I find fascinating about gravesites is how they equalize all of us in the end.  No matter how famous or rich or powerful one may have been in life, once dead, they are available and waiting for anyone to come by ans visit.
I did a report in school with sound effects of Tell Tale Heart A+  love the video thank you for making it 😍😍🤩🤩
Is it true that Hollywood sign is haunted
As always, an amazingly great production. Couldn't agree more with your choices.  Over the years there has been one which was special to me and that was Burt Lancaster. Such a great man with possibly the tiniest marker for his ashes I've ever seen. Humility even in death... wonderful.
Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, James Monroe, Buffalo Bill, Bobby Fischer, Dexter Graves, Marshall Field, Leonard Volk, Stuart Allen Roosa, James Smithson, Benjamin Franklin and Al Capone would probably be my favorites.
What can I say-this was great. I can only imagine how much work you and your team puts into this channel. Thank you!
For me, it’s a deep “me too!” for Walt, George and Gracie. Walt is, to me, one of the tire great creative visionaries of our times. He just had an eerie sense about what would work and what the people would love. Most times, spot on. A few times, a bit early. But he just had that knack. Going to the the garden and viewing the simple wall niche, I’d always just be filled with gratitude and appreciation.  George and Gracie I actually knew from a long time love of classic radio and their love across decades of separation always moved me. When my now-ex and I were engaged, I made a point of taking her to see George and Gracie and trying to impress on her the meaning of love across time. She didn’t quite grasp it, but you always try, right?  But then, there’s the most sacred site for me. It’s where I go to cry tears over loss and find hope and inspiration for myself and for the future. My must go to place along with millions of others in Washington DC. On a hillside below Custis-Lee Mansion where legend says when admiring the view that he said “I could stay here forever.” Surrounded by his words, two brothers nearby, a daughter and son lost too soon, his wife at his side and crowned with an eternal flames sleeps John F. Kennedy.  Truth is… the words fail when I truly try to express the respect, the affection and deep love for a man who had already been gone thirteen years when I was born. And yet… it somehow stretches across time and distance. That all things are possible, that change makes the world better and closer and even when the loss comes, a life, a dream, a hope for a better world can live on.
Hi Arthur I have loved all your videos from the first one great work
Baby Arthur. 😂
I love this channel! I seen a new alert and was like.. YAY! Thank you and LOVED the twilight zone film!
I stood at the foot of the grave of General George S. Patton in a military cemetery outside of Luxembourg. It was surrounded by hundreds of white crosses on top the graves of Americans who were killed in the war. It was raining that day and the overall feeling was chilling. God Bless America.
Happy New Year from New Zealand Arthur! I hope eventually you will feature some of the recent celebrity graves, might be hard to visit Queen Elizabeths but still, would be great to see.
watching tis video is such a humbling experience i grew up with most of these people and feel part of there life ,i continually thank them for the joy and happiness they brought to me and the rest of the world , they must be remembered .i think of the song dont forget to remember me when im gone,as we all must .
My favorite gave of all time is the tomb of Pharaoh Tutankhamen !! What a mystery and what a beautiful simple tomb for a Pharaoh.  Mr Black I have a question . I have been told and researched that Michael Jackson’s mother had him taken from his tomb and had him cremated. The reason that was said that she wanted her son to have rest . No one knows what has happen to his ashes if this happen . This is true Mr Black ??
Wonderful memories Arthur hope your new year has been good be waiting for your next video 📹
Have you visited the grave of H.P. Lovecraft yet?
Arthur how do you get past the barriers. We went to Forest lawn and it seemed a very unfriendly place
Arthur you are the best.  Had it not been for your videos,  it would have been a lot harder to locate graves in LA during my visits there.  Hollywood Forever is a must see and my favorites there were Judy Garland and Rudolph Valentino.  Hillside Park is another where two of my favorite actors are, Leonard Jimmy and Michael Landon.  Your work with Edgar Allen Poe is outstanding, I am glad you got to fulfill your dream.  It is certainly well done and and a fantastic piece of film art, thank you!
Thank you so much. You do wonderful work and I enjoy it so much.
Just love these - thank you and please keep them coming
I visited Sal Mineo in Gate of Heaven Cemetary in NY many years ago. There is a small, simple stone set in the ground, quite dirty and the edges grown over with grass that day. I had no tools, but did my best with my hands, bottled water and tissues to clean it up. It made me quite sad after seeing the well-tended and visited graves of Babe Ruth and others at Gate of heaven and many others we visited at Ferncliff that day.
Thank you for your top 10 selection  I couldn't have chosen better myself, great  job,.....George Burnes and Gracie Allen were so good together you should watch their show.
Who would have thought that graves could spark such enormous interest. Love  it
My favorite grave to visit is my dad’s, along with his brothers and sisters at arms.
Great video
Where is Actress Maria Montes burried?
My favorite that I’ve been to is without question Jim Varney. Being from Kentucky and growing a huge fan of the Toy Story films (particularly the first one) I was stunned when I found out that the voice of Slinky Dog 1 was dead and 2 from the same state I was born raised and still live in to this day (never lived in another state). But when I found out he was buried in Lexington I made it a point to go visit him every time I go to Lexington for a UK basketball game since the graveyard is so close to Rupp Arena (and fitting the namesake is also buried at that same cemetery) so the last 2 times I went to Lexington I visited his grave the last time was in 2018 just 7 days after the 18th anniversary of his death with somebody having left flowers at his grave.
Growing up in the Bay Area my aunt live across the street from a mausoleum in Colma. My cousins and I would spend our summers riding bikes through the grave yards of Colma and to this day I still know where to find Levi Strauss and Joe Dimagio and remember the first time I stumbled on the grave of Wyatt Earp.
Thank you, Author!
Wow ! was surprised to hear that with all your knowledge you didn't know who Gracie Allen was. George was actually her "straight man" as Gracie did the jokes on their show in an almost "half witted" style. I totally agree that it's fun to see these resting places of stars that you may not know yet saw or heard their works. Thank You for that ! Just like the Clarence Nash headstone you show in todays video .. ! To see him and his wife as Donald and Daisy is touching .   You also have shown us MANY composers of TV and Movie scores that you may not know the composer but sure could sing along with their work !   Keep up the GREAT channel.. !
I’m hoping Marilyn’s true cause of death will be revealed & whose responsible
I have loved all of your specials. The Poe special and the Twilight Zone film are my favorites, so far.
I really enjoyed this video, I enjoyed all your video's. take care & God Bless.
awesomeeeeeeeee
Gracie Allen for President! 1940 campaign.
George Burns once had an brief extramarital affair. When Gracie found out George went out and got her a centerpiece, Gracie once told a friend on the phone that she wish George would cheat on her again ,because she  could use a new centerpiece.
Such a clean graveyard 😮
From Mel Blanc to Edgar Allan Poe--great favorites, Arthur! Btw, the falcon in my thumbnail was named Gracie, after Gracie Allen. Her mate was named George, of course. The first place I visited in Paris was Pere LaChaise cemetery, where I saw the graves of Jim Morrison, Colette,, Oscar Wilde and many others. I love visiting small graveyards in old towns. My high school boyfriend and I used to walk to school through a cemetery where my paternal grandparents are buried. My boyfriend was the local mortician's son. But I digress--looking forward to more fascinating HG videos in 2023!
Happy new year!! Another wonderful video you do an awesome job keep it up! Love you work on the wonderful actors and actresses that are gone 😞 Donald Duck is my favorite as well😊 And we are the same age I still have my plush from Hardees as well!
I was camping out in Medford, WI. It was an old WWW site during the 1930's. There was a small family cemetery next to the site, one day I was just hanging out in my tent when I thought I'd explore the cemetery and to my amazement there were family stories of different families just from their headstones, I was fascinated by the stores I was able to piece together, that it fill part of an afternoon. The only other time I toured a cemetery was on an architectal tour of Graceland in Chicago. It was incredible, the most fascinating was the grave of Pullman, he was so reviled of a person the his wife buried him covered in asphalt and railroad ties and a large platform so no body could possibly defile his grave. I enjoy your YouTube vids, thanks for everything you've done!!
We were on the back end of a roadtrip to Florida, ahead of schedule, so driving the back roads, and passed a cemetery in the outskirts of an unremarkable 'old Florida' town.  From the corner of my eye I saw a huge gravestone with a guitar on it, so I had to stop and see who was buried there...Bo Diddley.  A gravesite worthy of the "Pharoah of a Man" that he was.
It’s difficult to pick just one. I’ve done some grave hunting myself trekking across 6 different cemeteries ON FOOT I can’t pick one.  Hollywood forever, Westwood, Forest Lawn Hollywood hills and Glendale,Holy Cross and pacific view. And I still wish to cover more.
Among my favorite graves: Groucho and Chico Marx, because I am such a huge fan of them. In fact,  an editorial cartoonist I once worked with would visit Groucho and leave a cigar at his niche every time he visited. Another favorite of mine was Sam Cooke because he's in a private garden, but the day I went to Forest Lawn Glendale, the gate was open and I got to go where I wasn't supposed to. I live walking distance from Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers' sites. Ginger's easy to find, but I have walked through Oakwood several times and only found Fred once, and by accident at that.
After watching a good number of videos on this channel, I have decided to try and find the grave I came across many years ago which had a strange affect on me. Unfortunately it's been almost 30 odd years since I last seen it.
👍💯%💖💖💖👏👏👏👏. I have no problem with your favorites. I have add Shelly Winters and Elizabeth Taylor. Marilyn and Shelly was once roommates,  Shelly did help a lot of Actors and Actresses.  Elizabeth career started young. I loved and Admired her. Natalie woods. Ok some don't  have graves or a final resting place like. Vincent Price, Alfred Hitchcock. And many more. You did 2 of  my top.ones, Poe and of course  Rod Serling. I love Twlight Zone. I live for the Marathons. My New Year started off with SyFy doing a 3 day and night Twilight Zone Marathon.👍 for me it was like the Christmas Present I didn't  get.. Happy New Year. Mr Dark.🙂😉🖤🎆🌚. Love,respect and positivity always.  Neita james. ✌🖖🦋🌠❤🙂👋👀👣.
My favorite celebrity Grave is Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds also the Barrymore family at calvary cemetery were my grandma is laid to rest just outside of them and lou Castello
i’ve been watching Hollywood graveyard for a couple years now and I would have to say that my favorite famous gravesite would probably be Tom Landry because I am a huge Cowboys fan and there wouldn’t be cowboys football if it wasn’t for Tom Landry and we wouldn’t have the two Super Bowls in the 70s without him.
For me it is george and gracie! Love there story
You were an adorable kid Art.  XD
I actually became breathless at Elizabeth Taylor’s resting place. The statue was just so beautiful and immense.
GOOD JOB>>>I HOPE THAT LOS ANGELES DEMON PEOPLE DID NOT TURN YOU INTO A FAG OR TRANNY
I liked the choices that you made. You did a great job. I have to say that Walt Disney and Mel Blanc were my alll time favorites. I love watching your channel. You never dissapoint anyone. Keep up the great work. Love, Joan
I noticed another highlighted grave like Marilyns next to her on the left. Who's there ?
I loved Mel Blanc not only for the Looney Tunes but for his appearances on the Jack Benny show. He was hilarious!
Your work us done with the upmost professionalism! Always enjoyable and informative! Thank u for sharing 💓
Poe is an excellent and incredibly apt choice for your #1. I think his grave is also the only one on your list here that I’ve personally visited. I fell in love with his work when I was introduced to it in middle school by a teacher who absolutely loved Poe and was incredibly passionate about sharing that love with his students. Mr. Levi went all out with props, spooky candlelight, and wonderfully dramatic readings of Poe’s work. It was pretty awesome. I hope he realizes how impactful those classes were to his students.
Who knew that Dudley Dursley would grow up to be a delightful Poe in The Pale Blue Eye?
A wonderful compilation and of course your number one hardly came as a surprise having followed you all these years.
IT'S GREAT TO KNOW YOUR FAVORATE PEOPLE THAT HAVE GONE ,,.. GRACIE AND GEORGE,, MEL BLANC,, MARILYN MONROE ,, I LIKED DEAN MARTIN AND FARRRRA ..,, MICHAEL JACKSON IT WAS GOOD TO SEE IT'S LOCKED ALWAYS THANK'S FOR THE VIEW,,..ROD STERLING HE WAS GREAT,, I DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS A VETERAN ARMY ,,I WAS ALSO ,, THANK'S ROD FOR YOUR SERVICE..I LIKED JIM MORRISON,,PARIS..AND JUDY GARLIN...CLARK GABLE,. THANK''S SO MUCH GREAT VIDEO..
It doesn’t really matter who’s grave you’re visiting.  You do it with respect and point out the features that made them immortal.  Hands down, one of the greatest channels to date!!!
I'm sure you have heard that Jeff Cook from the group Alabama has died. He's buried in his hometown
For me, the famous graves that I've visited belong to various members of the infamous Earp family from the 1800's. From Morgan Earp, who was shot in the back in Tombstone in 1882 to the other graves in the Inland Empire in Southern California, James Earp, Adelia Earp Edwards, Allie Earp, Virgil's wife, Virginia Ann Cookery Earp, the mother of the infamous Earp brothers, Bessie Earp, James's wife. After doing research on the Earps, I sought out the gravesite that I could visit.
You had so many great choices Arthur. Marilyn, Audrey, every one of them. Loved your honorable mentions such as Rudy Valentino. An excellent video, but then again all of your videos are excellent! 🤗🎭⚰
My favorite was Frank Sinatra 🥃 he’s buried near my hometown of Palm Springs, CA
I haven't visited any famous graves yet... I mean i guess right now my favorite grave is my mother's. She's buried in a cemetery not too far from where I work. She was somewhat famous in my book. She was a cast member of Disneyland for 40 years she worked in custodial she was number six in the entire department and I've talked to plenty of cast members there who work in custodial not just ones who knew her there are some people that didn't even know or meet her and have heard of my mom. The day we had her funeral the church was filled! To know my mom left behind that legacy fills my heart with so much joy. I miss her so much. The few on the top of my list of famous graves is definitely Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds, Judy Garland, and probably Walt Disney
I read Edgar Allan Poe frequently,,but I have a favorite in each category, Author,,Edgar Allen Poe his writings are phenomenal.  Cartoons,,Mel Blanc,he did and still does make me laugh . Television, Gracie and George,they were a hoot. Singer,,Michael Jackson wow what a musical genius.  Actress,,Judy Garland she was beautiful,talented and a wonderful actress,her voice was angelic. Actor,,Clark Gable a rugged handsome talented man,I've seen every movie he's ever made.
Thank you Arthur Dark for the amazing video
Great video and I think that you should do more videos of your favorite celebrities! I liked the graves of Mel Blanc because the voices of Looney Tunes characters never gets old and I can still hear the voice of Porky Pig and the other ones in my head to this day. I also like Walt Disney because he created many of the movies and characters that I still love to watch.  Another favorite of mine is Charlie Chaplin because he was hilarious and his act never got old and it still hasn't. I have yet to watch some of his shows, but I like The Kid, The Dictator, and Gold Rush. Audrey Hepburn is another one that I like because I think that she was and still is beautiful. Audrey is also one of my friend's favorite actresses and likes many of her movies including My Fair Lady and Breakfast At Tiffany's. I also liked the fact that she was a UNICEF ambassador for many years.
Dude…while I love the idea of these, your “perfection” of voice and enunciation is annoying. You’ve also gotten Cocky as these have been posted. Just do the tours and forget all the extra junk.
I'm glad you included Michael Jackson. He's my favorite. Although, only his casket is in Holly Terrace according to his mother. His body was cremated
Thank you for sharing your video I love all you do can't wait till your next one 👍may they all rest in peace 🕊️
My visit to Arlington National Cemetery gave me the opportunity to visit a few graves on my bucket list.  Of course the Kennedy gravesite, JFK  and RFK.  The one I wanted to see most was Audie Murphy, fascinated to learn that they had to put down pavement beside his grave because it is visited so much they can't keep the grass growing.  Bonus, was accidentally finding Lee Marvin's grave on the way out.  Arlington was a high light of my Washington visit.
Great video
Walt Disney was cremated ? I heard that he had his head frozen so it could be transplanted on another body some day and come back to life !
Interesting fact about Gracie Allen’s birthdate on crypt. The crypt states 1902 but it was learned through census records she was born in 1895
My favorite is film actor Humphrey Bogart as it was my desire to visit his niche-site which originally kick-started me on the grave-seeking interest forty-four-and-a-half yrs back. I learned @ the time then he was interred in an area w/ no public access. However, that didn't perturb me, and I was spurred on. It took eight-and-a-half yrs but that goal was eventually accomplished.
I went to watch Marshall and Notre Dame play football in 2022 and visited the grave of Knute Rockne. I was surprised to find it subtle and low key from such a man of fame. RIP
Happy New Year Arthur and thank you for your wonderful content ❤
For a young guy, that's a fair list of celebrities. You won me over by your inclusion and research of George Burns and Gracie Allen. Your honorable mentions were also strong. I grew up watching many of these people and they still seem so familiar. In 1963 my mother and I stumbled onto the Academy Awards in Santa Monica. Society was different then and so was security. We just walked right up to the red carpet and watched Gregory Peck, John Wayne, Sophia Loren and Peter O'Toole walk by us about twenty feet away. Cheers.
Arthur!  Thank God you are back!  I was beginning to worry that something had happened to you!  As a matte of fact,  I was thinking about Hollywood Graveyard and yourself just the other day and LO!  You arrived on my computer screen with another wonderful episode!  My favorite Hollywood celebrity was Burt Lancaster. Hhandsome, rugged, and a great actor and my favorite movie of his was "Come Back Little Sheba."  Please keep these graveyard stories coming!  Don't be a stranger.  God bless!
George and Gracie, what a beautiful and talented couple they were 🕯
My Top Ten Graves (In no particular order):  Marilyn Monroe Mel Blanc  Curly Howard  Danny Kaye (I encountered his ghost there!) Washington Irving  Buddy Holly  Stan Laurel  Vince Edwards (Ben Casey) I encountered his ghost in the cemetery  Jackie Gleason  Elvis Presley
Hello handsome Arthur aka Arturo Scuro. I love your Hollywood Graveyard videos. They are more like recorded movie documentaries?? This just came to me.. Maybe you can pitch a class to a college. Your videos and their historical content and context would be great for a class. Just a thought. Big hugs handsome. ❤️❤️💋💋💋
Brilliant, thanks Arthur.  My favourite grave to visit is in the small Lockwood Cemetery in Lockwood Victoria Australia close to where I live. It is a sad and humble grave off by itself of Charles Baker and his three infant children. He was only 54 and died in 1891. I wonder what his story was and what happened to his wife.  Photo etc available on Find a Grave. Cheers 🦘🎶🦜
Foghorn Leghorn the best !
My favourite to visit is Hans Christian Andersens grave, here   in my town Copenhagen,  Denmark
I enjoyed the Poe special, he was a fantastic writer with a wild imagination.  To me he was also family, literally, he was a cousin to my ancestor.
I could listen to your voice all day long
AGAIN, I left around 1pm EST and didn’t get back home until 8:26pm.  Turned on my phone and saw your notification.    Great Top Ten episode.  I’m not sure what ten I would put on my list but I had to come up with ten on the spot that you have featured or I would like to see:  1-Marilyn Monroe 2-Michael Jackson 3-Frances Farmer 4-David White & His Son 5-John F Kennedy & Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis 6-Debbie Reynolds & Carrie Fisher 7-Brandon deWilde 8-Princess Diana 9-David Susskind  10-Roger Moore (he’s buried in Switzerland)  Honorable Mentions  Dorothy Kilgallen (Somebody did her wrong!)  Great job as always, Arthur!
Great job Arthur
Thanks for your hard work over the years. Your channel is easily in my top three all time favorites. I hope you have a great new year.
Oh God is a wonderful movie.
When I saw your Hollywood forever and westwood I went there with my mother who moved I la in 2003.. made a huge compact on my relationship with my mother more.. thank you arthur... and she's my only parent
My favorite that I went to see beforehand is the Grave of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery. I had goosebumps the few hours I was there, I want to go back someday. My favorite that I happened to see while I was wandering was Jimmie Monteith in Normandy American Cemetery. It was amazing to hear about his story and be able to pay my respects 75 years after he was killed in the D Day invasion.
As a Baltimore native I’m partial to Poe also. But I am more fascinated by the behind the scenes folks like Carl Stalling. I love old graveyards and the old stones and monuments and their untold stories.
The only gravesite that moved me to tears is in South Dakota, Wounded Knee. Thanks from St. Paul Minnesota.
My favorite grave is Rod Serling's. Very moving and emotional. Your video of your visit plus your Twilight Zone Special is also my favorite video.
I love that you went back to recapture Audrey in the sunshine 🥰❤️🥰
You are an excellent writer, and have definitely found your niche
My favorites are the Great Mausoleum, the grounds there, Hollywood Forever, and the one where Marilyn Monroe is buried.  In fact, ALL of your shows are fantastic!
My dad’s in NY and my favorite aunt in Puerto Rico. Such special people and graves so far apart.
Alot of the BIGGEST the when you say the name or hear the voice you can see the face and remember films 🎥 and their life that to some made us all laugh 😅 now they RIP till we all meet again at the movies 🎥
Yours is my all time favorite channel and my husband and I watch every episode over and over.
I am not into graves or cemeteries, but appreciate your videos (my wife is a big fan of yours). There is one marker I visit regularly, the Burts, who may have been owners of the land many years ago. It is now between an infill neighborhood and a wetland, I pause there when biking between a park and another favorite place of solitude and reflection. My parent's ashes are under a tree near the Pacific Crest Trail with views of multiple mountains in Washington state, no other marker.
so happy that i'm subscribed to this channel. It's educational, fun, and respectful. Keep up the great work Mr. Dark
I always wait for a new HG to come out..entertaining and informative..my favorite graves were of Stan Laurel & Shemp Howard..two of my faves but so many others exist, it's so hard making lists..I'll be waiting for the viewers contributions to open up in the future and add the ones I've found in my area where I live remarkably...Thank you Arthur .
Visiting the place were once Maria Callas' ashes were in Père-Lachaise in Paris, she is my favorite Opera singer! Also found out she passed 3 days before I was born!
My favorites are Bruce and Brandon lee. I haven’t been there yet but I really want to go. Also eric Carr’s grave in NY. I really want to go there too! If you can I would really love to see you go to NY and pay respects for The Fox
Thanks for excellent utubes.  Love and blessings
Thank you. All of this matters. It is truly a way of framing of who we are.
I remember Walt Disney introducing his "Wonderful World". He radiated kindness. It was never the same after he passed. R.I.P. Wonderful choices. Thank you.
My favorite grave that you have shown us Is Galileo's grave in Italy.  I also like the way you presented Marilyn's grave, it gave me chills.  Did you know it will be 60 years since she died?  And are my eyes deceiving me?  Excellent editing done there, those lipstick impressions looked like they came out of now where. And I was really touched by the Gracie and Allen segment.  Not too many people know true devotion like that.  He never remarried after she died.   It is a rare exception to all Hollywood marriages.
Arthur, I really like this episode of Hollywood Graveyard for your many personal insights and btw Willoughby is also my favorite Twilight Zone episode (ever since I was a little girl).
The racist Walt Disney is your hero?
Another gem from Arthur Dark!
Love the Donald Duck visit I’m a big Donald fan myself 👍🏻
My personal favorite grave is the one of my great-grandparents. I was one of few kids in the 70’s that knew their great-grandparents. They were 96 and 94 when they passed.
My favorite grave is my older brother whom I never knew he passed away with leukemia. I do have a photo of him with him holding me at least my parents had that photo taken but no information on where his resting place is all I know he is in one of the many grave yards in Atlanta Georgia , i so wish I knew which one. But I hope to be united with him when I pass.
Come on America 🇺🇸….this channel is one of the most PROFESSIONALLY done while totally respecting each & every dearly departed soul who happened to have been blessed to be employed by one of the big studios! He should definitely have a MILLION people by now! His beautiful narration keeps you captivated thanks to his vey professional voice🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾💜💜💜👏🏾👏🏾. Thank you Mr Dark! I can hardly wait for one of your productions that are sooooo well done! 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾…I literally drop everything an watch! Each of your submissions are extremely well done as though they are ALL shot by one of the big studios! 🏆🥇!!!!🙌🏾👍🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾😘😘
Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn - favourites of mine. Your poetic narratives do them honour. Haha Honourable Mentions!  Must be three dozen.
I think your picks are perfect! Thank you so much! You honor these amazing people and that's why I follow you! 💞💞💞 You keep their beautiful lives in our hearts!
Fan from Australia and have watched all your back catalogue and have been watching ever since. Thank you for showing me graves i could never hope to visit and explaining about those who i was not familiar with. Looking forward to another year of great content, as a three time cancer sufferer i am at peace with my own mortality and find your shows oddly comforting. Keep up the good work mate.
Mr. Arthur Dark you are a old soul, I look forward to another year of your videos which I just love....take care...Mary 🇨🇦  💜💜
.....and they kicked me out loll - Great presentation!
You did such a great job arthur—i love if not all most of the same —edgar allen poe was one of the greatest and a favorite of mine from an early age.
I would like if you could visit Charles Shultz…I just love cartoons.
While I’m intrigued by the graves of “famous people”, visiting my deceased family and friends brings me the peace I hope they are now enjoying for eternity. Thanks for the videos!
My elementary school is located across the street from Forest Lawn Glendale. Been in most of the buildings there. I could see the cross of the mausoleum from my house at night and when they changed it to a star during Christmas. Most of my family is buried at Forest Lawn Hollywood Hills. They are facing Disney Studios.
Hi Arthur......from Glenna Wood, River Hebert N.S. Canada I really love the George and Gracie......still hoping to find some famous singers soon.......keep those graves coming.....
this is a very well put together expose' Arthur! (my Grand Dad's name). TY fer putting together yr top faves graves. how adorbs yr Hardee's Donald Duck n that you had that footage. i am in disagreement tho, with Disney. look into him and the PROGRAMMING that was derived from his realm.
The best of YOUTUBE
Favorite famous grave(s), those of the Wright Family at Woodland Cemetery, Dayton, Ohio - born and raised here, family history in aviation, I cry each time I visit knowing what those 2 brothers gave us all. There are a lot of famous Daytonians buried there and my 2nd favorite is Paul Lawrence Dunbar, his resting place is not far from the brothers that were his friends. This channel brings me peace and joy with each new video. Thank you A. Dark for all you do.
My most favorite channel!
I love European cemeteries—i lived in vienna and know that mozart is buried at the st marxer friedhof there
A great selection. Pure class (again!). In 1956, my mum was training to be a telephonist at Slough and Great Missenden in the UK. She was waiting at a bus stop and the traffic lights changed to red. An American army staff car stopped right in front of her - she could hear giggling coming from within. Through the side rear window she saw Marilyn Monroe and Arthur Miller on the way to Pinewood Studios, for the filming of "The Prince and the Showgirl." The lights changed and the car pulled away... On the same training course she had a run-in with Dirk Bogarde. That's another story!
I live 10 minutes from E. A. Poe grave and worked at Westminster hall many times. I hope you went a few blocks from his grave to visit his home and I hope you got to see the last bar he was at ,it is still in business. Love your videos keep them coming
I grew up during twilight zone and found it too weird to deal with then
Maryin's and Micheal Jackson.
Thank you for all you do  Edgar Allan Poe is great I just watched the Pale Blue Eye . It’s great  Hard to Pick for sure ! I’ve been to Marilyn’s Grave lots of stars at Westwood
How were you able to get Ed Wynn's filmed? Isn't it off-limits?
Your channel was my first experience with  YouTube.  This was awesome.  You special on Poe was my favorite.
I have seen so many cool graves, being inspired by your videos, Arthur. Choosing one would be difficult, but here goes!  I really enjoyed seeing Jerome “Curly”Howard. Even though he died before I was born, I felt like I knew him after visiting his grave. Thanks Arthur!
I love the first one because I love the  characters and his epitaph because it makes me think of what would I have as mine and I love the last one because of the Ravin some of the honorable ones like  Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher would be on my list but also all the ones from Hogan's heroes
You are still adorable! =)
Like you Mr dark, I find each of those Graves brings a special memory to me. Thank you for sharing.! <3
My favorite graves that you’ve covered are Don Knotts & Dorothy Kilgallen . I grew up watching Don on both Andy Griffith Show & Three’s Company & in movies. In the past few years I’ve discovered Dorothy on Reruns of What’s My Line & I’ve since then have learned about her history as a journalist & investigative reporter & how she died & she fascinates me
This is a really lovely compilation, Arthur. Not only was it fun to see some  behind the scenes footage, I also appreciated getting a glimpse into what's meaningful to you and helped to shape you into the person you are today. I'm especially delighted that you included Rod Serling in your top 10, He's  been a huge influence on my life and I continue to mourn the fact that he died so very young. I've only seen a couple famous graves in my lifetime, but one was really important to me because it was another writer who has meant so very much to me: William Shakespeare. It's an experience I'll never forget.
What a beautiful video Arthur. All of your selections were great. Ty for sharing.😃😃
A zillion women wearing lipstick have kissed the grave of Marilyn Monroe, thereby discoloring it.  Hugh Hefner's grave -- whom nobody has ever kissed -- shows the same discoloration.  I guess his way of paying some sort of tribute to the woman he built his empire on...
My favorite famous grave that I have actually visited is that of  William Anderson "Devil Anse" Hatfield, patriarch of the Hatfield clan that had its famous Feud with the McCoy family of Kentucky in the late 1800s. It's located in the Hatfield family cemetery in the small community of Sarah Ann, West Virginia. His grave is an 8-foot tall marble statue of himself that was carved in Italy. Google it.
Always entertaining Sir
Hey, what about making a vídeo with the funniest ones?
Happy New Year Mr. Dark!  Thank you for returning to us once again from what was, I trust, a very enjoyable and relaxing holiday season.  This was a very entertaining revisit to some old footage and friends.  When you are ready, we will be looking forward to your next project.  Thanks again!
Because I loved your Poe special so much, I went to Baltimore to see his grave. It was beautiful and so very moving. One of my favorite graves as well.
Great choices Aurther, thank u for sharing them with us all.
Abraham Lincoln’s is probably #1 for me.  People walk  in and speak in hushed tones.  Arlington cemetery is another. It’s just so overwhelming  to see all  of the same headstones,lined up so neatly.  I remember sitting there with my husband. It was the first time I saw a Mockingbird. He was doing a perfect imitation of a Robin. We did a night tour of one of our local cemeteries  at our of the Silent City. It was a week before Halloween. The  have many  influential people from my state (Wiscaaaansin). Local actors were dressed  as local residents of the city. We would stop at various graves and  those interred would tell their story. We even stumbled across   2 resurrectionist
I remember when you first visited Audrey's grave and home town. It was very exciting for me being the fan that I am. But for her to make your top 10 and to hear the backstory was fantastic and emotional. Keep up the great work.
Excellent video as usual!
Love this series! Thanks so much and please keep posting!
It absolutely makes my week when I see Hollywood Graveyard come up in my feed. Your narrative voice and music of your videos brings up all kinds of memories and dreams! Thank you Arthur for your wonderful videos♥️
Michael Jackson his Music got me through some very dark times after i came out as Gay in Jr High 1990.  Plus I just Love his Music, charity work, Environmentalism and Humanitarianism.   L-O-V-E you and miss you Michael Long Live the King
Arthur I love your videos and thank you very much for taking me on your journey! I wish I could help your channel but due to my husband getting a neck injury at work I am unable to. But your videos take me away from all the bad stuff happening in my life and our world. Thank you very much. I hope you do another short film. Going to rewatch Edgar Allan Poe!!!!
I live the whole England episode.
Awesome work again Arthur!
Thank You for adding Paulette Goddard as an honorable mention, her lovely final resting place is quite beautiful.
My favorites............... Charles Bronson, Rudolph Valentino, Jim Morrison, Victor Hugo, Judy Garland original in New York, Babe Ruth, Leona Helmsley, Andrew Carnegie, Theodore Roosevelt, John D Rockefeller,
In Oxford, UK: My husband and I visited the grave of J.R.R. Tolkien and his wife
My favorite visit graveyard is Selena Quintanilla cause we both born & live in Texas. She my favorite inspiration women ever 😍 #teamlatina
Thanks Arthur🖤
You should come to Detroit and do an auto graveyard special.  Henry Ford,  John and Horace Dodge, David Buick, John DeLorean and others are all here.
My favorites are Audrey Hepburn, Bob Ross, Charles Schultz, Leonard Nimoy and animal trainer Frank Inn (owner of Higgins/Benji).
thank you for the most recent vid.. was missing you and all the historic info...
Dall' italia
Ciao finalmente un nuovo filmato tanti auguri
Ernest Hemmingway would be in my top 10. However i was right with you on most of your choices. Richard Burton was amazing. Good work!
Hey Arthur, if Walt Disney is one of your favorites, then you also know that when he died, there was a big broohaha over his body being put into a cryo-chamber in an effort to bring him back when medical progress afforded it. But since he's a bowl of dust in a few graves, looks like that won't happen unless medical advancement is a mind blower!
💀👻💀 Well Done 👻 Mr Dark 💀👻💀
I have enjoyed over the years the places you have brought us to and the deceased who might not be remembered. Yes, the famous, but also the ones who were not quite that famous but contributed to our entertainment or thought. I thank you for taking us to the niche of Reta Shaw, who I always loved seeing her  in various roles in movies and TV. She reminded me of my favorite aunt who was the same age as her when she died. The wonderful tour of my world, New York and the many famous buried here as well as taking us abroad and all through California. I am looking forward to what the future of your channel has to offer.
Thanxx Arthur and guys 😎✌️😳
I have learned a lot from watching your channel and it has inspired me to do some research about some of these folks on my own.  There are some very tragic stories out there but also some that are very inspiring.  Your videos have also made me very mindful of the local celebrities in my community who have passed.  As for my favorite graves to visit, they are those of whom were close to me who have passed - grandparents and step-father.
My favorite grave I have ever visited is of Hoosier poet James Whitcomb Riley. It's located at the highest point in Crown Hill Cemetery and you can see all of Indianapolis from that vantage point.
Hollywood Forever Cemetery was also the first cemetery I visited when I moved to Hollywood in the 90s. It was a bit rundown then but I loved bringing friends there and especially the mausoleum with the Tiffany windows. Forest Lawn Glendale was also a favorite. It was the last spot I visited in LA before I moved back to Connecticut. There is a beautiful cemetery here on the east coast in Stockbridge MA where the famous "Sedgwick Pie" exists, a family plot of the famous Sedgwick family, with two obilisks at the center for the family patriarch, Theodore Sedgwick and his wife. The subsequent graves of the family are buried in circles around the center. Theodore Sedgwick, along with Tapping Reeve of CT, ended slavery in MA when a local woman who came to be known as Elizabeth Freeman (or Mum Bett), upon hearing the reading of the newly passed state constitution and the words "all men are created equal" hired him and Reeve to petition for her freedom in court. They won, she was freed, and the precedent ended slavery in the state. She went on to live with the Sedgwick family for the rest of her life as a hired servant and nanny and is buried in the first row of graves around the pie. Other famous family members include Edie Sedgwick (of Andy Warhol fame) and Kyra Sedgwick, as well as many noted writers, war heroes and professors. I actually sent you photos of the cemetery a few years back. It's quite beautiful
Loved it.
I would love to go see Marilyn Monroe
The Edgar Allan Poe special I can see was very very well done. Having Satin Puppets, the music, costumes and the effects. Plus Edgar is one of my favorites as well I also share birthday month with him. I always honor him every month of January when my birthday happens.  The shots that you caught actually is very artistic and if I may say, haunting. Also where did you find the watercolor paintings of Poe and other Poe like reference? I would like to add them to my gallery.  Also to add my favorite graveside visit which I sometimes frequent is in my hometown of San Diego California. It's called Mount Hope cemetery, and the grave that I regularly visit on what I call haunting anniversaries is the plot of the Whaley family. I know their story very well and I have seen and felt their spirits both their and at their home.
Great selections! And thank you for speaking about Marilyn and Michael with so much love and respect. 🙏🏾 The Audrey story was also adorable!
Oh come on already, Arthur! You're STILL adorable! It's common knowledge.....
The Edgar Allan Poe feature was very artistic, educational and brilliantly produced , very well acted . Absolutely loved it. 🐨🥰
Elvis is my favorite celebrity grave. Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, VA is my favorite cemetery.
Can't wait for New Videos
My Friend; you are the best of the best; God Bless you...
My favorite grave site is Lizzie Borden in Fall River quite the place!!!
Thriller is not the biggest selling album of all time that title belongs to the eagles greatest hits 1971-1975
Mine is well The Doors Rock God  Jim Morrison named after this genius and so proud of this too. Happy New year Arthur and all the Hollywood Graveyard Community 🙏👌 From Liverpool UK.
My favorites are 2 that I hope to see one day.   The great composer -Beethoven and the great silent comedian - Buster Keaton.   I was searching YouTube for videos of Buster Keaton’s grave and that’s how I found Hollywood Graveyard.  Another reason to admire  Buster! He led me here!
Iv visited France Bellamy who wrote the pledge of allegiance
Great episode! Thank you.
Thank you for your wonderful series "Hollywood Graveyard" 🪦⚰️ Mr. Dark.  I have a terrible fear of death & the death of my lived ones but, by watching your series, I have to admit that, it brought me a bit of comfort, seeing how beautiful & peaceful all these final restful places are. I hope you continue making your visits & series.  I loved your Edgar Allen Poe episode, you did an job with it.  Thank you again Mr. Dark & look forward to seeing more of you in this new year of 2023.
Brilliant, magnificent, fascinating!
You were such a cutie patootie as a kid 🥰
After studying many of Shakespeare's plays at school, I found it extremely moving to visit his grave at Holy Trinity Church in Stratford-upon-Avon, England. But my greatest literary pilgrimage was to Hans Christian Andersen's grave in the peaceful Assistens Cemetery in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Marilyn 🥲
Thank you Arthur for sharing your top 10.  Each is unique in their own way.  Awesome choices.  Happy New Year to you!
Rod serling is my fav! Love the twilight zone!
Favorite one I've visited was for Bob Ross. I grew up in Muncie, Indiana where he filmed his series, and I've watched his shows countless times since they were new. On my last trip to Disney World, I managed to stop and spend a few minutes at his grave. Several fans had left small paintings and paintbrushes for him.
I've only been to a small handful of famous graves, but my favorite hands down was that of Major Dick Winters of Easy Company.  I loved how he was portrayed in Band of Brothers and have read his autobiography which was fascinating! Congratulations on the anniversary Arthur!  Anytime I see you post a new video I get excited!  In the words of George Burns, "This is my favorite show I never miss it!"
Mj was my childhood hero and still is 😢
I'm surprised you didn't include Elvis's grave site at Graceland. It's truly a beautiful location and remembrance
your top picks are perfect Arthur 👍 looking forward to another great year of Hollywood Graveyard tours! happy 2023 everyone! 💗
All of your videos have been wonderful and I'm hoping for many more. My favorite graves are at Arlington National Cemetery and a visit there changed my burial plans. I hope to be buried in a military cemetery near my hometown. Thank you.
Well Done Arthur !
My favorite grave will be mine
Congrats Arthur on 6 years of awesomeness. My fav is the Hollywood Forever
I always enjoy your video's.  I have an Aunt, Uncle and Cousin buried at Forest Lawn Glendale so find that one very interesting.  Thanks for what you do.
For me it was Marilyn Monroe's grave at Westwood.  The cemetery itself was a little tricky to find (pre GPS).
A grave I happened upon accidentally -- Smokey the Bear in his native Capitan, NM. Yeah, Smokey was an actual bear rescued as a cub from a forest fire.  We toured the pretty, peaceful little park. A recommended stop if you're in the middle of New Mexico.
Happy anniversary
I selfishly miss your regular posts, hopefully more this year . Thank our for visiting and respectfully remembering those long forgotten. Your soothing voice really relaxes me . Much love from Australia 🐨🥰
How did you get in the locked areas of Forest Lawn Glendale?
My favourite: The grave of Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia. She was the youngest daughter of tsar Alexander III and thus youngest sister of Nicholas II. She was born in the splendours of St. Petersburg (Russia) and died in a dingy apartment over a store in a Toronto (Canada) working-class neighbourhood. Quite the life between both of those moments. She's buried in York Cemetery (northern suburb of Toronto) and a Russian orthodox cross marks her grave.  And happy anniversary!  Yikes, six years!!!!
Love this channel and will be looking forward to all the visits in 2023.
Interesting video. Happy New Year.
my favorite grave is in Pardes Shalom here in canada when you did the viewer special #4 you payed a visit to Corey Haim
I liked Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix graves.
I dont about 10 but the one I really wanted to see, that I finally got to see,  was Abraham Lincoln.
Is it unusual to have only your stage name on your grave like Marilyn?
I have thought Bram stoker was in your top 10, but lovely list of big names 👍
Happy 6th Anniversary! Love this so much and look forward to the next one. Loved that you picked Audrey Hepburn she was such a good human.
Happy New Year!! Greetings from Colombia
9:53 Nice to see your younger self. ❤
I’d love to someday visit Freddie Mercurys grave because I love Queen … his statue would be fine
My personal favourite is Mathilde willinks, a wild colourful dutch woman from the 70s yet her grave is a simple stone slab with her signature, i like leaving her roses
I love this so much! Very well done. I also love your movies on Poe and The Twilight Zone. ❤️
Visited Arlington National Cemetery in 1997. My favorite famous grave was JFK. But the one grave I want to visit is Ernie Banks in Chicago.
Before I die I'd like to go to the graves of Katharine Hepburn and Gilda Radner. They looked so beautiful on your channel.
Hey’s
My favorite graves that I actually visited where Duke Ellington, Mike Davis (literally next to each other)…the others I’d have to group up in an entire cemetery..St John in Queens…they probably have the most organized crime bosses bury there than most other cemeteries
This was excellent!!! Bravo and cheers to six years!!! 🎉❤
happy six years!!!!!
As always: AMAZING!!!
Love the videos and content.  thank you so much.
This was amazing but have you ever thought about doing a titanic special someday just wanted to know and love this channel so much
Everytime you visit a grave you honor their memories Mr. Dark, and you help us appreciate the role these individuals played in enlightening our existence on this mortal plane and making it just that much brighter, that much happier and that much more thrilling.
Happy Anniversary! I subscribed to your channel soon after you started and have never missed a video of yours.  I appreciate what you do and the hard work you put into it. Congrats! 😊
My trip to Martha's Vineyard for the viewers special part 10 to film John Bellushi was probably my favorite experience for graves thus far as it was my first time to ever visit the most talked about destination in the Northeast. As far as others go, Richard McDonald in NH was the first time i ever set foot into a mausoleum and if it wasnt for his company, I wouldnt exist. I have a small list of places i would love to go in the Northeast and am already planning my next venture when the call goes out for the 3rd viewers special series. Still, if Arthur were to do something along the lines of a 4th of July special and wanted to film the heroes of the Revolution, I would happily escort him around Boston to film figures such as Paul Revere, the victims of the Boston Massacre, and presidents John Adams and John Q. Adams.
My favorite has to be either Terry Gordy, William Hartnell, Jon Pertwee, and or Bruno Sammartino
I have been following your channel for a while now and I am absolutely thrilled by the great quality of every segment you produce. They give honor and respect to the deceased.  This was a calling and you're doing a great job.
Not the list I was expecting as they don't contain stars with elaborate memorials but rather stars that you have a personal connection to and remind you of your childhood. Your first choice was cool and touching. Glad Audrey Hepburn made the list as her final resting place is one of my favorites too. Such tranquil and remote and unassuming. You'd never think the remains of such a mega star would be eternally located there.
The first grave I sought out was Marilyn’s. At first, from a distance, I thought it was covered in cardboard but it was where the oil from all of the lipstick left on it stained her stone. I was really drawn to Natalie Wood’s grave. I can’t believe she’s been gone over 40 years. I remember the announcement of her death so vividly. In Europe, my favorites are Jim Morrison (I was 11 when he died) and recall it being announced on the radio. In London, my favorite is Queen Elizabeth I. Westminster Abbey is my favorite place to go. Thank you for your dedication to this channel. You were absolutely right about Audrey Hepburn. It didn’t seem right for her not to be surrounded in sunshine. Thank you, Giuseppe!
Fix your Facebook group bot. It is incorrectly, rejecting people from the group l, and the people that work for you are not responding to messages.
Such an amazing list, alot of these are my favs also ^^ i look foward to what you bring us this year, i know its always a sad thought cuz of the famous ppl we have lost but i am always happy to see how there final resting place looks and all
Audrey Hepburn's grave was beautiful.  I am glad that you  drove back to film it in the sun.  Thanks to your driver.
How can I choose just one?! I saw Lucille Ball's grave in CA before she was moved to NY. Delighted to find Curly Howard & Shemp Howard (I saw all the Stooges graves), & was entranced by the grave of Bette Davis! Saw Gracie Allen's before George Burns died. Errol Flynn, Spencer Tracy, Jay Ward, James Stewart, Donald Crisp, & more 😊 My biggest regret is never making it to Hollywood Forever
Even though death is sad . You turn it in a lesson on their lives
You know how you did the video on the girl who played Trini from the Power Rangers it'd be very interesting if you did one for the guy who played the Green Ranger or also known as the White Ranger cuz you know he died this last year
Happy 6th year anniversary and many more. I love watching your videos i wonder if you would consider a video of the funniest grave markers ie "go away I'm sleeping"
Mel Blank was all so the voice of Mister Spacey on the Jetsons
Amazing as always, thank you.
152nd...well Happy New Year to you and your Crew......Appreciate your Vids !  One Grave that stands out and got me Teary Eyed is Anton Yelchin and his Tragic Death
Happy six years Hollywood Graves my favorite grave is Don Knotts the marker is beautiful good video vickie napa ca
I live in Brooklyn and when I visit Green Wood Cemetery, I always pay my respects to Frank Morgan’s grave. I was there last Monday. I want to see Montgomery Cliff’s but haven’t been able to when the cemetery is open to the public. I’ve been to see Joan Crawford, Tom Carvel, Aaliyah, Judy Garland’s NY grave, Ed Sullivan, Marion Lorne, plus other famous people that are in the same mausoleum and cemetery, but I can’t think of there names. My favorite grave in CT is of Mary Tyler Moore. The cemetery is so peaceful. I love it in the Fall. ❤
Happy 6th Anniversary Mr. Dark & thank you for all your very interesting videos. You're so very informative of & very respectful of all everyone you visited.  I look forward to seeing more of your videos in this new year.
Only problem is that Moe of the three stooges beat out Chaplin by just a week with the hitler parody as he did the short first. Chaplin just piggybacked on it. It was crazy as the story was that moe actually left early to handle a family emergency in his hitler costume during filming and people were complaining about hitler driving down sunset blvd to the police which they followed up on to no leads nor anything became of it. Moe actually is eerily similar looking to Hitler when he slicked his hair back and put on a mustache. It wasn’t funny and people on set actually were creeped out by it.
Glad your back. We want more videos
I don't think Michael Jackson is dead I think he is still alive and his body is not there but the empty caskets is there
Did someone else rest in the place Michael Jackson now lies before he was interred there?
I have yet to make it to see Marilyn in LA and James Dean in Indiana.  Those are really the only two on my bucket list.  BTW, I think this vid is the first time I've seen you without your shades on.
The Poe special was absolutely incredible
I've been loving your videos for years. So much interesting history. I also love the music. Keep up the good work.
Thank you for doing this for 6 years and running! I look forward to many many more videos of yours. Growing up in Baltimore, I have to say that my favorite grave to visit is Edgar Allen Poe. You have to see his statue at the University of Baltimore the next time you're in the area.
Another great episode by Arthur. As the answer for your question my favorite grave is the one of Ferdinand Foch in Paris. Not a famous artist or well know person, but he was the Marshall of France during and at the end of WWI. He is buried at the dôme des Invalides in Paris near Napoleon Bonaparte. I can’t post a picture of it, so you have to look it up, but this grave (monument), has been my favorite since my first visit in 1990. Last year i showed it my daughter and she “loved” the grave of Foch more then Napoleons.
One of your favorites is mine Rod Sterling ❤ what an interesting character he was. I was surprised Houdini did not make your top 10.
I never get tired of watching your videos. They are entertaining and informative at the same time.
Your videos are completely awesome!!!!!!!!!!! I mean that personally you are a fantastic Youtuber Arthur Dark 👍👍👍👍👍👍
I look forward to these so much,  my top graves visited was Poe's ( plus the museum and the restaurant Annabel Lee). I have been visiting all of the houses where he had lived (NY, Baltimore, PA) - my next vacation will be in Richmond Virginia. Harry Houdini I finally got to visit in 2021, that had been a decade in the making. I have been a Houdini fan for so long, I think he was amazing, as a person and a magician. (The Houdini museum in Scranton, PA is filled with Houdini memorabilia ) I would love to take a trip out to California to see Hollywood Forever, and Westwood Village Memorial Park. Those are future goals.
Last year we got to visit Kingston Ontario on a trip with our family.  I was very happy to visit the grave of Sir John A MacDonald the first prime minister of Canada
Happy 6 year anniversary! Loved the video!
I haven’t visited any graves of the Hollywood celebrities yet. I have, however, visited grave monuments at Revolutionary War battlefields (history geek). And I saw Thomas Jefferson’s grave at Monticello. On my list is Arlington and JFK’s grave. Again, history geek. ☺️ But I really want to visit Poe’s grave as well, and that one is likely within reach. Thanks for sharing, as always.
Totally worth going back, the blue skies were stunning 🌬️💙
I've been to countless graves all over the world but I really want to visit Chris Cornell's resting place.
Happy six year anniversary Arthur!  My top ten favorites in no particular order are all from TV shows from my childhood:  Edward Mulhare, Phyllis Davis, and Lance Legault from Knight Rider Knight Of The Phoenix; Jan Michael Vincent, Ernest Borgnine, and David Hemmings from Airwolf; Dana Elcar from Macgyver; George Peppard from the A-Team; Lorne Greene from Battlestar Galactica; and Tim O'Connor from Buck Rogers In The 25th Century.
Happy Anniversary! I love watching the content you create! Here's to many more years!
The most moving grave I ever visited was the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor.
Arthur, I enjoy your work very much.  It is so tastefully done.  I wonder - is your name really Arthur Dark, or is it a pseudonym?
Mel Blanc would totally be my 1st choice.  🐰
Happy 6th anniversary. I respectfully disagree about Walt Disney. He stole the credit from Ub Iwerks from Steamboat Willie, his credit in starting the studio & all his artistry, as well as Oscars rightfully belonging to others pre WW2. He falsely named people he had a grudge (because of the post war strike at his studio) to the House UnAmerican Activities  Committee, ruining lives & families, & also offering himself as a spy against Hollywood actors & writers. Disney was an  antisemite & stood in the way of women getting ahead in his company during his lifetime.
So very cool yaaaaayyy!!!!
I love Forest Lawn; a few meters from Walt Disney's spot, essentially the same sector, is that of Stan Laurel, one of my favourite film comedians.
Happy 2023, Arthur. Excellent choice of favourites.
Have you or had anyone submitted a video of Greta Garbo’s grave site in Sweden?
Muito obrigado pelos videos ⚰💀
Love you! Like to see MJ resting place!!
This was magnificent
You are the best there is when you do this it's like a person's there with you you're great hope you never quit
One of my fave vids of yours, a compilation of the best of the best! I watched a very interesting vid a couple of weeks ago on the Decoding The Unknown channel discussing how EAP died, fascinating!
2 of my favorite graves are of fellow Long Islanders. Pres Theodore Roosevelt and Harry Chapin . Visiting them brings me peace.
Need to do some peers roach off of next Friday
Love getting home from being on the road for work and seeing your new video.  They are always like a warm hug. Happy Anniversary.  And...thank you.....
WOW 6 years congratulations here's to many more years and Happy New Year
You sir, are the master of story telling. I could watch you all night long. I remember when Marilyn Monroe died. Such a sad day. Thanks for sharing your favorites. Blessings from Michigan.
Great job as always!
Some of my top ten individuals have been cremated with no final resting place, or their final resting place has not or will not be revealed.
thank you for visiting all these graves, my faves are Bob Saget  and don't know if you Visited Richard Dawson
Happy new year blessing boss keep up the good work 🙏🏆
What about JFK grave
She wasn't famous, nor a relative.  She was a little girl who died in Cuba and they shipped her body all the way to New York in the 1800s.  Her grave was marked by a hollow cast iron tombstone.  100 years after her death, I encountered her marker.  I visited from time to time.  It may be time to say hello again.
Here's to many more 😊🔥🔥♥ Mine was and still is scooby do
Mr Dark with some white base and dark under your eyes, you can almost pass for Edgar Allan Poe ❤️💋
👍💯💓💓💓👏👏👏. I'm satisfied with your top 10 . To End with Poe  Pure Genius. Syfy did a Twilight Zone Marathon 3 days and nights of all the episodes. I live each year for those Marathons. Last year was only 2 days and nights. This year was like my late Christmas Present..🥰🤗. Happy New Year. 👾😁. Love respect and positivity always.✌️🖖💕🌝👋👣. Vee J.
Fun Fact, Edgar Allan Poe was at Thomas Jefferson's funeral at him home Monticello in Charlottesville Virginia.
When I started watching there were 4 views.  By the end of the video there were 4.7k. Great stuff as always.
What a pleasant surprise! It was going to be an ordinary Sunday dinner, and voila! Dinner and a movie! Thanks, Arthur, and Happy Anniversary!
❤❤❤❤
I don't have a favorite celebrity grave, I love them all💜. RIP
Hi Arthur, I 💜 you (wit' yo' fine self), HAPPY NEW YEAR 🎉🎉🎉 my favorite YouTube Channel 🤗 Rod Serling knew...
Hot diggity dog.  Thank you!!!!!!!
Happy Anniversary, Arthur. This was a beautiful video. I have to confess that seeing the film of George Burns visit Gracie's grave every month broke me. I enjoyed your choice of stars to visit and loved the affectionate commentary. This is my favourite channel - can't wait to switch on when the notification comes.
An Amazing fact about George & Gracie was the incredible $10,000 weekly salary they earned for their Radio program in the 1930's. The Internet Archives has 272 episodes of their radio program. Thank You Mr. Dark for uploading this tribute video of your favorites. They are mine also.
Another terrific program.  Thank you
Happy new to Arthur Dark and to the "taphophile community". Happy tomestone hunting in 2023.Thank you Arthur for the Edgar Allan Poe shots that was  phenomenal.
Happy 6th anniversary!  I wait for your new videos every time I think one should be coming out!  And I *knew* your number one would be Edgar Allen Poe!!  He's one of my favorites, too.
Happy Anniversary and thanks for all that you do!!
Grave Gourmet !!!!
So glad to see u back.. can't wait for More💕
Happy six year indeed my favorite is Debbie Reynolds And Carrie Fisher two souls that left too soon .❤️Thank You again enjoy everyone I see .
I would love to do a list like this, but the only grave I have ever visited was President Woodrow Wilson's at the National Cathedral in Washington D.C.
Thank you, mr. dark, for getting me into these classical films from the golden age to the present! “We share your knowledge to future generations of mankind!”
Amazing work Arthur. I enjoy every grave tour.
I haven't been to a famous grave yet. But I did go see the Margaret Mitchell House in Atlanta, Georgia. She's the writer of Gone with the Wind.
13:03 Micheal Jackson!
Yeah I'm pretty sure the Kennedys did it
Great video Arthur wow six years now 👍
My favourite you've done, was actor Martin Landau, who played one of my favourite sci fi heroes, Commander John Koenig on Space: 1999.  My other favourite whom I don't know that you've done yet or not, was Richard Jordan, who played "Francis 7" in my fave movie, "Logan's Run".
Mel Blanc would count as many fans top 10 alone. 😉 Good choice.
What happened to the marble closure on George Burns side, it’s all cracked, an earth tremor?
I’d have to say, probably my favourite video was the train video, although I have thoroughly enjoyed all of them over the years Arthur.
correct me if im wrong but didnt walt disney make propaganda films for the nazis
I wish Olivia Newton John had a grave! 😢😢
Happy Sixth Anniversary. My favorite famous grave is the Tomb of the Unknowns in Arlington National Cemetery.
I can hardly wait until you next video. I really enjoy them.
My personal favorite is my dad's grave. He wasn't famous or well known, but he's the one I miss and means the most to me.
Thank you  Arthur, you  always  do a  fabulous video, love  this...Happy  New Year  my friend, Keep  up the great work!😀👍
Elvis should have been #1.
I paid my respects to Marilyn Monroe in 2016, that day I spent over an hour with her before anyone else came along .. it had been a life long wish of mine to visit her being as I'm such a fan .. RIP sweet Norma Jean .. eternally young & never to be forgotten ♥️
What a great personal memory and video of you and Donald Duck. Thanks for sharing.
Fantastic!
Hi Arthur! Happy 6th anniversary. Thanks You for your videos  Podrías poner subtitulos en español? Yo te veo desde Argentina y se me haría más fácil ver y disfrutar los vídeos. Gracias por todo.
I met Mel Blanc.  He did a college tour in the late '70s. After the show he came down to the campus pub and spent the evening with the guys! For many years there was a chair in that pub on which someone had written, "Mel Blanc sat here" after he had finally left for his hotel.  Might still be there today!  I could never understand Donald Duck!  My favorite cartoons as a kid (and today!) were (and are!) the Warner Brothers ones.
Hey Arthur my favorite videos from you are the Disney graves, batman graves, halloween and the one with just the original Dracula
😍😍😍 your videos, happy 6 years xxx
Thanks🪦💜
I absolutely love your videos and what you do. You get to visit some of the most amazing celebrities final resting places. Thank you for everything you do and keep making amazing content. 🪦
Terry Kath because, well, he's Terry Kath. Thank you Arthur for treating an extremely underrated guitar master with so much dignity. You're one of a kind kid!
Absolutely love your channel ✔️✔️👌 Jackie Gleason my favorite he has made me laugh so hard Rip💔
Can you do a video on the graves of the people who were on I've got a secret I never see any one doing it
Another year around the globe ...it only gets better Mr.Dark🕶️...thank you!  Btw a fave of mine is Diahnna Carroll...a fan of her glamour and beauty as well as her plethora of television, stage and movies.❤️💕🌹📺📽️🎬
Thank you Arthur you video's  always  make my  day as always  thank you for taking us along
Well,  I only have been to one famous person.  But he was my favorite.  As I followed his story growing up. Ryan White's Grave in Cicero Indiana.  His story made me realize that educating people is more important then just going on.
Happy 6th Year anniversary I love your video's and I can't wait til your next video 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
For my dream, my visit option is the radio host larry King's grave at hillside memorial park culver city California paul sorvino at Hollywood forever angela lansbury at westwood village memorial park and many more
Happy 6 year anniversary! ❤️And thank you for everything you do.
A walk on the Dark Side !!
*¡my grandmother Natalia Rangel, my dad Max Hughes Waller who was in the u.S. Marine Corps, my mom Mercedes Waller, with other family members are buried at the San Fernando Mission Catholic Cemetery!* - 3:36 pm Pacific Standard Time on Sunday, 8 January 2023
That "Baby Arthur" video with Donald always gets me! It's so cute 🥰
Mr. Dark how did you get right up to George Burns crypt?  I thought you couldn't do that.
How i wish to have a time machine and go back to Hollywood golden era to meet and talk to actors like Bogart, Spencer Tracy, Gable, Stewart, Edward Arnold ( one of the most underrated actors at Hollywood golden era in my personal opinion), the Barrymore dinasty, and many others, what a nostalgic feeling watching this excellent channel.
💐💐My favorite Famous graves that I would love to visit are Shirley Temple, John Candy, Christopher Lee, Heath Ledger, Walt Disney, Sidney Poitier, Sean Connery, Pat Morita, Vincent Price, and, of course, Bruce Lee and his son Brandon Lee.💐💐 My parents visited Elvis Presley's grave last year, and my mom's a huge fan of his songs and films.
I need to pay my respects to Walt. He is and will always be my special friend. I have got to get to CA!
Happy 6th anniversary! Thank you for everything.
Hollywood Graveyard is one of the few channels I immediately watch as soon as it shows up with a new episode.
walt disney was very anti-gay.  he fired tommy kirk. I am very insulted by your feelings
Mines was  Micheal Jackson  Whitney Houston  The guy from Mary Poppins at Forest Lawn Glendale  Jam Master Jay Nipsey Hussle  They all mean a lot to me, musically and movie wise.
Don't watch the Netflix movie " Blonde" if you love Marilyn Monroe. I think it is an exaggerated piece of garbage. Rest in peace Blonde bomb shell.
Happy Anniversary and thank you for everything you do to honor the stars of  stage, screen, music and poetry.
Arthur and Crew, Happy 2023..!!!! 😊
Happy Six Years my dear friend.  I truly enjoy all your programming.  President Richard Nixon and Jayne Mansfield are the only  famous graves I've ever visited.  I was at the President's library where he is buried and MS Mansfield is in my town.  I've been to The Reagan Library a number of times, however all were before he passed away.  I too would love to visit Ms Monroe, Ms Wood and of course the biggest star we ever had Lucille Ball.  I'd also love to go to Arlington.
Great video!  Walt Disney is definitely spinning in his grave right now from today's  management of his company.💯🙏🙏
4:49   Just an FYI...Gracie was born in 1895 and actually older than George, but they wanted her to seem younger, hence the 1902 inscription.  Keep up the great work man!
I can't wait to die and get buried somewhere cool!
WHAT A SUNDAY TREAT....THANKS A.
I want to go back in the US ... Just visited 10 years ago but miss Hollywood Forever ... 😭 I will be back 😝 Nick from France !
As a fan of baseball, visiting the graves of Joe DiMaggio and Willie McCovey in Colma, CA was something special
I just love your videos. I love How you go and you tell the stories of all these beautiful amazing people. Brings so much appreciation for who they were
Happy 6th year anniversary! I always get excited when I get a notification that you have a new video out! You never fail to disappoint with your videos, which are classic works of art!
Happy New Year everyone. Another year of graveyard tours with Arthur Dark is now upon us. Cant wait.
I'm always excited to see your latest video. Thanks for being there!  My favorite famous grave stories are Sigmund Freud's and Elmer McCurdy the outlaw who took a 65-year detour between death and burial.
A race back to you tube for a video from Hollywood Graveyard!
Happy new year Giuseppe, all the best for 2023
Hello arthur dark
I would say my favorite grave is Rudolph Valentino grave is because of the movie Era he was from!!!!
Omg thanks  for making this video I fell in love with your videos  I seen Whitney Houston grave she by far is one of my favorite singer's
r u still doin viewers specialz? i can do a upton sinclair vid 4 u
Happy six year anniversary brother. Thank you so much for making such amazing and entertaining videos. I always love tuning in every time the notification pops up to watch a new Hollywood Graveyard episode. Cheers to many more!!
Hi Arthur. I've been a fan of yours for a while. Thank you for all your tours. God bless you and have a wonderful day.
Great video as slways. Keep it up!
Hello Arthur Dark
Thank you, Arthur, coming in to save my day! ♥️🌹 My dream is to visit Rudy V. and Judy G. at Hollywood Forever.
i had a feelin arthur was uploadin soon yayayayayayay!!!!!!!!
Yay!! A new video!!! ❤
My favourite channel! 😀❤️👏🏻
🤚🏻👊🏻
Hello Arthur 👋🏻
