Hi everyone, i'm from 2025.
RIP Booster 1058
https://youtu.be/5SWd39bsVPo your machine zapped the X High priest. Money due mr Musk  Tic toc.
Music at 42:00???
Elon Musk, his companies, I love you all!  You should have made a magnetic rail tunnel embedded in the earth at a 50 degree angle of exit about 7 miles long, and you could launch all the fossil fuels into space using less than a third of the fuel,(will only  be needed for vector control and stabilizing) which is one of the primary expenses, using solar energy, transmitted from space using massive mirror arrays located in the north and south pole that reflect and focus massive amount of solar energy into orbital generators that transmit power back to earth via tight microwave beam, routed then via cables to the world.(transatlantic cable etc)  You then can modularly launch humans , materials , fuel into space safely using the sun.  It would be far safer and efficient and better in every way.  You can launch modular massive 3d printer arrays that can land on a planet and establish a setup for landing and housing before you even arrive.  Using a simple tapered cone for insertion landing on a pad, like a mating fit would eliminate many issues.  It would be a simple frame construct sleeve affixed to a landing platform created as well by the 3d printers.  I love you all, but  the most ironic thing has occurred.  Your companies literally have every technology to do this , and are leading most,  yet you are choosing archaic methods over reasoning and higher scope logic, risking lives and material and wasting time.  Is it oversight, I imagine so, or you are already building one.  These are the only two options.   So, you have to be able to see in time if you really want to mastermind how to travel in space.  Otherwise you just waste it.  The 60's HArp project proved you can do this as well, yet with a magrail tunnel, it could launch everything, safely, humans and all, using the sun, using fossil fuels where they actually won't cause us harm; in space.    If anyone is presuming to judge me, just know that Yale and Standford representatives came out to me when I was 15 to test me because of what happened in HighSchool.  They said this, not me, that I am a creative genius off the charts.  A borderline genius with numbers and such, and I have excellent coordination, which effects more than just the body.  I have already created the fastest form of human powered transportation, which is a new form of bicycle that has a 1.5 times gain over any other bicycle or human powered set up , period.   I also just hacked my own cooling technique in which one of the presidents of the company that I acquired certain components from contacted me because no one has ever used their technology like I have, and I am achieving superior results all across the board, efficiency, safety, performance.      I really hope all you arrogant naysayers wake up and learn how to find true masterminds, and not just assume things so much, BYE!
Intro theme? Someone?
26:08 vs 26:19
That's 60 steps to solving global warming, ending land based astronomy and putting Comcast out of business. It's a Win, Win, Win !!
Elon is right, Bezos just can't "get it up!"
Yes!
They never clean the boosters. But hey, natural painting is beautiful too
Funny when it turns because it can't keep going up to firmament 😂
All lies! Earth is flat!
I have seen missile launching missions from Earth to Mars and the Moon.Which country has a missile from Mars and the Moon yard.         think 🤔 Different.
дын дын жарим картошку
Wonderful content and editing video, really enjoyed. Keep it up and you have   my full support see you around mate!!!!!!
도지코인 단타쳐서 32% 이익 봤는데 어제 안빼서 380층에 구금당함 살려주세요
SN X... nên dùng phản lực theo kiểu kiềng 3 chân như một công cụ bếp ăn ngày xưa của Việt Nam và đóng mở được để cất hạ cánh sẽ rất an toàn. Tks!
Ride the birkland  current as highway
Why can't you harness the plasma[electric nature]of space  as fuel for  engine's
Hgyihgff
In addition to speed and altitude live telemetry, the distance travelled would be very interesting.
Excellent thanks
Hi 2100 people we are here  Tall me about iraq
DOGE ~ TO THE MOON !
Mower fixed in dark id seen it.   Square 2 making a come back. Have Spacex inspiration, stars no limit.  Be well :) :]
What does one have to do to locate a video that shows a ship exit the atmosphere and enter space, or a video of re-entry. Everything I find blacks out or moves into animation during the definitive moments of space flight, besides the launch. Any help is much appreciated thanks guys
Besides an IPO, which many expect, how can America turn all the energy it uses into a blockchain or similar token of value ? What a waste , no ?
Wow that's great
Letsgoooo I've been waiting for this moment <3
STEEL ROPE TRAIN, 330 km to the space station
I'm still amazed by SpaceX, every single launch. Successful or failure, simple amazing.
For those who go to mars, they should just stay their.  PS nasa fails and i think they could sabotage your rockets. Keep video footage.
Elektrikli Yılan Balığı, Insan VÜCUDUNA entegre edilmesi ve ENERGI alınması sağlanması, UZAYDA CANLI hücre,  OKSIJEN olmadığında , yani donduruldugunda vucud, elektrikle ENERGI sağlamaması GEREKLI, bunun dışında ELEKTRIK ENERGISI IÇIN, ELEKTRON SANTFALI AKVARYUMU, BU AKVARYUMDAN ENERGINSAGLAYI GUNES ENERGIDI OLMADIĞI YERLERDE ELEKTRON SAGLAYABILIRSINIZ
Everyone gansta till they make an interstellar spaceship
https://youtu.be/0YkCkRrkf1U
Lockheed has to buy their way onto a commercial flight to keep up with spacex
A light that look like Wings will be on Space soon .
DOGE/USDT 10x Dogecoin
💖
i love u too!!!
Amazing landing ,i hope that  sn 15 will perform same way very soon:)
Celik HALATLARDAN BITANESI AYA DOĞRU GITSIN
Bunun DIŞINDA CELIK HALAT 6 TANE , BIR DAIRESEL BELIMIZDE CEVIRDIGIMIZ HALKALAR GIBI DUSJNUN, BU HALKALADA ÇELIK HALATLARIN GECECEGI , BIR HALK VE  KAYNIKLI VEYA VIDALI, SONRA BUNU BALON HRLYUM GAZLI BALONLAR UZAYA DOĞRU CIKARTIN BU HALALARIN ICINDE TREN YOLU, GIDISLI DONUSLU, AMA ISTASYON HAZIR HALDE UZAYA FOGRU BALONLAR ILD BURDAN IMAL EDILE ECOLE UZATA DOĞRU CIKARTIN
BIR kanatlı uçak, ECONOMIK GELIR GEREKLI, UZAYDA KULLANILACSK ARACLAR VE YENI TRKNOLOJIK ARACLARIN GELISTIRILMESI IÇIN GEREKLI OLAN ŞEY,  AIRBUS, BOING,   FALCON GIBI UCAKLARIN SEYAHATLERDD KULKSNILAN ARAÇLARIN YA YANINA VEYA YRNI URETILEN BIR ARAÇ MODRLI GIBI PIYASAYA SURECEGINIZ BIR UÇAR HELIKOPTER GIBI YERINDEN KALAKACAK BELLI BIR MESAFEYE CIKTIKTAN SONRA NORMAL BIR UÇAK GIBI BAŞKA BIR ULKE( BURDA SELMA AY BJJU SARIYOR, KARNIMDAN HISSETTIM KENDI RUHUDA ORDA, VE DIYORKI , GORENIDE NERAK ARIYOR, IHSAN BURDAN BIZI BULDU DIYOR) VEYA KITAYA GÖRECEK BIR UÇAK, BIR UÇAK, ROKET GIBI KALKAN, VE HELİKOPTER DEGILDE STAR SHOP GIBI INEN BIR UÇAK,...
I can’t help but wonder what video and still cameras they are fitting in these satellites for VIP customers like NSA.  I mean, 60,000 low orbit spies - each like an SR71 only live data feed.  Add to that data mining of the internet feeds; wow what a trove!  I’ll bet that Starlink is well funded...
Star SHIP DIK UÇAK
Helikopter AIRBUS DIK UCAK
Airbus DIK UCAK
hi elon musk, where do the solar panels go on your starship. I really like that Super heavy has the legs for landing, just use harder metals. La starship Moon no necesita los Raptor s para aterrizar en tierra y podría usar tres SSM. Para mantener un basé en la Luna.
Antonie Luvusier Zplaese Destroyer GHOST, CO2 CIVA OKSIT HAMMADESI NEFIR, ENERJISI NE
Can i get 1000000$. Hahaha
The Next Gen Space fan. My 9 yrs old son. His channel is Shoaib Hub. Pls watch his videos
Congratulations SPACEX NASA choose you for moon mission 🥰🥰🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳 YOU ROCK SPACEX 🥰🥳🥳BEST OF LUCK FOR MOON  HOPE STAR SHIP SN 15 WILL BE A SUCCESSFUL  TEST 😎😎 BIG FAN 🥰🥰🥰
CONGRATULATIONS SPACEX TO WIN THE CONTRACT TO MAKE THE HUMAN LUNAR LANDER UNDER THE ARTEMIS PROGRAM!❤️👍🥳🥳
2023 We have a boron mine in the year we will check out next month  SpaceX to meet in space
Idk if this is me being high of if it’s a good idea but Would it be smart to like send rockets and shit to the moon before Mars? Wouldn’t it take less momentum or something to get of Mars and into space if we prepared them in the moon and cuz of the moons gravitational force is weaker?
Efecan engelliyor çomak ,  sokuyor, dıştan müdahale, kendı kendine imha
Ne unuttum papdan alın
Mılyon yıllık Canlı hücre yeniden hayat buluyorsa, BIR VUCUDDA UZAY BOSLUGUNDA, HAVASIZ ORTAMDA, BIR INSAN VUCUDU, DIS ORTAMA KAPATILAN HUCRELER, VUCUD ICINDE DONDURULUR, ISI DEGIDIMLERINE GÖRE AYARLI, KUTUP VEYA BUZHANE DEGIL,SOGU AMA ISI DEGISIRSE HUCRE ZARAR GORMRMELI KORUMADA OLMALI, BURSA INSAN VÜCUDU NEYDEN GUC SAGLAYIP ENERGI ELDE EDECEK ,OKSIJEN YOK, NEFES ALIP VERMIYORSUN AMA CANLI YAŞAMI, VAR VÜCUDDA, HEM CANLI HEM CANSIZ YAŞAM, ELEKTON VE NÖTRON AKIMINDAN GÜÇ SAGLAMAK, GEZEGENLERDE ISE O ORTAMIN GAZ VE ATMOSFERINE UYGUN UYUM SAGLAYABILEN VUCUD ORGANLARI, OKSIJEN YERINE, GECMESI, ICIN HEM HAVA ILE HER GAZ KARBINDIOKSIT DAHIL, BITKISEL HAYAT DEĞIL,  BITKI FOTOSENTEZI,  AMA ONÉMLI OLAN UZAY BOŞLUĞUNDA HAVA YOK, VE CANLI HUCRESININ VUCUDUNDA DONUK KALMASI VE,  DONDURULMASI,
Achei o canal do Balian
Nice!!! Ilon mask futures!!!!
Its not a new tcnology (flyback-rockets). Military is using publik projekts like that to publish old secret military technology to make money with it. They just cant say- Oh its our old secret weapon and we dont need it anymore, because we have much better stuff now. We dont want to throw it away, do you want to by it for huge money?. Thats why we have cellphones and 5g today. First it was a secret military weapon-technology which is "recycled" for public use and trade to make money out of it. There are so many examples, could write a book!
Space X is just a weapon building projekt. A rocket with a virus or nuclear bomb on board, which do its deadly work and then comes back to get another load- is much cheaper than regular old technology. Elon Musk is the real Tony Stark!
I want the music.
Quem tá aqui pelo vídeo que o Balian postou e deu pra ver que ele tem um canal com esse nome kkkkkkkkkk comentem aí
Илон Маск это правда нас на Марс ответь ждёшь
Its not possible to get in space by rocket engines. The higher it gets, all the more power it looses. Because its a recoil system and needs atmosphere to repel. In space is no atmosphere to do that. I cant believe how so many people working on it and dont know anything about it. And believe in "flying" to planets by rocket engines.  Spacetravel one of the biggest fakes ever!
On descent, before touchdown you can Actually see the shadow of St1 on the landing platform deck as the legs extend to position, WOW, WHAT A WILD RIDE AND STUCK THAT LANDING !
It’s actually called a fire “tetrahedron.”
Nice video brother
Wow, amazing landing!!!!!
Ah Yes .. more space junk
18:48
I can't believe my eyes! Spectacular ! !
Unbelievable!
GEZEGENLERE KIMYASAL VE VE ATMOSFER GAZLARI ILE BIRLIKTE BOMBALAYIN
Selma Ay işbaşına vurdu metafizik olarak
I like how they’re exited over the camera angle and not the landing 😂 really shows how common it is
Senin işin bu zaten....
GEZEGENLERDE GAZLARI VE MADDELERI DÖNÜŞTÜRECEK OKSIJENE VE HIDROJENE SUYA DÖNÜŞTÜRECEK,  ATMOSMFER MAKINELERI LABARATOUAR ROBOTLARI ....
Marsa BITKI MAKINESIBANA AYNI ZAMANDA KIMYA LABURATAUAR ROBOTU,VEYA ÖYLE BIRSEY, , AMA BU ONDAN DEĞIL YANI ,ÖNCE GIDECEK UZAY GEMISI, GEZEGENE INIS KALKIS,  PLATFORM, MARS KARBONMONOKSIT , KARBONDIOKSIT ,IŞE GECMISTE YANMISTIR AMA SU , GITMESI GEREKLI,  VE ORDA SABIT BIR UZAY ARACI GEZEGENIN DISANDA BEKLERKEN, DIGER BIR UZAY ARACI, SUNYADAN TAKVIYE ERZAK MALZEME GETIRTMELI,
JUPITER HIDROJEN, BIRAZ OKSIJEN VE ORDAKI GAZLARI BIRBIRIYLE OTOMATIK SEKILDE BIRBIRINE (DONUSTURECEK )BIR LABARATUAR UZAY ARACI,  VE ORDA MADEM SU HIDROJENINDE H2O OLDUGUNU BILIYORSUNUZ, ÖYLE BIR MAKINE ICAD EDIP JUPITERE YOLLAMIYORSUNUZ
Starlink EMF from its lower orbitting chain of communication satellites, causes small microparticles on the ground (including virions and prions) normally too small to become airborne. The virvation from these new lower orbit frequencies causes tiny particles to be charged with kinetic energy, lifted into the air... And you breathe them in.  Another, perfect example of this, is the Diamond Cruise Princess liners. They used a similar system called 'medallionnet', used SOLELY on those ships. Coronavirus didn't appear from nowhere on those ships, out at sea... It was already lying on the ground, on the decks, on the handrails, on the fabric seats.   https://youtu.be/QcTpc0L3XNQ  Introduce a bit of 'static' from a high GHz and boom... It's released in the air, you breath it in, and the virion capsid disolves when it touches your mucus membranes, and hey presto, it is now a 'virus' as it's in your cells, hijacking them and reproducing itself. Virions and Prions are bits of genetic junk leftover, and there are literally trillions of them on the land, in the sea, and in the air, even in our 'trophosphere'   https://youtu.be/wvJAgrUBF4w  If a layer of dust is still, on a glass coffee table... What happens to the dust if you make the table vibrate?   The recent CJD looking diseas that has broke out in Canada, a cluster of neurological disease in 43 people... Again... I put this down to micro 'prion' particles, again being stimulated By EMF vibrational waves, charged with kinetic energy, and lifted from the ground in that particular area. Be interesting to see how many Space-X satellites are installed in New Brunswick Province.  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/mar/30/mystery-brain-disorder-baffles-canadian-medicine  This is called 'The Van Dali Hypothesis', and has yet to be acknowledged, challenged or proven wrong by The WHO, The Scottish Government, the UK government... Or medallionnet and starlink themselves. Not one of these people... Have taken up the gauntlet, to disprove this scientific hypothesis...  https://twitter.com/VanDaliMediaUK/status/1377532690711379969?s=19
The landing was a scam?
Hello plz my chat send to Elon musk  I m very poor. Sir my aim is I m make like you. Sir I have no money to make like you sir plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz give me scolarship to study In IIT collage. Sir Elon musk plz read my chat to give some money approx 1millon to  2 million thankyou to read my chat  sir I feel to give money to start my study. 🙏🙏🙏 Thank you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuc2NiixEA0
How to cut waves of read thinking machine
It never does.   I finally got to watch it today (Monday April 9, 2021) with my kids while eating dinner.  We all got excited watching the booster land in the daytime
Elon, anyone. This is Brandon. I just tried applying for an internship. I know it may appear sloppy but I’m losing sleep. Lol. I just want to take your fucking trash out please. I’ll do it for FREE.
The best telemetry in the world !
#roch #sauquere doit rigoler....
Something isn't right with this company.
Only way humanity(besides genetic manipulation to remove urge of exploitation thus removing wars) will survive is space stations. That is because if you think how thin layer is atmosphere and also how thin layer is oceans. It does not take much of change in climate for all that blue stuff to vaporize into space. Or meeting with a comet could make much harder environment. Consider how close ice age was to our times as a remainder of that supersensitivity. But if human race can use genetic engineering to be able to take radiation and also to be able to function in weightlessness it will gain ability to get to the next level. Must be independent of any planet.
Wow!! Beautiful!!! I couldn’t imagine the speed of 26857 mph, insane!!! Excellent job Space X
Super
сегодня важнейший день для всех любителей космоса, ровно 60 лет назад человечество впервые отправило туда человека, прости Юра мы все проЕебали, Илон спасибо что гнешь эту линию, с праздником товарищи, с днем космонавтики!!!!!!!!
Piola 🥵🤑
can you please tell me how many armpits is wide the field on "of course i still love you" ? i get it's almost 200 feet, but i don't use feet for measurements. i use armpits
Her voice though ...
The technologies is way beyond my imagination.  I can see a light of going to space travel in my lifetime.
i'm 14 years old boy from india. I'm getting inspired by you. If you read this comment then i'll be so so so much thankful to you. I salute you Elon Reeve Musk... 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲
Wow amazing, I am a Indian 🇮🇳
1:02:55 Cosmic particles started to fly near Stage2 engine?!
I wonder if the landing pads were magnetized if you could more easily control a fast descent or aligning its landing. divert the remaining ship's power to the pads and charge the ground pads. in the dream I had, the ship was using that electrical winding as an alternative energy source
Hi elon
by seeing this everyone knows the universe, thanks space x.
I like working to these streams, I get a break when something interesting happens, and I get nice space jams to listen to while working
Unreal, seeing the ocean get closer and closer from Stage 1 camera!
who else is dealing with super long connection issues with only youtube working? ive rebooted my satellite multiple times, no cable issues, and it just wont let me use anything other than youtube.
Better camera shot of stage one landing "WOW"way to go
fabulousus
What happens to the 2nd stage after satellite deploy ? I guess it re-enters the atmosphere and burns up, is there any images of that ? The onboard cameras are still working, right ?
Please launch in india soon
Sn10 is not working in sfs
The sun rising from behind earth when the satellites was deployed was incredible! Fantastic timing!
Check out L.A.B NZ Kiwi band good vibes and feel good grooves people. YouTube that👍🚀💫📡🏄‍♂️
Iv been watching the Starship launches, so it’s a little strange too watch a SpaceX launch without the likely hood that it will explode at some point.
The hurried drama disappointedly fool because glass formerly refuse besides a bloody touch. slim, protective court
I hope one day i can do this with him
meco view from earth, amazing
18:46 THAT'S WHERE 10 9 8 7...
Why don't you guys electronically stabilize those very long ground camera shots?  Doesn't seem like it  would be difficult, at all, likely there is possibly even free software to do this.  Then you don't have two dots dancing and vibrating all over the screen.  Also, some G telemetry shown might be kind of cool.  The on booster down view vid during final descent was VERY cool!
why is the landing of the first stage booster so difficult to translate to starship?
Youmei Zhou, dragon propulsion engineer.. nice to meet you.. please bring back Jessie Anderson.. Thank you
Hi Jessie Anderson!!.. my favorite spacex lead manufacturing engineer and commentator
tell me about the background noise that's coming from the headquarters.
1:04:19 i love you too of course lol
Affordable planetary internet,,, YOU GUYS ROCK, Thank YOU Elon Musk and SpaceX & StarLink teams,,, much respect! 🤩  PEACE, HEALTH & TRUTH 🌍🌎🌏
But you guys do know that spacex ships humans for alien consumption right? I mean I don’t care if you decide to go because that’s your free will. Just hope you guys know what you’re doing when you sign up.
https://youtu.be/MAsW7cdcu1k
JESSIE - Possibly the best commentator Space X has, and should expand to NASA Missions as well, they could learn a thing or two.  Keep up the good work.
Cool stuff
Eagerly awaiting my starlink internet. Philippines internet is the world’s worst and we have proof to back this claim
Wow that amazing landing shot gives a cold wind to my soul. Never miss a single launch!!! Love you SpaceX and its team.
My dream is to become a mechatronics engineer   But it's only a dream  😅
Oh, did the FAA make it to the launch in time?
17:57
Had the honor of seeing this live at Kennedy Space Center yesterday. I can’t put it into words how it was. It was the first launch I had ever seen in person and it was a good one.
Душа замирает!
That Second stage Landing Footage was Absolutely Fantastic and Class.
U people are playing in the heavens !! God's realm that's why the  space shuttle never blew up the japanese teacher from big island in the 80 just don't get it 👊🤔🌎
Does anyone know the name of the tune at the beginning of the webcast with the SpaceX logo?
The landing is Satisfying
Маск!  Рогозина на орбиту забери. Пусть полетает.
I loved everything about this , Thank you spaceX Starlink👍👍😎, and while I was at night burning a campfire I got to see the train of 🛰️🛰️🛰️🛰️ satellites it was so cool to see , I actually liked that, and I can't wait to get my starlink internet I signed up for in East Texas here, Im in a area where I only have low bandwidth cellular internet and viasat and hughsnet is too expensive , so I sit waiting on Elon Musk's starlink internet 😎👍🛰️🛰️🛰️🛰️
I want a JOB with space x I Can wash the booster or join the engineering staff
covid-19 + vaccines + 5G + starlink + neural link + false messiah = blue beam project?
SpaceX is involved in the eternal process of the church.  They're the alien Decendants from Mars, here on earth to destroy your soul.  How? By converting your human soul into Anti-Matter to power their spaceships.  An eternal endless source of energy.  And their leader is Jesus Christ, Annunaki Reptelian. That's what's up with the big push to get to Mars, it's where they're from. EVIL!!!!!!!!!!
Huge congrats
This is the most important post you’ll ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake.  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward ( Romans 10:9 ).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because death waits for no one; Your tomorrow is not guaranteed... And as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self  🔻
Stage 1 landing was one of the coolest things I’ve ever seen
I'm really digging these toons
Incredible. Here’s hoping they cover parts of Australia as I’ve signed and paid up and can’t wait to abandon our nbn failure.
4 minutes of music. If i need to hear music i can turn on my hifi
Giving flat-earthers migraines.
This 5G network is a military grade weapon  that will subdue the population. No worries though, China is gonna wipe it out of orbit eventually.
Commenting to be a part of history
no one asked you to put this crap in the sky and u did it anyway. u dont care about the human race. u want to defile it.
I'm not sure if I even like the idea of polluted night sky with all those satellites :/
https://youtu.be/ZCHHUKGz7DE
How do you come with the names of the recovery ships?
Falcon 9 is the most proven and most reliable operational American rocket.
I just want see space X landing because is beautiful 🥰🚀
WOW WOW WOW need I say more .
yaaaaa 934 commet!
So all these idiots are parading around playing with space toys spending billions of dollars whilst the world is still in a ‘Pandemic’ and people are starving, killing them selves and crying out for help. PRIORITIES PLEASE WAKE UP
Would like to actually watch this video but I can not because I do not have internet. Coming down to Tennessee anytime soon Starlink?
Cgi has gone a long way! Bravo!
This is the largest scam in modern day history. Funny how all rockets eventually turn down because there's a dome they have to avoid. You frauds.
Superb view on the landing!! Well done SpaceX! 👏👏👏
i dunno, maybe stop hiring for PC -points, and hire based upon competency......NONE of your presenters are even moderately "credible".............shaky voicing, not in-depth in the terminology........it is so obvious when you hire someone who is inept merely for the appearance................i cannot trust an entity that does this to safely transport myself nor my cargo.......HIRE based ON SKILL, not SJW sycophancy
Humans are so easily brainwashed by things they see on the black box
These Kerbal space program mods look SICK!
Does anyone know or have a good guess of how many satellites they’ll need to start actual service in North America?
It never gets old :)
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23- For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
5g star link covid vaccines sounds like you're making skynet
>:( In the background all the cameras that werent online were working>:(
This is beautiful
We are living in the future
This is acutally space porn ... just love it 😊
Holy shit this really put into perspective the accuracy of landing in the middle of the ocean!
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular? 2. Save the whales. Collect the whole set. 3. Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 4. We have enough youth. How about a fountain of "Smart"? 5. He who laughs last thinks slowest. 6. As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools. 7. Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot. 8.  Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. 9. A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries. 10. I went to the fights, and a hockey game broke out.  Editorial:   Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.
That was deadly landing.. Great job spacex
yes
I was just thinking maybe the bigger rocket forgive me for not recalling the name .Maybe it blew up on landing because there wasnt enough clearance for all the heat the massive rocket was putting out .so I was thinking if the landing legs were longer there would be more clearance .or its the obvious and it was just cominng in to fast
That landing footage is awesome. 👍
1:04:20 "Of course I still love you" Huh 🤔???
What a time to be alive
I know I've watched like 40 launches and landings at this point but man, it really just doesn't get old! It's mind blowing stuff!
amazing, blink and you missed it ! what a landing
What's the purpose of this
SpaceX is making space exploration so common place that my 9 yo son passed on watching it live...
Fire!!!!!
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
Is no one gonna say anything about Jessie looking amazing! And her webcasts are always on point! Great work!
Wow, fantastic job SpaceX !!!Starlink is the answers,of the Philippines internet connection problems.. too slow and so expensive.....
Congrats ladies and gents. That landing footage tho 👍
https://youtu.be/Ukoy2KjKP-c
well done ,,,,,,, love from bangladesh
Jessie is my favourite. <3
WOW!!!
Rockets are fast these days..
at 1:05:10 there is stuff flying in front of the camera. what is that?
You know you’re early when there’s no Flat Earthers 100%!
People who think this is real still believe Alex Jones is not Bill Hicks. Despite them both having the same childhood best friend they never met!
Best landing footage I have seen on a drone ship
100% CGI. Anybody think this is real?
Wow
Can I just say I love Kate’s voice!
Kaum otak datar menangis melihat ini
21:49 Hi SpaceX. Any possibility of improving object tracking at this point? Asking for a friend.
Elon Musk is wasting his money with this one. He can eradicate global hunger with this wasted money.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdJlYHQeH6FLxdPS9H6Vm8Q
Even after  79 successful landing, it is still really awesome !!!! Go Space X!
Bad landing!  It didn't land EXACTLY in the middle of the circle! >_<
SpaceX as always a very nice launch. But some of us older people never has used the metric system. How nice would it be to also show altitude in MILES and also speed in MPH on the display. I know you can do this with you system. Otherwise we have to use our brain or calculator to figure that 26857 KM/H is 16,688.17 MPH and 274 KM is 170.2557 Miles. It would be very nice to also see this display, after all we are in America and not in Europe or Africa.......
Pulled a fast one on us with that presenter switch but still a nice launch and landing 🤷‍♂️
*The following is happening in our World and no one is noticing.*  1. Armageddon is about 4 action events.    1st horse, Bow = *Send* it.    2nd horse, Sword = *Strike* it.    3rd horse, Scales = *Split* it.    4th horse, Fire = *Sear* it.     That ='s Our planet for the last 2 years have averaged 3.23 Rockets a day into space.    That's hundreds of rockets we've *Send*/sent up.    We've sent close to a 1000 Rockets/with Elon saying he's sending another 1000.    They are *weapons* designed to stop "Wormwood" in the book of Revelation in the Bible.    All Telescopes on this planet are pointing in the same direction.    Elon is building underground tunnels in major cities.    "Wormwood" is going to hit the PACIFIC OCEAN. *EVACUATE*.    All the ELITE TOP COMPANIES ARE EVACUATING THE PACIFIC COASTS...SO SHOULD YOU!!!  2. "The mark of the beast".       Take 3 6's and place them in a circle and you have a virus warning symbol.     But the Mark is the VACCINE. And because it is a global problem it will demand a global solution.     *The Vaccine will be given Airborne and it will land on your forehead and hands.*     It will try to alter Chromosome 7 lamb1.     It is during these moments where the Bible mentions: *You will wish the mountains to fall on you.*     And this is also the moment where the Bible mentions: The "few" and the "many".     "Few" will die from this Vaccine (millions) and "many" will live (billions).     This vaccine will cure all diseases BUT it will not remove the Pain from any injuries you receive.     That is the moment of the "delusion" mentioned in Revelations.      If you get a cut or any injury, the pain will never go away, they just keep building up.     You will wish the "mountains to fall on you".     666 (six - sick - sicknesses) <->  *Six species of human corona viruses are known* ,      with some species subdivided into two different strains,          making seven strains of human corona viruses altogether.      Rev. 13:16 is referring to those who DIDN'T make the rapture of the church (The "born again" PEOPLE).  What you and I are discussing is correlated with the 4 Horsemen (the timing).   1st Horseman is the Bow (SEND it). < That Horse rides as we speak. All the Rockets this Planet SENDS into Space are Weapons of mass Destruction targeted at "Wormwood". For almost 2 years now our Planet as sent almost 1000 Rockets into space and now we are averaging 3.23 a day. Elon just boasted within the past month how he intends to send a 1000 more.   BEFORE those ROCKETS touch "WORMWOOD", 2 EVENTS will happen. 1 Event will be the "RAPTURE" and 1 will be the "AIRBORNE VACCINE". < BOTH OF THESE EVENTS HAPPEN AT THE SAME TIME.  < The "AIRBORNE VACCINE" is the reason it happens.  I have to stop here and explain something. Our Souls are physically attached to Our flesh by Chromosome 7 lamb1. When a Person (truly) becomes "BORN AGAIN" Chromosome 7 lamb1 CHANGES. So now you have 2 different groups of People on the Planet. Those who are "born again" w/the altered "lamb1" and those who don't.  Now having said that. When the "AIRBORNE VACCINE" lands on your forehead and hands, it's going to try and alter Chromosome 7 lamb1 AGAIN. When it does, ONLY those who are "BORN AGAIN" will die. Those who don't have the altered "lamb1" will LIVE...and be able to buy and sell during the TIME OF THE ANTICHRIST. The "BORN AGAIN" People are people who have God's Holy Spirit INSIDE THEIR SOULS.  *God's Holy Spirit* isn't on this planet during the 7 years of the antichrist. His Spirit is raptured from this planet BEFORE THE 2ND HORSEMEN RIDES!!!!! (I'm throwing pearls, you better be getting this). <<<<and all of that can't happen till the "LAST SUPPER" (see my "Last Supper" video on my channel) is over.  Then the 2nd, 3rd and 4th Horsemen happen.  So once again. The "mark of the beast" is NOT A CHIP.  ITS THE COMING "AIRBORNE VACCINE". You must be "born again" before the "airborne" vaccine is given or you will be here for the 7 years of the antichrist.   3. The scorpions mentioned in Revelation 9:10.      There are satellites in space called HIVES.    Inside each of them are tiny rockets called BEES.    They are designed to Target all CELL PHONES.    CELL PHONES ARE HOMING DEVICES.    Buy cell phone Jammers now and be ready to save those around you when it happens.     Throw your phone and run if you feel in danger. Don't stand in the same spot.    Be prepared. Buy short wave walkies-talkies. They can have up to 5 mile capabilities.     They will be mercy killings by our governments because of the actions above with their missiles (for 5 Months after the asteroid hits).    They were just tested against that RV that blew up Tennessee. The reason the word "scorpions" was used?  What the person saw was a vision and then it ended up in Revelation. The "vision" He saw was long cylinder puffy clouds streaming from the skies, lots of them and at the end of each of those was a tiny little missile, but to the person having the vision, to him it looked like a bunch of scorpion tails or should I say cloud TRAILS.  Please I'm begging you to listen to what I've said. These events are happening right now. There's a *GRAVITATIONAL PULL HAPPENING.* ( *Wormwood (rock heading this way in space) of the book of Revelation* in the Bible ) Floods in the desserts of Saudi Arabia. Blizzards in Spain. Huge clouds, heavy rains and flash floods in Saudi deserts, Qunfudhah, Taif Mass fires in Brazil. Hot Spot - Ocean, & Scanning Yellowstone Super Volcano. 1/21/2021 Mass electrical storms in Turkey. Hot Spots & Scanning Yellowstone Super Volcano.. 1/17/2021 Neva River freezes, Saint Petersburg, Russia Volcanoes are activating around the Globe. Sewage fountains out of drains during floods in Cochabamba, Bolivia And more...! Luke 21:11  There will be great earthquakes, and in various places famines and pestilences. And there will be terrors and great signs from heaven.  I don't post links no more because YouTube removes them. This is so important that you help  me tell others. I didn't make anything up. If you get a moment come see what else I've discovered on my channel. But I beg you with all of my heart and soul to at least tell someone what you've read. Please at least do that. Nothing on my channel is monetized.  Folks, we are SENDing rockets into space to STRIKE a rock that the book of Revelation in the Bible calls "wormwood" and when those rockets SPLIT a piece will hit right above INDONESIA in the Pacific Waters and it will rock up and down the FIRE RING of the PACIFIC sending LAVA TO THE SKIES which will *SEAR* 2/3rds of this PLANET.  *I'M BEGGING YOU, HELP ME WARN OTHERS!*   You're thinking how can you believe me? I'm the guy who God showed where His Garden of Eden was ( *I can backup those words* if you come to my channel). *SOON A GLOBAL king WILL APPEAR, DON'T FOLLOW him he IS THE ANTICHRIST!*  NOTE: *SOON SOCIAL MEDIA WILL DISAPPEAR GO TO MY CHANNEL AND COPY MY COMMENTS AND VIDEOS SO YOU CAN SHARE WITH OTHERS ON DISKS. NOT ALL OF YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE HEAVEN (THE RAPTURE), YOU'LL BE THE REVOLUTIONIST FOR JESUS DURING THE 7 YEARS OF THE ANTICHRIST. BE READY TO HELP OTHERS. DURING THE 7 YEARS, THE ONLY WAY TO MAKE HEAVEN IS TO BE A MARTYR FOR THE CAUSE OF JESUS. YOU DON'T DO IT BECAUSE OF THE PAIN YOU FEEL. YOU DON'T DO IT BECAUSE YOUR SCARED. YOU ONLY DO IT BECAUSE YOU REALIZE WHAT A MISTAKE YOU MADE AND NOW YOUR WILLING TO GIVE YOUR LIFE FOR THE CAUSE OF JESUS. BE BOLD IN THOSE DAYS, OTHERS WILL BE WATCHING YOU AND WHAT YOU DO WILL INFLUENCE THEM. MAKE WISE CHOICES MY FRIEND. THERE IS A CELEBRATION IN HEAVEN EACH TIME SOMEONE COMES TO THE SAVING KNOWLEDGE OF JESUS. DON'T LET EVIL STEAL YOURS AWAY FROM YOU. STAND STRONG AND WHEN I SEE YOU I'LL GIVE YOU A BIG HUG AND A KISS ON THE NECK AND WE'LL CELEBRATE FOR ALL ETERNITY!*
I wonder why we can only afford two bad cameras. Instead of 5 good ones
Yankee ingenuity! Congratulations to all!
Who pays for this? How do they make money to do this?
Finally some decent landing footage. I remember early in the Falcon era they had some really good atmospheric entry footage......don't see that really anymore plus the usual dropout  for landing. Heck, I would even be happy for delayed footage if they could get falcon to downlink to the landing ship, store the data and then stream it after it's already landed.
And just think Trump is smarter than scientists!
I love the Intro so much
Life really is on some star wars shit
27:28 Booster landing
How is exactly the stage 1 pinpointing the drone ship?
THE END IS NEAR!!! REPENT..BE SAVED TODAY!!  Whosoever shall call upon the name of JESUS shall be saved! - Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life, no one cometh to the Father but through Him.
Ok just asking and please no bad mojo! Is Starlink "Magmar"? Because last time Starlink was kicked on it became Magmar! 😶 No joke! Love you NASA!
Is this the clearest landing view on ocean so far?
Finally, instead of camera cutting off on the drone ship and finding ways to solve around this problem, why not just show the live feed from the rockets themselves :)
I always skip to stage 1 landing
Unemployed for 7 months.... Can't seem to make a MARS Ride Vid...  But I am Down Elon.. Sign Me Up!!  When is the Announcement for the 4th person????
absolutely amazing
So, 2nd Stage just keeps going,??  with those Beautiful Merlins???  Take ME as the next , "Cargo/Counterweight".. Me in a Cybertruck.. I'd do it for you man.. To infinity..... (or Mars)
Why it is not going vertically up into space? What is with the horizontal flight?  https://youtu.be/kRAzuAVbyX0
Elon, .....Please let Jessie continue to do the walk- through for us.......the new girl is Fumbling, and nervous sounding...., .... urrgh!  Jessie A.  Rocks!  US  Navy Corpsman here, ....broke as hell.  I'd do anything to work for you Elon.  Jus Sayin.
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
I was here, in person
Can someone explain what is all the stuff flying around at 1:03:33?
Nice presenter and like the info shown on the bottom of the screen. I was missing that info in previous streams.
Does Grimes do the music for these SpaceX videos? That song in the beginning of the stream definitely sounds like something she would make.
After a long time falcon sees daylight
I though SpaceX has shown us all Falcon tricks and tactics, but i was wrong. Again. What a wonderful uninterrupted footage of landing. Just WOW!
Think I know what I want for Christmas.
elon musk
That landing view was absolutely AMAZEBALLS!
How come we never get actual good footage of space? Does it even exist lmao
Somone in dallas freaking out about it saying he was high and shit lmao pinche satellite pendejo
Still awesome go SpaceX thank you for inspiring a whole new space race which yall are clearly wining lol
WOW!! I signed up yesterday
Just saw a light train that was sparkling and crossing the night sky here in the SF bay area.  It was coming from the Northwest and was headed to the Southeast. I thought hey what the hell is that and then I remembered that there was a Space X launch today.  Awesome to see Elons fingerprint in the sky.  It was moving fast and very cool to see.  Starlink could and should revolutionize the internet and it is great to see it streak across our sky as well as being able to watch these amazing launch and deployment videos.  No other company is as cool as SpaceX allowing the world to watch them.  Boeing would never let the public see videos like this.  You rock SpaceX and keep on Space Truckin.
wake up people no one went to the moon and nothing has been launched to space
Lmao niggas not going no where
@spacex FC (I think) totally said like a stoner, 'mvac chillin' and I like it!
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you! ❤️ Never give up on your life! 🙏🏼
Wait, are there still people who still believe that we are going to space with rockets anymore?  Everyone who can do even a half hour of research into propulsion can see that Rockets have been outdated since they even came into being.   On a side note, there are documents from the 15th or 16th century, that are literal blueprints for a rocket.   It only takes a half-day of research to see that we're being bamboozled.  By pretending technology is more primitive than it really is, those who actually pull the puppet strings on this Earth can keep the Real tech for themselves and run things from the Shadows essentially.  Think about it... if you had an Antigravity craft like a UFO that can make 90 degree turns at thousands of miles per hour,.. well, you could wage war on the entire military complex of the world and barely break a sweat.   Every other aspect of technology has advanced exponentially over the last century except for rocket propulsion? That doesn't sound right to me... if you don't believe me, I think about the device you're actually reading the song and then pretend you're in the 50s and then in the 19 hundreds..   I mean come on peoples
What happens to the second stage after the satellites are deployed?
when  may the jettisioned rod at deployment remain an orbital debris?
WOW that landing footage!!
🚀 You rock it, every, single, time!
Masss
For a company Unique like it is Capability isn't a justification Keep it real and spell the caps yadada SPACE X
I like unregulated monopoly. You can do whatever you want and squeeze the every last penny out of consumer.
I see that their still deploying the Skynet. Be  fore warn
🔥🔥🔥
where are the stars?
Rip to flat earthers once again
My dad saw them in the sky and weren’t sure what they were
Why do I cry when I watch these?
I am luckiest to born this Elon Musk era and this man fully winner person of this era.
1:03:35 what was that?! 😳
all CGI
Bet Elon himself picked up that background song
Amazing internet footage in the sky but my signal drops everytime I go through the valley 🤣
Superb
Anyone else wondering if Grimes composed the intro music?
Has Jessie Anderson been working out? She looks fit💪🏻
Thank you SpaceX for your continued efforts to connect us Globally, for your stunning camera views and generosity to share progress with us openly. The clear comms today were brilliant. Clear comms, both stage telemetry & Jessie Anderson.. what more could we need!
in future Mars will also have Starlink internet?
Hahahahaha Space Force!!! Hahahhaa what idiot decided to name the base space force station?!?
This was disappointing: No video from either stage during MECO, etc, on such a beautiful day. Would have loved to have seen earth in the background :( Ok, the Stage 1 landing cameras made up for all that. That was AWESOME!
Loving the the new booster landing view.
SpaceX pretty much owns the US space industry now. Just the raw number of successful launches in the last 12 months vs. NASA it’s no contest.
This just never gets old 👍
Hey Elon... your rocket landed right of centre.... just saying....
Wow, 79. What a view! 7th for this booster.  Every time is so amazing, Go SpaceX team. Booster view, like, oh-ya this is happening! :)
No rocket-mounted view of stage 1 separation this time but.. BEST views of stage 1 return to drone ship Of Course I Still Love You 😀
Rather no speak, its the same story every time now!
It's now so easy to dump more junk in space... God help us.
I love the new view from the booster looking down. Great job.
it was aight
ELON !!!!!  YOUR KIDS HAVE THE RIGHT STUFF !!!!!
1:06:00 at 1:06:25. Can someone explain what's little like sand (white point) crossing camera view?
First they loose the camera.... Then they stream the amazing pov... i cannot decide if they are improving or not
Jessie's my favorite SpaceX announcer.
OF COURSE I STILL LOVE YOU!!  NEVER LOOKED BETTER!!  KUDOS, KIDS!!!!!
YEEEEE ---  HHAAWWWWH !!!!!!!!!
Starfox please.
Starlink is great man im super impressed. But the day I got my kit I saw the cable company running internet down my road 😂
Where do I download this music?
I live in northern Wisconsin I’ve applied for starlink beta on day 1 and got money down on a dish. Can I please have internet already :(
I only watch these for the landings.
I cringe every time I hear the words "Space Force"... Can't we just fix that and pretend it never happened?
It's always fun to watch this stuff
Love it, but I just wish they could sort out the camera on the recovery ship.
AMAZING seeing a falcon 9 launching again in broad daylight and that onboard cam of F9 was epic! 👍👍👍.. thanks spacex
26:28 1st stage best view ever!
Something went terribly wrong with the on ship cameras.
it is a surprise show how the 1st stage landing from the perspective of the booster view camera
Meh
Best footage yet. Is SpaceX using Starlink internet to capture this footage now? Looks like they stepped up their camera game.
Jessie Anderson is such a sweet heart
Jessie and Kate are proof that brains are BEAUTIFUL....go SpaceX!!
There lieing to our faces AGAIN?
I want to see a video with a camera on the tip of the rocket
Why was the earth not blue like on the discovery channel ???
Nice!
I find that countdown woman's voice very anticlimactic.
Whats the music in this!?!??!?!?!?!
Does not get old.
When you consider all the modern technology that the old Apollo Nasa didnt have yet regardless achieved so much,  its amazing to also think how far SpaceX has come in such a short period of time.  And how it all culminated on that very last orbit attempt being success.  Now SpaceX flys rockets in the manner which children of the 1950's drempt in comic books and cartoons.
Always great to watch,anyway you guys can get the meco more central in the camera as it was almost out of view falling down to the left of the video,cheers,go Space X,you carry the future aspirations of all humanity.
Outstanding Starlink 23 mission. Amazing Falcon 9 cam landing burn coverage. I love it!
Love you SpaceX! So glad to be able to see these, how lucky.
Total BS!  CGI on steroids!
What will happen to the booster after detaching from deployed satellites?
OK SpaceX, you have proved many times that it is possible to land the booster safely. That is amazing, and I highly approve! Now, about your aim ... Since you got this challenge beat, how about playing in Hard Mode, see if you can get the landing precision down to like 2-3 meters? I know you can do it, YOU know you can do it, but WILL YOU MEET THE CHALLENGE? Again, amazing work to all of you, you put the ACE in SPACEflight.
The animation is pretty interesting if you watch the earth turn as the rocket travels around when your scrubbing (high speed).
Wow amazed me everytime!
Fifty years ago NASA set out to make space flight routine, relatively cheap and safe.  We were once told that if a shuttle got into trouble, no problem, they would just send up  rescue in a few days.  Unlike Space X they haven't achieved a single one of those goals at a cost of untold millions. What NASA does really well is unmanned scientific missions.  Even when they are over budget and years late they are still spectacularly successful.   Maybe that's what they should stick to.
One of the best views yet! That thing was dropping _fast_ and stopped on a dime inside that little circle.  Incredible !
White privilege is when a spoiled rich kid gets to steal money and waste it on a vanity project when  there's climate change and  life is being systematically destroyed.
Come on STARLINK !!!!!  Waiting for my Texas Panhandle order to arrive. Thanks Elon and Co.
I love these livestreams I wish I knew all the names There's: John Jessie Zach The -two- three that were on ORBCOMM 2 and Falcon Heavy Test I don't remember many other primary ones
Just never gets old.
I do not trust anything posted about SpaceX during the current White House administration.
How Do rocket find the landing area when it s landed?
Tracklist, please!
Did the girl interview Is crying cuz the voice looks like
just wondering if the satellites are in low orbit Like the ISS once was and they move the ISS up because debris was hitting it wont these little satellites copp a pounding from that same debris.
Why only one Falcon 9? Why not a Falcon Heavy with the other two boosters? Appears to be the same payload as before. Hmmm.
Yay for more space junk! Y?
Nice to see a launch happen at a reasonable hour.
lol damn they make these landings look easy.
Woah The booster looked very jittery at the start of the landing burn
Such amazing job, unthinkable for mankind couple decades ago.
Comments are on?! Are they usually on??
16:12 found it ekkkkkkkkk excitement xxx
When will Roane county West Virginia get starlink?
beautiful to see the landing from the rocket's perspective!
Xin chúc mừng, Starlink sắp về  Việt Nam, Mong chờ quá
congratulations greetings from Spain go ahead towards the stars.
That view of the landing burn on the drone ship was epic !
Whenever she mentions the drone ship "of course I still love you" I imagine some heart broken ex watching just so he can hear her say that. lol
I could listen to Ms. Anderson all day. She could be reading a dictionary and I'd still be entranced. So smooth. <3
dislikes from ROSCOSMOS employees?
Thanks to SpaceX, First stage recovery has become as normal as parking an airplane after use.
When i think about Elon i just get blown away! How can a person be this much successful without aim of government and etc. What a genius. I just wanna be like him🪐🙏🏻👌🏻🥇☄
Great awesome beautiful video I love it ✨🚀🐣🐥🐇🌈❤️
Totally sympathize with the presenter in the blue shirt; she seemed so nervous.  Not sure what her name is, but I hope she comes back to present again.  No need to be nervous, we are all just here to enjoy the launch anyway.  I also appreciate how SpaceX often has technically competent hosts (engineers, managers, etc).  I'd rather listen to "amateur" talking heads who actually know what they are talking about than some well polished PR expert with no understanding other than the script.
Amazing stage 1 landing views. Awesome!
It's good to have Jessica back in the saddle!
It’s nice to think that by the time I retire, in a few years, I can get 200-300 Mb internet wherever I settle down. Elon and his team made it possible. And are forcing everyone else to compete.
Why 5 min "Intro" ?
Whats all the bright dots at 1hr 6 20?
These livestreams just keep getting more awesome. Love the on-booster camera view of the landing and the added first stage telemetry.
Американцы не болтают, они делают, молодцы!!!
That chick has terrible hair.
Congrats SpaceX !!!!!!!!!!
Looking forward to a beast of a internet connection!
My country is still the night your stream 3 years ago which means my state is 01.00 AM, which indonesia.  By the way i have subscribe your channel
That landing footage!! Just epic 🚀
I thought Phub had great POV videos this is a close second.
Wow... talk about nailing it with that beautiful 1st stage landing!  So cool!
I enjoyed watching Starlink satellites being deployed, using Starlink internet to watch the stream. The future is really cool.
Holle happy Easter space X to all the people ✨🐇🐇🐇🐇🚀🧑🏻‍🚀📡🐥🐣🐥🐣🐥🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚✨🚀
The booster coming back to earth never gets old!
27:30 that was epicccc
Ебанет?
Fantastic view. Wow!!!!
25:45 'We do not have the camera views right now'  Yo, whats that behind you on the screen? :D
152 flat pubis guys, disliked this
Amazing view from the booster, wow, Wow, WOw, WOW!  Thank you SpaceX, can we now ask for a "fairing cam"?
My Dishy is loving it!!!
East coast of America to London, England in 20 minutes? wow
Good record on capture 1.
After launch of sattelites where does go the second stage rocket?
Excellent commentary, ladies. Thanks!
All those thumbs down are from flat earthers 🤣😂
Go SpaceX! 🚀
It's always comforting to have Jessie at the helm with all these starlink satelite broadcasts.
Imagine traveling at 7700 KM/H!!  Insane!
Hey! Did you all see it snowing during SES 2??? Wow!
Its always better when jessie is hosting.
真屌，回收成功
Лайк за музыку👍
Thank You Elon. Thank You All  SpaceX Workers!
so this is the 1 that didnt blow up
Love the new shot from 1st stage looking down toward the ship. I don’t recall ever seeing that before. It was great. Thank you SpaceX for your great coverage. Wish you great continued success in all of your endeavors.
That was a top quality "MVAC is chillin" 😎
18:43 T-15 seconds
damm that landing smoother than most of the driver on the road when facing a red light.
But still I would  love if camera is mounted some 50 or 100 hundred meters from Droneship and we could get to see both deoneship and landing first stage in a single frame..that would be definitely more enthralling..
Don't be silly. Of course I still love you.
This is amazing
Awesome landing shot
Yes the booster landed
TIME IS RUNNING OUT GET SAVED OR GET LEFT BEHIND .........JESUS has showed me in many powerful Holy spirit filled dreams and visions that the RAPTURE being Caught up is very soon to take place in the blink of an eye the trumpet shall sound and the dead in Christ shall rise first then I was shown BIG BEAUTIFUL ANGELS coming out of the sky taking ALL those in Christ and all the children in the world out of harms way . we were ALL taken up to heaven with Jesus . then the worst time ever in the history of the world will begin THE TRIBULATION . I was shown all those left behind will be LIED to. people on the news will say UFOs with Aliens took us or other made up lies and not the truth . people the world will be lied to because satan is in the detail and to all those who will be left behind please know JESUS TOOK US .... all bible prophecy is coming to pass every day at speed GOD is warning and showing us get saved through his son JESUS CHRIST who died and rose again to give you Eternal life in his kingdom John 3.16 . pray and ask JESUS today to be your lord and Savior ask him to forgive you of your sins and in that moment he will save and seal you in the holy spirit and give you eternal life Jesus LOVES YOU and wants NO one to perish . but ONLY JESUS has the power to save your soul . only those who are taken will see the GLORY of GOD as the Angels take us up to meet the lord in the air . those left behind will not . they will only witness in the blink of an eye people vanish from this world . we are in the end times please make today the day of your salvation because we are not promised tomorrow and when we leave we take nothing with us so please get your heart right with the lord . God put it strongly on my heart to send my message for all to hear and I speak the TRUTH no one knows the day or hour but we are in the season and we are the generation I was shown I will never die on this earth I am going UP in the rapture alive and so are ALL those in christ . God said in the last days he will pour out his spirit and give dreams and people all over the world are being told by Jesus he is coming to take us home God bless and sent with love Xx
Send them just order my equipment and hope these bad boys give me some good internet service
what's the blue line for ?
So do you think it is really necessary for satellites to social distance from each other.  I mean really?  Covid in space?  Enough is enough.
This NEVER gets old!!!
That's the best onboard landing video yet, SpaceX. Thank-you. Well done! 🚀
They don't want to give us footage anymore for some reason? clearly the cameras were working on both stages, wtf
HalleluYah Halabalo que vive. Hechos 2:21. Isaías 44:6. Emeth. ⏳⚖️
I am speaking to the asian looking girl, which was guiding us through the web cast. You are doing amazing job. Don't feel nervous, there is no reason for that. Keep doing :) hugs from Germany to you.
The landing was so sick I had to watch it 3 times
26:45 what's wrong with her voice ?? it looks a shaky voice anxiety !!  hey lady, be confident in yourself,
From someone who watched all the early launches from  Mercury right through to Apollo and the Shuttle missions, I am still truly amazed with the people who put these machines into orbit and beyond.  This just blows my mind how complicated it must be and how smart they are.  I am in awe.  They make it look so simple.  Congratulations to all involved.
How much is a stack of satellites? 64 of them?
Wow! Nice to see the landing in POV of the booster
New host butterflies on Ms Zhou showing just a little nervousness. Ya did just fine Youmei ! Ms Anderson is the usually 'nominal' standard ;)
Can't believe they kept the video link the whole way down, what an amazing view!
Круто!!!
This thing just went from Florida to Great Britain in exactly 20 minutes. I’d take that flight time any day
Unfortunate tribal name
26:50 we can't say that in SpaceX there isn't a good team. I only want to know which is the prize
Wow! She's smokin!
I can't wait to drop Centurylink
I want to see this view many more times. To the young engineer who spoke during the landing: Relax dear your english is fine if that concerns you. Take several deep breaths and put it out there. No need to tremble. SpaceX put you on the screen for a reason, it's your show, now own it. If you screw up it's only words. Who will remember or care tomorrow? We have seen the missions many times so we know what expect. The thing that really makes you a star is the work you do when you get back to your desk. Thank you all for working so hard!  SpaceX please cite the musical data more. Some do not Shazam.
ordered starlink today
Amazing work as usual SpaceX
Escuchas cuando despega dice buen vuelo.
Perfect music. Great touch!
look at how smoooooooooooooooooth that damn rocket landed oh my god.......and people say the starship is gonna fail just because it had some issues landing....just remember the falcon rocket landing tests...there were also failures....but look at the progress! the rocket landed itself like its doing it every day!  GO SPACEX
I already have no respect for them because they fail to understand the fact that social distancing does nothing. Sad.
The assorted oven trivially pass because cymbal ethnically nod except a brief cause. classy, rigid garage
After landing the booster successfully i lost interest to watch rest of the events. Whose with me?
Is this music by Elon Musk.🤣🤣🤣
The spotless class contrastingly fix because door genotypically fool times a giddy guarantee. rampant, lumpy wind
El si hace cosas buenas por la humanidad.
Grande elon Musk. Nuestro genio indiscutible.
Great job 🙏🏻🛰
Bet the 139 people who disliked are flat earthers
SpaceX is on steroids. So many things going on. Starlink Dragon cargo  Crew Dragon Starship and Super heavy Development  Boca Chika launch site.
The video out of sync glitch is proof the earth is flat.
Slap director of the broadcast, he left us without 1st and 2nd stages cameras till landing...
AMAZEBALLS!
Yay, Starlink!!💫
The girl in her dark blue sweater is trying her best. Lol. As someone who's very shy on stage and screen, i relates on a Quantum level.
The rate of speed loss during landing is amazing, it looks like it will just smash into the ship then just lands! Perfect. My robot hoover can't even find its dock! SpaceX robot hoover please. (First world problem solved)
when will Starlink be available for boating?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Love SpaceX! Jessie Anderson has become a really good presenter, she always explains her segments clearly and understands the technical stuff and cares about what shes saying.. but she also get my special prize this week for 6:08 and keeping a straight face talking about the Nutsack Indian Tribe in Whatcum County in Washington State. Next time two seats are free and Crew Dragon has a short window before a Return, they should offer Jessie Anderson and Kate Tice, seats on Crew Dragon to visit the ISS and broadcast the experience for great PR! They deserve it! <3
Sometimes it feels like technology is progressing slowly. Then you realize you're watching a rocket live stream it's landing on the internet and hear about satellites with ion thrusters. The future's here indeed.
[11:58] Engine Chill - Engines (Turbopumps) are cooled down to prevent temperature shock [14:27] Strongback Retract - The Transporter Erector lets go of the Falcon 9 and tilts away [17:57] Startup - The Falcon 9 flight computers take control of the countdown [18:58] Liftoff! [20:12] Max-Q - Period of maximum aerodynamic pressure on the Falcon 9 [21:34] MECO - Main Engine Cutoff [21:38] SES-1 - Second Engine Start 1 [22:07] Fairing Separation [25:43] Entry Burn - The first stage slows down during re-entry to prevent overheating [27:15] Landing Burn - The first stage slows down to 0 m/s for touchdown [27:34] Touchdown! [27:51] SECO-1 - Second Engine Cutoff 1 [1:04:53] SES-2 - Second Engine Start 2 [1:04:56] SECO-2 - Second Engine Cutoff 2 [1:23:15] Deployment of Satellites
the landing gave me goosebumps …. I even clapped
For the first Seven minutes and five seconds After launch it appeared as though SpaceX had Sold all of their Onboard Camers for extra revenue 💰but low & behold, after the re-entry burn and just before landing we got some video finally  26:06 into the broadcast, of the best shot to this date of the booster landing from the camera facing DOWN to the Droneship at 27:16  Good work.✅
So all this is done to give people a better gaming experience?
UNBELIEVABLE FOOTAGE!! Polar opposite of SN11 weather!
😌❤💙❤😌
that landing shot was amazing.
That was a SICK landing view 🤘
Wow
7:05 Trampoline | батут ?
Love the landing footage wow very cool.
Falcon 9 is the next Soyuz until Starship is fully operational
19:32 PoGo oScIlLaTiOn vIbEs
Seeing those rockets land will never get old
I'm finding it funny,  launching 60 communications satellites, but we can't get cameras on our rocket.
Smooooooooothest landing ever, congrats!
I just want their playlist
മലയാളികൾ ഉണ്ടോ  മലയാളി പവർ കാണിക്കു  💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
The landing accuracy is mind blowing. Damn
Missed the center of the landing circle, rookies
27:37  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only thing I wanted to see was not in the video.
Is it possible to put all the songs used in the live streams in the description or somewhere else please? Those are awesome! For some reason most of them can't be found using music recognition softwares.
Did the second stage booster come back?
The money part of the entire coverage at 27 min through 28:10 min.
video live feed from a moving rocket coming from space? sure will work perfectly video live feed from a stationary barge on earth, LOSE OF SIGNAL
Any one know what area of the world these are targeted for? I already know that early satellites were for Canada and the Northern USA. Can't wait :)
YEET!
2021: trade in for cars with dealer inspection 2077: trade in for rockets with launching videos
20:38 - Give the "MVaaac is chillin' " guy more lines and a raise. He makes rocket science even cooler (or, better said, more "chill").
That's cool but someday we won't be able to see the stars anymore...
27:27 Well, if at least that on-board camera doesn't cut out I can live with that solution.
Kudos to the camera team for that view on the first stage landing!
always amazing
Do You have a Radar tracking camera or some  guy tried to?
1:05:07 what is all that debris flying about
Jessie Anderson presentation is always awesome. Kudos.
Boosters are re-flying  so often you should start giving them names so we get more familiar/attached to them
Onboard booster landing views...genius.😍😍
Why stage 1 does never return to Cape Canaveral like before?
she sounds like she is about to start crying lol
little bit harder (touchdown) today?
So casual
I wanna go to space, but I don't have a quarter of the credentials of those talented four. Maybe one day...
Is this the first time we've seen that perspective of the droneship landing from the boosters? That really looks super great!
Amazing footage! Never gets boring! Thank you!
Bali seen from the International Space Station https://youtu.be/agz66qUwPMo
😍😍😍😍
For the algorithm
Thank you everyone at SpaceX, this is always good for the soul.  Question   Would it be possible to have a camera on one of these satellites so we can watch the solar array deploy and travel to its final position. I know nerdy, but still cool   Thank you   William J McCartan
(Note: No video from either stage until T +7.00) - 5:41 (T -13.17) Webcast Start - 12:08 (T -6.50) Introduction of the Inspiration 4, first all commercial space crew. - 14:35 (T -4.22) Strongback Retract - 16:06 (T -2.50) LOX Load Complete - 18:01 (T -0.57) Startup - 18:49 (T -0.10) 10 sec. Countdown - 18:59 (T -0.00) Liftoff - 20:21 (T +1.24) Max Q - 20:38 (T +1.42) "MVAC is Chillin'" (by request from @V. Neto) - 21:36 (T +2.39) MECO & Stage Separation - 21:53 (T +2.55) SES-1 - 22:06 (T +3.09) Fairing Separation - 25:43 (T +6.45) Entry Burn - 26:04 (T +7.07) Video acquisition from both stages - 27:12 (T +8.14) Landing Burn - 27:30 (T +8.32) Landing Leg Deploy (Excellent video from 2nd Stage of the landing on the droneship “Of Course I Still Love You”!) - 27:57 (T +8.59) SECO-1 - 28:08 (T +9.10) Stage 1 Nominal Orbital Insertion - 28:30 (T +9.33) End of first portion of webcast. - 1:03:08 (T +44.12) Begin second portion of webcast. - 1:04:51 (T +45.44) SES-2 & SECO-2 (this is a one sec. burn) - 1:05:18 (T +46.12) Confirm Orbital  - 1:06:00 (T +46.53) End second portion of webcast. - 1:22:06 (T +1.03.00) Begin third portion of webcast. - 1:23:15 (T +1.04.11) Starlink Satellite Deploy - 1:24:01 (T +1.04.00) Webcast End
Where can I track this starlink batch in real time? I mean THIS, the one they just launched.
Good landings are so commonplace that I've been paying attention to how centered they are in the circle. This one appears to be quite a bit off center, a little further and it would be extending out of the circle. Nevertheless, great job SpaceX team.
Why do they always lose signal on landing? Amazing btw
🥰👍
Is it true that Starlink satellites are being sold or used by military? Since Starlink 6, there are no stars  to be seen, only the Sun, Moon and planets when near. Can you please find out why this is happening and let me know? Thank you.
Now If I could just get my Starlink I ordered back in Jan that would be great!!! I cant wait!
18:42 T-15 seconds 20:11 Max Q (Maximum Aerodynamic Pressure) 21:36 MECO (Stage Separation)   22:05 Fairing Separation 25:40  Entry Burn 27:10 Landing Burn 1:23:15 Deploy of Starlink
Cyprus seen from the International Space Station https://youtu.be/89VkJ-RBgXA
French Riviera and Milan seen from the International Space Station https://youtu.be/m3h2zfcY_24
Man... Space is dusty af!
Comes to show even after a loss another success is well on the horizon. Another job well done. #onehumanrace
Absolutely unreal, the precision at landing
god i wish i owned an ion thruster .. or 2
Awesome video clips today of stage separation from the ground and the rocket landing from its own perspective. Simply beautiful and AMAZING!
Something is not quite right with this launch 🚀 🤔what’s going on Elon
That onboard Camera view of the first stage during landing was soo sick...
Could anyone explain why was there a sudden increase in the altitude during 57:48
haydi elon getir bize interneti
haydi elon getir bize interneti
haydi elon getir bize interneti
haydi elon getir bize interneti
awesomeness   Love the view from the top of stage 1 of the Landing   More of that PLEASE!!   🚀👍🤙
After following the Starship program for a while, it was really beautiful to watch a rocket fly all the way to orbit.
Finally the cameras didn’t go out 🙌
а кто нибудь считал сколько уже спутников Starlink на орбите?
I like it.
6:57 — What's _tele-mis'id_ ?
Nice one! Amazing as ever. I liked that the video from the landing camera from the booster wasn't cut.
Jessie Anderson is so damn FINE
F   R   A   U   D  S
I'm a Beta tester, the latency and the speed is great and keeps getting better, month by month. Keep up the good work. :-)
Congrats, This is Private industry @ Work. The Big  Government should step back and not impede or overcharge citizens Private industry aka a Businessman gets things done.. Great Technology.👌👍✌️🌎✌️
That was a clean landing view!
SpaceX launches will never get boring. Can't wait to see Falcon 9 launch Crew-2 in a few weeks.
More bandwidth
Thank you from France Space X, to give us those amazing views of the launch and landing in live stream !
I think it was about 10 years ago Elon Musk shared a video tour of SpaceX facility, I don't think I am alone, eager to see another tour of SpaceX facility, if possible by Elon Musk himself again.
Nasa cut elon musk from transmitting certain parts so that UFOs are not seen, this was the best thing SpaceX had, nasa is a pure 💩💩💩💩
Well done guys!
Does anyone else think Falcon 9 looks weird after seeing Starship for so long?
*WOA THAT STAGE 1 LANDING ON-BOARD VIEW WAS GREAT! KEEP IT UP SPACEX!!*
Spacex Nice very Nice!!!!
Cool landing footage
Some of these new tracks Shazam fails to recognize.  I wonder the titles, especially: 1:19:25 | 1:20:04
Congratulations!
Elon musk lover
Looking forward to Starship launch
Hii
Hi
Hi
GG
Hi
Hi
Why do they wait so much to deploy de legs?
Watching these makes me wish I was smart enough to work for Elon Musk.
Hi
Hi
They finally upgrade the camera!!
Hi
Hi
Elon musk
Congratulations
Congratulations
Congratulations
Congratulations
Congratulations
It became the new normal that rocket is recovered and all is going according to plan. SpaceX, great work!!!
Awesome first stage camera view for landing!!!  Congrats...looking forward to using Starlink on my RV someday!
Congratulations
Anchor is beautiful 💕😍
Elon musk lover
Why right at max-q (20:10) white smoke appeared? Is that a result of throttling down the engines?
Elon musk lover
Elon musk lover
Elon musk
Congratulations elon
Hii
Hii
Elon musk
I think this is the first time we've seen a droneship landing from the perspective of the booster. Absolutely amazing!
Congratulations sir
27:10 Landing Burn. (When the landing is more fascinating than the liftoff).
Nice
Ok that landing view WAS AWESOME!! Thanks SpaceX video team!
Congratulations
It is very nice to see the starlink train shine at night. I'm from Hamburg - Germany
How was this streamed one day ago? 🤷‍♂️
Amazing
You know you’re early when there’s no Flat Earthers
Those landing views were so smooth.
second ez
27:30 This view is so awesome!
Awesome!
Lets gooo
Youmei Zhou is a cutie! 💖
It's good to see a falcon 9 land after all the starship flights!
41 seconds
amazing times to be alive
CONGRATS TO EVERYONE ON ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL FLIGHT!!!
Nice 79th landing
Why were there 2 narrators?
<3 SpaceX <3 Love from Germany
What happened
CONGRATS TO ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL MISSION SPACEX!!!
Loved that camera view of first stage landing!
Great job SpaceX
The boosters are becoming so black that those who aren't familiar with Falcon 9 will think, the first stage of this rocket is painted black.
I think first EDIT: Second
First
