The big news, for me, is that I finally found a good use for wireless earbuds.
Loved the vid. Just a bit weird that a red t shirt wasnt clear enough, but legs in a shadow that could ve been anyone s (yes it was him) is counted
You got stuck with the wrong guy. 😂
This was actually really fun to watch
12:08 good point from Tom, but I feel like this is an exception where it actually DOES count (rather than, idk the Netherlands hill example in the jet lag round the worldh
7:45  Psst. You’re in Britain. You’re fine.
14:29 peak caption
cool
Sam predicted the future 3:34
Gotta love when the subtitle shows "That's [half as] interesting."
Well well well
3:34 Bro predicted the future
“You got stuck with the wrong guy. Take a left.” Ben is so self conscious of the fact that adam is much strategically smarter than him and I love it
Anything for more adam jetlag
3:33 "I'm i the thick of it!" 🤣
Who else is coming back here after seeing the latest Jet Lag trailer?
Anyone here who also knows about you know what happens in season 13 of Jet lag?
I am *_SO_* excited to see what y'all've got cooked up for this next season of Jet Lag. I'm kinda surprised it's taken 13 seasons to get to the U.K. but I guess better late than never
3:33 everbody knows, they know me where it snows, i skied in and they froze (im sorry)
this makes me very hopeful for the next season of jet lag the game!!
3:34 💀
2 years ago already.. im so hyped to see Tom with the jet lag team goin in England in season 13! :)
the rules of this game make zero sense and the two at home on their computers are doing next to nothing
this is the video that got me into jet lag! I’m excited for season 13!!!
Ben: "He is very powerful. He is very powerful foe and you should be very scared" I like how relaxed Ben is while trying to spook Sam.   I guess fear could be helpful if it made Sam more careful...   Sam had such a master move if he got Tom with the watch. I guess the no camping rule ruined it
Only true jet lag fans will know this is the original jet lag UK season featuring Tom Scott
Rewatching this in anticipation of the next season JetLag The Game :D
Six years to be on a full season. i can't wait for season 13
Where's Sam's backpack, be looks weird without one.
this video was my introduction to Jet Lag: The Game, and i've been a huge fan ever since! wonderful full circle moment to hear that tom is gonna be on the next season :D
I love how ben being ben confused tom so much
3:34 oh no
ben ben bebnnn
Foreshadowing
Who is here after the latest jet lag season in japan
Funny seeing this pop up in my recommendations again after seeing that Tom will be in the next season of Jet Lag
I found the background music too strong and distracting. Good plus episode.
It all comes together!
Now, after hearing he will return for Jet Lag season 13, I’m just practicing to see his moves.
And now, 2 years later, Tom is going to be on JetLag: The Game. Okay, but imagine if it's this, but on a much larger scale!
Youtube's algorithm doing nasty things here
I'm soooooooo excited for the next season of JetLag
Season 2 ;)
Well well well, full circle now huh
news recently come in, Tom Scott will be the guest on Season 13 of Jet Lag
Extremely excited that this will now be a whole season
Rewatching this, as we now know that tom is going to be on jet lag.
Sam didn’t listen to the rules? He had to follow what BEN SAYS not what SAM SAYS 🙄
Who is here after the announcement that Tom will actually feature on Season 13?
You joining the Jet Lag crew for a proper season was always inevitable. Back here after seeing the announcement... I'm really looking forward to watching it!
3:34 no way
I can't believe that 2 years later we are getting Tom in a season of Jet Lag at some point in '25
ohhh brother
This was how I learned about Jeg Lag, and now Tom is joining them!
Who’s here after the announcement that Tom’s going to be on Jet Lag UK?! Legit more exciting than when Robbie was back in Take That! 😂❤
this ben guy pisses me off so much
It took me three minutes to realise Adam is on a computer not a piano
huh, Tom has a weirdly good innate sense of cardinal directions... Is that a skill i can train? How?
3:35 what the-
Why has this just now popped up for me
3:34 welp this aged perfectly
3:34 Bro predicted Thick of It.
3:35 Everybody knows…
This is what Sam from Wendover looks like!?!? Im learning from Tomm Scott Plus!?!?
how are three barely visible legs identifiable yet a straight shot of tom's shirt isn't?
Seeing Ben and Sam teamed is so cursed,because Ben is always in a team with Adam when there's a team game
I watched this on release as a fan of Tom, but just recently I stated watching Wendover and Half as Interesting and then found Jet Lag, so double love seeing all the folks featuring here.
14:29 half as intersting
who wom
Having watched most of Jet Lag now, it's fun to see Ben and Sam on a team together. It looks like Ben would drive Sam crazy if they were on a team together for days
Nice game👍
I‘m a bit confused how the red shirt wasn’t identifiable but the dark legs were..?
I don't get it.
why does it feel like tom scott made a time machine and went 8 years into the future
TOM SCOTT FOR JET LAG SEASON 12
12:01 - 12:02 “Squeaky Bum Time” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 So British Humour!
Tom would be great as a guest on Jet Lag!
18:34 I had no idea camouflage worked that way!
14:30 I love the nod to HAI in the subs here
Who’s filming these bastards?
SMH
I really wonder if the picture sam got of the guy in the red shirt was him, because if so it feels like sam should have won. Especially since it was just the legs that later on were confirmed that they belonged to sam.
you made me spend my entire afternoon watching an international game of tag.
"I'm running, do I need to run? No absolutely not.. [abrupt silence]." - Tom
who was recording?
tom moves like a video game character
Me and my friends tryna get mugs of each other
14:34 Adam: "They should be directly to your right potentially" Tom: *Immediately looks left*
Wait is that a Geometry dash reference
yes sir
Tbh, the red shirt picture is much more identifiable than dhadowy legs
Ben saying “I thought you were vibing” 😅
Camera wars the game
I hope that Tom Scott will be the next guest member of Jet Lag: The Game. That would be awesome!
This video introduced me to jet lag and they are the best channel out there
'Let's jaywalk' - Sam, 2022, not knowing that it doesn't exist in the UK
This is as close as it gets to a UK season of Jet Lag
would love it if jet lag visited the UK for a series, they'd return the favour and let Tom be their guest
Even in guests shows Sam seems to lose 🤧
tom was so enthusiastic :D
Not to be a sour puss, but how does a photo of some legs count yet not a photo of a guy in a red shirt??  Don’t get me wrong, the video is a great “Jetlag” mini episode, yet the rules just seem inconsistent…  Although tbf, the same would apply for Jetlag itself…
This looks REALLY fun!
Now that Tom Scott doesn't do weekly uploads anymore... Any chance of seeing him in a future Jet Lag season?
Peer Gynt in the background was so maddening while well-suited at the same time!
I watched this entire thing and i still have no clue what its about other than a bewildered red shirted brit running around London
7:34 i wonder what the security guard thought at that moment
Amazing subtitles. Loved the reference at 14:29
What is the map you used?
This is the best crossover ever
NOOO THE RED PIC WAS GOOD ENOUGH !!!!
LMAOOO
Was this filmed before or after the second season of Tag Across Europe?
LMAO too hilarious watching Jet Lag members navigating others
The return crossover needs to happen Jetlagged Across Britain Sam & Tom Uñited vs Adam and Ben
It feels like Tom is listening mostly to Adam and Sam, being Ben’s boss, is talking with Ben and giving instructions.
Sam wearing a shirt that says "Get Lost" is so fitting
I love Tom Scott and jet lag so I’m so happy to see them in a video together
Not the best of shows here.
17:54 Why does that tree have a sixpack?
Coming back to this after watching all of Jet Lag, it's weird not seeing Ben and Adam on the same team.
Ben probably has in front of him a map with equal quality to the Grand Tour Mongolia map
I love this show so much! It brings me such joy!
The way I was just thinking watching the new season of Jet Lag, "it'd be interesting if they did a season where one person was strategizing while the other was on the board."
This is why I now watch jet lag
epik
they did the impossible. they split Ben and Adam
Big up squeaky bum time
Did not expect wendover to look like that
I love insanely intense video ideas like this, kinda reminda me of dream's minecrsft manhunt series combined with hide and seek!!😂🤔🤣
GO TOM!!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉
This is one of the most amazing, nerve wracking productions I have seen in a long time, you literally had me on the edge of my seat with adrenaline running through my veins! 10/10!
Wow!!!!!
NordVPN keeps working for you, and keeps spying on every user, generating unthinkable revenue from ad profiles
This episode on Tom Scott urban manhunt.
Tom Scott is rapidly approaching your location!
The crossover I didn't know I needed
Excellent!
i did not know the guy from Wendover Productions looked like this
I would so play this game. Come to Munich
Tom moves like a videogame character
4:43
Sam is no longer just a disembodied voice to me
Tom you're so good at these games!
they call someone with a red tee shirt inconclusive but a pair of legs counts?
sequel please
“SAM! ITS ME, JOHN GREEN”
"can see via my watch" Sam fulfilling what Tom predicted would happen. Finding a loophole or slightly unsportsmanlike move that still ends up in Sam losing
Any collaboration between Tom and Sam is going to be a great one, throw in Ben & Adam and it’s near guaranteed to be excellent 😁
why is it, that Sam always loses.
Pls part 2
7:22 video game character energy
Yes😂
I really wish I got this video recommended sooner it’s so good!
“You got stuck with the wrong guy” I can’t with Ben😂😂
when both parties you follow chases each other.   Tom and JetLaggers,  thanks!    Can't wait for your next videos.
THE COLLAB WE NEEDED BUT DIDN'T DESERVE
I NEVER expected the Half As Interesting guy to look like that!
tom i love you videos but you have such a nerdy run, the fists and the arms out
Tom: " I'll just wait for the light to turn gree.. ah good enought" *Camera swings to red light"
well i want to see your video operators more often ;)
2 guys hiding taking pictures in a park.. nah that doesnt seem odd at all :D
Sam moving on his own...isn't that against the rules?
this game would be so much better if they only knew each other's location every few minutes
Wow this colab is what I have been waiting for for a long time.
We Need Tom on a full season of Jet Lag
It's so funny when they mispronounc British roads
idk what I expected sam to look like but it sure as hell wasn't that
The red shirt has never been as much as a problem as this time - a red flag you may say
Ben and Adam are so funny and Sam and scot are so smart it’s hilarious that the handlers are the silly ones that’s why we love Jetlag
why does tom scott run like a video game character
Can I use Nord VPN to change my ip address to a state that allows sports betting from a state that doesn’t?
Good clabaration
Bruhhh, what a collab
We used to play this with CB Radios in cars and called it Fox Hunt. YOu would have a Fox and as many Hunters as you wanted. No GPS just using signal strength to triangulate.
I would actually love for these to be the same teams if Tom ever comes onto jet lagged Adam and Tom have good teamwork
Don't they have to like....follow the instructions of their guy completely? I feel like Sam kinda steamrolls a tiny bit and makes decisions for his team haha
Sam is...intensely type A hahaha I guess it works well with a good guy in the chair like Ben
ERLING HAALAND
Tom running for his life and Sam's just strolling 😂
Tom Scott has become "I chase this person around London" the channel
Hello, I follow you both, Tom and Sam (Half as Interesting - mostly). Seeing you together playing hide-and-seek in London - has been the top of enjoyment.  I like the contents you both produce, and since YouTube is mostly for pasttime, a funny game is just as good as a cultural video - because in the end, your works are the mirror of your personality; personality which is a big part, possibly the biggest, of why so many people watch your videos. Thanks to you both, Anthony  (from the UK)
The Thiefing Magpie as audio background. Genius...
HAI guy has a face?
"Let's jaywalk" - legal in the UK mate
So weird watching Jet Lag with separate camera people...
Was the red shirt tom, though? Seems the game wasnt having conclusive prove but just actually making the foto, ritgh? Awsome Video obvlsy.
How come sams pic of tom was unclear but toms pic of sam was clear?
Never would have guessed half as interesting would look like that
The red shirt pic didn't count because?
No. Do not use commercial VPNs. It's a security risk.
I’m sad no one got a bike
I feel like using his watch to view through his phone was cheating a bit 😉
Team Sam 🎉hehe
This proves one thing: you should never let Americans loose in London. The number of times I've been asked where Lye-sesTor Square is, the way to Glaw-sesTor Road, how do I find the river Thay-Meez? Is this the right train for War-wick Avenue?  There should be a sign in Heathrow, 'please leave your dollars at the Immigration desk on your way to the Departures lounge. Thank you.' Congratulations to Tom on a winning strategy. Loved it.
This is like the long awaited spiritual sequel of Breaking The News and I'm all here for it
14:30 the captions
That looks like loads of fun. I would love to try that game sometime. I thoroughly enjoyed this video.
I think the red shirt guy has a disadvantage since it’s harder to hide in a group.
"There are few things that I love more in the world than for Sam to have a complicated plan, and then for it to fail completely!" Adam, you have perfectly summarized my thoughts.
reminds me of a game me and my friends used to play called assassin. we would split up in town, and each of us would be sent a text with two names: who we were to kill, and who was trying to kill us.   the goal was to try and take a picture of our target and send them it via text without getting caught by the person trying to get you. if you got your target, you would text the group chat, and whoever was free was your next target.  never did win, but miss those days
I like these chasing games a lot, you should do more of them
eh.. manhunt is better.
Someone mighhht think he’s running from the police
I love the way Tom runs
It cannot be said enough how fantastic the camera work was here.
I love HAI
i <3 ben :)
Omg literally 3 weeks ago I started watching them
Thank you Tom for introducing me to the game, I've now watched the whole of Jet Lag the Game on their channel, and I really would enjoy seeing you fully participate in a series.
4:01 "you got stuck with the wrong guy" i love ben 😆
Finished
I recently found Jet lag and love their videos, the fact that you did a collaboration is amazing! :)
Sam and the rules have a tenable relationship, at the best.  Still great fun!
YESSSSS I LOVE JETLAG!! never saw this collaboration happening xD
I feel like this game would have been more fun if there was a 30 second delay in the trackers.
100% need Tom on a season of Jet Lagged...
Sure, Sam starting going directions before Ben said anything, that's against the rules! 😂
Shame he doesn't make good content any more, time to unsub
14:29 Nice subtitles 😂
Tom Scott is an NPC, prove me wrong.
This was awesome
Why is Tom having a backpack again?
"I'm running, do I need to run?" Something I ask myself everytime I start running
Next video: I chase mrwhosetheboss around London with an apple AirTag while he chases the jet lag team who are in an aeroplane of some sort.  😂
14:30 transcript: [half as] intreseting
How much lag did you have?
No more of these.
This was incredible I love it thank you Tom and all the others that worked for this masterpiece of entertainment❤
Tom reaaly do be calling Sam's loophole shenanigans out 😂😂😂 Definitely wouldn't mind watching nore of these; it's like a war zone, but the shot is non lethal. Ought to do all 'wars' like this..
I’m so glad you did this :)
this is the most unexpected cross over but it also makes alot of sense
You guys should start doing more educational videos together on each other's channels.
The best part to me is that this is a thing that grown men do haha I wish I had friends.
Bro tell me how is it that you are 20 and 60 at the same time
Dear Tom, please stop promoting someting like NordVPN. I think i dont have to explaine why, imo  you know enough to come to the same result, if you dig enough. But if you dont want to just DM me to talk about. Btw. I am a software developer and i am way to into this stuff
"i thought you were just vibing"  that was rough
2:50 I thinks thats sam
I love these!  Hope there will be more!
Adam is fun
When you’re trying to be a bbc presenter but you’re out of breath from running
At 15:45 it kinda reminds me of games that have like bad camera control.
Sam sometimes just moves on his own. I thought they needed to listen to the Guys on the laptops
this was so much fun to watch. I had no idea this was a thing :D
The timing on this coming out is goood
I don't understand how Tom can just run around central London unnoticed like that!
"I wonder if Tom's also gone for the defensive strategy."  Meanwhile Tom: _I want blood._
Knowing that no one officially wins is truly quite an unexpected ending.
"Here are the rules of the game: this is Sam!"  Okay, that's easy to remember.  Rule number one: this is Sam. Hopefully the rest of the rules are this simple...
...for Sam to have a complicated plan and for it to fail... Sums it up well
Tom scott plus with magnus mitbø or anton fomenko? We would love that SO much!
Best colab
This is weak. This game has the potential to be interesting but ends up being just two guys walking around.
The caption at 14:28
There should be a 5 min lag on the opponens location
I volunteer to give better directions and strategies next time you guys are in South Korea 😉👍🏼
the collab you didn't want, but we all needed.
2:49 i thought that was sam
round two please
The important question is: did Ben get drunk while filming this?
what a fun game!
the collab i didnt know i needed but its amazing
I wonder what's in Tom's backpack
No one : Caption team : "that's (half as) interesting"
quite entertaining but serious overdose of the word "like"
Does anyone know when Jet Lags new season comes out? I'm already missing it be apart of my Wednesday😭
"I am running. Do I need to run? No I absolutely do not" *scene cuts off before Tom gets into a Tom™ rant
I had to do a double-take, because I thought Sam ran past at 2:50
If only there had been Barristers in Chambers on this day, the wigs and gowns might have confused Sam so much😂
"You're near two fields" 😂
"Ok that's fascinating" Well this is off to a great start xD
Tom should have a change of tops in his bag and a hat or something, seeing as you both saw each other at the start..
The collab we didn't know we needed but loved.
What would you call this game, and what exactly is needed to play aside from phones?
You should play Pac-Manhattan sometime, it's really similar but needs a city with a regular grid
My heart is racing
Never thought I would be seeing this collaboration! I found Jet Lag's channel quite recently (from when they made the channel) and been following Tom a long time definitely didn't expect them to collaborate but wow you guys' need too again!
NO WAY???
OHMYGOD the crossover i’ve always needed WTF
My strategy: duck into a store, buy a hat, shirt, and pants as a disguise.  :-)
They ought to do a live action version of the Scotland Yard boardgame next!
INTP vs INTP
Sorry but i cant watch americans butchering place names for twenty mins
Boy that guy with the glasses directing is incredibly dull. Was getting bored watching him and he certainly seemed bored. Also he's terrible at directions.
For a minute i thought they were gonna walk past my house, but then i remembered i live in norway
Adam is undefeated in Jetlagggggggg!!!!!!
Why is the helper of Tom using a traditional map instead of the nice aerial/3d view like in Google Maps?
This should be played with more than 2 teams. 4 or even more people at once doing this would be awesome.
Add in a few more people, and you've got yourself a real life version of Scotland Yard. I'm happy to volunteer
I like Ben ahahaha
es
the crossover we never knew we needed
Sam: "I wonder if [Tom]'s also gone for the defensive strategy." tom: * Literally planning to do the exact opposite of a defensive strategy *
I thought it might be unfair having Adam as Tom's handler but then I remember how much Adam loves to beat his boss.
What the hell is this and would I be watching it if I didn't have two bourbons in me?
What's Jetlag the game?
God I love this channel
I loved this video, the suspence the scrambled coms, amazing
I just heard Sam talk about passports
God I wish Matt was here for this. Love everyone involved, but still
NordVPN is selling personal Data which makes the whole VPN part obsolete. Wouldnt recommend Advertising them ....
> Be tom scott > Don't trust Nord VPN > Make a video against Nord VPN > Write a description  > Nord VPN's Best Deal Is Here
*f1 radio noises* Sam, Tom is faster than you
There was definitely some bending of the rules. The runners created their own directions and followed them multiple times sometimes without their handlers even agreeing. Still an entertaining video tho :D
Tom's running really is like a video game character, especially the way he starts
sam has a face?!
Tom Scott the new Anneka Rice
I feel this would have been just as interesting if they started on opposite ends of the park :/
I expected anything in this video but a nord vpn add.
Seeing tom run around frantically wasnt something id have expected to be so fun! I really want a part 2 to this
What's wendover productions? They seem interesting, but only half as interesting 🤔
I always forget that it's not just one person, but that another person with a camera has to be running and hiding as well - that's got to look hilarious from the outside, and make it a little easier to spot in the wild.
this is honestly a really fun game concept
Sam loves to cheat
You guys need to do this, but in Monaco. maps might not be so helpful there especially w/ the elevation
What's up with this banger of a backing track?
It took me about 15 minutes to realize there was a camera person following each of them at all times, for some reason
Fun!
Where did you buy the invisibility cloaks for the camera men?💀💀💀
Not watched this yet - already amazing
1. Wow! I can definitely see the massive difference in the ruleset between this and the Corridor Crew game. 2. Corridor Crew did say something about developing a dedicated app for this... And Tom & Matt have developed and managed an app before...
Love tom to win. Gj
THE CROSSOVER WE NEEDED
okay, i want this to be a series with different people and different locations!
Tom running looks like my Pokémon go avatar when my internet has lagged and reconnects when I’m down the street
14:30 thanks for that little joke in the subtitles!
Oh, all these awful pronunciations of London roads 😂
Great chase, thank you for not participating in the usual ecoterrorism that is their plane chases across Europe.
"I'm running. Do I want to be running? Absolutely not."  Classic Tom
John Green won
7:20 "Tank, I need an exit!"
Amazing collab
You should have headed for a parking garage. That would have been nerve rattling!
this is such a class idea
I feel like there is an important part of the premise for this video that went unstated.  I assume the handlers had real-time information about the position of both participants, but it wasn't said and I'm not sure what's going on here.  Edited:. Ah, based on what was said partway into the video it sounds like they're using Apple tags as trackers again. Well, still, that's my small gripe.
I live in this area, it's so weird seeing you navigate it and think of all the weird shortcuts I would use
Wow, not gonna lie thats not the face i thought would be behind half as interesting.
"The tracker tracks X,Y,Z but not hight"... Uhm...
This was amazingly exciting, I have to admit!
Fun! I admit watching you get one over people because of somewhat niche knowledge, in this case streets in London, is somewhat of a guilty pleasure I could enjoy a lot more of!
Love love love this collab!!
Great video. What tracker are you guys using?
watching two americans trying to navigate london streets with a brit and an american who has lived in london is hilarious
The colab we didn’t deserve 😩
Jet Lag was a fun game! hoping for season 2. This was fun as well, maybe some kind of revenge in the future?
We used to play that as kids. It was called Hide and Seek. There was less tech involved but still.
A dream come true
This reminds me of me playing fps games
Now we need a larger scale version of the same game across Europe.
Hey, I use to play this game with friends in Washington, it was a great time. Mainly used more people without the amount of information, mainly had to hand in a picture of ourselves that day from multiple angles, and had to describe everything to our handler who would place all the information in the single forum and we would have to find each other. There were more rules and it was great.
The best crossover on youtube - more please!
This is an amazing concept & an amazing collaboration
Not the smartest choice of outfit, Tom
that was a lot of fun! I would love to do something like that with friends, what app are good to display two or more individuals on a map for that?
Idk but if Sam's picture of a red t-shirt didn't count, Tom's picture of some legs also shouldn't have counted. Maybe they should add in the rules that the person must be clearly identifiable in the picture but that's just me.
American in London -lets jaywalk 😆
What about all the fossil fuels being burnt to get these guys around? Any sort of offset they are doing?
WHEN I SAW THIS COME UP I GENUINELY SCREAMED OMG
Sam looks like a 15 year old
7:23 - the video game cutscene ends and you take control of tom in the newest splinter cell spy thriller
"He's very powerful. A very powerful foe and you should be scared."
9:10 I thought you disliked vpn ads
This is like bring your dad to work day
Ben is terrible, it wasn't even fair
If Evan Hunts have handlers like that then the Mission has literally become impossible.
11:43 Sam broke the rules. The rules were the runners can't go anywhere unless the navigator tells them to. Sam said he should got to the north of the park and went without his navigator telling him to.
I love Jet Lag so much
The sneaky edit to reverse the cam at 11:53 was a neat way to prevent them talking over Sam.
Tom, you've officially lost your mind, all you do now is sprint around London, even gave up the Things You Might Not Know series just to run around London more
i Never thought id see a video with Sam from Wendover & Tom Scott in it but wow, that was brilliant
The thumbnail pic of Tom is powerful
I was so shocked to actually see Sam of Half as Interesting fame, I wasn’t actually sure if he had a face. I was listening for him to sound recognizable this whole time, and I feel like at 10:30 I got it. The inflection when he says “to be on the opposite side of Tom” suddenly sounds like his narration
Not the crossover I expected, but definitely the one I wanted
A loss by Sam is a win for America.
That looks like fun, I just can't run like that.
I love the honest advertising of Nordvpn. No clue how old the video on VPN advertising is, but i remember it.
Team Ben
wth is that. I thought it was a duck with clothes
Rules are too broken but it was fun
YO YES I LOVE JETLAG
Me when I’ve got to get something in the kitchen, but my phone is charging: 5:40
So does this mean Jet Lag is going to be in London in a future season?
now this is the video I needed
I was on the edge of my seat because honestly I couldn’t decide who I wanted to win
Sam, Jaywalking isn't a thing in Europe, that's something car manufacturers made up and the US just went along with.
the crossover i never knew i needed
I wonder if the deal was that whoever one got to post the video to their channel. Maybe they both filmed themselves saying the intro.
Wendover?!
That was really cool and exciting! What a great game concept, love this kind of stuff.
As soon as they mentioned Grays Inn I knew it would be shut 😄
might as well pack it in if this is what your planning...
I think if anyone could successfully bring back Treasure Hunt (80's British tv show) it would be Tom and it would be amazing.
Would have been more interesting if there were a delay between the position updates, like 2-3min, like the airtag challenge.
19:33 Nosferatu moment
the collab of the century
Having watched jet lag this could be a TV series or a show on one of the streaming platforms
Tom: "THERE'S FOLIAGE EVERYWHERE Tracker: "Okay that's interesting" GUYS IT'S A PARK
lets jay walk? what does that mean anyone know?
* I see os tenis dele * is he brazillian?
Ben is my spirit animal, his level of chaotic chill is the best
Mario Party DS Camera Shy In Real Life :O
THAT is wendover????? I thought dude was gonna be like 40 lmao
what if you wore different clothes and then at some point changed clothes and just acted like a normal person
It's funny to see the people from Money: the series in another show, because I immediately don't trust him.
Tom, I very much thank you for introducing me to Jet Lag: the Game, I love it!
Tom mate, that's not how you run in the thumbnail. Actual NPC.
I'm a bit surprised local knowledge didn't help more. I felt that Sam was at a clear disadvantage from not knowing what the spaces will look like
Sam: "Lets jaywalk" Tom: *just running through streets*  How incredibly American. America the only place where jaywalking is a crime due to car lobbists.
14:27 Lovely joke in the subtitles :)
Ben seems like a little bit of a human disaster but I absolutely love him. He's adorable.
Eww, Wendover Productions! _This is a joke_
Been watching for 6 minutes and still don't understand the game.
It would be better if you are in 100m or less from each other you turn off the GPS's
being british, its so funny hearing Ben and Adam try to pronounce the street names
The what
Let's Jaywalk is the funniest sentence to me.
Sam had it won at 14:50, what a swizz.
The sequel we never knew we needed.
I wanna see Sam's 23 and Me, because I am sure he is part Llama.
Are those colored captions?! I've never seen those before!
Here I was thinking they’d be getting in the tube and stuff. Nope. Just running.
Imagine going through London and Tom Scott just randomly runs past you
Superb video. Fav crossover
wait. Sam from Half As Interesting and Wendover Productions? THIS CANT BE!
"Let's jaywalk" he says outside of America
Awesome I've been waiting for something like this
God, the camera-on-watch gambit was such a genius move I almost wish it had worked out
2:24 and because he's old
This was really fun to watch!
12:07 love that Tom is poking fun at Sam stretching the rules which he did in Jet Lag
This was fun af
Fun, but of course this was a home match for you, Tom. You'll have to arrange a re-match on their home turf...
as a student at the London School of Economics, seeing Sam wander around my neighbourhood is SO crazy given that I've just binged three series watching him run 1) across the U.S., 2) across the world, and 3) across Europe hahaha. he literally walked the exact route I take to uni everyday ! such a weird thing to see
I was running out of breath watching this.
What is this a crossover episode?
Thank you so much for the great subtitles!!!!!
I guess this might be a small hint as to where the next season of Jet Lag will begin!
This is the Collab I was waiting for.
You do not understand how happy i am oml
So weird seeing WendoverProductions in the flesh. I thought he was WAY older.  Also, I thought they'd be flying global air freight routes for this race but the world is full of surprises.
This but with paintball guns...
This is a great! There was an episode of Jet Lagged when Sam said "Oh I just watched a Tom Scott video about this". I never even thought about a collab.
This gives me flashbacks for På Rymmen (the Swedish version of Wanted).
This reminds me of the 1989 Channel 4 programme Interceptor.
17:30 that seems cheaty to me
Really nice video
win or doubt, blame the producer
Yo Tom looking kinda buff have you been working out
Intriducing Tom Scotts final channel: Tom Scott tag
another 'running around a big city' video??
Tom, you are heading towards your own version of Challenge Anneka
Wows thats not how i imagined Sam to look like
Fun fact: Jaywalking is not a thing in the UK. It's not a thing in most countries. It isn't even illegal in Canada, but there are some local by-laws that prohibit the crossing of certain streets. The US is the outlier. So Sam had nothing to worry about in this case :D
A crossover I didn't know I needed. Loved it!
14:29 "that's [half as] interesting" the subtitles are amazing
This is the collab I didn't know I needed, but oh my god this is perfect
Best way to hide would have been to wear a blue shirt or something
great collab!
this was more fun than I expected when i clicked on the title.
"Im running, do I need to be running? No. Absolutely not."
This is the crossover I have been waiting for!
This is such a cool concept
would be cool if there were zones like in battle royale games, i think that would be a good addition
2:10 Geoff Marshall visited them as they are apart of the old ,,Holborn Viaduct" station
7:22-7:32 when the poorly animated main character in a game gets nervous
crossover of the week
Like a true englishman, tom is trying to hide in some bushes in his bright red clothing. Worked for centuries
loved jet lag this is cool
The most action packed hide and seek game I've enjoyed in a while.
I love ben dover
Tom is the type of guy to wear a red shirt for a hide and seek competition
Best crossover ever
The song at 1:00 sounds so much like the wooded kingdom theme from Super Mario Odyssey
This is advanced hide and seek
I love these vids! I hope they aren't too bad to make :)
didn't he do a video about how nordvpn got hacked a few years back in the main chanel?
“Let’s jaywalk” - jaywalking is not a thing in the U.K., it’s not illegal to cross the road outside of a crossing.
"I'm running, do I need to be running? Absolutely not." Classic Tom Scott
YES. I've been waiting for this.
Sam's watch tactic is super clever
Blue guy's drip is straight outta 2005
I love a Jet-Lag-esque wide game any day of the week, though if the goal relies on proximity the ending will always be the same.  Also it seems like the trackers are more accurate than other air tag game on this channel? Not a big fan of those game playing on bad/fuzzy information.
Imagine if that were Sam just running there at 2:49
Jet Lag is a fantastic series!  Highly recommend it to anyone.
I feel like Sam should have had to wear an equally bright shirt
Love these kinds of videos!
Wearing jeans during something like this just seems like a bad call.
For the color deficient people, Tom is the one in the brown shirt.
This is getting repetitive 😢
"I'm running. Do I need to run? No, absolutely not."
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS
05:19 - my little brother showing me how fast he is in his new shoes
This somehow made me want to see Jet Lag play a snake/tron like location game. i.e. Same location tracker history based lines as in the graphics, but you can't cross the lines the other player made.
Nice to see Erling Haaland on the show.
Jet Lag: The Minigame
Leave your tags at the border. Late night HALO drop. No extraction. Good luck
Is it just me, or did toms photo also seem unclear who was in the picture?
Not Tom calling Sam out by finding all the loopholes
18:43 "I saw 3 legs."
great fun chase video, tom. thanks, these are very entertaining even if they may tire ol' tom every now and then.
I love that this video is like an entire season of Jet Lag, but condensed into twenty minutes and one city. It's the closest thing to Jet Lag without actually being Jet Lag. It's like Jet Lag apocrypha.
Now we just need a season of Jet Lag with Tom and John Green.
The caption at 14:29 Okay, that's [half as] interesting got me :D
This is so much fun. 🙂🇨🇦
Never thought I'd see Tom and Sam together!
THIS IS A DREAM COME TRUE!
the who?
Hahaha amazing seeing Sam being owned on his own game, brilliant video and yes the important part it was that everyone had fun
Didn't expect to see this collab; not complaining!
Wow I didn't expected this
sam at the beginning: "i have an advantage, my legs are longer so I am faster' sam at the end: if i didn't have long legs I would've won
It would be nice if you actually explained the game. I had no idea what was happening the whole time.
THE CROSSOVER THE WORLD HAS BEEN WAITING FOR ❤️
If you were to play this or a version of this game every week I would watch it.  It would be neat to have it in different cities as well
Now I want Tom to just be in the next season of JL:TG
You know, every time I watch one of these chase games, I think the kids are having a lot of fun… then I remember that Tom is not a kid these days.
Peggle OST at 3:17, very tasteful
Somehow Tom's red shirt actually helped disguise him... which is the opposite of what i thought..
The collab I didn't know I needed
Brilliant game paly, get outside, get exercise, play active strategy games... hope it takes off. Beware of traffic crossing roads
I've been missing the Jet Lag crew, I only just got into the show during the most recent season and I've already watched all their content, including the nebula exclusives. Thanks, Tom!
My favourite Tom Scott Plus video yet. So much fun!
7:27 those arches in the architecture remind me of Rick Ashley's music video
Imagine playing this in 2019 while using a P30 Pro.
"There's foliage everywhere."  "Ok, that's [half as] interesting." 😂
Wait... didn't Tom say he wouldn't do VPN ads? In fact I think he made a whole video about it.
What a crossover!! Such a big fan of you all :D
This looks like a game you could actually play without making youtube videos.   Like for a Kids (*cough*, totally not for an adult noooo) birthday party or something.
Ben is William Osman and Michael Reevs' love child. Ha!
Sam: “My long legs will be an advantage.” Tom: “I’ve got his legs!”
Great video! I love Jetlag the game and I am ready for next season.
2 videos ago Tom just learned how to run, now look at him
14:29 subtitles HAI reference nice
Plot twist. Sam is mildly red green color blind.
Can't get enough of Jet Lag and always enjoy Tom Scott. More of this!
At this rate I wouldn't be surprised if Tom shows up in a racing game with Broughy Failrace and Jimmy Broadbent!
I loved the chaos on one side and the other just like, meditation.
I was really unsure who to root for here, but ended up going with Sam due to local loyalty.
Omg best mashup ever!
Great game. Maybe one change the gps cuts out when they get close.
Need a full season of Tom Scott does Jet Lag now!
That was fun to watch. Reminds me a little of a game i came up with in college - headshot. It was when facebook messenger would just send the photo as soon as you took it. You would create a group chat and youd all go hide somewhere. Then its essentially a free for all taking pictures of eachother. If you get 'shot' you are out for the round. Last one standing wins. Thing is, as soon as you take a picture, everyone else knows your exact location... tense if you miss or see two people at once hah. had a lot of fun running around an otherwise slightly dull town on the outskirts of London playing that xD (and yes, i was quite proud of the double meaning on 'headshot' at the time)
@18:28; Note to self; if I ever find myself in London, wear a red shirt.
Sam's Apple Watch idea was GENIUS. Too bad it didn’t pay off for him.
Now we need Tom on a full season of Jet Lag The Game!
I need to check out Jet Lag. I watch Wendover and Half as Interesting all the time but haven't really seen much of his unscripted content!
we all knew this collab was coming
Tom, I'm starting to wonder if you're slowing down your production schedule so you can create an entire channel that's just AirTag Tag around London.  Entertaining as always!
Absolute NPC actions from Tom
😄
I will never get over the way Tom runs 🤣🤣🤣
NO WAY DID WE GET THIS COLLAB!
This channel is criminally underrated
The rules of a Jet Lag are so damn confusing, but tge chase videos are always fun, so it equals out I guess
14:29 nice easter egg in the captions :)
Ben is not the brightest of bulbs
So pumped to see you win this!  I enjoyed it a lot
Matt and Tom Bonehead the budget - but now with technological advancements!
As always I'm glad you stick to your guns with your sponsors and, as you said in one of your own videos, not advertise a VPN for "safe from hackers!!!11eleven".  Thank you for your integrity. And the entertainment, obviously, but the integrity is a big plus.
I started watching Jet Lag because I watched your AirTag video and wanted to watch something similar. It is a great surprise to see you now together.
Sorry but not even a Tom Scott promo is gonna save that money pit of a show
Tom figured out YouTube.
should’ve done a collab about bricks.
This might work better if each team has two people, and Person 1 chases Person 2, who chases Person 3, who chases Person 4, who chases Person 1.
Dude, you can’t “jaywalk” in the UK. It doesn’t exist. “Jaywalking” was invented by American motor vehicle manufacturers.
It's weird seeing the Jet Lagged crew pronouncing names in my local area 🤣
As someone who knows this area well as a Londoner this was quite painful.
I love Jet Lag and this somehow managed to be even more chaotic :D
Find the clues to the escape room and use safety goggles.
Maybe I missed it,  but what tracker system are they using?
the legs with nothing count but not the red shirt with backpack, silly af
this is something i wouldnt have never expected jet lag is by far my favourite series on youtube. such interesting personalities and extremely tight races despite being across a country, or across an ocean. that combined with one of my favourite channels is jsut godly
I knew this felt familiar from Corridor Crew's channel. Loved to see more!
two favourites in one!
Oh my god my wish came true
Three Americans attempting to pronounce Holborn made me laugh much harder than it should have
YouTube has officially peaked
This is a lot of fun, right where I used to work.
This is the crossover of my two favourite YouTube channels at the moment. How awesome!!
2 Great Youtubers, 1 Great Collab
Tom runs like a cartoon character, just look at 5:20
I love Jet Lag. Its kindof the perfect way to branch out from typical youtube stuff but really shows how modern creators can do TV better than TV.
One of the greatest crossovers of all time
MORE of that
i cannot think of a video id rather watch
I love unexpected collabs between two channels I love, so this was a particular joy!  Always glad to root for Adam to outwit Sam!
I love how calm Ben is when giving wrong directions and driving Sam to the point of insanity
When two PIs investigate each other
I’m curious when they did this one.. perhaps right before or after they filmed Tag EUR IT?  Also, Sam hasn’t won a Jet lagged since.. season two/connect four?
I'd love to see a whole season of Jet-Lag, all based around this concept! It totally has the feel of those Action or Crime TV shows where you have the people in the control room telling the agents what to do.
I love the way tom runs
This game looks fun
For us Jet Lag viewers who are currently mourning the end of the recent series, this was like catnip. Cool collab!
I love Ben's relaxed demeanor in the most stressful of situations. The juxtaposition is hilarious.
Sam definitely hung out behind that tree for more than 3 minutes 😆 Tom still managed to get the shot though!  Next round should be in a less populous place so the tags don't work as well and the edge of seat factor is higher.
Loved it:)
I loved everything about this. The difference in energy right off the bat, underlined by the different musical scores. Tom's panicky overthinking, Sam's scheming, Adam's recurring "that's interesting", Ben's unfazeable calm in the most urgent of situations, all culminating in that tense standoff... I don't think I have ever been so thoroughly entertained by a youtube video before.
Finally, my two favourite youtubers in one vid. Now I can quit this platform forever!
Hey Tom, do you plan on using Mastodon?
17:46 parkour!
The fact Tom still wore his signature red shirt was such a low-key power move
Do Americans use the "north, east, south, west" cues because they actually know those directions, or because that's how they perceive that the rest of the world sees the world?
YOOOOO HHYPE HYUPE HYUPE YPE HYPE
Can anyone explain to me why Tom has started taking money from VPNs when he made a video talking about the hypocrisy of YouTubers taking money from VPNs?
0:03 Oh, so that's what he looks like...
Words cannot describe how badly I need the Technical Difficulties to play their own game of Jet Lag.
Woooooo one of my most anticipated collabs in recent history!!!
NO WAY :O
We joked about it, and it happened!
thats wendover the plane guy and its the same guy as half as interesting?!!! WTF
the ultimate crossover
This was the best collab ever!
The best crossover event since Jimmy Neutron met Timmy Turner
I love the Jet Lag channel. Looking forward to this video
I like how it said "[Half as] interesting" in the subtitles.
This channel just gets better and better
I see that Tom is continuing to work on the sorts of life skills he’s going to need when His Majesty calls him up to say “Tom, the double-0 program has a vacancy. Your country needs you.”
imagine witnessing this while walking around
This is the collab we needed
"I wonder if Tom is also doing the defensive strategy" "I want to move towards Sam as quickly as possible."
this is the Collab we've all been waiting for
Camera sniper duel is a really fun format, I wouldn't mind seeing more of this
I like how this is just americans butchering london street names
I feel like this game would be more fun if the tracker showed a general circle of location not exact
I love how even Tom noticed that Sam likes to bend the rules.
I've been a long long time Tom Scott fan, and a Sam fan for a few years as well, and this has made me happy :D! (Although you already did collabs in the past)
I love how chill Ben is. Like sure you can go that way if you want.
the apple watch in clutch¿???
Sam's most British of expressions: "Well played." while conceding....
Love the detail in the captions at 14:28: "Okay, okay, that's [half as] interesting."
The crossover we needed  I’m surprised this idea hasn’t even crossed my mind
I want to see Tom Scott do Strictly.
17.57 Tom has a nervous piss up the tree!
americans in london are so funny "gonna jay walk" "quarter block"
Wait Wendover showed his face
I'm totaly gonna do this with my friends
I didn’t know I needed this until now
this but every week forever
1:20 Why does that guy look like Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood at the same time?
I have been waiting for this since birth
Good choice to do it in London, as you're perfectly allowed to "jay walk" in the UK.
It would have been incredible if he did the Nord VPN ad while running...
Best crossover ever
Awesome Tom more of these hunt games love it.
14:29 thanks subtitles
this was a great collab! I love jsetlag and these types of location based games
As someone who recently just started getting into Jet Lag, this was a collab I didn't know I needed
This is not possible to do in the US since sidewalks aren't invented there yet
😂👍🏾
WOOOO THE COLLAB OF THE CENTURY
This is gonna be amazing
I never knew Sam Wendover was the world's largest twelve year old!
I would watch this on TV, Scott could host a new version of the amazing race!
I did not think that tom and jetlagged would do a collab...
me usually being team ben vs me also loving tom scott
This is the greatest collab ever!!
The crossover we've ALL been waiting for
The mix of cardinal directions and left/right has to be the real challenge of this game :)
"Tom Scott is 100m from your location and rapidly approaching. Start running."
this game would be rad if there was like a 5 minutes delay to the GPS.
Sam "Lets Jay Walk"  UK "we call that crossing the road"
and now again with painballs! oke maybe not in a city but still
I would love to see more of this game with Tom and others. Also, the other version of this of seeking someone while they do a checklist.
Literally the entire game: "Why don't we go north," and **monotonous blank face**
Tom's red shirt. Just like the redshirts in Star Trek.
YES I NEEDED THIS
Hmmm somehow the red shirt is not identifiable but those "legs" are...
Nice
I think Ben was laggy !
Now we need a collab with Bald and Bankrupt
Incredibly boring shite.
Grats to two of my favorite YouTubers - Sam and Tom - for their collab, fun & games
Tom: "we can only go where we are told we can go" Adam: Tom: "I'm going to go this way" Sam: "I'm going to turn left" Ben: "... Ok"
I was sure that Tom's shirt would have been his downfall.
Imagine how suspicious they would look if they didn't have camerapeople following them.
As a frequent traveller to Europe who loved the train network there, Jet Lag: The Game in Europe was the game I've always wanted to play. That podcast series would really resonate with those who've travelled Europe by train. The game works much, much better with rail, bus and ferry networks than with planes. I really think Europe is the only place that kind of tag works well.
best collab
7:44 Jaywalking is not a thing in the UK, so go ahead, Sam.
this was a good game of tag
At 7:45 He jaywalked. Literally crying and shaking
This was fully interesting (pun intended)
Sam: *Takes a photo of a guy in a red shirt (Tom)* "It'S nOt ClEaR" Tom: *Takes a photo of some legs* *Wins*  ???
Ive been waiting for this all my life
LETS GO TOM!!!!!!
Top 10 anime crossovers for sure
What tom should have done was to have a bright green hoodie or something in his backpack to change straight into. Everyone knows the red too well
Please full episode of LATERAL on YouTube. 🤦‍♂️
I can't help but feel like this would be so much more strategical and fun if the "observers" followed the players' locations with a 30 second delay.
Omg yes
I'm convinced that this is the best channel in all of YouTube.
Maybe you should have had a better intro because I lost interest immediately, I've never heard of jet lag so why should I care? Nothing was explained, not that it's difficult to follow but it feels haphazardly put together.
This is not a crossover I was expecting
Had me on the edge of my seat. A really fun video.
Glad y’all had fun! Congrats Tom!
The collab, that i didn't know i needed ♥️✨
Greatest crossover of all time
Sam from Jet Lag can't seem to get a win!  Haha!
I love how in a span of five seconds I went from "huh what's this jetlag thing" to "SAM FROM HALF AS INTERESTING?"
It's fascinating to see you both running around on what is my commute to the office!
Once again Sam goes down!!!
Missing Jet Lag so really greatful for this content!!
I was waiting for the Jet Lag Ryan Trahan collab, but this is just as (half as) interesting!
Nice
Thanks Tom for playing this game!  Can’t wait for S2 and u being a part of it..
oh my god the half as interesting reference in the captions at 14:29
This was a great sponsorship opportunity for Samsung and S22 Ultra Space Zoom.
Where is the S22 Ultra when you need it??
Not the full season I wanted, but I'll take it.
The crossover I need but never knew I wanted
The crossover I didn’t expect is very welcome!
I'm a little disappointed because I loved the "height differential" plan but it never came to fruition.
14:29 Nice easter egg
I expected Sam to be much older from only hearing his voice
This should be a game show. Brilliant
Sam using his smartwatch to avoid exposure is way more than Half as Interesting as I thought it would be.  I'll show myself out.
Whoever the caption person is, thank you for putting "that's [half as] interesting" for Adam 14:27
this is so fun haha
Now I really want Tom on Jet Lag
7:33 Just wondering what the security guard thought was going on outside if he heard Tom.
You know what? I think Sam/Ben/Adam could enter The Amazing Race. It’d be fitting.
To be honest I think Sam could have won - his photo of Tom was more recognizable than a few legs behind some trees. But still an awesome collab!
Loved this idea. And the structure of the video kept us in the edge of the seat until the very last minute.
thats [half as] interesting AHAHA nice!
The hyper competitive mix of Adam and Tom is a pairing I am living for.
A Tom Scott colab? what's next? one of the Green brothers?
The who and the what game?
Thank you for some between-season Jetlag bonus content, Mr. Scott 🙏🏻✨
This game could be really fun if you discard the trackers, and use an app with a safe area that slowly shrinks over time (Think PUBG). As you'd have no idea where anyone is, you'd end up with much less of a "two people sitting behind a tree waiting for the other to move" situation  If you like the idea, I can probably develop something like that in a fairly short amount of time (Altough, honestly, I'd be surprised if no one has done it already)
Does Tom inform these people that he's got a jetpack before inviting them to play chase games?
That looks like fun.
wouldn't it be better to explain how this game is played?
"Ok, that's fascinating" is the next phrase I'm programming into my GPS whenever I make a wrong turn.
I'm abit confused, the red shirt wasn't identifiable but the legs were?
Didn't understand the game rules, but hey, Tom's in the video!🤷‍♂️
this was fun. I know what else would be interesting, tube race between jet lag and tom, maybe geoff marshall could make a tour/tasks which you have to do at some stations
What a Collab :D
my two favourite channels coming together
BRUH WHAT?! I've been watching Jet Lag since they started! Keep doing those crazy collabs!!!! <3
have you tried climbing? is quite fun
Rerun. Airtags episode but more boring.
The music was very good, and Jet Lag: the Game is also thoroughly entertaining.
Tom sprinting and saying “I can duck in there nope there’s a security guard I can’t go in there” must have at least look a little suspicious
Tom is my favorite NPC
YESSSSS I wanted Jet Lag to do a London video! And with you as well... it's just perfect!!
"Jaywalking", a term the US car industry astroturfed to steal streets from people, isn't a crime in the UK, where it's just called "walking wherever you want".
Tom Scott plus is turning into a chase game channel and I'm here for it.
14:30 subtitles team goated no cap
Nearly Jet Lag meets Oceans 11. I can see Sam and Tom: "OK, they are near a big tree.." [both on each side of the same tree] Sam "I will go clockwise around the tree" Tom "I will go clockwise around the tree" Both: "Very strange, I can hear him, but still don't see him" continues for hours.
You definitely need s22 ultra than iPhone
I love Jet Lag and the airtag Tom Scott plus videos with MrWhoseTheBoss are my favorites. It's perfect!
Why does this feel like it’s influenced from the 80’s series Interceptor.
Tom how did you know I needed this while suffering in waiting for the next season of Jet Lag???
I've watched from start to finish and still don't know what they are doing.  Was there an explanation of the rules that I missed?
The crossover we didn’t know we needed
N.VPN must pay some sweet sweet £££… Even though Tom carefully choses to only tell actual facts about the service, he is still supporting a company that continues to let other content creators tell lies about false security claims
Why's the background music so loud.
"I'd say it's very hard to tell what he[Sam]'s trying to do" spoken like a true Jetlag veteran there Adam!
How good of shape is Tom? Sam did well, but Tom was running with a backpack, and talking more while moving. Snd not really hteathing hard, unless the mics were blocking that.
no trophy?
You're quite unmistakeable in your trademark Red Shirt and it remindes me of the dispensibles on The Away Team in Star Trek (TOG).
Is this why Jet Lag didn't have a new episode this week?
Jet Lag the Game is One of My favorite Youtube Channels so this like the Ultimate collaboration.
I think Sam technically won that. The "it has to be clear" rule seemed to go out the window.
This was a great collab!!
Good fun to watch, thank you :-)
Even less desirable than watching those bend over and half worth skipping videos is seeing them in life 🔌📻🛀⚡⚡😵💀😌
How is Tom both the definition of nondescript & so incredibly recognizable?
I asked for this!
What a legendary collab
I winced every time someone pronounced Holborn as it’s written 😂
Yaasss
This is the ultimate collab.
I would never expect this collab, and yet here it is, Jet Lag on Tom's channel. Awesome
Jet lag is absolutely amazing, it's incredibly nice to see you two working together
Yo I didn't know I wanted this Collab
I love these chase around London videos
Around 12 minutes, shouldn't Sam have waited for instruction to go somewhere, instead of taking action himself? Still fun, might try this IRL as well with friends.
I like these chase games
It's still weird seeing VPN sponsors on Tom Scott videos.
WE NEED A ROUND 2
Tom actually won a challenge for once.
THIS IS THE CROSSOVER WE'VE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR ^-^
@ 1:50 my head immediately went to Star Trek 2 The Wrath of Kahn.  "He's intelligent but not experienced.  His pattern indicates 2 dimensional thinking."
i feel like this would have been better if the trackers only updated every 30 to 60 seconds. The video was great either way but without a delay there were not really many ways of surprising the opposing team by taking a photo from the back, although the under the bridge idea was good.
I'm sure you guys had fun, but this i boring to watch
Kind of live action Scotland Yard (board game) I wander what apps they are using
The only time I wasn't at my office building was when they walked past my office building 😂
9:15 Tom Scott might be the only person that is wholesome enough to make a video about facts around VPN  AND still able to get sponsorships from a VPN company.......
Oooh a new Tom Scott chase video!
Tom's opponent keeps on cheating by taking action without any input from his handler, much less any orders :/ remember, rules were that "while we can hide, duck and dive a bit, we can't go in a direction to find or avoid someone without their say-so".  ie. 11:45 handler: "let's wait and see what he does cheater: "Should I go to the other side of the park them?"  *starts walking* "Let's continue." handler: "..."
The most entertaining part of this video for me was Tom frantically running trying to find Sam, while Sam just calmly strolls around London.
It's refreshing to hear Sam speak normally. Not ... like he normally ... speaks ... in his Wendover ... videos. (I don't want to be mean about it, but surely someone has pointed out to him how it comes across when he reads his scripts.)
The collab I needed
Not the first time an Englishman in red has caused the Americans a few problems.
you need to be on of the episodes
OMG. I was hoping to see this so badly.
Me waiting for jet lag to upload the other pov in 3 months
Props to the camera operators for keeping up with you running around London and keeping a camera pointed at you while they are doing it.
Omg WHAT!?!!?!!
No way. They made manhunt into a real thing!
Oh poor producer
So much fun! What were you using for trackers here? I'd love to set something like this up with friends. Thanks.
Tom Scott is literally Collabing with all my favorite youtubers
Not sure if the format has really worked. Both players have exact same rules and goals. Feels like that makes it tactically weird. Eg one could run away from the other, but what do you have to gain from that? The game would never end that way...  Feels like there should be some asymmetry in the game for this to work (Like with the Tag game, or with the track via apple tracker tom did in the other collab)  I mean fun content and all, but I was missing something that I did get from the other tracking games....
This is the first video I have seen with different subtitle colours per person speaking! Very cool Tom!
Not an expecting collab but, this is very very very cool
I really enjoyed this. I dont know if This has been intentional or accidental but I’m getting real deja vu fro, this video in the sense that it reminds me of Tom and friends older stuff from back in the day.. like old school Tom Scott… anyone else remember the video I’m trying to think of?
didnt know i wanted this collab to happen, but here we are
I love both creators  I was routing for Tom on this one but would love a rematch
"How far is he" "A quarter block" gotta love American measurements
Funny watching Sam decide to jaywalk.
tom scott once again running with a backpack through central london. some things never change.
that looks fun.
"lets jaywalk" Little does he know.
The crossover I’ve been waiting for
12:13 i love how perfectly Tom guessed what Sam wud do to cheese the rules here xD Bcuz ofc Sam wud do that, and was actively usin that strat without even talkin like its a strat...  Yea, Sam needed a broader definition of "stayin the same place" as he took it at its most literal and most exact definition of stayin the exact same pt in space upon the earth. Whereas i think Tom rightly took it as "dont stay at the same location" to prevent exactly this camping.  Walkin around a public parks edge and onlu parkin as the other person nears close enuf so as to wait in the most advantageous part of a park clearly is against the spirit of that rule.  Wud he have thwot it was allowed to walk 50 ft between two buildings back and forth so as to not actually be in the same place?   Tho notably, id probs feel less upset by it if he wasnt just circlin the outside of the park but had alrdy got inside the park and was meanderin around in there. At that pt id at least be able to take that as simply navigatin the park while he can to find the best spot to wait, but circlin outside of it isnt tryin to find good hidin spots; its clearly stayin in the same place but by movin tbat place a couple hundred feet in a circle so it doesnt count as the same place per technicality  Circlin a larger block than the park? probs fine. Circling a much larger park? probs fine. But this park is literally just a small plaza that can be circled in like 6 mins of walkin.
I love the subtitles, "[half as] interesting"
"I tried not to expose myself at a public park" would have been a good clickbait title.
Okay, you cheeky bods at the subtitles team. I see those brackets!
This is such a great Collab!
The collab we all wanted and got.
That was such a Jet Lag feeling transition from ad to video. Love this!
Yes! Something to fuel my Jet Lag energy between seasons!
Was waiting for this collab
had so much fun watching cheers
it is the collab we want and the collab we're getting
Gotta love that other types of Youtubers have beef with each other, but you  Educational/Explainers clearly love each other. The world needs more of this.
I like everyone in this video, but the game concept is kinda boring tbh
Wow I never thought this was going to happen!
This further confirms that Tom knows literally everyone.
Why does Tom move like a video game character in this one? Edit: Like 7:22 you can’t tell me that he doesn’t look like a video game character, there even is a face cam…
Finally, a face behind the voice.. Sam absolutely doesn't look like what I was expecting, at the same time, he looks exactly like some who would create something like HAI.
I'm definitely using "That's fascinating" every time nothing makes sense from now on.
I think this would work brilliantly with a small delay on the opposing team's tracker (like a minute or so) so you can make movements without each team's location being immediately apparent to the other
I've been waiting for this collab for ages!! Would love to see Tom on Jet Lag.
The collab of the century!
this may be the worst Tom vid I've clicked on
Wow. That was tense!
1:51 Z is the superior vertical axis
14:29 Kudos to caption team for this pun!
Dos this mean jet lag S4 is coming?!?!
I love the colored subtitles good job YouTube
The original picture Sam took was definitely Tom!
Wow this is super cool, love the idea
This was awesome. Ive watched both Tom's airtag videos and jetlag and am always amazed at how well Sam and team do at creating an exciting game out of people running around cities like idiots. This was an obvious team up but a pleasant surprise that it happened
When you were at barbican and mentioned getting the high ground, I immediatly thought of High Holborn. There are stairs up, but only from the main road, although I have no idea if they're open.
this is a fantastic combination
It seems that when Tom doesn't know what to do with someone he puts them in London and chases them around.
This was my multiverse of madness
Avengers Endgame is no longer the most ambitious crossover in history, you guys won the internet, congrats 🎉
i really just spent 15 minutes try to look for a video game called jet lag
wow, really really really wasn't expecting for this combo!
14:29 "okay, that's interesting. [Half as interesting]"  Tom and his caption game always on point.
this is absolutely a dream crossover
Is it bad that when I saw this I wasn’t excited for like the actual game, I was excited for more Ben Doyle content
You’re supposed to be told where to go, not tell the navigator where you’re going and then start going before they even reply. Tom played way more fair.
It was nice to see Sam from Jetlag: The Game joined by Sam from Wendover Productions and Sam from Half as Interesting. Glad they're finally getting along...
my two favourite channels omg
I've been in love with Jet Lag the Game recently so I am so happy
Loved jet lag and cool af to see with Tom too
This was great! However i think it would have added tactical depth if it would have been allowed for each team to deactivate the gps for like three minutes once. Could make some interesting decisions on whether to try a stealthy approach or to save the stealth mode for later (maybe after the other team used theirs). Great collab whatsoever.
A mix of Tom Scott and Jet Lag? Sign me up!
I don't get it...
Yessssssss
I remember when Corridor did this back then, but indoors and full of crowd blocking off the camera 😂  Also we need a full season of Jet Lag with Tom!
GOATED COLLAB
I'm not entirely familiar with the rules, but I would argue the other guy one because he got the picture that was about as clear as Tom's was before Tom
I want to see Tom on Jet Lag, that be so fun.
OMG this is the best collab ever
I love Jetlag. I love Tom Scott. I love this collab
I love the start animation that Tom does as he begins running.  His arms flail out and his whole body begins to move in the direction.  Love your content buddy.
I like the 90s retired Floridian look Ben is going for.
7:47 j-walking isnt a thing in the uk
The prophecy has come true!
I love watching Jet Lag, and I love watching Tom's "chasing around London" videos. I could hardly be more excited right now!
Wow that's probably the most high stakes game of hide and seek that I've ever saw. I was sweating when I saw that Tom and Sam were this close to eachother.  Although part of me hoped that this would end with both of them hiding behind the same tree like in a cartoon.
I am not surprised at this collaboration, but I am very appreciative!
Learning HAI and Wendover Productions has a physical form.
I don’t like the [half as] part added to the captions
Hol-born
I really did not expect this collaboration, but I love it!
The crossover you never knew you needed
Oooo
Do american or british streets have cardinal directions on the signs? I can never understand how they know "north on this street" or "west on that street".
Subtitles putting in "[half as] interesting." I saw you.
I can say as a fact I did not expect this collab but I like it
I would've loved like a full season of Jet Lag with Tom as a guest, although that probably wouldn't have worked schedule wise. Edit: We got em!
Omg no way it's the Half as Interesting guy
I just watched them, wtf
Great job getting the teammates energy to match. Tom & Adam were sharp and on it, communicating well and efficiently. Sam and Ben, however, were just sort of loping through life as it comes, right? What will be will be. "How close is Tom?" "Ummmm.. (10 seconds later) about a quarter mile." Just a couple of chill cats. Fun stuff as always!
The jet lag universe expands!
i need a tom scott in an escape room video,or preferably several. with jump scares
Never heard of this game. Don't think I ever will again. Very dull spectator activity
the best collab ever
This could be a awesome App :D please someone make  a App out of this ^^
Best collaboration ever
Wtf, wendover sounds exactly like the videos.
As a former LSE student, this was fun to see my old stomping grounds!
The collab we have all been waiting for!
I’m becoming accustomed to Tom chasing someone lmao
literally just finished watching the video where arun chases you around nottingham, great timing
The crossover I always wanted
I'm so glad there weren't any planes in the last season of Jet Lag. Public transport is so much more interesting.
Now this is the crossover we needed
I’m actually planning on doing a simmilar thing with friends
This is the collaboration I've been waiting for so long!
me waiting for more jetlagged and tom scott plus: this:
14:29 whoever made the subtitles there, good job! you have made me laugh a bit
Winner gets a restraining order!
Tom is very powerful
14:30 Subtitles: "Okay, okay that's [half as] interesting." Not sure if I am amused or annoyed that they slipped that in there
14:30 turn on the sub for the "interesting" part
Haven't even started yet and I'm soooooo excited!!!!!!!!
the crossover I didn't expect, even though you technically already had a crossover before
Certified Gold Collab
Oh wow, tom started advertising VPN-s
When I finished watching the tracker episode I immediately tried to find other videos like it’s me it led me to Jet Lag, absolutely love their stuff and this collab.
Collab of the century right here
Tom has to be one of the most consistent youtubers out there. Every bit of content is class.
So I haven't seen Jet Lag, but all I can say is that never in a million years did I expect Sam to look like that.
5:00 - Tom is channeling Prince Humperdink from "The Princess Bride": "He must have seen us closing in, which might account for his panicking into error."
In the last few weeks the only content I watched on youtube was tom scott and jet lag: the game. This collab made my month, haha
TELL ME WHAT IS SEASON 4 AND WHEN IT WILL RELEASE ON YT
I recently became ADDICTED to Jet Lag! And this is my dream collab. After seeing your Mentour Pilot vid, I thought nothing would get better! Love you Sam, Ben and Adam ps when is next season coming??
I loved jet lag: the game
you know, I'm not quite sure what the goal is, I'm just happy to be seeing Tom Scott doing stuff!!
Oh nice I like the combination of two of my favourite youtubers :)
I just finished watching their videos, and what a coincidence you post this video
I hoped this would happen
Yo legendary collab
Damn tom, you got no chill no more. You just keep on giving us everything we didn't know we wanted <3
The crossover we don't deserve
My dream came true!
Absolutely adore Jet Lag, their vids are incredible!
WHAT IS THIS A ＣＲＯＳＳＯＶＥＲ　ＥＰＩＳＯＤＥ
Really like these Tom Scott Plus series'.
Been absolutely loving Jet Lag, awesome to see a feature.
Jet lag tag
Tom I love you
I didn't realise Sam did so many different channels but suddenly it makes so much sense!
THE GREATEST COLLAB
this is the most unexpected collab, but I like it 👍
YESSS
No way! I saw a suggestion of this earlier.
Facts
Oh god Sam looks even more *derp* than I anticipated, which already was a lot.
Yo this is awesome, I have seen some similarity between Jet Lag and Tom and Matt's budget thing. Seeing them collab is nice
I was wondering when you'd join up! I'm just 3 minutes in but it's already starting to get strategic.
Okay, Never expected this collab!
I can already tell this is going to be a great watch!
I love this collab
now that's a collab I didn't see coming, very welcome though!
whoa
Never in my life have i excpected this collab! But im here for it!
Wendover !
The dream crossover! God knows how the guys have the time
This is an amazing crossover
Thanks Tom for recommending us to Jet Lag!
The collab we always needed!
Okay king back at it again with another banger
Yooo
Oh my god. This is like my dream collab
LAST
The big news, for me, is that I finally found a good use for wireless earbuds.
