mark we don't need any more players. what we need is the killer instinct that all of Sir Alex's sides had!!
theres only one leader at man and thats bruno what he did aftar the full time he wouldnt even sake the arsenal players hand or is team mate he got pissed off and went down the tunnel angry  now thats a winner and a leader there
im so pissed that they are not playing donny is way better than what we got and i dont mean bruno
Sorry I am 100% united supporter I can not see united will win the league come man city show united how to win
Marcus think he is the only player make up a team he got no sense of sight
It high time oli to be replaced
I just can't agree with mcfred being bad for the team, we were a better Team with McTominay on, Pogba and Fred played for most of the game (which people seem to like the most) and Arsenal managed to get more hold of the ball and attack us more.. although to be fair I think Fred had a very poor performance
sub have to com on at 60-65 min
Ole, our coaching staff are not good enough to take the club forward! As I have said for a long time, Ole's game management is non existent and we are relying on our players to have individual great spells in a game. Also Harry, why oh why hasn't the club got an individual coach for him (and others) to train his mobility and speed and make him more athletic, it's not rocket science!
Yes your Manchester United of 2021 not the 90s deal with it for fucksake it’s getting embarrassing you lot thinking your still competing
Ole ain’t got a clue 😂😂😂
That game was like the 1990 World Cup stale football
a guttless performance
Crazy how bad we go after being so good for weeks makes no sense.. Basically relying on a few players to carry the team when everyone should play their part
Why is Ole so scared of making use of subs?
9:34, 14:10 spot on
We won't challenge for any silverware with ole Carrick & co
You're spot on with your 1st comment, about the default damage limitation set up!!! It's what frustrates a lot of people. There are players with serious talent here, that aren't been encouraged to do what they're good at? Ok, when McTominay went off, he replaced him with Martial, but it was a negative start. And with attacking pace, you've always got a chance against David Luiz???
Maguire and McTominay picking up an injury may perk up my year
Absolutely delusion if bailly does that maguire block you give him a 7🤣🤣
Been Ole out.. and have not changed my mind.. appreciate what he has done... but he  not good enough.... its reality..
With with a winger.... hahah we would play the same haha  its our style!!! ... i would not give Ole  a dime.. playing like this... so we want a new winger and have more individual brilliance
We need am attacking right back as well some competition for wan bassaka not enough down that side offensively and teams no if they cut out the left we are not much threat. Or maybe give telles a run down that side and shaw at left back.
That was.....quite fair
Such a boring Man Utd under ole..
City...city won the league. United a bang average team with good players to be honest but you not at our level and you have years to get there.
All that you have said in summary is ...." Ole is not good enough"
Pogba
Rashford should always plays on the left
You couldn’t beat Arsenal’s B team 😂😂😂😂
No cap!  get this PE TEACHER OUT
just united having a dip. liverpool have it. united have it. city will have it. where united going wrong? fwds rashford and martial not scoring/performing. which means sign a right winger fwd. title race far from over
DAnny van d.Beek and mcfred
McTominay - not on the pitch long enough 4 Greenwood not on the pitch long enough 6 😂 very consistent Mark
Ole out
Man actually compared the post, to a Man who defended... This idiot.
Ole is always going to be a work in progress.
Oh ffs stop keep on giving de gea a 6. He saved a powerful shot. Mark you wouldn’t have saved that
Bottom line is under ole we will never win a title, I like ole but not good enough, we're treading water under ole
I don’t get why he won’t play donny. He looks class and changes the game every time he comes off the bench but he only gets 10 mins. Feels like when LVG wouldn’t play Herrera after he signed him
I believe Ole is still on that thin end of the wedge from sacking in Woodward's mind - the same rhythm we saw in Van Gaal and Mourinho before they got sacked, he is in a precarious position and that explains his reluctance to take risks. This board knows nothing about how to manage a football club!
If we can't play long balls to our fast forwards we are clueless as to what to do and ole thinks we played well 😂😂😂
What is the difference in football styles between ole and the past two managers apart from they won trophies
Halifax advertisements old men walking football
No Mark Maguire is not scared on the ball at all. He is one of the most confident on the ball along with Matic. Pogba scares me at times cos he loses the ball. DVB will come on in due course. No worries for me.
Ole needs a RW bring in jadon sancho and also a CB and CDM in the summer and promote striker hughill from under 23s he looks top class scores goals
Totally agree VDB was the swap the Mc TOM NO BRAINER
Poor performance. Game there for the taking. Lacking confidence in my view. Ole should have made some changes as what was on the pitch was not working. Perhaps Mata to create something different?
Id rather have a cavani that might miss a few chances but runs around.. than any Version of Anthony martial .. the guy is a modern day darius vassel
Cavani would usually score those chances, Martial is always 50/50 if he will
Give donny a fucking run ffs
Arsenal think there better than they are
I respect that type of opinion,mark you prove the point,thats why  I like your chanell.Coming from a liverpool fan.
Pogba and Bruno were very good but Marcus an Martial were really bad... can't get the connexion to the attack
Ole Out
Rashford so much better on the left, everyone slating him today he’s out of position and looks very tired Dosent help when we sit deep and Arsenal also sit deep
The luck was eventually going to run out and it has run out!
MCTOMINAY WASN'T AT FAULT FOR BEING SICK OR W/E... BUT HE ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH FOR A STARTING SPOT VS THE BETTER TEAMS.
Mctominay is the worst HYPE player I’ve seen since Fellaini and Cleverly!
🚫OLE OUT🚫
Because Ole is stubborn,brain dead...plus he hates Donny as he is class and understands the game,the thick are intimidated by intelligence,"aren't they Ole?
It’s so evident that Ole can’t get the best from this squad anymore. I don’t see what he’s trying to do, this team really lacks an identity and Ole looks lost on the sidelines when the going gets tough. We are not a good team to watch.
MARK TO BE FAIR YOU WERE MOANING TOO MUCH.
Ole and his management team need to start watching TUS. Atleast if they watch this video of Mark it might ring bells and hopefully make a positive difference in how we approach our games going forward.
Rashford racially abused
Arsenal dominated this game cavani is rubbish
Morning mark I disagree with your opinion on the game yesterday we should of all walked of like Mctommony 😂😂😂  Hope your ok up stairs keep going mate
Rashford was in banging form on the left, lol why change it now????
this thing of not beating top 6 teams and winning our other games this is Arsense wegner tactics just to qualify for top 4 🙂
Ollie’s handling of Van de Beek is going to put players off signing for Utd . What does VDB have to do when Scott gets played even when ill ?? 🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Martial run at someone he doesn't even jog at someone
If ole goes then whos the replacement?? Pochettino is at psg tuchel is at chelsea no one is available
Rashford is so overrated.
If Bruno does not perform, Utd do not perform. Utd is so crap without him.
Arsenal played well compared to Utd. Arsenal was not full strength, but Utd was. Utd was clumsy and lacked lots of quality. Utd did not achieve the standard against the top six. Utd are not title contenders, they are top 6 contenders. Ole is not the manager to move us forward. Let him go at end of season, please.
u know what the worst is .. they made william looks stunning
Spot On, Ole's favourite FC is a crap!
Poor donny! Ole ruining his career. Make him play
On a different day we could have won this, like on a Sunday in 1999
3.6 means poor. Let’s get over it. Let’s not look for more excuses to get him to lower than that.
OLE IN.
Cmon Mark, Cavanis chances were half chances. Its not one v ones. Agreed that our approach was one of a not-to-lose.
Just saw this. Honestly don't know what this guy is on about. Ole is clearly a mid-table to top 4 manager. He cannot win cups surely as we have seen previously through cup failures. Bottle-job FC. Plus his habit of favoritism towards some players is disgusting.  This manager should be asked to leave respectfully by the end of this season. And time to restart with fresh ideas and a better transfer window.
It is so baffling that we had more points under Mourinho than now. We really need to do better. We need other options other than Martial, Rashford and Greenwood.
Maguire was crap... his positioning is horrible. His anticipation poor. The foul he does outside the penalty area laughable for a player of his (supposed) calibre.
1st half we played better than the 2nd. The difference?? Arsenal pressed higher up the pitch
What you dont understand is that Fred, Scott, Matic.... its not that much the players fault. Its Oles tacticts. Even when Pogba plays there he has instructions to stay back. Mctominay the same. Fair enough he doesnt have a good passing range but he could be stepping inside the penalty area and causing trouble, but its Oles tactics.
FFS get Diablo in the squad and get DVB on the pitch .  Job Done ! Wake up Ole.
Arsenal drew the match without Aubameyang, Saka and Tierney.  But to be fair to United, they also played without Fernandes.
Everything is to slow why because they are not doing it on the training so they can’t do it in the game. Because Ole is not coaching them he is inept needs to move on at the end of the season no matter what
Ole is clueless and can only play one way. Negative tactics and wont take risks to try and win a game. Happy taking a point of the big 6. Weak mentality. Also bruno penandez goes missing yet again in the big game. To many average players with an average clueless manager.
VDB, VDB, VDB, VDB......please Ole!!!
N who is donny going to play with he just  runs around  no one on his wave length pogba didn't do enough as well
Thanx u mark i dont understand why ole dont use donny van der beek ole still need a lot to learn
Rashford played bad. BUT he’s being played off position. He’s never comfortable playing on the right (ask yourself why Martial is never played on the Right), because he’d be worse. We need a proper Winger.
Will never win anything with sonic the hedgehog rashford n fluff my lines martial as starters squad
Cavani should get better service.  He KNOWS where the net is, but our younger players are sacrificing a win for United by trying to be the hero.  Seeing Cavani standing there in frustration might well see him think, SOD IT!
Stop playing with the hand brakes on ffs.... This is frustrating.....
Raahford is not even in his favorite position, come on, be fare to everyone, Bruno didn't even do anything in the match, at least Marcus was creating chances for us.
Why you so harsh with Rashford, if he's not on the field last night, how many chances do you think we were gonna get?
Bruno invisible second half and doesn't sub him
Congrats OLE for your first early substitution 😂
The irony of a former impact sub not knowing how or when to make subs is comical
If Saka, Auba and Tierney played, it would have been a more  open game, which means more space for counter attack.
Today we see the difference between a real manager with tactics and a PE TEACHER  OLE OUT
Edinson cavani was so poor he missed too many chances.
Mark we had no backing from are broad and were 2nd in the league, even got to dream for a couple weeks about winning the league. Get why your frustrated but we're Central Defender holding midfield and Centre forward and winger away from challenging. Hopefully we can gets some players out to get better quality in for next season. Here dreaming hopefully we get lucky when there ,a week left and we signed no one.
Ole outttttt
No style of play against the top 6 It’s easy dominating bottom of the league teams
Ole out
Change manager.
Bottling the title when other teams have defence and strikers missing
Once again lack of urgency ole played for a draw not good enough reaction
those chances we missed cost us
We couldn't beat a weakened arsenal team, forget the title
ManU is light years away from even getting close to thinking about titles. Forget the next 4- 5 seasons
Man city have tough 4 games out of 6 . Don't loose hope.
100% agree w Mark recap
OSG’s treatment of VDB and sticking to his favoritism will ultimately lead to his downfall. He continues to NOT learn from his mistakes
Not only do we play better with Bailly in the lineup but the players look happier to play and more energetic
To all you deluded United fans,  number 21 isn't coming anytime soon. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This game was screaming for DVB creativity... if I’m being honest I’d have put on ighalo. He would be that pest in the box to unsettle David luiz   OGS man management and in game managamet has always been terrible it’s not even a surprise anymore... we could be losing 3-0 and he wouldn’t make a sub until around the 80th minute 🙄🙄. Bruno screams at the players more than ole
Mark you are judging with your heart here. You give Cavanni a 4 and in the same breath you give Martial and Ole a 5. Come on man
I said I would only back Ole if he stuck with Bailly and never used Lindelof-Maguire ever again unless he had to.  I always knew he would go back to it eventually even though we've been at our best with Bailly. Oles favouritism of average players like Lindelof and McTominay have cost us massively this season.
Baffles me why he doesn’t bring subs on! Literally waits for Scott too go down when it was obvious he needed too come off
Can’t believe he didn’t bring donny on. Such disrespect!
United play mcfred together and this results in boring defensive football, city did the same w/ gundo and rodri at start of the seson and played defensive football and lost games, then they moved gundo forward in attack and now look at them, united should move fred forward
Ole is never a coach to take us forward and he is very biased like Mourinho .. has a bigger ego than the club itself , may VDB should leave
Cant we protest for Donny ?
MU Tagline: Football is the Art of giving the ball away!!!
united deserve a better coaching staff .united putting vdb on the bench wow . ole dont like to win i guess
Ole's in game management is poor. The difference between an elite manager and an average manager is their in game management and that's what wins you trophies. Unfortunately Ole can't improve, hence, we can't win a trophy.   My suggestion; He has steadied the ship. Let his contract run out by May and get a more attacking experienced manager. I believe we have enough flair players to be playing like city and Liverpool.
Haaland, Sancho, Grealish, Rice, Upamecano are my dream signings! I think we could challenge for the title with those players and obviously we aren’t going to buy all of these players in one season because it’s not Career Mode unfortunately.
Ole needs to be sacked at the end of the season
Not a terrible result?! Mark, is not! How many more "that's a good draw" are you going to say?! Is not good enough! Fucking hell, not good enough!
He isn’t brave enough in these big games. Especially, with the away winning streak. It made sense today in some ways because we just lost to Sheffield United. A loss today could have broken confidence in the team.
Also united need to start to walk over teams and just destroy them,  like beat them 4-0,5-0 comfortably
25:48 🤣🤣🤣 Mark’s pain and humility eases my pain I must say 👍🏻
Solskjaer plays not to lose, not to lose his job, that's lame. He has to go in the summer.
Man sick of us not scoring goals we would only win a title if we get upamecano, grealish, Sancho and haaland.
I remember when we used to lose under fergie.  You would feel sorry for the team we play against next.  We would be angry and wanting to prove we are the best
We don’t flow as a team, watching Liverpool and City there attacks flow in waves.
Ole needs to realize that Rashford is a waste on the right! Bench martial and play Greenwood on the right and restore Marcus to his best position
Ole is scared
So much for your 3-2 prediction - it was obvious he would play Fred - McTominay to protect the Tweedle twins its a matter all the time against the top teams - sit deep men behind the ball hit on the break .
Ole out, board out, deadwood out. Bring in Hans Flick now!!
Mark, you high as a kite if you don’t see how good wanbissaka played today.
Ole needs to improve in his tactics but not playiing Donny he screwed up
Your defending of Martial is getting ridiculous.. we know Cavani missed chances but not for the last few months.. Get over it
Ole out
Kinda weird when u think about it last year we unbelievable against the big sides and useless against the rest now it’s the other way around
sack ole
He's got no tactics that's why he spends all his time looking at his iPad 😂😂😂
Unless the game’s wide open, then Rashford is useless.
Title?? Man Utd will not even finish in Top 4.
We need a proper LW and for 7-8 years we've needed a proper fkn RW
Ole is incompetent
Ole out! He is out of his depth, he didn’t dare to make change.
We are poor not good enough ole is tactically inept and the most we're getting is top 4 if we don't win a title I'm sorry but ole has to go
You’d think you guys would do better against the better teams, considering you’re tactically a counterattacking team.
Favouritism, never change tactics, never make subs, match selections are poor, players are 💩 still VDB can’t get a game....not even cameo in a game. All this frustrates you Mark, yet you’re still Ole in. Why??? Because these are exactly reasons why I’m Ole out. And I’m not driving agendas and crying out loud for sacking. Of course he’s not going anywhere now. But in no way should he be given a new contract. After season he should go, no matter where we finish. Just my opinion.
Let’s go Manchester United , we can do this . I like that AWB move forward a lot this game
Please go on aftv again with don robbie
The DVdB situation is taking the piss out of him now. The thing is, Ole is clearly saving him for “his time”....but he’s NEEDED now.
Negative reviews I'm happy with the point. We're over achieving
Smith Rowe wow ..... best midfielder out there today
Ole is lying about Donny when he said its a long season when he said he would use Donny
Imagine getting cleansheets against city, Arsenal, Liverpool and Chelsea and still saying Maguire isnt any good. I would say he’s done his job, it’s the forward players letting the team down. Too inconsistent and play off the cuff with no real direction or pattern of play
Ole has done a brilliant job at United considering his CV. He's taken United as far as he can. Next season we need to get a top, or potentially top, manager who plays exciting football like Nagelsmann or ten Hag. Otherwise we will regret it like with Guardiola and Klopp.
I would like to see Matic and VDB in the centre instead of McFred.
Win the Premiership and Ole should be given a war chest to buy Sancho, Rice and Upamecano. Utd can still win the Premiership without winning against Top 6. Just win the rest
But Mark, Ole could’ve gone for Dialo & VDB on the wings. He didn’t even use them as subs. We’re so one dimensional
It's more than two years since OLE was appointed. We cannot say he needs time anymore.
Deluded if you think Man United will win anything
I have said it before Ole isnt good enough, VDB doesnt deserve this treatment what a player we are wasting he shouldnt have come here sad tactically inept management awful
Mark I think your massively underrating the Arsenal defence. We’re a very organised side now, with the second best statistical defence in the league thus the reasoning for you having very few chances created
I never want to see more than two of Rashford greenwood martial or cavami start games  Top heavy with zero balance
We were pooor 2nd half cuz Pogba had to go back in the mid and martial just cannot hold the ball like him on the left. Martial time and time again cannot make simple passes. Rashford over pushes the ball. Shaw passes the ball to Casper.
'A right back who can't cross his legs'. Classic.
Thus, our chances, opportunities whatsoever gone for good. Now I am confident Solskjaer has serious issues with Dutch players. He  let go De ligt to Liverpool and chose Lindelof instead. Now he purposely overlooks De Beek. Solskjaer going to give us a permanent status as mid table team.
Ole makes the same mistakes everytime he does not learn! U have to question him and his coaching staff when they can go on a run and then fall off time and time and again. There is something clearly WRONG at the club. As a coach Ole is an amateur there is no doubt about that now. The subs and VDB issue will bring ole down he needs to fix up. Mark your also makin excuses for Ole. His tactics cost us games no the board not backin him
We beat you 6 1 at Mould Trafford.
Or this team                De Gea Twanzebe Baily shaw       Pogba Fred Donny          Diallo Bruno     Greenwood Cavani
We probably need to go back to 352 and get our rhythm and consistency back!!                De Gea Twanzebe Baily shaw      Pogba Mctom Fred         Donny Bruno     Greenwood Cavani
United had the better and more chances
scotts condition surely was known before the start of the match and if so the amount of time it took for Ole to make the change seeing him in so much pain is unforgivable just terrible management .No words about rashford this week..i honestly dont think hes been that good since before his back injury bar a few matches , SHOCKING
Who will they get in May to replace ole?
If Donny told off Ole i don't think that it would be disrespectful!  I think that he would be well within his rights ! Ole off that idiot coach ! Kmft !
P.E teacher back to default settings 😂😂😂
Ole must go. No ideas. Same nonsense every week. Can only score fast break goals.
stop repeating yourself
Ole is  United legend ? But he is not a competent manager.
hi mark please reply
No, ole is not the manager to take us to win anything.
Under ole this is his comfort level playing slow defensive  football.
Ole is there to mk sure we will not win the title.
Either stick with ole or we sack him Ole  does not learn from his mistakes.
Ole is good at lying.
Ole played for a draw.
Then stick with ole and you will have the same  footballing  stylevu under Ole, .Mark.
Do you  still think ole will win anything  at United?
Glazers Woodward and sadly ole out
We are a midtable  team under ole gunner free style.
Mark what are you on about wan bissaka is good at attacking
Mark , this is Ole's level. He is a midtable  manager at best.
Having said that
I don't trust  ole  to win anything  Mark.
Ole is totally Killing Van de beek's confidents !
I look forward till May when ole is sacked and we bring in Nagelsman.
We were simply not good enough.  Under ole we have become a midtable  Footballing Team like Arsenal.
Can't see united winnon the prem with Ole and his one tactic. In the summer we should get a dm, rw and another cb then we should see improvements.  But overall Ole has proven so far that he is not good enough to win anything serious.  He may improve but I not sure, and if ole gets a contract extension, then the board is letting us know that they don't want to win anything.
Cavani Mata  bruno  donny Paul  fred  This should be front 6 Wednesday and today
Some players were good some weren’t no need for rash to be racially abused this ain’t our fans! he’s a Manchester lad that’s one of our best players how much more of a representative of our club do you want?  Do all our players have to be white and live within the Trafford area, if they do we’re going down x
I think this has been coming. Really we haven't been playing well for a while but was getting away with it. Can't remember the last time I enjoyed watching a game. Rashford needs benching give the young lad a go looked good in U23s.
Mark is talking crap ole has got £300m that’s more than enough backing
Always remember mark sing we are top league Where it??
Ole can't change tactics during the game or halftime, too busy playing candycrush on his ipad....
I think Cavani only had one chance;the first one was blocked by a defender for a corner kick
I hate when we’re going into big games and defend It’s so annoying, I totally agree Mark, we are too afraid to attack
I honestly don’t see why DVB can’t play with Pogba in front the back 4
Bruno can’t do it in the big league games....FACT
Title challengers my arse! 🤣
Ole don't deserve to have a player as technically gifted as Donny Van de beek!  Kmft !!!
I forgot donny van der beek played for United
That was not a title chasing team in 2nd playing a 10th in the league developing team. It's so sad that if Ole had a real CDM/CM we'd be able to play much more positively. I love Fred but there needs to be a real first team player with him
It’s the coach
We attack so slowly...it drives me insane.
It’s quite simple, our attack is not good enough. Rashford and Martial are way too inconsistent, there is barely any service to the main striker. The defence is NOT the main issue.
Rashford is not capable at all..he can’t look up..embarrassing as a Untd player
Look podga is fucking up the dressing room tbh Mark
Always balanced , fair play again Mark , LFC .
No quality CB, No CDM, no back up quality wingers means average team, we need the quality to compensate for average coaches
the way ole the wally is handling donny is a joke
The jury isn't still out on Ole, he's not good enough he's tactically incompetent and his in game management is woeful, he's just not good enough it's that simple!
3:42
Another rashy performance
We need a striker and some decent wingers. Martial and Rashford ain't cutting it. Cavani is just a temporary fix but doesn't get the service.
United simply aren't ready for major trophies, they should go for f.a cup best chance of silverware maybe europa
Mark its not like we lost buddy not ole fault mark
Ole needs to go .he is not a United manager .fed up of this clueless manager ..we doesn't deserve to be in title race .ole out
We were winning games against the top 6 with Lingard and mcfred in the team last season? Don’t get what’s going on with us this season.
Seriously I cannot believe the comments after dropping 5 points,two weeks ago the comments were all about ole winning the league untill Rio Ferdinand opened his mouth,he's like the kids of death,but him aside the fickle United supporters are shameful,United have progressed but so so have city etc so iether back the manager or sack him but don't flip flop like clueless politician.
Ah not the the van beek talk again 🙄🤣🤣🤣
Luke Shaw MaoTM??!! On the shot by Pepe ( just by a whisker went out) Shaw was not on the entire TV field, he supposed to be the left defender!! He goes forward just Ok = average, not much effective like Evra, but defensively he is below average, he is a 4-5 point defender 5-6 point attacker
Cavanis been here for a few months martial has been here for a few years , not slagging martial but he should be performing now
Arteta has learned from working with Pep
SoulShire
the reason he doesnt play vdb is that he is not ready yet
Rashford and Martial have a complacency that's always evident on players that know they are undroppable.
I'm sorry but Martial doesnt make it. I love the guy, bought his shirt during his first season but he is so inconsistent and frustrating to watch. He doesnt bring much to the team and had enough time to prove himself.
Should have got callum Wilson hahaha
Ole Out!
"Scott Mctominay goes off with the shits" 😂😂😂😂😂
Ole will never change so get RID
No pen no party👀
Rashford has been playing horribly for a long time now. It's nothing new. He gets the ball and stands static with his right leg up trying to fake like he's gna do something but even a blind man can see that he has no clue what to do. His football intelligence is virtually non existent.  Ole has his favorites and that will be the fall of this great club.
I was seriously looking at a "bounce back" from the players today following the disaster against Sheff Utd, this wasn't it.
We can pass from the back, but Bailly needs to play with Maguire. Not cause he is a better passer, but Lindelof and Maguire is to shaky, and Lindelof doesn't run forward with the ball, but Bailly does that all the time, I think Bailly is our best CB.
Brilliant mark so you support ollie but your saying all hes good at is picking the team to start snd that's it lol well you do that before every game we can all do that its about managing the in game that's why you need a good manager that's his job
We (Arsenal) didn't even have our key players to create chances. Had they been on the pitch, I'm certain we would have scores a few goals.
Glazers will be happy with top 4...as usual.
Rashford was horrendous. Surely donny can't be any worse.
Ole is tactically enept!!
its funny how when we were winning games you didnt say anything about Van de beek ......we draw to arsenal and its "ooo i dont know what Van de beek has to do to be in the team" y'all are clowns
all boils down to what? coaching not good enough! some credit to ole but its like he out of ideas.
title pretenders, bruno can't even lace kdbs shoes
Its a bad result. Period.
How can you be pro ollie then every game list the things ollie doesn't do well hes crap ollie is well average 90 % of the fans on this channel would get the same results as ollie does! When do we ever an I meen ever say wow that was tactical brilliance from ollie he won us that game never never because ollie is not good enough
We need someone to score goals consistently, all our players produces great moments, but not consistent enough to win league.
Mark is definitely pissed off. Don’t blame him
Utd fans are delusional- you are doing really well for a team that hasn't been near the top for years and you are expecting more. You'd be delighted if you were living in the real world.
This is not about man utd winning anything we are nowhere near with this manager this is now like water torcher! it's about watching ollie just doing enough to keep his job just when you think hes ready for the sack we scrape results and Ollie's safe then we have bad run and when you think he mite go we have a mini run and  again hes safe it's like torcher where not playing well either in all this he just does enough for the bourd not to sack him it's like toothache
I’ve been getting an ad every 5 min recently on the TUS channel. Could you please try and change this as it’s very disturbing.
Ole start to loos game again get out we loos next game as well
Luke Shaw needs to have a talk & practice/training with the forwards as he legit wud be top in assists this season
Ole should think of the team and leave we need a better manager who has ideas not just say we need to press as a team and defend as team lmao only get you so far and this is the peak
These nil nils are getting on my nerves, sure it is better than losing but still. 🙄 😠
Was nobody else shocked at how long it took for McTominay to be taken off, I thought he started brilliant aswell its a shame. But he was clearly in agony, he could have had a real serious problem there and he was left on for ages. I think the staff let him down today. Shocking
We wait until may and access the situation and be a proper football club judge him then we have got go 4 semi finals and that’s it so far
When United win people dont want to talk about Ole not playing Donny. As soon as we drop points suddenly Donny should have played. WTF
Playing mcfred, Harry the Hoover with lindelof the vacuum the game is over ole is a coward
Cavani a 4! Are u taking the piss mate. 1st chance is a shot pass from Shaw with lot’s of pace on it . 2nd chance he has to volley a ball that comes in slightly behind him. Hardly sitters buddy.
It is unfair to say that Wan Bisakka can cross his legs. I think he has gotten better at crossing. We’re just crap in the box - didn’t he cross the ball when Cavani tried the scissors kick?
Man City didn’t dominate Sheffield.
Are we still in title race or top 4 target?
Wa/Ollie out
fed up of this martial didnt have one bad game vs sheffield. He has been terrible all season. TERRIBLE. Rashford is incosistent as fk but has his good games. Martial is bad every gameat the moment
Top four should be a minimum considering how much we’ve spent.
Good vibes FC 😎
Ole is not attacking manager
Ole out there playing 1D chess...
Where are the people telling us  "be patient. VDB will get his chance". Another game where he could've come on but, the manager doesn't use him. Admit it, Ole has favourites and it's at the detriment of the team.
I feel sorry for van de beek I'd love to have  him at arsenal
Should of bought greenwood on instead of an out of form Martial, game was there to be won Didn’t take it, we will get top four but we won’t win a title.
rashford, maguire, know even if they don't perform or having an off day, they are automatic picks next game. maguire plays every single game. ole is weak
Every time a team has a corner it’s pure panic
man utd is a mid table...top championship   side at best...with ole manager...phelan carrick  on coaching staff.if ole was at chelsea he would had gone months ago.
I love Martial even if he is having a rough spell, but has anyone noticed he doesn't run at people any more? Just passes it back wards. when he makes a decent run the ball is never played through to him either.  His confidence looks completely gone with a while and looks like the team have lost confidence in him too.
Diallo should be playing as an impact player 😡 safest position on the pitch with Wan Bisaka behind him 😡
Time for Van De Beek the answer is sat on the bench unused
Funny how you're giving Cavani a 4 for missing chances but routinely gave Martial 7s and 8s all season long for missing chances loool...clearly not being consistent.
Dream over
The players who got ole cant manage
Everything spot on Mark but why do the players play with no balls 🤔 they actually playing with skirts on. They are so scared that they keep passing till the lose with no creativity crap need more quality players in the right areas to make a difference and then I hope ole grows a pair.
Good game 🤟
Pass the bloody ball properly to Cavani and he will score. He never received a decent pass all bloody day. How the hell is he supposed to score when the other forwards just want to shoot all the time instead of passing to Cavani!
how is ole a manager?🤣😂 arteta clearly showed him who is a "better" manager. the man who didn't take off fred against psg when he was on a yellow card tells you he is clearly a "pe teacher".
Mark when the result doesn’t go our way you slate Solskjaer just say it get rid of this fool end of season it’s no disgrace he’s not up to it .
Could live with a draw if utd had beaten Sheffield utd.
What the hell is going on with Donny?!  Im so beyond frustrated by his non playing situation.  Its not like he isn’t good.  He’s played well in every appearance for us.  Gotta give him consistent time Our midfield will look soooooooo much better.
Look Goldbridge,let's stopped hitting the bush,lets put pressure on the board to fire Ole,we need proper Manager and good coaches,man united is sinkingin the hands of Ole,why he doesn't like VDB,it's a disgraceful.
Sign Leon Bailey for Christ sake !!! He is what we need not bloody sancho!!!
We keep talking about the 5 league games where we failed to score against the big boys with mcfred...lost 2-0 to city in cup game with mcfred also
rashford had a great chance too mark, and he didn't even get a shot away....he really doesnt seem to have any football instincts.....
We cannot start next season with ole if we do we are doomed!!!!
David Luiz Man of the match.
2nd half we were outplayed
How many yrs are you going to say ole is work in progress lol
So this our board blind,they should know we don't have good coach,they should sack Ole and bring proper manager and coaches,we are sick and tired of Ole,fire him,period.
is cavani as clinical as we think he is? IMO he's a top quality striker but not world class
Rashford to busy with tv work he shouldnt where the shirt!!!!!
the best team would be De Gea, Wvb, Twanza, Baily, Shaw,  Pogba, DVB, Fernandes, Cavani and Rashford. subs Fred, Diallo, Lindelof, Telles, Mctominany and Martial. formation 4-3-1-2 sell matic, maguire, mata, james, jones and lingard. buy upacamano, canviggna and sancho
no need for two defensive midfielders in that game, start either fred or mcsauce and put pogba and bruno ahead of him, or even put van de beek in and put bruno further forward.
Ole is killing the players he is NOT a manager
We are apparently relying too much on Bruno. If I was Ole I would have taken Bruno out and bring on VDB.
I  would let rashford leave over rated trash
Grow up mark with this rubbish work in progress he is awfull as a manager time to wake up from the fairytale we all wanted him to.succeed but time to sack him he clearly is not that man to take us where we need to be wake up
Always we talk the same,man united is afraid to sack Ole why?  he's killing  our great club,simply he's not good,he has no tactics to win big games.
I think in fairness to Ole it should be pointed out that, similar to after the leipzig game, we were playing a strong side following a terrible and avoidable loss, so it was just important not to lose. Now, obviously, we need to win the next few games, but that would have been much harder had we lost tonight
Wally out please at end of the season
Overall fair result. Average performance. I see eleven individuals. Eleven individuals who can win, if they all have their day. But not as a team. There are issues in the dressingroom, that is for sure. Issues which remain unknown for fans. There is one thing I want to mention though, which might be one of the problems. There is no security for players, which player except some managerial favourites, have played every match? Like it or not, but players do not like that insecurity wondering when and if they play. This is a classic act of mismanagement. Manchester United will be and remain a top 6 team for a long time if thus continues. Will they win any titles? I don't think so. They will remain the famous  "semi final bottlers".
Ole plays it safe and another draw is the result.
We will win nothing with this manager sooner people wake up the better!!!!!!
Ole out nobody having a laugh we have been lucky all season false position in table doesnt make a good manager we will not finish top 4thi would bet my life on it lucky to get 6th not.good enough
Did penalty merchant play today?🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂
Thought so. That's why I got an extra hrs sleep and just watched the last 20min
we should play 6-5-3-3-1 would win league
41:53
Ok Mark, so when does ole STOP being a work in progress? He’s been in management for 10 years so how long is he a work in progress before he’s experienced?
Wake up ole out simple !!!!!!  Wake up!!!
Ole why don't you start Van de Beek?
Ole is.not learning on job he as been there long enough now wake up he is.not a manager for from it never as he been a.manager
Cavani has a reputation for missing sitters at psg
we are too fucking slow, pedestrian boring passing, awb gets ball wide then passes back ,
Ole is not.ruthless enough by a long i bet my life rashford starts next game without doubt!!!!!!
Totally agree that Cavani has to score those chances, the difference between Cavani and Martial is that.... Cavani gets himself into the position to get those chances. I really don’t see Martial busting a gut to find pockets of space in the  box.
Ole is too inconsistent to take United to a title, whatever happens now come the end of the season he needs to go
Rashford is giving 5% drop the idiot!!
Agree that Ole is a work in progress. The problem is, Man U should not have a WIP manager.
Put Bailley in that team, we would still get the same result. Its not entirely about the lineup but that team lacks coaching. Shocking. Their movement, positioning, decision making and playing pattern is shocking.
Where was de beek? Shock sat on the bench
Great point on Cavani and Martial. Cavani needed lots of chances in Paris
And if we win?
Imagine Pep at United and Ole at City
Simple were crap manager crap nothing else to say
Mark Goldridge 2035: Ole is a work in progress
We brought him VDB and yet Ole doesn’t play him. So what makes us think if we buy him a RW he will actually play him
We can play the lineup we all want to see and still get the same results. We have no system, no playing pattern, no philosophy. Its free style football. Our players dont know what to do, these players lack proper coaching.  We are wasting talent. I feel sorry for Rashford and Martial they lack coaching which should improve movements and decision making. Their positioning, movements is shocking. They dont occupy positions which wingers should. Martial receiving the ball at the centre of the pitch all the time. What the hell is Ole doing in training. Shocking
Van de Beek isnt good enough to start right now. Hopefully, he will get a chance to play the next game looking at Bruno and Pogba not up to the mark at this moment.
the best chance fell to rashford and he misses it by messing around with the ball. maguire is rubbish again and needs to be dropped. should play 4-1-2-1-2 formation
Mr Goldbridge you are aloud to say Ole needs a new coaching set up instead Ole out lol I understand your frustrations but we need a new coaching set up keep Ole and get a world class coach
Come on, Cavani is proven top scorer, Martial has never been and will never be a number 9
Love the comment about Cavani vs Martial. So true
Skipped Pogba rating
Unfortunately Rashford was poor — he just constantly runs at people head down and doesn’t see passes — he looses the ball so much. Even Bruno has dipped.
Q: Why doesn't Ole  bring VDB? A: Because he is brainless and too grateful to have a job for which he was never eligible.
He skipped Pogba
Only positive from that game is Luke Shaw
This is what happens when individual brilliance doesn’t save the manager
The title race is over unless we buy a CB, CDM, and a RW player’s !!!
Ole is overawed by Arsenal due to its prominence when he played.  Bit like monopoly and mayfair😂😂😂
This United side is so overrated
mark is right, we have many deluded fans making excuses for shite results.
Dreadful.
Rashford shouldn't be moved to the rw in my opinion
You know what, if supporting Manchester United is so bad and not giving you the reflected glory that you thought was a guarantee, then support your local clubs.  Manchester will be fine without all the constant crying about how bad our little old football club is. We draw, we go to the next game, was ever thus.
Lost all cred giving Cavani 4.. love to see how many would score the second chance.
Could predict oles subs by now
when are you lot going to get it ''your just not good enough'' youl be lucky for top 4 never mind the pipe dream of winning it
Yeah skip Pogba rating and put 6 on Fernandes who has a stinker show your true coulours.
Martial been missing chances for years in the prem, Cavani miles better
I'm not Ole out but Ole this season is not getting the best of our attackers. Greenwood has declined and martial also. This bs of martial is doing badly because of competition is absolutely nonsense. We use to say greenwood is the next van persie but its looking badly but I hope he can improve because he has potential
Mc and Fred formula has had more cons than pros. Play VDB in the spot and play lindelof and Baily as they r more agile, and faster than Maguire. WBissaka is better than Rashford on the wings. Martial is drained and Stagnant now. ANY PLAYERS NOT PERFORMING, DROP THEM. MAKE THEM RUN FOR THEIR LIVES. THERE IS NO CHEMISTRY IN THE FEONT THREE. ATTACKING BUILD UP IS SO OBVIOUS AND PREDICTIVE THAT THE DEFENSE LINE IS ALL PREPARED TO COUNTER THE ATTACK. OLE STOP YOUR LAME EXCUSES. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF HOLDING THE POST DESPITE YOUR LACK OF IDEAS, STRATEGIES, MANAGING SKILLS. IF YOU LOVE MU, PLEASE LEAVR. OLE WILL NEVER REALISE. SO SACK HIM OUT.
No way we should bring Greenwood on after Martial came on. Ole needed to change the rhythm of the game and you’re spot on Van de Beek should’ve come on to change the tempo. Ridiculous substitutions by Ole.  Ole makes substitutions like he used to be subbed on in the last 10 mins.
Ole has no clue at all he is not a taction if he doesn't know how to use donny he is not a coach for united get rid of him
United is a team full of MOMENTS PLAYERS.....
The second fergie left, we needed a top drawer manager to fill the void. Biggest club in the world along with madrid/barca, and we got moyes straight after fergie. Moyes was nowhere near that level. And we slipped too far down too quickly. Managers like van gaal never had a chance as we slipped too far too quick. We suffered ever since. I mean, mourinho, we won silver, Europa league maybe beneath the fergie era, but it was a great achievement nevertheless.  Too much changed. A couple of big names left at same time as fergie, and it was too much at the same time.
Ole you p.e. teacher let vdb go and you must resign
"Wan Bissaka Couldn't cross his own legs"
I actually thought Arsenal were the better side. We cant play through teams, all our chances come from winning the ball high up or countering. Our football is horrible.
Frustrating to watch, we seem so tense at the back. We had some good counters at times, but we just ruined it everytime
I still don't believe Ole is for the long-term. He deserved credits for where we r at the moment. But he doesn't have what we need to get to the next level.
Supporting Manchester United isn't a television show that should guarantee reflected glory.  Some of us remember going 26 years without winning the league and that included relegation, but we were never reduced to crying about anything and everything. The sooner we have match-going supporters back in grounds actually supporting a football club and get away from this tiresome nonsense, the better.
how can you give pogba a 6 and rashford a 2 ? x)
VDB RW, we breaking through everybody
Wolly’s subs take a bloody lifetime!! And when he does make it Mcsauce has to be dead on the floor to be carried off then he realises, Vdb might as well warm up all his Utd career!!
Rashford and Martial should be competing for a place on the left.
cant wait for west ham to win the league
The difference between the Great United sides and this team ,.....it hurt like hell when they  didn't win ,...it doesn't hurt enough to these players
Why buy all the players in and not use them? What did Smith Rowe do to get a start? We have a right-winger called Amad Diallo. How worse can he play than what we saw today?
Goldbridge for united manager, *Hello, 3rd division North*
Rashford and Martial are the worst when it comes to decision making. They have great shooting and dribbling technique though.
I'm so fed up of the negative approach to big games. McFred is just too defensive. Maguire and Lindelof is too negative as well, because it means we have to play a deep line
Ole only makes subs 75th and 80th min, drives me crazy
Do you think Eberiche Eze should be in the England squad?Would you like to have him at Man Utd?
If Lvg and Jose Mourinho had a love child together and it was boy, he would be called Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Let's be honest here but ole as taken us as far as he can.. He's to negative.. His game management is poor on times.. Utd will never ever win a title/silverware whilst under him.. That's a fact..
Sir Alex made a career out of drawing to his rivals and beating the lesser teams. This is NOT the end of the world
Not good enough.  *At all.*
Harsh on Rashford.
Counter attacking football, is the only thing Ole can coach,the next step, bossing a game is just beyond him at the moment, cause I know we've got the players to do it.
We need a Rw so Rashford can play in his preferred position
We wish we had Saka and Tierney on the pitch man, SUCH a BIG LOSS!!! 😤
Arsenal win that with Saka, Tierney and Aubameyang we have a full team and don’t create anything
Can't beat top 6 and can't beat bottom club can't finish top 4 ole must go
Ole showed his true colours with his favouritism by allowing Mctominay to be out there in that condition for so long.
Well, Ole just said getting a draw at Arsenal is progress 😂😂😂
Nah, this Mark guy knew he skipped pogba’s rating but didn’t wanna do his incase Bruno got less. Notice how as soon as he did pogba’s he went to check Bruno’s. This comparison bullshit is so exhausting ffs
I'm worried about Cavani been missing some big  chances lately
Just not quite good enough unfortunately a few players short at present. Top four probably Bit sad seeing the ball being played back with three minutes to go when Arsenal were there for the taking? Seems like a lack of ideas at the end....
As soon as Rashford and Bruno's performances decline, Ole doesn't have a clue.
Will not win anything with our manager. No plan B,C,D
Today's game was not bad today, we had chances, cavani should have scores, and the biggest error was Lindelof  playing instead of Bailly
OLE MUST GO FOR THE FUTURE OF THE CLUB.
Ole is a weak manager. Ole does nothing about improvements from players. Many cant head properly. Attacking pattern is so obvious and predictive. Maguire and Pogba takes ages to turn and yet they are the ones who holds the ball too much. VDB is mostly benched. Fred and McTominnay pattern has had more cons than pros. Martial has become dull and stagnant, does not fall back fast. Rashford is turning selfish by the day and his play indicates that he has been insteucted to attempt every ball for himslef and not pass the ball.
We Need VDB 😫
MCFRED starts against top 6, we already know the result 🤷🏽‍♂️
Oly will play D. Van de Beek when we drop to 5th or 6th place.
Feel bad for donny at this stage
He doesnt use Van De Beek because he wasnt Solskjaer's signing. Solskjaer did not want Van De Beek.
Anyone know whats going on with Donny? Did Ole not want him but was forced to buy him. The young man's life is being ruined so he should be allowed to leave?
We cant blame Ole when cavani and rashford miss sitters
Mc Fred hahaha
We bottle when we have opportunities to  get a trophy just like in the semifinals smh
I love United but football is simple: United have inferior players, an inferior manager and an inferior club leadership behind the scenes compared to the title winning teams of this era.
DVDB just needs to leave in the summer .. wasted talent atm
On God!!!!!  I’m really angry
Why are you giving Fred a 6 he was fucking awful
Ole is the biggest scapegoat ever win lose or draw always a problem he’s not to blame for to day we had are chances and mark you go on about how Arteta made a tactical sub didn’t really change to much a draw was fair
This team is up and down, playing with my emotions
Ole is not a bad coach. He just can’t compete at the level of Pep and Klopp. Only way Ole will win a title over them is if both teams fall way off, he can’t raise the team to their level.
There’s been like one game all season where we comfortably looked the better team
Paul Scholes said: "the former United squads were gutted to not win any game, these guys are ok with whatever"...
Watch what Keane said tonight great point
VDB should be given a chance, clearly players are off form
Ole the fraud!! Has no tactics,no back up plans. Always pics his favourite players😡😡 his luck is also running out. Drop rashford for a few games.
Well, remember the result against Tottenham.
I think top 4 is the target! And ole’s bin promised signings in the summer.....👀
Am I happy with the result not really both teams cancelled each other out so a draw is fair but the thing that’s annoying me how people think we can actually win the league like come on wasn’t a few months ago everyone was saying this season was about getting closer to city and Liverpool on points which at this moment in time we are doing but what do I know where in a crisis now this is why cup competitions are just as important this season
Complete overreaction to every result: win, draw or lose.  Crying like petulant children. This isn't a great United team, the players constantly lauded as great on here are average to good at best.  Is what it is, wise up, United ain't great, manager aint good enough, players aint good enough and haven't been good enough under two, even three managers.  Dig in, sometimes you need to put a bit of graft in on and off the pitch.  It's the difference between actually supporting a football club and supporting a television show that should guarantee reflected glory.
Fred is underrated. He plays with his heart strength and for the batch. Why don’t we play this way at old trafford?
Ricky’s fancam later:  RICKY! DAN JAMES AND MATIC WERE EXCELLENT!
