I am really glad that they didn’t keep the “mushroom kingdom here we come” line in the movie
ashs polite sipping in the background when the audio rises is peak techie.
Bro was talking about  the stars like there were master emeralds😂
The live stream is over and I’m still able to type and chat
Charles would have been a TERRIBLE decision to voice Mario in the movie. What works well for short voice clips does not work for a movie.
After watching the movie, I was pleasantly surprised with Chris Pratt's voice acting for Mario. I don't think it's that bad and I like that Mario has attitude. I think it suits his personality given that his character is usually confronting Bowser and his minions. I don't think the trailer did a very good job in showcasing Mario cause it seems Chris cleaned up his voice acting with mario since then. Of course, I do love Charles's voice acting for Mario but Chris actually did a decent job. I loved how Peach was portrayed in the movie compared to her "damsel in distress" personality in the games. She's actually badass and independent. I didn't see the trailer before the movie so I don't know if they made changes to Mario after everyone saw the trailer. It doesn't look like they made changes.
Ah, this was it. My first GTLive.
Have never been the biggest Mario franchise fan but even I recognizze that Chris Pratt is not fit for the role as Mario, what happened to the italian accent?  Perhaps It's because I'm not a Chris Pratt stan...
11:18 I think Matt is 100% right here since Koopas were indeed the main enemy in the film instead of Goombas.
Okay, after watching the movie, I have to ask, was this whole Chris Pratt bad voice just one big troll?
You look like you are gonna turn into the Kettlemans and Matt is the woman Kettleman
that was toad saying "mushroom kingdom here we come"
16:29 it is my dream to meat Miyamito before I die, and maybe....just maybe get to work on a Nintendo game one day 🙏
4:28 Bros speaking the most heartwhelming facts
CAN YOU PLEASE GOD STOP PAUSING THE TRAILER I CAN’T EVEN ENJOY HALF OF THE REACTION🙏🙏🙏🙏😠😠😠😠
Not MatPat predicting "Peaches"
wow he guessed like the whole movie within the first 5 minutes lmao
eh, while there were songs in the movie it wasnt exactly a musical (Thank goodness)
Yet matpat didn't predict that peach isn't from the mushroom kingdom she's from earth she wandered into the warp pipe as a baby
This has nearly got 1,000,000 views good job matt
Why did you cut out half the trailer?!?!
After more trailers Chris pratts voice on mario is not a problem anymore the movie is going to be so good
May bring a hater makes me sad. This movie is going to be really good.
I spent hours of my life stomping...KOOPAS!
stomping koopas
On the mention of Charles Martinet being a talented voice actor, if people don't know already and need further evidence just look at everyone's favourite Dragon Bro, Paarthurnaxx
I hope they mention something about Mario having a dark idea in the movie and Toad calling him a psychopath. it’d pay homage to MatPat’s “Mario is a psychopath@ theory
To be honest, I thought Chris Pratt was emotional during his interview in the direct.
So, IN MY OPINION (THIS IS JUST MY OPINION AND I KNOW OTHER PEOPLE HAVE DIFFERANT ONES AND I RESPECT THAT) Mario SHOULD have a new york Italian accent, because in ALL the animated series, he's a new york plumber, THAT IS WHY HE HAS A NEW YORK ACCENT, all the OGs will probably agree with me on this one... Mario will most likely become more and more Italian as we go through the movie, due to the fact that he no longer has anyone to perpetuate an accent like it, (The toad accent is so hard to master that he would just revert to whatever he was raised with/more comfortable with XD)
MatPat may be busy but I feel like if you were paying him like $25 million, he'd spend like 30 minutes getting a good 5 minutes of promo footage. Holy crap.
Everyone not very happy about Chris playing Mario or the design of Mario people are crazy I am excited I love both no often what's wrong with Americans constantly complain about everything without even giving it a chance
wait the aircraft looked more like a zoomed in fighter jet
I love the vid. All the vids are great.Matpat has my respect AWESOME theories.But between Matpat pausing every second and the ads I can't even watch the trailer.
I think it’s quite fitting that all the non-interactive _Mario_ releases (the 1989 _Super Show,_ the other two TV series, the questionable live-action movie from 1993, and now this) give the Brothers a NY accent while the games (excepting _Hotel Mario_ for the Philips CD-I) give them an Italian Accent with Charles Martinet as the VA.
11:05 I think Chris was _going_ to say “goombas” but then remembered that the _Mario Bros_ arcade game has no goombas, only Koopa Troopas (a.k.a. “Shellcreepers”), Sidesteppers, Fighter Flies, and Freezies (a.k.a. “Slipices”). Goombas first appeared in _Super Mario Bros_ for the Famicom/NES.
Jack Black is the 🐐
Who should’ve voiced Mario instead then?
Luigi! Mah boi!
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I agree with mat we need a different va, I mean.. MARIO IS A ITALIAN PLUMBER???!!
21:48
I thought they were going to confirm the theory that you made about how the mushroom people r evil💀
Funny how Chris Pratt Embarrass  the whole world just by saying "stomping.........koopas" even though the original mario Bros game you don't stomp on koopas but hit then and kick
there should be a point in the movie where bowser captures peach and they have duet (since they are the prominent singers)
It’s funny there’s a clip of JB doing the Bowser voice and I am SURE nobody would ask crispy rat to do Mario
Proof that Charles Martinet has range: Paarthurnax.
MatPat’s hair looks so good here, I keep expecting an eye piercing or an ear piercing to appear when he turns to the side
When MatPat's theory is wrong for the first time... 21:47
Mario's animation style reminds me of a mix of the games and the awful live action movie that came out in the 90's.
7:18
Okay hear me out. In trailer 2 there are moments that don’t sound like Chris Pratts “Mario” voice at all. At 0:52 his “he he he” is much raspier and nasalier than any of his previous lines. Same at 1:30. His “woah” is much raspier and also has much more of a Brooklyn feel to it. Lastly his scream and wahoo at the end just feel so off like they come from left field entirely. My proposal is, call this a film theory if you will, that this trailer is made for the purpose of deception. Chris Pratt has a Brooklyn Mario Super Show esque impression that is yet to be revealed that will bring even more hype to the movie after release. Akin to how marvel trailers have edited trailers. … Or maybe I’m in denial who knows. That’s just a film theory. And cut 🎬
You really should watch the second trailer if you haven't already, it leaves a much better first impression in my opinion.
Matpat!!!! It's been days since the new trailer, WATCH IT
Matpat is so fine tbhhhh
So many people give craps about chris pratt not sounding italian enough,   but in reality,   mario is also from brooklyn new york.  that's where he did his plumbing job,   and we have proof that he did it in brooklyn,   THE SUPER MARIO BROTHER SUPER SHOW.  both the live action parts and the animated parts, mario and luigi always mention them being in brooklyn. so in reality, Chris is doing just fine
Me coming from the second official Mario Movie trailer: to be honest I’m pretty disappointed in Matpat’s reaction. He’s roasting Chris Pratt into the pavement. Just because he paused for a moment and he lend Mario his voice. Poor guy. He’s definitely trying to put his own spin on the character. You might even be surprised for character development. I know I certainly am!  I can’t wait to see this movie in theatres next year! It’s going to be better than the Sonic Movies (never saw them) and the Detective Pikachu movie (which I effectively saw in theatres). Looking forward to it.
Now I need an analysis of the second trailer!
"Look at all the Mario games, Bowser is just looking for someone to fill the void in his life"   So uh, destroying the universe and remaking it is part of this?
Mario is canonically in his 20s, not 35-40
Anyone else find Chris Mario Pratt hot?
The French dubbed voice for Mario is 1000 times better then Chris Pratt.
mario looks like he came straight out of wreck it ralph😭
my favorite thing is that you cant stomp enemies in the original mario bros arcade game
sonic and super mario is gonna collab how much you want too bet
Let's be real, if Mario had his normal voice for the movie it would get real annoying real quick.
Definitely The Bowser Story!!🥲🤩 how a middle-aged male widow is going to make his inner Chaos the world Reality 🤪 definitely going toward that Pro-Wrestler Vibes.. Body Slamming Goombas
Imagine that mushroom part being the mushroom gorge from Mario kart wii
I wonder if Rosalina will be involved in this plot considering it's about Bowser collecting stars. Idk.
I love jacks sense of humor
Bro I died when Pratt said stomping koopas 😂
Please tell me it looks like Chris Pratt was reading a script poorly hahahahah
I want a Bleck tease in the credits, nothing else matters to me
Instead of paying two people to play Mario & Luigi, they could have just brought Charles Martinet back to play them both; less money to pay the actors, less fuss & muss from the fan base.
Lou Albano will forever be my Mario.
The fact Matpat was able to predict that Mario have a New York accent AND that the movie would be a musical is absolutely insane to me
I'm placing my bets, there's gonna be a delay. While I don't exactly like Chris's voice for Mario I can sorta get past it because even I think hearing Martinet's voice of Mario for a whole movie will get kinda stale. However, the fans have spoken and the memes are there, many people HATE Mario's voice direction and Nintendo will see it. So I'm betting there gonna delay so they can get some type of decent voice delivery for Mario from Chris
Going back to an episode of Film Theory about Jurassic World where MatPat says 'Founders of the Chris Pratt appreciation club. Seriously, this man can do no wrong in my eyes' This video: Oh how the turn tables. (And yes, you read that right. Turn tables)
“OOOOOOOOOOOO NOOOOOOOOOOOO noooooooo” -matpat 2022 well reacting to Mario movie trailer.
The lack of energy in the line mentioned at 36:02 could be contributed to the fact that Mario is unfamiliar with this new world he's found himself in. He sounds unsure of himself and everything around him. So while he sounds eager for the adventure, he's not confident in himself to give the kind of energy we usual hear in the games. Not all people are immediately full of confidence when approaching unknowns, after all. He sounds like he has a enthusiastic amount of 'Lets do this, but let's do this carefully.' It is a high possibility that as his adventure continues, his confidence will grow and his energy will grow alongside it, delivering that 'Lets'a GO!' line and attitude we've grown to known and love.
To be fair, I'm not sure I could listen to the video game voiced Mario for 90+ minutes...  Plus with Mario having very few voice lines throught the games, they don't really develop his character. I'm sure Chris did a fine job and I'll reserve judgment for the movie and not a tiny snipet in a trailer.
I remember seeing the live action in theaters. Never thought it was as bad as everyone said.  I can't wait to take my kiddo to see this.  Other than Pratt I think it will probably  be pretty good.
24:25 this is the moment i saw the among us/amogus on the cornet
so yeah live action for this has been done
the mushrooms in mushroom kingdom look fluffy
Stomping rumbas
If matpat doesnt approve. I dont approve
Among us
I'm really glad their changing Mario since, like you said, Mario is SOOOOO rude
Man the last line where Jack goes “you make me laugh” at comic con was amazing. It was deep, guttural and intense. Can’t wait to hear bowsers “serious” voice. 🎉 I am sure that bowser, donkey Kong, Luigi and toad are gonna be the best characters.  Man, Jack always strives for 110% in every character he plays.
"Why didn't he say stomping goombas?" Because there were no goombas in the Mario Bros arcade, they were introduced in SMB1.
The fact that Nintendo has a movie studio now is great but mario is just…sounds like christ pratt like he dosent even try really😅 missed opportunity to say mushroom kingdom lets a go
Wow
Can you weirdos stop with the "BuT hE DoEsN'T sOuNd LiKe mArIo", no one wants to hear a goofy, high pitched Italian accent for around NINETY MINUTES! Pratt is goin' for a more Brooklyn accent, which is fine by me. At least I won't have to rip my ears off halfway through.
37 minutes to react to a video
Yeah Chris Prat really spent lots of time stomping..... uh...... uhm it had an o...... uhhhhhh........
Who else here is old enough to remember the live action Super Mario Bros. movie from 1993?
First time I saw the Mario figure he looked like Fix-It Felix with a moustache to me.
change ur theme to darkmode!!!!!!!!!!!!111!!!1!!!!1!! (lightmode on ur pc is eye-burning)
I can’t believe I just sat through 46 minutes of Mario trailers and didn’t want to look away once
I would watch the movie but.... Chris Pratt is there.
I Mario is like ...ok 2 luigi yaaaass 3 Bowser gg cool 4 toad fine
He just completely wheezes and died.
MatPat you should strongly consider the possibility of a Music Theory channel, I'm sure there's some interesting things to discover
I'm just mad there aren't any hills with eyes
Can't even enjoy reading these comments bc everyone is commenting the same thing over n over about the koopas.
They should have CG5 voice Luigi, They couldn't go wrong with it! Even with it being a musical CG5 made a song about Luigi's mansion and his Luigi voice is amazing!
Chris: it’s me Mario  Everyone else: we’re doomed!
MatPat's shocked laughter and exclamation of "OH NYO! Ohhh nuuuu!!!! Ohhhh noooooo...." continues to make me laugh every time.
i think it truly should be the bowser movie jack black is really great
19:50 KISS REFERENCE!!!! 😆😝🤟🔥
i like how after chris has the pause the do the jump cut
As a 36 year old. I have problems remembering dumb things like video game character names. I can dig lapses in memory.
To be fair, I don't think there were any goombas in tthe og Mario Brothers arcade game. Goombas first appeared in Super Mario Bros.
Did anyone else hear his neck crack when we was judging Mario's look?
Yeah sure it’s not that iconic Mario sound but I think Mat Pat is making it out to be worse than what it actually is. Imagine Mario’s voice for two hours— doesn’t sound so fun anymore does it? I mean sure it could be tweaked and be a little bit more enthusiastic or have that wavering sound Mario has but I think you’re being too harsh.
I cant wait to watch and hear peach. Ive loved anya taylor joy sencse emma 2 years ago
Why is the channel having 1000+ unseen notifications giving me anxiety lmao😭
The way Chris Pratt says “Here we come” reminds me somewhat of the super Mario brothers super show
No ofence but i didnt really like how you paused everey 2 seconds but i still like youre videos
Chris prats Mario voice sounds like Seth McFarlane doing his Ted voice if he had a cold
Did anyone notice they just took bowsers breath from bowser’s fury and scaled it down by like 50-75
Well, it's the Sonic Movie Syndrome.  Classic main character that everyone is cringing on, for multiple reasons, and the bad guy that carries the franchise...
Please tell me where I can get that shirt 🙏♥️
Did gtlive ever go back to live
Hey Matt I have been a long time fan of your channel and I really like all the theories about all the games that you have. I do like your theory about this Mario movie that you have. However, the only thing I disagree with is when you said that Prat needs to be more like the Mario from the games. If the theory about this movie being about Mario's origen story is true, as someone that actually knows a little bit about Mario I think Mario, s orign story is that he was originally from Brooklyn New York before he went to the Mushroom Kingdom. In this case I think Chris Pratt's New York acent he gives Mario whould make since as his Verizon of Mario has never been to the Mushroom Kingdom so he wouldn't have the adventure experience like Charles Martenet's version of Mario from the games has.
I don't know why, buw Bowser actually always gave me theater kid vibes
My theory is that Mario will start out bummed about his job and life and will sound deflated (hence the lack of excitement in the trailer off to mushroom kingdom), and then find fun and excitement when he can actually help and make a difference around the mushroom kingdom. The movie will end with the upbeat Mario, now that he has found purpose and joy from fending bowser off.
You know what, I think, the more we listen to Chris' line, the more we'll begin to tolerate it LMAO  It didn't sound as bad the second time, in all honesty.
WE BETTER HAVE YOSHI I SWEAR.
There are so many parent who automatically think carttony means kiddy and that might be why?
I don't think the problem is Chris Pratt's voce. I think it's literally just the delivery...  Mario is not your typical protag. He's not the kinda cool attractive teenager protag, he's a lil silly guy who wants his princess and has a strangely high voice. So Chris Pratt is already at a disadvantage. He can't really voice the character like it's Spider Man or like it's some older guy who sounds normal.   Mario's just a lil silly guy xDD
It's not as bad as the last one o o
bruh you know it's prettty trash when mat patt makes fun from chris pratt
i think Chris did the bare minimum because: 1. he's not a voice actor 2. he doesn't know much about Mario Bros. and it shows 3. he got cast because this movie would get way more traction if he wasn't cast. unfortunately bad press brings more eyes than good press.
@26:30 was that a fart?
Nintendo Cinematic Universe:  Phase 1:  The Super Mario Bros. Movie  The Legend of Zelda   The Super Mario Bros. Movie 2  Metroid   StarFox  Kirby’s Dream Land  Super Smash Bros. Movie
He said mario bothers arcade game not super Mario Brothers.  I don't remember mario Brothers having goobas in it.
Matt’s oh no at the beginning after Pratt’s stomping Koopas was absolutely adorable. 😭
Hot take: I play mario on mute because his voice is annoying
Yeah Matt, I totally agree that one line in Mario is pretty bad.
YouTube
“Koopas (derogatory)”
bro y they not cast Cam Steady? he did a better mario in the smash bros cypher, plus they coulc have done a rap, remember he built the kingdom that we're living in a brick by a brick
but when are we gonna get a megaman movie huh? or a kirby movie? there are so many nintendo characters that deserve a movie, mario had his chance. maybe even a DK movie, i can see chris hemsworth voicing K Rool.
Shout out to the person in the chat on the live preview who said Chris pratt sounded like he was reading poorly from a _____(script) at 15:55.
A few people in the comments are saying that Chris Pratt is okay with the whole 'stomping... Koopas' bit because Goombas weren't in the arcade game...  But no, he's still wrong. You don't *stomp* anything in those games. The whole point is you have to hit them from below (or a POW block). He could've easily said 'I spent hours flipping over Koopas' and been a safe fan reference.  But no... we got one of the most awkward takes in a trailer, followed by subpar Mario voicing.
In other mario games had penguins in mario Galaxy 1, 2, mario kart series as obstacles, mario pinball land, Mario party series, and super mario odyssey
In my own personal opinion, I actually really like Chris Pratt's Mario, as I've never imagined Mario to always have that "YIPEE!" voice, but more of a laid-back one, especially when you take into consideration that he most likely came from New York or a New York-inspired city.
whats wrong with saying koopas. The way he paused before he said it maybe?
Maybe he was aiming for the original animated Mario bros voice?
Believe it or not Chris Pratt is correct, he’s talking about the original Mario brothers arcade game where the only enemies were koopas.
Mario looks like Fix it Felix. maybe theyr3 trying to ride the Disney wave?
Dwayne "The Thwomp" Johnson
Wheres the italian accent
Nasty koopas
it's the pause that made it hilarious. he mightve paused to say something more accurate, but bro, looked so lost. he could've just said "enemies" or "little guys".
I think the voice of Mario is giving more Brooklyn than stereotypical Italian, which I think realistically makes some sense. I am personally more upset with the idea that Mario looks like Fix-It Felix. I also wonder if the reason movies try to change the cartoon-y characters for their "live action" movies is because they don't want it to come off as something that looks like it fits more into a "cross-over".
Mario day is March 10th I think
Something to keep in mind is that Illumination movies are usually written by marketers not storytellers. They exist in the most non-offensive average plane with minimal if any passion in their projects. Mario’s lax characterization may not just be the fault of the voice but also the lines he’s given.  Let me tell you though, besides Bowser being a grand slam, the rest of the cast are home runs from Luigi to Donkey Kong
at 25:28 why did you say marios job was a constrution worker? when mario is a plumer
Criss Pratt
The Matpat from the early 2000s is screaming at Chris Pratt.  THE KITCHEN! REALLY?! I RECORD IN A CLOSET AND GET BETTER BACKGROUND IMGAGES! COME ON GET WITH THE PROGRAM, YOUR MARIO JUMPMAN MARIO! AND WHAT THE HECK IS SO INTERESTING TO THE LEFT! CAMEREAS OVET HERE FOCUS! lol
You give Pratt a hard time for something you have probs with also... you have more class than this... I think Pratt was genuine. Didn't sense what you ridiculed him for at all.
Unpopular opinion, but I don't like Jack Black as bowser. To me he doesn't sound deep or intimating enough, I keep hearing Po from kung fu panda..
The thing is that Mario didn't sound anything like Chris pratt. So I don't get what they're talking about Mario doing a good Chris Pratt.
Romans 10:9-10 "That if you confess with your mouth, "Jesus is Lord," and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.  For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified, and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved."
Ash had a FIELD DAY holding in their reaction lol
HERE we-GOOO! *hrmhrm* Here we COME!
Chris Pratt got that Dream angle going on
Bowser go brrrrrrrrrrr  Also wonder if there is bowser jr🤔
All I'm saying is it better be better than the one from 1993
i had to go and watch the trailer nintendo put out, understandably becuse of copywrite issues, jackblack was amazing you could feel the emotion with in the vocals but Pratt's lines from the trailer feel super phoned in and like others are saying i hope he grews to be closer to the mario we know. i would have liked him to be a little bit more floaty with his words.
I think the movie can probably be finished before April but they set it later to make careful tests to avoid the sonic fiasco that delayed it almost a year. Also Chris Pratt is stepping out of his comfort zone with this job. His best movies are the opposite kind.
So you shoul hear the brazilian and the french version (the best two mario voices in the trailer)
I mean, I think an amazing fit for Mario would be Prozd, he's a great YouTuber and fantastic Voice Actor if you don't already know him  Nintendo really missed with that one
What if Mario starts out short and eventually gets a shroom and looks normal idk
Goombas didn't exist in the classic arcade mario bros game. There were only koopas.
24:26 "He... he looks like Kirkland Brand Mario." LOL Bravo, Matpat. I think you nailed it, but it's not a bad design, IMO--however! Yes, I agree that there's no reason for movie devs to change him and "seem so scared to lean in to the cartoony nature" of the original 3D aesthetics.
MUSIC MANNNNN!!!!!!!!
Mario looks less like Mario and more like Gene from Wreck it Ralph
For Mario's voice, I have always thought it would be like how it was in The Super Mario bros. Super show. It'll definitely take some getting used to. But we will see how it goes.
"Why does everyone feel obigated to change away from the cartoony ascetic that works?" The Mario games have you play as a iltalian plummer saving a princess from a fire-breathing turtle dragon while stomping on smaller turtles in a world of sentient mushrooms, the cartoony-ness is very much inbeded into it
Reminds me of trolls two
Isn't Mario originally from like New York tho? Chris pratts sounds fine to me I'm thinking this is more like an origin story.
There's no way Nintendo would make that mistake like the sonic screen test. My theory is that's going to be his signature catch phrase in development throughout the movie. Remember it's an origin story. They might even poke fun of the phrase as he begins to use it till it's finally done right. I  Believe it's a big troll intentionally put in the trailer to get people riled up. There is no way you could screw up Mario's voice literally anyone can do it. But then again I could be wrong but that just a theory 😃
I mean Pratt sounds like a stereotypical New Yorker, and MatPat theorized that that he would be a New Yorker or )new Donker), so I think MatPat actually cracked the case on how this movie is gonna go, and I for one am excited to see what they do with it, EVEN WITH Chris Pratt as Mario.
23:03 did they learn nothing from the first Sonic movie?  don't deviate from the cartoon-y-ness of the source and go all uncanny valley on the characters
There's no reason we should be angry. There's no rule that says only one person can voice Super Mario. Instead, lets just agree to disagree and enjoy this movie for what it is.  Also, people so often forget that Mario is an Italian-American from BROOKLYN.   And y’know, I think Pratt will do fine. He seems to be passionate for the role. And that’s a trait shared by Lou Albano and Charles Martinet.  And Mario’s canonically in his mid-twenties.
At 19:00 Magikoopa says "Behold! The King of the Koopas!".
Oh god, Mario has Human Teeth.
I believe they were trying to go for a brooklyn-ish accent fir mario since he just entered through the pipe
MatPat and JackBlack would get along weeeeeell!
CREDIT: 'johnlucas1' said "I know where they're going with the "Here We Come!" line of Chris Pratt's Mario. Mario will evolve more into the Mario we know as he travels throughout the movie. The trademark "Here We Go!" will be used as a PUNCHLINE at a key part of the movie. He will get it wrong consistently until he gets to the climax of the movie. The Mushroom Kingdom will change him." I agree!
Hi Mat there are indeed  Super brother Mario episodes out there take a look and see what we think.
Mario is canonically 24 I believe, so Mat's 35-45 is WAAAY off 😂
#TomHollandformario
Mario really does know how to imitate chris Pratt 😳
Mario in the trailer reminds me of Fix it Felix from Wreck it Ralph
I really like the new look of Mario tbh
There is already so many a list actors in the show. I feel like they should have gotten someone who actually voice acts to do it
Ultimation:”we need a voice actor for Mario!” The literal voice actor for Mario:”👁👄👁”
What’s wrong with “stomping koopas”😭
“Do NOT TOUCH THAT MUSHROOM YOULL DIE!!!”- YouTube: -Get a different medium sub each day of the week” (Firehouse sub ad)
Chris Pratt is the reason why it’s called the Mario Bros movie instead of the Mario movie
NOOOOOOOOO BAD CHRIS PAT WHY Edit: IM SO UPSET MARIOS ITALIEAN, HES NOT FROM A BIG CITY!!!!!!
mario no😭
HOW BAAAAD CAN I BE
Here's my own theory, what if in the release of the movie, he is given a redesign!
13:32
As much as I hate to ruin the moment, to be fair, he did say “in the original arcade game”, so it would be mostly koopas.
I WANT, NO, I NEED A LUIGI’S MANSION MOVIE RELEASED NEAR HALLOWEEN 2024
I feel mat is just bullying Chris Pratt at this point
The spy x family themed, game x theory poster in the back-
Matoat needs to make a podcast of when he reads the books thou-
You have a 30min video of Matpat talking but you're not actually including his full reaction to the trailer? It's a 2min trailer and you're cutting out entire scenes of his reactions? Wow. Like, the penguins. You just totally skip it in this edit. Pretty lousy.
How many of You think Pat looks like Ricky Martin with this haircut ?🤔
Disney Pixar Should’ve been the ones to make a Super Mario movie
I think if the sonic movie use the new Design he Would be saying the same thing that he is saying to Mario now
When the only character you care about is peach 😂 I still think peach is the real villain 👀
Bro honestly… YOUR THE BEST THEORIST❗️ 😁💯
mattpatt replace chris as the va
12:04  no one: not a soul: nobody ever: enzy: CHRIS PRATT DADDY
Maybe they deliberately make Mario sound like that cause its the first time he enters Mushroom Kingdom, but he will turn into the Mario we know gradually (changing the way he talks to be more upbeat and "Mario like", and so on). Maybe thats just my wishful thinking tho. XD
I guess I'm an outlier when I say, that I never really liked musical movies or movies with large quantities of choreographed songs in them. Even as a kid I was either bored or just found them uncomfortably cheesy ("Tenacious D" and "The Jungle Book" animated movie being some of the very, very rare exceptions, but I guess I just liked the style of most songs as a kid). I just don't get why people like them over thick plot with unobtrusive music, sounds and good mastering. bicker-mode off
When Matt does a perfect Mario voice and Pratt does a.... voice.😐
If Jack iss not to busy, there is a decent change he is actually willing to come
Love the idea of lakitu being on the reflections while filming!
JOKES ON US, THE FIRST 20 MINS IS LIVE ACTION CHRIS AS MARIO AND ONLY BECOMES CARTOON-Y IN MUSHROOM KINGDOM
I’m more surprised that they didn’t pull more from the Mario and Luigi series
I think Pratt's brain buffer was that he almost said Goombas. But goombas haven't been revealed in the film yet and he may not be allowed to mention them or something? I don't know.
maybe Chris paused because he was going to say Goombas until he remembered that the trailer only showcases Koopas and that Bowser showing up in the Mushroom Kingdom and turning the Toads into Goombas is supposed to be a shocking scene. So he didn't want to mention them before the movie came out? Plus, like everyone else is saying, only Koopas appeared in the arcade game he's referencing.
doors rbx play it theory it
Who live in a pineapple under the sea SpongeBob SquarePants 21:50
Bruh, Matt was getting really annoying this whole time. Most of the time I really enjoy and can understand his opinions, but he really delved deep into aggravating territory in terms of just how hard he was hating on Pratt and Mario
How does Matt not know that Chris just talks that way. Like normal speaking he seems kinda like he needs a moment to think or he is just being super dramatic.
CONSTRUCTION WORKER????? MARIO IS A PLUMBER MATT!!!
I bet chris pratt had to google the enemies in mario games, xd.
I know I'm late but after the theory video, the Mario trailer played for me...
I SAY WE PULL A SONIC ON THE MARIO MOVIE
Book theory, coming no idea when.
I wish it came out on March 10th for Mario day.
I think this film will be okay. Pratt's voice isn't the best, but it's certainly not the worst I've heard. Personally, I think it's okay. And as for Mario's model, I don't see anything wrong tbh.. I kinda like his look and I'm sure they'll make changes.
When I first heard the people who created Teen Titans Go were directing this movie I was absolutely flabbergasted after watching the trailer.. like how the heck did they manage this?
The Mario face here actually looks a lot like the one in the first Wreck-It Ralph movie, during the bar scene. So it's really not that surprising to me, as it actually lines up with another visual design in another movie. The only real difference between the two is the obvious difference in clothing.
I bet that Mario dialogue people are complaining about isn't even gonna be in the final film. It really sounds like just a trailer line.
The French voice cast was pretty much on point all the way
5:49 "and grinds on his shoe" - I don't think that has the meaning you wanted it to  lol
Maybe matpat should be the Mario voice actor
Why does everybody hate Mario? Come on, give him a chance, only two, TWO, voice lines, and all of you are already complaining. Give it a chance, what for another trailer to come out or something
hearing chris pratt's long pause on ''......koopas'' made me age 50 years. I think watching actually counts as a form of mild torture.
Pratt looks like he's drunk AF.
Luigi brings happiness :D
The only thing I could think was: "You need to update steam"
They started with the penguin kingdom is because it’s a complementary color to bowsers lava island.
Matpats voice for Mario is better than Chris Pratt
14:11 WE NEED THAT!!!!!!!!
I love this movie already!!!! 😍🤩❤️⭐️
My theory is that Mario misses one of his jumps and eunuchs himself resulting in his trademark voice.
Would you like to talk about our Lord and savior Chris Pratt   This is a joke I'm not being serious
I would rather watch the movie with the original voices, then the voices i will hear in the cinema. I live in germany and they use the german voice for chris prat and it's worser than his original voice... *sigh* I hope they changed it.....
funny thing is: Charles Martinet, the original voice actor of Mario is in the Movies Cast but DOES NOT PLAY MARIO!
I think Kevin Hart could be a great Toad
29:30 Toad is Simpin for Peach :-D  Chris might be taking a Captain Lou Albano version of the Mario voice?
It’s a me a Mario-Chris patt sucks at being a Mario prove me wrong
Watch super Mario's super show Mario's voice is originally a Brooklyn accent
There's an add-on you can get to show youtube dislikes.
The arcade mage did not have goombas
I never got a notification for this video did not even know you had a reaction
Mario looks like Fix-it-Felix from wreck-it-Ralph and you can't convince me otherwise
Yessssss❤❤😂😂
I feel like this tends to be a thing when they get non-voice-actor actors to do voice acting. The studios are trying to bank on their fame somewhat, and don't want to alter the voice. When it comes to Marios voice. There was another voice for Mario before Mario 64. And I could see that some of the caricatures that Mario have traditionally leaned into, probably wouldn't survive today. So... I don't think a new voice and speaking pattern will be a big problem. Those we can get used to. I hope I can forget the actors when I watch the movie. It remains to be seen. I'm hopeful at least. That's something.
Mat why are you so good at voices 😳
Rename the channel
is it just me or does mario sound British
Mario and Luigi obviously both got sucked into different worlds and will meet in the middle eventually.
bruhhh... I saw the trailer in the Living Room, and Heard HIS Voice I LEGIT shouted "OH MY GOD HE'S RIGHT! HE WAS RIGHT! MATPAT WAS RIGHT!!" I can't even describe how confused my nephew looked at me
I was fullscreened, and I literally tried to fullscreen the video that MatPat was watching 🤣
Side note to show double error.  Theres a reason he didnt stomp goombas in the arcade version as there were not any Goombas.  Side note they were not called Koopas so everyone is wrong.  yay
34:10 introducing mario's new voice actor: MatPat
MARIOS FACE IS MARIO AND MIECRAFT WITHER COMBINED.
You do stomp koopas in the game
*sees title* “ WAIT WHAT?!?
Mario reminds me of fixit Felix
After this, they should do a Luigi's Mansion movie! But seriously though, I think this movie has a lot of potential. Also, I'd have liked to see Peach in the trailer. Can't wish for everything I guess!
To be fair to Chris, there's a LOT of things to stomp on in the Marioverse. XD
and i actually like Mario's new voice
Mario is a Plummer not a construction worker
i can hear matt swallow  hard for some reason
Sonics look was bad but he changed
They should've hired RTGames for Toads' voice.
Chris Pratt saying koopas sounds like a slur
Mario and Luigi are canonically in their mid twenties (24-26, according to the sources that mention it), so yeah, they're not old, middle aged men. But, a young, twentysomething year old man feeling unfulfilled and wishing for more out of life wouldn't be a stretch.
Matt!!! Stop.   Clearly Chris Pratt was doing a bit.  Listen to the rest of it, watch his body language.   Don't be a cyber bully Matt Patt.  You're better than that.
I wonder what it would’ve been like if the penguins were replaced with Yoshis
18:06 “In SMB3 in the middle of dinosaur land”  It’s not SMB3 or even SMW it resembles Bowser’s ship from Paper Mario better  Edit: Nvm, he corrects himself that dinosaur land was in SMW
mraio he looks like its mraio odase
I get serious Fix-it Felix vibes from both Mario's voice and character design.  I'm glad that mario doesn't have the game voice, but also that Chris Pratt didn't really sound like he tried very hard. Maybe he did, I don't know. But it didn't sound like it.
I feel like goombas weren't in the movie since they weren't in the original game and that's he paused
Can you please shut up you're talking too much you always record the video and talk everything is stop it you are talking so much like you're talking like this it's like how when your name you're just oh yeah I'm just yummy
I hope Mario and Luigi go in to the pipe like they in the Super Mario Show
45 minute long video for an 2min video reaction
And if we go based off of every movie trailer ever that had an antagonist, they never reveal them until you see the movie. So Bowser isn’t the enemy. I’m betting on Peach. She’ll make Mario think he’s doing the right thing because she’s the “good guy” .
They should have just went for Mario oddesey Mario
If we could save Sonic’s design we can save Mario’s voice
I actually really like how Mario looks in the movie
34:39 to add to that point of just toning the voice down, the funny thing is that when I met Charles once he did use the voice in a calmer way and in a full sentence, so he can do it but Nintendo decided not to make him
Im wondering if they released the current mario voice as a sort of joke and they actually plan on a more normal mario voice Like they are saving the "real" voice for a later trailer
miyamoto should make more games not movies
i feel like not enough people talked about how great of a voice they got for Kamek
MATPAT! CHECK OUT DHMIS THE NEW SEASON PLEAAASE
I'm in the minority but I never really liked Charles Martinet's Mario voice. Always sounded like he got a kick to the nuts. I'll chalk that up to Nostalgia though since I grew up with several SMB cartoon shows where Mario had a much different, deeper voice. I'm sure Pratt will do fine but he will get hate from people who grew up with the Martinet voice.
I have a theory about mario voice and why is cris prat it could be that later at the movie he would eat a accent Italian mushroom!! ;)
koopas (derogatory)
GET THE MARIO JACKET
Remember Fire beats Ice 👀 It's a reference to Pokemon
It was fun filming on black adam
Really though, just like we don't want to hear Toad go "AAAH!!" for 2 hours,  is Chris Pratt really gonna go "mwAHAAA! MAMA MIA!" for the whole movie? I mean holy high pitched voices, Batman.
What are they’re pulling off a sonic movie thing where the main character looks bad and then the actual film it looks good
I'm still of the mindset that your theory is going to be wrong and it's going to be a Chris Pratt player get downloaded into the game and so thats why he will look weird and sound weird.
Oh you just skip
There has to be a new cut with a better voice. This has to be a marketing ploy to get more coverage. There is no way intelligent professionals were like, ya, this sounds great.
I've been spending hours of my life stomping koopas was a funny scene am I right
I like the voice idk I don’t see the hate like Mario bros the cartoon js
I can only hope they don’t make this whole movie a musical then it’ll be the worst Mario movie since the other Mario movie
What is going to be a good movie it's so sad that social media these days is just ruins people's fun ruin the good things of what a movie is they did that to the Marvel stuff you think about it they ruined all the good stuff the eternals movie they ruined it people don't like it because it was ruined people don't like movies these days because they get ruined and I love the fact this Mario movie is going to be good I want to watch when it comes on digital oh I'm going to watch it
MatPat, my dude, ...I get that you're excited when watching the trailer for the first time, ...but can you please stop pausing and skipping every 5 seconds and just WATCH the trailer through to the END... and THEN comment?  😅  We didn't even get to see your first reaction to Bowser's voice; it got skipped COMPLETELY.
Bro why did you skip around MattPat’s reaction of the entire trailer? Or was that MattPat skipping around the video?…
ever watch the mario cartoon? toad sounds like that. this movie is hella better than sonic, mario is aways better than sonic
Ooooooooooooooooo
toad fulfilled all my expectations and i'm so excited for him 😂
7:21 13:31
I hate go be that guy but Chris Pratt was right about stomping koopas, cause they we're in the Mario arcade game instead of toolbars, I'm Going to assume he was going to say goombas but then said koopas. (Sorry for bring that one need guy tho)
MatPat, I got to be honest with you here bud, that mario accent in the beginning sounds like Mickey and you are killing it!
I agree that Mario's look is unsettling. For me the big draw is the eyes.
Imagine the movie comes out and it just destroys matpats theories. Except for this one.
Mario sounds more like a new yorker rather than our beloved italian plumber
30:35 new Donk city perhaps?
The penguin have appeared a lot since mario 64
18:46 magic
And remember: "Never trust in a trailer"
The downside is that Nintendo and illumination are going to change the entire movie now that you've completely guessed it 😂
can we just talk about the tabs open at 14:02
It looks great, and I was wondering as well if anyone happened to notice the odd scenario where Mario is supposed to scream but nothing, so this just tells me that yeah they just used audio of Chris probably practicing or just giving gentle read backs of the script. Mario's proportions seem to be off to me, like they need to adjust his eyes to be like luigi's like they could be a bit bigger or something, I'm not sure it's just Mario's proportions seem odd, and not to mention THEIR GLOVES, they are missing their iconic 2 bumps! It's super strange to just seeing their gloves not having the little numbs
"Here we come to the polls!" -Future Presidential Nominee.
Chris Pratt is having the same issue that Dream had with his face reveal and that's pride. Dream had a lot of his streaming friends do like "I saw dreams face" videos where they are bubbly and excited and in awe and all that, so when Dream revealed his face and he was just some guy (tm), everyone gave him tons of backlash and called him ugly despite him being conventionally attractive--just a bit plain.   Chris Pratt wanted to reassure audiences that he could do a good job, but instead of taking the humble approach of "I understand that this is a big deal for Mario fans, so I'm going to do my best to make the fandom proud" he leaned into the "I nailed it guys. you are not ready for this!"   cause that's the thing. bad accents are pretty common in media. not nailing the accent, but still getting the emotion and feel of things is usually pretty forgiven when the audience isn't made to feel like it's going to be perfect. But Chris made the level of expectation too high. And it does suck cause Mario and Luigi are going to be the only characters that have accents rooted in our real society so it's more pressure for Chris. if someone else sounds stupid, we all have the ability to say "oh that's just country mushroom kingdom accent" and move on. But that's why it would have been SO SO important to take the humble approach in advertising.   Going back to Jack Black's stuff relating to the movie, it's just all about his excitement and then leaning on the comedic ("I had to learn how to breathe fire" and talking of packing on Koopa muscle for a CGI role), so we had 0 expectation for his voice aside from capturing emotions as the baseline for any voice actor. I think even if Jack was playing Mario, a failed new york accent would have been forgiven because he nailed his excitement and likely wouldn't have even addressed accents in interviews. just been like "I'm having so much fun with this, you guys, and I hope it's just as fun watching as it was being a part of it."   anyway, there is my little soap box on that.
They messed Mario up so bad in hopes to "Bad Sonic Design," where they purposely botch a character so that the internet has a complete uproar and makes the movie wildly popular before they have any more than a single trailer. They'll fix Mario later on, I'm decently certain
Is it possible that if the NYC to the Mushroom Kingdom theory is true, that Mario’s voice evolves as he’s there longer? Because a high-pitched plumber in Brooklyn would be bullied relentlessly, but as Mario spends more time in the Mushroom Kingdom hearing Toad’s, Peach’s, and other characters’ voices and excitement his tone starts to mimic theirs. Then the ending line is the classic “Here we go!!”
We need to see Matt react to the french Mario, it is much more accurate!
Holy smokes. Please just watch these things all the through before you pause it and pick it apart. Do your analyzing after you've watched it once. Does not make for an enjoyable viewing to see it all chopped up like this.
Bro did not just call goombas "oompa loompas" 💀
Could you stop the pausing so much.
Horrible reaction tbh. Pausing the video literally every second and skipped a part of the trailer😭
This definitely feels like more of a Mario movie than the Sonic one felt like a Sonic movie. Even the sequel was still hampered by its attachment to live-action (and that freaking wedding scene). 39:50 Excluding the original Super Mario Bros, where she was the only person who could undo the magic that turned her subjects into random objects, which is why he was holding her captive. 43:33 Didn't the Super Mario DDR game prove that he was in fact tone-deaf? He stole the plot items to cure his own tone-deafness.
I’m going to make a wild guess and say that I think that Luigi accidentally fell into the pipe while (maybe) arguing with Mario and Mario went in after him, but they still got separated. That’s why we don’t see them together in the trailer, and why we see Mario in the mushroom kingdom with toad and Luigi struggling to run away with no help.
"how oild is miyamoto" should trend
Just wait until he finds out Lego monkie kid XD
MatPat talking about Jack Black makes my day
when i was that pipe in the trailer on like that stone i instantly thought it was a face the pipe is the mouth and there is a circular carving diagonally up to the left a little
poor Chris Pratt! did anyone ever stop to think that those are BIG shoes to fill, AND he's been working a lot and he might've been having an off day?
Im sorry mat but "how oiled is miyamoto" is just hilarious
koopas (derogatory)
YES YES YEEEEEESSSS (trying to catch my breath) . . . MUSIC MAAAAAANNNN
your wrong mat! this is gonna be the movie that redefines a generation!
Dude your mario impression sounds like Mickey Mouse
chris pratt is great just maybe not for this
See I think Chris P. just was looking for some cheap side money, it might be just my opinion but I think he was just desperate.
After Halloween is over, you need to keep the googly eyes in the gaps of the molecule thing on the wall. It looks hilarious.
isnt mario supposed to be italian????
I think Nintendo made a statement once that Mario and Luigi were in their twenties.
Luigi is getting his day alright, his Charlie Day XD  Also I think we should give it a chance, we've seen just a handful of lines. We can only truly judge his Mario after seeing more. This just might be his "nervous" voice or something, I mean, look what just happened to him. Also, just like with creepy Sonic, they may take some notes. And, let's not forget people might get offended at Chris Pratt for faking an Italian accent, who aren't even Italian on their behalf (ie, the world today).  Actually, you should say is it better or worse the the original Mario movie (Bob Hoskins/John Liguizamo) rather than compare it to Sonic. =P
did matpat skip or miss the penguins?
NOOT NOOT
I bet Mario get's hit in the Nuts with a Red Shell and then suddenly the voice changes to charles martinet
I think Chris Pratt is not the right voice for Mario... also Mario's eyes are a bit too close together... I think.....
The only two actors that need to be changed is Mario's voice and Luigi's voice they need the original man who does them both Bowser's great toad is great and I wonder what Peach sounds like I worry for this movie if they don't get Mario and Luigi's voice right it will not work
Bro how do you make a 50 minute long video doing. Reviewing A 3.minute long trailer...... 😑🤨
It’s possible he was going to say goombas but who knows. Maybe they don’t use that word anymore since it’s a slur to Italians. so he may have stopped himself from saying it after being told by Nintendo not to say it. Idk. Just a theory. A Chris Pratt theory.
They fckin murdered mario
As soon as I heard your voice and annoying intro you got a instant dislike. Bring down the whole act man it's off putting to me at least. That's just my opinion. If it's working for you then OK keep it up I guess
This is the first time Ive realized Matpat has the same laugh as me 😂
Yeah theory was close but I like the voice a little
I feel like Mat was looking at this trailer through rose-tinted glasses a bit too much.
I know this is random but shuriken tossing cheez-its is fun
I'm excited to see it and I love Chris Pratt and think he can do no wrong but he really messed up Mario I do hope Bowser steals to show because Chris pratt's Mario is really really bad
13+ joke:     I'm gonna Koompa!
I wonder what will MatPat do when the FNAF movie comes out
Honestly when the movie comes out and there isn't a compilation of every time bowser speaks on youtube I will be severely dissapoint
Why does Mario sound like Joey from yugioh 😪
WALK TALL! BE PROUD! GO GOOMBA!!
I just see po taking off the bowser suit.
We need Dwayne "The Thwomp" Johnson
Matpat has a double sided entertainment factor:  when he is talking about fictional parts of entertainment the wild ideas are great, and when he is talking about anything connected to real life social tendencies, his total lack of ability to understand how things really work is just as entertaining.  Chris pratt being lost looking while still trying to be cool is his thing, thus the obvious reason for his mannerisms in this setting
OMG
i would be happy with chis pratt as anyone else honestly
i think its going to be slightly worse than the sonic movie just because of mario
I have to be honest; I'm a little disappointed with MatPat and the rest of you guys. I'm not gonna sit here and pretend I know Chris' childhood unlike the rest of you. In all likelihood, he just made a mistake. And he's never been great in video interviews and things of that nature. It's not a big deal, and yet everyone takes "stomping...koopas" as if it's the worst news ever. Calm down, and just remember celebrities are people too.  And besides, in the Mario Bros arcade game, you *did* stomp koopas to clear the stage.
that Mario voice of Matpats sounds more like a Mickey Mouse voice...
i love matt but him commenting so much instead of reacting to it  first with us is pretty annoying
I really disagree on Mat saying Mario has no personality, especially in games like Luigi's Mansion 3 or Mario Odyssey
Mario's voice from chris prat sounds like he is copying his former coworkers voice that did rocket racoon.
21:47 to 21:48   Sorry...      *WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA!?*
I love your Halloween decor. It's the right amount of spooky for your already existing decor.
Also, you didn't even stomp koopas in the original Mario Bros
He said kupas but it's gumbas
4th theory channel will be anime theory. just look at anime matpat in the background!
Matt would be a better Mario than Pratt
your hairline is insanely good
Also the voice criticisms seem harsh, 1. It's fine. 2. It's super short snippets and 3. Have you heard his awful game voice, would never work for a film.
Wow weird dumping on Pratt for saying Koopas, I played Mario growing up, is it not Koopas you jump on and their shell zips around? Shockingly not every word is available to the front of someone's mind each time. Weird pointless mean spirit that I don't expect from GT.
are you talking about the sherberts?
almost every deviation from the OG game voice is a very blue collar (low, gruff) psuedo brooklyn voice. I think its intentional... from top to bottom.
I get major Fix-it Felix vibes from Mario's look
I'm not bothered by Mario's design at all. But I don't know how long into the movie it'll take to get over Chris Pratts voice
That look's like a Sonic's movie situation 🤔
Ok so illumination made his voice like that because either nobody would take mario seriously throughout the whole movie or the movie would get a lot of backlash because they would get called “xenophobic” and the italian accent is racist and all that bull. So i think its better like this.
MatPat : "its fine, its fine its fine its fine..." Mat's brein : *INTERNAL SCREEEEECH*  Meanwhile me : * fangirling over luigi *
Maybe the reason why they don't want to lean into the cartoony side is that cartoons still have a heavy "only for kids" air about it.
Undetermined for me...we've only heard like 2-3 lines from mario so I hope that he sounds better in more but as a whole  without him I'm extremely excited
40:41 Nono, MUUUU-SIIIIC KOOOO-PAAAA
Excuse me MatPat just saying but shouldn’t there be a Film theory live?
It's the super Mario's brother movie.
i'm curious to know what he could think of Mario's voice across the world 🤔
29:04 it's not confidence and aggression. It's paranoia and panic. But that's what happens when you pause in the middle of a scene and don't see the follow up line.
We can safely assume Mat didn't enjoyed Pratt's performance that much. I'm just glad I'm latin so I'll prob just watch it in Spanish.
I really like Chris Pratt and have done since Parks & Rec, before he hit big screen fame. He was not a good pick for the voice of Mario.
10:58 so I haven't played much of the original arcade Mario Bros (which Pratt specifically names) but I'm reasonably sure there are no goombas in it.
I still feel Charles Martinet should have done the voice of Mario as usual like that's what all fans know from the video games. Idk how Charlie Day will be but I feel the same also.
why is the movie not comming out on Friday, March 10th, 2023!!!???
Màn matpat can really teach Christ a thing or 10 about mario voice, hes very close to voicing mario
Brazillian dub is better than the original lol
4:25 Mario doesn't have personality, so he's a blank slate, I see you haven't played the Mario RPGs, Paper Mario or Mario & Rabbids, so you either pretend these games don't exist or you don't know about them.
You want to laugh, listen to the voice in French, mario is so much better.
Matpat should’ve voiced toad
11:01 well, he did say in the original Mario Bros. Arcade game, where goombas didn't exists, but koopas did.
French version papu. 🇨🇵
I like the Mario look and voice
Why does Mat look like my uncle
MatPat you are being  little to extra in this video
It almost sounds like Chris is attempting a Billy Crystal impression.
DID NO ONE SHOWED HIM THE FRENCH MARIO VOICE????? I NEED TO SEE HIM REACT TO THAT!
I have seen the older Mario with the brooklyn new yorker accent and the changed version by Charles. I myself perfectly alright for either. But with Charles, his name is in the movie with uknown info what he will do in it. Some say he might use his voice in mario in specific moments and some say he could be playing the voice of a different character. Which could be Wario or Waluigi since he also does the voice for those in the games too.
17:57 your welcome he talks too much for a reaction video
This is literally just Mat insulting Chris the whole time and pausing the video every one second I mean seriously I remember when this channel didn't just make criticism its comedy he spent most the video milking the Koopa joke dry you don't have to be a fan of the games or do a good impression to make a good movie.
This is hard to watch because of all the jumping around as he watches the trailer. Just pause it every so many seconds and comment on something. The jumping around is completely unnecessary. Also, i'd argue that Chris is doing a Brooklyn accent.. that's why he's pronouncing "here" the way he is. it's not the worst thing i've ever heard. let us not forget the voice in Hotel Mario CDi game. And like clockwork, you eventually mention the accent being Brooklyn.. AFTER being so negative.
Toad should be voiced by Gilbert Godfreed
I have faith that the movie will be good, and personally I think for the most part Chris did a good job with the voice acting. He could have been a little bit more enthusiastic but all in all I think it's good for now.
The character design of Mario I can live to grow to like but the voice is really cringeworthy....
Hey matpat check out find the markers on Roblox there may be some lore (;
In the Original "Mario Brothers" not the "Super Mario Brothers". It was an arcade game underground. With Koopas, Krabs, ghosts, and Fireballs. There was no Goombas till "Super Mario Brothers".
This is more of a breakdown than all the other breakdowns on channel that literally breakdown trailers and movies
I think toad personality should be toad from the 90s show  super Mario bros show bowser is if e for me kamek just sucks in general and Mario not good but not kamek level bad
God i really really hop chris was just having a really off day when they took that line and it accidentally got left in due to an editing mistake. That voice/delivery for mario is as bad as if not worse that the first aonic design we saw.
the way you’re over analyzing chris’ comment…
What a miss opportunity to say "here we go!"
I think the Mario is supposed to be brooklyn Mario
Jesus Christ loves y’all! God bless y’all ! !
I don't expect toad to be confident... You fool, he has his own adventure series
And it is fairly pathetic that you go into more about where the bricks come from rather than take an unbiased look at the voice
I think Jack speaking as Bowser in his normal voice sounded bad. Pratt sounds like Lou Albano as Mario in the old cartoon. Why immediately hate on it. You were biased to begin with. Shame
I dont think Cris pratt is as nieve in turms of mario stuff as you think. THe reason I think he paused before koopa is because he wanted to say goombas but remembered that they either arent in the movie or arent with bowser in the movie. The trailer later supports this.
Why am I seeing fix-it Felix from wreck it Ralph for mario
Bro, I love you, but yiu really could just watch through trailer first, then rewatch it while stopping every 4 seconds, ya know? I can't comprehend how you could honestly tell if the trailer is good, without ...idk...watching it.   Just sayin' ....Love this channel, for life!
41:23 music mAn 😆 🤣😂
Here’s a theory what if all the theory’s you made weren’t true but the creators were such fans they made it true
People can complain about Chris pratt all they want  I'm just glad this thing's not gonna be an entire dumpster fire from  What i've seen  so far I can get used to Chris Pratt's Mario And I like everything else about the trailer so trailer so this is a slam dunk for me but that's just my opinion
There's some level of irony here regarding "Mario Knowledge"...
WHOOOOOOOO WE WERE RIGHT YAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSS!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY A THEORY COMFIRMED!!!!!!WHOOOOOOOOOOO I CANT WAIT TO SEE IT!!!!!!!!!!
Chris Pratt was speaking Brooklynian.(aka Super Mario Bros: Super Show!) This also explains toad. All the characters are a mixture of the game and show characters
................. K O O P A S ! ! ! !
They could edit the audio of his voice
He's so cool
Reminds me of sonic
The bowser movie: Setup for Luigi's Mansion! Toad will be there! He's bringing mario...
Sus
Time for off the rails theory, a game theory! Chris Pratt asked them to run that voice on purpose. He knew he couldn't live up to everyone's expectations. By running the horrible voice he is created publicity while simultaneously lowering our expectations of his performance. Than when we go see the movie we will find out he practiced the Mario voice and all be blown away. Now it won't be as good as the original but since our expectations are so lowered we wouldn't be able to tell come first watch.
I mean did you want to hear high pitched  "let's a go" the entire movie? Mario sounds like a guy with a Brooklyn accent.  Also this seems to be his first time in the mushroom kingdom so I'm thinking maybe he'll be more like Mario sound and all by the movies end.
Matpat is the only person who can turn a 2 minute trailer into 45 minutes of ranting.
Actually MatPat you can get a browser extension for chrome that will allow you to see dislikes you probably already know this but figured I'd comment it lol
He can go five second without pausing the video
Mat please listen to the French or Italian translation it sounds so much better
I think, people think about stuff to much and shoyld learn to except things as it is
I think you're being too harsh on Chris Pratt His promo is intentionally bad, for comedy. He does know about Mario and its lore, he's done the voice lines for years now, read the scripts. And let's be real. He is feeling the pressure of playing Mario; I don't think he's just cashing in a check. As far as the trailer is, we don't have enough to go on for his voice. I am hopeful; I don't think Nintendo would hire him or keep him if they didn't feel he could deliver. They absolutely do not want this to fail. Going to try not to judge it based on a couple lines, avoid a bias.
To be fair, Chris Pratt specifically said the original Mario Bros ARCADE Game. So him saying Koopas instead of Goombas is technically more accurate. My speculation for the pause was that he was gonna say Goombas but realized that in the Arcade game it’s koopas.
Chris’s Prat makes Mario sound like he’s from Chicago or New York more than from Italy.
First of all, this is Illumination, so I think we should all just accept that this movie is going to be hot garbage.  Second of all, I am already preparing myself to immediately watch Wreck it Ralph after this because that is the video game movie we will probably need to forget that the Mario movie exists lmao
The difference between Chris & Jack before they show the trailer its huge xd
Cant believe the voice for bowser is even better than the protagonist mario
I think the fact we hear Chris Prat say the "Here we come" line without seeing mario's face doesn't help. If we had seen his face I think it would seem to work a bit better. I also think (/hope) that line was just a poor chose for the trailer, and his voice is better fitting in the rest of the movie
They couldn’t learn to breath fire from mako or the avatar bruh
my prediction is that Bowser is going to be in around 65 to 70% of the movie.
fazbear bible 14:40
Here is my thoughts so since the first donkey Kong game is that in the sewers of New York, I was thinking that the mushroom kingdom is in Italy, so he starts to get it Italian accent
19:30 Ok, having a lakitu with a camera visible in reflections would actually be awesome!
jack is very respectful
I think they stuck Luigi in there at the end because they wanted to experiment with more cartoon vs more realistic. They showed Mario more realistic and Luigi more accurate to the games, albeit for a brief moment. They also know that Luigi is #1. ;)
27:00 the mushrooms look like bouncy castle materials ☠️
When you said it’s a Mario day I thought you should replace Chris’s part for his role
They approved it!? Wowwy I love it
chris pratt is so embarrassing 🙄 i think he’s obnoxious
Hot take, I like Chris Pratts Mario impression
Why so much cutting away?  It's not a proper reaction if you cutting so much
They’re scared of going more cartoony because apparently animation is just for kids. Just like how single player games are a dying breed.
He's a crotchety old plumber from Brooklyn, what did you expect?
Super Mario Bros 3D World was a key point of my childhood
Not only is Chris pratts mario TERRIBLE... he looks like one of the trolls from the trolls movie
Wonder if they will parody female bowser
i think mario starts in new donk city as a plumber "not a contuction worker" then goes to fix a pipe gets sucked in to mushroom kingdom.
I guarantee that at some point after the movie comes out someone is going to edit in the french guy over the rest of the english cast
The Music Man meme has been revived :)
I really don't feel the mario voice is that bad.
It felt like this whole video was hating on Chris. I think he did great and will be great
Im really hyped about this :-)
Meanwhile me watching the Mario Movie trailer add while watching the Mario Movie trailer reaction...
it doesn’t matter how many times i watch gtlive i keep on hearing that one naruto opening in the intro😅( can anyone relate )
So basically Mario gets "Isekai'd"?
All this coming from the guy who tried to push Pratt Pat
How hard is it to look over the notes and the trailer? Seems like Mat Pat did just that then got "Everything Right" hmmm.
now that i think about it didnt bowser had an island in mario rpg that kind of looked like the one in the trailer, i may be wrong i never really played mario rpg. my theory they might make a story with mario rpg in mind like collecting stars and stuff.the here we come line i believe is because he just arrived in the mushrrom kingdom and still is maybe cautious or more like don't know what to expect following toad right after he arrived.
where's dhis
I love your spy family/ theory family poster i need it now
Every little thing they didn't do absolutely perfect mat pat talked about it for like 3 minutes bro just let it go nothing is perfect.
Chris: OK What's my inspiration for this voice? Producer: You're the wife of a burger joint owner and your name is Linda Belcher.
I'm still going to watch it for sure, but what's with all the MatPat throat noises?
Question, is GTNotLive ever going to turn back into GTLive?
Chris Pratt looked drunk in the Nintendo direct
That is the coolest shirt I’ve ever seen 😮
It's-a me, Amario.
wow
Chris Prat is a lovely reminder of why to give up on life
I came to watch you react to the trailer. You paused it every 6 frames. Jesus Christ man
1:45 why amogus 🗿
I feel like Chris Pratt actually did play Mario in his life.   But the original game came out in  '85. Chris Pratt would've been in his teens at the time.   He probably flubbed his lines cuz had a lot to think about in terms of spoilers and such. Maybe he stopped cuz he needed to think about what is visible in the trailer.
Insert echo chamber of the Mario movie thoughts and collect paycheck. Content done for the week.
Wasn't Mario's character design done correctly in Wreckit Ralph 2?
Chris Pratt be running on vista XD
In before the 'Sega does what Nintendon't' memes if Mario's voice doesn't turn out better.
Matt is talking about the ARCANE GAME at a laundry mat...  That isn't super mario bro on Nintendo. At the Arcane you had the demolition game, the Donkey Kong game and the sewer game with koopa (but no goomba IIRC)  Why "mushroom kingdom here we come" why not the icone "Mushroom Kingdom, Let's a go"
I actually wouldn't like having a high pitch speaking all the time Mario or a throat scratching toad haha
10:49 what was that
If the voice is wrong then there are going to be riots.
am I the only one who thinks that mario kinda sounds like rocket racoon from the mcu
mario looks like fix it felix
I think Mario's voice is fine! We barely hear enough to judge it in the first lace, but I reckon they're going for a mix of his Italian origins with the New York/New Donk accent. Also yeah, bear in mind when you judge the accent that it is a fictional world, with fictional places, fictional languages and therefore fictional accents. Bowser is obviously amazing as is Luigi, and Toad. I personally don't really see the problem with Mario here, and I am now hyped for a movie when I've got at least 6 months to wait!
Devils advocate; what if gombas is what was going to roll off his tounge. Since they havent been announced or are not in it he wasnt allowed to say goombas, NDA or other movie legal reasons.  Catching himself  before saying it and pausing to correct himself with koopas.  The laundromat pause i can only chalk up to stress of the original blunder.  Thoughts?
I have to agree with the comments; I think Matt is being a bit facetious about Miyamoto's decision for what will be the trademark beginning of Nintendo's Film Industry. Like, yea, there's nothing wrong with evaluating everything critically but don't take every pause and every line Chris does as being 'uneducated in the marioverse' or as horrible voice acting. Miyamoto chose Chris Pratt for a reason. I doubt he's going to let his star child franchise, Mario, be a disappointment with a bad voice actor.  As others have said, Toad and Mario might simply be speaking in normal voices to avoid being high pitched ALL the time. Maybe his accent is a result of New Donk City (fictional place, fictional accent by the by) and over time it'll change as the mushroom kingdom grows on him and he gets happier.  Take the W for being accurate in your theories but don't be so brash about a trailer with a tip-of-the-tongue flavor test to act discouraged over.
Matpat making fun of Chris Pratt for saying koopas, and then calling Mario a construction worker  Mat, you know he's a plumber, wtf
Stomping... Uhh... Hmmm... Uhh... Uhm... Koopas!
Put Charles in the movie as Mario. They are wasting a great opportunity!
I’m fine with a lot of the cast but when I heard it was going to be Chris Pratt I didn’t believe them I thought they were kidding but no they we’re serious. I have nothing against the man but I felt the voice actor could have been chosen better but I still have hope for the movie so I’ll watch it and then judge
"bowser is great luigi is great toad is great the environments are great mario is the worst part" so its true to the games then
this gives me sonic vibes. the trailer reveal is definetly showing something needs to be fixed... also give us our dump truck mario!
I have no problems with Mario's voice or the others, I have no problems with the iconic voice just that, just like toad I don't want to hear high pitched voices from Mario and Luigi, all I care about is the iconic characters and and enemies stay true to the art style and iconic feel and so far they have that who cares for the voices it looks like it might be good so far.
Maybe it will be like the sonic movie and they will re-do it
If their doing this as a test pivot it’s smart if not I feel Chris might bring the movie down
Wait I thought Mario's only line in this trailer is "Where am I?" and the "MUSHROOM KKINGDOM HERE WE COME!" was the Toad?
for the sonic movie debate , Corridor Crew recently made a video with Tim Miller himself and in it he told the reason of the thing they did.
"Stomping koopas"
31:20 I beg to differ, I distinctly recall Chris Pratt mentioning that he was going to use his own voice rather than emulating a Mario voice.
.....Khoophas !
chris pratt has the worst british accent i’ve ever heard
“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO”
Remember spending hours on this one level where is was just ice and pequins everywhere. Its nice to see the pequins again.
Did you hear that whooshing swish sound? Sounded like net to me. A W for the Mat Pat team!
Brain Blast!!! I just had a thought! What if this is actually just a HUUUUGE troll by Chris Pratt? It wouldn't be hard to do. He's barely even in the trailer. I think they trolled us completely and he's just trying super hard to make all of the super fans mad so that he gets the last laugh when the movie is released and he's actually recorded a different voice for Mario all along. This is all just a publicity stunt to drive up ticket sales fueled by nerd rage.
They need to gat Jordan Naggz to play mario
I feel like if they do go for the city, then the voice is pretty good.
I swear I find a YouTube channel A few videos later I see a among us😡
Isn't Mario originally from Brooklyn
They could literally be trying to pull what Sonic did cuz there's a chance that the Sonic one movie creators purposely made the design like that just to get it more popular
Mario looks like he could be Fix it Felix Jr's long lost uncle
get the dislike addon dude
Can't wait for the edits where someone just edits Mario out of the entire movie. Excited for that 15 mins video
Thwomp doing the people's eyebrow
What is that spy x family poster in the background? I want more of that. Super cute.
To be fair to Chris, I played plenty of Super Mario Bros and later Mario games in my youth, and it was almost a decade before I realized that Gombas weren't called "Koopas" and Koopas weren't called "Turtles".  I guess if I had read the game documentation...but I didn't, so yeah.  (Yeah, the whole "King Koopa" thing made a _lot_ more sense when I discovered that the "turtles" were koopas.)  The laundromat thing though?  Hmm...  I mean, I guess I've see games in laundromats, but not arcade games.  Maybe it was a thing?  Before I was born?  (And I was born in the early '80s, so...)
Why is so much cut out. This was a pretty frustrating video to watch
itsa mea mario
Also, where in the US was there ever an original Mario Bros arcade game? I’ve certainly never seen one, and the later releases were only in arcades as a part of Player Choice 10 or whatever.
Chris... you hamster wheeled. I hope that was just you going mentally inside and realizing no there are no Goomba characters in the movie. Fingers crossed still but...
In Wreck it Ralph Bowser had to hold a cup a certain way to stay true to his character, do you really think they're going to allow their boy Mario to be massacred? This is just the sonic thing all over again, they made Luigi look good but not Mario? Come on. Once the Internet gets in an uproar and creates tons of publicity for the movie they'll fix Mario and Chris will do an amazing job. Think about it, Mario doesn't even say "Here we Come" he says "Here We Go"
Tbh I'd rather have SUBTITLES as the script and the voices would be like those static noises like in games conversations lol
maybe its another marketing trategy and their gonna "change" his voice. its not but i can hope.
One of the biggest things that bugs me from 90% of comments for the movie is "they casted Chris Pratt for the Hollywood name recognition"........ do people really believe that Mario needs the clout from someone who is probably less known then Super Mario is? Sure Chris has worked on a lot and is a known name but no way is he at the level of Mario in recognition.
It may not be the best mario voice, but remember that the mario show had it where people from our world entered the mushroom kingdom, so if it sounds more like an actual accent I'm OK with it.
I kinda thought mario sounded like SMG4 a little.
Matpat disparaging the Kingdom of the Penguins as mere fodder and not a true kingdom like his beloved mushroom kingdom I wish we had seen some peach, and i hope we get Daisy in here somewhere, as either a background scenery chewer or as an after credits at the very least
I like matapatr doing a SpongeBob reference in 21:48 he goes ooooooooo 😂
The mario look made me think he looked like " Fix-It Felix " from " Wreck it Ralph "
Interesting how Charles Martinet is still listed among the cast at the end there...
There were no Goombas in the original Mario Bros arcade game. They 1st appeared in the NES game Super Mario Bros. Though in Mario Bros you didn't really stomp the enemies.
What are the mushrooms in the mushroom kingdom eating to out populate both flora and fauna?
The Audio doesn't help to get you excited either. The Background tracks they chose is probably as generic as they can be, to the point that I can RIP it from the trailer with the dialogue and put it on anything else, and it would probably fit.
You know that feeling where you see something good, but it also looks like it might be painful, but it might just end up being PAINFULLY average, to the point you might not talk about it more then once? That's the kind of vibe this movie is giving me based on this trailer.  Excited for bowser, in pain listening to mario.
Everything looks beautiful. Mario has just two lines, for everyone on the internet that is upset with Mario, it is better than the live action Mario. It did some nods to the game, but it was a let down. So I'm ready to go see it
Mario's voice sounds like rocket frog gardens of the galaxy
You missed the sibling aspect to the game part.
Time stamp 17:10 there's a funny number there. 😄😄
I would love to see Peach actually fall for Bowser and them get together in the movie. Not going to happen but it would be a fun twist, and Bowser could use some love.
There is this game on roblox called quantum science energy research facility and is a really good game is very realistic and detailed but the best part is that it has L O R E
i think the reason you change mario slightly is so "movie mario" is more recognizable for merchendising purposes
Bowser's really been setting up his fire-breathing game, hasn't he?
Listen to the French dub. It’s much more “Mario”
you said that Mario didn't look good but bowser was stripped from other games and polished. This got me thinking about other 3D renders of Mario and what they could is pull the Mario from the Mario + rabbid cutscenes and trailers, polish him make him more realistic, bam! You have you're Mario.
He reminds me a lot of pete in the goofy movies
chris as mario is meh, definitely could be worse, was expecting a higher pitch of voice
i think everythink else is gonna make up for chris pratt's performance if it does end up being bad
I think Matt's idea of what these characters should sound like might ruin the movie for him, its for enjoyment and to see our Mario gang on the big screen! Most (if not all) of these characters have never had voices or arcs before!! This movie is going to be give our beloved characters their voices in their playful worlds we know and love. None of these characters  should have set voices or accents like we have here  in real life. Theyre not from NYC, Italy, Scotland, ect. The most Mario's really ever said was his name, grunts, yells, laughs, and other small expressions. Giving him a set accent wouldnt do him justice, it would contain his character and the artist approach on finding Mario his voice. It would be like if we all decided what Hylians should sound like and immediately assuming that Link would speak that way, too. I think this movie with this superstar cast and production team is going to ace this one <3
When I heard Bowser was actually gonna sing I was like “I have to hear what Mat had to say about this!!”  Also his reaction to the Chris Pratt stuff is hilarious
Ah but you see, Chris mentioned Koopas and not Goombas because he was specifically talking about starting out playing the original "Mario Bros.", which doesn't have Goombas. And, seeing as Koopas were technically called "Shellcreepers" in that game, he had to catch himself so as not to give the more obscure name, and he replaced it with the more widely recognized name "Koopa", hence the pause. Clearly, he's a more hardcore Mario fan than we give him credit for!
I think this movie will Spiderman Into the Spiderverse love after it comes out.
When MatPat kept pausing during the actual trailer instead of letting it play out my mind was blown. To me I would watch the whole trailer first and then analyze it later.
I….. recognize one of the icons of his tabs….
“Mushroom kingdom here we come”…. Chris Pratt doesn’t have bad voice. It just doesn’t fit. Mario is supposed to be energic. 😞   I do like every other voice yet. Bowser is insane. Toad sounds great. Mario just need a bit more energy in his voice and I think it could be great.
Wtf is that nhentai tab in Mat's browser? Got a secret for us Mathew pathew?
When Mario says “Mushroom Kingdom. Here we come.” It sounds almost sarcastic. It sounds reluctant. I think Toad might had to convince Mario to come with and Mario is going with a lot of hesitation. It might be just because it he just came out of a tube and doesn’t know where he is. That’s my only guess aside from not hearing more from Chris Pratt
I fail to see how that proves you’re theory bro
The wife in bobs burgers 🍔 😂
Isn't March 10th Mario day? Just saying.
that end seen in mario trailer where luigi runs into the...castle? replace that with a huge mansion and it'd be a great start to a luigis' mansion movie
What if Mario went through a battle with bowser and thats what gives him his iconic voice?
*makes fun of Chris Pratt for having to think of a character in a game he played in his childhood *calls Kamek 'MAGIKOOPA' I still think Matpat is a narcissist tbh. I had to unsub just because how he talks lately makes me feel yuck. He's gotten kinda rude and self-absorbed.
I swear to god, WE HAVE HEARD ONE F-ING LINE FROM MARIO, PEOPLE. *_ONE._* Y'all have _no_ chill.
Honestly, I don't think Chris Pratt did a bad job. Infract I think it did a good job.
21:00 the penguins volunteered, they want revenge because of all the baby penguins sacrificed for the memes.
Everyone: Watches Main Video Me: Watching Everything Except For The Main Video
I think toad's personality may be from the Mario Galaxy games
Chris Pratt is pretty good, stop hating on him please, there's absolutely NO need
Is the killer mushrooms a reference to the gombas
AMONG US PLUSHIE!!!
I actually like the Mario voice and detail
Mat i love ya but the constant pausing is killing me
My gripe is “here we come” his phrase is “here we go” like why not use that line?
Toad is acting more like how he acts in super Mario galaxy
Chris Pratt was going for a Brooklyn accent, which is what literally every Mario voice actor other than Charles Martinet has done. Charles Martinet wasn't the original voice of Mario.
Dear illumination, give us the Charles Martone cut right now. Stop yourself from making an even worse mistake than Hop.
Mario bad but hey at least it not as bad as the sonic movie...right?
I'm so hype about this Bowser musical number!! Nailed it MatPat ! 🤙🏻
Chris Pratt didn’t even try to give Mario an Italian accent. *gets frustrated*
Really disappointed that it seems to be skipping through the trailer rather than letting us see his full reaction.
you really skiped alot of funny but good LLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEE
You totally nailed it! That casting spoke volumes
Is it just me or does his mustache and hair look like they’re different colors?
No Chris Pratt pausing before he said koopas was not really that funny, especially considering they weren't even called kupas in the original 1983 Mario arcade game
The arcade game "Mario Bros" (1983) did not have koopas. It had turtles, crabs, flies, etc... It wasn't until '85-'86 that Super Mario Bros would introduce koopas. I think most people associate SMB with playing at home on the NES. In fact, Super Mario Bros only released on the Famicom/NES and Nintendo VS platforms unlike Mario Brothers which was released on almost anything you can imagine, including carts for various Atari machines and on diskette for computer systems. I played hours and hours of Mario Bros on my Commodore 64. It's weird to hear Pratt talk about Koopas in the arcade. I personally never saw a Super Mario arcade cabinet, but apparently they existed.
I like how Mat is just ignoring the fact that Mario is also Italian.
Since this movie comes out in april i really hope this is all just big a setup for an aprils fool joke to reveal last minute on April fools day
What is wrong with Mario? I think it’s brilliant. And actually the closest to the original  Toad and bowser also really good but made up . Mario was great stop whining
all I'm saying is that if you didn't have a problem with Disney and other companies changing character's then i don't want to hear from you any complains about Mario on this one
AYO WHY IS THER 666K VIEWS
I like Mario's design, but I don't really like the voicing.
Mario: “Mushroom Kingdom, HERE, WE COME.” MatPat: *visible pain
I feel like we're being misled with Chris Pratts voice. Nintendo knows what mario sounds like, illumination knows that sticking to things the way fans like it will make more money, so this must be Nintendos decision. Maybe it might have to do with character growth, or maybe the voice clip used in the trailer is not going to be in the movie at all and they're hiding the actual voice. We might be underestimating them, but who knows? Maybe I'm overthinking  this and they're literally just stupid, but it doesn't make sense for everything to look and seem so good except for their main character.
just think about peach and what she might look like
If Mario starts the movie in New York then the movie is not canon because of Yoshi's Island.
i think the best performance we got in the trailer is the Koopa with the eye patch, he was standing there like a god.
Wanted to hear more about the theory and your reaction to whether or not you had landed it. But it was more reaction. And I really kinda got bored with your take on it.b
Let me be clear when I say that this is the only channel that has gotten me to laugh out loud in a long time. Love u GTLive, keep up the amazing content!
I think Chris Pratt's Mario voice calls back to the old Super Mario Cartoon.
Come on here and talk about goosebumps
I didn't pick up on Chris Pratt's pause when I watched it the first time because I was watching at like 1.75x speed. Now watching at normal speed, oh no.
Chris prat: I spent a lot of my time stomping………koopas. The Mario fans:🤦🏽‍♀🤦🏽‍♀🤦🏼‍♀🤦🏼‍♀🤦🏾🤦🏾
Someone already commented this but Chris Pratt was probably referring to the ARCADE version of super mario bros where the only enemies were shellcreepers and crabs. The shellcreepers are the ancestors of Koopas. Also, you guys make a joke about a laundromat being on the movie but it is perfectly reasonable that in the old days there were some arcade cabinets in the laundromats precisely with that version of Super Mario Bros. So yeah, Chris Pratt's said it very weirdly but it totally checks out. He probably had a lot of fun playing Mario Bros as a kid.
Koopas are not in the Mario Bros. arcade game.
I was about this old and a few days when I learned that Mario was from Brooklyn so that caught me off guard when my friend told me that 😅
Bowser had better have a villain song! 🤞🤞
Would've loved if Kevin Heart would've been the voice actor of toad lol
Luigi looks like charlie it's crazy
Koopas (derogatory) gave me one heck of a laugh.
hot take but yall r being too harsh to chris pratt off of maybe two lines that may or may not be the final cut considering this is the first trailer weve gotten period like his voice isnt even that bad!!
play bonelab and do theory!!!!!!!!!!!
MATT. For the like-dislike ratio, there is a chrome extention for that
I feel that most of the story is base on super Mario 64.
“and then you have chris pratt” wow mat what do you mean “chris pratt”
11:03 Gombas were NOT in the original Mario Bros Arcade Machine - Chris is correct. It was Koopas
SUper Mario is an Isekai game :O
They may need to be cast  Mario. However I personally think the design is OK even though I do definitely want it changed to be more traditional
26:30 Did Matpat's mic, pick up a sound? Was that... a toot?
It's funny to me that Mario's mustache is still not the same color as the rest of his hair. Didn't know what I expected, but they could've compromised with a dark brown throughout.
oild
I actually like Chris Pratt as Mario 🤷🏼 like you said he’s a blank slate.. not all characters have to sound the same in all forms of media 🤷🏼 maybe it’s a hot take but I’m gonna wait for the movie to come out before I judge 😂
My theory… Chris Pratt is actually pretty sick and he’s not telling anyone.. cause lately if you watch some of his interviews and stuff lately compared to a few years ago… oh man there’s a huuuuge difference but it’s just a far fetched theory that I really really hope it’s far off and he’s just going thru something mentally or something 😅 cause I love Chris Pratt
Matt… please stop pausing every single second of the clip… please…
Wait April 17 it said marh 30 when I watched it🤨
i honestly like mario’s re model. sue me.
Bruh y'all never had to fry Chris Pratt like that bruhh I'm actually dead😭,
Stomping coombas
I dunno, maybe I'm being overly optimistic, but hearing him say "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come." it feels.. more human? I dunno, it doesn't read to me as a moment where you'd expect more enthusiasm, and in that sense it seems more appropriate to me. That being said, I can understand people wanting a better showing of him acting like Mario, so I can't say what they did was necessarily the right call for the Trailer.
Did you notice that Charles Martinet was in the list of the cast at the end of the trailer>
there’s plenty of mario games where bowser has a floating island
Predecessors to Koopa Troopas, Shellcreepers, appeared in the 1983 game Mario Bros., with Koopa Troopas debuting in the first Super Mario game, Super Mario Bros. (1985). Koopa Troopas have appeared in some form in most of the Super Mario games and many of the spin-off games.
40:34 and he figured it out
they should've made a bowser movie
Stomping                            ''silence''                       Koopas
can we get a Film Theory on if Linda from Bobs Burgers and Mario are related
They definitely said "Chris-san, I'm sure it's perfect" to Chris asking if they wanted a reshoot
Where does MatPat look when he thinks then? Down at the ground?
This video is just Matpat going through the 5 stages of grief
sounds more like lightning mcqueen
Matpat: "MUUUUUUSICAL SIDEEEEE!!!!!!" Me: "MUUUUUUSIC MAAAAAAANNNN!!!!!!!"
Chris sounds like a father reluctantly playing make believe with children he did don't want to have, in a marriage he does not want to be in.
make a music man t shirt please
With it being a potential origin story  for mario even with a chopped "accent" the catchphrases may be developed latr on for his character throughout the film and hes not the current mario of today he would be the battle hardened vet of mushroom kingdom hes still the dreaming city boy of the mundane which could be why his character is more cartoonishly soft
I'm pretty sure someone said that this was based off of the American super Mario show where Mario was from new york
Whole hours of his life!?
29:02 people seem to forget that a lot of toad are part of peach/her father army.Not all of them are normal civilian.Its like expecting every human to do the same job and sound the same.
I usually love Theorists videos but this was about 30 minutes longer than it needed to be...
Map hat make a Siri on candle
Forget mario... Matpat For Toad
He searched up how to make a piggy private server recently?
Definitely not as good as Ryder’s Mario
I like MatPat’s theory because it allows Mario’s motivation for saving Peach to be “wants to be an hero,” and not them forcing a romance
Mat constantly pausing is making me feel a new kind of rage
32:48 who farted? 👀
Luigi's mansion movie please
French Mario still the best Mario
my question was why tf he go "mushroom kingdom here we come" instead of "mushroom kingdom lets a go" i can tell nintendo are scared of doing a racist accent for the character but tbh it was never really an Italian accent it was Mario's accent and they ruined it orrrr now stay with me were looking at a sonic situation where nintendo put out this pile of crap just to be like "is this what u really want guys" and when everyone inevitably says no theyll put in the original with no consequence
Woah didn't know DanTDM was playing Mario that's so cool
Hold up, was Jack wearing a Dragon Turtle Tshirt? Why does Mario look like Fix it Felix with Mario Skin DLC?
Ps: I feel like it's a huge disservice to the actor who has always portrayed Mario to finally have a movie and  not even voice his own character; Chris Pratt doesn't need to be in it at all.
Has anyone else wondered why we never see the blue spiny shell koopas?
I think the voice of mario on this is quite similar to the show they made seeing its a lot less Its-A Me A-Mario and a lot more of a new york/Brooklyn sound
This... hurt me. Of course he has a giant floating volcano - that was the land he had in the very first game.
Chris pratt is a bad choice, its purely for bringing in audiences. His voice is mediocre. I agree they could have told the game actor to tone it down and it would have been good. Voice actors are still trying to break that glass ceiling into film industry. Colleen o'shaughnessy is talented and lucky.
2 italian plumbers, raised in brooklyn, live/works in new york on construction sites and general plumbing and also sometimes demolition.
IT'S ABOUT DRIVE, IT'S ABOUT OOER
Middle-aged Mario? But Mario's canonical age is like... 24 or something, isn't it? Because Peach is supposed to be 21, I believe
don’t worry darling film theory when
Tbf if he did a funny stereotypical Italian accent people would rage cultural insensitivity on appropriation
17:04 This gives off the same vibes as the Chris Pratt interview. My guy is literally stumbling on 69-4 XD
Two theories for you to smoke on while we wait for more info: 1.) Mario and Luigi are NOT from Brooklyn, New York, but rather New Donk City, as part of the "mushroom world" within Mario's universe. 2.) One of the major plotpoints of this movie will be Mario and Luigi's different experiences in the Mushroom Kingdom; Mario sees the wonder the place has to offer, while Luigi sees all the scary and dangerous parts. When they reunite and it comes time to finally confront Bowser, Luigi is incredibly hesitant, not just because it's dangerous, but he hasn't see what Mario's seen so he doesn't fully appreciate what's at stake. This causes some second-to-third act tension as Luigi abandons Mario and the Mushroom Kingdom in an attempt to return home, only to come back right when Mario needs him the most during the final battle!
Sack Chris Pratt and get Danny devito. It's how it should always have been
So excited for the movie, also I think Chris will do fine voicing a realistic Mario
Not ideal when the lead actor in your movie can't even act as if he cares about the property.
why mario lookin like a toad???
I'm a fan of the Theory channels, but I'm kinda irked. MattPat is kinda showing his confirmation bias in this. From the moment Chris Pratt is on screen, Matt's picking apart everything he says and does to serve it up on a platter to sacrifice to the internet. Pratt gives one line in the trailer and Matt instantly starts carving him up for the hate squad. Why? What performance are we seeing aside from ONE LINE?
Mat seemed disappointed in how Mario looks, but I'm not sure why, he looks accurate to me. What am I missing?
WHEN DID YOU ADD GOOGLY EYES TO YOUR COOL DNA STRAND THINGIE MATT? ITS SO GOOD-
it took me a while to figure out what felt wrong with this mario design and i came up with 2 things: 1. is his cheecks are uncumfortablly big borderline droopy levels and 2. his bottom teeth that just give off horrible vibes
I like how Miyamoto does a Jojo pose out of the blue 15:50
Luigi's in this movie? Great! We have someone to root for!
Bro i love him and all but mf plays the video for one second then says a thousand things
you should play BONELAB
What is the hate behind this, i understand that chris being mario is shocking, but i didnt think it was bad. He looked....ok, but the voice acting was really good, chris did a awsome job at mario and he is just getting bullied for NO reason. 30:00, this is a good point for my reasoning, "Mushroom kingdom here we come," i didnt think that this was a bad line, honeslty i thought that it was pretty good, agian chris did a good job doing mario and i think that the hate he is getting is not deserved
"Koopa Troopas," anyone?? 🙃
Should have checked out the French dub, Mario sounds on point.
There weren’t any goombas in Mario Bros right? 🤔 it was just koopas until Super Mario Bros 👀
“Mushroom Kingdom, here we come”  Gives off the same vibes as  “Father, when can I leave to be on my own?”
crisp rat somehow making a fictional turtle's name sound like a slur is making me laugh so hard
Anyone else think that Mario looks like fix it Felix or is it just me
Matpat is playing piggy rn its 10 october
He urge not to say stomp bowsette
his voice is fine
Ollie in 10 years: "mom! Dad's doing it again!" Matpat in a different room: "MUSIC MAAAN! MUUUUUSIIIIIIIIC MAAAAAN!"
my theory is that nintendo is finally gona fix the mario timeline and we gona see a past secuence with jumpman, foreman spike, pauline and DK and then he is gona be mario and luigi dad. jumpman is gona be voiced by charles martinet XD
1:46 - 1:57 MARIO GOT ISEKAI'D?? 🤣
Can you react to murder drones on the glitch channel
Mario looks more like he belongs in Wallace and Gromit, why couldn't they go closer to what they did with bowser?
Yea he definitely buffered lol but he did say it was the original Mario bros game in the arcade which didn't have Goombas so makes sense to say Koopas but yeah he definitely hasn't played in a very long time if he really is a fan lol
You skipped over way too much of his reaction, like the voices!
In the original Mario Bros Arcade game there were no goombas. Even koops briefly appear. Most of the enemies are spinies or crabs. Hence why he had to say koopa- that's the most recognizable enemy from the game
I think the problem for so long has been that mario… isn’t actually a character. For so long, Nintendo has very much avoided giving Mario a distinct personality due to him being primarily a vessel for PLAYERS to make decisions for him. He’s the blank slate silent protagonist with no opinion or quirks of his own. It’s always everyone else that goes through character development… and NEVER Mario, because that would break players immersion in the GAME!  Luigi has character! We actually know him… but not Mario. We don’t actually know anything about Mario as a person other than he knows how to stomp on goombas and kick Bowser’s tail.   We know Mario from the TV shows, but I highly doubt they’d be taking inspiration from that. As much as I hate to admit, Mario from the show has personality, opinions, and his own way of doing things, which is something we normally don’t see from him because he’s NEVER BEEN a side character with the freedom of not having to relate to the player… but himself.
I’m just saying it’s absolutely painful watching him pause it every 0.5 seconds.. just watch the whole thing first and then skip around and do the commentary. I can’t believe this seems to not bother anyone else
Giving chris the benefit of the doubt, hes talking about the arcade cabinet, he might have gone to say goomba at first and then he's realizing the arcade cabinet for Mario Bros. didn't have goombas, what was in the arcade cabinet, Shellcreepers, which is what looks like Koopas.
Thanks for the reaction Mat .... .... .... Prat
This sounds weird but where Mirror Mat?
Where’s Steph? Who’s this other girl…
Guys, I JUST NOTICED: Charles Martinet is literally one of the cast members listed in the ending of the trailer. MY theory is that it starts off with Pratt-io and something happens somewhere throughout the movie that makes his voice change to the Mario we know and love. Unfortunately I don't think this will come true, but a kid can dream...
I know this is off topic but have you seen the new dhmis? It's on channel 4/ All 4 and is very good!
I could be wrong... But I think I hear a Brooklyn accent in "heeere wee come". It's not that clear, but I think I can hear it and I see other people do as well. I read that Mario's original character (like in the 80's and 90's cartoons and shows) is originally from Brooklyn. So that makes me understand Chris's voice a little more! AND it also kind of reminds me of the Super Mario Super Show from 1989!! And I looooved that show😂But this is a teaser of course I need to hear more, this is only a little bit, maybe if we hear more lines in an upcoming trailer we can hear it more clear!
Theres a point where one is just too critical for their own good.
Chris Pratt really said he spent hours stomping KOOPAS
The VA for The game Mario only says a handful of words and is definitely not a Brooklyn accent. We have only heard a couple of lines from Pratt. I think we are judging too harshly. The cartoon show Mario sounded nothing like game Mario. Let’s just give more time to judge
Mario looks like Fix-it Flix Sr.
So Chris Pratt can't say he played Mario as a kid without this guy having a breakdown?
I fear it’s becoming a trend to hire A list actors to voice act instead of hiring *actual* voice actors Like they’re entirely different jobs and voice actors never get they’re proper credits that they deserve!
I think charly day will just be charly day not luigi. It will be the case where charly day will be less scrutinized then mario
Weren’t the koopalings named after musicians? Maybe they will have a part in bowsers song.
21:46 Ash sounds like she’s in pain
I know I'm the out liar on this, but I like Chris Pratt's Mario Voice from this trailer.
I don’t get y they said mushroom kingdom here we come instead of here we go
MatPat you should voice Mario xD LOL
As an animator myself, I literally can't see why they couldn't just use their premade models from the smash bros games....there's no reason not to reuse assets. The ONLY reason I can think of for changing it is the fact that Chris doesn't have a voice that fit the look so they had to like....cookie cut him to fit any ol voice
I wish we had an idea of how Luigi is going to sound because like Chris Pratt, Charlie Day has the similar issue of sounding just like himself..
And sheesh Mario looks more like fix it Felix than marioooo
i like the amogus pillow, is it new or have i just blocked it out of my memory
If I am completely honest, Chris' voice acting isn't bad... it's just not the Mario we are used to. Martinet is in this movie for a reason, I believe there could be a voice change at some point, to what degree, idk. But we need to hear more to truly justify what Nintendo & Illumination were going for.  Put it this way, why would Miyamoto greenlight a voice he didn't think worked? But who am I to tell people what to do.
Mushroom kingdom here we come
I feel Christ Pratt should sing the whole song "Do the Mario" from back in the day, as a punishement for such a bad interview...we were not ready for such a bad take.
Matt get a new women bro get u a african women
I'm like 90% that was a dramatic pause. Plus I think he was about to say Goomba  but that might be racist.
Can you guys take a look at gilbert garfield
I WANT to hope that they are pulling a Sonic Movie and that Mario’s voice is actually better.
if they made mario less wide, made his accent slightly heavier like a New York Italian accent with a slightly higher pitched voice, I'd have no issues with him
16:55 Nice
March 10th is "Mario" Day. smh
With no other context other than this video perhaps they're using just ah ah what are they called koopas, is because when Mario jumps on them they go back in their shell and don't die, can't have that pg-13 rating by crushing goombas
He did say in the video that it looks like the mushroom world from sonic. Mario and sonic have done colabs before in games
Nice face Matt
WE WANT JACK BACK!
Bowsers voice is amazing
Is nobody going to mention the gurgling that mic is picking up from his esophagus? This trailer must be giving his MASSIVE heart burn ❤ 🔥
Chris prat’s voice is just naaah
Mario is a tired old man at this point so hes not going be very happy go lucky at this point so maybe as the movie goes we will start hearing the mario we know and love
hint matpat: Mushroom world from sonic movie is the same as the musrhoom kingdom, they have teased a collab movie from the start
I feel like Chris wanted to say Goombas, but was told specifically not to say Goombas. And in the moment just brain farted through the whole video.😂
They pullin a sonic revamp here
I watched another streamer say that Mario looks like Fix-it Felix from Wreck-it-Ralph and now I can't unsee it.
I actually like Mario’s voice better, Bowser’s feels more weird to me. Neither seem like the right casting option though, but I feel its passable. The animation looked great to me, didn’t notice the changes to Mario’s design that much. Also felt very similarly about Chris’s interview.
Koopas (Derogatory)
OH NO NOT THE KOOPAS!  (If you dont know what I mean you remember the save the turtles thing?)
20:01 bowser's fury?
16:58 nice
I’m thinking Mario is an avatar.
Chris Pratt looks like the kid who went to a job interview and is trying to make a connection to get the job, but he really is just there for the money 😂😂
Them talking about penguins Me: we didn't even saw the penguin part
0:54 you sound like Mickey mouse trying to impersonate Mario.
Maybe halfway through the movie Mario gets hit in the throat and sounds like Chris Pratt? 🤞
Clearly matpat needs some knowledge because the voice isn’t aiming for the iconic Italian voice but instead they were aiming for the super Mario super show voice
dude i think mario lost his voice before talking
You should react to alphabet lore         It’s dark
Everyone's complaint is that Mario has no cake
Hey matpat remember when you stawked chi’s prat in film theory video
Wait a minute.. I'm pretty sure you couldn't even stomp on ANY enemy in the Super Mario Bros. Arcade game. That's what the pow block is for.
Chúc anh luôn sức khỏe và hát cho chúng em nghe nhé
here's a theory: mario movie will be an isekai.
Mfw chris pratt starts joe bidening
MatPat looking especially fine in this video :)
anyone notice mario's model looks like sonic from the sonic movie look at the eyes of the two and you may see what i mean
Ease off Chris Pratt. He was referring to the original 1983 arcade game. No Goombas in that game. The pause buffer could be because Koopas were first called "ShellCreeper". If you spent hours of your childhood in an arcade blasting shellcreepers, then you probably would need to pause to remember they changed the name to Koopa. It's been almost 40 years, people
Sega do what nitendon't!
Emmet when hearing Chris Pratt's awkward pause: Wow man... I am now ashamed that you are my voice actor now
Mario's personality is that he is mostly a no nonsense heroic kind of guy. You see this throughout all the media. Mario is usually written this way in various media including games. Luigi is mostly the funny sidekick and the reluctant hero.  You see this best in the Mario & Luigi games and Luigi's Mansion 3 where he doesn't miss a beat when it comes to jumping into action.
21:47 his reaction to mario's voice
Mario has had more voices besides Charles, some with a very strong accent from Brookling. Even with that, Chris' attempt fells too flat.  Too generic for an icon.
this has been driving me nuts why does peaches castle look so much like a rocket ship like it's about to blast off
Tbh the design of Mario is fine it's Chris Pratt voice that's the issue here so could we petition for someone else that can do Mario voice correctly?
the only thing iw as thinking watching this trailer is if matpat got it right and ofc he did
We gotta save the Mario movie from the part where Mario says let's go!
CONGRATS
his voice is FINE
There weren’t goombas in the original arcade game it was only koopas
What if the reason Chris pauses so long before saying Koopas is because that he almost spoiled the true antagonist? What if Mario and Bowser has to team up against something else?
JustWhaleSeals
Luigi in danger is the purist Luigi lol
The Italian in Mar and Weegee went to the backrooms
can you play roblox mimic or judy?
French dub is amazing
e
Anyone remember when Matthew was *"simping"* for Chris Pratt?
Is that Mario's voice or feel like that's somebody else
To mention someone who knows more about the animation industry who is also losing his sanity due to things people want him to review Saberspark could probably inform you better
the only way to fix mario in this movie is to fire chris pratt and hire someone else to redo the lines
23:40 - 24:55 I feel like it's the bias of "it's a cartoon so it's for kids" line of thinking where if it's too cartoony looking, it won't be taken seriously or people will just write it off compared to making it look more "real". That's only my guess though.  32:41 - 32:56 I honestly don't think it was the case for Sonic, cause I mean...there were images for toy packages and posters made for that revealed design and practically NONE for the revision for the later version in ANY of the marketing. Those aren't things you "test", especially at the stage everything was at.
Mario looks like a Smurf
I'm confused about the Charles Martinet credit both on IMDB and at the end of the trailer. Matpat hasn't brought that up, has he?
Honestly I think the issue with the Chris Pratt version of the Mario voice is the fact that Mario's voice has essentially become his personality. Since we don't have much to latch onto for Mario's personality, most people have come to know him by his voice rather than who he is. And when you have a character that is really known by very few but specific things you should at least try and make sure you get those things correct if not very close (especially when they are the main character), because without those the character really doesn't feel like Mario.
Chris Pratt was talking about the original MARIO BROS. NOT Super Mario Bros. THERE ARE NO GOOMBAS IN IT, and you primarily stop Koopas in it. You guys go off on him so hard for no reason.
Maybe Mario isn't excited, but is pulled along out of necessity? Maybe Mario is the grumpy foot-stomper? But.. yeah... not sure.
The pause wasnt that bad... i dont understand why you guys dug into him that hard
So people wont want to listen to 2 hours of a raspy high pitched toad voice but they WOULD want 2 hours of a high pitched Italian stereotype? XD no thank you. ill take this one!
Gilbert Gottfried should've voiced Toad.
Chris Pratt said Koopas with a Hard K
is it bad that i think matpats mario is SO much better than pratts..??   Like- i LOVE chris pratt... but this is NOT it for him
Also looks like Matty Patti has been working oit
Matpat reacting to characters personality after two words really annoys me lmao
how oil'd is miyamoto?
I think the major difference in Mario's look is the mustache. It's just ... different.
Charlie Day is great also
The voice is bad and Mario has no booty. Bowser is the only good thing.
everyones saying "The Penguins from Super Mario 64!!!" but didn't every mario game with different worlds have penguins after that too?? like New super mario Bros. DS/Wii/WiiU, Mario Galaxy 1 (dunno about 2),...
16:56 NICE
Goombas are more iconic but you can stomp koopas
he looks exactly like Mario what is he talking about the only thing different is the mustache
too add to this in the old cartoons and movies the usual tellings of the mario brothers is they got stuck in the mushroom kingdom by somehow falling into a pipe or sewer system and being spat out a pipe on the other side of the mushroom kingdom it could be just that and usually it is in new york or apartment buildings
Mycophobia  go brrrrr
Chris Pratt is the definition of the kid that spent all his time outside, no idea why he would be cast as a video game character, unless it was a gritty Duckhunt movie.
Just think of Mario's voice like Mickey Mouse's voice.  Mickey's voice has range, and he has versions toned down; the same is easily done for Mario.  There's a lot of fan voices of Mario that's a more normal tone but it's still "Mario".
the theory that Sonic did that do see how audiences would react is debunked in the latest Corridor Digital Artists React where they had Tim Miller on the couch
What would really throw me for a loop would be if Chris Pratt was a misdirect all along. They hired him to pretend to be Mario's VA and told him to give a subpar performance for the trailer and in the Direct in order to build publicity for the movie while avoiding doing a better job than the actual VA.   This way, when the studios do the ol' switcheroo, bait-and-switch, and reveal the actual voice of Mario, it might artificially generate more hype. And people would be okay with it because it would be a better performance than Chris', which was intentionally a low bar.
Ashley sounded like a wounded puppy there for a second and just.... same though. Same.
Mat is cringing at Chris Pratt's interview and voice acting. Even from the fact he grew up and spending hours on stomping on koopas in "Mario Bros." It’s too hilarious! 😂
Yeah, he went for a New York accent.
I know it's not going to happen but maybe Chris Pratt is just the face. They gave him some cash to record a few lines and be the junket face. When we get to the actual movie it's Charles Martinet. We can hope.
Your just straight up mean. Hope you enjoy ripping apart others. Haters gotta hate
the mario theme used when he comes out of the pipe is ripped from the super mario bros super show intro
I mean Chris Pratt is a great actor and a fun guy. In the guardian of the galaxy movies he did great. But for some reason this it's really not going so great for him and I don't understand, I don't get why they didn't get the original voice actor I mean I can understand if they're doing musical. Though I really really hope it's not a musical.
in reality he was referring to the original super mario arcade game where there are no goombas and instead koopas are the main enemy
Mario definitely looks off. Didn't see either of the Sonic movies, though I've heard good things, so clearly it's possible to make a decent animated video game movie nowadays. I probably won't end up seeing this one either, but if they can work out the kinks in Mario, I have high hopes for this movie
This might be like how the first sonic trailer sucked.. then they dramatically changed his appearance for the film itself. Maybe the film will actually be way better then the trailer makes it out to be???
Preesh for the chapter title "koopas (derogatory)"
I miss Steph on GTL
What's your favorite part of the video Timmy?  Timmy: I really liked the part when MattPatt talked about how Starlord said "Koopas" for a loooong time.
There making a Nintendo cinematic universe (ncu) sonic and Mario are connected lmao.
I mean, hearing full dialogue of Charles Martinet for an hour and a half instead of small sound bites, would get old fast. I do think it'll be like the Sonic concept where they completely redesigned the character, but what's unreasonable about it is that people are so fast to hate and bash Chris based on 10 words of the FIRST trailer out there, not to mention, we don't actually see Mario saying those words so it could just be a line for the trailer alone.
I mean from what I saw, it looks like he kinda just had a brain fart at the moment he was saying koopas. It’s unlikely that he forgot what koopas were called after hearing the term for at least a few months
This mario is pre fungul infection until he becomes Peaches warrior. A side effect of the infection is pitched voices and while lugi always sounded different.
So mario is supposed to be an Italian american plumber from brooklyn, I think chris pratt gets it down good not great though
it looked like illumination tried to make a cartoony Bob hopkins and failed
Mat pat you should voice mario
The only thing i don't like about it is the mario voice
I'm curious if they talked about adding a "Bowsette" reference in the movie.
As far as I know Mat has been right about two things, this and MMUUUUUUUSSIC MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!!! I knew he was going to say music man after he said "MMUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSICAIL!" and could help myself but say it and we said it at the same time XD This power is ridiculous. It's annoying yet funny at the same time like bro, the annoying part is that it happens every fking day but it's funny that I say the same thing at the same time as someone else said what they said as I said it lol too many "said"s Fun fact: I still listen to the music man sparta remix XD
What if Mario being in the mushroom kingdom for the first time, his voice is also “normal” from his world in New York City and that’s what we hear in the trailer and as time passes, his voice changes to the high pitched voice we know because of his lengthy presence in the mushroom kingdom? Just me trying to figure out a reason for such a change in voice
Lol Everything is great except Mario, but just one more thing has disappointed me... Bowser's voice. I thought his voice would be more low and idk grungy like or something close to that ;-; so yeah. idk if they're going to change that too but hey, it's their movie and they'll do what pleases the majority of the audience since not everyone can be pleased and this is what we have to deal with. What comes will come and we just shouldn't throw hate at them when things are set in stone(which I should've done from some fnaf song because I forgot to look at the date of it ;-; ) and move on and watch the things that do make us happy,  but we should try new things still. Just be careful of the things you do and everything will be okay :) I've learned from my mistakes and you will to, but at least try to admit you made a mistake at least... I'm just saying stuff so don't mind me too much.
I just found the cute llama in the back
TBH I'm disappointed in some of MATPAT's commentary here. I feel like there was a lot of negativity toward Chris Pratt's performance which wasn't fully warranted. I know some people have high hopes for this movie, but it really felt like MATPAT was being a bit too extreme with his responses here and tbh it made this video hard to watch. It seems like a decent movie, and its also made for children.
But Chris mentioned Mario Brothers in the arcade when he said Koopa. And he would be right the arcade game with them in the sewers had no goombas that I remember
I actually like Chris Pratt as Mario, the voice acting is really good, and my entire family agrees with me.
if you listen closely you can hear matpats throat gurgle and rumble
Chris Pratt’s character  is gonna get sucked into the Mario game a la Jumanji, he’s gonna sort of recognize the world as a game he kinda knows but will have to play the role of Mario and “beat the game” to get out.  The twist being at the end that  the real Mario will arrive near the end to actually save the day, and there will be some sort of lesson about childhood or something.
Matpat has the kind of laugh where you got caught doing something nobody should see
Came for Mat Pats trailer reaction, realized it was little more than an over edited slide show.  I mean I can see where you are coming from, the trailer run time was a HUGE 2 minutes and 26 seconds, it needed the editing down.  Dodged a bullet there, could have made your 46 minute video slightly longer and couldn't have that.
10:49
Anyone else want to help start a up rise to change things like we changed the Sonic Movie look?
MatPat he should review and talk about the difference between the other trailers with different languages. I'm curious of what he would think of it.
Trailer look alright to me. 🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️👍🏽🎮
Man, I think your being a little hard on him man. Yes the interview was funny but his actual performance is fine man.
"mushroom kingdom, here we come" ash: wounded dog noises
I hate it do a sonic makeover right know I hate this,THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING! THEY'RE KILLING EVERYTHING I LOVE! STOP THIS please...
Matpat predicts EVERYTHING!!!
Chris actually grew up in the era that super Mario would have been popular. It is possible that he did not know whether to say koopas or goombas. And if that's the case it makes sense that he stuttered for a second there.
oh boy
why is everyone freaking out over his voice its not that bad i like like it, mats nitpicking every little thing possible
Where is full reaction??
bro this man talks to much
Mat should have been mario instead XD
why did she compliment your irsa me mario that was mid
any excuse to say "muuuuuusic man!" right
Mario sounds annoyed and reluctant to go to the Mushroom Kingdom. Like, "Well, I guess we're going to the MK. Screw it, whatever."
They gave Mario that kind of Fix-it-Felix look tbh
I’m personally super excited for this movie. The graphics look amazing, I’m glad it’s going to be comical, and I was excited for most of the casting! That said: I will say that I agree that Chris Pratt maybe didn’t meet the fans’ expectations, but to his defense, we only heard like one full line in that trailer. Maybe that was a bum line and his others are actually really good! As far as the design of the characters, I thought they all looked great! I’m not upset they aren’t carbon copies of the games because Illumination obviously has their own artistic value to bring to the animation. I’m hoping the movie turns out great and that the gamers will be kind to all who are involved in bringing Mario to life! They didn’t have to do that in the first place ;3
You should listen to the french version, it sounds like mario
Mario but it's an Isekai!
9:25    he is reading the script LOL
It's weird to hear him say Ash because it's nickname too.  I'm a different Ash.
If they wanted Chris Pratt to do a high voice, they would have told him to!
Please play the baby in yellow! There’s tons of lore in the game.
Mat have you seen the trailer in french? Marios accent is waay better!
matpat did you know im a kid i love your fnaf theorys
They chose to have Mario say "here we come" instead of here we go.
It looks like Mario and Luigi will be on separate journeys with Luigi's journey being closer to creepy Luigi's Mansion themes.
Everybody else: 👍 Me: MATPAT, STOP PAUSING IT, AND JUST PLAY THE FUCKIN' VIDEO
still waiting on happy meat farmmm :D
I think Mario’s new design looks really darn good.
In the dictionary under lag is a picture of Chris Pratt
I've said it before and I'll say it again, that "Mario" voice is Rocket Raccoon.
Just saw the trailer for the movie recently!
The chapter title "koopas (derogatory)" sent me.
Am i the only one who thinks mario sounds like James Corden?
i imagine Chris was one of those who played Mario... Maybe even a lot but in the old days its not like you knew the names of the enemies unless you were a nerd who read the instructions. And hes been in what like 10 productions in the past year... but trying to make himself sound like the little snippets of mario weve gotten over the years was a mistake 100%
"Wow, a giant floating volcano island. Is it rocket powered?"  No It's geothermal ;p
No joke, when I fist heard the "mushroom kingdom here we come" I thought it was someone else. Something about it seemed so off it just sounded foreign to me. After a second watch I realized it was just a poor delivery of that line. I think Chris Pratt will be okay, but man this just makes me want Charles Martinet more. There better be a special cut with Charles Martinet saying the lines. Even the standard jolly little "let's-a-go" attitude would be better I think. Although slightly toned down wouldn't hurt.
Toads are known to “freak out” 😂 often
17:50 is when the trailer begins!
Paper Mario. I’m looking for the quirkiness and personality of Paper Mario in every frame ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Considering all the criticism I'm hearing, we do have to remember Nintendo and Illumination signed off on it right? Do they not have final say?
Someone hasn't seen the super Mario super show
I don't really mind the new approach to Mario. I know hot take, I know.
The Mario movie will be bad
Yeah make fun of Chris Pratt, why? Could it be that he's a Christian and you hate Christians?
40:42 BOWSER'S A CON MAN CONFIRMED???????
what did i miss at chris pratts interview? Did he mispronounce it? I mean i say it the same way edit: ok i got it, but wtf that is so exaggerated lol edit 2: i honestly don't see much difference in Mario from the games. I literally watched a picture of Mario from Mario 64 and for me he looks the same. (besides the realistic hair and fabric pattern of clothing)
People  literally freaking out because  Mario doesn't  sound  like there childhood. Mario is a Italian NY plumber. Remember  the super Mario super show Remember the really bad  live action Mario movie? Ever time he had that accent not his video game voice.
NOT THE GAME THEORY VERSION OF SPY X FAMILY ON THE WALLL! I JUST NOTICED
Why does mario sound like that 😭 Like I understand but its so off putting!
Hey remember theres more than just toad it looks like captain toad
I think Mario looks fine, personally. xD Also, Mario is a plumber, not a construction guy. And as for the voice, I think we would need less Brooklyn and more Italian. Still, its not a game killer for me.  What I find funny is everyone thinks Chris's Mario sounds like Linda from Bob's Burgers. xD
The only true mario voice to me is from the cartoon
the trailer is 2 minutes long.....yet you made it into a 46 minute video
Ngl if he’s right then he just wrote the plot of a movie that will probably make alot
Someone please teach matpat how to watch a trailer...
Mario: Here's mah brother now to tell you a whola heapen pile of informationai  Luigi: Hello Mario.
I was wondering if the Koopa pause was due to localisation, since in Japan Bowser is King Koopa while the Koopas are the entire race not just the Koopa Troopa
Kyle Gass for Mario
I watched the trailer before this video and I am surprised by the reaction to Mario's voice. Is Chris who I expected to play mario? No. Do i hate it? No, I honestly dont mind them taking mario in a different direction with the voice and character as a whole as I always felt like mario was strangely bland as a character throughout the games.  I also feel like marios old voice would have felt really strange in a movie like this. Any way that's just how i feal. Don't get all the outrage and I am excited for the movie to release!
let's give the same energy for 'The Tenacious D' that Mat gave 'stompin koopas'
Just saw the video where it has Linda from Bob's Burgers over lapped and I now only see her as mario
stomping.....koopas!
So I kinda liked the Mario Show Mario Chris Pratt did...
Pls react to the Fnaf news
Super Mario Is A Isekai And Not Using Typical High School Teenagers Like So It Full Grow Adult
Could be a nod to sonic and mario Olympic games by connecting the two
32:20 I'm not sure if you've seen it, but Corridor Crew had Tim Miller (an executive producer for the Sonic movie) on their most recent VFX Artists React, and he confirmed that it wasn't any kind of publicity stunt, just a character modeller trying something and it not working.
I don’t like that you’re calling us “middle-aged”
I like how in the entire thing he just laughs at what the people are saying and doing
matpat is an oracle
To be honest, if I wasn't told Mario was voiced by Chriss Pratt, I wouldn't have figure it out. So it's something. If Chris went through some mroe vocal coaching and tried out some different voices, I think we can get a passable Mario. I'd still question why they didn't get the original voice actor for Mario to be the voice actor for Mario since he is in the movie, but I digress.
Those short lines didn't give Chris Pratt and any justice .
Are you gonna play bonelab?
mario falls into a vat of itialians by the end of the movie and then he's voiced by charles martinet
I'm still upset that they just missed the opportunity for the "mushroom kingdom, here we go!"
is that picture in the back Game x Theory a reference? Don't wanna call what I think it is... (Spy Family?)
I love the design for mario
"hoho oh ohhh hhhh noooo....oh oh noooo...noooo" mood
Have to say, I’m not a fan of your nitpicking of Chris Pratt pausing before saying Koopas. Like really? That’s what your concerned about? It seems a rather candid interview and people are human. Goodnes, what a trivial thing to be upset about of all things.  Makes you guys look like uppity jerks frankly.
I'm sure millions will still watch it no matter whose voice is Mario
Im so glad the brazillian voice over is impeccable XD
I too want Dwayne as thwomp and Jack looks like santa with that beard and hair XD I guess he's gonna be one of those guys that cosplay as santa when chrismas comes around and I bet he's growing his hair/beard just for that lol I mean look at him! He looks so cheery and jolly already!
Look I think there needs to be a big Bowser musical number at the end and that's how Mario sneaks around him and drops the bridge or floor.  Like Give me at least that, but a musical Im on board for as a whole.
It’s weird after seeing ur theory that I can’t tell if I would have been suprised or not to see Mario for from irl to mushroom kingdom…
I love Chris Pratt. Also, I'm sure he played a lot of Mario as a kid, just had a brain fart moment. He looked very stoned.
The D is Tenacious, and The D is a D, so inDeeD The D is The Tenacious D.
Dude the difference between jack and Chris’s videos is amazing
I saw the trailer and it was really awesome! I’m really excited for it  All the characters look amazing !  Mario look pretty interesting in a good way  they could’ve done a lot worse with him like what happened with sonic at first  so I’m glad that didn’t happen   the only thing that makes me a little worried…… is his voice I mean it’s fine but it doesn’t really sound…. Right
Mat............ Are you immortal????? Are you you a real theorist GOD?????????? Let me know
When you said Mario day I got confused I thought it was March 10th for a split second. (Mar10=Mario)
I don’t think I have seen a single trailer breakdown mention that Bowser’s island/castle/ship looks almost exactly like the World 8 map from NSMBW
Can't wait to watch the movie
Please can you watch first then pause every 2 seconds on your second watch
I think Kris needs to turn his WiFi off then on again.
13:17 i think that guy is in jumanji am i wrong because both sound and look are the same
This dude seriously made a 45+ video about a 2 minute trailer?
You haven’t seen the movie yet
Instead of saying, “Mushroom kingdom, here we come.” He should of said, “Mushroom kingdom, here we go.”
I thought that mario's voice was fine :P
Brroooo u should do doors lore plsss
To be fair to Mr. Pratt, you did fight koopas in the original Mario Bros. You didn't stomp them, though. Maybe that's why he paused, maybe he was like: "wait no, you don't stomp them. But I have to keep going with my thoughts."
"he's a construction worker" well, it's good to confirm MatPat has no idea what he's talking about.
I really dont see the problem with chris pratt being mario, y'all just judgemental
Anyone can just talk to the producer's cast, Nintendo creator.if they have access of transportation. An tell em to edited or ask the voice of mario to do a little Italian accent. This is simple
WHERE IS THE DHMIS VIDEO THE NEW SEASON IS UP IT HAS BEEN UP FOR WEEKS CMON MAKE IT THE NEXT THEORY I HAVE BEEN ASKING SINCEONE WEEK AFTER IT CAME OUT SO YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO WATCH IT
I can't believe that Bowser was actually Po all along
I hate the fact that instead of using Charles Martinet THE voice of Mario, instead they chose Chris Prat (the worst Chris) out of anyone else it's a huge disservice to Charles and to the fans themselves Just to try and pull mainstream attention  Guess after all these years Sega does what Nintendon't :c
We are all so proud of you matpat! The first time a theory ACTUALLY confirmed
Nintendo not knowing wat to do? Matpat is here! Makes a theory Nintendo uses the conclusion as the new movie
I know where they're going with the "Here We Come!" line of Chris Pratt's Mario. Mario will evolve more into the Mario we know as he travels throughout the movie. The trademark "Here We Go!" will be used as a PUNCHLINE at a key part of the movie. He will get it wrong consistently until he gets to the climax of the movie. The Mushroom Kingdom will change him.
I would say just get the original voice actor for Mario, but just make it more New York style. But still have a little to slightly high pitch voice. That’s what I’m thinking 🤔
Luigi is finaly da number 1
Could be that Pratt is supposed to act sad, only to find happiness from this adventure
31:13 Thing is, Matt....as someone who was a fan of the fan film Mario Warfare, I'm used to Mario not sounding Italian
You need to talk about theft king
I’m nervous for Mario
It sucks they could have almost pick someone off the street and they would have more experience with Mario and they could be good
I think it was great
This feels like the super Mario bros super show with the characters and the way he enters there has to be a lot pulled from that to this
every thing is perfect but mario is the only thing thats ....
Was the super Mario bros show canon? If so he might have a real personality.
This video is cut in all the wrong places all the wrong places Matt goes off about the penguins for about 13 minutes and continue it after the cut And nobody has any idea what hes talking about
Normies have nothing to say about awful Marvel phase 4 and how it destroys many beloved Marvel Characters, but Mario's voice isn't quite right? Really? It looks fine to me.
CHRIS PAT JURASSIC WORLD IN MARIO COMFIMERD THAT WHY THER DINOS IN MARIO GAMES
my theory is that mario becomes italian later on in the movie
i dont want one, i have both new gen consoles   :L but thx!!!
When you paused it on miyamoto pressing the start button the look on his face would be perfect for a ‘we need you for Nintendo!’ Poster
for those who say "mario's original voice actor would be annoying overtime"  me: look at the mario teaches typing mario head intros and tell me if that is ok or not for a movie XD
When MatPat just burst into laughter I just started laughing as well 😆
are you talking to me?
Steph MatPat's wife NEEDS to start her own theory YouTube channel
Guys you can't just jumpscare people with horrific background imagery like this!
Mario has been Isekai!
The beginning of Mario's part where he doesn't know where he is it looks like it is the continuation of the fan made movie Mario Warfare- The complete saga
plot twist that wasn't marios actual final voice from chris because there's no audio when Mario screams🤔🤔
Wow number 31 on trending good job
Just freaking destroyed Chris Pratt, I didn't think it was THAT bad
best couple in the world!!!!
Let's go!
M:WHY DIDN'T HE SAY GOOMBAS INSTEAD OF KOOPAS, THAT'S WEIRD! C:"I remember playing Mario Bros. *in the arcades* ..."
Maybe in thet chris Pratt is real world and he turns into mario when he travels to the mushroom kingdom.
I find it funny how he stops the trailer every 3-4 seconds
Matpat, i dont know if you mentioned this, because im still watching the video, but it sounds like the Brooklyn Mario from that one Mario show
Bro it’s a video game character how is the name derogatory
12:20 ANNOUNCE DWAYNE THE ROCK JOHNSON AS THWOMP. Amazing comment and imagine that when he touches an enemy he turns short like in the video games and freaks out like in the lego ninjago movie when Lloyd loses his arm like a real mini figure could. Also I accept the ps5
21:39 Father when can I leave to be on my own, I've got the whole world to see.
I’m upset and confused that there was a comment that said “what is kiss” why
its American Mario
I watched this entire video to the half way point just talking to myself like "Matt give it a once through, just, watch the whole thing in one go. Just one time, just give a once through Matt. Matt watch the whole thing without pausing and then go back. Please Mr. Patrick just watch the whole thing all the way through once please Matt."
Dhims theory when? Or are you just going to pretend it doesn't exist
I sPeNt HoUrS oF mY lIfE sToMpInG... KoOpAs
I like movie Karen Murphy
Mario's design doesn't even look that bad bro. The only thing that's wrong with it, is that Chris Pratt possessed Mario and speaks out of his body.
Im pretty sure there just were not goombas in the original Mario arcade game lol
Me who legit is just excited that they’re making a Mario movie and personally I don’t care if the voice acting for Mario is on point at all, I just am excited to see something from my childhood come to life in a movie.
Hey matpat, I know you most likely won't see this, but I recommend you watch "Midwest Angelica." It's a really good analog horror series, and it's very underrated. I recommend you check it out
You should make a molecar theory, show is too disturbing to not have a dark secret.
Right after toad yelled at Mario to not touch a mushroom I got an anti-vaping ad and I think that has changed my life forever  Edit: after Luigi runs into the castle I got an ad about Halloween events a Six Flags and it fits oddly well
I don't think you should make such a big deal about Chris Pratt pausing for three seconds most people subconsciously try to pick apart christians anyway they can I'm not saying Mat is doing it on purpose but I'm just saying
You’re wrong may this is going to be the movie that redefines the generation!
I know no one will agree with me because of the terrible memory he left in the original movie but I think John Leguizamo would have made an awesome choice to voice Mario.   He's got that NY accent down perfectly he's got a bit of a higher pitched voice that's closer to Charles Martinet and the energy we need from the character.  He's also got a lot of voiceover experience.
How did I find this channel out like right now
imagine all the debt Mario still has in NYC
i don’t understand why everyone is bashing chris pratt for voicing mario. i think it sounds fine.
28:50 obviously Matt didn’t watch the Mario movies growing up
its really not that bad.. considering the fact he came from elsewhere he didnt start in the mushroom kingdom so..
The guy voicing bowser sure looks a lot like JablinskiGames
I do think it’s very possible that they’re testing the waters with his voice and then they’re gonna make some changes. They have until April, so they could very well edit the voice or do some ADR. There are plenty of examples of movies doing things in a reveal trailer that people don’t like, and then in other trailers we see that it’s much better than initially expected
I mostly saw Chris's pause at the beginning as a brain fart cause when he paused I also briefly forgot what the crap you fight in mario
If they wanted to get stars for the VA in this, should have gotten Danny DeVito to do a higher pitched version of his normal voice for Toad, that'd have been perfect.
32:48 does mattpatt have gas, or what happened here??
we see no gumbas in the move trailer so mabey they arent there at all
I would be surprised if it doesn’t end with a badass bridge battle
Bro this is worse than the really old movie in like 1992 And I am talking about that old Mario movie
Mario looks like they got the guys who made Wallace from Wallace and Gromit to design him, and what's with the accent for Mario? Chris just kind of phoned this one in, no trace of any of Mario's accent(s), even if he was going to go for the hokey Brooklyn accent that has been done before it's not there.
I was so psyched watching the trailer the first time. I loved it and then Mario appears and Chris Pratt speaks and my entire demeanor changed. From "Oh wow, this looks great!" to "Oh. Oh no." I don't like Chris Pratt as an actor to begin with, but he was okay in the Lego movie so I at least hoped his voice would be decent but it's just awful. I guess Chris was right though, it is unlike anything I've heard in the Mario world. It would have been nice to have kept with that trend.
The voice of Mario is awful….
Gotta be honest, as bad as some of the voicework is, it definitely feels like a callback to the Super Show / Cartoon.
Hey matpat there's a really cool roblox game that has lore too it's called "There's no simulator"
Stomping……………………………………………………………. koopas
Mario is originally from Brooklyn, and is NOT Italian with that classic accent we're used to hearing. So obviously it's not ganna sound right to us since we really havnt heard it before. People are just stuck in this need for similarity from the games and bashing Pratt for this role. No video game movie adamption will be exactly the way we want it. I'm tired of people constantly saying he doesn't sound like mario, like no duh, that's clearly not the story line they are goin for here. The American/Brooklyn accent fits, maybe not perfectly, however I feel we need to hear more to fully make an opinion. I actually liked the voice and the more i hear it, the better it sounds. Just my thoughts.
MAT ACTUALLY GOT THE PLOT OF THE FILM ALMOST 100% SPOT ON THATS INSANE!!!!
Corridor Crew just had a producer for the sonic movie on their react video. They were not planning on changing sonic, but they did and it was a lot of work
Matpats mario movie is better than the actual thing NO CAP
This is one of the saddest videos I've ever seen. Wow, you really need to grow up guys.
Mario warfare had a similar concept for its conclusion were matio goes into the mushroom kingdom video game at the end when they realize bowser isn't dead. I wouldn't definitely recommend a check on that series it's live action and the mario sounds way better than Chris.
It would have been way more interesting to have yet another silent Mario whose emotions and reactions we have to use to interpret how he feels throughout the movie. Something Paper Mario esque where the only contributions he can make to a conversation are head nods.
can we talk about matt's FIRE haircut for a second? like holyyy 🥶
From a unique channel to a” trending one”…. Do a theory on that…
Bowsers fire breath was stolen from godzilla
The animations are great but Mario’s voice acting sorry Chris it’s really bad
get a life~
I can tell the attempted Brooklyn Italian accent but until the full movie I can't judge yet......yet
Mario looks like Fix it Felix from Wreck it Ralph
Mat please tell me we are have a tgisgf episode with Steph at least for Halloween.
This man is trying so hard to hate on Pratt it's kinda pathetic lol
The thumbnail looks like every 2012 YouTuber "call your mom at 5:00am" gone wrong
I hope that Mario can throw his hat like he does with cappy
If Chris just added more passion and emotion in the voice it would have been better... Guess im gonna learn french cause french mario sounds way better👀 also i feel like it makes sense that toad is a comedic character and i mean there are loads of them so there's gonna be a funny one somewhere😂 Love bowser tho😌😍
To be fair, their were only koopas and like, crabs? I think in the arcade original he said he played. Plus the release was back in like, 83. I'll cut him a little slack on thinking for a second.
BOWSER IS MUSIC MAN CONFIRMED.
I'm pretty sure the reason Chris didn't say "Goombas" is because goomba is a legitimate Italian slur.
did anyone notice that I looked up the imdb page that he was the director of Teen Titans Go To The Movies and Mad Cartoon Network series?
Matt, all your youtube notifications give me anxiety. Please do something about that
This man just took a 3 min video and changered to a 40 minute long video
Toad hard carries
I love the game x theory poster in the back!!
Jack might have a sore back by April for carrying the entire movie
I think the Mario design looks a bit different because it’s Mario being turned into an illumination design which have a certain look
While I recognize that I'm biased because I am personally not a fan of Chris Pratt, but I think they picked him because he is a 'safe' choice and not necessarily because he was the best choice. From the trailer, it's obvious that the side characters look fantastic and their actors are killing it, I just hope that the film doesn't suffer from having a weak main character
Isn’t Mario supposed to be Italian??? Wtf? Did I miss something orrrrrrrr
Mario looked like how I thought he would
The thing next to you matpat is kinda sus 🤨
The more I listen to Chris Pratt Mario, the more I actually enjoy it
Linda Belcher
FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING GOOD, JUST WATCH THE TRAILER, you don’t have to comment on LITERALLY every 2 seconds of footage.  Watch the trailer, then go back and point things out.
i like how dawko is the only one who accept the Chris Pratt Mario voice meanwhile the other just like "no"
The voice actors from other countries are nailing the characters
It's probably because english is not my first language, but as an italian I actually liked this approach a lot more than earing Mario as it was in the videogames... it sure would be great if Chris put a lot more enthusiasm as Jack did(his Bowser sold the movie for me, it's AMAZING), but really having Mario doing the usual parodic high pitch voice with the comedic italian accent during ALL the movie would have made it annoying for me... with this tone I can totally enjoy it in english too other than in italian(in which there will surely be changes in jokes and some lines to adapt to our audience)
Hear me out... Mario bros:the rise of luigi
Holy moly does MatPat look incredibly cute in this vid. Love the haircut, so handsome 😍
FR S
I'm gonna cry if someday Nintendo would announce a Legend of Zelda movie.
SUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                         !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!       !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!      !!!!!!! !!!!!!!                               !!!!!!! !!!!!!!          !!!!!!!!!!          !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I really don't mind Mario's voice. Sure, it isn't the classic over the top Italian accent but I'm not sure I'd want that for an entire movie. Plus, I do have some nostalgia for the Mario cartoons so the fact that they are going for more of a Brooklyn accent is kinda neat to me.
Sooo why April 7 release date missed opportunity for Mar 10 you know mario day
The Penguins having their own Palace/Kingdom is making me hope that they're taking a lot of inspiration from Paper Mario and Mario Odyssey when it comes to the overall world. We've seen references to souvenirs you can buy in Odyssey in the teaser itself, so I wouldn't be surprised if they slot in some Paper Mario inspired locations in the places we didn't get to visit during Odyssey.   Also, this is thinking way in advance, but I'm hoping that we get a sequel based on the Mario Land games. You know we've gotta see Daisy and Wario up on the big screen.
Everyone else: Talking about Chris Pratt's little phone interview or how his voice is "bad"  Me: just enjoying getting what actually seems like a good Mario movie and not judging off of a couple lines of dialogue
They could have gone with a mute character .. like give the main character the fewest lines
The thing I think is considering mario dosint react any weird to toad there doing the mario origon which has canonicaly with and as been born in the mushroom kingdom raised by yoshi and he became a plumber when the yoshis got them to their family
The good thing about Metroid and Zelda is that if they make the main character bad they already have in the title the name of it being about a different character
16:58, nice
Isn't Mario officially like 27?
Rip Prattpat He died from disappointment
Matpat also react to AI powered Fan-edits where they put the original mario voice in the trailer.  TRUST ME it sounds a billion times better than -Chris Prat-
i think it would be amazing for you to play subnautica.
Now watch the French version of the teaser and see how the Mario's French voice actor nails the part.
Miya moto became the one and only Nintendo ET. 15:31
Even my little brother that originally was excited to watch the movie was like "Bruh... why is he's not italian?" Or "why is his voice weird?" LMAO. Poor Chris Pratt. Jack Black though, even before the trailer, I knew that he was going to be on point.
Hearing Chris Pratt saying "stomping koopas" is probably one of the most painful things ever.
Ohhhh my god bro shut up with the talking
Actually, Mat, Mario is apparently 25 years old... Which I also do not believe, but the canon apparently said it somewhere. I remember googling it
I haven't really gone into what movies I heard Chris Pratt in, so IDK if this is giving him too much credit. But if you say this is at the start and he sounds very Brooklyn/New York-ish which is where you predict he will be coming from. Maybe he will lose his accent through the movie and become more Italian during it all...  It sounds way less believable now I type it out but still... MAYBE???
Kinda overreacting to Chris’ koopa moment. Doesn’t necessarily mean he was “buffering” to remember, it could have also been a dramatic pause, just as he does seconds later when he mentions where he used to play the game as a kid
BOI STOP TALKING SO MUCH JUST WATCH THE VIDEO AND STHAP SKIPPING THE VIDEO AND JUST DO WAT YOUR GOING TO DO AFTER YOU WATCH THE VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Richard Kind would've made a great Mario
no hate, but bro couldnt watch the video through one time without pausing 20 thousand times ._.
The reason why Mario's voice is like that must have dated back to the "Super Mario Show", where he had a Brooklyn accent instead of the Italian accent that Charles Martinet did in the games.
46:30 Trailer Reaction
I think the floating castle is from 3D World
I'm so glad the very first thing you noticed and knew was bad, was the first sentence of Chris' interview. Maybe I was in the wrong part of Youtube but I haven't seen many people discussing how fake he was pretending to know Mario like he's played it all his life and we all know he hasn't from this interview alone.
The mushroom kingdom remind me of those real or cake tiktoks
The moment I saw Mario coming out of the pipe and talking, I immediately thought of Mat's theory.
*S U P E R L U I G I B R O S M O V I E*
Stop posing
Matt is so drama over something that looks awesome
SCHOOL SHOOTING IN JAPAN TOKYO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ASH ❤
Honestly the movie sounds incredible besides Chris Pratt’s part
hi love u this
Bro matpat should replace Chris personally 😂
is no one gonna point out he mispelled old "oild" XD
Miyamoto is funny number
I really like the animation of the trailer, like I think the animators did a really good jod!
The reason he said koopas was because in the original Mario Bros game Koopas were the only enemy
Hmmm...I personally believe that Nintendo were leaning towards a softer version of the Mario from the "Super Mario Show" with the gruff Brooklyn accent. Its like the animated show mixed with Charles Martinet. For me, Chris Pratt is "ok" but with a character like Mario and a company like Nintendo, OK is just not what everyone was hoping for. I imagine Nintendo is just playing it safe for now though and seeing how the audience reacts.
wasn't mario italian?
Matpat sounds like more of MICKEYMOUSE than MARIO when he says here we go!!!
Soapbox moment here, just gonna be honest. Right?   I think you might have waxed a little too pessimistic on the movie. Talking specifically about Mario here, is he the weakest part of the movie? Maybe? Sure. Even if he is, his delivery was fine, especially if we're supposed to believe that he's a New Yorker, it was fine. Is it a meme that Chris Pratt worked months on a voice for Mario that turned out to be Chris Pratt voicing Chris Pratt in a Mario movie? Yes and that meme will live in my memory until the day that I die-- but nothing about it turned me off to this movie in any way, not like the Sonic movie trailer did, and that's point number two here:  I think, comparing Mario to Sonic in the original Sonic movie trailer is an insult to Nintendo, regardless of how they felt about Pratt's performance, I think it's an insult to the movie and I think it's an insult to Chris Pratt.   End of soapbox.
matt should look into the original live action mario movie it was scary af and would be a very fun video
Chris Pratt's voice on Mario... ehh not so great, character model for Mario looks great tbh, it does seem to borrow the looks from Sonic movie so I get why it might seem a bit weird to most people. But the stylization they chose for Mario works for his character than his traditional cartoony look, because I think if they went with Mario's traditional cartoony look they might of had a harder time doing things like facial expressions, because they have to use mocap for voice so the face matches what's being said by the person doing the lines, but everything else like facial expressions and emotions being hand edited. The way the lines delivered by Chris in that trailer, seeing as it's only just that one line of Mario throughout that entire trailer, could of been better like you said. the delivery and tone of the line is so flat.  Shortly after the trailer dropped, Chris Pratt made a statement of how _"This is unlike any voice you've ever heard of before."_ ...hmm yeah can already tell xD
My thing is Chris Pratt CAN DO GREAT in a voiceover role. I thought he was great as Emmet from The Lego Movie but these clips just don’t have the same enthusiasm here as he did in that movie. I do hope he really commits to the part and really have the same enthusiasm as he did back then. I feel everything one does one should do with all their effort, so I hope he does the same here.  P.s. Mario looks like Fix-it Felix’s Dad and I kinda am down with it. XD
Matpat, You Know what. You Made My Day. I Am Also Hyped For The Mario Movie.
if you want to hear some better Mario acting, there's a video showing clips of Bowser and Mario from the trailer voiced in various languages, and save for english Mario(as you've seen) everyone is hitting it out of the park(on Tumblr jokes were made that they could just keep the movie as is but for no apparent reason Mario speaks french with subtitles)
Seeing this I was like “Matpat really did it”
yes we love chris pratt but i hate that he is mario
The original arcade game only had koopas.
If you love lore so much, and are now fine with roblox, try any of archeximus’ games. You are gonna have a field day.  Second thought, don’t, we do not need another fnaf series.
21:45 hearing the singular line broke Matpats psyche more than any FNAF theory. He short circuited so hard that his insanity companion (ASH) briefly morphed into a kicked puppy.
KIRKLAND BRAND MARIO 💀💀💀
I truly wish they world recast for the Mario and Toad voices. We need more of that rasp. Get Arin Hanson. He’s got that voice down. Mario is just… anyone can do better… I mean come on
The only thing I wish he did more was watch the full trailer first than rewarch it and pause it talking about it lol this was my first time watching the trailer
I genuinely don’t have any problem with Mario’s voice. Like, I don’t understand all the fuss, or MatPat’s *massive* reaction to it. Seems like a lot of anger or disappointment over absolutely nothing. Same with Mario’s design—it’s fine, yet people act like he’s somehow unrecognizable. But the internet’s going to do it’s thing, I guess.
Mat is soo annoying
I feel like Chris was being satirical because he goes "stomping koopas at the original Mario arcade at the laundromat" but original Mario was  donkey Kong, and no koopas were involved sooooo idk... also, laundromat arcade?
GREEDGLE
What if the whole one man Bowser show is a teaser to Bowser getting his own movie in the near future? You know how awesome that would be?!
What sux is we will get Chris Pratt as Mario then he will be redubbed in Japan with a Japanese voice actor with a proper Mario voice.
I may be an outlier but I like how Mario looks. But yeah I think Pratt needs to step up the voice
Well, at least in my country (Brazil) Chris Pratt's dub voice also makes a great Mario with italian accent, so i feel sorry for you guys, not gonna watch the original by here 😆😆😆 At this point Chris Pratt's dubs makes a better Chris Pratt than Chris Pratt (tho i love Chris pratt btw, but i just realized i've never heard his real voice)
How did we not see any goombas or piranha plants in this trailer??? Yea hey are so iconic
Bro has 1156 notifications
Minecraft movie when?
Bowser was the main Character since after Mario Sunshine. They gave him some REAL character, he got a game, and put that money toward his hair budget. Now he has a Movie.
Come to think of it, Chris Pratt's voice for Mario kind of reminds me of Mario from the Super Mario World Cartoon, just less scruffy and deep
Petition to bring Steph back for an episode of GTLive soon
I really liked the Sonic movies, sonic 2 was really good, I think I prefer it over sonic 1
Is it just me? Or does Mario give fix-it Felix vibes
I will forgive a bad performance from Chris Pratt if at some point Mario performs a backwards long jump to build up speed to travel to a parallel dimension. and a scuttlebug is there.
Worse than sonic movie. It's very sad.  Sonic was good
69-5 =63 simple mathz
I THINK I KNOW WHY THEY CASTED CHRIS PRATT AS MARIO!!! I was looking back at old Mario media, and I was reminded about this old Mario series called The Super Mario Brothers Super Show, and what I think Nintendo was trying to do was cast someone who had a similar enough voice to the voice actor who played Mario in that show because when you hear Mario’s voice from The Super Mario Brothers Super Show, to me, the voice sounds eerily similar to something Chris Pratt could pull off (but unsuccessfully did for this trailer).
Acktually in the OG Mario Bros. arcade game there were no goombas only koopa troopas so.... I guess you two are confusing the arcade game Mario Bros. with the NES classic Super Mario Bros. which does feature many goobas to stomp. I still hope your right about the musical I want King Koopa/Bowser to rock the F out! and I hope it's good enough to jam to unironically without watching the movie.
Jack Black has actually confirmed that bowser sings in the movie! Score for matpats musical theory even if it isn’t anything more than just a villain song.
This might just be me, but looking at mario in this, I feel like he was given the fix-it-felix treatment, just chubby, idk why but that's the first thing I thought
Yo, your steam has a something to tell you
you react to mario and not yet dont hug me im scared
Matpat Can you please play bonelab
Why did they give the king penguin such a bad ass voice tho
💸💸💸💸💸🔱🎦💠✨☢🌦🧹👼❄✨✨🔵✨💸💸💸💸💸      *God demonstrated His love to us by sending His Son Jesus Christ, who died and rose from the dead to Give us eternal life.* *He also promised to heal your body.* *If you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead* *He'll give you eternal life* *(Look up at the sky and ask God)*
Chris definitely took a page out of the Super Mario cartoon for 1989.
I think it would be cool if they just made Bowser the star
The animation style reminds me very much of Wreck it Ralph
You should continue Omori!
But like. What if. They said "Syke"
I think that they were going for a New York accent but they shoulda kept the design the same as the games
matpat should make a game called LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORE
Hehe
Floombas
A smell correction is that Mario isn't middle aged or an older man and is only in his mid-twenties.  This is based on Miyamoto stating that Mario was 24-25 during a 2005 interview and Super Smash Bros. Melee claims he is 26yr old.
The internet is flamming Pratt's ass up, even MatPat is in on it. You know you've possibly misunderstood the assignment when MatPat is on your case.😅👀😂
As much as I love OG Mario, something about the less fierce accent actually fits the more serious tone of the trailer/potentially movie, bit better in this case. It's nowhere near as grinding as listening to Mario's regular voice for an hour and a half at least. I'm sure I'll have the unpopular opinion here, but I don't mind it. Even the animation of Mario, I like that it doesn't match the original design, because it's pretty obvious Mario DOESN'T belong there. It's supposed to be different to convey that pseudo-fact.
The toad voice reminds me of toad from the cartoon a lot.
Is it bad that ive played every mario game since i was a kid and i just call them turtles lol. I love the franchise to.
Why were chunks of Matts reaction to the trailer cut out?? Bowsers first lines and the penguin fight.
FINALLY,  a Youtuber that says that Chris Pratt is doing a horrible job at the voice!  all the reactions of other Youtubers just dont say anything about it like... damn! I wouldve thought someone other than Mat would say the voice sucks by now but NO, MAt is the first Youtuber to say the voice is terrible.
KOOPAS
Even though I don't care for his "movie plot predictions" Film Theories, especially when there's little to no supporting media, I do think it'd be fitting if the one time he gets it right is for a Mario movie.
I know I'm commenting off topic, but it's nagging my head now.  The Molecule that's up on the wall with the googly eyes in it, that's a Nucleic Acid, right? Like 1 of the 4 for DNA or the 5th that's RNA exclusive?  It's just bugging in my brain that I couldn't identifying it with certainty.
Mat, my guy, please for the love of God, look into the lore of Super Mario Bros Z.
I think this is going to be Chris's voice in the end, unless they do go back and fix his lines. And I doubt that this is an old teaser that they never corrected or whatever because Chris there are clips of him stating that we will see his mario voice in this trailer
Muuuuuuuuuuuuuusssssssiiiiiicccccc man
Jack Black has a YouTube channel
k o o p a s
spelled old as oild
Ooooh yesss, we're gonna see that goomba in the first couple scenes of the SMB movie
Honestly, having Bowser make an entire kingdom fly to seem more intimidating is entirely within his character 😂
Big old DS clickbait thumbnail Bye bye, added to don't recommend.
HOW MANY TIMES ARE YOU GOING TO PAUSEEEEEE. PLEASE FOR MY SANITY STOPPPP
Why are your videos so long?
I had such faith that Chris Pratt would be able to pull this off, and so far he left a very sour taste in my mouth
The problem with Mario is that he looks like Fixit Felix
There's a chance they re record some of Mario's lines. Miyamoto said that they still need to finish the soundtrack, the special effects, and to polish the movie.
Dude is it me or does he look much older it’s crazy
Oh wait. Bowser wouldn't have Goombas before conquering the Mushroom Kingdom
So now it’s FACT not a theory
Better, much better than sonic I vote.
Ima be honest, for the longest time I didn't know the "turtles and evil muffins" had names. XD
Are used to spend hours of my life stomping trd things
If he'd just said "turtles" instead of "..........koopas" then we probably wouldn't even be talking about it
Remember when Spiderman was first introduced in the Civil war trailer? The only line of dialog was a unenthusiastic " Hey everyone"...... which sounded very off. Now look at Tom hollands spiderman! I think this might be the same case here.
to be fair, Chris is talking about the Mario arcade game, which only featured the turtles (Koopas)  ~<3
It’s because in the old movies Mario had a Brooklyn accent so they had Chris Pratt do a “Brooklyn accent”😬
8:01 KOOPAS
12:56 plot twist: He sings the song introducing mario to how castle works. before attempting to thwomp him
Welcome to mat stretches 2 minutes and 45 seconds into 45 minutes
Did anyone else notice Charles Martinet listed at the end? He's also listed on IMDB with no character attached. I think they're pulling a Sonic
The way he said koopa like a slur...
I think with the Mario voice, I'm not... against it? But it's not what's preferred XD not anywhere near 'preferred' but in some aspects, Chris Pratt's sort of 'Emmet' voice kinda works on Mario... or atleast this off-brand Mario Design XD
Based off just that one line.   The French Mario dub I think sounds way better.    I'm still willing to give Chris a chance.  Cause we dunno how it will sound in the final product.  But right now I'm wishing we could just have French Mario as back up.   Just in case.   We can say Mario sounds French to everyone in Mushroom Kingdom.  And they understand him cause why not.   And he understands their English.  Cause Mario has protagonist hearing.  He understands everything automatically.
This movie is gonna be good and mat pat I like the among us in the bottom right corner of the screen Edit mario looks like fix it Felix from reck it Ralph
723 why does no one have it ,,,,,,,
ngl, I would prefer the voice actor for the super Mario brothers super tv show then chris pratt
Charles Martinet is credited on the IMD page, but it doesn't say who he's voicing.
Congrats on trending
sorry mat but i dont think marios voice is bad not what i would expect but not bad
Chris Pratt Mario be looking like Dr. Phil
Funniest thing I've seen online about Mario's voice is that he sounds like Linda from Bob's Burgers. XD
I wouldn't be surprised if Chris Pratt was doing it for the memes 😂
so this aint really like a live reaction since like they are skipping in between moments of the trailer.
It’s about time we get a Mario movie since we got a sonic movie now.
I love everything in the trailer except Mario’s voice, maybe needs a tad more effort, and I was not impressed with Chris’s interview
Talks too much. Still like the content though
I'm betting it right now. Jack Black as Bowser and Charlie Day as Luigi will be the best part of the movie
16:58 nice
It is jarring how spot on Matpat is with, "Kirkland brand Mario"
i think that they made mario different to make him more expressive
to chris's credit, koopas were the main enemies in the original mario bros arcade vs. game
The reason why Mario isn't Italian, is beause film Mario is from Brooklyn. So the theory is that Chris Pratt is doing a Brooklyn accent because of that.
I wanted to ask if u guys can do Us are Toys from roblox I think there’s lore in it
You are soooo nitpicky and judgey, I’m surprised your marriage has lasted as long as it has
I'm hopeful for DK as he is supposed to be in it too
Matpat's Thwomp was really good!
Crisp Rat turning Koopa into a slur is a little too meta 😂
I feel like MatPat has been to harsh on this trailer compared to other people I've seen react. First it Mat talking about Chris Pratt pausing before saying "Koopa" (which, i mean, makes sense given they were called Shell Creepers in the 1983 game, and Chris may not of played many other Mario games then that). Then the dunking on Chris's voice. Ik there's been memes but com'on Matt. You literally did a theory that Mario wouldn't be from the same world as The Mushroom Kingdom, and ik you didn't expect an Italian accent. You even mentioned the vid in discussing the Brooklyn accident. And then the animation. Bro, yeah, Mario does have an ionic look that works in 3d, and it has been shown in the games, but this isn't Nintendo. This is Illumination. And you can't say it's because the animaters are to scared to lean into the cartoony nature because this is from the same people that birthed the minions. I can't say why they would decide not to go more cartoony with Mario, but it's definitely not for that reason. And "a pool for Toad", really? What do you mean by that bc you say he doesn't have a bad voice.. so what's the pool exactly?  Idk Mat says he doesn't wanna jump on the hate bandwagon but this video shows different. Maybe it's just for the content and Mat doesn't actually feel that strong about it? Or maybe MY reaction, along with everyone else's I've seen was over positive and mat's the most realistic.. idk it just feels like Mats giving a very.. twitter like reaction to this trailer.
This is going to be the super Louisiana movie
Do I want to hear 2 hours of the video games voice 🤔I prefer Chris Pratt for the movie
I will never understand why people want mario to sound like an italian stereotype, also why would you not expect toad to have that personality...you need to play the paper mario games or some of the other mario games that feature multiple toads mat...lots of toads and they all have various personalities...and you say that you don't want to just hate to hate, yet you poopood the penguin choice when so many people love em for various reasons. you do seem to be overly critical for some reason.
I like Mario's design, it's just the voice... it just doesn't feel like Mario. It feels like Chris Pratt. I mean, all Luigi does in the trailer is scream and even he sounds better than Mario. And if you listen to the French and Brazilian dubs of the trailer, Mario's voice is SO much better, so it's not like a good Mario-esque voice toned down for a movie can't be done. Casting Chris was a cash grab, he was not chosen for his talent. I'm super excited for the movie but I'm not gonna lie, I high key want Bowser to be the hero
For some reason, and I can't shake it no matter how much I try, I think Bowser is gonna end up singing a heavy metal "Kiss from a Rose" to an imprisoned Peach. Calling it now.
This better not be a musical
With everyone defending Chris pratts pause and whatnot, everyone is forgetting that he could have done a better TAKE or that he is an ACTOR. what we see is rarely the first take of anything and he just phoned it in…
oh my god can you shutup for 5 seconds and watch the trailer
I think Luigi will fall into a warp pipe, leading him to the mushroom kingdom and Mario will go in after him
Well just to share my opinion on the Mario voice.   I am also strongly beliving, that your theory pretty much was spot on, so if we just take into consideration, that Mario is tired out or feeling not fullfilled with his job or whatever is making him feeling bad and then out of a sudden being pretty much isekaid, from a realistic point of view, wouldn't anyone just feel off and uncertain.   So my guess would be, that we maybe get to see a personal growth from Mario to a point where he later would be more like we know him with a more enthusiastic voice and lines like "Here we goooo" rather than the (in my opinion rather disbelief feeling voice like "oh what's going on now, what will come next") "Mushroom Kingdom... here we come".  To further add to my more or less theory, (something another user commented more or less) the voice acting has most likely been approved by the directors and voice actors etc. and I do not think, that in a movie, where miyamoto is putting effort in and where so much money is involved and the fact, that this movie would be the first new attempt for a movie after the miserable fail, the first movie was, that there is not some kind of reason, why his voice is the way it is.  So my guess stands, that there will be some kind of personal growth of mario. But it could also really well be some kind of trial and error or that it could be further edited or whatever. Just wanted to let you guys take part in my wothless thoughts or whatever.  (Still tho Chris Pratt shouldn't be the voiceactor anyway)
Mario did an amazing job voicing Chris Pratt. 10/10 nearly spot on.
Does anyone else get an Angry Birds movie vibe from the trailer?
They on god should just have the guy who voices Mario in the games voice him in the video he could do the Brooklyn accent 😩
If you hear how he also emphasised saying Bowser I think Chris was just trying to think of a way to be funny and just couldn't.
I'm not full italian but LOOK man, i'm hispanic, you can LIVE in NEW YORK with YOUR FAMILY speaking PRIMARILY ITALIAN in the household or maybe immigrated to New York as a literal 40-50 yo that he is and have a heavy accent. Maybe they genuinely thought Chris Pratt's take in an Italian accent was offensive, or too different, ext, but they *needed* this famous (resent and familiar to younger little kids) voice to boost the movie. Maybe it's a case of not wanting to introduce kids to have them go around doing Italian accents-- but that's a hilarious thought. At middle school right now there are kids left and right wearing Naruto and Dragon Ball merchandise AND Mario. People of all ages play these games Now. They're already making the Italian accent jokes. Other option I can think of is that Mario's original voice couldn't do it And it's somehow under law that only he can have that accent. Maybe Illumination couldn't have the accent. Maybe he'll UNLOCK the accent, i dont know.
When he says here we come he sound like james Gordon
god i love jack black
I honestly don't think it'd too bad, reminds me of the old Mario cartoon
The irony here is that Chris is gud at improv. Where was the improv?
I really, really want this movie to do well. The last time Nintendo got burned on a Mario movie, they swore off making more films for 30 years.
MatPat does not like Chris’s Mario voice:  Me: My brother in Christ, he is Mario from the series!!!! Another reference!!!
Jack black is a gamer. He has his own gaming channel with his son. Also he made a game...
Matpat maybe you should look into the game he was talking about before dunking on him so hard lmao XD Like I don't like him that much but he has actually played the game lmao
its as if nintendo is exposing chris pratt by showing us cringy stuff of his
I spent my childhood stomping, uh…      KOOPAS!
wait... anya taylor-joy as peach? anyone now imagining the northman but they are in like early medieval versions of peach and mario's clothing?
Mind you, this movie will be released 30 years from the Bob Hopkins '93 Mario movie, give a few weeks (May 1993/April 2023)
It really seems like Chris Pratt has rapidly hit the latter-day Bruce Willis stage of his career. A lot of his more recent films have just been obvious that he’s putting as little as possible into his roles (even saying ‘phoning it in’ sounds almost generous). If this keeps up, he’s rapidly going to drop to a B-tier direct to streaming actor just like Willis has.
Mario looks weird and i was so dissapointed when he said "here we come" instead of "here we GO". my brother thinks its gonna be so for the whole movie like a gag and only at the end hell say it correctly, at least  i hope so. also i feel like Chriss  cant say Goomba really, also there werent any Goombas in the original arcade he talked about only crabs and shell creepers, wich are now called Koopa's. more enthousiasm is needed really.  Luigi looks and from the little we heard good. design on point.  Bowser is EPIC, Jack Black, what a hero. Toad is funny, loveable, and i feel like he may sacrifice himself in the movie for some reason. world looks great, penguins were a cool nod. Bowser is actaully quite menacing and i think eyepatch Koopa is gonna be important
I feel like Nintendo changed the voices and designs of the characters and landscape to stay safe because if anything is wrong they won't have fingers pointing at the game version of the characters only the film version of them
Jack black has said that bowser has a musical side so it may be a musical
Bowser joins kiss YouTube video gets 999,100,000,000,000 someone do this  ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ PLESES
Although they could’ve picked someone better for Mario, I love Jack Black as Bowser!!
I think this movie looks absolutely amazing so far, I don't really mind much about the design of mario, they just kinda made his fave look less "bouncy" if that makes any sense? or just a little more flat I guess, I actually don't mind the voice at all, it's supposed to be a crappy brooklyn accent or whatever like the old saturday morning mario cartoons.
Congrats, Matpat for being right with a theory! Btw, no offense to Chris, but I think YOU can be Mario in this movie
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
oh no. if you already figured out the film, then this could end pretty badly...
I love stomping koopas
What is the opening theme based on??
I thought it was a good trailer , my family and I definitely got hyped to watch it .
koopas (derogatory)
I think Chris did an alright mario for the limitations he has, I say that cause it's just Chris's voice on mario but do remember that Chris has very little character work done if any. so asking him to do what Charles was doing was an impossible task from the get go. the other va's (voice actors/actresses) also have little character work prior to the mario movie. yes Jack was in Kung Foo Panda and Seth was in Sausage Party but they were talking as themselves in those movies, here they aren't being asked to talk as themselves but as the actual character they are trying to portray, on that not Kevin and Jack did amazing for Kamek and Bowser. also an interesting thought from another video came up. is Key only voicing the one toad, or will he be voicing all the toads?
Dear Matt, some people play arcade games for a hobby, they might spend hours jumping on stuff they don't even know the names of what. Casual people exist. Still love you though, but I think you were too harsh on Chris.
My prediction is it's going to start out live action with Chris Prat as Mario in New York City who falls through and becomes 3-D version of Mario
To give the most absolutely charitable interpretation, the stilted delivery of "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come" could be because Mario is clearly alien to this place and is probably really incredulous of what is happening. Best case scenario he sounds a lot better in the "normal" world and after he has gotten better acclimated to the Mushroom Kingdom.
koopas (derogatory) 💀💀
honestly, i have never once for a second thought the whole sonic movie controversy was genuine... that definitely seemed like a marketing strategy and it worked incredibly well... no reasonable human being could look at that original sonic design and think that it looked good, they purposefully released a bad design for the sake of gaining publicity... and I think it's the same thing here.  I think Nintendo and illumination is completely aware that Chris Pratt was a weird casting choice and that he doesn't sound like mario in this trailer, but they did this on purpose for the sake of generating publicity... which is working.  I genuinely don't think this is the final voice we are gonna get, I think they're gonna follow the sonic movie playbook and change it to appease the fans which will generate even more publicity for them.
In defense of the voice, I've always thought the Lou Albano/Bob Hoskins voice worked a lot better for longer form media whete he's going to speak alot. You can certainly go higher pitched but let's be real the game voice would get to be very grating
Maybe Mario has lost his memory?
18:16 I think you’re thinking of Super Mario World for the SNES, Super Mario Bros 3 takes place in the mushroom kingdom :)  Edit: oop he corrected himself 4 seconds later lol, carry on good sir 😂
18:16 I think you’re thinking of Super Mario World for the SNES, Super Mario Bros 3 takes place in the mushroom kingdom :)
If matpat got jackblqck on a fnaf live stream, and if it was a playthrough with questions of the security breach dlc i would pay, i would cry i would die
one thing I noticed was that toad seemed to know Mario's name and my guess is that toad would be showing up in new donk city to bring Mario to mushroom kingdom.
I hope they recast Mario 🤮
Did the original game have goomba enemies, like the first plumber version. And i liked the voice for Mario, it's interesting.
I watched a trailer from universal studios and it had a different release date
I'm so confused. Why does Mat think Mario is off-model? Is it the fact that you can see individual hairs? More cloth wrinkles? The more emotion in the face?  He looks like a perfect Mario to me. 🤷‍♀ Cartoony and all.
I'm so confused. Why does Mat think Mario is off-model? Is it the fact that you can see individual hairs? More cloth wrinkles? The more emotion in the face?  He looks like a perfect Mario to me. 🤷‍♀ Cartoony and all.
Im glad I know im not the only one who thought that Chris Pratt's Mario just sounded like Chris Pratt... It was so lazy
Am I the only one that feels like mat is being very nit picky 🤔
So now the question is will he make a game theory or film theory
Mario could have been played by an Italian American from New York. Id have been happier woth that
"mushroom kingdom... here we COME"? NOT "Lets a go" or "here we go"?
Seeing MatPat rip C. Pratt's home video moment before the trailer to pieces, torn to atoms was... VERY invigorating
0:19 ..Our table, it’s broken
Watching Chris Pratt here is like watching Biden giving a speech
I just want Benedict Cumberbatch to talk about the pengwings xD
my god his cut is ungodly
To be fair to Chris this sounds like the 80’s cartoon Mario back in the day.
"Bowser's fire has never been this powerful" Bowser's Inside Story would like to know your location
Maybe there not done with voice editing for Chris Pratt sense this is a teaster trailer so there not fully done yet
To me... Mario's face looks like Fix-It Felix with a mustache.
You never seen Mario upset in smash bros and subspace emissary? He seems pretty scared at parts actually
The penguins weren’t entirely a Mario 64 enemy. They also appeared in a few of the new super Mario bros games. I can’t remember which specific ones though.
Here’s the thing... I have a theory!!! You don’t like Chris’s voice right? That’s okay! Becaaauuse! He just came from new donk, so, he has more of a new donk accent! As the story progresses, his voice also improves into more of an Italian accent. I bet Chris did great! This is just Mario’s early stages.
Just don't say anything Mat.  Mario Pratt is fine.  I grew up in the entire 90s and Martinet Mario, and yes it strikes an odd nerve, but that voice is tolerable!
im pretty sure the massive bowser island is from super mario 3d world, just so you know
how do you get that messy hairstyle that matpat is rocking? i have been dying to try to get it but i seem to be doing something wrong. either way great hair. and i guess good vid to XP
I think the animation looks awesome, Bowser sounds good, Toad sounds PERFECT, and Mario is very “meh”…
Bit of an over reaction to the Chris Pratt part
17:05 funny number
17:05 funny number
I like these dudes scripted stuff. His unscripted stuff is just annoying and whinny.
18:13 there wasn't any bowser island in super Mario world,but bowser's Castle could be seen on a flyng island in a lot of instances,exemples incluide:paper Mario 64,Mario and luigi super star saga and even paper Mario color splash 20:03 reference to Mario 64 27:47 those Birds first appeared in Mario 3D Land(and even appeared in Mario Odissey)the seaguls that you were talking about have a oval head and super large wings(called...GOONIE(LOL))
Toad is not confident in this trailer. What you're seeing is extreme anxiety, which is completely on-brand.
I dont know why but i hear two voices when he speaks. I hear a high pitched voice not to high but high. Then a low pitched voice as a backer.
Look, I absolutely LOVE Chris Pratt... But this voice/accent is inexcusable. 😕
Y'know, if Mario is canonically coming from New Donk City in this movie, they could just say that's what a New Donk accent sounds like. It doesn't have to sound 100% authentically Italian-American or Brooklyn since no part of the canon Mario Universe takes place in the real world any way you slice it. He just has to sound somewhere in that ballpark.   Besides, I'm about 98% sure Mario's "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come!' line was recorded just for this teaser. I can't quite put my finger on it, but it sounds out of place in regards to that scene. This is pretty common practice when it comes to film trailers. So if the line sounds like a first-take recording, that's probably why. Even Mario saying "What is this place?" sounded like it had a much more genuine delivery from Pratt.
To be fair i too had a laundromat that had game console. which was a nintendo. though i played mortal kombat yes on console at a  laundromat they had mario games but depending on the day they would put mario in for you to play. but this is like ugh...lol the poor guy does not play mario enough
I’d say Mario’s design is fine.  If anything, it’s the realistic overall.  It’s the voice that’s the main problem
38:46 - "Luigi's getting his day."  Uh yeah, his Charlie Day.
Can''t wait for the end of the movie where it's revealed that the whole movie was being recorded by a lakitu.
We should make a petition to change Mario’s voice actor
Matt is very well-versed in his criticism. He doesn't want to hurt anyone's feelings but isn't afraid to represent his opinion in a strong manner. We need more people like him.
15:30 Mat's humor is broken loL
16:56  Nice
Pablo is born.
Mario’s design straight up reminds me of Fix-it Felix. Instead of going off of Nintendo’s design or even putting their spin on him, Illumination ripped off a Disney character who’s supposed to be a stand-in for Mario. Its a knock-off of a knock-off.
Chris Pratt with that major “dad trying to relate to his kids” energy 😂
mario  looks like a costume
Look at Mario then to fix-it Felix
What penguins??????????
I don’t mind the voice, we only get the normal Mario voice in a few small lines and wahoos, i whole movie of it would feel strange
Mario Jumpman Pratt
Nintendo characters are distinctive for the music that accompanied them. I wouldn’t be surprised if this entire movie was secretly a musical. Most of the celebrities have some form of singing ability.
think of it being a sequel to the live action Mario with bob hoskins then marios accent makes more sense
I think Chris’s pause was for dramatic effect before saying “koopas” with that hint of distaste and side eye as those are Mario’s main enemies. And overall his looking off to the side was for a tone of reminiscing of playing the game when he was younger. But it did miss the target a bit.  Also I think he will change the voice to the higher and more happy one everyone is use to during iconic special moments like his first time jumping or when he’s in distress. Just to avoid having our main character have that high pitch voice the entire movie which had a chance of being annoying I think. But hey that’s just a mini rant
46min?... lmfao naw
NINTENDO is gonna pull a sonic remake after the backlash from Chris Pratt.
PLEASE MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT BOWSERR HISTORYYY 🙏🙏
Not only does the voice not fit Mario, obviously, but the line is completely wrong, also. Would have been way better if he said "Mushroom Kingdom? Let's a go!" You know, use something Mario actually says for your first trailer...
I wouldn't be surprised that his musical number will be him singing to himself when he thinks he's alone, only to be caught by one of his minions.  You know, when he's by himself, and lets his facade fall, bringing in some of those dad vibes
To MatPat’s point, super smash bros brawl Mario I think would work for this movie pretty good. Mario wasn’t as energetic and high pitched in that game. I think something closer to that would have been good.
Maybe this is why Mario doesn't talk in the games. I thought of something. Sonic games have been very rough but the movies were great. Mario games were never bad enough to get the rep Sonic games have. But the movie... From what we know may be a loss if this doesn't change. So Sonic wins Movies and Mario wins Games. the Ultimate debate settled
I bet that when Mario uses the magic mushroom for the first time to become Super Mario, in addition to his size and strength increasing, his voice will go much higher; closer to what we would expect him to sound like. The basic Chris Pratt Mario is just the regular Mario. Hopefully that isn't just wishful thinking. Hopefully Nintendo and Illumination will use the feedback from this teaser to bring Chris back in for a few more readings.
Why is he laughing nothing is funny
Its nit a wild theory if you do the research. Give yourselves some credit nailed it AGAIN.
This is so extra
Matthew, you're a wizard, how did you predict the musical part????
Matpat was right!
Music has always been a big thing in Mario games. Glad to see them leaning into it.   I just hope they don't add lyrics to the original theme. Although a throw back to "Do the Mario" while the credits roll would be a fun throw back.
I thought that he was censoring himself to be honest. Though let's all agree that we need to see Chris Pratt do the Mario to make it official  Now if you had an issue with Mario Stylized just wait until you see peach ... I feel like the movie will Excel in so many areas and more than where it seems to be falling short
29:45 There loads of Toads with personality actually, though most of them are in the RPGs.
to be fair for Chris, listening to a high pitched, stereotypical, italian voice is fun when heard in short burst, but not so much when it's for an hour and thirty minutes. so I personally think they made the right choice by giving him the Brooklyn accent from Super Mario Bros. Super Show
Stompin floompas 😎😭😭
Even matpat wouldve been a better pick for marios va 💀
I think they make the characters in live action less cartoon like how they are in the games because they want them to look like how they probably would look like in real life thus making it more realistic
Visually, the whole thing is stunning. Jack Black as Bowser is great. BUT I told my friends, Pratt's Mario voice sounds like he tried for Italian, but wound up in Brooklyn or the Bronx for a beat with a quick stop in Boston. THEY HAD CHARLES MARTINET THERE!! He does various other voices in the film. But NOOO, because these movies "need" Hollywood big star names. I blame Disney for beginning the use of Hollywood star voice casts.   Also, you can't tell me that Mario doesn't look like Fix it Felix with a mustache. I can't unsee that.    15:09 In the chat, "who is kiss" guaranteed a Zoomer. That's disappointing.
Nice to see your reaction throughout. The movie looks pretty good so far with its colourful animation. Hope to see more of it soon.
Catering to all audiences vs the fandom thats why they change aspects and or story :(
Headcannon/Theory: (I’m usually right 80% of the time) I think they’ll start with Bowser in the movie, you know show his a threat, and as he said “who’s going to stop me”- Cut to Mario possibly waking up or working as a plumber. The Mario before arriving in the Mushroom Kingdom showing him in New York (or wherever on earth) interacting with Luigi, working, and possibly talk about how they are struggling financially and that they may have to go out of business. But as they were doing a job (maybe a laundromat) Mario, and maybe with Luigi, get sucked into a odd large green pipe that takes Mario to the Mushroom Kingdom. Luigi either follow Mario into the pipe, seconds later or was left behind for several hours before going in, could have popped out in a separate location as he try’s to search for Mario so they can return home.  Again I could be wrong but that’s how I’d go with it.
Why you hating on Chris Pratt so much?  I didn't have that reaction
Only 25 seconds in and MatPat's reaction to Chris was as accurate as most of the fanbase
jack black understood the assignment *and* went for some extra credit
If Sonic heard criticism and turned into a success i can't see why they wouldn't see that as a great example to follow and make the movie better  Granted, sonic was dislike bombed and mario was mostly liked but still the voice fix is much much simpler than reanimating the ENTIRE MOVIE!!
man you should take a look at the french trailer for the movie. Mario's voice just sounds more like mario
A big reason why no one wants to do cartoon could be because of movies like Batman and Robin. That movie is the main reason we haven’t gotten live action characters like clay face and Manbat, and why Robin hasn’t been in a live action movie with Batman since. A lot of cartoony adaptation have failed which is sad even though they did fail for a reason it has made companies scared to go that far with it
You could have done food theory.
I feel like if Mario's nose was bigger the rest of his face would fall into place
You think Mario's here we come feels like it's being read from a script? Try to watch a Hebrew dubbed episode of fireman Sam to see what shallow really is.
They should have been voiced by the SML staff
He has an among us character stuffed animal?! I want one!!!! Ok sorry back to the video. But still
34:22 he didn’t even say “here we go” mf said “mushroom kingdom here we come” 😭
I really hope  Luigi is like a villain I know it probably won’t happen but at the end we saw him run and closing the gates but what if and this is just a theory but what if he got teleported to the bad side of the world while his brother got teleported to the good side and so Mario sees peach get kidnapped and goes off to save her while in the process his brother who has found himself in the bad side of the world got welcomed in by bowser and gets tricked into fighting his own brother I think that would be an awesome twist to the movie like just think Luigi as the villain kind of like in the one disneynow show where there’s a lot of frogs and that girl auph something I’m sure there’s someone who knows what I’m talking about    I found out what it was called amphibia
Mario is canonically 24. Kinda young and cute character.
This may be the first time Mat has legitimately p***ed me off with his commentary... that's it.... that's all I got......
Dear MatPat, Mario's voice here is a Brooklyn accent, and that voice is chosen because in an old Mario show, he had a Brooklyn accent.
The birth of another meme :)
I would like to see you and Jack Black discussing FNAF lore together.
petition to make bloopers the official trailer of movies purely to make them fun.  slap a big *These are Bloopers* sticker
YOU  YOU CANT STOMP KOOPAS IN THE ORIGINAL MARIO BROTHERS ARCADE GAME MAAAAAAANNNNN 😢
"ye so this feels more like a mario movie unlike the sonic movie that feld more like a sonic movie" MATPAT 2022
If Bowser is going to have a musical side, I hope we get to seeing him wailing on one of those double neck guitars while on a surfboard and he has sunglasses on and he's like *wink.
I thought that, according to Nintendo, Mario was 25 years old?
well that was an annoying 45 mins...
I think Chris meant the OG Mario Bros where they were actually plumbers
Matt pausing it makes me want to throw myself out the window like watch it first then go back and talk about it 😂
Hey my friend. Know that God exists. Know that He loves His creation. If you follow the Bible you will know that most all of the 1,800 prophecies has come to pass. Once the final few happen Jesus Christ will return. Jesus say, "But when the Son of man comes, will there be any faith on earth?"
Yeah... there's just so much wrong with this movie: the mario voice, the lack of the original timeline (which didn't include other kingdoms until 64) so clearly this can NOT be an origin story.... I could go on, but there's just so much wrong. The only thing they seemed to have done right is bowser.
I don't see anything wrong with this come on that's what you did in these games
Honestly with all the things chris prat has done and like his personality I Honestly think he was just blanking on names
Actually you stomp most enemies in mario. Least he didn't say turtles.
The trailer gives me hope for this movie, but then I remember that Illumination is working on it and we'll probably get a new version of the minions
...stomping. Koopas...
koopas (derogatory)
yas
Bowser is gonna have a musical number that means mat is right  it is a musical
As a fan of the Super Mario Bros Super Show, I find that Chris did an ok job doing a bit of a brooklyn new York spin on Mario.  No disrespect to the Uber talented Charles Martinet but an entire movie with that Mario voice would not play as strong as people think it would
It's me. Mario.
glad I'm not the only one who hates marios voice.
Chiss patt impresion of mario isn't that bad
I feel like Chris just needs to give it more enthusiasm and the voice would be fine
Chris might be aiming toward the Brooklyn accent Mario had in the super show kinda sounds like one.
Why haven't you made a sonic 2 video yet?
I like Mario model and I don't mind the voice
Just imagine that this is so big that it grows into a smash bros movie
jack black is always iconic
I actually skipped the Chris prat interview originally, so I missed that. I will admit the voice seemed a bit odd but did think super mario super show with the whole new york-ish accent. Then seeing mario and luigi's design I don't really see it as bad, kinda felt sort of "wreck it ralph" with his style which I wasn't oppose to.
Jeesus i can hear Mat's throat faaar too well. I can hear it *gurgling*
I think everything is kinda perfect, the VA for Toad, Bowser, and Kamek sound good, animation looks amazing…but Christ Pratt is definitely not a Mario and it does tick me off…he just…doesn’t do it.
Ok, but with all due respect, although Jack Black is talented, I've really not liked a lot of his movies, the last decade or so. He always seemed to play the doofus character. And while he definitely can do that well, it just feels...old hat, I suppose? His Po was very juvenile and lowkey annoying with the catchphrases and stuff. That said, where the hell did he pull this Bowser performance from because omg he has no right being this good! It actually made me like nearly gasp when I saw. I had to double check that it was him playing the character. He brought a sinister energy, while keeping it playful, yet in a sadistic way, but also not too scary for kids. I was floored. Chris Pratt was also there, I think. Also, just reminding everyone that Illumination made Despicable Me and, by extension, Minions. As well as many flops and obvious cash cows. But, this could actually turn out to be a good movie, if they can keep it from being ruined by the main voice actor phoning it in.
can you make a full version because i don't like the skip's i want to see you full reation
If you have seen the original Super Mario Super Show he sounds closer to that.
...KOOPAS
Matpat be like this movie seems like a Mario movie where as the sonic movie is a movie with sonic
Ok I'm fully expecting a bunch of hate for this but hear me out here.   If I remember, Charles Martinet said that he couldn't do the voice of Mario for the movie because he isn't like the regular voice actors doing this as part of their job for animated shows and movies for HOURS on end.  I went looking, and Charles Martinet's first casting of Mario was for the Super Mario Bros. PINBALL GAME in 1992, where he went uncredited and unpaid for it!  Back when voice acting wasn't considered that important in video games yet........*flashbacks to Mega Man 8 voice acting and the Mega Man X4 Zero scream.......shutters*  It was after that that he did Mario teaches Typing and Mario's Game Gallery for the computers until FINALLY, in 1996, he was cast for Mario OFFICIALLY in Super Mario 64!    I know people are bitter that Martinet isn't Mario in this. Still, if you think about it, Charles Martinet is not a seasoned voice actor like Steve Blum, Johnny Yong Bosch, and MANY other talented voice actors who have fantastic RANGE to their voices.    Voice acting wasn't a huge deal until the turn of the century, and they were still trying to perfect 3d modeling in gaming lol.     Martinet will ALWAYS be Mario (THAT IS NO QUESTION!!), but I don't think it's fair to bash Chris Pratt for 2 lines of dialog in a 2 to 3-minute-long trailer. Honestly, this was more of a teaser!  That part in the trailer was merely a BLIP of what is going on in the movie.   When I get to finally see the movie, I'll tell ya then what I think.  I wonder if Nintendo and Illumination took a look at Chris's performance Onward as Barley and as Emmett in the Lego Movies and were impressed with him.  Who knows guys.  There are many reasons for the decisions behind the scenes.   I just see a lot of complaining for something that isn't really in their control. Don't get me started on people's whining and complaining about their characters not getting into Smash Bros Ultimate.......yesh.....
Honestly, I have every intention of boycotting this movie. In general I'm pissed at this trend of casting "celebrities" over actual, talented voice actors. The fact that they have an amazing voice actor for Mario for decades and decided to just push him aside for low energy Chris Pratt is so infuriating. Stop undervaluing voice actors!!!!
I honestly think Chris pratt should redo some of his lines because it doesn't sound like he was even trying.
Chris said the og mario game, which didn't have goombas, so maybe he thought of goombas, but then remembered, oh crap they're koopas.
I'm not a fan of the editing here. With a reaction, you kinda want to see the full reaction. But we skip over a lot of it.
The only Illumination movie I’ve ever seen is The Secret Life of Pets which I enjoyed. So, I hope I enjoy this movie too. I also don’t have much experience with Mario games outside of Super Mario Sunshine which I never beat, Mario Tennis which I haven’t played in years, and Mario Kart which I play every week if not every day, so I won’t have much context if they mess anything minor up.
i honestly think chris was gonna say goombas, but in the mario bros arcade game there's only koopas, (not super mario bros) and he was about to get it wrong so he paused.
I don’t get why people are slamming Chris Pratt’s voice. From the little we’ve heard, he’s doing a Brooklyn accent like the Super Show. Maybe it’ll be good, why judge now?
Jack Black is carrying this whole project on his giant koopa shell
So I guess I'm watching the Japanese dub lol.
Chis Pratt was taking about the 1983 Mario Bros. Arcade that’d Shellcreepers (aka Koopas), Sidesteppers and Fighterflies! So, he’s technically not wrong, due to Goombas not existing until their 1985 NES Super Mario Bros. debut!
play BONELAB already
If anyone can make a ringtone out of MatPat saying "Here we go!" please do it. I will set it as my text notification....and I get dozens of texts a day for work so it'll be hilarious.
Matt pat go play bone lab right now it is one of the biggest things in the lore and you you need to wait at the end of the game for the credits you will be surprised
I think Mario could be better jack black did amazing with bowser but I would have loved to see Kevin hart as toad
Imo prolly better than sonic 1, but I'm just saying they definitely delayed the movie because they knew sonic 2 was better
Bro Jack black and Mat Pat would make my day😂
Jack Black is going to steal the show and I am all for it.
Do you think Mario Vs Sonic will ever happen? 🤔
This is they only time I'm disliking a vid
Bowser actually looks really cool in the trailer
I thought he was gonna say “stompin Turts” like the game grumps lol
There aren’t even koopas in the arcade game, AND you can’t stomp on stuff because you needed to hit the ground under them
was that....😶 a Brooklyn NY accent.?! 👁️👁️ 🤔 He's giving me... (*Inhales*) SPA-WaTeR mario 👀 😭 In all seriousness, Benefit of the doubt; he's probably just doing a bit with the 'mushroom kingdom, here we come' B.A.  I feel like it's been done  in movies/tv, where you know, the character purposefully switches their tone, overall accent, or what have you to come across either: sarcastic, contemptuous, exasperated or enthusiastic (or lack there of in this case). And many other more reasons.. to make a statement' of sorts, a reaction to whatever is occuring at that moment.
Bring on Fazbear book club because I can’t afford to buy the books!
"if you wanna see a slay tho-" ily ash /p
I like the new Mario look BECAUSE as far as I'm concerned, Mario is a human and they needed a way to make him human somehow. Whether the mushroom kingdom exists in the same world as Mario already does or a whole other Universe I don't know, but they changes they made to add that extra but or realism in proportions and whatnot makes sense. It's 70% Mario and 30% human, which I think looks good for whatever plot they're going for - I mean just take on the original proportions of Mario's face and he looks a bit too cartoony, not human like. Of course he's already not that human in general, but if he is canonically a human then this design looks good
Are people forgetting Mario used to have a Brooklyn accent? Back in the 80s and early 90s.
Koopas (derogatory)
I wonder if this movie is a success, would there be a crossover with the Sonic movies?
How's this for a Game/Theory.  This Mario's son Mario. And since both Cranky and Donky are both in the game.  Charles Martinet is going to be his father and has been in the mushroom kingdom for awhile and Mario follows clues to find his father and ends up in the Mushroom kingdom.  That's why his voice is different
I don't blame Chirs Pratt for not remembering koopas, I'm watching Mario stuff for longer time and I still can't remember koopas or any creature in Mario  even if I was playing as Mario i probably would forget them. Only one Polish word that sound similar to this would help me
I can't even place what hits me so wrong with Mario but somehow they hit uncanny valley Mario and I am uncomfy
You need to check out the French version. Mario's voice is way better.
11:00 Chris is talking about the turtle enemies called shellcreepers in the original cabinet game which are now called Koopa’s or Koopa Troopa’s in the later games. Goomba’s hadn’t existed as of that point.
i hope there's gonna be a Luigis mansion spinoff film in the future
Didn’t Martinet say that doing the Mario voice that long would hurt his throat and that’s why he can’t do it? Also I’ve still got no clue why people think the subdued Brooklyn accent is bad, it’s exactly what I was hoping for o-o;; People are hearing no energy but I hear a TON of energy in it (for a middle-aged Brooklyn plumber)
Bowser better turn big as a final boss at the end of the movie
I'm so happy that your theories seem to be correct!! stimming so hard rn!!
Mario looks like fix-it-felix from wreck n ralph
sorry to be annoying but the penguins appeared in a minigame in Mario party
21:44 30:00
"Koopas (Derogatory)" is probably one of the funniest things i've read for a while
I always thought Mario was around his mid 20s.
ok i love that mario is the only Not perfect thing
Dramatic much? It’s really not that bad 🙄
Still sad they didn't even pay homage to the old super Mario bros movie
Not MatPat googling "how OILD is miyamoto"
Is the plot to this movie going to be the same as the super Mario brothers super show??? he finds a pipe and lands up in the mushroom kingdom?
Haven't finished the vid yet, but I wouldn't get my hopes up on these being old takes, I feel Nintendo wouldn't of put it out there if they weren't comfortable so this may just be Mario, I would like for him to transition from Chris to Charles but doubt this will happen, I'm hoping since this is a small scene that the other Mario scenes are better
You know what the Mario design reminds me of? Older Japanese promo material, like magazine print ads and that direct to video anime.
You called bowser King K. Rool. And therefore I am dissatisfied with the entire koopas (derogatory) segment. I’m sorry. 39:35-39:43
Captain Toad
Ah yes stomping koopa's my favourite Mario mechanic
To defend Chris I just want to argue that he was most likely talking about mario bros.  An old arcade game.  There were no Goombas in that game and the Koopas were called Shellcreepers so him getting the name confused while talking about an old as dirt arcade game makes sense.  It's not like he admitted to playing anything else but that one game.
Matpat is like a school teacher Cant watch a video without pausing 1000 times
Is there any possibility to remove Chris Pratt from the movie? 😳
I don't really mind the voice i know tons of people do but i don't mind it.
Did the caffeine always had eyes?
I'm not watching a 50 min video what was his thelry
ever since u made the evertale theory it is the ONLY ADS IVE GOTTEN ON ALL OF YOUR CHANNELS what is happening here XD
23:39 so true mat
Who called the music
The way matpats face turns every time he hears “Mushroom Kingdom here we come!” makes me laugh every time
I think Chris Prat thought he was supposed to be playing Mark Wahlberg
I'm pretty sure it got confirmed in an interview by Miyamoto that Mario was 24-25 years old; the series itself is around 40 years old
if u watch it in french he sound Italian
I honestly love Jack Black’s casting, Chris Pratt on the other hand could maaaybe use a little more accent. I actually think the pitch is perfect, but I also don’t have enough information to accurately judge the voice. What I’m really hoping for is that I don’t just recognize Mario as Chris Pratt. It would be a poor choice of voice directing.
They are laughing and I am just sitting hear like "I don't understand what's so funny?
Actually Bowsers fire has been that powerful. Looks awfully like the fire he breaths in the Mario Odyssey boss fights.
The first time I saw that Chris Pratt scene I also thought he couldn't remember the line.  Then I watched it again and I see he may be going for a pause to show disgust as he says "koopas," because the koopas lead by Bowser are the villains of the movie.  But hey!  That's just a theory.
i having a feeling that mario isnt luigi's brother
I mean the videogames mario face doesn’t seem to be very expressive
All the voice acting is terrible bowser is slightly lower than average I hate toad and Mario makes my ears bleed everything looks great it’s just the voice acting
did you heard our Vf version of Mario i personnaly think its better  you should see it
Mario’s voice lines sound like that 💅 Pinocchio
i think it maybe be mario will get hid accent later on in the movie
Wait so if the pipe is from new donk city then what if Luigi went first mario had to chase him but donkey kong also accidentally steps in a pipe himself
You know what pisses me off about this??  The same things happen to so many iconic voice actors who have a job and NAIL IT, and of course for money they hire someone more famous to do a lifeless job (sometimes the case).  If this movie is coming out in April, as an animator myself I can confirm the voice acting is probably almost finished for them to move along in production...but MAN I hope they take notes from our reactions. I will 100% watch this if Pratt would do the iconic voice.
I am absolutely stocked for this movie. From what I have seen it will be awesome. And if the only fault of a video game movie is that the main characters voice is going to flat and not cartoony enough, we have come a long way since the last super mario bros. movie!
To be fair to Chris, the Koopas in the Mario Bros. Arcade game were called Shellcreepers, so he might've just blanked on the modern name.    Also, there were no Goombas in the arcade game, Mat. #FakeFan
Your dislike of Chris Pratt is clear, but I wonder if you are targeting him for some reason?
Man you guys are really harping on a half a second of silence. 🙄
We're on the right track
7:24 13:36
Splatoon movie pls
GUYS I UNLOCKED WHAT THE MOVIE IS GOING TO BE... Mario stomping koopas and since hes a plumber he worked at a laundromat when it got invaded by koopas... It makes sense laundromats would have problems with plumbing
Chris was gonna say turtles but realize people would take that out of context, smart move
i feel like you guys are forgetting mario was Supposed to be from brooklyn. only really changed in sm64
the Mario Movie is coming in theaters on my birthday…
OMG I WANT HIS SHIRTTTTT
34:21 I kept skipping the vid to see something interesting and suddenly I hear HERE WE GO!!!!!
I'm am so excited to see Luigi's voice actor in the list! It's freaking CHARLIE DAY, one of my favorite VA's ever!!!
There’s a possibility, that since this is a Mario origin story and Mario will need a character arc, that he’s simply not the enthusiastic super cheery Mario we’re used to but a more reserved version just trying to get home rather than go on an adventure. I think by the end of the movie, he’d grow into that confidence more. Especially if he’s starting the movie off dissatisfied with his life.
Does anyone else hear Dom DeLuise in Mario's voice?  I hear Dom DeLuise.
Chris was John Wick for Koopas.
I'm so happy to see Matpat be a hater on Crisp Ratt like the rest of us <333
I was expecting Mushroom kingdom “LETS A GOOO”
MatPat should play Mario
Yeah... Chris Pratt as a person... might not be the best in the world...
Looks like they pulled Mario out of Reck it Ralph xD
34:00 mario is 26
The bowser ship looks like bowser land from 3d world 🤔
The link of this video is almost a movie it self
Jack Black is such a great guy! Also your coverage was super funny. Thanks!
saw some people online saying that he said "koopas" like its a slur and i can't not hear it that way.
But it's just a Theory a film Theory and cut
GET ON WITH IT
matpat stop being so nice to pratt. tell us how you really feel lol
Except they're doing it with the voice
I'm watching half of this video and I'm like are there doing the thing that when Sonic look bad at the first trailer but then look good at the movie
We’re they in a mushroom forest? Is that why the kingdom portion is so far?
Chris Pratt  is iconic for one thing and one thing only and that is being star lord. nobody can do a better star lord then him
This is a perfect example of hearing only what you want to hear. Intelligent people can be delusional, too.
Chris Pratt is just here to cash in check and go.
He didn't even say here we go 😂 he said here we come
Why Chris pratt
You guys jumped the gun on what Pratt said.... he's referencing growing up playing hours of playing Mario games, and doing it in a humorous way... duh.
PrattPat?! PrattPat? PrattPat...?
Ah yes, a video about Bowser's Fury.
Matt I love you but you need to not pause every two seconds. Do one watch through and then get nitty-gritty
I kind of knew that Chris would make Mario sound like that, but that I think is kind of the point. As a foreigner to the Mushroom Kingdom, he probably carries whatever accent most of his indigenous neighbors usually have. But I'm excited for it!  Also, Matpat, Miyamoto said that Mario is 26 as of Super Mario Odyssey
I think it might do better than sonic,it is fully animated Wich should help
When I realized matpat was right, I started to think, does the government want his brain
I think a lot of people have a lot of criticism on Chris Pratt that for now isn't justified. I think people wouldn't want to listen to the original Mario-voice for an entire movie. A few sound-bites here and there in a game, it's fine. And sure people grew up with that voice. But what about Lou Albano or Walker Boone? I think we should give Chris Pratt at least a chance before burning it down.   And at least let's not recast it, because that would make it even worse. Sonic was just changing visuals, but this is changing the main character while the movie already is far into production...that's not gonna benefit it one bit.
Bro cant just watch a trailer and then save the analysis til later
Mario better do the Mario
koopas being the og enemy matt pat,t, not that he had to pull it from the script
Yeeeeeessssssss
keep in mind Chris Pratt is busy being a world famous actor and most likely isn't well versed in video game knowledge. if I had to guess I'd say he paused because he wanted to say Goombas but changed his mind to say Koopas when he remembered that Goombas weren't in the original arcade game.
I had the exact reaction as Mat when Chris started talking.  My husband said,”well they can’t go with the same accent and everything from the video games, people that don’t really play games wouldn’t be into it probably, they wouldn’t get it.” I replied,”This isn’t for them.”😂
I would like to see a reference to Blue and Yellow Toads in this movie, as in the ones that appear in the games.
I think that there’s gonna be a final battle at the end and Mario’s losing, but then Mario uses the power Star to defeat bowser
Maybe Chris thought about saying "Goomba" but then thought its such a standart answer im changing to koopa :D
MatPat is Gatekeeping Chris Pratt. Omg, Chris is a fake gamer because he couldn't name all mario enemys of the top of his head! He never claimed to be, he said he used to play back when he was a kid.
I don’t get what the big deal is about Chris Pratt other than a few phases of dialogue in the entire franchise he has a “Italian accent” he is not from Italy and Italy isn’t even a place cannon in the games lore/universe so what does it matter if he doesn’t have the accent or isn’t voiced by the guy from the games ? It’s not like it’s a game based on dialogue to begin with . I feel like the internet is making it a bigger deal than it is and not gonna give the movie a fair chance and judge it solely on the movies choice of casting Chris Pratt
I think since Pratt can’t do an Italian accent he’s doing a Brooklyn accent since in the super Mario show he’s from Brooklyn
So... Matpat did a trailer reaction where he cut out 60% of the trailer?... Wow
Mario looks like gene from wreak-it-ralph
Love the new halloweenie background! 🎃🦇
I really think "Let's-a-go" or "here we go" would have been better
I saw something on Google it said they are replacing  Chris Pratt with someone else
Dwayne Thwomp Johnson.
I actually enjoy Mario's voice, Mainly cuz it reminds me slightly of Mario from the old TV series
"koopas"
The French Mario sounds more like Mario than Chris 😂
I think the Mario voice was good.
I think the two biggest problems with what we have so far is Mario's voice and then (in my opinion) the castle on the mountain top. I feel like they should've made the castle closer to the Mario 64 and they should've just used the original Mario voice actor
If it was a Bowser movie mixed in with a Luigi's mansion movie, that would be incredible.
I agree, I think everything about the trailer was great, except mario's voice. Al the other voice actors knocked it out of the park, and its beautiful.
Remember the Mario  super show
I remember when they announced Chris Pratt as Mario, I knew it wasn't going to end well. Come on Miyamoto, Mario is the face of Nintendo, you should've been a lot more strict deciding who gets to play the voice of Mario, and if it wasn't your decision, it should've been.         Moral of the story: Never give Hollywood creative control over ANYTHING, Hollywood's purpose should just be to provide the technology necessary to create the movie, that way Hollywood can't screw up.
Dude you are overreacting soooo much, chill out
This movie is gonna be a *_field_* trip
Let’s be realistic here. The old Mario brother super show and him with a Brooklyn accent, bob did his voice as a Brooklyn accent, Luigi was not Italian in the first movie. ….. … I frankly do not have any care or problem with this movie, still better than the first which I watched in theaters 😢
Must be Mario from the Wreck-It Ralph universe
I tought this movie was a live action until I saw the trailer☠️ I tought Pratt was playing a live action mario
good to see emmet from the lego movie doing a bad impression of chris pratt in the mario movie
I always thought he paused cuz I think he wanted to say Goombas but maybe thought it was more of a slur the internet would misinterpret maybe
I spit my food out because it’s so funny😂
They might not have Goombahs in the movie since it's an Italian derogatory word. Probably why Chris hesitated too.
Seeing way too much hate on the Chris Pratt Mario.  Did people really expect him to do a Charles Martinet impression?  Give him a chance.
the absolute waste of saying “here we go”…
Oh, I didnt know Luigi was in it. Im calling it, Mario and Luigi get sucked into a warp pipe at the same time but end up in different areas. Mario in the Mushroom Kingdom and Luigi in the Dark Kingdom.
I'm glad SOMEONE saw the reference with the penguins
They spent 10 minutes not understanding Chris prats sense of humor, im almost certain he was being ironic XD
Nice to know that MUSIC MAN found his way into the Mario movie!
10:58 Goombas aren’t in the Mario Bros. arcade game that Pratt was saying he played as a child, but Koopas are.
mario doesn't start IN the mushroom kingdom, he's going TO the mushroom kingdom.
33:59 Mario is not middle aged, he's in his mid 20s.
I just want to put this thought into why Chris Pratt may have not said goomba is because it could be taken out of context and thought to be mistaken as a racial slur so he may have been thinking of what other Mario character do you encounter in the game as commonly and then settled on koopas
I feel like the internet has been a little overly critical of Chris Pratt as Mario. Remember folks, this is 9 words. . . Literally 9 words that everyone has the worst opinion of. Seriously? Guys. . . How can we really gleen any kind of true opinion off of this? Just because we're fans of the franchise doesn't make us full on experts. Most people are familiar with Charles Martinet I get it, but the thing is he's only been Mario for 26 years. Need I remind everyone about the Mario brothers animated series which my generation grew up with. Nope, didn't sound like what Mr. Martinet sounds like. He sounded totally different (AKA a wise guy from Brooklyn). I don't know. . . I think everyone just needs to calm down.
I think Chris Pratt was aiming for a Super Mario Brother's Super Show kinda voice. Anyone else agree?
Why is this edited so odd??? I wanted to see his full reaction to the trailer but they totally edited out the penguins, Bowser's entrance, Bowser's first lines... Like why cut it out if it's a reaction??? 😭😭
I hate that matpat is just trying to look for the smallest issues or just trying to make this movie look bad and making fun of Chris Pratt
YOURE WRONG MAT THIS IS GONNA BE THE MOVIE THAT REDEFINES A GENERATION!!!!!!
I hope this succeeds and they make more official movies of Ninendo games. This can be a start of a new cinematic universe, if they do this right and Nintendo is serious about expanding into the movie indusry.
That's not even YOUR theory, you saw the plot leak on Reddit and passed it off as your own
Bro... Who edited this video... You cut out all the good parts...
hi
Peach is now a pokemon trainer toad I choose you
how did he make a 45 minute video out of a 2 minute trailer
I laughed at the koopas line too. But I figured that goombas aren't in the movie so I thought he thought of goombas and then in his head went no I can't say that.
Am I the only person who can barely see the difference between original Mario and this Mario? Like the only difference is updated fabric and his mustache is less bumpy.   Edit: I mean appearance wise LOL
Matt needs to see the old Mario cartoons. I wonder if some will call Luigi Mama Luigi.
Just so you know I believe the original Mario bro’s did only have koopas.
9:25 He’s looking at Peaches cake from Mario 64
I will be looking out for the poison mushroom.
Am I the only one very annoyed that MatPat stops the video every 2 seconds? 😂
With the toad comment, after hearing Game Grump Arin's impression, confident toad doesn't surprise me
u sounded like mario...y r u not
Wait, i don't get why they're knocking on what Chris said. Stomping Koopas is correct, right? Koopa troopers and all that
I honestly think the voice for Mario is pretty good. True it doesn’t exactly remind me of the games but it does remind me of the TV show which is I feel like what they were going for. And think about it in the games Mario never really talked anyway the most we got out of him was a let’s a go. I honestly didn’t want to be hearing a high-pitched squeal the entire movie it makes sense for them to get an actual actor to voice him. I think since the probability of having him in new Donk city possibly but it makes more sense for him to have a Brooklyn accent not an Italian one. I don’t think Nintendo would’ approved this in the first place if it wasn’t any good I think people just need to give it a chance.
I love the potential that can be seen in the trailer.  But WTAF is this Mario voice that just PRATTles on?  #NotMyMario  I really really really really really hope that MatPat is right and this trailer is just poking the audience to see if the worst Mario voiceover ever can fly.  It doesn't.  Way to bring down the whole movie.  Heck, after this reaction video, I'd even support firing Chris Pratt and hiring MatPat to voice Mario!  I just ... no.  I could not sit down through a whole movie of that trailer's Chris Pratt as Mario.  The rest, absolute magic!  Mario?  No.  ...All of that said, I *HOPE* that this is all ACTING.  Clueless Pratt segment, Mario voice, are manufactured controversy as advertising, inspired by the Sonic redesign, to get people talking about the movie.
I like the voice. Why are people so hung up on it being the "right" voice? This is all new lore and characterization anyways.
I'm sensing a lot of unnecessary criticism for Chris Pratt here  Also, he didn't mention stomping Goombas bc they weren't in the og arcade game he talked about playing
Koopas (derogatory)
Only thing disproved was the overalls. Everything else is on Point though
Petition to have MatPat dub the entire movie has all characters after it comes out
Construction worker? Isn’t he a plumber?
It looks like mario, what?  I dunno get that opinion?
Well Matt I agree about the here we come should here we go but maybe he will start with here we come and will turn into here we go through out the movie
I have learned, that Chris Pratt is a total airhead from this direct!  Also, the teaser looks fucking great!
I was waiting for music man the moment I saw the quote pop up
I feel like Mario in this looks like a wider version of Fix-It Felix
Anyone else notice charles martinet is credited in this movie? Wonder whats going on there
Matpat why did u not do a Collab with Gura
I'm not sure what MatPat is talking about with the look of Mario. I think he looks amazing and is dead on as Mario. (Now the voice, I understand those complaints)
Why didn’t they get Charles martinet to voice mario?
From context, it sounds like maybe he was referring to the OG Mario Bros, before Super. That said, the looong pause was awkward and you don't stomp them in that game.
You should rename to gtmayblive
Why does everyone hate Chris Pratt??
What does the trailer play 1s plazas fffefxd 1s  jjjkm
I think you mentioned that they couldn’t get Charles Martinet to do Mario, but if you look at that cast list, they DID get him! My theory/hope is that we’re gonna get half of the movie with Chris Pratt’s “Brooklyn” Mario voice for when he’s in New York and just entering the Mushroom Kingdom but then as he spends more time in the mushroom kingdom he gets more cartoony and Charles Martinet takes over as Mario’s voice! Either that or they have him for a completely different role altogether.
12:32 He's out there roasting Chris Pratt while I'm just sitting here looking up and seeing that MatPat has 1156 unread notifications.
Bowsetta needs to be in the movie
I love the Bowser lines at the end. How his laugh goes high pitch. Our some reason it shows his voice size. I doubt they had to edit his voice at all.
he pauses too much
also if this is an origin story he could be young, so if your theory is true he also could be in his 20s or something.
I'm glad I'm not the only one to notice the penguins are very Illumination-style humor. I hope its mostly limited to them.
game theory really deserves this W.
Love your content !
What Judy send Jack a video reply on YouTube!
It's funny that in the sonic movie the voice of Sonic was pretty spot on but the visuals were off and now in Mario the visuals look great but the voice is off.
I think that since Mario's voice sounds nothing like the game which is what makes it okay. Yes more enthusiasm but because it's not like the game, I'm fine with it.
11:07 There were no goombas in the original Mario Bros arcade game. There were only koopas. Guess he knows a little bit!
It's an amazing voice cast and Chris Pratt
Yes, make super bowser world happen!
while chris phatt's may not be the best can we all agree that its not nearly as bad as pauly shores pinnocio
This is a paper mario movie and I could not be more excited!!! Can they take the paper mario route and have Mario not speak tho
I loved the penguins, BUT... I was hoping to see a big penguin like in SM64. 😅
it was never your theory
So Emmet is now canonically in the mushroom kingdom
Is matpat bullying Chris Pratt right now 😢
Someones gonne make "Bowser Fucks Gently" music video.
Peach whips out Toad in literally only Smash Bros. watchu talking about
Sorry Mat Pat your take on Sonic is wild. Why would the studio choose to skin Sonic like that, pour all that money into the uncanny-look and then let the audience dictate the final look? I choose to believe the higher ups were simply out of touch with the fans and how Sonic should've been designed. I'm confident they didn't want to re-design any part of the film, it's more money to budget for etc.  I'm thankful they did re-design the look for Sonic but I also could picture a scenario where they didn't.
Actually... I have a theory based on what you said MatPat... You said that Mario kinda has a New Yorker/Brooklyn accent and if this is his first time in the Mushroom Kingdom, that would actually make a lot of sense, but my theory is: what if his exposure to the mushroom kingdom (like eating the Big Mushrooms and Fire Flowers) changes him physically? Or maybe it's something Peach does to him directly? I get the feeling that he will change somehow into more of the Mario that we all know and have grown used to. Kind of like how the main character of an Isekai anime does lol
Producers or some idiots at the top of the food chain is probably being like it needs to look as real as possible or something. Who knows.
The way Mat-pat memes himself like lasagna cat is iconic
It's the intro the Super Mario Brothers Super Show in film form XD  We're the Mario Brothers and plumbings our game We're not like the others who get all fame If your sink is in trouble, you can call us on the double We're faster than the others, you'll be hooked on the Brothers, uh H-hooked on the brothers Gimme gimme, gimme gimme!   Yo, you're in for a treat, so hang on to your seat Get ready for adventure and remarkable feats You'll meet Koopa, the Troopas, the Princess, and the others Hangin' with the plumbers, you'll be hooked on the brothers! To the bridge!  It's the Mario Brothers and plumbing's their game Found the secret warp zone while working on the drain Lend the princess a hand in the mushroom land Join the action with the plumbers, you'll be hooked on the brothers!  Now... Evil Koopa and his Troopas are up to misbehavin' They kidnapped the princess, Mushroom Land needs savin' Abusin' and confusin', everybody discovers They can't help but be hooked on the brothers, uh!
"Thats Just a theory" a Music theory!!"
Calling it now: In the beginning of the movie, it’s just Chris Pratt, live action, living his life, & then he falls down a “magical portal” sewer/pipe & then turns into Mario. I mean, it’ll explain his voice 😅
I personally think the voice for Mario sounds fine, seems he's going for a bit of a Brooklyn accent.  The Mario design is different, but I kind of like it
When is the new DHMIS film theory coming
Matpat will never think of the word Koopa the same again.
Matpat try not to pause the video every five seconds challenge
Mario 64 penguins return!
Idk why they chose Chris Pratt... Where's the Italian voice... Mario's design is so not the same because of the face, that's my only issue with his visual. Bowser is great, the backgrounds are great and I'm sure the music will be on point. Get the original Mario pleaseree
Movie has nice animation
my husband is a big gamer, and is so excited for this movie (at least for the memes). but I've told him it'll be a musical. he hates musicals. we're both excited now to see who "wins" because he refuses to accept that it might be a musical.
17:00 can i say it ????
Mat: (sees the leaks) "that my theory"
The only thing that's wrong with Mario is his face in the trailer
The koopas, if I'm not mistaken we're in the original Mario Bros. Goombas as came in the super Mario bros game.
I never played any Mario games and I was still appalled by Chris Pratt's Mario voice
If you didnt know, marios lore was he was a plumber from brooklyn with his brother, luigi, they found a mysterrious pipe to the mushroom kingdom, thats why chris pratt does that accent rather than an italian accent
I watched the trailer before listening to this. I liked it. I'm looking forward to it and I think Chris Pratt will do fine.
I wish all you guys would relax on the chris pratt stuff. He doesnt sound the best but i have heard substantially worse in big movies so relax.
Well to be fair to Chris, the original Mario bros arcade game had koopas right? (Not Mario bros for NES.)
Why do I feel like he was trying to hide Goombas because they were the ones in the middle? Like would they confirm they fight for Bowser, and if so, why? I just have a feeling if he had said Goombas then it would be more lore for the games and movie? Optimism speaking anyway.
this is my first gtlive video  why is the intro a knockoff of silhouette by kanaboon?
Matpat its a isekai mario.
somehow he turned a 2 minute video into a 46 minute video
Fun fact, the original Mario game only had Koopas
This channel is basically the place where I learn to become a theorist. I honestly use what I learn from this channel on everyday things and sometimes, I'm right, my theories are right. I'm not as smart as MatPat or Stephanie or anyone in the theorist group but I think I became a young theorist because of them. Thank you for doing these theories, they are fun as well as educational.
Honestly, I don't think it's that bad. I thought it would a lot worse. Chris sounds alright, the animation is good and the plot is probably be okay too. I like Toad's personality, an annoying voice with an annoying (although endearing) personality, matching. The penguins are cute and Bowser is amazing!
Despite Mario's....questionable...casting, I think this will still be a fun one to watch. I love all the colors, the attention to detail, and of course BOWSER!!! I remain optimistic. :)
They change the characters so we don’t end up with another sonic 06
I think Chris did a good job. You only heard 2 lines, how do you know he didn’t put in enough effort? I’m sure he did amazing for the rest of the movie. Leave the poor man alone, imagine if the whole internet judged you like that.
The floating islands make me think of Galaxy.
The Chris Pratt voice is basically his voice with a slight Brooklyn accent... as a callback to the Super Mario Super Show version of Mario, which was really the first live action Mario we ever heard and saw... having said that, I still don't think Chris sounds right, but I get what he was going for
why is the main segment of the video called "koopas (derogatory)" OMG
At least revoking the lines is cheaper than redoing the animation
7:31 matpat turns into Micky mouse
THEORY: maybe the reason why we didn’t see any goombas in the trailer, because the toads are goombas! And we didn’t see them because he didn’t conquer the mushroom kingdom yet!
I feel like they put Luigi at the end to just LIGHTEN UP THE MOOD U know..? Cuz I feel like a lot a people wanted Luigi and didn’t know if he was going to be in the movie anyway Tbh I would watch the movie if Luigi was in it 😶
my biggest problem of the trailer is they missed a BIG TIME opportunity to make mario say "mushroom kingdoom, lets'a go" but instead they did "mushroom kingdom, here we go" and nobody really talks about that but that would been such a good ending line like why nott :(
Mat roasts Chris for 30 minutes or less.
Goombas weren't in the original Mario Bros arcade game. It was just crabs and Koopas, so it makes sense for Chris to not say Goombas, though I agree it did feel like it took him a while to remember what the turtles were called.
what triggers me most is that chris said here we come instead of here we go
I think Mario looks good, it gives me reminiscent of Wreck-It Ralph, you just got to get used to the voice
The most infuriating things (for me) is the constant pausing all the time aaargh xDDDD
There's time to improve  and I didn't think it was terrible, plus I do like how Mario looks
Am I the only one that genuinely wants a cut of the film that has incomprehensible toad voice? Like I want to hear the new VA version, but I would pay extra for a version that has toad just borderline screaming. Even better if only Mario understands what he's saying 🤣
Introducing Eario, Mario’s other brother. It just so happens that E is M on its side.
Oh my gosh... if this musical thing proves true... MatPat just owns the word "MUSIC" like he owns the word "THEORY".  Contractually obligated to say MUUUUUSIC every time he hears it.
Good video, don't know if I agree with all of Matt and Ash's critiques, but I may just have nostalgia bias for everything. I felt the were a little neglected and harsh when talking about Chris Pratt, but everyone has an opinion I guess. I'm just excited to see the movie when it comes out! 😁
40:41 and now people will make Bowser a FNAF animatronic.
I think chris sounds fine inthink people like to rag on him. Due to his personal life
What if the mushroom World from the Sonic movies and the Mushroom Kingdom is the same place
I too love stomping the uhhh the umm the got amn the uhhhh
I didn’t even have to watch it and not be like “Mat is right”
If you want to hear a better voice for Mario, you should ABSOLUTELY listen to the French version of the trailer! Mario’s French voice is PERFECT!!
I think if we qualify this strictly as a video game movie then it'll definitely be better than any other. However it almost doesn't feel like a fair comparison since most of the time we are judging and comparing specifically live action video game movies. Don't get me wrong I'm 100% glad that didn't happen.
This... this is just going to be Trolls World Tour but mario... isn't it? - assembling the stars/strings - going kingdom by kingdom to steal them - a confident hero starting in the most well known kingdom is going to stop him I really hope it doesn't end up being that 😭
I think people have forgotten that before we got the voice we all know and love, the original cartoon Mario had a Brooklyn accent. That's what their going for. Also you can't tell me that listening to a high pitched Mario voice for an hour and a half wouldn't be at least a bit annoying. And i also think people forget that THIS IS A KIDS MOVIE! People are acting more  on nostalgia then being realistic. Like seriously this is a movie FOR KIDS, not your nostalgia kick people! Not saying adults can't see the movie and enjoy it. But chill the F out!
Because it's kind of an origin story of mario, he most likely won't have the same amount of confidence as the end of the film. It's likely he says "here we come" instead of "here we go" because Mario says "here we go" with a lot of confidence.
Love the Game X Theory poster in the background, especially because I just started to read the manga
The last channel is going to be purple confirmed?
i love how they're dissing chris pratt when i could make a year-long list of everything wrong with mattpatt's face, and JUST his face
I think it’s better that he looks different because he sounds different. So there less of a disconnect I guess?
I really want for Luigi to find his ghost grab pack in the move!
He said koopas
Did the first five minutes just explain Pratt as perfect casting due to lack of personality?!
Mario looks like Mario I'm not sure what to you mean he looks different
Chris Pratt saying “Here we come!” Instead of “Here we go!” made a little dent in my soul
11:56 Bro look at what Reagan Sido said about Chris Pratt's background lmao
From what I see at least this is kinda like light year with the changed voice actor stuff
I find it hilarious that I thought toad was saying “mushroom kingdom here we come” because there is no way that Mario would speak like that. I thought toad was saying that because he was bringing the hero to the kingdom. This doesn’t even sound like Mario even has an accent at all
You should just rename this channel to GTnotlive at this point
Honestly wanted Danny Devito as mario
Literally every second he pauses the video
Bowser 10/10 Peguins 7/10 Mario 5/10 Toad 8/10 Luigi 9/10
Matpat , I already watch the trailer and it was epic...one.more thing Mat , LETS ADD THIS TO OUR WATCH LIST!!
Mat alone in fron of the stream always feels weird to me, because for years I saw both Mat and Steph and really, this was the only opportunity to really see Steph and now it's always only Mat, alone
Yeah idk matpat, I feel like it was pretty self explanatory that this was how the movie was gonna go. Sorry to be the bringer of bad news, but it’s true…
Chrisp Ratt™
Well he did say he played the original  Mario arcade game, which I’m pretty sure only had koopas
I feel like Chris Pratts Mario voice was added just for trailer beacause it doesn't even feel like Mario would say "mushroom kingdom here we come" just after finding himself i weird new world.
Woah MatPat that's some serious hate for Chris Pratt man
Jack says "Kiss" the same way MatPat says "LOOOOOOORE"
The other dubs does a better job of Mario. Chris did horrible offend granted. I do love the rest of the voices though.
Please do a Theory on the cult of the lamb
I feel bad, Mario's voice is based on a Brooklyn accent just like the show and everything😪 I'm sad people are making fun of it
WATCH THE TRAILER AND STOP PAUSING
I love how Pratt says koopas like it's a slur lmao 😂😂😂
MARIO ISNT OLD MATPAT
I think Chris Pratt was rather nice as Mario.
Nice haircut!!.
Only matpat can make a 2 min video in to a 40 min stream
34:01 Isn't he 24 - 26 or something?
To be fair, how the voice actors play the characters is based on what the voice director tells them to do. So if they talk a certain way it's the voice director that is responsible :^ And just like what Ash said, it could be different voice takes, cut voices, etcetera.
Mario seems to be the 80s Brooklyn accent callback from his origins. Need to hear more to confirm. Not sure how well it will be.
17:51 - Reaction starts here
GT live with Mario
ChrisPat just officially broke up after this
maybe the normal mario didnt fit illumination's face rig
I'm half way in but.. I already can tell actor for Mario really.. don't have passion don't deserve this job and the voic not even close to original.. Now.. graphics.. amazing! Although if I had to choose I rather years ago irl Mario movie then hearing that actor money grabber.. Anyway.. I would suggest get that app change voice to real Mario voice.. EVEN BROWSER IS BETTER FOR MARIO AKA JACK LOL X3 OR Luigi as he said lol  I WAS FIRST SAY MUSIC MAN OMG YAS X3 GRATE MINDS THINK ALIKE GLAMROCK BOWSER  My last thought is.. maybe Mario doesn't know his killing while destroying bricks coz his human and we wouldn't say objects feel and stuff.. but Idk about him hating on Luigi hmm..  P.s. I think Mario be better then Sonic (even tho didn't see all movies) and Pokemon movie..
Try not to pause challenge in a 1 second video (Impossible)
I predict that Mario will at one point say “I’m walking here” with a new York accent.
Day 4, watch confinement by Lord Bung
Goombas were not in the original Mario brothers arcade
Could you Atleast watch the video one time through before you pause it every second to analyze?
How come MatPat would be such a better voice actor for mario
MUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSIC MAAAAAAAAAAAAN REFRENCE.
Excited MatPat makes my day. 😄👍
MUSIC MAN!!!!!!
9:39 matpat and ash being Chris's braincells
You did not react to Luigi at the end
There something slightly off about Chris’s Mario voice but it’s a boy two lines that’s how much to judge off. After watching this relief in class most of my classmates agreed it’d take a whlie to a)accept that this is a movie and b) get used to Chris’ voice.   In the end I feel like this movie will be one of those film you know that movie that isn’t a 10/10 but not like the worst thing ever. Solidly a 5-7/10
crisp rat: *"growing up, man, i spent hours of my life stomping............................... koopas"*  me: *clearly*
The rough part about Chris Pratt is he was very obviously trying so hard to remember what they're called, but I feel like it isn't because he didn't play the game but because it was SO LONG ago that he doesn't remember. Poor guy XD
Mario’s voice is just right for that scene, we obviously skipped him and toad introducing themselves but it’s clear he’s cautious because he got launched out of a pipe
Quit hating on Chris Pratt 😂
I'm glad MatPat feels the same as I do with Chris's voice, it just doesn't suit the fun loving Mario ppl know
Here before one million views!
its funny that they spend like 10 minutes just making fun of chris pratt for physically buffering
It’s not really the voice for that line, it’s the delivery, which sounds like a line that was recorded specifically for the trailer.
Game Theory just taking Ws left and right
Don't know if anyone has said this before but the first Super Mario game happens AFTER Bowser has invaded.  All the mushroom flora was probably wiped out during said invasion.  Since Mario is showing up BEFORE the invasion I'd imagine a place called the Mushroom Kingdom looking like this.
Bowser: OPEN THE GATES!!!! Matpat: *walks in with a mario movie lore book*
there's emotional damage of Chris struggling to think Nintendo let alone mario lore oof
We need a movie or al least a scene, where we see TAS Mario.  I want to see Mario BLJ and wall jump around like a maniac and nobody else saying a word.
Hey paisanos
I think it can go well. It really depends on the performance. Chris is a good guy and has done well in all his movies. I don't think there is a reason to doubt him.
Mario weirdly looks like his voice from either hotel mario or the super show would fit him. Chris Pratt does not have either of those voices.
i think the initial reaction is better than the initial reaction to the first sonic trailer. but i think as long as chris pratt is playing mario the movie will not be as good as the sonic ones. no matter how much the other characters carry it, having the main character be that bad is a huge hindrance.
Chris Pratt said the Mario bros arcade game so him struggling to think of an enemy name is actually pretty fair, and thinking Koopas makes sense because turtles in the sewer.
It’s not fair… just because I’m not famous and have never met MatPat he think he can steal my theory.
That high pitch voice for 1:45-2hr would have me shoving an ice pick through my ears.
The penguin kingdom ISN'T from Illumination. It's a ref to Super Mario 64's penguin character. s
Clipped all the parts out of the Mario movie we didn’t even see your reaction we just saw you fear arising can you just watch something without pausing it!!!
Ya know, he did have dialogue in the newest luigis mansion and now that he has a voice in a movie...can't wait to hear him talk in spark of hope
Is no one going to talk about how Chris Pratt's weird "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come!" has almost a New York Accent to it?
Have a great day mat I saw this trailer last night
Okay… it’s a trained Brooklyn accent. Like he picked it up, but wasn’t born in Brooklyn. Fitting, seeing as he was originally born in the mushroom world/Dinosaur Island according to Super Mario World 2: Yoshi’s Island. Am I really the only one who is just super excited for more of it?! I love every voice I’ve heard so far! XD
I have a feeling that line is pulled from a much less energetic scene. I think Chris Pratt could do better for an energetic scene.
Its sad because its like we have such talented actor playing their character  like its them (ea: Bowser, toad). Then there Pratt who looks like hes just woke up and wanted to leave
Chriss Pratt has spent hours stomping.... Koopas.   What a man.
Everything seems super good in this Mario movie except for Mario himself
I feel like Mario’s voice is very middle ground between the game voice and animated shows voice, it has that tinge of Boston accent, combine with the higher pitch happy go lucky of “Itsa me a Mario”. I kinda like it it for that. And also his voice sounds very illumination studios-y
I didn't have an issue with either the voice or Pratt's brain fart. As someone who often struggles to remember even simple words, I actually feel sympathetic toward him.
The French voice actor for Mario is exactly how Chris Pratt should have been!
I honestly don't think Chris Pratt's Mario voice is that bad. While it's not as "accurate to the games", I'd honestly have an easier time listening to this kind of voice in a full length movie rather than a Mario "Mario" voice that just has an accent throughout the whole movie. XD
The thing that people say that chris is bad at the voice actibg isnt right, its only because we were used to hear the sound and the its a me mario and wanted to hear mario more italian but because im italian and i heared also the italian voice in the trailer i say that i want to see the movie in english and not in italian, before judgibg we need to see why they chose that voice cause chris is very good and now we only need to whait the movie cause i have positive expactation to the film, its the same thing that happened to sonic.
I don’t get the issue with “koopas 🤨” shits hilarious he’s just acting like theyre evil bc theyre the enemies in the game lmfao
Again with Chris pratt voicing Mario Chris did a amazing job this is the original normal voice of Mario he’s originally from Brooklyn New York and this movie literally takes place before Mario discovered the mushroom kingdom anyways I think everyone did a great job plus watch the super Mario super show
I loved this analysis! ❤️ I can't wait to see Bowser be a MUUUUUUUSIC MAAAAAN!
I feel bad for Chris not because of him, because of the fans. Everyone is split on his Mario voice and the on the spot speech skills, it is almost like bullying. Chris is trying his best.
I cringed so hard when @15:14 I saw sillykitten202’s comment “Who is Kiss?”
Does anyone thing we will get a "your princess is in another castle" montage?
I think it is a missed opportunity to have Mario say "momma mia" instead of "what us this place" when he first saw the mushroom kingdom.
I feel like we're seeing Mario at the very beginning of his journey. It's possible this was a choice made by all involved to progress him over the course of the movie to end up much closer to the Mario we all know and love by the end. Probably not, but it's possible.
I don’t fault Chris forgetting the name as much as I fault him for not preparing better, but I think the voice is just something that wouldn’t have worked no matter who, the game’s VA probably can’t do a whole film’s worth of dialogue in that voice and Chris is definitely being given direction so it’s not all on him. I think this movie will be better than sonic 1, not better than sonic 2
Apart from everything, I'm still amazed how accurate Bowser and Dry Bones look
Bruh, Chris Pratt’s voice definitely has a Boston accent, you straight up predicted it.
What he meant was Coopa trooper
I'm hyped
Whether or not Chris Pratt is a serious fan is debatable, but i really dont think this voice acting is so bad. Its maybe not what id expect, but we were told he wasnt gonna have his usual accent in advance, and i cant help but think this is just fine. Maybe not stellar, but not at all this horrendous laughable garbage everyones saying it is. Am i alone here?
16:57 nice
“He’s a construction worker” my guy that’s just as bad as “……… KOOPA”
That Chris Pratt moment was something you'd expect in a post credit bloopers of a Jackie Chan movie. Pretty much everyone who ever played Mario can tell, he never even glimpsed at Mario before. Well, still funny in it's own way. The one taking the cake in this one is not Mario but Bowser. Surprised Matpat doesn't have a browser extension to bring back dislike numbers.
25:18  "new dong city"
Why is Mario a combination of Mario and fix it Felix from wreck it Ralph
Toad doesn't serve confidence and aggression in english? in brazilian portuguese he's the icon for confidence and aggression, there's a whole pack of memes of Toad being aggressive in an old cartoon that are pure gold, it's part of our regular vocabulary to screech in toad voice "FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, STOP IT"
Why do I feel like your trailer was cut down. You sure you watched the complete one?
They should have leaned hard into the psychopathic mentality of Mario and done a full on deconstruction. That would have been epic!
miyamoto is nice year old
"How 'oild' is Miyamoto" great typos Matthew Patthew XD
Every 5 seconds
Chris 😂                                                                                                                                           …koopas.
I actually like Mario's disign
"Can you smell what the thwomp is cooking!"
I got the trailer for this Movie as an Add in this Video 😆
So obviously, the mario movie lore is set before everything, Mario's got no clue what's going on, bowser's after fricking power stars, and, the penguins, they were clearly escorted somewhere, otherwise mario 64 wouldn't have 4 penguins
18:39 gave me big _Mortal Engines_ vibes.
I hate that I am in the position of defending Chris Pratt, but he did say he was stomping koopas in the original Mario Bros arcade game. While those turtles weren't Koopas, there are no goombas in that game at all, just turtles, crabs, and flies.
Aslan from the Chronicles of Narnia also looked like a realistic Lion but they still put enough freedom in his Design to make him show Emotions
11:05 i think chris pratt meant the original "mario brothers" arcade game where there were not goombas only crabs and koopas
Chris Pratt clearly just sees this as a paycheck lmao. Couldn't even remember any of the enemy names.   "Yeah I played hours of Mario, stomping all those...........uhhhhhh..........Pikachu's"
They need to fix Mario's voice, the Italian voice actor did a better job.
I just want them to have Dry Bones in the movie they are my favorite Mario characters
imagine a guy get sucked into the game and ends up in mushroom kingdom or he's a plumber and falls in a pipe and comes out as mario in mushroom kingdom
That pillow is sus 👀
I didn't know that you were right about the whole Mario's from Brooklyn and he comes through a pipe to the Mushroom Kingdom but you were right because in the trailer Mario looks in astonishment and then says what is this place like he's from Brooklyn and he's seeing another world
I really hope Chris gets some better lines in the movie.  For a character that’s pretty much famous for being super expressive and jovial, Mario just sounds so bland here. Idk, like, is that really the best take you got from him?  Cause the thing is I can see what he’s trying to do, and honestly I want it to work because it actually could work.  For what it’s worth, though, this first look of Mario is FAR…FAR better then then the first look of the Sonic movie.
Mario’s design in the movie gives me a Wallace&Gromit vibe
They straight up made Mario into an average man. OMG it’s MANRIO
I think Matt is overreacting with some of his criticisms, I think over all it’s pretty much all good.    It’s pretty much as close to perfect you can get so far with it being a big Hollywood production.
I've seen so few reactions to this notice how BAD Pratt's little segment went. It's like his gray matter needed a reboot or fefrag
GOOMBAS!? MatPat, there were no Goombas in the arcade Mario Brothers!
40:34 musical side! Musical Side!!! *MUSIC MANNNNNNNNNN*
It seems like they are trying to base the voice off of the Mario show that I saw when I was a kid
So… Who here played arcade games at a laundromat like Chris Pratt? If you're not sure what a laundromat is, it's where you pay 25¢ a load to wash clothes, and another 25¢ a load to dry them.  Additionally… In the original English version of the Super Mario Brothers arcarde game, they weren't koopas; they were **Shellcreepers** — in the original Japanese version, they were just called turtles.
Growing up  Man I spent hours of my life stomping                                                                                                                                                                                    koopas
I love it when actors are passionate about the films they are part of
3d movies do better than 2d ones
well he did sound like that in the mario brothers super show the same kind of voice
It's more on the side of the Super Mario Super Show... Toad sounds too convenient for it NOT to take part in that era...
Better than sonic hands down!
Hey, at least he said koopas and not koopERs
You will understand why Chris Pratt is Mario.
The movie is perfect don’t judge it Matt Pat
the way chris pratt said "koopas" felt racially motivated 🤣
Every like gives Chris Pratt one more hour stomping............. Koopas
I've got a game theory for you, they are secretly making a video game to launch along side the movie based off the movie.   like the Lego movie the video game
Hello , i am very curious about something , can you play the bonelab game? Is can be great to see you playing it and make a theory of it , thanks for all Game Theory 😊
IT’S THE SUPER MARIO BROTHERS SUPER SHOW!!!
The first thing I thought when I saw the trailer was "wow matpat called it"🤣
Matpat starts the trailer pauses starts it agAin pauses starts it AGAIN AND PAUSES!
why mario looking and sounding like papa smurf
he looks like fix it felix from wreck it ralph
I don’t get the big reactions. His voice sounds fine.
MatPat does a more accurate voicing than Chris
i feel like Bowser will try to sing a heavy metal rockstar like song to try and get Peach to like him or whatever,i think Bowser kidnaps Peach so she can be a mom to Bowser Jr,and i wonder if Bowser Jr is gonna be in the movie?
MMMMMOVIE TRAILER!? OMG! THE FIRST TIME- ALSO Mario is so important to me bc I got a Nintendo DS with Mario and Luigi printed on it when I was 5, so this is super cool
Charles Martinet is in this too remember, doing cameos. I think he will be doing the iconic sounds of Mario in a way that mixes well with Pratt's voice and doesn't sound out of place.
MatPat back at it again with the red arrow surprised open mouth face thumbnail
His flame was never this powerful? Play Galaxy, Matthew.
If the movie does turn out to be a musical, I'd die if I just see Bowser start going:  "Ah-rah, dee soo-guh-goo-gee-goo-gee goo-guh fli-goo gee-goo guh fli-goo, ga-goo-buh-dee ooh, guh-goo-bee ooh-guh-guh-bee-guh-guh-bee fli-goo gee-goo a-fliguh woo-wa"
16:59 do you not see it?
A. Chris said original mario bros with only KOOPAS B. Bowsers fury is the large laser blast
If this is a Mario origin story he could become Italian at some point
If this is a Mario origin story he could become Italian at some point
Chris Pratt is giving people Tom Holland syndrome. Every spiderman in movies sounds the same, except for Tom, and that made me absolutely fucking despise him before I even watched the first MCU movie he was in. Got like... 10 or 20 minutes in, and his voice was perfectly fine. This is the same thing, people over reacting an all that.
You should do bfdi it has some interesting theory
Am I the only one that feels like Mario not being the most interesting character is on purpose? Like a Samurai Jack approach?
Would you stfu and stop pausing it every 5 sec and wait until the trailer is over to give your opinion on it? 😮
Mario Isekai
Okay the headcanon is now that Mario is doing a Chriss Pratt impression during the whole movie.
Couldn't he have watched the trailer first before analysing? Was 2 minutes in silence too much?
"mUsHrOoM kInGdOm HeRe We CoMe.."
theory: goombas arent apart of bowser’s army and are just a natural enemy like yoshi but angry
3 mil subs!!!  FOR MATPAT!!!
I think we need to start calling Mickey, Boat Mouse. Make great content, get money!
I think he was affraid to reveal that the goombas are in this movie
I don't think Pratt's Mario is that bad I think it is actually fine but crazy meme monkeys like to make jokes
Why not say here we go 🤦🏽‍♀️ Chris part u had one job that’s all you had to say
There are no Goombas in the game he was talking about though.
8:30 timestamp, I don't think Chris Pratt was buffering because he forgot what Koopas were. I think he was getting into character because he wanted to say "Koopas" in Mario's voice. For MatPat this should be a little clearer. If you want to switch between your own voice and a character for 1 word and then back again, there will be a natural pause in there. I may be alone here but I think the New York accent still works on Mario's character.
Ricky Martin impersonator
One thing I'll give slack is MAYBE he meant playing the old Mario Bros where it is Koopa since he mentioned arcade.
Mario already exist in this Universe, but its actually Chris prat that got isekaied into mario, so this version of voice for mario is canonicly ok, but its verry bad for the movie itself.
Minecraft
Bowser’s voice is great especially since it feels like it did when he talked in Super Mario Sunshine
I feel like I should talk to my therapist about the rancid dark vision I had of this movie 😂 I thought it'd be life action and super blockbusterised, no overalls just regular work clothes from the hardware store, Chris Pratt being a beefy af Mario, no moustache.... no Italian accent... I'm mad about that one, give him an accent!
Even my mom complained about Chris Pratt 😭
Movie looks great imo matpat has had the most negative thoughts I've seen so far which is good news imo
Did anyone else get a Mario movie add while watching this.
I don't feel like that was hesitation about what koopas were called. Most people would say goombas but he specifically wanted to talk about the arcade cabinet. And he was clearly coming up with what to say on the spot.  It really didn't feel like over 40 mins live.
I hope they have a sequence in the movie about Mario going job-to-job referencing all his NES cameos
Mario has to chubby of cheeks
How about instead of Mario being from NY / Boston we have him be french instead and bring in the french voiceactor for the English version instead?
I had forgotten how grating this dude was
So glad I won’t be watching this movie in English so Mario might have a chance to sound good-
iPhone theme painting and you know painting I
KOOPAS DEROGtory omg
I mean, rip on Chris, but he is right. You did stomp on Koopas in the arcade game. But I think they were just turles and crabs
Maybe they made a "IRL Mario" scene, then he went in a tube or smth. And the "IRL Mario" was a bit chubby. So that why Mario looks like that.  (No I haven't watched Matt's theory, yet.)
the mario movie multilanguage videos are gonna be wild
Mario sounds like an npc in skylanders
The mushroom kindom here we come gives me the one Pinocchio movie mc Pinocchio vibes.
With everyone whining and mocking the choice for Pratt as Mario, I knew nobody would give it a chance.  This is just pathetic.  People forget Martinet isn't the only OR original Mario voice.
oh right has anyone else seen the monster hunter legends of the guild on netflix that Illumination worked on? I'd say that was a true knock out of the park so yeah I am super hopeful for this movie  I'll still be cheering more for bowser than Mario though
I'M SUPER EXCITED!!!
even matpat done dissing chris pratt
I just think of Marios voice from the Supershow when I hear his voice in the trailer, and I like it honestly ^w^
43:00
Chris Pratt talks, all I hear is Emmet from the Lego Movie.  🤣  Wonder how they're going to fit Donkey Kong into this. It does look really cool though.
love the chapter title: koopas (derogatory)
Love Jackblack 🥹
Here's a theory for you: Chris Pratt is NOT Mario. We see in the games (starting in M64) that Mario's hat has magical abilities to transform him. What if the hat is a magical totem of sorts that can be passed around and whoever wears the hat "becomes" Mario. Maybe it doesn't work on toads, so whenever the Mushroom Kingdom is in danger the toads find a human to wear the hat and "become Mario." Each Mario then may retain some of the facial or body features of the original person. ,This may explain the voice and the difference in his face. This might also make the movie better (and Mario make sense!) overall. I Imagine a visual joke wherein Mario loses his hat and Bowser or Luigi pick it up!
luigi gonna shame mario VA
Chris Pratt made a great Bob Hoskins impression...  His voice coincides perfectly with political correctness. 🙄
I could see the Chris Pratt koopas being an intentional joke. I mean, look at your reactions, the whole internet is probably the same. I sometimes purposely say something wrong for humor.
Mushroom kingdom here we come.. hey i am walking here
This is the first time Matpat's theory was actually confirmed which we never gotten in any of the FNAF games. Come on Scott let Matpat's theory be correct of what you're doing with  the FNAF lore.
For the song
I would not mind less mario and more luigi
Bowser could dress up in a tux like Mario odyssey
Mario is actually canonically around 25 lmao
I do want to see a Captain Toad easter egg!!
Does matpat not remember the first Mario bros. in arcades because koopas where well before goombas existed
pls check ur steam
Don't Hug me I'm Scared theory  The piano lady Lesley could be controlling the puppets but at the end of last episode we saw another door so she is not above all. Maybe she's responsible from songs. Her temper might be the reason all the teachers weird angry comebacks and why they ignore their comments.  Red Guy: We're going to miss our show Tony the Talking Clock: Don't be stupid, friends  I use my hair to express myself That sounds really boring I use my hair to express myself   Computer and Tony the clock was really nice this time. At the Family episode the green apple came and started to sing but those kids bite and throw it. There were a song after that.At the end Roy came the house and you know...  He lightly pushed his son. I don't know is he capable of affecting the reality. He was on the set wall at original series when Duck attacked camera. I'm not sure is he evil or bad father.   One of the Brain Friends of Yellow Guy was his shy brother. Who followed him to real world. Yellow Guy was almost faint when he saw him. Someone named David is passed away.  Lesley told Yellow Guy that he's not her REAL son. At first I thought David is real Yellow Guy and she created that world by some puppet soul magic(I can't wait to hear MatPat to say it's so FnAF) or by memory of him from Lesley but she knew that he's not her REAL son.   But all of this show is torturing the Yellow Guy and his friend. Maybe he's the reason of the car accident that we saw at Transportation episode. The little baby pigeon is his Brother David. She's punishing him and she don't see him as her son anymore like Moon Knight's mom. But she might be a puppet too, idk.Yellow Guy is the one who dig Duck back. They don't know their own names.  Is Clay Hill is not exist anymore because the creators abondened that idea and it's little joke and Easter egg
Anybody else see the star on top of the pipe that Mario came from
i spent hours stomping those rupees
Matpat did the Shirley voice
Chris is tying to do the mario voice from the super mario super show
MATPAT THERES A NEW DHMIS VIDEO
Hahaha, I am glad I am gonna see this in german. They usually do well with voice acting. Or at least I hope they do well
XD 🤣
how is my dad 11 years older then miyamoto!? im 20, my dad's 80, that alone is big, and now i find out my dads older then miyamoto, somehow that feels just, weird.
Honestly I have a weird take but I think it would work soooo well. So my take is that use the Chris Pratt voice on Earth?? in New York or New Donk City but change to Charles Martinet when they get to the mushroom kingdom world and have him realize his voice got changed cause of the new atmosphere or something along those lines
Yknow in the movie and tv series hes actually from nyc but the games give him an italian accent and thats why he doesnt have any dialougue in the games. Thats my take tho.
Tbh I'd rather have Tom Kenny or Rob Paulson as Mario. Nothing against Chris but he doesn't seem to be able to do the "Wahoo" or "Letsa go" from the games well; something yakko warner or spongebob's actors could do hands down.  I'm guessing they wanted someone younger, but the french voice actor was spot on!
Ok but why did he skip over the penguins entirely?
dwayne the thwomp johnson
The I know the penguins are og Mario characters but I only remember them from Mario Kart.
44:17 was that matt's neck making that sound ???? OMG
Weren’t koopas the main enemy, in the original Mario arcade game, not the NES abut the arcade?
I don't think the "Here we come!" phrase is wrongly executed, if the story is as we think, we are talking about a middle-aged italian plumber suddenly at a mushroom filled world who has talked to a living mushroom and presented him Mushroom kingdom.
LOVE THIS SO MUCH , love how Matpat feels happy he's right!!!
Growing up I spent hours of my life stomping                                                      Koopas
I think everything was fine in the trailer. Didn't mind the voicework, seemed fine to me.
you look like the guy that would talk for 10 hours about a detail 90% of the people making it didn't even know it existed
Chris on something?
ADD WALUIGI TO THE MOVIE
this is unrelated but is that a Spy x Family fanart with Matt, Steph, and Oliver in the background?? thats so cute! 😭💕
OMG MATPAT I WAS PLAYING UNDERTALE AND NOW THE RIVERPERSON SAYS ''Beware of the man who came from the other world''!!!!
Idk why put Chris Pratt sounds like he is giving Mario a New Yorker accent (like those ones in movies)
This entire thing is just matpat making fun of everyone
Credit where it's due I do somewhat buy the idea that trailers are being used as relatively free audience testing demos, and most of MatPat's judgements after that was brought up I actually pretty much entirely agree with. I would also consider however that they deliberately used such a terrible line read to manufacture controversy for free promotion, and they already have the lines recorded entirely different. Big shoutout to Ash, with the biggest brain of their self, my self and MatPat with the suggestion it could actually be a legitimate blunder and that was a literal no-notes first read they put in for space saving audio that was supposed to be replaced but happened to be forgotten. Brilliant application of Hanlon's Razor.
I hear the New York Italian accent in the “M” ending words
MattPat be like:the fortune teller  If someday there will be a movie about Zelda breath of the wild  Mattpat can be the fortune teller or Ravi...ehm Revali
I think that this toad it the bandana waddle dee equivalent to the toads and that’s why he is all around a more defined character.
What if we made a petition for Charles to completely dub Pratt’s voice and make the Mario we actually deserve?
19:47 WHY did y'all Skip the penguins
It's apparently unprofessional for a Big bad Tyrant to go out in a *Clown Mobile*
42:08 literally about to say that he reminds me of Braun Strowman (wwe wrestler)
20:25 Where do you think the _Pinguin Suit_ from "Super Mario Bros Wii" come from ?
BONE LAB LORE MR X IS IN IT
Charles Martinet's name always make me laugh, because in french martinet is the name of an internationally famous sextoy whip. You'll NEVER see Mario the same way now. You're Welcome
I'm really disappointed with this reaction  we didn't even see Matt's full reaction to the trailer. Which is weird because it's a reaction video.
The trailer isn't even long enough to judge mario voice in my opinion.
when you talk about his voice... just remember Bob Hoskins was one of the best Marios ever...
This video SCREAMS clickbait even though I know it's true.
why was so    much skipped
By all means Chris' voice isn't great, not as great as Bowser's or Toad's, but it aint like i hate it either - as in it'll probably just grow on me, get used to it. Not like it'll ruin the whole film or whatever - besides i'd prefer this for however long the movie than how he sounds like in the games, now that would be annoying. Also the actual mario voice actor will have an easter egg or whatever, was talked about in the cast announcement for the film.
Genuine question to matpat, which influenced you stronger to get where you are today? Mario or FNAF?
Mario is from the real world anyway ,it's one of the most  known things about the franchise .
"Here.. we... come" kind of makes sense for a reluctant hero that *just got there* tbh.
Maybe this is mario without a mushroom. Give him a mushroom and it might fix the aspect ratios.
Chris looks like me when I'm trying to remember mid way through a conversation what I was going to say 😂   This mans brain is doing the same thing mine does, its like a windows screen saver, just bouncing back and forth across a blank screen
Changes Sonic's voice: Everyone liked that Changes Mario's voice: Nobody liked that
Looking really good so far despite my worries of Mario
I have a feeling penguins were chosen for mere fire/ice juxtaposition, and the orange(but more red orange) and blue contrast. Their first "attack" being to throw snowballs was ) _little_ funny, but I did like the exaggerated, "cartoonish" amount of fire he was breathing. And hamming up those final lines was a clear, but nonetheless effective choice
In Chris’s defense I loved and played Mario games, but do forget basic names and such if you asked me to talk about it on the spot. 😢I be confused and be like “the little brown mushrooms”
It’s kinda strange that the voice director would agree and tell Chris to make a voice like that for Mario, since the voice director would obviously instruct Chris on what type of voice to make right?
10:57 I mean, this is actually one of the parts of the clip indicating he might actually be telling the truth here...  He's explicitly talking about Mario Bros Arcade, which is the one with the koopas infinitely coming out of pipes... You don't jump _on_ them though, but rather hitting them from underneath a platform.
Hey Matpat! I have a suggestion for a Roblox game for you to play! It's not got any lore, but it's pretty cool!  The Rake Remastered! Whenever it's day, your okay, Whenever it's night get ready to hide. Basically a survival horror game!
wait don't the koopalings do music?
"when has bowsers fire been so powerful" Smash Bros: am I a joke to you?
Since that trailer, Am I the only one who would prefer to stay captured by Bowser instead of being « save » by Mario if I was Peach ? 🤣🤣   Bowser is epic in it and now we know he will sing ?! OMG !! Just that make me want to see that movie right now 😁 ….. *looking at Lego store* Neeeed that Mighty Bowseeeeer 🤩❤️
It's a little sad that if this movie fails it will be because of Mario....  Miyamoto will obviusly create a great story for the film, Jack is entusiastic, let's face it he gives his all..... only one who doesn't seem to be giving it a 100% is Chris Prat
I don't mind Mario's more 'real' design but I'm worried for Peach. If they establish she was born there and not in the real world, a realistic design won't suit her.
To be fair the original Mario Bros arcade game only had koopas. Though i don't know for certain if they were officially called koopas at the time. Also i thought Mario was from Brooklyn.
Also thinking about 'Smile' as an interesting movie to theorize about, a lot of different things could've been going on. Highly recommend it, pretty good! :)
Still thinking of seeing the movie, but personally not the biggest fan of Chris Pratt's voice for Mario and the animation feel it is looking like a Disney animation look.
Toad is clearly the Lord of the Garden, since he quotes the words of said Lord in the most recognizable story on Earth: 'Don't touch it, or you'll die'. Is that supposed to slyly imply that the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge was really a psychedelic mushroom?
Chris's Mario voice has a slight Brooklyn accent, and I did see nods to the Super Mario Bros Super Show so I do think that Illumination took some inspiration from that show.
Given Jack has his own channel here on the platform and such, I bet it would be a lot easier to get ahold of him for a colab than you think!!
Really stretched 5 minutes into 45, I hate this video
Thank God in my country Mario voice actor is doing the same Italian accent as in the games
Petition to get matpat to voice Mario /j
I like how mat has to link everything to fnaf
Congrats on being number 13 on trending
I'm actually afraid for chris' mario voice in the actual movie 😨😨😨. No offense to him tho
To everyone saying "He was probably talking about the original Mario Bros. game that didn't have Goombas!" I will remind you that the original Super Mario Bros. game, Goombas and all, was ALSO available as an arcade cabinet. So, there's that.
Mario is a problematic character in itself, it’s a character based on a derogatory joke that now a days we don’t acknowledge because he is iconic, but the new generation is a little radical in that aspect.  If Chris Pratt tried to sound like Mario’s he’d probably get canceled and I’m pretty sure the company doesn’t want that. I think they are trying to change Mario to be less of a racial stereotype
Man this jumped around so much for a trailer reactions
i feel like chris pratt didnt even wanna be mario
Your'e toad voice sounds like austen
I kinda wanna know when matpat was reacting to the Mario movie trailer and most of it was cutout
So I want to give Chris the benefit of the doubt and wait for one more trailer with voice lines from him to judge his mario. Jake we all knew he would probably steal the spotlight as a bowser from the beginning to me it just fits way too well. So far even if mario doesn't improve bowser is already carrying the film so looking forward to it. If it will be as good as sonic tho idk but hope it doesn't fall victim to the downside of the second sonic film I feel they lent too much into the game side and the memes which slightly ruined that film for me so I hope they get the balance of gamey side so it's present but so much so that's it's distracting from the plot of the film if you get what I mean
It’s better than the rumor that spread at my work that the rock was playing yoshi
Wait how long has the yellow among us dude been in the couch?
11:00 So the thing about using Koopa instead of Goomba is that he's talking about the original Mario Bros arcade game, which doesn't have Goombas but does have Koopas(or rather an enemy that would inspire the Koopa). I feel like the pause was him about to say Goombas but remembering they aren't in that game.
I love that MatPat sort of grabbed at the same Theory I did that they may be doing the same thing that the Sonic Trailer did. Whether or not the Sonic Trailer did it intentional or not, it had a LOT of publicity because of how bad the trailer was, and it was free publicity too. The uproar brought change to the movie or at least we think that it did, so Nintendo could of saw that and thought 'it worked then, maybe it will work here too'. Nintendo ain't stupid and not to mention the whole 'rivalry' they like to show between Mario and Sonic from games to out in the real world. I wouldn't be surprised if they tried to do it for Movies now too.
Matpat has not played Super Mario Galaxy enough if he thinks that Toad isn't comedic relief of the highest order
Yo what, in the German trailer Toad says the line when they jump towards mushroom kingdom lol, even makes more sense, like why would Mario be thrilled to go there having just been teleported there at random.
I don't know why but Chris Pratt's Mario sound like King Candy/Turbo from Wreck-it-Ralph, to me.
BRUH JUST WATCH IT STOP PAUSING
mario and luigi approximately entered the mushroom kingdom at the same time in the previous movie and the old tv show in both they were plumbers that lived in Brooklyn from this trailer and matpat saying new Donk city it seems the origin story would be a little different if the producers have played the first 5 games (mario bros (not super) and lost levels included) and read the manuals then they should know what they’re doing
i also spent hours stomping                                                                                                                                                                                            koopas
If jackbalck went more than one time at good mithycal morning, he surely can go to gtlive !
MUSIC BOWSER MAN. YES. I need a remix of the Music man meme mixing it with the best song of the movie when it comes out 40:46
To be honest I am for once just upset with his overanalyzing banter. Like, I appreciate his analyzing skills but maybe watch FIRST and THEN analyze?? He's so focused on throwing out his thoughts and making the trailer fit his own narrative that he just ignores a lot that it gives. Not to mention that he had the "let's rip this apart" attitude even before watching anything.  I sometimes feel like MattPat's content is forever stuck on this rollercoaster that goes from "good analysis, relatable content, humble attitude and overall very fun times" to "god complex, I know everything about everything, I've studied theatre so I know it all, everyone else and their opinions are laughable, I am The Man".  He really seems to be on the overdone confidence hill right now and it's gonna bring him hate from people again.
Mario Is An Isekai.
When the imposter is sus!
If you want a good voice for Mario, go watch it in french
GRRRRRRRDAMN I LOVE STOMPING THOSE…     KOOPAS!😂
I love that there's a comment from Chris Pratt saying this was the voice decided on after lots of work and testing. So either this was the best he was willing to do or the best he could do and any other accent was worse. Either way not great
I can already tell Chris is gonna be the Pauly shore of the movie
I bet Chris Pratt won't get as many dislikes as the new Little Mermaid...
I fell like that the toad shown in the trailer is captain toad
There werent any goombas in the original mario bros game.
12:50 MatPat should actually be the voice for thwomp, that was spot on
there's a reason why people like chris and why movies hire the man, but chris does not belong in this movie, im especially talking about what matt was talking about. chris is not enthusiastic about this movie, he does what he has to do so he can get paid, he doesnt care at all
Also I cannot wait to hear the italian voiceover of the film. Italy has comically bad voiceovers.
genuinely hoping they're just testing out the voice for mario too see what works lmao. either that, or his voice slowly changes through out the movie or something
What I'm hoping for is that Charles Martinez will voice Wario and Waluigi, and that they're small recurring nuisances while mario and luigi are trying to stop bowser
fun fact, french dub mario sounds more like mario than english mario
MARIO WITH SMOL EYES WHAT. (Just re-use the Odyssey model...)
"koopas (derogatory)"
In an ideal world, Mario has his new York accent at the start but something happens in the mushroom kingdom and we get the voice we all know and love.
March 30th 2023
When Chris said Koopas he was talking about the original arcade game, goombas weren't in it
A potential theory - the mario in this movie is a different mario and that's why he sounds different, but assuming he comes from new york/donk city, he would look more human
Maybe, but this is just a maybe, the voice won't be that bad, because if mario comes from tye real word, he will sound like that at the beginning and changing his voice would be eaven more weird.
Hot take I really like Marios voice here
Mat-rio??
I don’t care about the voice of Mario it’s a Super Mario Bros. Movie it’ going to be for me awesome great job Everybody and thank you Mat Pat for the Theorys and I think Nintendo loves you’re Videos too can’t Wait to see he movie and the Theorys
Bro we can never escape. The internet needs to meme to thrive, but the meme is what casts Chris Pratt, and Chris Pratt just plays himself whenever he gets a character. We just keep spawning Crisp Rats
matpat dont pause the trailer every 2 seconds challenge (impossible)
I get the voice being weird, but so was Martinet's when Mario 64 came out. I'm guessing that it will be Pratt's voice for drawn out conversation and they will use Martinet's voice for smaller audio bits. Like getting hurt or falling.
Chris pratt is in a different mushroom kingdom
mario day is March 10th  MAR10
The wizard guy sounds like my grandpa
Yesterday i rote a comment on matpats theory video and i said the same thing.
What are you talking about ? Mario Looks just like Mario
Penguin respect
Its A me a Mario
Officially, this is my least favorite video
Charles martinet is in the cast so he might voice mario after he meets peach
It's a Me... aMario.
The problem is that the people running these studios grew up during the 70s and 80s, and say "Adults will look down on it unless they look more human". Forgetting that parents nowadays were kids in the 90s. The parents are dragging their kids to these shows, not the other way around
MatPat's Mario voice is literally 10x better than Chris Pratt's portrayal 😂
I think what might have happened is Pratt gained some inspiration from the live action Mario Bros. Super Show with Lou Albano as Mario. Sounds a lot like what he brought to the table. I mean, it's not good, but I think that's where he got this specific voice from.
To be fair, I don't believe there were Goombas in the original Mario Bros arcade game.
I really hope it actually is predicted to be a Musical. We need a Bowser villain song immediately!!
Is it just me or does Pratt sound like he’s doing an impression of Danny Divito?
Sounds like Chris is trying for more of a “Lou Albano” and less of a “Charles Martinet”
I don't know about the Japanese version, but in the German direct, we had the exact same English actors that talked to us about how mich they love stomping... koopas. Which is sad, considering German voice actors usually don't get nearly enough love. What is also weird is how in the German direct, they showed the English trailer with subtitles and just slapped the German logo at the end (and they left out the English name dropping before Luigi), but literally minutes later, Universal dropped the German dubbed trailer. Like, why didn't they just use it in the direct??  (And, about the Stomping Koopas: He talks about the "Mario Bros." Arcade game. The only enemies in that game were weird crab things and Koopas, no Goombas in sight)
Oh no my Pat is being critical about the movie before even actually seeing the movie I thought this is supposed to be a reaction to the trailer not a f****** football play-by-play that usually happens after the reaction is over
The buffering chris pratt take feels like Ryan Reynold's spoof pikachu bit
Same actor as the one that plays star lord
Watch Mario in the cold open be an actual plumber
I heard Charlie Day make a Luigi noise and I already know he's probably the best voice acting choice. I gotta hear Charlie just let out some hilarious screams for Luigi.
i feel like this will be worse then sonic
I feel like Bowser's island castle is based more on the Paper Mario Flying Fortress Bowser used to lift up Peach's castle in Paper Mario 64. Kinda an odd choice considering Miyamoto doesn't like the Paper Mario franchise since he doesn't like RPGs or that someone else made a Mario game.
Legit made mario look like he's from the Grinch movie (the illumination one)
This being a Nintendo product, I think I'll skip the dub and go straight for subbed 😅🙃 Mario sounds like Joey from Yuguoh
I spent HOURS of my life stomping kupas-
The sonic movie is happenning again only this time its both the visuals and the voice!!! Sonic team remade Sonic because of the backlash and we got a really solid movie. I just hope that they have enough budget left to hire someone else for mario and change his looks because right now he looks like a plastic costume the mushrooms look like they are made out of cloth etc. etc. . Alsooooo this is the first time we have heard Bowser vocally speek right? He could always speak but all we mostly heard was him laughing in games we have never heard him actually speak. Yeah I lost my mind when I first watched the trailer. I love his voice.
the voices upset me tbh, but maybe i just had a very specific idea for their voices--
Anyone else getting irritated at MatPat just pausing the trailer repeatedly???
The mario movie is an isekai
I think they may be pulling a "nightmarefuel sonic" stunt to get the movie extra press before they "fix it"
Poor Nicob's homeland got invaded
MUSIC MANNNNNNNNNN
It is a me...   A mario 😐
So Chris, for this take we want you to do your best Harley Quinn impression, okay?
The 'mushroom kingdom' line sounds like it's from a different scene, tbh
You skipped so much good stuff
I think I know why Charles Marttenet couldn't be Mario cause if you listen to his voice lines it's usually just a word or grunt such as Oof, Mama mia, Ya hoo but not full sentences in the games so I think Nintendo and Illumination had to pick someone to do Mario and Chris pratt just offered the role.
French Mario guys
this video is 46 minutes.....and you could not keep in the TOTAL reaction of the 2.26 minutes trailer?
might have also gone for koopas for the transition to king of koopas or something
mario`s face just looks like mario irl video where i kid says super mario in real life and then theres just a timelaps of making mario`s face with real life objects like hair and the realistic nose you kno
My theory on why mario sounds like that at the *here we come* line Its probelly taken from a difrent part of the movie
suggestion for roblox games (horror)  3008  evade  JUDY  the mimic  Us are toys  Hope you find these games interesting!!! Love ur videos!!!! Cant wait to see what's next!!!
mario is dead its just maro now
Mario has comitted at least five warcrimes.
Did Mat really just ask if Bowser island was rocket propelled? The world this is based on has levitating bricks, broomriding spellcasters, and costumes that grant powers.
Thumbnail: I KNEW IT TOAD IS IN THE MARIO MOVIE!
But will it be better than Mario Warfare?
I am probably wrong....but it seemed to me like it was the mushroom guy that was saying "mushroom kingdom here we come"
37:40 can confirm, on tumblr every meme or review ive seen is "mario sounds awful but bowser and luigi are incredible"
Here's my overanalysis of Chris Pratt's intro: It's clear that he only played Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. and that's it, and I know why. Back in his time, video games were marketed as toys. And toys were something you were expected to grow out of, so he stopped playing after Super Mario Bros. because he "Grew out" of video games at that time. I mean the dude even pulls the classic boomer trope of calling the NES a "Nintendo."
"I finally found IT" implies there's only one star
Just watched the trailer in French and our cast and the animation are amazing I love it so far !
I wouldn't be surprised, when we only see some Goombas or none at all. Bowser is King Koopa, his soldiers are the Koopas, not the Goombas.
The Game Theory part of your mind, and the Film Theory part of your mind, just collapsed upon hearing Mario's voice.
I still really think they fucked up with Chris
WHAT IF!!!!!! Bowser somehow shrinks Mario... Shrinking him would make Mario's voice I'm assuming higher pitched, making it more of the typical game Mario voice
Mat talking about how Mario needs to be more New York while I’m just screaming HES ITALIAN
U look like dream
Koopa in polish sounds like kupa, Kupa means 💩
Also Mario "Jumpman" Video (his original name was actually Mr. Video, not Jumpman, so I'll always go with Video being his actual surname) actually does have a few bits of personality, he's shown to be someone who loves adventure, he's excessively courageous (he enjoys diving head first into problems to find the solution, I'd like to clarify that he it doesn't mean he shoves his face into clogged pipes to see what's wrong), one who likes to help others and enjoys the presence of his family and friends, enjoys the thrill of things and is one . But others than that he's quite blank.
I think everyone is being over critical. Mario is the hardest to voice. He can't be a racist Italian voice. Like let us be honest. Especially when it's not even really canon that he sounds like that.
The Bowser movie looks great
My theory: Illumination are baiting all of us. They give us a trailer with this Mario voice, but when the actual film releases, we hear Chris Pratt's REAL Mario voice and it's amazing.
Matpat is the most negative response I've seen to this trailer
I'm hopeful! But yeah, that Mario voice isn't working for me yet...hoping it's better in the full movie 😂
Since I couldn’t comment this on the actual trailer rofl: After watching the trailer, I’m actually excited for the movie now! Like I’m legitimately looking forward to the movie and am curious about the rest of it.   In regards to this video though, I actually didn’t mind Chris Pratt’s voice in it. After you pointed it out, I do agree the “Here we come!” Line needs more enthusiasm, but aside from that, I don’t dislike his Mario voice. That’s also because I didn’t actually expect him to sound Italian though 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Kinda forgot your theory on the movie was just that, a theory, so I was fully expecting a not classic Mario voice.   Mario’s FACE though, I don’t like how they changed his look. It just isn’t quite right. Would much rather have a classic Mario look but with extra polishing, like you said with Bowser.   All in all though, I’m looking forward to more content for the movie and the movie itself!!!
In case, good for you MatPat!!
Is it me, or does Chris start sounding like James Corden at the end there?
First mario game (the arcade one) did not had goombas, there was koopa, crabs, flies, and stuff like that.
Why didn't they hire Charles Martinet? And with that i don't mean that high voice, but a mix. I heard interviews of him. He sounds good. He would be worked into the character. And it would've potential for genuine nostalgia moments.
I would rather of had Danny Davito play Mario it be better then this
Ok so I already have thoughts on chris pratt , it doesnt even feel like he tried , like the animation is amazing , alot of detail , amazing bowser,  toad  and Luigi,  even mario looks good but the voice , I hope he doesnt ruin the immersion
No offence to Chrus Pratt, I like hom as a comedic actor. But I think the original voice actor would've been a great choice
I like to pretend the longer he is there the mire Italian he will become. But in truth he is British.
I think rob paulson would have been a better mario
Mario looks a bit like Fix it Felix cosplaying as Mario imo
Why is there so much content missing from the whole trailer? I was looking forward to see the reaction to the penguins
My god dyslexia moment, i read the hashtag on the ghost drawing behind Matt as #giveup instead of #gtlive. Was wondering why this cute ghost was telling me to givw up with a hashtag
The mario voice is not THAT bad...
matpat the legond
Toad would SO be confident and aggressive! They gotta have some sass from being thrown around and used as shields all the time.
I'm guessing luigi and Mario both fall down pipes and end up in different locations
Cris Pratt was a mistake,they should have brought back the Original Mario VA
MatPat, a better mario VA than Pratt
34:30 EGGZAAAACTLY!!!
Am i the only one that thinks Kamek is the TRUE villain of the movie? Maybe surprising us with some Yoshi Island Lore?
I am optimitic about Bowser, he probably can pull a Robotnik and become the most interesting character of the movie while being the antagonist. I am good with Luigi, it was mostly just a teasing snippet of reactions and running away, but seemed fine and well done. I am fine with Captain Toad, unexpected, but boy I am glad they didn't keep the super raspy voice. I am worried about Chris Pratt I don't know if he'll fits in the movie with more context. I also wish that Mario will show up at some point.
You’re just only complaining 🤦
5:52 Sounds really familiar
Does no one remember the animated show?! I loved Super Mario Bros super show
congrats on the predictions bro!!!!
Matpat should voice Mario.
It's hilarious none of the Mario fandom didn't get that Chris Pratt was talking about the shellcreepers from the arcade Mario Bros. They literally are a sprite of koopas called something different so y'all definitely owe him an apology lol 😂 I can tell y'all love to find anything on Chris and be wrong asf. NGL I hate how y'all didn't even do any research lmao, lowkey annoying
18:09
25:28 if he's a construction worker and not a plumber, I hope we'll get to see the Super Mario Maker outfit 😀
23:38 He looks weird because they infused Chris Pratts face and face expressions just like bowser and Jack if you pay very close attention. Trust me watch the trailer a few times.
To me, the feel of the trailer makes this movie more of a "Smurf" situation, just the other way around.  If you haven't seen it, within a beginning of the first Smurf movie, a group of the Smurfs fall into a magic blue moon portal and gets transported into the real world from their more cartoony world.  I suspect that in this movie, Mario is in the "real world" for the opening, before he randomly or maybe on purpose, get teleported to the Mushroom Kingdom and his journey is going to be that he either wants to go home or really doesn't want to go home.  Edit to make my thoughts more clear :)
0:54 Sounds like that specific Disney Mouse trying to imitate Mario lol
Is koopa a bad word or somn
💖
You spent 10 minutes over how he did a 3 second pause and I think its funny
he says koopas because he says the original mario brothers arcade game which only has koopas no goombas
It really does seem like Chris Pratt doesn't care much about this role
Mario be looking like Fix it Felix in the face
Mario looks like he was made by the people who made wreck it Ralph
I have a feeling that Chris wasn't allowed to give an Italian accent (fake or not) due to the "backlash" the movie would have gotten for doing such a thing (West customs and whatnot), tho I only feel this was a Nintendo of America thing only since the Portuguese and French versions lean in into the fake Italian accent a bit more thus sounding better, I'm confident that NoA said no to the accent while other countries said yes to it.
If they end up fixing Mario's voice (either by coaching or replacing Pratt), then it might be at least on par with the Sonic movies.  But right now, as the general consensus states, Mario in the Super Mario Bros Movie coming out in 2023, needs a LOT of work.  Like you said, Chris Pratt was a brave man to take the mantle and that paycheck, but I agree with you that they could've just gotten Martinet to do it with less cartoony vibes.  Right now all these lines are just...  Flat.  Jack's great as Bowser, the Penguin armada is fantastic, Aspiring Captain Toad is great...  Luigi's got the cowardice thing going on as is tradition (other than small grunts and screams of fear we haven't heard a voice out of him yet so I'm hesitant to give him a rating).  Mario...  If this is indeed take 1 voice lines and just a teaser trailer that Nintendo threw out for us to react to, I am not impressed with Pratt's work.  He needs more emotion and flair to his lines to even be on par with everyone else.  On top of that, if the movie is indeed going to have music in it where Bowser and Peach sing (duet or otherwise), then Mario's voice needs to be on par with them as well, which brings Luigi's up to bat next after that.  Seth Rogen as DK is...  questionable as a cast pick, but having heard nothing about him yet from main releases there's nothing to judge on so that's okay.  And Peach's VA is also missing in the teaser trailer, so can't judge her either.  Overall...  Everything's great, except Mario.  Either by coaching Pratt to do better (make it less flat, more cartoony, about 50-70% of Martinet's voice), or straight up replacing him WITH Martinet and having Charles tone down the cartoony inflection (by at most 30%), Fix your title character!  Or you could go the opposite route and have everyone else's performances drag down with Pratt's (currently) horrid Mario impression so that out of all the VA's his sounds the best, but you wouldn't do that...  would you...?
Me: **Screaming** *"MUSIC MAN!"* 40:36 MAT: *_*Also Screams 6 seconds later*_* *"Music Man!"* 40:42 Me: "Great minds thing alike."
As much as Nintendo is supervising the production, They probably want Illuminations to take some liberties just like when Nintendo allowed Activision to make there on version of Bowser and Donkey Kong for Skylanders. I'm still waiting to see the full movie before I truly judge it.
Me when matpat pauses the video every second:😐
It’s Mario’s eyes. They look too mascot-y, like it’s a mask
He said stomping koopas instead of goombas because goombas weren’t in the og mario bros arcade game which he is talking about.
I'm going with my theory, and they are pulling a Marvel by switching out Chris's real Mario voice and just shock us all ;)
MATPATS "oh no!😦" IS JUST SO FUNNY OMFG
Chris Pratt could've done better. But I think he's attempting the more Brooklyn accent like from the Super Mario Brothers Super Show rather than the higher pitched Italian accent from the games.
Mario got word of Sonic saving the Earth so well that he left 😂
Charles martinet already done a light voice acting for mario in his IG stories and videos
Curious why the actual trailer reaction has so many jump cuts
Please do a theory on ONE by cheesy hfj!!!!!
No Goomba in the original.  Pratt>Pat mario lore
If I had to guess, he probably grew up calling them turtles.
New theory: Seeing the insane amounts of free online press that the poor Sonic design brought, Nintendo knew that creating just enough online rage would give them the same bump.  Well played.
Why are you guys shitting on Pratt so hard 😭😭
21:22 mmmm that sounds like trols world Tour
In french we got a pretty good mario voice
MatPat made a 45 minute video out of a like 10 minute Direct and still cut most of the teaser trailer out.
Pretty crazy
Here's my prediction for this movie: it will be the highest grossing animated film of all time. Mark my words!
the voice is from the super mario super show
I'm fine with Chris' NY Italian accent.
It's so sad to know the original voice of Mario was not picked for Mario
I honestly thought all the voice acting was great and it didn’t take me out of the experience. I’m going to have to disagree with Mat on this one.
matpat at 24:28: says kirkland me who watches dankpods: :o
Wierdly The French dub of Mario is Way better.
GIGA CAT CHRIS PRAT mario 3d world
You should play SlendyTubbies III, its an unique horror game. It also has some lore!
miiamoto: raisers his hand  matt: HA
For the rest of the internet, yesterday was Mario day. But to some, it was TOH day
i think matpat just REALLY wants to hate this film SO MUCH, that he covers his ears and goes “lalalalala” at every good element of his movie and tries to zoom in on the mediocre bits as *hard* as he can. he had the world biggest microscope and he looks at the atom of bad in this in a cell of mediocre in an organism of good
both of you come off as snobs
A 44 minutes video out of a 5-ish minute clip and a 2:26 minute teaser, reaction content at it's finest
Somehow Mario’s voice doesn’t bother me honestly, if he’s going to talk the way he normally does in-game for a whole movie, it’d probably get annoying at some point, maybe, but they definitely could’ve still given Mario to Charles for the voice, just dial it back a bit, I mean the guy could definitely do it, he’s got range, he voices Paarthurnax from skyrim for f¥€ks sake, fun fact Also I REALLY hope there’s no singing in this, I am no fan of musicals whatsoever
I’m actually a fan of Chris Pratt’s voice for Mario. I think someone could’ve done better maybe but it seems like they’re going for that New York ish accent?
Matpat: He has little emotion  SMG4: why are we here.. just to suffer
I honestly don't think Pratt is that bad.
All the character models look great!
Chris Pratt kinda f**ked it, “here we come”? Can’t even get the classic “here we go”? Also where’s his Mario voice? He sounds like he just got out of bed
I dont think the voice is bad. If you are one of the people wanting "MAmA-mIa" the whole movie that's gonna get really annoying and old fast.
I can imagine matpat watching the movie and stoping it every time Chris Pratt said something and make fun of him
But matpat’s laugh though *clap* *gasp* he he ha he ha ha he
I was really impressed with Mario, I think he looks like he actually has a soul and personality, something that I always felt was lacking in the games. I like his voice too! I'm so much happier that they went this route target than trying to shove cartoony game Mario into what looks like an amazing movie!
Matpat there was no Goombas in the Mario Brothers arcade game
Dude, learn to enjoy a trailer without ruining the fun with analysing it on first watch 😭🤦🏻‍♂
16:59 nice
Dhmis theory pls
Chris seems like the wrong choice for Mario, Mario's a NY Italian plumber and we got none of the iconic Mario accent and it seems like Chris didn't take any of the notes given to him cause it's more like Chris Flat than Chris Pratt, maybe they should recall the movie and recast Mario cause I bet anyone who's played/ heard of Mario before will be disappointed with him, Bowser by far is 1000 times better than Mario in this movie, Jack did such a good job on him where Chris didn't hit the Mario mark.
20:05 THE ONE PEICE IS REAL
Hello MatPat are you gonna look for the new mob vote into Minecraft Live please check it out
Why does he say "here we come" instead of "here we go"?
The funny thing is, you are thinking he is gonna say stomping goombas. but the one he is talking about had 🐢 🦀 🧊 so he was probably wondering if the turtles were called Koopas in the old days.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST REACT WITHOUT PAUSING XD
To defend Chris Pratt on his voice acting, it's very reminiscent of "The Super Mario Bros Super Show" Mario with the Brooklynn accent. And I'm kinda all for it! I feel like people were expecting a voice like Charles Martinet's Mario and tbh, I think that voice would have been a little too much for a movie that has some musical moments and would get annoying over time (No hate for the original Mario voice, I grew up with Charles Martinet's voice for Mario and it will always be the best voice)  We also didn't get much from Chris in the trailer, and like Mat Pat said, it could be that the team was a little scared about the voice. I say before we make any harsh judgements, we wait until we can hear a few lines of dialog in a second or third trailer.  Overall, the trailer was delightful, funny, and I'm glad they stayed true to the designs, and stayed true to the defining characteristics in everyone that was shown. I can't wait to see this film!
It's not too late guys, we can cyberbully another studio to change the lead in some way, like we did with sonic
2 things 1 mario sounds like the mom from bob's burgers  2 ffs Chris just do the accent
Am i the only one who thinks that the movie might flop a bit?  I do genuinely think that it might flop a bit (or atleast not perform good enough for Nintendo to think that it warrants them to make any future movies or shows based on any of their properties), but if so I definitely don't think that it'll flop as badly as the '93 live-action movie; however, you never know.
the new DHMIS is out
SHUT UP ABOUT PAUSES
I didn't mind the voice too much but could be better, but that interview he seemed to have sun stroke
I wish they would’ve cast Arin from game grumps as the toad voice lmao😂 his version of toad is absolutely hilarious 😂
MatPat, I have a Film Hypothesis. The reason Chris Pratt took such a long pause before Koopas and kept looking off is either he's reading off of at very delayed teleprompter or that he forgot every word in the English language and is now doing that thing where you stare off at something until you remember it.
Dwayne the Thwomp Johnson 💀
Mario said "Here we come!" dans le film, but Mario says "Here we go!" in the games ! That's character breaking !
Mario in French is better
They should have based his voice off the super show Mario, I think that voice is good for the movie.
Why do you feel the need to back Chris so hard to be honest its not that bad but everything he said and his voice you just bashed on so much I get we have our opinions but that’s a little too much
Game Grumps Toad Voice is Best Toad
MatPat talking about old school wrestling? Based.
I don't understand his hate for Mario? Mario looks like Mario, I see NO difference at all in his design in the movie. Also Chris Prat doesn't sound bad. Super excited for this movie.
What’s the chance illumination f*cks up
Die someone farted at 20:21??? WTF LOL
I thought he hesitated to say Goomba because it's a slur against Italians, or is it just not really a slur anymore?
My feelings on the trailer are: bowser luigi and all the other characters look and sound absolutely amazing! Like very similar to the games with the actors bringing their own things to the roles.  And then you have Mario who just sounds soooo generic, like that’s just a guy. I don’t know anything about Chris Pratt so this is really not a great first impression for me. Especially since marios real voice actor is in this film providing additional voices we don’t know yet (hopefully waluigi is here at least), but like yeaaaah… this is awkward as a Mario voice. Just put some feeling and real excitement into the voice, make a character
Mat check out the French dub
I think they are trying to go with a more Brooklyn accent, like the one in the Mario Brother Super Show!
I would love a Brooklyn heavy accent like from the old Mario Brothers animated show, I feel like Sebastian maniscalco would make a better Mario than Chris Pratt
Maybe pratts mario voice is a nod to the original mario bros super show voice. And if youre familiar with THAT mario, you knew he was straight from Brooklyn. I think there should be a matinee cut of this film but at least it seems pratt is trying by using another piece of mario media as a source of inspiration for his possible final voice.
Oh no, Mario looks like fix it Felix........
I feel like Mario will defeat bowser by using the Power of a huge star.
It took like 6 minutes to get 2 minutes through the trailer AND THEY CUT LIKE A MINUTE
Why does mario look like fix it felix in a costume
Matpat confirms: Miyamoto has a stand
I’m mean Chris Pratt did say that was his mario voice
Mario's voice fell like from bed Pinocchio...
It feels like they told Chris to channel the Super Show Mario instead of the games Mario, with that in mind and growing up on it he doesn't sound half bad.  I'd also bet Ash isn't far from why Mario sounds off. Mario's shocked face as Toad runs off appears to be where the "Mushroom Kingdom here we come" line is coming from, he looks very unsure about it and would sound unsure too. Seems they cut the line into a scene that doesn't fit at all, which is very common in trailers.
... I legit got an add for the movie while watching this... YouTube sees all..
69years...hehe...nice
Oh no
It's interesting that in the list of actors, Charles Martinet is near the bottom of the list. If he's not voicing Mario, then who?
Get ready for a flop. Looks like it would be slightly better than the 1st mario movie. To me, I thought it couldnt get worse
i love how they skipped the whole bowser part and the penguins.. its like just play it and pause it at places to avoid copyright...
ok now i am waiting for AMONG US the movie
I like how Chris Pratt says "Koopas" like it's a slur.
Why are people mad? Chris Pratt just named an enemy from the original Mario Bros. arcade game... koopas. Bowser, is also the King Koopa.
MatPat... The original Mario Bros. game didn't have Goombas.
Wow
Koopas(Derogatory) 🤣  These chapter names are always gold
MatPat: hears one voiceline also MatPat: I'm gonna spend five minutes laughing about it without even giving it a modicum of a chance lmao
To be fair, most adults don't remember the name of Mario's enemies, most children and adults called them "Turtles" because hardly anyone read the instruction manual in the 90's... that's what I would say if the short wasn't recorded after that criss read multiple lines where the names of the enemies appeared constantly
I for one think Mario's voice/design isn't too bad the voice could definitely be toned a bit but i love how he looks
Just fact checking, Mario it's not Middle age, acording to miyamoto, Mario it's 24-25
I don't know if someone mentioned this already, but one of the koopas at the start had the blue/spiny shell from Mario Kart
“Man when I was little, I spent hours of my life stomping............ koopas?” Chris at least pretend to care
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIS VOICE. AAAAAAAAAAAAA
I always thought that the mushroom planet in the sonic movie was meant to be a jab at Mario. Like sonic sayings “I hate mushrooms”
why did chris say koopas like it was a slur 😭😭
MARIO IS NOT MARIO 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡😤😤
Talking about the musical pedigree of the cast, not even mentioning Chris Pratt’s time in MouseRat?
Yooo the trailer played as an ad before you watched it😳
I actually like the brooklyn-new york accent Mario has. While Marinett is the original his Italian noises wouldn't really fit a prolonged dialogue and I can see everything being said in that "trademark Italin accent" driving me NUTS, it is very squeaky and high-pitched. This is more of a callbak to the cinematic masterpiece that is "The Super Mario Brothers Super Show" and it's iconic Brooklyn Mario Mario and Luigi Mario.  on that note  **SWING YOUR AMRS FROM SIDE TO SIDE, COME ON IT'S TIME TO GO, DO THE MARIO!**
I thought the line "mushroom kingdom here we come" was Toad saying it... That was Mario? What? Edit: Omg hearing it again... Oh god it IS Mario. Yikes.
Just remember, you can’t watch a MatPat reaction if you’re not ready for a quadrillion pauses… and him studying Magikoopa
Talking about stylize for animation and film, there has been a heavy push in recent years in both animation and gaming to lean into more realistic style because it's consider "better." This might be because making movies has always been about real acting and they look down on animation because it's "childish." I don't agree with it or understand it. It's somewhat like people using AI to add frames to animation to make it smoother and it's therefore better. Once you take a step back you notice that smoother and realistic isn't actually better. it's only been recently that people have been taking steps back to look at how beautiful and expressive had drawn and stylized animation can be.  With Into the Spiderverse being a hit combination of 2d and 3d techniques and a highly stylized form, I hope stylization comes back as a new popular art stlye
Did you see the cast roll at the end?
surely i cant be the only one who likes Mario's voice in this trailer right?
#marioschrispattimprov
Mario needs work for sure 👍
Luigi's getting his... Day?? 🤔
Can you do more merge mention  Episodes there's new ads
Hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot
This is just amazing
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
I'm not a Mario fan. I never played the games, mostly because we didn't even have our first PC until 1999. Although I've seen a few episodes of the TV series, plus the movie we're not talking about. And I can say, this Mario is done badly. Mostly because of the voice.
So I know why they choose Chris Patt to be the actor of Mario because Mario's super show right Mario's accent kind of sounds ish like it because they are trying to make it where it sounds like the super Mario show you feel me
Someone is going to remix the “MUSICAL SIDE” just like “MUSIC MAN!”
fun fact the Brazilian dub goes full Italian.
Mario looks like he came from Wallace & Gromitt
This movie is gonna be amazing
23:13 Is it just me or does he straight up look like fix it Felix’s cousin
Compare this movie with the old one. Yknow. The one with the realistic yoshi?
I like ash, ash is awsome but I miss mirror mat
I get that he was probably talking about the arcade game, but at least reshoot it so it flowed smoother dude. That pause and then spitting koopa out sounded like he just threw out the first word in his brain. Fans are already skeptical about him, don't make his seem worse
You guys are daft if you think italian stereotype voice would not have been old in like 2 mintues
I just thought of something, the trailer doesn't show any Goombas, what if Chris' pause was due to him not being allowed to say Goomba and he had to catch himself on making sure he doesn't say the wrong enemy name. Also specifying laundromat may be because he can't say a specific business name. The business name thing actually makes sense considering his background books/items are blurred, as Nintendo wouldn't have a license to show those in their direct.
that voice sounds like chris doesn't know the difference between nyc and boston. he sounds like Seth McFarlane doing the Ted voice. SMH
Ash never played the arcade version, it was koopas not goombas,
Congratulations. You were right
Bowser singing some heavy metal??!! BRING IT ON 👁👁✨✨
Noic eeeee
Tbh Mario visually looks good but the voice although isn’t the absolute worst it could be worked on a little more. They were going for the Brooklyn accent from the old cartoon but I feel like it could be perfected more.
Maybe chris just mistook koopas for goompas? I mean it sounds very simular
I would like to say that I love matpat but Mario’s voice is not that bad and to be honest I wouldn’t really like it if it was the exact same voice as the games. And It may sound weird right now but by the end of the movie I’m sure it’s just gonna sound like Mario.
Bowser is muuuussssiiiiccccc maaaan confirmed
I spent hours stompin                                                                     koopas
It's also possible Chris and Jack may not be allowed to say goomba cuz they haven't been announced and they aren't allowed to give spoilers
Rockin the haircut my guy
God just gives us a good movie so we get more. Good work matpat as always 👏 1/2
i mean i know chris did all his lines and yes he should be paid for that time..  but there is also still time to have someone else speak the lines and edit them in xD
He looks like one of those hotel characters from Wreck It Ralph
Ok this is pretty much the first sonic the hedgehog movie first trailer all over again with how Mario looks and Chris Pratt no Italian accent at all in the trailer come on you could do a whole lot better than that
Can we call MatPat being right about a far out theory “pulling a MUSIC MAAAAAN” XD
Man i spent hours of my life stomping    Koopas
I think we should cut Chris some slack he either just woke up before recording his video or hasn't been to sleep in a while so either way, his brain is in low-power mode
I gotta be honest, it definitely seems like you're making a mountain out of a mole hill with the whole "stomping koopas" thing. I didn't think it was THAT long of a pause. It didn't come off to me as him not remembering what koopas were called; it seemed more like he was trying to think of what to say IN GENERAL. I know I definitely speak like that pretty often, and if I were doing an interview, and I were wanting to 'keep it real' or whatever, I would also likely have a few of those "thinking-pauses" in there.
Imagine if they make a a series in the future after the movie like Mario going to adventures and everything
I’m glad people are defending Chris here
Honestly if the internet pulls another Sonic and get's Chris Pratt super smashed out of the movie, I would LOVE to see Matpat as our new Mario. The ultimate gaming icon as the Ultimate gaming icon.
I usually hate to say bad things about actors so I usually instead blame the people that hired actors that do poorly.
Everyone crying over Mario is just adults who grew up with the games and still play to this day, I do think they could have casted someone other then Chris Pratt, but I'm sure he'll be okay.
Literally everyone Knew This Was going to be a Different mario Interpretation  and Were disappoint, get on my Level bruh. Pratt is Doing The Captain Albino Voice. THE ACTUAL Original voice of Mario. Back when they didn't know what he sounded like. So they gave him a Brooklyn accent. Which works better for longer. After 30 years, Mario's Italian Voice Has Only Had Small Speaking Roles, like Mario Teaches Typing. But even Mr.Martbet Can't pull off that accent for a full movie. It gets jarring when it goes on for too long that's  why They change to the Brooklyn accent for full speaking roles
I hope Mario says Ay I'm walking here
Mario is actually 25 according to miyamoto
Charles martinet copyrighted his voice
Koopa troopas
Nah, I want you to do a "FNAF explained" livestream in which you explain him the entire fnaf lore in a few hours.  :D
For a fair point, the arcade game he mentioned was specifically koopa-central, didnt really have much in the way of goombas
Game Theory: Mario is called Jumpman, because, like Superman, his Jumping ability is super relative the place he finds himself
I knew you would be right
For a while now, I have noticed that people are hating a lot of the new Mario voice over the old one, Even though that listening to a stereotypical Italian accent would get very annoying in the first ten minutes.  I have to give it to Chriss Pratt, because he has been given the task  to recreate a iconic character from a lot of the worlds childhood.  I don't know about you, but I'm pretty sure that's a lot of pressures to put on someone.  And it doesn't help that everyone on social media is against Chriss.  I think that instead of whining about him, we should encourage him to do his best. Think about it, if you had to recreate Mario, would you really want to give him a accent that could be seen as an insult two a lot of Italian people, especially two ones who actually have that accent. I don't know who will read my comment, but whoever does, maybe try rooting for Chriss Pratt over rooting against him.  And if you actually took the time to read my entire comment, then maybe you agree with me.
Worst than sonic movie
Bro, Even matPat Can't Hear the Brooklyn Accent. I'm done bruh. How do I have better ears Than EVERYONE on the Internet
Mario probably will sound better in the movie
I feel like the icon Mario line “here we go” would of been a better line in the end
It's so funny... As a German, who went through a loooot of bad voice acting choices for animations (and if possible switching to subs then dubs) of all kinds... Chris Pratt isn't bad. I want to see the movie before I judge his voice over, ya know. It's certainly not as bad as the ENTIRE VA OF GERMAN MLP!!! ...or Avatar TLA, or Korra, or Adventure Time, or pick any Anime here NOT done by Gibli.... Like... it can be worse...
Here me out. I love Chris Pratt but... recast. Mark Walberg
The only thing I disagree with you is on the character design, I think they all look awesome (including mario)   Also you said that the annoying toad voice would be too much for a movie, but the classic mario voice would be just as bad in my opinion looool
Chris Pratt sounded like he was talking in a straight line
Ah, I think Mat may be jumping the gun on Mario being the weak point of the movie at the end because we barely see or hear anything from him and they even discussed the audio clearly being altered. I do agree the trailer is probably a test-bed for the movie and Mario in particular, so I don't think that what we see of him is going to be the final product. It's just too soon as much as I love the trailer itself.
I’m super excited to go see the movie.
Bro matpat edited out half of the trailer but didn’t edit his 40 minutes of talking
I wanna point out three main things for the Chris Pratt voice:  1. Casting Martinet would make the movie worse. Not because he can't do it, but because it would contrast so hard with the experimentation in literally everyone else, and he'd also have to be cast as Luigi in order to not feel even more wrong.  2. The energy bit in "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come!" had to have been intentional. Everyone and their mother has been thinking about how Mario got isekai'd, and you said it yourself. Mario may spend the movie finding himself. So why, when he's still so unsure about everything, would he be energetic about exploring a world he's so unfamiliar with? It makes perfect sense for that part to be read with caution instead of how normally energetic we know him to be, because as of that point, he ISN'T the Mario we know.  3. We heard 8 words come out of Mario. Three subdued, five cautiously accepting the situation. I don't think they're scared of Mario. I think they're scared people won't realize what they're trying to do, which is why his selected lines are subdued.  Just a bit of analysis I did on the whole thing
Toads personality reminds me of how he use to act in the Mario show he was really snarky and just was an actual character in it that didn’t always stay to defend princess peach and got to use the power ups too and I just love it
DHIMS WHEN!??!
For me browsers voice is perfect, Mario sounds Just a wee bit to much like Starlord, and toad does not have enough toad sounds
16:58 nice👌
Mario needs to sound like mario, not Illuminations main character.
It looks like they referenced the original Super Mario Bros Super Show cartoons for Mario.
It’s not march 10th…
12:13 steam flashing at the bottom,
IDK WHY I THOUGHT THE MOVIE WOULD BE LIVE ACTION LOL I'M HONESTLY RELIEVED
The Bowser Movie looks great, let's a-go
when i heard mario is said: THIS IS NOT OKIE DOKIE
Well I mean the og Mario bros game didn’t have goombas and super Mario was on the nes so it kinda makes sense but still seems like he is very enthusiastic about it
12:49 - If Dwayne Johnson is in the movie, all I want to happen is Mario to look up, see the Thwomp hanging there and saying: "I'M A THWOMP!". And that's it. That's all I need.
Kagan Micheal key is toad
Charles Martinet is gonna be the Mario that fights Cranky before Mushroom Kingdom Mario, btw. Been saying it since the start.
Well there weren't any Goombas in the original arcade game, there were only Koopas... so yeah, he's accurate--but clearly had to take a second to remember 😂 Totally understandably though: I forgot that small detail too (played the same game as a kid). But omg, I would've done a second take or did a jump cut... 100% agree 😂 that pause was too obvious
THEORY: they’re hiring Chris to be bad on purpose as a publicity stunt, will “replace him” with Charles Martinet from “public reaction” and now bring more viewers in over ppl demanding and receiving 👀
😂
@11:35 such a throwaway comment but an arcade machine in a launderomat would make a perfect movie set-up for how a plumber gets sucked into a video game world.
Idk why but Mario kinda looks like fix-it felix from Ralph breaks the internet and I can’t explain why
By the way the thing of him saying koopas instead of goombas makes sense with him saying the mario bros arcade game, goombas were not a thing in the arcade. Mind you, i have not finished the video yet.
I prefer mario voice here than the high pitch ones from the games
whats intristing is that miamoto said that they arent quite done with it, so they could still tweak it a little .
It be great for chris pratt: if they did both him trying to do an over-the-top new yorker voice and him just doing chris pratt lol then getting it to where people like it lol then having those in bloopers. Edit: also worried for Luigi, he looks great but didn't get to hear his voice... so worried. Also no Peach test? guess they are not worried about her.
when a guy on the internet knows more about the movie than the main actor At least he's not stomping koopas
this aversion to the cartoony aspects was highlighted with sonic, where the fans pretty much revolted at what they saw, and the studio listened
21:47 poooooooooooo no
I wonder where Ash got her "general consensus" from.
Sounds like Linda from Bob's Burgers 🍔
Maybe he was thinking goomba, then remembered that the film features KOOPAS taking the brunt of the stomping... Idk, still pretty awkward.
I'm just excited for whoever will be the first to re-dub the Mario lines
His voice is suppose to be the first ever even before the lovable voice voice.  It goes way back when he was first introduced
I was just thinking, in Mario's original world, he is Chris Pratt in live action, then he got sucked into the Mushroom Kingdom and turned into the cartooney CGI Mario.
I agree. Everything is great, except the English voice acting for Mario. The French VA was much better.  Edit: I don’t think Chris Pratt’s voice acting was terrible, it just does not feel consistently like either version of Mario imo (Brooklyn accent or Italian accent).
why the cut outs
16:58 nice..
I don't get why people are making a huge deal about the Koopa thing. Uppity gatekeepers, all of them. So he misspoke? How long ago was it that he played the arcade game? Or perhaps he meant "stomping" in a figurative way. I can't count the number of times I've used "stomp" in regards to defeat. "They got stomped!" When zero actual stomping was actually done.  Clearly Miyamoto or other Nintendo reps saw no issue with it. Christ. Relax, people.
Matpat sounded more like Mickey mouse
bring matt back
wish you kept in the full reaction to the trailer instead of jump cuts
I wish you would just watch it through once without stopping and then go back and look through it
I feel like with how this trailer is blowing over, it's just gonna get bullied into change like the Sonic movie but who knows? lol
I don't think Mario's design or voice seem like they'll tank the movie at this point. both are passable and it's something you can get used to. So basically it's probably going to come down to how the lines are delivered and I don't know if we have enough to go off of now. that specific part of the trailer was very edited and a lot of Mario's sound clips were not playing where they'll actually be in the movie.
Maybe Mario's design was changed for ease of animation and emotion. Like, there's a reason why Sonic's design keeps changing, and some of it is definitely trying to work with oversized proportions in what should be serious moments. I personally see how this could be the case with Mario here, especially if he has to sing and cry and dance.
Bro kept skipping all of it 💀
Actually, despite Pratt's overly obvious brain fart, he is correct in saying "Koopas" instead of "Goombas" as goombas were not introduced until SUPER Mario Bros and he was talking about playing the Mario Bros ARCADE game which had Koopas and Spinies, but no goombas.
Legendary
Everyone's simping for Bowser now and I, for one, am excited to notice the uptick in Bowser content
Way better than sonic and Pratt is gonna be fantastic
32:31 who farted
I don't know why Mat Pat is complaining this much about Mario's looks and voice. I think they're both great. It would be too simple to have him look just like in the games, they wanted to have their own version and that's understandable.  And I grew up with SMB Super Show, so this kind of voice is completely fine with me. The games' voice would have been weird for the whole movie, and I also thought on something else... they might be preparing us for a new Mario voice even in the games. I know it is hard to face it, but Charles Martinet could be retiring soon, and it would be easier to find someone with a similar voice to Chris'. But hey, that's just a theory... my theory. Thanks for reading :)
I hope Chris Pratt doesn’t get cast in the any other Nintendo movies because he’ll probably call Link Zelda and Samus Metroid
Matt Pratt
Matt is always jealous of other guys.
he is trying a brooklyn accent
MatPat could be bowser lol
We really need Danny Devito as Wario and this movie would be perfect
I think Chris Pratt’s voice could work for Mario if only he was much more lively about it. Right now, it sounds kind of stale.
I don't like Chris Pratt's voice for Mario either ahahh
I’ve got a mini theory that could 100% be wrong, but I don’t think they used the actual Mario voice lines of Chris Pratt in the teaser trailer.
Fan will deepfake Martinet's voice on release
I think the "here we come!" Line isn't part of the scene. Like they do in trailers, moving audio around and such. So maybe it sounds better in the scene it's supposed to be in. It might be better with context.
im sorry but Chris Pratt’s mario voice sounds like Linda from bobs burgers
34:00 Yeah, Nintendo has stated that Mario is 26… sooooo….?
But hey that's just a theory a matpat theory
If it were the original voice with the high pitched YAHOO! It would get annoying, incomprehensible and old quick. That’s why I’m the shows and other stuff he’s always deeper and has the Brooklyn accent with some Italian lightly in there. I like it. Give it time
.
If we had a high-pitched Italian voice like Mario from the games... it would be annoying and you'ld probably  have some Italian people complaining about it being like Apu, a stereotype of the race. Also, I think it could be some throwbacks to the Bob Hoskins voice,  Mario from the original Mario movie.
Why is noone acknowledging the picture of Chris in the background that is Chris right hahaha
Um... Crissey Patrick...
Mattpatt i think you are being a bit too harsh on chris here. This feels very much like you are gonna spawn hate for this movie because of it. This is just the first trailer chill with that. This is more of us seeing the rough draft. I thought you would be more respectful then that
Why was it skipping through the trailer like that ? Copyright issues?
Legend says Chris Pratt is stomping.........koopas to this day.
4:23, didn't you guys establish that mario is a narcissist? 🤔      Edit: oh wait, i think i misunderstood the video
unpopular opinion: Chris Pratt is not going to be a good Mario. Sorry, not sorry. Bowser, will carry the film, at best  Edit, I know people will be more concerned with the quality of the film, but after SO many years of Mario being played by Charles Martinet, it just feels weird. I'm sure it MIGHT be a good film, but it's such a far cry...that's my opinion, I don't care
That looks like Mario in the Wallace and Gromet claymation art style.
I agree that Mario's design here could be better. Maybe we can bully the studio into redoing it like we did with sonic 😆
Based on the transitions I think they either had the actor's live and they fumbled or they had to do it with each-other completely without prep.
Fix it Felix Mario
I really don't want to judge Chris Pratt for the two lines we get, but I really hope in the full movie the "Chris Prattiness" goes away, or at least is less noticeable. So far, it doesn't sound great. Mario's design is fine, looks enough like him for me to look past that.
MEEYOOOOOOSIC      ...koopa
Haha *pushes up glasses* matpat you silly commoner you looked surprised when she said this might be old audio, there can be like 30 official and needing to be used audio, and they can use that audio during the production  and then when the movie comes out so it might change, I know it sounds kinda bad now but just wait and see.
40:35 "MU-SI-CAL side!" Bowser's a MUSIC KOOPA (that rolls off the tongue better than "music dragon turtle", since Koopa is Bowser's Japanese name)
Super mario RPG The Movie
You can't just do an obnoxiously New York accent, he has to be an Everyman too! He sounds freakin good man
I suspect Pratt probably has played Mario games, cause let's face it, nearly everyone has. But he was probably so young and the games were old enough that he just never learned the names of anything. And now, he has to rely on the movie script to try and BS knowing the names of things in the games lol
Why not say  "Mushroom Kingdom, LET'S-A-GO!"
I'm not a fan of this reaction Matt...   It's not Chris' fault he's not waist deep in gaming content like we are. His story becomes MORE feasable if you stop to think about his 'loading' moment. And any other possibly relevant factors.
I will side with him on one particular note. He said Super Mario Bros. *Arcade* game at his laundrymat while he was a kid. There aren't goombas in that one, even if that would be a better example to use with the series, and they didn't use Koopa as the name for that enemies in that one either.  I wouldn't delve too deep into the negative side of the Pygmalion effect on his portion of the movie just yet, because Miyamoto seems pleased with everything so far, so if this voice direction lines up with what he approves on Mario's initial voice, it can't be too bad.
Man, you’re really flaming him for that like second and a half pause. I didn’t think it was anything egregious
Mario has a wreck it ralph vibe
Maybe they kept Chris Pratt thing in so more people would talk about it. Free advertising
I think his voice will change and it will actually work as the first time he speaks the "what is this place" is actually good but the "here we come" part felt like it was said differently, so the thought that they are still working with his voice makes since.
I am begging for animated movies to stop hiring celebrities instead of actual voice actors
I see this going very well!!! Lmao they could have a lot of spin offs with this between bowser and Luigi alone
I'm not sure how I feel about Chris Pratt as Mario, but I can kinda vibe with the decision to make him have a slight Brooklyn accent rather than the goofy Italian accent he usually has. I think I'll have to hear more to have a clear opinion. Also honestly, I DO kind of wonder if our opinion on the voice is impacted by us knowing what Chris Pratt sounds like and thinking "Wow that's just Chris Pratt's regular voice but with a tiiiiiiny bit of an accent". I want to hear what someone who's never heard of Chris Pratt in their life thinks about the Mario voice
Who else thinks of the animated Pinocchio movie when you here mushroom kingdom here we come
Well I haven’t seen either sonic movies and I know I will see this
tbf the penguins have been back since New Super Mario Bros
To be fair to Chris, if he did play the original arcade Mario Bros arcade the Koppas were the first enemies and goombas may have premiered on Super Mario Bros for the NES. But that still doesn’t save that long paused delivery
I dont understand what ppl are talkin bout mario looking strange? I thought he looked great. Though he could be more expressive
No way, MatPat, Pratt sounds fantastic. Listen in your car. People seem ready to hate on him.
Now that I've seen bowser,  cant wait to see Seth rogen DK
5:05  .... so gona ignore the years of comics and cartoons, tv shows and in games like RPG? Mario has shown plenty of character over the years from my experiences. I was scared before for this movie, but now, meh-looks ok so far. People are complaining and praising Chris. I say its FINE. Akin to dear Captain Lou and Bob Hopkins-both great Mario depictions. I fully support that as its very realistic considering where Mario is from.  Im actuality looking forward to this and see where it goes.
In my opinion. Movie mario kinda looks like a slightly younger mario
How OILED is Miyamoto LOL
1.5k comment in 4 hours!
Who knows? Maybe Pauline saved herself and told Mario he sucks as a hero? Causing Mario to question whether he can really do this
Hoping they take the Sonic Movie tactic cause I genuinely cannot handle Mario’s voice I may just learn Portuguese so I can listen to it without hearing American accented Mario
I think this just tells us how little characterization is put into Mario himself compared to other characters in the games. Bowser big bad but cocky. Luigi is goofy fun and scared. But Mario is just - Hero. So for the first time in a while, Nintendo has to find a way to make a full character out of Mario besides just him being the noble hero. I’m assuming Mario will build up to being the hero and he’s still unsure about his position. Who knows? Maybe Pauline saved herself and told Mario he sucks as a hero?
Usually love all Theory Videos but tbh this video was worse on MatPat than Pratt. Had to stop every 15 seconds to talk smack and laugh than take in thr trailer for what it is. I think theory holds the L here
Not sure why you are laughing so much about his voice though. It's pretty good. Before Charles Martinet, the voice of Mario was played by Lou Albano and was completely different. When Charles started doing Mario a lot of people thought the voice was weird and ridiculous. But with time it became a really cool voice for the character that we all like and Mario didn't have much dialogue besides the "it'sa me, mario" or "here we goooo". Obviously they need to get a different approach to Mario in a cinematic world so they need an interesting voice, and they did an amazing choice casting Chris Pratt. Not sure what your problem is with his voice. Also we only heard 5 seconds of him talking. In the next trailer I'm sure we will have a better understanding on how he and Charlie Day sound like with the accents etc.
I already know that Bowser’s song in this will be a million times better than how bad can I be from the Lorax… you can’t change my mind
Why did he keep cutting through the trailer? Made it look sloppy
mario and chris, two prats
Mat what part of this looked realistic? It still looks cartoony to me just with better textures.  If anything it’s the games that are being lazy with character design.  I didn’t ever see myself as someone who would be defending this movie but it has proven me wrong and shown to be better than what most people were expecting and let’s be honest here it could have been worse And don’t lie to yourself it really could have been worse like genuinely awful.  It’s going to be different from the games but I think that’s going to be a good thing because there’s just some things in the games that can’t work in a movie.
14:47 1156 NOTIFICATIONS JESUS CHRIST ITS ONE BUTTON
I'm just wondering if they'll have anything from Sunshine in the movie, like some references or a possible sequel? Idk I just wanna see Flud again
I like it everything looks cool exept mario his gloves I think could be a little bigger with a little less forehead and the voice doesn’t quite hit the mark it’s close but yet so far
For me about the voice I think it’s ok it’s taking the New Yorker accent not heavy because that heavy Italian accent could be offensive and i really didn’t want to hear a high pitched voices Mario in the movie
man I wish I could've seen his reaction to the penguin scene and Bowser's first line. I'm so sad they cut that out
Hear me out.....Danny DeVito
Either they are playing a gradual fade to confidence for Mario and Mario’s tone voice is of uncertainty or toad is going to carry
Honestly if the wanted a deeper, more serious, voice for Mario they should have gone with the voice actor from the super Mario brothers super show, or even it’s super Mario bros 3 or world versions, same voice for all of them, and it works.
I just don't understand, with shigeru working with them, how they can actually add a Mario voice like that into a trailer, and it's the FIRST trailer. I'm not trying to be picky, but c'mon it's like that old "Hello Mario" meme where Luigi speaks in the most Times New Roman voice I've ever heard. What's luigi gonna sound like? 💀
he said Koopas with so much hatred 😭 the “Koopas (derogatory)” fits
Uh oh Italians have feelings and don't appreciate  vocal stereotypes. Childhood RUINED.
the fact he did a weird "here. we. come." vs a "Letsa go!"
I THOUGHT MARIO WAS A PLUMBER
WOAH!!!
I'd much prefer a Luigi movie to a Mario movie anyway lol.
I'm not gonna lie, your theory isn't a hard one to guess, like it is kinda obvious that the film would be an origin movie. I just wonder if he's coming from New Donk City or the actual world, personally I hope it is from New Donk City and not the actual world. Especially since it would be cool to make Odyssey canonical in a sense.
Yes I hope they change Mario's voice it's just Emmet from Lego Movie or Starlord from Fortnite. & Mario's face looks like a goomba
Yeah, I was already worried when they announced Chris Pratt as Mario.
Could it be that they are giving us a bad take of his Mario voice? Like it may not be a good idea but I’m curious if it’s to spread talk. Pratt talked up his voice so much, and hearing it as just his voice is so weird. So I’m curious if this isn’t his actual voice in the movie
Ehhh, where can I get some ah, gabagoo
0:53 as an Italian, I found thisa funny
Is it just me or does Mario have a New York/Boston accent?
To be fair to chris, in the original arcade game you do stomp koopas, not goombas. which is what he said he was playing.
The reason I think there was a pause is because I think that he was going to say goomba but he realized that is an Italian slur and he maybe didn't want to say it.
Hey you should do a theory on the new dhmis series
And that's how MatPat turned a 2 minute video into a 45 minute video
Honestly, Mario being too cheerful and "YIPEE" wouldn't work well for this movie. Showing one line probably isn't doing Chris any favors, since it's fairly applicable to anything, and thus sounds bad out of the context of the movie. We gotta keep in mind that Mario in this movie is supposed to be a voiced character, not just a happy sound effect voice. As well, as others have stated, Mario is supposed to have a Brooklyn accent in the earlier games.
Coming Summer 2025: Chris Pratt is Optimus Prime! 😂😂😂
Tthe right side on your couch is so familiar and i can quite put my finger on it.
Why is no one talking about Charles Martinet being listed with the other voice actors? The only question who the heck is he voicing if not Mario?
MATT PATTS REACTION TO CHRISS PRATT I CANT———
I found a potential SMB movie leaks video on YouTube weeks ago and it mentioned songs so I wasn’t as surprised but still a bit.
I agree that I’ll be rooting for Bowser…
Hey mat pat I don't know if you know this but bone lab the second game to bone works came out recently and I hope you play it on the channel
Could we possibly collaborate together? I’d love to collaborate with you and your channel MatPat
We have hardly heard Pratt as Mario. At least wait and see more of his voice.
i hope its gonna be the number one movie in the world
Release date should be april 1st XD
Chris Pratt be stomping turts all day. Perchance.
7:18 "Growing up...Man, I spent hours of my life stomping... koopas" 22:20 "Mario plays a great Chris Pratt" Chris Pratt trying (and failing) to sell us on why he's qualified to be Mario's VA isn't something I was expecting to see today
I would have accepted a Lou Albano and/or Bob Hoskins impression just for the sake of giving a nod to the old ones. Still wondering why they didn't just pick Charles Martinet to reprise his iconic voice acting role, even if he had to tone it down just for the sake of his own vocal chords (and our ears).  I honestly cringed the first time I saw them announce Chris Pratt doing the voice of Mario. I somehow knew Jackblack would do a bang-up job as Bowser, though.
Wild theory I feel like this is going to come from left field and its actually going to be a luigi movie just mario is the lead for why luigi is there searching for his brother and marios point of view is the sequel haha
I think he trying to do the voice of Mario from the old cartoon TV show
There are penguin enemies. So I’m curious if bowser isn’t recruiting for every kingdom he takes
I thought this wasn’t a scary video then I read the sign in the back and can’t sleep
I am very disappointed in you mat pat if you know as much as I do you'd know that bowser has a flying castle in paper mario 64
Lol
why were all the penguins cut out of the trailer analysis?
Too many comments for me to dig through so I don't know if this jas been mentioned, Chris Pratt mentioned koopas instead of goombas because there were no goombas in the original Mario Bros arcade game which is what he was referring to.
Gonna be honest, it's not too late for a recast. They can pull off recasting mario's voice, I'm sure of it. They can do it. Please.
Booo! I'm a ghost~ >< I keep looking at the whiteboard, pretty ghost~
Ice, desert, lava, overworld. Long ago, the 4 nations lived in harmony When suddenly,  Bowser attacked.
Lol calm down Matpat, the delay wasn't that long lol
Couldn’t he have done it on purpose? And I wonder if he begins gruffy but after meeting Princess Peach lightens up more! Maybe...
KOOPAS!                                 -Chris Prat
soooo... Miyamoto is exactly NICE years old
PFFFT MARIO KINDA LOOKS LIKE FIX IT FELIX FROM WRECK IT RALPH UHM AHWHHAAHHAHWHWHSJDJKSJK
20:18 The “Tuxie” stuff you mean.
How many times has matt paused the trailer   | V
Mario seems to be pretty ambiguous  as to where he is actually from. I looked it up, he was obviously created in Japan. Ok, the movie and TV show depict him from Brooklyn, and apparently in *Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island*, he was depicted as an infant being brought to the mushroom kingdom by a stork. "Jumpman" I guess started out as a side character in a Donkey Kong game. So.... long story short. They can make Mario have whatever dang voice they want.
Remember, Mario is a New York/Brooklyn Carpenter then Plumber in Donkey Kong
I don’t get all the Pratt hate lol I’m hyped to see his take Also it was an honest mistake when he said Koopas no big deal
Someone should of said something about his accent: In the Mario movie,       Mario has a Brooklyn accent
19:57 this just tells me you haven't played Mario odyssey or any of the paper mario games, to give some examples.
I feel like too many people are forgetting that most likely the director of the voice actors APPROVED this version of Chris Pratt's Mario voice. He didnt choose it alone, sure he may have done some sugestions and maybe improvised some stuff, but at the end of the day, the person that gives the final approval to the voice acting is the director.  edit: do ya'll really want to hear Mario's voice for like 90 minites straight? also as other comment pointed out, Miyamoto-san also approved it. seriously lets wait and see.
15:33 pure meme material.
truly dont care if he sounds like john wisawsomething
Why could they just not use the original voice actor for mario instead of cris pratt out of all people. Second mario is having the same issue as sonic the movie had with the face being off.
Chris pratt is mario, But it sounds more like Mario is Chris pratt.
I need toad's iconic  "OW wo wo woah" pain sound. desperately
i thumbs up always do I stopped your video and watched the trailer to be honest i loved it bowsers attack is fine. I was born in 84 and put more hours in the original mario than you have slept. Trust im right this movie will beat MCU"s best box office. Im going taking my son and wife. I really like your content
That Chris Pratt part sounded like I was thrown on the spot for sure. I have met Charles at a con that was great. Yeah Mario is the only one I don’t quite like
Chris Pratt really could have just said “stomping goombas” 😭😭
38:45 Luigi's getting his (Charlie) Day
Mario looks like fix it Felix Jr from Wreck-It Ralph
I was REALLY suprised when the Offitial trailer came out
Chris Pratt:  “That’s right, I did the Iggy.”
I think I have a way to play devil's advocate for the pratt man, I think that half of it is for the writers to see how people react to the initial voice, but also I think its partially intentional for him not to sound quite right... yet. Hear me out. He is a plumber working who knows what hours, its dirty work, hard, and now of all things he gets thrown into a new world. Its an incredible place, its cool, but there's the lingering fear of the unknown. Mario, is pensive. He is moving forward.. but its his origin story, so he isn't set to start out as the cheerful man we know.. he turns into that man later. I'm predicting a kind of lightbulb moment where Mario the character finally *clicks* into his role in the world, possibly involving jumping and some adrenaline, where he goes from being unsure.. to actually having legitimate fun! Realizing he can do something... so "Here we gooooo!" That's my hope, I'm locking in my ticket
mario with the heaviest italian accent  and luigi with the most american accent
i wonder if they just using Chris Pratt as a misdirect and not showing the real voice actor and just using chris as a pr stunt?
I mean like… its gonna be a great movie, and then there’s gonna be Mario
When chris Pratt said ........KOOPAS I legit thought it was leaning towards the ugh I hate to say this race feeling but what you said makes waaaaay more sense
Sonic was a good movie, both of them were. I was extremely confused because Chris Pratt was chosen. he's a good actor but not the one for it. I hope the voice and character are altered slighlty. I actually thought his look was accurate just not the voice. If you're going to do new yorker or higher, do it, don't hold back Chris
Honestly I’m loving the feedback from the community but people crapping all over this movie so much is just exhausting am I the only one who thinks this? I’m just exited for this movie all around and I think this is gonna be a great movie!
YOOOOO! I GOT THE TRAILOR AS AN AD FOR THIS VIDEO
I wish they'd take a note from Sonic's group and listen to the fans. RECAST PRATT, HE'S GARBO.
Anyone else get an ad for the Mario movie while watching this
4:27 "Mario is purposely made to be a blank slate" Isn't that because he's the protagonist? That allows players to project themselves onto him (it's the "silent protagonist" trope).
Mario is actually 24 years old, according to Nintendo
I think Chris Pratt's voice will end up being fine. Yes he delivered that one line a little wonky in the context of what's happening in the trailer, but we have to keep in mind that the line might not go with the scene we see in the trailer.(They like to do that) It sounds kinda like sarcasm or feigned enthusiasm to me, which would fit with the normal guy/ reluctant hero story MatPat kinda predicted. If he randomly got dropped in this world and was immediately confronted with an overly enthusiastic Toad insisting he help them, the line said that way makes sense.  Also, I know many of us 90s kids are nostalgic for the campy Italian voice, which is fine when it's only a line or two, but a whole movie like that would get old really quickly.
My Opinion Everything but mario is perfect.  Mario is slightly uncanny because his eyes are to small otherwise its great design... As for the voice...  1. Chris Pratt phoning it in so hard his Fiber optic Internet is making dial-up Noises. 2. Chris Pratt's mario feel like its trying to make you feel for its dog stepping on on bee. 3. On a positive note I will say Though Mr. Fix-it Felix Nailed that Chris Pratt impersonation.
This is who we have for Mario a kopa stopper and he didn’t even try man Mario is really got at doing a cris pat voice
I think you are wrong on chris Pratt
Gonna say, Pratts beginning speech thing seemed so scripted and not genuine at all. I don’t even hate the voice with a passion but I had the same reaction to the beginning as Mat honestly 🤣
We've barley heard his voice so let's give him a chance, I don't understand the hate.
I mean, Mario was originally from Brooklyn so the Brooklyn accent makes sense.
If one Nintendo theory is proven correct, safe to say the rest are too.
Am I the only one that thinks that Bowser looks like what you'd expect his mom to look like?
I don't  necessarily like Matpats theory of mario having a bad life and then getting introduced to the mushroom kingdom, its just another isekai LIKE ALL THE THINGS IN 2022 JUST ISEKAIS
Pratt seems like a cool dude, but that bit was so disingenuous. And, "being Mario is a life long dream" is a blatant lie
I like your spy x family poster in your background but replaced with your family
My God your reaction right dude Matt Pat you are a National treasure
We need “Bower the Musical”!!!
They had to make Mario look jank to match Chris Pratt's "voice acting"
Mario looks like he came from the Wreck it Ralph movie. And Chriss Pratt as Mario is not cutting it for me, needs a better voice actor that sound more like Mario.
0:13 is matpat's theory was right? Maybe the movie is attacking koopas and where's the Goombas
Pratt as Mario is a bad move. Star power + star power. Mario is iconic and Pratt has played too many iconic characters. Mario will now just be star lord in my head and I hate it.
I disagree, I reaaaaaaly like toad, but I agree everything that you said about everything else.
Bruh why must matpat always say somthing so long and pause the trailer then there is no exitment
This is why Matpat gets no Princess.
The first 15 minutes of the video is just a theatre kid making fun of a big time actor.
Didn’t they say this was gonna be a live action animated hybrid a while back???… #liveactionchrisprattmario
POV: You are reacting mario when steam is loading. = BRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHH
You guys are actually making fun of Chris that's genuinely how he talks in interviews...😅
“Koopas (derogatory)”  I love this channel
We don't hear a lot of lines come directly from Mario's mouth, so I think these were just lines thrown into the trailer. Like when Toad pops out, Mario's mouth is open but no sound is coming out. Miyamoto also said that they are finishing up, so obviously not all of the audio is added in. These were just lines for the trailer. Guess we'll see.
he meant Koopas because the actual og mario, not donkey kong
Im on board for The Bowser Movie.
I feel like Chris was told to record a trailer promo and did it on a whim without even planning on what he was going to say. What I don't get is that someone had to have reviewed what he recorded and didn't suggest that maybe he do another take.
Just because Chris forgot for a split second what the Koopa's were called doesn't mean he was being insincere, geez.
its all bowser the floating volcano
It may be because it is almost Halloween but you are about to do theory about the picture directly behind you and/or going for the covered in cobwebs on the right. I could be wrong but they both have the game theory logo
They messed up with Pratt
2 nintendo ads during this video your ad revenue should be amazing
Mario looks like fix-it Felix...
but what if he realized he didn't want to say goomba, an offensive term towards Italians?
stomping                                                                                                    koopas
Were gonna have another sonic scenario cgi again where we tell nintendo to improve chris pratts voiceline
You know to much about Mario
Anyone else expect Chris to do a better Mario voice. Then Mario speaks and its just Chris pratts voice. 🤣 because i had the same reaction matpat did.
Koopa is correct thought.. but you don't stomp him
Miyamoto has actually stated in an interview before that Mario's age is actually around twenty five so he actually isn't middle aged. Also, so many people forget that Mario and Luigi are  canonically twins.
at least jack was exited! maybe
It doesn’t sound like Mario at all, it sounds like a shitty Peter Quill Italian from Brooklyn Accent attempt
My thoughts- Art: Fantastic! Looks awesome!  Bowser: Amazing! Love him 👏 Toad: I think it fits pretty well Mario:...The voice is....fiiiiine... I just wished he sounded like he was at least enjoying his role as Mario 😐 Other than that, I can't wait for this movie!
two most famous games in mario franchise period is 64 and world, so makes sense they would pull almost everything from those for this movie
mario is fine. now would it be a true mario movie if mario sounded like you expected? I would say no
JackBlack: completely formed voice for Bowser  CrisPrat: here     we      come      (?)
i feel like not enough people talked about how great of a voice they got for Kamek
Honestly listening to Mario original voice for a whole 2 hours would be annoying... unfortunately this is not any better..
I dont know why people hate Pratts voice on Mario imo it sounds decent and if you actually think about it Charles Martinets voice are just one liners
I made this point on another video. It’s true that it doesn’t sound like mario but listening to mario’s voice for however long the movie runs might get annoying. It works for the games because mario barely talks in the games but he will be talking a whole lot in the movie.
Well I mean it probably was a while since Chris Pratt played the original Mario bros in a laundromat arcade machine and like other people said. There were only koopas and crabs…probably called turtles and crabs. I think he just forgot their names… justifiable. Probably had to remember the super Mario bros names and was thinking of the 1980 Mario bros game
MatPats MUSIC MAN catchphrase really sticks
a bowser villian song would be so cool lol
“I spent my childhood stomping… Koopas (derogatory)”
Optimism: The language dubs of the trailer also had weird voices for Mario, so it seems intentional. There is a hint of Italian in the voice anyway. People hypothesize that he’s gonna gradually get his iconic voice (or something special as Pratt hints at) throughout the movie, similar to live action Eggman. Mario’s design seems great. It just looks weird because we get to see his chub actually move. He has the right proportions (especially considering he and Luigi are brothers), and the mustache has the same 6 semi-circle design. Animation ends in a week, so the designs aren’t changing. The voice lines might tho.  Also, I don’t think that Toad is Captain Toad. If it’s true that the Toads in Mario are accurate to mushroom genetics like you theorized, then their vests, shoes, and caps are pre-determined. Captain Toad is a Red Toad wearing an adventure jacket, backpack, and cave light (Red Toads have red vests and shoes, regular Toads have blue vests and brown shoes). The Toad we saw doesn’t have red shoes, the same backpack, or the light. He seems to be the same Toad in the poster. With Keagan’s role being “Toad” and not “Toads”, I wonder if that’s the one he only voices, or if he does voice all of them. If he only voices that one, then I expect the other Toads to be a cameo fest of “Can you identify this actor?”.  Lastly, there are Koopa soldiers with a Spiny Shell (AKA Mario Kart Blue Shell), so likely the Spiny Shells come from the Paratroopa versions of them. Do you think these soldiers are kamikaze? Also, Pratt was talking about Koopas from Mario Bros. (1983), not Super Mario Bros. (1985). Specifically, you can jump on the Shellcreepers, a sub-species of Koopa. I think his part of the direct just sounded like a dad to me. It was awkward, but not making me hopeless.
does anyone else think the random cuts in the video are anoying
In the movie Mario will have a wider arrange of expressions and facial movements thanks to the script and dialogue, he HAS to emote a LOT MORE than he ever has had to in the games, so maybe the change in design for the face has that in mind.  Odyssey Mario was a new leap in showing Mario's face and emotions, but maybe for a long format picture they had to go an extra side route with the design and emoting for the face.  I for one really like this look
🍄
Someone said he "said Koopa like it was a slur". And that honestly made me wonder if his first thought, like mine, was "Goomba" but just before he said it something in his brain suddenly went, "Thats sounds like a slur" and he had to shift tracks fast.
WATCH THE TRAILER STRAIGHT THEN GO BACK AND MAKE OBSERVATIONS  lmao
TO BE HONEST THE VOICES FOR MARIO AND TOAD ARE TERRIBLE AND THE MODELS AS WELL HOPEFULLY NINTENDO DOES A BETTER JOB
I respect MatPat opinion but the Mario is way better than I thought it would be, and it’s really good. I just think to many people are trying to find the imperfections so they miss what’s good. The voice is not bad, we haven’t heard a straight sentence from him yet. I just don’t think it’s smart to be quick to judge.
Seems you might be too hard on this MatPat.
I thought canonically, Mario is supposed to be in his mid 20's. Between 24-26 years old, I believe. However, the character resembles someone in their early to mid-30s.
You know I'm kinda am
You know the penguins are also a reference to the new super mario bros wii penguin power. I believe that was when they are first introduced. Also, the throwing snowballs is a key thing of the penguin and ice-man outfits mario and the gang wear all the time.
I still hate you for turning mario into a bad guy
Mario’s design is great but the voice needs work
MUUUUUSICKOOPA!
Maybe Chris Pratt's "MUSHroom KINGdom, heeere weee come!" will turn out like Ben Schwartz's "uuuhh...meow?". When you've heard how a character sounds for decades and then all you hear of someone new to the role is one quick thing without full context, of course it'll sound wrong. But with Sonic at least, once I heard Schwartz doing full scenes, it started to sound right. Maybe this take on Mario will, too.
I like the voice for Mario, it reminds me of Mario's voice from Super Mario Bros Super Show (which I really liked watching).  In that, he's fron Brooklyn, so I theorize he's from Brooklyn in the movie, considering his confusion at first, and he came through a pipe, which (if I remember correctly), was something that also happened in Super Mario Bros Super Show.
I feel like Chris's stumble looks like he's specifically stopping himself from saying the word "Goomba" for a reason.  Substituting "koopas" is awkward because that's not part of the normal phrase, but he was probably asked to avoid the word for some reason.
Can we all just take a second to appreciate the marvelous googly eyes on the wall, as well as the Halloween decorations
I wouldn't say they really took anything away from Mario's design, they really just fully textered his clothing and changed his eyebrows so they'd have a lot more expression which is really important obviously if we want to give Mario more of a personality
I think Prat stopped himself from saying goomba, i think that its a slur for italian people so saying he spent his childhood stomping goombas may be taken out of context in a big way in todays media environment
It's like Chris was playing MadLibs 😂.
Is it too late to go a different direction with the voice lmao
the french mario sounds better
Why didn’t they give the job of Mario to Charles Martinet? The guy that’s done his voice since the 90s?
why do you guys hate cris prat. if you were hem and you dont remember the name i wuld be made fun of UNSUBCRIBE
Of course MUSIC MAN made his way into this video!
what if theyre doing sonic all over again.  the hate theyre getting is mario voice/ hate sonics look the fans outraged they change it in movie what if chris pratt mario voice is different in the movie
Pratt Mario reminds me of the Super Mario Brothers Supa Show
Bro the rock is going to be Kirby in the Kirby movie and medanight is will smith
I don’t care too much about Pratt being Mario, I just wish the voice had more effort into it and sounded less like Pratt’s normal voice. It worked for the Lego movie because it was a brand new character. Mario has decades of notoriety so I don’t want to just imagine Chris when I hear the voice. It simply breaks all possible immersion
You two are annoying just feels like you’re envious of Chris Pratt success he’s Mario!!
The movie is releasing on April 7th which is National beer day in America
Instead of here we come they should've pulled out the  Let's a go!  Would've been best
I would not decide on how I like the mario voice until we get more of it. Just like donkey kongs voice, since I can't see Seth doing a good one.
I think that the toad in the trailer is going to become captain toad by the end of the movie
Seriously, I have been so disappointed with Chris Pratt stuff for a while. I really hope he doesn't drag this movie down, because it looks great so far. If they wanna do a Sonic movie and change the Mario voice actor, I'll accept waiting for the movie.
fictional characters ARE their voices. like!! you voice mario for 30 years and this is what happens?? the disrespect…… Charles deserved better
Can you play Dogworld? 6th time asking and ima keep asking until you add it :D Take your time doing it i know you probably have a lot of games on the list.
Emmet and Benny are back, and awesome
I honestly dont mind a lot of the stuff you nitpick. Mario's voice isnt great. Hes going more for the animated series Brooklyn accent. But the visiuals and everything are fine to me
Pratt said stompin koppas in a Mario Bros arcade game. There are no goombas in Mario Bros but there are something similar to koopas in the game, so at least there is that.
Those penguins alone deserve a spinoff series
22:44 He was aiming for Brooklyn, and if he got Queens in there too, that's fine tbh
Toad: "Don't touch that Mushroom or you'll die. Oh my mistake, this one's harmless."  I think Toad has played way too many Super Mario Bros 2, Lost Levels.
Take on the line delivery of Mushroom Kingdom here we come.  One i am not sure it will even be in the finished movie, but also, this guy possibly just got shoved into another world. Found a mushroom man and then is told were going to the Mushroom Kingdom to probably save the world or something from a fire breathing turtle named BOWSER.  If this was me i would be thinking I SMOKED SOME SHROOMS and this was all a fevered dream.  The almost disbelief in the line would be understandable, because wtf what did i smoke....
I don't hate mario in this but I do believe there is room for improvement everything else I love
There is but one toad capable of such confidence...
Nintendo needs to change Mario's voice actor
The mario is just bad. He doesn't ever sound like mario.
Pratt being Mario is perfectly ok, Nintendo could basically hire anyone they would want to be his V.A. Pratt got the job and Nintendo being the helicopter company that they are would of axed it if they got scared or didn't feel it was right. (Also they told him to do his own version of mario and not try and duplicate charles version) So just hating on a voice that we hear for less than 5 seconds is silly.
16:58 xD ‘how oild is miyamoto’, gotta love little typos
you know it's based on the first cartoon version of Mario and he had a Brooklyn accent
hey he's not technically wrong I've stomped many a turtle koopa in mario  Edit: i didnt realise it was about an arcade machine game
I think we should take into account the Marvel trailer theory where Hulk was not in Infinity war but it was Hulk Buster instead on the trailer. Perhaps Illumination is trying to be secretive and and as a diversion, they pick one of Chris's bad voice takes for Mario.
In my opinion Everyone did good but mario
This may be a movie more worth watching for every character OTHER than Mario.
I’m going to try my best to be as positive as I can here about Chris Pratt’s Mario. First off, we really didn’t get to hear that much of his voice, so these voice lines might not be the whole picture of the voice. For all we know, there are other parts in the movie where Mario has a thicker accent and is more energetic. Second, not every line that’s heard in trailers makes it to the final cut, so perhaps there are other takes of this line where Pratt has more character in his voice. Third, this is only our first ever trailer to this whole thing, being a teaser. Teaser trailers are only meant to show off what a project looks like, and are meant to be first glimpses of said projects, so again, it’s very possible we aren’t seeing the final cuts behind Pratt’s Mario voice. And last, if nothing else convinces you, well then maybe this voice is eventually just going to grow on people. When the cast was announced for the first time, there were a lot of people that didn’t really stick with it initially, however we all eventually just got used to it. I don’t particularly like this voice myself, but maybe one day that will change. I hope this gave you at least a little more faith in this movie as a whole, I definitely have some faith in this movie myself. If this doesn’t change how you feel about it, I’m ok with that to. If you bothered to read this whole message, thanks for the time, really. It feels good to know someone heard my thoughts 👍
40:26 MUUUUSIC MAAAAAN!!!! 🤣
i think people are over hating on mario, everyone went into this thinking he would be bad so they think he is bad
Just a friendly reminder that only in one country Mario is Cris :)
40 minutes of Matt dumping on Chris Pratt for giving Nintendo the exact voice they wanted for Mario…
That's Captain toad so... He would have more confidence
No need to be so disrespectful. It can be easy to forget simple things or get things mixed up during a live presentation. Very likely he was about to say stomping Goombas but realized he was mixing the NES game and arcade game up and had to awkwardly try to correct mid mistake.  But I guess I shouldn't be surprised that MatPat would be disrespectful of people, as he slandered Mario calling him a sociopath and never apologized when he was proven wrong. I do enjoy some of his videos, but MatPat himself as a person needs improvement.
Charles martinet did mario teaches typing and that's not to high
12:26 Matpat momentarily turns into Michael Jacksom
When Matpat looks up  his age ,nice 👌🏻😏👌🏻
I'm gonna be defending Pratt on this one. We really haven't seen Mario say a full sentence, we have already been used to only him saying "Its A Me Mario" and other sounds like game over sounds so it will feel new when we hear Mario having full on conversations with the other characters
I think the movie is going to start live action with Chris playing a guy that loves Nintendo. A portal drops him into the video game world and the only way home is with the star Bowzer stole. He's going to spend most of the movie pointing out things he recognizes from the games he loves.
I don't like the cuts on the trailer, they cut the best parts off
I guess they were aiming for a voice that was a cross between the Super Mario Bros Super Show voice to the Mario Game N64 onwards Voice.  I think this was before he got the cheerful voice.
People are already changing the intro to edit chris out and swapping to charles ai.
Personally I think Chris Pratt did an okay job, not amazing, but good. I think we just aren’t used it (including me). I will say though, I think this looks better than Sonic movie. I hope they don’t over do it with the plot. Just give Mario and Luigi a rags to riches call to adventure movie.
Come on, go easier on Chris. It wasn’t that bad at all.
he did not mention the penguins 0/10
Weird thought but I want to see Stephanie's reaction to the Mario voice.  I already can see her cringing hard, but I just want to see😂
Did you know they are making fnaf movie.
Like he could have at least said mushroom Kingdom let's a go cuz that's the thing that Mario says but he just didn't
LETS GO!!!
Unless Christ Pratt is going through some grey matter decay he should know the iconic enemies of Mario....me thinks he didn't play any Mario games growing up.
I am absolutely here for Bowser singing a villain song
Mat pat you disappoint me I expected to know about the super mario bros super show animated TV show
I think Mario looks like, Mario and I think the voice is fine.
pratt’s voice feels like the super mario super show guy but his voice is less thick
Hey completely unrelated but i was wondering if you guys are planning on playing Bonelab (Bonework's sequel ) on the channel. Watching your play through of Boneworks is what originally got me into VR games and i was hoping to see Matt play through Bonelab too
If you listen to it again, Chris Pratt uses a Slight Brooklyn Accent
I think what everyone doesn’t understand is that the times mario speaks is   Ahhhhh, Oof, Ugh, what is this place, Mushroom kingdom here we come  Bowser got some good lines at the start, you could hear what his voice was like  Same goes for kamic  Toad is perfect
😅 it's not that bad I guess
mat you shoud do a theory on bee and puppycat
I think choosing Chris Pratt instead of Charles Martinet was the first thing they got wrong, but with Chris Pratt, the best thing would definitely be for him to keep his normal voice because it would sound too strange to have him trying another accent like in the “mushroom kingdom here we come”
This Mario looks like they tried to make the in game model look like Bob Hoskins from the live action movie. 😅
2 thigs you missed.  One, the penguins weren't even in your video, you never showed your thoughts on them, except how weird it was they were there.  Two, the Penguins have been in almost every 3D (not 2.5D) Mario game, except the DS games, and Mario Odyssey.
I actually like the idea of Mario being played straight and experiencing all of the over the top wacky characters alongside the audience.
Film Theory: Mario swallows a magic mushroom that gives him his iconic voice!  Also I hope we get a better trailer that people can insert "Gangster's Paradise".😂
It think it looks great 🤷 i can get over chris pratt, the animation and overall feel if the trailer gives me a lot if hope
Chris pratt is gonna be awful
HOWD HE TURN KOOPAS INTO A SLUR IM CRYING
Reminder that in the original arcade game you cant stomp any of the enemies. You have to hit the platform from below and then kick them while they're flipped over. Chris pls... tell me you've at least played a single game! Heck at this point I'll accept a spinoff sports game as proof that you know who Mario is.
Theory: Mario Pratt's voice is gonna be awesome in the actual movie
I see a sussy plushy on your couch
Use return YouTube dislike to see dislikes
Chris is so funny😊
I don’t hate Chris Pratt’s choice to do a voice more similar to Captain Lou Albano’s Brooklyn accent from The Super Mario Bros. Super Show, I grew up watching that show and it was a fun throwback
Starts at 17:50
mario saying here we come! instead of HERE WE GOOOOOOOOOOO!!! hurts me deeply inside
I absolutely 100% appreciate the "NINTENDO HIRE THAT MAN" reference one of my more favorite internet jokes
Toad says Mario's name like he knee who he was
I liked the trailer and I am excited for this movie
Atleast the Sonic movie was better than this one tho-
If you are right about the newyork thing, the way Pratt is playing Mario makes a lot of sense. It’s not the same as the Mario we know, but I think it’s actually possible that Pratt was asked to not to a Mario impression because of the script they made for him.   I bet Pratt did a good job with what he got.
Chris Pratt will be a good Mario. Like Lou Albano and Bob Hoskins, can't change my mind :)
The cuts in this video made it not enjoyable to watch. Talking about the penguins for over a minute but cutting the trailer so much that we didn't even see them is horrid. Long time fan and I'll still watch more but I hope this is a one time thing.
11:07 Goombas weren't in the original arcade game, there were turtles and crabs
Honestly I don't like how they keep bashing on Chris and mario, tbh I think its gonna be a great experience
45:19 "...better or worse than Sonic?!" - Matthew "MatPat" Patrick  If I can be extremely transparent about this..., *I would hope for Mario to chase Sonic once again and beat the $724 million written on box office record!*  Hey, it may already sound like a risk factor for Nintendo, but who knows, *maybe they're planning that RIGHT NOW* as they make adjustments for the release of their FIRST EVER MARIO MOVIE! ~...maybe...?
Matpat Charles martinet was actually in the credit roll of the credits
Oof, MatPat's a little overreacting.
I do want to see in defense of Chris Pratt. He said he was playing the MArio vs Luigi arcade machine. Which doesn't have the traditional enemies, but does have koopas.
In defense of Cris, I only learn the names of the enemies in Mario when I started to watch YouTube videos, much older. Like they dont say "These are koopas" in Mario arcade games, so if he only played as a child, he might never knew or forget.
Mario's voice sounds kinda weird ngl...... They nailed toad though.
It GENERALLY looks FAR better than Sonic - and I didn't MIND Sonic but I felt that both Sonic movies are just...eh, they exist. THIS looks like something I'd have on my shelf. EXCEPT for one problem. Mario. I think he looks fine - I have NO issue with the look. But Charles Martinet was MORE than capable of adjusting his voice a bit or even dropping the accent a bit, toning it down, dropping the pitch, whatever they needed  just to have a TOUCH of the Mario we know and love but with a more grounded voice IF that was the concern. I think what needs to happen at this point - BEST POSSIBLE OUTCOME here - would be (since it's too late to fully recast) to bring Charles Martinet in, record ALL of Mario's lines with Charles and offer an alternate VERSION of the movie - maybe call it the "Classic edition" - and that way the studio gets to have their Chris Pratt name on the posters (as if that's a selling point right now) and still keep the audiences happy. BETTER would be to drop Pratt altogether and just spend the next several months re-dubbing everything with Charles BUT we all know they won't do that after the tens of millions they sank into casting Chris Pratt.   I have a feeling Miyamoto maybe thought it was a good idea because he doesn't really understand English - so to him, whatever English voice it is doesn't matter as much and maybe he thinks "that Chris Pratt guy looks fun and is in successful movies, he seems ok". A non-English speaker may not realize that to a native English speaker, that voice sounds AWFUL and inauthentic.   Anyway I think that's the best solution here - alternate Charles Martinet edition for the blu-ray release.
Chris Pratt either had a brain fade when he was trying to say he grew up stomping Koopas.  In the original Mario Bros arcade game, they were called Turtles before the word Koopa was thought about. Also you had to bump those Turtles from below to turn them onto their backs before stomping them.
Personally I am getting tired of Chris Pratt
Now it makes sense that they are delaying the movie after the trailer release. I don't think Mario's voice in the trailer is the final product, probably Matt is right about releasing a visual trailer and see what people opinion is about Mario's voice, specially with the popular french dub, why Nintendo would allow other voice dub to be more similar to the game's than the "official" one?
I remember logging on to Reddit and the first thing i saw was a post talking about how the trailer disproved mats theory
I personally don’t hate the trailer but I also don’t like it, Here are my personal issues.  1.The design- I dont honestly like the expressions shown in the trailer by Mario, it’s okay but it’s not ideally I portray Mario.  2.The voice- Now I get where they’re going with Chris Pratt and everything but I just don’t understand the tone of Mario’s voice. I personally haven’t seen many movies with Chris’s voice (which I just realized he was in Sing which I’ve seen) but I just don’t agree with it.  3.The premise- Now I understand that the movie is set in a few different places (Mushroom kingdom, New York/Donk City, etc.) but is all of the mushrooms shown in the trailer leading to the mushrooms kingdom or what,- I just don’t know.  Final thoughts: I personally don’t hate Mario’s voice or Mario’s design but honestly my opinion is fine or at best meh, I rate it 7.5/10 or 3.5/5. Now is the movie watchable still with those rating? Yes, yes indeed I do still plan on seeing it in theaters but I do wish some things were changed.  (Not a review and shouldn’t be taken to heart! Your opinion is your opinion, My opinion is my opinion!)
I feel the people going like "JUST PLAY THE VIDEO"
I am hoping, but I doubt it, that as Mario travels around the mushroom kingdom his voice slowly changes into more of a Mario voice instead of staying as Chris Pratt's voice. It might happen when he eats a mushroom there.  Its a stretch but there might still be hope.
I have no idea why chris saying "stomping.... koopas" is so funny but ok😊😊
hate to defend Chris on this but I think the pause before he said koopas was a genuine mistake. typically you'd think of goombas but they weren't in the Mario arcade game
He was talking about Mario Bros not Super Mario Bros. Koopa Troopas are the turtle’s name.
Wether this movie is a dumpster fire or a masterpiece, I'm here for it.
Mario, within this movie trailer, looks a little similar to,  Bob Hoskins.
The part Where it Says Mushroom Kingdom Here we come! Is actually Toad speaking
Chris Pratt should not be marios voice
Can we convince Nintendo to hire Ryder (Footofaferret) to do Mario?
Any chance you guys could get rid of the little spiders in the background? They're super distracting and make me want to listen instead of watch.
Brooklyn mario never really liked that version of mario
😂MUSIC MANNNNN  no one: Matpat: Mario but fnaf 😂😂😂😂😂
I could be wrong but when Chris said koopas I don't think he forgot, I think he was being cheeky because everyone calls them turtles he even had a small smirk after so maybe it was on purpose
Well I kinda like how they did Mario it is allowing the people behind the movie to make their own story with help from Nintendo and Miyamoto and make their own Mario. I guess they could’ve taken the way Mario looks straight from the game but I think that would’ve taken away from the fact this is a movie where obviously this is Mario’s first time in the mushroom kingdom. So being different from the game actually helps with that idea. It doesn’t hurt the film I honestly think it makes it better. Plus Chris actually works very well with how Mario looks.
If we're going by the Super Mario Supershow, then Mario and Luigi lived in Brooklyn before being sucked into a warp pipe leading them into the Mushroom kingdom (Istg if this movie ends up just being a revamped version of the cartoons I am going to spontaneously combust)
I love the chapter title being: koopas (derogatory)
Love how much they skip of the trailer
Matpat can make a short trailer into an hour reaction lol
All I’m thinking “STOP FUCKIN PAUSING AND WATCH THE TRAILER”
I thought Chris's voice was fine, I do hope as we hear more lines it's more clearly a light Brooklyn accent (though I would've been happy if they had gone full Capt. Lou Albano) but I think it'll be fine. Also I thought the model looked fine too, the freezeframe from the leak didn't look great but in motion I think it works.
yah matt. definitly not the gumpas.Its totaly ompa loompas
The Trolls did it better...
Matpat no offense but I feel you're being... Aggressively hard on Chris Pratt
You missed a joke! "Luigi gets his CHARLIE day"
Day 15 please play spiritfarer
Is it just me or is Mario just a reskinned Fit-it Felix?
I mean Pratt's interview  yes its funny that he kinda forgot but in his defence he was put on spot sorta but that's just me
I have this strange feeling that even with Chris Pratt as Mario, they might add the original voice actor for some action points (I.e. Juno’s, getting hit, etc) or make it extremely meta about it mid way through the film…  Either way 7.5/10 probably worth watching once just to experience that nostalgia
I am more exited of Charle Day as Luigi
I mean to be fair there were no Goombas in the Mario Bros arcade game, so the stomping koopas line made sense
wow youre voice is acually legit
Oh...the wall has eyes now lol!
MARIO'S ORIGIN STORY IS GOD DAMB SUPER MARIO SUPER SHOW CHANGE MY MIND
Let's not forget the levels in the first Mario Brothers where there are mushrooms in the clouds. @ 28:35 this is the begins of Captain Toad.  @ 37:04 Luigi is awesome, it still works with your theory if they both went down different pipes.  Or if the pipe warps to random places as it's old and not maintained or used as much as the other pipes in the Mushroom Kingdom.  Can't weight in on the last question as I have yet to make time to watch the Sonic movie despite wanting to.
Biggest disappointment of the trailer; the movie is being released exactly 4 weeks late...
"I spend my childhood stomping--- KOOPAS" Chris Pratt is not smart when it comes to Super Mario, because he should have said "I spend my childhood stomping Goombas"
My theory is that Chris Prat is just a font for whoever they really got to voice Mario.
idk if this is stepping over any line matpat but if mario and sonic or linked or something, isnt mushroom kingdom like the sonic one where eggman was
you onviously WANT to be negitive about chris... just IMAGINE hearing the iconoc mario voice for an hour and a half by a MAIN charicter who is going to have MANY lines. it would get annoying.
I am dying of laughter
Why is it so hard to get an Italian to play Mario?
Bro you made fun of Chris Pratt for no reason - yeah his voice sounds weird but you got mad about how he did the interview?
Mario sounds like Asland from the books of Narnia
Omg I’m in there
I'm seeing lots of people talking that Chris Pratt meant the original arcade or that koppas are also an enemy in the nes game, but dudes, have you ever considered that he may never have truly played any? Or that he has played casually enough to know the name of an element or two, but not enough to remember the names of said elements?
Am I the only one skipping all the smack talk to see the actual trailer lol  I actually think the trailer and all the actors are great. I have 0% to complain about at this point in time.
Chrisprat
How did he almost made a hour long video about a 2:26 minute video
maybe the "here we come" is him on the fence about jumping in the pipe and they moved the line for the trailer :/ idk
Bowsers energy is so good in the trailer alone like it’s so over the top villian and cartoony it’s just absolutely incredible
Matpats laugh always crack me up🤣🤣🤣
The Penguins are from more games than just Super Mario 64. They're called Bumpty's in most games, and the New Super Mario Bros series has Cooligans as well. Plus, Paper Mario has a whole city full of Penguins!
Luigi is in the after credits of the trailer
Am i one of the few people who actually enjoyed Chris's voice in the trailer? i am honored...i think? XD
The original Mario was from Brooklyn so meh. Dunno what people are harping about.   Also, with the crazy world we live in? If he tried to do a crappy Italian accent he would get WAY more flack. People are crazy on the internet.  I mean I don't mean to be one of those preachy people but I am so tired of people ripping into Chris Pratt any chance they get. Of COURSE he isn't going to live up to Chris Martinay's interpretation. They don't have the same vocal chords. Nothing is going to be the idealistic Mario.  Just like having the different Buzz Lightyear VAs. They are two completely separate iterations of Mario. Both are different Mario's. Just like movie Sonic is NOT videogame Sonic.  People need to go into there, scrub their mind of videogames, and pretend you live in a timeline where you have NEVER experienced any media concerning Mario.   Just vibe with the fact that they're making a game movie with ACTUAL care to lore and details. It's going to be a good ride if you go in with a blank mind and a blank slate.   People need to learn to be more impartial when you're on the internet. I know it's hard considering the way the human brain is wired.   But people need to quit sh*tting on the man. Y'all literally put the man in therapy for the constant abuse he suffers on the internet. I mean you guys literally ripped into him for a NORMAL post full of mushy gushy love for his wife. I bet if you saw a post on your cousin's profile talking about how much they love their wife in the EXACT same manner you wouldn't tear them apart.   No matter what job you have or the amount you make it doesn't make you immune or emotionless. Take that into account when talking about celebrities. My God people are vile.
Tell me why the GT Live intro sounds like the 16th Naruto Shippuden opening
I saw this and was like "woah, everything bowser is awesome! Hehehe, the penguins are so fun and taking themselves so seriously! Wow, like the look of the mushrooms!"   Then heard mario's voice, and was IMMEDIATELY taken out of it, and it broke ALL of the beautiful and wicked immersion they masterfully had crafted in the other 90% of it.   :(  My mario movie, but not my mario. Sorry, Chris Pratt.
I could literally hear the dial-up tone between stomping and koopas lol
Chris Pratt is younger than me and Mario only exists on the the at home NES.
Bowser's Fire breath feels more like a surprisingly (lesser) form of the Gigantic Bowser breath from Bowser's Fury.
bro what is wrong with the voice
im predicting a mario vs sonic movie will come out
I feel like Chris Pratt doesn’t feel like he needs to try anymore.
God more crying about Chris for no reason. He sounds fine.
yo this looks cool
“all the enemies: goombas, koopas… _koopas_ “
mushroom hill zone and mushroom kingdom may be covered in mushrooms but they're not the same thing  mushroom hill zone is only on angel Island and the mushroom kingdom is huge part of landmass
I do think that the trailer that was watched might have been an incomplete trailer, so there's that, but also the first proper line from Chris Mario probably isn't from that scene, it just doesn't fit
Wait the GameXTheory postor in the background is adorable what the heck, I did not expect you guys to have a spyxfamily theme art in the room
Is Ryan Reynolds going to break in say just kidding while Chris Pratt is talking?
Donkey Kong and Pauline are Act 1?
The Rock playing Thwomp would be incredible. We also need Jordan Peele to play Toadette.
Just gonna throw an odd ball out there, but maybe that is Mario’s original look before eating so many mushrooms
Oh no…he’s gonna make lore video on 2 of the most memeable company’s nowhere is safe now
I have a feeling they changed Marios voice due to the "stereotypical" Italian voice offending a certain group of people. It's the only reason I can see why they would've even thought about it..
19:08 what I love is that similar to other movies like despicable me, the background Characters have abit of life in them, like the koopas next to Kamek react with their eyes to where Kamek is
Honestly, I still don't understand why people still hate Chris pratts voice for this... I think it first just fine. I certainly can't think of anyone better other then the games voice of Mario himself.
The island is mostly like paper mario style if you ask me
The criticisms Chris Pratt is getting for Mario's voice is very unfair. The thing is, I could see Charles Martinet's voice getting very annoying after about 15 mins, a bit like Jar Jar Binks in the Star Wars prequels. It's fine for video games because Mario doesn't have any real dialogue, but in 1.5 hr movie, it could get very grating. I like that they're going with a more Brooklyn accent.
In Chris Pratts defense, the original Mario Bros arcade game didn't have Goombas in it, but did have Koopas.
If y’all thought Pratt was bad, you should review your president’s speeches
Mario's only 24-25
You are being negative
What are you talking about MatPat? Mario is 25, Shigeru told us so.
I FULLY understand why so many people are thrown off by Pratt's voice, but I like it, and I think it will grow on people
Conspiracy theory: They did several takes with Pratt, but went with that one to drum up controversy. So When they REALLY reveal a full trailer, we will be blown away by Mario...  🤞Let me dream 🤞
I'll probably get flack for this but Chris Pratt is the thing that's going to ruin this movie.
Maybe they hired Chris pratt to a younger which in the the end gets replaced with original voice actor for Mario as well as taking on the orginal 3d design for the character as well ?    Probably not though
Luigi sounds like Louie Duck.
I'm 1000© against the voice choice as well, but I think MatPat was too harsh about it
Ngl I would rather see you guys playing fnaf than reading lore
MATPAT PLS DONT RUIN THIS FOR ME!!!🙁
Eh, I think you're being too harsh, MatPat. I didn't have an issue with Pratt's voice for Mario.
Charles Martinet voiced Mario for 30 years, and the Mario movie comes that people will see... They instead choose an actor who will make them more money instead of the man who gave Mario A VOICE TO BEGIN WITH. Nintendo don't care. Nintendo never cared.
if the mario movie actually turns into a musical and not an actual movie i will be very angery
Only MatPat could stretch two minutes into forty-five, I'm all for it.
I’m sorry but what’s the point of a reaction video if YOU CUT OUT ALL OF THE STUFF WORTH REACTING TOOOOOO lol
I’m actually looking forward to this
tbh i think Chris's voice will be better than listening to some stereotypical Italian voice for like 2 hrs straight.  A little addition to it wouldn't hurt, but i think its fine.
I think the reason why mario wasn't happy enough when he said mushoom kingdom here we come is becuase it's his first take and we are going to here the final take when the movie realses
Mat really missed out on a food theory "Can mushrooms really make you bigger"
the accent sounded like a brooklyn accent that has been comfirmed in one of the mario games (i dont remember which one but there was one) where he said he was from brooklyn so thats prolly why it was good for the teams eyes to be released
Why is koopas derogatory? I don't get it.
Chris pratt was confused as what go say, because he hasn't played it in such a long time
am i stupid or does that intro sound a lot like silhouette at the start lol
I bet, this movie is to promote, the super Mario world and maybe, on referencing, the world itself.
Your coach is sus
i personally LOVED the voice from the super mario brothers super show. its a shame what happened
33:30 speaking facts
I love how chris also repeated words for word what he said before
I also played the Super Mario Bros. Arcade ver. as a kid. I didnt think there was anything wrong with Chris having said Koopas, I always called them "snapping turtles". Cuz they went from green to red to purple/blue. And the weird blue and red sewer fumes. So yeah, I dont think he was wrong, people just don't like him.
I just REALLY hope they didn't do the Space Jam thing where it starts with live action Chris Pratt walking around in the real world, he falls into a manhole in NYC or something and comes out in the mushroom kingdom looking like Mario but sounding like Chris Pratt and it turns out to all be a dream he had in a coma or some nonsense like that. In my book that'd make it worst by FAR than the 1993 film. I don't want to HEAR Chris Pratt - I certainly don't want to SEE him in a MARIO movie.
Maybe it's because I don't have *as much* attachment to the OG Mario franchise, but I think MatPat is honestly being harsher than he should be on Chris Pratt with this. Like, being hypercritical of that little interview (which other commenters have already given plausible defenses of), and of the voice, which I could see needing to be like that for the sake of the overall plot (Mario's less enthusiastic "Here we go!" being to do with hesitation after being isekai'd)
You honestly gotta feel bad for the penguins, first, bowser destroys their kingdom. Then years later, Mario comes in and drops their children into an abyss demanding a star for compensation
Bro I could play Mario better then Christ Pratt! I could do a little og brooklin mario from the og cartoon to make it easier to voice act him. And be like "I spent my whole childhood slaying Koopalings, crushing castles and Speed running super mario bros 3 just by hunting down worp wissles. Now i have become the one I mastered. itsa me, a MARIO! YAHHOOO!"    This sounds cringier than I thought 😅
My theory is that he is in short maRio mode before the power up and that’s why he looks a little weird
This definitely felt like Nintendo wanted to give us a small taste of Mario’s voice just to see what we thought of it. I personally think it has potential, but I’ll have to hear more of Mario before I can fully form my opinion on him. But for now, I think Chris Pratt has potential.
I just want a scene with the Toad scream
Dude Mario is 24 to 25 years old what are you talking about
My theory is that both Pratt and Jack are acting during those opening bits. Mario is still trying to figure things out and Bowser is proud and boastful it makes perfect sense if you look at what happened in that light.
C'mon Matt, Mario has wholesome moments. You're making it sound like he's just a messed up person who hates his brother
I would love to see this all turn out to be a huge troll. They get Chris Pratt to do some terrible lines, botch interviews, sow dread into the hearts of fans... then when you go see the actual movie, it's all Charles Martinet.
Let's assume mat pat's theory on mario's origin and character arc are true and are implemented in this movie. I would like to build on it by adding an interesting idea. What if Mario sounds very much like Chris Pratt in the beginning of the movie BECAUSE he is uninspired by his own life as a plumber, and only finds his unique voice and sense of adventure throughout the film; thus before the movie ends and Marios' character arc is complete we hear this once dull Mario pull out the big guns and exclaim, "It's a me Mario!"
ngl, stomping koopa's is more satisfying than stomping goomba's. Goomba's just go POP, whereas koopa's allow you to bounce on the shield or hit multiples by propelling the shield :p  ngl, before watching this episode, I'd seen the trailer muted... It was better without sound... They should've went for Charles Martinet instead of Chris Pratt... Also, Mario looks like Fixit Felix from Wreck It Ralph  But yeah, iffy on the Mario voice and face, Luigi looks epic
Not a fan of his chubby cheeks
Emmett from the Lego movie sounded really good and was well acted imo so what happened lol I'll assume that it was just a bad line and the rest works 🙃
The "hey look, its Miles Morales" in the chat got me lmao
Hey, yall are going to hate me. Why does Mario look like Fix it Felix. I would say that I would watch the movie to check it out and fully judge it that way, but other than that I agree with the consensus of the movie trailer. Also, love your vids MatPat, keep it up.
"Stomping........            KOOPAS"
this video has been edited so weirdly, taking out the first reaction to bowsers voice the penguin reactions a super hard cut at the very start of the trailer?
MatPat, I know you feel disappointed with Chris Pratt's performance so far, and you want him to amp up the jolliness that Mario is known for in his voice, but think about it. You said in your theory that maybe Mario is down in the dumps before he comes to the Mushroom Kingdom. So maybe that not-so-enthusiastic line of "Mushroom Kingdom, here we come." is Mario being exasperated at the situation he's in, he just wants to go home back in New York/Donk City. So here's my theory, Mario feels like a fish out of water for a better part of the movie, and comes to grow attached to the Mushroom Kingdom and the rest of the world he's found himself in by the time we get to the climax. As the end of the movie rolls in, Mario is presented with a new adventure and we finally get our iconic "Wahoo!" out of our super star. This is me giving Chris Pratt the benefit of the doubt seeing as how he's never done voice work before.
I'm waiting for more to judge how I feel about Mario. He doesn't look bad, and honestly I don't even think he sounds bad either. That Chris clip though does feel very phoned in. I think that the expectations for Nintendo to make Mario a good character are exceedingly high, and I think the expectations for Chris to be a good voice actor are exceptionally low. In part due to a fair amount of negative bias. Who knows though. Maybe Chris was a bait and switch all along.
I like Mario's design EXCEPT his overalls. They are way too detailed and make Mario look odd. Every other part of Mario is pretty smooth but is overalls are really bunchy and fibrous.
MatPat making fun of Chris Pratt as the VA for Mario because it's the popular internet opinion. It sounds fine, and you've heard a few lines from him and are basing an entire movie off it.
I was excited to watch this when I first learned about it, but, now I’m just excited to play it for my 4yr old. He’s got a new sudden obsession with Mario so I think he’ll love this. 🙈
Chris accent sounds like something out of a Vaudeville. But that's my only real complaint. It's weird though Mario's face at different angles and expressions look like his original video game self, which can be a little  jarring for us long time fans.
The penguins were a perfect pull, both for humoring the kids and for hitting the older audience with 64 nostalgia. Also there were penguins in Mario Galaxy 2.
Considering Charles Martenet is in the movie, last I saw from the credits, would it be possible that Mario ends up with something that changes his voice into the classic Mario voice?
HE SAID IT, HE SAID THE THING!!
Ngl the “who’s gonna stop me!” Line sounds for a split second like the rock
21:32 Thats my theory
I think Mario’s accent is supposed to be bad because he’s not actually THE Mario. He has to save Charles Martinet’s Mario
38:46 You could even say he is getting his... Charlie Day
11:59 goombas were introduced in super mario brothers, the nes game, he was talking about the arcade one, the that was released before the nes one, therefore goombas were not in the game he’s talking about, only koopas. At least I’m pretty sure.
That KFC deep fryer-hopping sewer-loving New York Crisp Rat, he didn’t even try
Yeah. It's ridiculous how ironic it is that they seem to have nailed every character in this Mario movie _except for Mario himself._
Wow mat, gonna slander Chris because you don't know all of your Mario lore, smh
I AM MAD ABOUT MARIO'S FAKE VOICE
The only thing I’m wondering is why I didn’t get the notification for the movie on my SWITCH
Chris Pratt seems like he may ruin an otherwise good movie. I’m more disappointed than I expected to be somehow.
I got the movie preview as an ad for watching this lmao
Voice Director :: "We're looking for New York. But FRIENDLY. Pratt :: ............ What?!
I can't be the only one who thought of King Dedede when i saw the fucking penguins
why did you cut out the penguins or half of bowsers intro???
I was disappointed months ago when I first heard Pratt was doing the voice of Mario. But here's the thing, we all have this set idea in our head of what Mario is supposed to sound like, and anything that deviates from that idea is naturally irritating. However, I'm old enough to remember the old cartoons with Lou Albano, and his voice sounded nothing like video game, and I was fine with that. So... I'm going to try to approach this with an open mind and give it a chance. At the very least, it looks visually stunning, so even if the movie bombs, I think we can at least appreciate the hard work of the animators.
Mario looks and sounds good not perfect but it could be worse way worse.
I think this movie is going to be really good….. Just so long as they don’t make it boring… And maybe tweak Mario’s voice. But I also think we need more than 8 words from him.   Also I’m super excited about Bowser he looks and sounds amazing!!
Well, I had to stop watching cause they skipped over his first reaction of the penguins. I loved that part in trailer and they skipped over it entirely. I wanted to see all of his reactions.
Who else saw who how oild is miyamoto
Why’d you cut the reaction to bowsers voice :(
Why are ppl hating on Pratt….. come on ppl. Give it a break
Pat stop hating give Chris a chance he is trying it’s a teaser it so there can be feedback just like you said about the sonic movie
The original Mario Bros. arcade game didn’t have Goombas so it makes sense to not say stomping the little angry mushrooms
Day two of trying to get a heart from GTLive
29:55 I don't think that's the real line.  I think we're hearing a line that's lifted from another scene, or it's been recorded just for the trailer; it's just a gut feeling I have, you don't deliver a line like that while we can't even see the character's face.
Hey matpat will you be doing a dont hug me im scared theory in the works now that the series is out
I don't know why people are so obsessed with trying to get Charles Martinet in the role, when Danny DeVito is right there, capable of filling in the shoes of Lou Albano and giving us a TRUE Brooklyn Mario...
Get the YouTube Dislike extension dude
One of the funniest gt not live livestreams
Look at the French trailer, they had a great voice actor for mario
Look the world, and design of the Mario bros movie is stunning, the animation is great and I alive the humor and direction they are going with the Mario movie. But the only thing I noticed that people are iffy about is Mario. Mainly the voice. Because the design of Mario is great, yeah they tweaked him a little, but it’s not something to really be mad about. I personally like the design. The voice is the only thing that most people are skeptical about. I feel like they have enough time to help pratt to getting a decent or good enough voice for the movie. That’s just my thoughts
Why does cris pratt sound like james corden. I wouldve been fine with a musical but now, not so.
Honestly I'm glad Bowser's big play seems to be stealing stars rather than kidnapping Princess Peach. Here's me hoping Mario and Luigi are going to team up with the princess as the leader of her kingdom and take down the bad guys together. If she steals the some of the spotlight away from Mario, I would be 100% ok with that.
It sounds like star lord doing a rocket impression
Stomping on koopas, seriously Mr.Pratt it’s stomping on gombas.
Dear Matpat pls read this and anyone else who might have mixed feelings towards mario's voice.  I was watching a stream and One guy put Mario's voice perfectly Mario's Video game voice is not made for conversation its great as a universaly recognized sound and cadence but not for this purpose The great imo Show, plus the crappy movie, both have Brooklin Accents so technically the games are the outliar to a degree. This is because the mario bois are from Brooklin so a decent goofy Brooklin Accent in an animated illumination movie targeted at an American audience really just makes sense. And it's just sad to think how some people would  also be mad at a thicker Italian accent and calling Pratt or another Voice actor Racist. Overall I have no big bias towards mario, illumination and Pratt, I'm just sharing what I know and think. Pls like and share your opinions.
To be fair to Chris, I've met people who just call the Koopas "turtles" and they have to stop and think for a minute to recall the actual enemy name (and that's assuming that they bothered to learn the enemy names in the first place).
MatPat really out here making fun of Chris Pratt for saying he stomped Koopas rather than Goombas and stuff (even though Pratt was talking about the arcade game which didn't have Goombas) only to later on say "Hey you remember Bowser's island in Dinosaur Land in _Super Mario Bros 3?"_ 🤣🤣💀  Smh, technically Pratt was more accurate on his Mario facts than MatPat was lol, the only word Pratt said that was actually wrong was "stomping," since you don't stomp enemies in Mario Bros Arcade, you kick them. MatPat did remember afterwards that it's actually Mario World that has that, but the irony there was funny.
Personally, I'm with the change on Mario's realistic layers; glove cuts, neck collar and shoelaces. The sizing down on his eyes was pretty reminiscent of the sonic design, figures considering they wanted a realistic humanistic approach.
Also the portal theory matpat is thinking of is a 1975 or 1985 Super Mario Bros Show that aired on Netflix that one time… it was bad but somewhat memorably nostalgic.
Didn't Mario have a Brooklyn accent back I the TV series? Maybe that's what they are going at, cause here it looks Mario's first time in the Mushroomkimgdom, maybe he was working in tge sewers and stumbled upon the pipe.
Maybe Mario coming out of the pipe is referring to where he originally showed up, in a donkey Kong game, and that's why donkey Kong is in this movie cus he's following Mario into the kingdom
i don't know how i felt about chris pratt VO as Mario and that  statement he make where he stomping Koopas ( he Paused for a second just to think ) instead of Goombas,plus the way he said " Mushroom kingdom here we come " sound so weird.
Why does he say it like it’s a racial slur for turtles?
HE'S FUNNY NUMBER AGE OH NOOOOOO-
I didn't realise Pinocchio was playing as Mario
Pratt is still the weakness part of the movie. I just do not think he have the range to play realistic mario. I felt if they have to pick a famous actor to play the part they should have gone with Chris Evans. Evans to me have the range to do a bitter Mario voice. Especially we already know he can do a New yorker voice already.
DO BONELAB PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Stomping Rombas in the laundromat!
Chris Pratt Seems Like More Of A Legend Of Zelda Man To Me
Chris made mario sound like hes from the UK
Pretty sure Chris Pratt is going for a nostalgic “Super Mario Bros. Super Show” type of voice, which I grew up watching that show myself and it was a good fun version of the Mario Bros. Animation/Live Action. WAY better than that wretched 1993 “film”… I’m still looking forward to this movie and Chris Pratt’s take on the character.
I still to this day have no idea why this movie cast did not cast Charles Martinet thee Voice of Mario to play the character in a Voice over role.  So my Cappy is off to Cris Prat for excepting this role and I hope that by the movie's full release we get a performance that will prove us all wrong.  Cause as of right now from that little preview, those Mario lines are giving me first time voice actor vibes.  Other then that the movie looks way more like a video game brought to life which is a huge plus that makes it leaps and bounds better then the sonic movies. The attention to detail and how there mashing concepts of the different Mario games  together in various ways to then build this brand new world is the thing that is making me want to watch this movie.  With all that said good job so far MatPat and the rest of the theorist team for getting close if not on the money with this one.  Can't wait for the game of the Mario movie to come out cause that world needs to be explored in that format.   Take care of yourselves and have a good one.
Mario's voice is perfect I don't know what anyone's talking about he has his iconic Brooklyn accent which is finally making its return
I came to this vid just for it to be paused and for the good parts to he skipped every 5 seconds
"Luigi's getting his day" is probably the best unintentional pun ever
"stomping.....  koopas"
It's been years since I've watched a movie so I doubt I'll be watching this one, but I am excited to see your videos about it.
I think Chris Pratt was going with the Brooklyn-type accent, and if this was an origin story movie (which is think it is), then it would make sense that Mario would have a Brooklyn accent considering he's actually from there. Also let's be honest, I don't think we would've survived around 2 hours of Mario talking like he does in the games.
I think Mario sounds fine. He can't be original Mario sounds because it might be racist. I think he will be fine with more of a Brooklyn accent.
Something I'll say is that I loved 2d Mario from the SNES, but then I hated how he looked in 3d from 64 onward. I've never liked how he looked. This is the first time I've genuinely loved how he looked
14:34 “read top chat replay” LOOOORE????   * sarcasm*
I actually like Mario’s voice.
Matpat for mario?????
Quick theory. His voice will be pitched or morphed into the og voice actor's the first time our boy touches one of them super stars.
Why don't people not like Mario's voice? I think it's great
You're wrong Mat, this is going to be the movie that defines the generation.
No one seems to like Chris Pratt’s Mario voice, but no one remembers the cartoon from the 80’s where Mario sounded like he’s from Brooklyn. I think THAT is where Chris is taking the voice
But bowser is a turtle dragon. A team member who worked on Mario said he’s a turtle dragon demon
If I had a nickel every time Chris Pratt was in a Nintendo Direct I’d have two nickels. Which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
When I showed my dad the film theory when you showed the cast he IMMEDIATELY guess they're all singers it's a musical. I wanted it to be a surprise and he guessed it I'm immediately I don't think it was that much of a stretch to guess
Im gonna have to be Honest. While i don't really like that they chose Chris Pratt of all people for Mario's voice, as long as the rest of the movie isn't a total dumpster fire i can deal with it. Thank you for the fun video.   :)
thx matpat, i was listening to you in the background, while sorting MTG cards and munching on food. then you said out of the blue "it's a Kirkland Mario version"  and i almost lost it and spat out my food on my cards laughing so hard...... now i gotta clean up
Oh man that board in the background scared me so bad I fell out of my chair
Between getting confused and potentially the video being scripted, I'd argue it doesn't feel scripted and that he genuinely forgot because goombas weren't in the arcade game and with a company like Nintendo and Illumination, I doubt they'd let a professional piece of promo for a film like this turn out this way if it was actually scripted.  Also Bowser has had fire breathe lazers like that before, if you remember he's done it in 3D World on the DLC
Personally I think Ash's takes on all of this were spot on. I'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt, especially because teasers tend to either make you underestimate how good a movie is going to be in order to shock you later, or they overestimate somehow - but that's often done in error and I really don't think Nintendo would allow that. I still have high hopes that I don't think will be wasted.
If I don't see a mashup of Bowser and Music Man on Twitter within the next 24 hours I am going to be severely disappointed with the Internet.
Everyone needs to keep this in mind by the way: this is the voice that Nintendo and Illumination were going to have for Mario no matter who they cast. If people are going to blame anyone for Chris Pratt’s voice for Mario, blame the casting director before Chris himself since he is a talented actor who might just be miscast here. But we truly won’t know until the movie comes out, we need to reserve judgement until then.
BRU WHT DID HE SKIP THE ENTIRE TRAILER WATCH AND REACT THEN THEORIZE JESUS!!!!
What happened to mirror Mat?
I can confirm “I SPEND HOURS OF MY LIFE STEPPING, KOOMBAS” is a roast to Mario
After watching the trailer a couple times I'm curious how the star Bowser collected is going to work Because in Mario 64 there treated as collectables used for progressing through the game while in other games it gives  invincibility I wonder if it will have a unique new ability
Growing up watching the various Mario shows like Super Show, confident Toad with a bit of an attitude isn’t a shock to me. Just wish the Mario voice was someone else…or a better attempt. It’s just not working at all.
Hoping and praying Mario's voice becomes more "Mario" the longer he stays in mushroom kingdom or something.
New Film theory query: *Miyamoto-san's aura = the Conqueror's haki!?*
he didn't even say "here we go" 😭 he said "here we come"
#GTLiveSquad
Someone said it sounds like Star-Lord trying to imitate Rocket Raccoon. I understand that now
No They Did Not Shut Up!
You know what's sad the French dub actor does a better mario than Chris Pratt
22:10 I just realized about this huge error on Mario…     Mario’s shoes have laces, they have always been those shiny shoes but these are stinky sneakers. Illumination what the absolute f*** were you thinking?
It is me, or Mat looks kind of a stronger person lately?? Kind of a resilient and confident vibe.. idk, looks different.
What if Mario's voice changes to Charles when he has a mushroom and back to Chris Pratt when he takes damage or vice versa?🤔
it should be the Super mario bros movie, but set in -1 world. the -1 being chris pratt.
Spy x Family Game Theory edition. Nice!
I love Bowser’s stance when he shoots fire. It reminds me of the Super Mario Star Saga games (I hope I got that right).
Matpat is just salty because his entire theory went out the window
I will fully say just so you can sleep well. You DONT understand. They leaned into the character designs to the T. But since it's an animated Feature, they have a leniency to add extra detail. Like the gloves, the hair, collar(to establish he has a neck) you need all of that for animation and I will honestly say full heartedly that if they had gone with just ripping the game models out to look like the games even with Charles' voice, the movie would've been CHEAP.
How I feel about it is that it all looks really good except Mario where I think they tried a little too hard it isn't bad so to speak they change some parts of Mario that made them look more realistic and we were hoping for that good old classic stuff so I feel like they tried to hard and it looks off not bad but off
I feel like the movie will be loved but Pratt doesn't look like he is putting any work into playing Mario.
Charles Martinet said that he willingly asked to be recast because he struggles to do long phrases with the bros (due to age). Like come on, people, give my man his well deserved break even if he is not actually taking a break
The trailer is reminding me of that old Sonic game where you play as Sonic with Knuckles constantly pulling the levers to get you to a different level
why is every complaining about mario's accent? i think they're trying to go with brooklyn accent mario other than the italian accent mario.
Been putting on some koopa muscle
Only mattpat can make a 45 minute video out of a 2 minute teaser trailer
The amount of mushroom are accurate there are a couple levels in super Mario 1 and 2 with the exact same esthetic tons of mushrooms but just no eyes on them
a little fact i saw: on the snow kingdome gates theres a star symbol hinting that it stores a super star. theres also another above the pipe entrance. also saying that the m. k. also has a star.
I think that Goombas aren't even in this movie, because they were originally peaches personal guard, and I don't think that she has been kidnapped yet, meaning that they will not be the opposition....at least, not yet
Im use to the super mario bros super show so it wasnt super jarring for me.
Fun fact: the french trailer has a better mario voice
7:22, 21:40- Matpat just had a "Never meet your heroes" moment. Nice to see he bounced back quickly from it.
Unironically Danny Devito would have been a good voice casting for Mario
Why does Mat think Mario is middle age? Miyamoto and Nintendo have gone on-record to say Mario is in his mid-twenties.
I don't mind Chris Pratt voicing Mario in this movie, sure it isn't like the Mario voice most people know but its still fine.  who knows, maybe after entering the mushroom kingdom he will start getting the Italian accent we know as movie goes on?
The way Chris Pratt paused only to blurt out Koopa sounded like he was calling me a slur 😅
I was hoping Chris Pratt was going to do a Jamaican accent for Mario.🇯🇲
Idk I’m kinda in to the Mario voice 😂 it kinda makes me giggle lmfao
For MatPat: The main consensus is that Chris fell flat, but everyone else did "fine" enough. There are some people high on copium saying just wait it'll get better or it's fine, or worse, hopium saying the lines aren't enough to judge on (but that's nintendo fandom for ya). Despite all this, people like it, other than chris. After that, there are 2 camps: people who love the French dub portrayal (which tries for a more iconic tone) and those who rather just have a brooklyn mario.  The latter of the 2 splits into 2 more camps. Those settling on pratts half-baked brooklyn attempt and those who want brooklyn, but a better effort of brooklyn than this that just doesn't feel lazy.
I’ll say it, I want them to keep the Chris Pratt voice. I know, I know, it’s bad, but it’s hilarious, this is history being made
When are you gonna do a theory on the new DHMIS series?
I can't shake that this Mario visually has a lot in common with a mustached Fix It Felix.
There’s some things that everyone NEEDS to understand:   WE ONLY HEARD TWO LINES FROM CHRIS PRATT.   DON’T JUDGE THE TEASER LIKE ITS THE FINISHED PRODUCT.   MARIO STARTED IN BROOKLYN AND THEY’RE REFLECTING THAT IN PRATT’S VOICE.  Idk who needed to hear this but there ya go
I think it's going to be good. I don't think Chris Pratt sounds as awful as everyone thinks, lol. His character model does look like they just took FIx it Felix from Wreck it Ralph and put Mario's clothes on him lol
Mario isn't THAT bad As long as you forget all of mario previous voices and just think that he's a Boston/Yorker Italian
of course gtlive edits out half of the trailer, all of the good parts to be exact
Love that he purchased Shrek 2 one of the best sequels in the Shrek universe
I thought Chris Pratt was either thinking of the arcade game 'Mario Bros.' and forgot goombas weren't a part of it, or instantly realized goomba is a term that can be used as a slur against Italians. Although there is a 'VS. Super Mario Bros.' arcade version of Super Mario Bros. NES as well, so idk if he was thinking of that too.
Basically the using the Super Mario Bros. Super Show origin lore/story and changing a few things (and I think Chris was trying to do the Super Show Mario voice which isn’t bad but it could have been better)
I don't understand why you hate the voice so much. I think the Brooklyn accent is fine and confirms your theory.
I feel like cold open will be the bowser getting the stars, "who's going to stop me" then here goes joe shmoe mario in new york dissatisfied with his life then he falls into the mushroom kingdom to find the life of a hero, I predict that he will have a discussion with luigi and get separated
I am 100% convinced the original 'Sonic' design was a marketing ploy to drum up interest in the movie, which is surprising because Sonic 1 and 2 were actually pretty fugging good. I refuse to believe they made the whole movie and re-made it with a more sonic-looking Sonic.
34:00 i mean miyamoto actually has an idea of mario that's like 25 so considering he's heavily involved in this he probably wants mario to come off younger
I hadn't noticed until this video, but the movie is coming out in RealD 3D too.  I didn't realize they were still making 3D movies.  In other news, I'm okay with how Mario looks, but am skeptical on the voice.  Looking forward to another trailer, hopefully with more of Mario speaking.  I think I'll try to catch the movie in theaters next April
personally this could of been done a little better but also I'm partial
31:14 You get what you get, and you don't get upset!😡
Chris Pratt was going for a New Jersey Italian.
Just want to say, the “Stomping———Koopas” line makes sense with him not saying Goombas since he mentioned the old Arcade Cabinet referencing the game where Mario and Luigi are killing Koopas and Crabs in the sewers, not the original Super Mario Bros where Goombas debut.
the penguins were also in galaxy
Matpat needs to watch the mariobros tv show to see Mario personality (which is kind of accurate to how Mario is in-game)
He was trying New York voice 😂
I’m really hoping because it’s a teaser trailer it’s not a 100% final take for some of the lines. Like I like the idea of a more New Yorker Mario but the problem is Chris Pratt needs to lean farther into it and over exaggerate it
The intro music gives me Evangelion vibes, was that an international design choice? Sounds cool either way Also I think Bowser's floating island is just a direct reference to World 8, traditionally the "final" area in the source games.
The new DHMIS show is out! Please consider making a video on it before it gets stale.
Ima say 1 thing mat never EVER MAKE A REACTION CHANNEL
This voice for Mario actually seems like a good middle ground between modern Mario's voice and his old Super Mario Bros Super Show voice.
"There's a whole 45-minute Nintendo Direct talking about it, I guess, that was talking about it. And I missed it." The reality: Nintendo's archived video is 45 minutes total, with 33 minutes of dead air at the start accompanied by the chat replay in the side bar. XD
Maybe Mario will adopt the  Italian persona later down the line (Also Chris Prat is more for action for me)
the reason why mario got a movie is probably because sonic got a movie
I mean dispite mario I’m excited for this film
Chris sounds great as Mario. far better than I expected
Honestly I’m just waiting for Bowser to become a *MYYYYUUUUUUUSIC MAN!!!*
16:58 Nice
14:27 now make it live!
I bet there's going to be 8 kingdoms or worlds
It's the "Koopas (derogatory)" for me 😂
May be a script choice to make Mario feel that bit awkward to highlight he doesn't originate in Mushroom Kingdom, and as the movie goes on we'll gain more of that "ya-hoo!" Enthusiasm  People forget that voice acting is challenging. You are in a sound proofed room with a mic and lines, meanwhile through a grass window you've got the audio crew and directors giving tips. It is far different than any other acting where you have to actively imagine and ignore that fact that you're in a box, not actually stomping... koopas. Voice actors sometimes don't get the recognition that deserve in the acting space because their not physically being in character on a set. But it's a whole challenge in itself to act without any costume, make up, or set. Some are lucky and get to share booths with another actor like Adventure Time is known for, but you still need to engage in your imagination hard and see that other person as an actively threatening fire breathing dragon turtle.
Matpat reacts to the mario movie trailer… yeah, about 20 seconds of it XD.
What I can say is that bowser & peach are gonna have a beauty & the beast situation while also conquering multiple kingdoms.
if you watched the last time they showed the cast and the release date it was december 21 (i guess) for north america and other places later date (maybe they wanted a world release but did not had the date from japan and europe etc.) in this trailer we see april. i think they pushed the movie far away back after nintendo have seen the trailer or seen some scenes and they told the studio no fix mario or fix hes lines. so probably they are scared for mario and wanted to see wat the internet thinks while they are busy behind the scenes to fix the lines or mario before april and that we probably see in the next trailer the new mario or better lines
Also didn't the original Mario have a Brooklyn accent? Maybe that's what he was going for?
Skipping the whole 'Chris Incident', the movie looks beautifully rendered, ngl.
Chris Pratt sounds Australian and no offense if any one in the comments is Australian it's just Mario is depicted as an Italian plumber.
Even though Chris Pratt's voice might sound a bit weird,  We can all agree this is 1 BILLLON times better than that one from the 1980's !!!
MatPat experiencing the stages of grief in this video
MattPat needs to listen to French version of Mario. its so much closer to the original voice
Arin in starbomb did more acting for Mario than Chris Pratt did
As someone who is currently in the process of doing a group speech, there's something extra painful about how Chris Pratt just, does not pull his weight in that promo segment while Jack absolutely steals the show.  I need this man's energy, oh my god.
kinda felt like Mario galaxy to me
I love the spoopy decoration
I personally don't like the voices. Although Bowser is fine i did expect something much deeper, as for Mario they should have gotten an italian man to voice him
18:32 the iconic what???
Okay in Chris Pratts defense here, part of me wonders if Goombas arent in it or for some weird reason theyre trying to keep it a secret, and he almost said goombas and just had it in his head and try to remember koopas. And as for him looking away from the camera, a lot of times i do that because i get distracted super easily and ill keep talking but i will be watching a bird outside my window going in circles. however he just really didnt sell the i played mario games act and the worst part is he is an actor
KOOpas
Wait which theory was matpat correct on?
i think for me, i just don't like Chris Pratt in general, but it was the lack of enthusiasm and inconsistency in accent that ruined it. He isnt a bad actor by any means so I have hope for the movie still and maybe the trailer was old or bad clips.
C'mon Matthew Patthew. You don't even know that Mario was confirmed to be in his early 20's?
I think the unenthusiastic here we come is supporting your prediction that Mario is unhappy with his life
everyone else : hey Mario has a ok voice  matpat : _OoOooOhhHhH NoOoOOoOOOoOOoOoOooo_
tbh I think Patton Oswalt should have been Mario.
I love how Mat IMMEDIATELY wanted to check what the reflections in Magikoopa's goggles were.
Just because you mess up on the name of something doesn’t mean you aren’t a fan. Just because you don’t pay attention to the name of something doesn’t decrease your enjoyment of something. I for one never used to pay attention to a lot of things I liked, ignoring the names of enemies is easy when you are enjoying the game itself. Further he said the arcade game, not super Mario bros.
It feels like they sent a script to Jack and Chris for the pre-trailer scenes, and Chris just did it on his phone and sent it, not realizing it would be aired. Also I have to say that as an animator I pity the animator that had to do Mario's mouth lipsync. Imagine hearing Chris Pratt's lines over and over and over as you adjust the keyframes. As for visuals, the movie is stunning. I love how bright everything is, and the Mushroom Kingdom is very reminiscent of the Bowser's Inside Story layout? It just feels like the blocky layout I remember from that series. They really went hard on the details like collapsing castles and realistic lava in the opening bit with Bowser, and I can't wait to see how powerups and other spells are visualized in this film.  To be fair, I wouldn't hate a movie with that current Mario voice. It's not *awful*, but I will agree with everyone that it's not at all what we hoped for. Even if it's not, it feels like the pick of Chris Pratt was for a big celebrity cast rather than going for a really really good VA that's done stuff like this before. I mean, look at this trailer! They got Khary Payton of all people to be the penguin, and he's in other amazing animated series, but all the main line cast are comedians who might not hit the accuracy side of things because they're focusing on the joke side (Illumination's influence?)  There's a lot of variables we haven't seen, but at the moment it does feel like this is an average result from their choice and could have been better, but we'll enjoy it because everything else in it is awesome.
"I spent hours of my life stomping Koopas" why is everyone laughing?
OH MY GOD YOU DONT UNDERSTAND HOW LONG I’VE BEEN WATYING FOR MAT TO WATCH THIS OH MOTHER BOARD
Okay, I have to defend Chris here: He probably wanted to talk about playing the Mario Bros. arcade game and went on to say "stomping goombas" because, as you said, goombas are the first enemies that come to your mind when talking about Mario stomping some bad guys. But then he realized there are no goombas in the Mario Bros. arcade game, so he had to think for a second what type of enemies appeared in that game. Still weird they left it in tho :D
30:13 he could have made it so much better if Pratt just said here we GO
Now that we've seen... this... the next question is, will we see some kind of rework like the Sonic movie did
yesterday was not mario day it March10
If anything, it's better than the 1980 Super Mario Bros. Movie.
In defence of Pratt i can do a pretty good mario impression and i myself tried to "tone it down" and it still seems to  much like its REALLY hard to convey awe confusion  and even the " Mushroom Kingdom. Here. We. Come." line comes off uncanny as hearing mario's voice say anything like Lets go in a more toned down way sounds weird and dull
MatPat, you should listen to the French dub of Mario from the trailer, many people are actually thinking the French version is the best sounding Mario
I thought his voice just Fine at first, no where near as fun or iconic or that noteworthy likethe other three voices we heard in the trailer, but still Fine. He just sounds like Some Guy.   That was until I heard the French version of the trailer. My god now that I know there’s a way to keep the Mario voice without it sounding grating I am seriously debating trying to find this movie in French to watch instead.
Day twelve of asking for a Sanders Sides theory
he loves stomping.................                       koopas
I feel like Matt just hates Chris Pratt just to hate him. If he is just a regular guy before he gets transported to the MK why does he need to sound just like Mario that wouldn't make much sense from a story telling stand point. It just seems like he is ragging on him just to rag on him.
Well I don't really want to here an A in place of every space either so they really hit a dead end
Chris is giving me hotel Transylvania
honestly i dont think he does too bad! they changed mario from being Italian to american (which is kinda odd but makes sense), so I think thats rlly as good as it gets. its gonna sound weird for us no matter what they do to it, cause for our entire lives we've heard Italian mario, so i think its gonna be pretty good! tho mario no longer being italian is VERY weird... since that was a big part of his character
turn it into mario is missing
HE DIDNT USE THE K WORD WITH A SOFT A!!!
It would have been better if Charles Martinet was the voice of Mario. But its better than nothing, at least the accent is actually close to a New Yorker accent which isnt actually that bad. Im not saying its that bad but I wouldve preferred a voice closer to the games
It almost sounds like Chris was aiming for Lou Albano that voiced Mario in the show. However it’s to soft
i hope to god Chris goes from mediocre New Yorker stereotype to actual Mario's voice when he comes to the Mushroom Kingdom
The googly eyes on the chemical diagram behind the couch: 👁️👁️
why is so much of the trailer cut out lmfao
the problem is, if we use the original voice actor for mario, its gonna be really hard to make any scene serious at all
Muuuussic mann
Can’t wait to see Yoshi played by Kevin Heart
Bowser's castle in this movie feels like a next-gen paper mario bowser castle.
How oiled is miyamoto
Not gonna lie the way Pratt says mushroom kingdom reminds me of hotel mario
I really can't wait till this movie comes out
Man, I spent half the hours of my life stomping...        KOOPAS.
im not a mario fan so the fact that mario doesnt sound like mario is extremely amusing to me
Construction worker....!!!!!! He is a plumber
I was waiting for this.
13:46 southern matpat spotted
OH NO THAT HESITATION.  OH SH*T.
not 10 years late!
I love how the background gives away that MatPat is a Spy x Family fan. Gotta love that family portrait over his shoulder. Would love to see a theory about the show.
Pratt's voice isn't bad, but the accent could be stronger. I feel like I'm more OK with Matpat dunking on him than I am with other youtubers because he's usually a pretty positive guy and he's definitely entitled to disliking things once in a while.  Does that make sense to anyone else?   I do agree with Matpat that they set up the trailer confidence first, then moved on to the part they needed feedback on in the second half though.
Where is Luigi
(1) Matt’s predictions were excellent and remarkably good. Well done.    (2) I feel their absolute rejection of all things Chris Pratt far exceeds anything he actually displayed here. There are so many non-negative explanations for everything seen here, but they defaulted to a negative interpretation.    (3) I’m becoming more hopeful, despite being baffled by the initial casting.
In the Mario super show, I think he’s from Brooklyn, which might be what they are trying to do here. Also I think it’s important that they make movie Mario differ from game Mario, because they would probably get Chris Pratt to play Mario in the next games or whatever if the movie does wel
ITSA MEEE MUSIC BOWSER!
Oh no it's a flopp to me. Bowser and Luigi might hard carry the movie. Even toad
I think the mocking of Chris simply for being a bit awkward and so assuming he's lying about playing the OG Mario Arcade game because of that is kinda low. Not a great way to start the "witty banter" or the entire part in general. Just my opinion.
Toad has always been a little confident, so I thought his personality in the trailer fit. I mean his most recognizable catch phrase is "I'm the best!" from Mario Kart 64.
The voice kinda sounds like Rocket from guardians… am I the only one who hears that?
What if Mario goes through a redesign phase like Sonic did in his movie
Hey mat pat do you use a flowbee for your hair?
I hope we get to see the koopa kids
Did you know that a Fnaf movie had been announced to come out
Am I the only who thinks this video edits are weird
They should have seen that clip of Chris Pratt and brought out Luigi instead
Well the greatest hailed failed moment has been created.”I spent thousands of hours stomping Koop as”
I want that toad voice for the whole movie, maybe that’s just me.
Never doubted you for a second, Matt. Great job! 🙂🍄👍
to be fair there were turtles in the dk arcade game but in a laundromat?!
I think he will have a brooklyn accent at first but will soon become a italian accent the more he stays in the mushroom kingdom
I'll watch it. I actually don't mind Mario's look here. The voice acting sucks on him because  he doesn't have an Italian accent. Like you can't have Mario without that Italian flow. But other than that it looks cute.
Mat: It makes sense that they would bring back the penguins from Mario 64  Also Mat: WHAT?! MARIO STOMPING KOOPAS?! PFFFTHAHAHAHA
I think Chris Pratt will do great as Mario, I just don't know why he said in that one video that it wasn't "the voice"
Craziest theories can have the best response
He pauses so muuuuuch
I can’t focus.... Matpat geeking out about Chrispratt Or the googlie eyes staring at Matpat like “you okay man? You good?” - the spiders look like eyebrows.... Someone MOVE THE SPIDERS BETWEEN VIDEOS! Give the molecule more emotions!
Why the cuts? No seriously, why? Someone please point me to the full length stream.
only matpat can stretch a 2 min long video into a 45 min video
You figured he'd start in New York but are surprised when he has a vaguely Brooklyn accent?  Weird.
I'm calling it right now. 3-5 years from now, there's going to be a theory on a super smash movie.
"Here we come" should be "here we gooooo"
This is clearly going over my head because I have poo-poo American brain. Can someone please explain to me why Chris Pratt saying he was jumping on Koopas during Mario games is a bad thing here?  Edit: Nevermind, I got it. Love ya Mat, always will, but you’re definitely overreacting to something this trivial lol.
I sorta want to see some version of Wonderboy on the soundtrack.  :)
Popular opinion, but I do think Chris Pratt is as bad as people make him out to be. He'll do MEH.
My theory is Mario and Luigi are plumbers, Mario and Luigi you have to do a plumbing job for a strange client, And Mario starts getting sucked down the toilet, Luigi tries to pull him back, but it doesn’t work and he gets sucked into The toilet as well, Bowser captures Luigi, Mario teams up with the mushroom Kingdom residence to save peach and Luigi, They rescue them, Peach makes Mario cake, and Mario and Luigi are reunited.
I want to see behind his couch for all we know there could ba a dead body
mushroom kingdom! Let's-a-Go!
Now the question is what will the end credits scene be? Yeah I'm calling it the NCU, (Nintendo Cinematic Universe) Donkey Kong will probably be in the end credits. Then please have a live action Metroid Movie.
To be honest, this is looking to be better than the live action version in the 80s even with Chris Pratt as Mario.
Mushrooms kingdom here we come!
im gonna be the first to point out he typed how oild not how old a bit of playful banter
Don’t hug me I’m scared is out matpat can’t wait for theories
Maybe they're pulling a Lego movie and the opening might be live action.
Trailer: 2 minutes long Video: 46 minutes long  *something...bad happened here*
Star Lord stomping Koopas, I find that funny.
I may just be uncultured, but can someone pls explain why MatPat reacted when Chris said "Stomping Koopas"
I feel like theyre giving chris a harder time than he really deserves
35? I’m sorry where did you get 35 from  Shigeru Miyamoto, the creator of Mario and for all intents and purposes, God of Nintendo, said this about his most famous creation: “Aside from the fact that he’s about 24-25 years old, we didn’t define anything else.”
I'm not sure if someone already mentioned it, but to me it sounded like a Brooklyn (NY) accent. So was MatPat looking for the Italian accent instead of a basic NY accent?? I guess I'm slightly confused on what was wrong with it.
What people forget am sure plenty of people can’t remember every ounce of their childhood correctly every game character at least it’s not a Teleprompter.
It's been a whole day and there has been no noot noot mario 64 penguin memes  Internet I'm ashamed of you
19:56 Guess MatPat never played Bowser's Fury.
It's the Mario from super Mario brothas super show
Hours of my life stomping... 🤑 ... koopas
I notice even when talking about mario you can't escape FNAF. It was scrolling by in that chat.
If I’m not mistaken, bowsers personality seems to be mostly based on Mario & Luigi’s Bowsers Inside Story and I love it because he was this menacing and joking type of king
"live action Lion King" sorry but that was still CGI. XD
Video game movies have actually gotten watchable, and I'm impressed.
jackblackxmatpat
To be fair I didn't even know which ones were the coopas until this and I've been playing Mario games for most of my life
I'm actually pretty excited! I thought Chris did okay (keyword okay) but I have high hopes for this!
It's from the Super Mario bros super show hes still in Brooklyn and goes down the drain to the mushroom kingdom
Two things, one, the French voice actor for Mario absolutely nailed it! And second, they have listed on the cast so what if they actually filmed all of the lines with him too and they just decide to switch out the voice tracks after they get reactions?
Ok but Chris Pratt has always talked like that
not the main chapter being named "koopas (derogatory)" HAHAH
Matpat doing the super mario iceburg
I spent my life stomping children😃😃😃
I'd like to suggest everyone go watch the Jurrasic World theories where MatPat was practically drooling over Chris Pratt but for some reason seems to dunk on Pratt now just because the rest of the intertnet doesn't like him  for no reason. This is just dissapointing.
Alt title: Matpat craps on Chris Pratt for 30 minutes based on 30 seconds worth of footage. *Like, opinions are opinions, but this was a lot, and frankly unwarranted.
Its the first time he spent less than a minute on a theory and it was RIGHT
Epicccc
34:14 in fairness, imagine mario talking in a emotional moment with that high pitched voice
I think in terms of Mario's face they had to adjust it to make it more expressive. Normally Mario doesn't have many more faces other than a blank smile so having those big eyes in the games just makes it look less soulless
Looks like Wallace and Gromit type animation with an ENB preset
hello there
the ship reminds me of world 8 from the mario game for wii
Matt! Why on earth are there a thousand notifications for Youtube!? Don't you ever check that!?
I really hope it isn't a musical, that would kinda mess up the flow
letsss a gooo!!! or here we goooo!!! nope not good, here... we... come! missed opportunity
I don't like Chris pratt at all ..he just  took away all the excitement I had  for this movie
I'm not even a Mario fan but OOF that voice is actually painful to listen to. It just feels WRONG
Well, there is absolutely nothing to tell what may pay is saying as tru and factual about Pratt. Just wait and see for the result a
someone make the video of just the pauses when chris pratt and others talk
Mat he was talking about the ARCADE CABINET game which had NO goombas and you fought koopas and him stopping was probably him trying to remember from his childhood
I've been talking with my brother and one of his friends about Chris Pratt playing Mario, and we've all loved the idea. Then I saw the Nintendo Direct, and a little bit of my excitement died.
*proceeds to do club penguin dance*
I personally like how Mario looks, Also while everyone is commenting on Chris's performance so far. I understand the concerns and the memes. However, let me say this.   From the small amount of dialogue I've heard, I personally think Chris Pratt is going to be doing his best impression of Mario from the Super Mario Bros, Super Show.   Which I think is a better call then Chris Pratt trying to do his best Charles Martinet impression,  but I'm super optimistic about the movie, Everything looks really good and I do like all the subtle references here and there. This is gonna be a big movie with a serious amount of potential. Just gotta wait for more trailers.
We were going to get a 3 way crossover but this came out almost a week late
Am i going crazy, im trying to figure out how marios face is different than the video game one, matpat makes it seem like its very notable and very different, but i really don't see it... except its making expressions i never saw before... Am i going insane?
Lmao ash laugh whimpering in the background
i think the koopa thing is about the game where your in a the sewers and koopas come out of pipes
mario lost the cake
it's a me hey I'm walking here
I have a few different thoughts about this: 1st - It's weird that they're making Mario be a transport from another world, even if that's a canonical thing, because it has been retconned to a degree. He has been, in more games than not, a Mushroom Kingdom resident for a while. Justified by Baby Mario existing, and some other flashbacks or mentions in games here and there that he has been around since he was a kid in the rpg entries too. I'm still half convinced that we are getting Charles Martinet as Jumpman at some point, so I wonder what the deal is going to be with that. 2nd - I'm not really being a fan of Chris Pratt's take on this either, but the line read of "Mushroom Kingdom here we come" is so out of place, that it is probably taken from another point in the movie where that kind of line reading is more acceptable, or this was done as a place holder exclusive for the trailer that needed to be able to fit at any point. 3rd - Hadn't seen the other mini castle Matt pointed before, but now it makes me think it's going to be a Nightmare before Christmas kind of thing. These mini castles will have pipes to other Worlds. 4th - MatPat, I know this is a hard pill to swallow, but Mario is supposed to be around 25. Stated by Miyamoto in an interview in 2005.
Chris Pratt is literally a second Cammy Dunnaway
11:00 Chris specifically mentions the original Mario Bros game, not to be confused with Super Mario Bros, because Goombas weren't in Mario Bros...
When the theories about this movie begin... Will it be on Game Theory, or Film Theory? Maybe both?
I really love the voice of Mario, it's more of a Lou Albano. Which is actually the original Mario voice. Charles Martinet's voice premiered in Super Mario 64 in 1996, whereas the Super Mario Brothers Super Show premiered 1989. This is technically how he was supposed to sound.
I've heard that Mario is possibly based on the TV show (the voice at least), if you keep that in mind the voice sounds better
I bet that “Mushroom kingdom here we come!” comes from a totally different seen and only placed that line on top of the scene because it had no dialogue and at least showed why Mario is there.
Not gonna take credit for this as it was gamexplain that pointed it out, but when bowser is taking the star, the background Iooks like other times when characters are singing in other animated movies.
Mat, fr? Bringing the old theory of Mario being a sociopath back? If mario hadnt cage Cranky Kong, he would have probably kept coming back to kidnap Pauline. Sure, it may have been a little harsh, but it had to be done. Besides, a giant gorilla roaming in a city could cause problems. As for Luigi, well, the game is kinda about rivalarity, so Mario stomping luigis shoe is more like: You win this time bro, but next time it will be me.  And dont take the spin off games seriously since they dont fit in the story anyway.
The trailer has me hyped. I'm optimistic about this movie.
In Chris’s defense, he was talking about the Mario Bros. arcade game, he was maybe having trouble remembering if it actually was the koopas that were the enemies in the game.
SonicXMario crossover, eggman lands in the far side of the mushroom kingdom. It’s just that no one bothered to go that far out
Hopefully they're doing a little bit of Sonic like tweaks. Shame they couldn't just get the voice of Mario, for 30 odd years, to voice Mario lol. He's never really did Mario like this but I'm sure it would have worked.
The amount they paused it and kept talking for minutes instead of playing it.
bruh i cant deal with the amount of pausing TwT
imma go watch the trailer cuz you paused it too much
"Growing up...man I would spend hours stomping on.... *windows booting up system* KOOPAS
I think that every thing is great EXCEPT FOR MARIO! Like r u kidding me... ITS A MARIO MOVIE! I hope they at least change the voice. Luigi was my favorite part.
Hi GTLive I love this and I hope you have a good day and you are awesome and I love your reaction
It's kind of weird Matpat is hung up on the "stomping koopas" thing because the turtle enemies are Koopa Troopas and probably the 2nd most common enemy type in the franchise, with their shell mechanic being the most noteworthy thing the series started off with.  So yes, Mario does in fact regularly "stomp koopas".
9:30 It's almost a guarantee that he's reading a script
Whats funny is Despicable me got the spin off of the minions because they were so popular. Imagine if bowser steals the show so much we get spin off movies of just him washed up after mario beats him and maybe have bowser jr.
Unpopular opinion: Pratt is a fine voice choice for Mario.  Here is why, guaranteed this will not be the only Mario movie. The OG Mario voice we all know and love is from Charles Martinet who is 67 years old. Realistically speaking, large Illumination franchise movies go on for YEARS (Despicable Me, Sing, Secret Life of Pets etc.) so Illumination needed a youthful voice that will stand the test of time.  Plus Pratt has done a number of animated movies so realistically he was the no-brainer choice.  Also, youthful audiences (which is what this movie is targeting) will love the familiar Pratt voice.  This movie will be a power house for profit and a massive resurgence in a character that young audiences don’t have much experience in.  Older audiences may hate this movie but if you focus on your love for Nintendo, this could be a beautiful revamp for a generationally known and loved franchise.
So at the beginning of your video you state that Mario is the only blank slate type of character which means anyone can play him in different creative ways, but you keep making fun of how he is being portrayed by Chris because you don’t like the guy, then toad gets introduced which according to you he has an established personality, and you also don’t like it but you can “go with it”. Like why??? Just because he’s not being played by Chris??? Geez the more I see of this video the more disappointed I get.
It looks like he was looking at a script tapped to a wall and he still couldn't pronounce koopa
13:00 and then they have Kevin Hart as a Goomba xD
Dang yall gave Chris a little to much crap lmao
Chris Pratt really wasn't that bad. This is the first time MatPat has made me enjoy something less. I loved the movie so much the trailer looks great in every way. I expected to get more hyped by this video but it makes me feel a little crushed.
Though i know mat likes to analyze every frame, it would be nice if he watches everything first and than watch it again to analyze
here i see matpat talking about chris prat stomping on... koopas. so now hes calling the FORTRESS in the background a turret. energy aside, argument: invalid. 27:19
I'd love to see a video on the 1993 live action Mario movie... Apparently it was really bad
CP's read felt like he was trying *not* to read off notes or cue cards, but got stuck and had to.  In NO way does Mario sound like he's from NY. It's-a-not-him. Not Mario.  Also, I expected the penguins to turn into blocks, like from the original game's booklet.
GT_LIVE
goofy ahh matpat
"I played mario"  has no idea how mario is suppose to sound.
40:33 The "MUSSSSICCC MANNNN" reference. XD   Also, even though the Lorax was a while ago, I'd LOVE to see the talent of Illumination's song creation like they did with the Lorax for this movie! :D
bro this is more him breaking it down before actually just watching it. he just kept pausing it and talking the whole time. usually a youtuber would watch it all the way through without pausing it to see the actual "reaction" THEN you go back and break it down and talk about it.
I see no problem with Pratt's Mario voice, sure it's not the exact same as Martinet but whenever has a movie based on a game or something ever been exactly similar, of course they could have had Martinet do the voice but he deserves a break, he's done it since the first game Mario spoke
Yes.
Well it's only 14 minutes tbh
I hope they are today calling Chris to rerecord all his lines...with some effort if this was his best
26:33 and 32:48 anyone else hear weird squishy noises?
I think the Chris Pratt clip was so bad that they knew people would find it hilarious. It's much more memorable than some normal sounding statement.
But Charles is in the movie cast. (But Mario better say the "owowowowow")
Those memes will be wild in the upcoming days... 🤣🤣🤣
Hearing skeptical Mat to Ash talking about Chris's Mario voice  is just great lmao
I mean the line "mushroom kingdom here we come" is probably not even in the movie. Probably just to start having people talk about the trailer and make drama about his voice. This is literally Mario's first time into the mushroom kingdom and he just say that line? He doesn't even know the place yet.
I think key is perfect for the role because I hate toad
I dont think that was mario speaking. I think it was luigi saying Mushroom Kingdom here we come.
They should just have Mario and Luigi be Jay and Silent Bob.
I'm confused. What's wrong with Chris saying "koopas"?
I don’t really mind Mario’s new voice. I kinda like it.
Is it just me or does marios face give off a vibe of 'just put a mustache on fix it felix jr'
Luigi scream sounds great, we just need to hear Chris pratts actual voice
please play zardy's maze for holloween (it is a good horror game and has LORE)
But if u listen Chris Pratt said the ORIGINAL MARIO BROTHERS ARCADE MACHINE there are no Goombas in the ORIGINAL MARIO BROTHERS ARCADE MACHINE just Koopas makes perfect sense cuz thy are the main enemies of the ORIGINAL MARIO BROTHERS ARCADE GAME
I'm of the opinion that the Mario voice is somewhat intended. Yes, there will probably be an updated take, but this less upbeat voice Mario has is to show him as a regular plumber living a normal life before becoming the adventuring, princess saving hero. Perhaps part of that is from him trying to not stand out in society, as in intentionally hiding the accent. When the "finding your true self arc" kick in, I think Mario will start to let out his Italian accent. We can only hope.
I think the Mario voice in the trailer is fake and the REAL voice will be revealed in the movie or final trailer.
I would like to recommend playing a nancy drew game. They are detective point and click games.  I would specifically recommend the ghost of Thornton hall. It's an amazing game, and I would love to see your rection to it. 😊
I cant believe literally every part of the movie looks good EXCEPT the main character lol. I will admit, I dislike that theyve drifted from how Peaches castle area looks in literally every game since 64. It was never on a giant hill lol, it was literally next to the ocean with a built up city across the moat.
Mario does have quite a bit of personality in Odyssey, compared to past games at least. He's empathetic to Cappy, clearly in love with Peach, frustrated with his rival Bowser... it was a nice change of pace.
Pokemon protagonists are blanker slates than Mario. Except Wes, we all love him.
Man, I spent hours stomping.....(uhhhhhhhhh)… *KOOPAS.*
"I spend my childhood stomping..... Koopas!"                                                                     -Chris Pratt 2022
Chris Pratts Mario gives me Pauly Shore Pinocchio vibes.   Let's hope that's just poor teaser trailer voice clip? Otherwise I feel like it'll be just fine. Still kinda excited to see the movie, seeing Bowser, Toad, and Luigi was amazing!
Probably going through his head that they weren't called koopas in the original Mario Bros. but he couldn't recall what they're called. (Shell creepers are what they're called in case you're wondering.)
Tell me you've never played a Mario game without saying you haven played a Mario game
dislike matt's bad attitude towards Chris, can clearly see he has something against Chris on a personal level, unsubscribed.
I... didn't really have that much of a problem with Mario. Especially given that I could hear he was trying for a brooklyn accent there, which fits well with the theory. He's definitely the weakest voice of the cast, but, I didn't think he was *bad*
One can only hope it will be another Sonic situation.  You know, the trailer came out and the look was so bad they completely redid it.  Well, this trailer is out and Chris Pratt is so bad, they can recast it.  It's just voice over, so it would be easy.  And the trailer does not commit to the release date, so they can do it.
Bro, bowser could straight up take on Godzilla with the power they showed him in the movie, he’s just so overpowered
I think the Mario there going for is the Super Mario Brothers Super show Mario. That would be hilarious but I can see going a in between game and show Mario’s (including Super Mario World show) so it’s gonna be different and the design, I like it looks good
Mario looks like Fix-It Felix from Wreck-It Ralph
It was a really weird pull to have the penguins show up in the trailer. Its a more obscure Mario creature, that is for sure! But like I honestly kind of like that. The Mario series has so many characters and enemy types, I hope they pull a few more obscure ones out. Cause like yeah, your normal casual viewer isn't gonna know right off the bat that those penguins are in fact Mario characters, but like Mario fans are going to enjoy seeing that pull. It shows they actually did a little bit of research about this series instead of just doing your standard Toads, Goombas, and Koopa Troopas and calling it a day
OMG What if Bowser took the superstar in this movie so everyone calls him a superstar? But then Mario has to show him that he can be a superstar by just being good? I would actually love that so much!!! Ahhhh!!❤
I spent my childhood stamping ............ Oh ya koopas!
Nintendo had to approve of Chris pratt’s vocal interpretation of Mario so clearly there is something good about it that they liked that we haven’t heard yet and that you aren’t considering
I'm actually optimistic about this movie. At the very least, it should be better than the old Mario live action attempt.
When the direct first aired I saw a tweet that said something like "why did Chris say Koopas like a slur" and now that's all I can hear
Hey MatPat react to Alphabet lore it's a very popular youtube video that of course by the title has lore and I know you love lore just ignore the inappropriate jokes in the video
The trailer was amazing…until Mario spoke
Shout out to whoever put koopas (derogatory) as the chapter name
mari-pato
I'm going with isekei.  man gets sucked into Mario's body and his skills will be used to save mushroom kingdom  isekei is so popular right now. I'm positive it will be processing mario.
how "oiled" is miamoto lol
honestly, if mario is just supposed to be a regular plumber that got randomly wrapped by a pipe and ended up in a fantasy world, really, him sounding like a normal dude makes sense and works for me, I guess it's more something to get used to
0:13 xD
Are you going to do a video on the new FNAF Glitched Attraction?
This movie is gonna be great even if Chris pratt is just acting as Chris pratt that won't take away all to much from the movie
How oild are u? Matpat
Man, I really love Mario's count Dracula impression :,)
I think Chris Pratt was gonna say goombas but he’s talking about Mario bros the arcade which does not have goombas so he tried to remember what was in the arcade version, hence the pause before koopas
Relax matpat the brazilian dub mario actuley does the voice the right way :D
I have a feeling that this movie (if made) will most likely be in the mario 64 timeline due to bowser going for a power star not peach.
I personally think Chris pratts Mario voice sounds fine his face is a little weird but it kinda grew on me
Watching the trailer in other languages Mario definitely seems more enthusiastic for that final line. So does seem Chris is just flat. If there were newer takes surely they would use them 😭
Matt love your videos but please when you are reacting to a video or trailer PLEAAAASE let it finish and then go back and pause it as much as you want, you don't know how much anxiety someone gets by watching something and being paused for 1 minutes just to watch 3 seconds and be paused again, just let the video play and pause after it, pleaaaaaase
If only Mathew Pathew new what "bless your heart" meant, people from the south know what I mean, heck, I'm from Ohio and I know what it means!
Who is responsible for the chapter titles on these videos? Because "koopas (derogatory)" has me rolling
Matt u forgot there was a arcade game called  mario brothers where there was coopers and Goomba’s didn’t exist in that game they weren’t invented yet -_-
I HATE CHRIS PRATT AS MARIO WHY
In my head I bet Chris Pratt wanted to say "goombas", but realized mid-sentence that there weren't Goombas in the original arcade game
Explain the me why they did not use the original actor for mario?
Worst fucking reaction
Chris Pratt sounds like an out of touch dad trying to connect with his kid.
33:54 Mario is canonically in his 20s
It sounds like he was aiming for Emeril Lagasse.
I hate it when people criticize a new SNEEK PEEK of a movie trailer by pointing out that chris pratt's mario voice is bad, this it just the first trailer and your criticizing two lines, when he says "what is this place" and "mushroom kingdom, here we come"  give it time, please..  also, some dummy's don't know the difference between  Arcade: Mario Bros. and NES: Super Mario Bros.  Jeez and y'all call yourselves Nintendo fans lol 🤣  to add, I like the trailer and the design and voice of Mario and the rest of the characters, y'all are just picky.
I really hope bowser has a redemption arc in the movie. I love bowser in the Mario games. He's one of my favorites.
Watch it be one of those real life moments where Chris will get sucked into the game. That’s probably why mario isn’t exactly mario. *Comes out of portal*, “what is this place”? 🤷🏻‍♂️
The French Mario is pretty good.
25:26 Love how he's just describing the Lego Movie which also stars Chris Pratt as the main character.
Pratt's promo literally makes me recoil with the awkward pauses  Edit: "Here we come!" instead of "Here we/Letsa go"!?!?
Interesting that you mentioned how bland Mario is cause, when I saw the trailer, I immediately thought Bowser's portrayal was incredible, but worry about how Mario will fit in 🤣
Chris Pratt doesn’t sound like Mario because it would be very hard to do a mario voice for almost 2 hours probably and he try’s a New York accent counting to new donk city
there are no Goombas in the original Mario bros arcade game, just turtles (they weren't Koopas yet), crabs, and flys (can't remember what they were called)
MatPat you should react to the new Don’t Hug Me I’m Scared TV show. Or rather look into the lore of it, the lore has seemed to changed.
Honestly, I don't know why so many people are crapping on Chris Pratt. If it's because of Mario being Italian, just remember that he was always from Brooklyn, the Italian voice was just added later on
Lovely!
the pause to think of goomba and then to just say koopa
I spent my childhood stomping...                                 Koopas.
They 100% could’ve just used Charles, as he’s the iconic voice behind Mario, and they just… didn’t. He was credited for being apart of it as well, so why is he not Mario?
For this movie, Chris ain’t Mario…       *Mario is CHRIS*
To be fair i dont think they had goombas in the mario bros arcade game. Though then again the turtle enemies werent called koopas so i dunno
MattPatt, we'd like to let you know you're allowed to sit back and watch the video, you don't need to pause every two seconds and have a 10 minute conversation, just because you're a content creator doesn't mean you can't watch a video like an average human
It was supposed to be a Brooklyn accent but it just sounds like...not that.
love your videos and your theories
I love how quickly youtubers respond to the Mario movie trailer. Lets you know how amazing it will be. I really can’t wait
No matter how good or bad the movie is, always remember,    THE ONE PIECE IS REAL
I wanna see Chris Pratt's reaction
Matpat's whole Movie Theory was already leaked before..
idt koopa is a slur. At least I've never heard it as a slur. I know the other mario enemy spelt slighty different is a slur, and i think thats what he was gonna say, but changed it last second
Why all the hate? He is just playing his part. I’m really glad he’s playing Mario 🙌🏻 Jesus, I’ve been a fan of all the channels for years and this is the first time I watch GTlive and all I see is you memeing and making fun of a person, if you don’t personally like him that’s ok but let the man surprise us with this project.
I’m excited for it
2 ways Pratt's voice of Mario could go: Option 1: It grows on the audience with time Option 2: it sinks the whole movie from being good to being ok
Jablinski Games as Bowser is the best choice Nintendo could have made, clearly they did their research on Youtube Gamers
Please please please do readings from FNAF on the channel with guests!
PLAY RISE OF THE DEAD ROBLOX
koopas (derogatory) is the best description for that
Chris: Stomping Koopa’s Mat: 😂😂😂😂😂 Oh nO!
I think this is the best Illumination has ever looked, I’m really exited actually, I was thrown a bit off guard with Mario’s character design but it grew on me like a mushroom parasite on a kingdom of innocent civilian
Mario Day is March 10th
I didn't know koopas was derogatory, what does it refer to in a derogatory manner.  Also it means "in the cave" according to Google.
My hero academia
Those Penguins are lucky Bowser got there first, In my experience Mario would have slaughtered them all by throwing them off a cliff one by one.
i see a amogus
How do ppl get this in their recommended the millisecond the vid gets released
Mario to me has a Brooklyn accent. So it's more Super Mario Brothers Super Show than the current Game voice or a stereotypical italian. To be honest, the movie seems to be referencing the Super Show with Mario, Toad, and Luigi's personalities.
I'm actually super hyped for this movie!, definitely going to see it in theaters when it's released!
Yooo, didn't think they'd react to this. Thanks for uploading it and navigating the Nintendo copyright system!
im so happy to be french cuz the va for mario actually tried not like chris pratt
" I spent so many hours of my life stomping....LINE!"
Do people not realize that Pratt wasn't alone when recording the voice? There's at least a director in the studio with him so if they wanted him to do an Italian accent they would have had him do it. And I think if he wanted to he could do the accent since he can do accents (que his interview with Grahm Norton). And for all you people complaining that they didn't use the original voice actor are you all okay with Chris Evans stealing Tim Allen's job? Or how about Ryan Renolds as Pikachu when they could have gotten the orginal voice actor from the game?
Now we wait for the post credit scene
All I can say, that it’s the worst decision for Chris Pratt as Mario. Makes it sounds worst.
I can imagine Mario in an ice place and fighting the penguins and goes to the cliff with the baby one and says stay back or I will I think that would be priceless 😂😂😂
You know who Mario looks like? Fix-It Felix.
Chris needs to do more work 🙄
I spent hours of my life stomping on koopas me: choking on my spit while laughing farting and burping.
Whoever's reading this, i pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
In the defense of Chris Pratt, he is a very skilled actor, and voice actor. If he wasn't fit for the job Nintendo and Illumination wanted from a Mario actor, they wouldn't have hired him. Of course the Mario voice would be a bit jarring, but for the direction this movie is going I think it fits. We can also point at the voice directions, and what kind of voice they told him to do, I think that having Chris Pratt doing a more normal, Brooklyn accent, probably being from New Donk City, separating the fantastical world of the mushroom kingdom from the urban city of basically new york is a good contrast. It will also make it to where we can see more emotion from Mario, rather than him sounding and basically being a one note character.
I honestly felt this theory was unreasonably believable given his out there it was but hey it turned out to be way more spot on than you’d think
The movie looks great honestly
I dont get it. Whats the thing with Chris saying KOOPAS? Edit: As a matter of a fact. Everyone should be expecting the scene were Toad says "You are not Mario, you are Super Mario". All of you are forbbiden to complain about that scene.
They're a little late, a series made forever ago has story's from super Mario, super Mario bros 3, and they're was another but I don't remember the name
Voices in the German Version: Mario = Kristoff from Frozen Toad = Lars from Steven Universe Bowser = Iron Man XD
Luigi is voiced by Charlie Day. It seems very fitting. Also Seth Rogen will voice DK. That’ll be interesting 😅
So I understand that Chris could probably have done a retake of his line but i also think Matt Pat is taking it a bit out of proportion he could have just been having a really off day. Just my opinion but cut him a little slack.
Dude, for Chris Pratt said Koopas because he was playing the Mario Bros arcade. Goombas didn’t exist back in that game.
Mario looks like a knockoff
The first thing I said in my mind when I saw the Mario part was, "MAT WAS RIGHT!?"
I knew it
Jack Black on GTLIVE when?! We need to make this happen!
I am begging you to look at the Video Chapter names
I browsed through the video quickly to see Matpat's reaction to my favorite part of the trailer, the moment we hear the game's music. But he paused the trailer right before it happened and then the editing cut that part of the reaction  :')
15:55 And MatPat would know about this; I've seen how he can still be bouncing around a parking lot after hours of meeting with fans in the sun
“He’s not young” Neither is Charles Martinet like what?
21:45 MatPat's honest to truth reaction lmao!
To be fair, to my knowledge there were no Goombas in the original Mario Bros. arcade game. The Koopas in it WERE called turtles back then I think but after decades of calling them koopas that's a mistake that's excusable.
I love that they brought back the bowser island lol
Can we just give him a clap and a 1/2 for him getting up early, them editing this video, and getting it posted the same day???
I feel like it’s mostly just the fact that we never hear video game Mario speak full sentences
Controversial opinion: Chris Pratt isn’t bad but isn’t the best choice.
If Pratt was talking about the Mario Bros. arcade cabinet, it's possible that he was trying to recall the enemies from the Mario Bros. game rather than the Super Mario Bros. game.
CLEARLY Chris was pausing for dramatic effect   Although It’s funny out of context
@GTLive  17:28 You can use the return youtube dislikes web extension to get the dislikes back. (Very accurate and better than nothing) They have a website if anyone is interested. I'd share the link but my comment got removed.
Chris Pratt doesn't even sound like he's trying. The other languages did a much better job, but Chris? Sounds like he's barely fucking trying.
He says he’s stomping Koopas because in the original Mario Bros arcade game there were only Koopas and Crabs, rember?
Mario has his Brooklyn accent back
I noticed the Game x Theory poster in the back and find it so adorable, especially since Spy x Family has started releasing more episodes
Honestly i have the exact same opinion XD
hours?? of my life stomping.......................................................................................... uh.................... huh.............................. koo.........loo.................koopas?
The animation/ graphics look SOOO GOOD! I'm glad they're doing it justice.
PLEASE play dysmantle
I just love how he absolutely feels the need to roast a celebrity having a human moment. Why it was one take is beyond me but it was funny nonetheless
Mat pat is the true fanboy
also they probably changed mario and luigi’s faces to be more expressive
Why was the koopa thing derogatory?
I feel like it should go without saying matt, this is the origin story route. Which means this will be taking a piece out of the Super Show in the 80s where Mario and Luigi are from Brooklyn.  The Italian voice wasn't integrated until SM64 later on.
I need MatPat and Jack Black discussing FNAF Lore
I'm just so happy that I'm not the only one that noticed Chris Pratt pause before saying Koopa's
Mario's voice reminds me of the "hello, Mario" meme
Here’s something else to note:  Chris Pratt is only familiar with THE ARCADE MARIO BROS.  He barely knows much about Mario… bad decision.
Matpat was spot on with basically all of the theory
Not first but still here
I actually think this movie is gonna be absolutely amazing + nothing can compare to the first Mario movie…..so just put that in your heads if your gonna complain no stop guys
I think I may be the only one but I actually like Mario's voice XD, idk I'm not as bothered by it as most people  are.
So is #pratpat still going to be a thing. Mat please don't do me like this. You two were great together with your brains and his.... Ability to click a clicker, yall could have taken over the world.
i will NOT stand for all this chris slander 😭
Is it just me or does matpat look like a robot.
As a masters student in 3D animation, they have no excuse why they couldn’t use the Mario model they’ve established it’s not bad what they made, like what MatPat said it is what it is, but yeah it’s, it’s a movie
Sorry to be downer here matpat you really didn't call it to say that the mario movie will be a musical. A year ago there was a leak that said it was gonna be a musical.
I dont get why people hate on chris pratt for being mario. Sure he doesnt sound like him but the voice actor for sonic isnt the same as in the movies so whats the problem.
Play bonelabs
i feel betryed by gt live beacue the tittle says thy react to the trailer and nintendo direcet so i expecet them to see the whole thing and not jump cut in this video
No💀
The strings grow. They hold more puppets. It grows stronger. Strong enough to be free of Him. Keep up your pursuit of the truth. And may one day He makes recompense.
Captain Toad back when he was a wee explorer!
I have no idea why chris saying "stomping.... koopas" is so funny but ok
TO BE FAIR, he was talking about the Mario Brothers Arcade game, which does NOT contain Goombas but DOES very prevalently contain Koopas. Though you don't really stomp them in that game. I'm surprised MatPat didn't catch that.
People are criticizing Mario’s voice, the reason he sounds like this is that he is from Brooklyn so I like the voice because it fits with him living there maybe Chris will throw in a little Italian accent
#JackBlackongtlive, PLEASE!!!!!!
I don't know why people making a big fuss about Mario not having a stereotypical Italian accent. Mario is canonically from Brooklyn not Italy
Yoooo
I will give you this one Matt. From your OG theory it does seem like you were pretty close with a lot of stuff. Maybe not the finer details, but being able to guess the plot and the type of movie through the cast alone? That's impressive. So good job there MatPat.  Edit: Also got to say for Chris Pratt, I can't really make a definitive answer on his voice because the scenes weren't of his normal voice. It's Mario still baffled and confused and just trying to go along with Toad's crazy ride. Being that fish out of water story, I want to hear him more in the normal environment to get a definite answer. But yeah for the rest, I think it's all pretty good. Even the redesign is a warming up to me for Mario. Kinda Fix it Felix like from Wreck it Ralph.
its a me mario
Gosh I thought the intro would be Naruto's intro
806th like lol :D
Leeeets too I was waiting for this
the first thing I thought about when hearing the intro theme was Naruto. (It sounded awfully similar to Silhouette by KANA-BOON, the 16th opening of Naruto Shippuden)
I’m hoping this movie is good.
Just gonna say random things
Rod
Bro. Chris Pratt is doing an accent. But….it isnt italian….its a friggin Brooklyn accent🤣
Auto correct
I laughed so hard when i heard shigeru 69year old 😅🤣
Call Darren
Call
To be honest, the penguins being there and having a kingdom immediately made me think of King Dedede.
Call
E
Haft of your work is here
Ddo
Deo
Dvf
Errf
He gonna fall into the toilet to get to mushroom kingdom
No they didnt
It's a joke right? They had Pratt do a bad voice as a joke for the first trailer. Hhahahahahaaaa I get it.
Ee
Dd
Ee
De
On the topic of Matt bringing Jack Black on the show. I'm sure it would be possible. Remember Markiplier was able to bring Jack and his son to play FNAF 4 on The Markiplier channel.
Jack Black literally improves everything he’s in. I still remember when he randomly popped up in a gorillaz song
18:14 just play it all the way once and then analyze MatPat jeez
I rue but*keek
I'm all for jokes. But remember Chris Pratt's pressure for this role.
Chris hit them with the dream face reveal
the island castle thing immediately reminded me of the first Paper Mario
STOP PAUSING THE VIDEO
Is Yoshi's Island canon in the movie?
The trailer gives me angry birds movie vibes and I can't tell if that's good or bad.  Also why Chris Pratt?  OK I know why but why???
Hello everyone
Everyone is saying there is a problem with the voice… I personally don’t think there is anything wrong, people just want to complain imo
This is the most thumbnail I have ever seen
@ The Film Theorist
You know it’s bad when even matpat is dunking on the voice
Please notice me Matpat and Stephanie. PLEASE
Early
Chris Pratt: “Stomping… koopas!” Mat: *AHUUIAUEEEEEEEEEE-*
"Nintendo confirmed my theory" so Mario IS a communist!!
Why was the video late?
:O
Deer map pack please do a video on piggy because I have a theory that discovers a massive bombshell that could tear apart piggy for the better and it is really big and there might be a great threat so please make a theory and please give me a chance to talk with the creator of piggy
I wish that I could meet them! I might as well just die. I’ll never meet Matpat and Stephanie
dang 2,667 views in a minute
The only thing that i am not really sure about the theorys is about this movie being a musical
Partner and I also burst out laughing at Koopas (derogatory), they really should have done another take.
Here
stomping….KOOPAS
I can never stop thinking about them
Subscribe to Jack and And Jared
Matpat and Stephanie are in my dreams
De
Dd
Ss
Matpat and Stephanie are the best
Jack Black said that Bowser has a musical side. GOOD JOB MATTHEW PATTHEW.
Dd
Onto
"I spend my childhood stomping Koopas" wow that had to be the worst way to say you played mario
E
D
Great job calling it!
I ignored the notification and then went “wait Nintendo just confirmed something?”
Until everyone else showed up
I’m the first one here
Cool:]
Ok
Them eyes in the background looks like they have seen some things 💀
Great job to anyone who found this comment🏆🥇
Unpopular opinion, but I don't think Chris Pratt is as bad as people make him out to be. He'll do FINE.
Why he no Italian?
Hello there
Yooooooo
Spent hours stomping on koopas
Third
Mario, the Idea vs. Mario, the Man
I’m first
I can already tell this video abouta slap
commenting until he plays vs ourple guy
Koopas (derogatory)
:O
This movie actually looks really good! I’m exited, they are doing a great job at hyping it up
NICE
Hiiiiii
Theory Suggestion: The Science of the Super Crown (Super Mario)
obunga
Man this is like what the 6th time you’ve predicted a movies outcome
The Brazilian Dub is one of the best dubs
Stomping *think pratt think* .... Koopas. *Perfect*
So the first one here
Bro mat's reactions are amazing
Hell yeah!!!
Crisp Ratt said the word koopas like it was a slur
wow
QUANDLE DINGLE
Tell me another person
stomping…        Koopas
Here’s hoping Chris Pratt isn’t the down fall of this movie.
Hi I’m better not* than you
hewo matpat I'm first also just wanted to say congrats on the win
He said koopas like it was a slur
Hi
yassss nintendo!!!!
Eh
I bet when I loaded again
Chris Pratt memes assemble
This movies gonna be sick
Nice
Cool
Perfect, truly perfect. Nice
O ok
Game theory idea: dogeminer looooore!
Here we go
Hell yeah!
1 view and three comments?????🤔🤔🤔
EARLY
YEAH I SAW MARIO GO OUT OF THE PORTAL AND WAS LIKE MATPAT WAS RIGHTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!
Play I’m actually the first one here
First one here
Great job man👍
No quite first but close
MatPat is awesome 😎
I’m ready for this
Hey
yoo
First one here
Notification Squad!!
Second
First!!!
Mario when no italian 😢
OH MY GOD
Good for him
