Some commenters have pointed out that we say "after our lineage split with chimpanzees," "members of our lineage after the split with chimpanzees," and "after our split from chimpanzees" at various points in this episode. Just to clear things up, humans and our extinct relatives share a common ancestor with chimpanzees and their extinct relatives. After our lineage split from this common ancestor, we call our group "hominins." Living chimpanzees also have their own separate evolutionary history since that shared common ancestor.
Like if you're left-handed
It's due to masturbation
now tell me why am i right handed but when i play football i become a left footed?
6:38 Jordon Montgomery
I’ve heard that that’s because woman used to collect small fruits and nuts with a basket while holding a baby and as they were holding a baby close to their hearts so the baby could listen to the heart beat they hold the basket in the right hand and did most of the work with right hand
"Theres no one right way to be human"  What a crazy idea 💙🩷🤍🩷💙
You didn't talk about whether it's true that lefties are more creative
So fascinating!   It makes sense that it's not just a choice we make for ourselves or culture driven but rather based in brain function itself.   I can feel the subtle mental unease when trying to use the left hand for tool use.
Let me guess- 90% of the people watching this are left-handed.
I'm just wondering how and why we know that almost all kangaroos are left handed
Orangutans are predominantly left handed, video got it wrong
1:21 6 7
So basically this is a click bait video that does not answer the question in the title 😢
I remember explaining to a physical therapist that I was right handed, so my left arm and hand are stronger. She seemed confused.  Hold the baby, stir the soup. Carry the groceries, hold the house key. I garden with one glove; the bare right hand does putsy stuff, the left hand with the glove does the big weeds and such. It seemed obvious to me. Right hand does the small stuff; left hand does the big stuff.
I'm right footed!
I masturbated so much as a kid with my right that eventually I had to switch, I now can use both hands either way😊
I'm using left for most things however  I goon with right hand, hold pornhub in the left one, massage her kitty with left again It's weird
In my family of 4 kids. We inherited our mothers left handedness trait. But our younger sister (whom was adopted by our Aunt) was forced to write and use her right hand. Left handedness wasnt desireable in our culture🤦‍♀️. Now nobody cares
My brother and I are mostly right handed but we both write with the left hand.
When I was in school, I used to cry because my fingers got red and sore trying to use right-handed scissors. Everyone else was cutting paper like pros while I was fighting for my life! Now I’m basically a certified right-handed-scissor survivor
There Must have Been 'libs' Among them back then also!
i do everything creative with my left and everything work with my right
I think I wrote upside-down once in grade three.I can remember doing more than and less than < > in mathematic in the old boy school 🚸
Tldr: we don't know yet
nice
am i a shiny since i am left handed?
Probably sword fighting you want your heart far away so left foot back right hand forward  plus if you go left hand forward right foot back and you get punctured under your arm put that normally a direct heart shot of there is enough force to pierce the ribcage
"70-95%" is decidedly not "exact".
I have 2 brothers one is left handed and the rest of the family is right handed but my moms dad I could use my left very well I could shoot basketball bat lefty just have to practice hard
Im left eye dominant but right handed.
Some species of crabs have bigger right limb
I always loved being left handed, tho i was born on Halloween so even as a kid I fet lucky being born when I did, ida been burnt on the stake if I was around for the Salem witch trials
I was born left-handed, but forced to be right-handed from a young age.
4:39 that’s NLE Choppa 😂
😂😂😂 wrong!!!!
Years ago I met my boyfriend's Indigenous Indian relatives in Minnisota. We went out to eat and because I am left handed, I noticed that all of the family members were left handed too. They said all of their full blooded people were left handed. I was also told that when my dad was in school, they made all the left handed kids only do things right handed and were told that they could only be right handed. So, that being said, If the most of the Americans Indians did not get killed and the schools many years ago, did not force all the children to be right handed. Then what would that real percentage be?  Have or do other places in the world enforce children to be right handed? I do not think it's an advantage that has made it dominant, but perhaps violence and force.
Why?It made masturbation easier!!!Evolution 😂😂😂
I was born left handed, but my father forced me to use my right hand due to his religious beliefs. Today, I'm right handed. I'm curious that If I work enough, can I be left handed again?
Se we became (mostly) right-handed because we always were (mostly) right-handed? Was hoping for actual information :(
To me the worst thing about being left handed is using right handed scissors. The advantages of being left handed are many.  Most of which are in the brain.
Came for the video, stayed for the Comments section. Commenting just so I can more easily return to this rightly left-some comments section again.
If I was scraping a skin held in my teeth and hand I would never hit my teeth because I would scrape away from my face.
1:27 67
Fascinating. Thanks
do you think that there is some contribution in that the close-knit communities of our ancestors might have trained more right-handed people because the tools favored using their right hand or their teachers taught them specifically so? that, plus since the advent of Christianity, a lot of left-handed people were either killed or retrained
I’ve been a professional pilot for many decades, and while anecdotal, the number of left handed pilots I’ve worked with is far above what you would expect for a population sample.  We constantly work with different pilots on different flights, I remember one year I sort of kept track in my logbook and it was close to 50% of the guys I flew with were lefties.  Could have been a total fluke, or maybe there’s something to it.
I write with my left hand. When I joined the local handball club as a kid I was excited to learn that left handed people are highly sought after (because they have a better throwing angle from the right side of the pitch). 5 minutes into the training I realized that I am throwing balls with my right hand. Lol Turns out I am left-handed for anything requiring fine motor skills. Everything that requires more power I do with right.
I am semi-ambidextrous. I primarily write left handed but can write legibly with my right hand (my signature is right handed). Depending on the task, i prefer one hand over another like i wash dishes with my left hand and throw a ball with my right. Some tasks i do equally well with either hand.
My sister was left handed and forced to start using the right hand because of superstition. I am younger and left handed, my parents just decided to accepts.
No answer is given to the misleading title of the video.
I have to say I don't really understand the point in the video. Isn't handedness going back before primates? Just watch cat videos and cats swat majority with their right hand.
For us we are actually taught by our parents. They would literally slap your hand if you used left
I'm a lefty.  I learned to box ambidextrous, paid-off because the first round I'd start out righthanded then during the 2nd and 3rd rounds I'd switch over to southpaw. I bat either, swing a golf club righthanded and catch with my right hand. I write with either hand, but use a keyboard/type as a lefty.
Pretty sure that the real reason most  humans are right handed has something to do with asymmetry of the diaphragm. The right diaphragm is a larger stronger muscle than the left side. This can set up a series of posture biases all throughout the body. This is called the Left AIC pattern.
Everyone I know is mostly right handed.... mostly.
3:10 Fed Express!
Theory of evolution lol
It's more complicated than that.  If the palm is facing downward or away from the person, a right handed person will have more dexterity using the right hand, but if a right handed person is working with the palm facing upward, or toward them, they will have more dexterity using the left hand.  Example, for a guitar player, the hand pressing strings against frets requires more dexterity, for a right handed player, that's going to be the left hand, for a left handed player that's going to be the right hand.  Other instruments such a flute and woodwinds, the right handed person will prefer the right hand facing down or away from them, and the left hand facing up or toward them.  Drummers using traditional grip, same thing.  I'm sure examples other than playing a musical instrument could be made.
I’m whatever I identify as, and you’d better respect it
When you really want to make the video 10min long just repeat the same thing in different word 20 times. Interesting topic, far to long stretched for these few informations.
U can change I was right handed but have had so many injuries over the years on my shoulder and wrist that I’m now far stronger with my left hand.
My guess as to why we prefer one hand over the other is that it would take too much brain power/development to have both hands on max skill level. You unlock most benefits from one very coordinated hand so developing 2 hands to that level would waste energy.   So with this thesis most animals have 2 left hands. They never developed them to be as proficient as human hands therefore don’t need to decide which one to prioritize.
I’d give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
In some areas they force kids to use their right hands, a lot of lefties become ambidextrous.
I've noticed my cat seems to prefer using her right paw for things like scratching or pawing at stuff. I've trained her to "high five" me and "other hand" is for her left paw. She seems to like to use her right paw more often than left.
I follow an elephant orphanage channel and elephants are right or left. Similar to teeth, their tusks show their preference. It's fascinating😊
PBS never split with chimpanzees.
Name..!
i use right hand better for some task, and left better for others
"No right way to be human". I'm so glad we unfunded this ideologically captured dump.
I m pretty sure immitation and demonstration (teaching) played a significant tole very early on
I other words  they don't know why .
I write and play racket sports with my right hand but handle tools and toothbrush with my left hand. Am I right handed or left handed? Maybe I am even handed? 😅
This video didn’t state the obvious. There is a distinct evolutionary advantage of being right handed. If most people are right handed when defending or attacking another right handed person, your dominant hand/arm is attacking the weak side of the other person.
I watched this because I saw the Ancestors game's gameplay
“70-95% to be exact” 😂 that’s not quite exact
But , with regard to the percentage of lefties, how is a mutation that has evolutionary advantage is used sparingly. As to my knowledge , mutations that give advantage are propagated more often and not used thriftily.
They be scratching them teeth huh
This was written like one of those papers with a minimum word so you just repeat the same facts a lot and fill in with a lot of fluff...
I'm right handed but write with my left hand. Basically everything else Im doing with my right, punching, hitting, throwing, holding tooth brush. However for some reason I can't hold pen in my right hand since I remember myself. I struggled with coloring because myeft hand is weaker, for me it hard to color with pressure for some period of time, I struggled with it In school, right now I'm struggling with it when playing with my kid
Nuns, the answer is Nuns. The catholic school type to be more specific
Only left handed people are in their right mind...LOL
Hello lefties
Handedness: stone tools?  Are sea-otters (stone tools) right- or left-handed? Modern biological & geological insights in ape+human evolution, google "Attenborough Verhaegen 2024"
I appreciate the pun that there is no 'right' wat ti be human, but there actually is a right way and that is to be kind, starting with yourself.
If you’re in a boxing match unless it’s your opponent’s first bout I would have thought you’d be aware of the fact of their left handedness therefore the element of surprise would be zero. In fact even in the first bout it is likely that it would be known which fist was dominant. Interesting video.
Humans overwhelmingly right; PBS overwhelmingly left. Unsustainable.
7:05 “I hit him with the left! Then the left! Then I pummeled him with the left! He didn’t know where I was comin’ from!”
I have 3 left handed children. My brother and i were put into classes to train us to use our right hand.
Left Handers Guide was a fun and eye opening book. We get into more accidents and die earlier. The world isn’t made for us. 😢❤
I’m left handed. But here’s where it gets weird. I write and hold and cut with a knife using my left hand. But I hold and cut with scissors using my right hand. In school I was always given left handed scissors, which I quickly exchanged for right handed ones.
I use my right hand mostly but few things I can do better with my left
I'm lefty and proud
I'm left handed for writing and using a knife for cutting vegetables. Play tennis / snooker left handed, but use a bat in a right handed style. Use scissors with my right hand, throw a ball right handed. Use or fork left handed, but when eating knife goes in my right hand. Don't know why.
One sport virtually leaves out lefties. That's field hockey. Sticks are made only for right-handers, and lefties must adjust to play the sport by using the right-hander's grip.
PBS: it's Trump's fault.
Every horse I’ve ever known has a dominant side. Seems to be the left side. It’s thought the left is dominant because most riders are right handed, and we interact with horses on their left side because of that. However, even feral horses are mostly left handed.
Very interesting. I would love to hear abt lobsters. 1 hand always seem to be larger
Split from the champanzees!? You've got to be kidding right? And people even defending it guys c'mon i know they are scientists but you have the freedom to analyze the informations you receive and process them please guys it's 2025 we live in a world where every information we consume is controlled and well studied to effect you or to manipulate you in certain ways so it fits there goals I don't like the matrix nomination and those conspiracy theories sh%t  but it's REAL
I was considered left handed most of my life until I learned about cross dexterity in my late 30s and realized this is what I experience.
Free our Brother
I use left hand while writing, and right arm while using mouse.   I play a lot of FPS games, and I can't help but think—if I had started with a left-handed mouse, maybe I'd be in a better rank by now.
so superficial informations and the doesnt tell anything at all. you are borrowed me that 10 mins what u steal from my life.
Using tools needs a preference.
How about left handed but right footed?
As a lefty, the two things that bothered me growing up were having to learn how to write from only right-handed people who could not help me write well, and all the can openers at the time being made for right-handed people. You can buy or custom-order left-handed tools like can openers now, but not when I was a kid.
I’m a tennis player and my right arm is so much stronger than my left. I also broke my left arm when I was 6 so that might have something to do with it, but it still shows how significant handedness can be. I don’t believe in this evolution stuff, but this is still cool!
Our heart is positioned in the left section of our chest. If our ancestors chose to guard their torso with their left arm they would have higher survival rate over those who chose to guard their torso with the right arm. The right arm would then become the dominant hand for reaching out from the body while the left was more inclined to stay close to the body. It would be an evolutionary advantage simply because our heart is more to the left side in our body. This would make the majority right-handed and the minority left-handed because that is how things balance out with things like a slightly off-center vital organ within a bipedal species.
I’m not sure he’s correct about us splitting from chimpanzees. I believe we’re distant cousins of chimpanzees not descendants.
I've been born left handed, but my parents decided that the most "right" way is to be right handed... and I've been forced to mainly use my right. but i broke my right hand, so either way i had to use my left again. and now i wouldn't say im ambidextrous, it's just chaotically split which hand i use, like writing, carying a bag, washing my face, opening a bottle and some private stuff i just do with different hands and sides of my body always, something is just strictly left handed, something is right handed and just feels weird doing with other hand
This video was a whole lot of nothing
This video is all based on the idea that some guy came up with, and nobody has ever really tried to refute it. I love this channel it's one of the best on YouTube. But that's the issue I have with archeology, nobody really knows if those scratches came from cleaning hides. It just as easily could have came from eating habits that were adopted over a long period of time, until we stopped eating whatever it was that scratched our teeth up like that
Cats are usually left-handed. Not sure if this applies to all cats, btw, but, house cats are supposed to be.
I like how numbers are just thrown out as facts. Make the stupid people smart I guess.
im right handed for everything except for two of the most random scenarios ever; when i'm shooting a bow, and when im dealing cards
At 7:39 you opine that the reason the incidence of left-handedness remains low is that the advantage of being left-handed would disappear if too many humans possessed it. Are you suggesting that you believe evolution somehow "understands" that this advantage depends on the rarity of those possessing it and wishes to preserve that advantage? Or is there some other way of making sense of that opinion in the context of natural selection?
Forget left handed people, how many people are right handed but left footed ?
Left handed and left foot dominant
se
This guy who says we are the only ones so strongly handed hasn't seen some crabs.
Up until I was in 2nd grade I was fully ambidextrous. I got sent to the office 3 times, they tried to suspend me from kindergarten for "intentionally choosing to write with the incorrect hand". My parents were told the school wasn't comfortable with my "rebellion" and requested they coach me on aligning with societally standards. Thankfully that made my dad push me to be a lefty. Now I write left handed but I shoot firearms right handed, mouse right handed. I bat switch in baseball. What I've noticed if you kept practicing activities with both hands from a young age you'll retain far more of ambi. End of the day I feel like it's a lot of muscle memory, set forth by you imitating those around you at a young age
18 months ago I lost all function in my right hand due to a fasciomety for like two months and then 6 months of p.t. and I regained enough function of my hand to be totally fine. Still can't close it all the way, but during the healing process couldn't close my hand at all, two fingers could bend a little bit.   But during all that time, I still had to cook and stuff and I noticed no matter how inconvenient it was for me I could not ever use my left hand for what my right was used to doing. Buttering toast, spreading peanut butter. I would fumble less with my disabled hand then when I tried with my left. It was awful and enlightening
0:39 horses overwhelmingly prefer being on the left lead
As a side note, it's interesting to think that left-handedness has been marginalized at different points in history. My great grandfather was a leftie but he was beaten in school until he learned to use his right hand. The fact that such prejudice is considered barbaric by most people now and lefties are just allowed to be who they are says a lot about how attitudes can change about other marginalized traits and identities.
HEY  I just had a random thought, right handedness, IE most of us, it's common because the heart is on the left side, and people punch things, so yeah. I'm gonna watch the video now after searching this and having that thought.
I'm right handed and my sister is left handed.  Whenever we sat side by side at the dinner table and when we reach for food her arm would get get in the way, sometimes made me spill drinks.  Very sinister.
There should be reserach done on languages which write right to left, like Arabic. Maybe there might be more left handed people over there
In school during my exams, while eating my food, I would sometimes read and try to make short notes with my left hand (I am right-handed), it was really interesting that I accidentally wrote in mirror image from my left hand. Even now, I find it almost easier to write in mirror image with my left hand, when I do try to write with it
For the same reason our eyes and all anatomical parts on the other side are slightly different in size, more noticeable in some than others, but it makes sense the more developed side would be favored to perform more demanding tasks...Naturally...My humble opinion, which tends to be 🤭 more "correct" than wrong...Right? 😜
I’m right-handed. When I was young, I could never understand  why I struggled driving a stick shift. At first, I thought I was just uncoordinated. Then… while stationed in Japan, I drove a left-handed car. Voilà! It was so natural for me to shift with my left hand while my buddies struggled to drive the same car. Weird. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I have never had sex with a Human, I prefer Neanderthals. Is it neanderporn?
I’m an oddball. I write left-handed, but overall I only do a few things the left handed way e.g, I play Golf right handed, throw right handed, racket right handed, box right handed. If I was around in Medieval times, i’d hold my sword with my right hand.
Guy never learned to cut away from your face.
I am right handed and left footed. Yet I cannot eat with a fork in my left hand & knife in my right hand, the supposedly "right handed way" to hold cutlery.
Wow, assumptions supported by assumptions.
Dogs definitely have a preference. Most of my dogs are/were right pawed.
NOT WATCHING THIS BECAUSE OF THE OBNOXIOUS AMOUNT OF ADS. THIS IS WORSE THAN USA CABLE
I'm cross dominant. I write and use most one-handed tools with my left, but use a computer mouse, phone and most two-handed tools right-handed. I never thought about it too much, I just used whichever hand felt natural to me.
Trust me I was there
40 percent of major league pitchers are left handed. But, 100 percent of major league catchers are right handed. I think it all comes down to necessity, and natural selection.
I believe male cats are primarily left pawed. So at least some other mammals do have a preference.
What do you mean that seventy to ninety percent of us are right handed?  Can't you be more unprecise.
I’m right handed, but am a retired organist.  Here’s one - I also make quilts, and find it is easier for me to thread the sewing machine with my left hand - it’s more much more accurate.  I also found another quilter who does the same thing.
I went to a Catholic primary school in Ireland in the mid 70s. I remember being tested for which hand I used to pickup a toilet tissue tube and put it to my eye to look through. I’m 90% sure the nuns then pushed me to be right handed.
I'm mostly right handed, but when I used to box I tend to favour south-paw. Didn't realize that gave much of an advantage.
ofc in men is stronger lol
Duuuuuude I’m left handed, and I was cutting carrots!!! Lmfao that’s wild to me, what are the chances lol
The British drive on the left so they have their mostly dominant hand, their right hand, free to take care of anything or anyone coming up alongside or towards them. It makes perfect sense. Why most other countries changed this baffles me because it seems so logical.
I wonder if a lefty growing up in a right-handed world has led to them being more successful with adapting to challenges, or some edge that righties don’t. Meaning, when they come across tools, etc that is made for the majority of righties, their brain processes and adapts to these challenges easier and that this sets them up for overcoming other challenges in life in a more efficient way also.
Lot of wacko theories in the comments about why people are left handed 😂
I was left handed but my parents change it 😢
“Some other bipedal ‘mammals’ like kangaroos…” 🤔
5:00 Homo sapiens did not split from chimpanzees. We evolved along side of them. One of several mistakes made during this video.
Our PoTuS likes to use both hands to hold a glass of water
Ut noyt strong left nor right bub
me reading about people being allowed to write with their left hands in schools: you guys are allowed to do that?   primary school teachers forced me to write with my right hands with any means possible
What if ten percent of Neanderthal were left Handed? You have no way of knowing, there aren’t that many specimens. People are mostly right handed now, they probably always have been.
My theory is that handedness is connected to spatial cognition.  Generally speaking, the right side of our brains (which controls the left side of our bodies) dominates abstract thought while the left side of our brains (which controls the right side of our bodies) dominates concrete thought.  A primitive hunter tries to pick off a bird by throwing a rock; the concept originates in the right hemisphere, but the execution is carried out by the left hemisphere.  In an age when such proficiency was key to both survival and reproduction (particularly for males), it's easy to understand why our ancestors were almost exclusively right-handed.  Two other factors which come into play are genetic variation and the advent of civilization.  Owing to our dimorphic natures, genetic variation is far more common among males than females - plotted out, nearly all women exist within the first deviation; the second deviation is overwhelmingly male, while the third deviation is almost exclusively male.  We see this in most every aspect of society, where men dominate both the upper and lower extremes while women 'safely' cluster in the middle.  Given women's roles in procreation, it is similarly easy to understand why this is so.  But that is arguably why most lefties are men.  Since the advent of civilization, such proficiency isn't as essential to survival as it was previously.  Abstract cognition is often as successful as concrete cognition; though we're still heavily skewed towards "doers", society has evolved a niche for "thinkers" as well.  As such, lefties aren't as vulnerable (and, by extension, weeded from the gene pool) as in ancient times; since left-handed men are no longer excluded from procreation, that trait is increasingly passed along to female offspring as well.
I’m right handed, but I shoot a gun left handed, and I also skateboard with my right foot forward.
I can use both very well. Im defying evolution
One of the trade off for lefties is playing musical instruments, notably guitar and drums. I played both and I trained myself to play with 2 types of guitar, left-handed guitar (my own guitar) and right-handed guitar on the wrong side (flipped). For drums I need to completely rearrange every drum set I'm going to play, because I can't kick with right foot (lower power and messy coordination) so I kick with left foot and move the snare to the right.
My dads left handed so grew up using the mouse to our computer geared towards that. I still use the mouse on left til this day even tho I’m right handed
Me praying this applies to our legs too
I think it depends on cultural background. In many cultures.. including my dad's, it's innapropriate to use your left hand because the left is used to clean your butt... My dad would smack me for using my left as a child. As an adult, I dated within a completety different culture and was also reprimended for using my left hand.
What about ambidextrous?
As a kid all the way untill until I started to go to school at age of 7, I was left handed, and then the teachers in that school forced me to use the right hand as I looked like weird to them, and to this day  at 45 I'm still right handed and can do some stuff with left hand!
I'm left handed for all things, except for when i game with M/K, then i'm right handed😆
HA! NO RIGHT WAY!!! LOLOL!
The left handed cave paintings also could have been the population at the time most people have 2 hands so to say every hand print is one person they could have used there other hand but if it was only one hand it's counting people
Using our brains to much
W
The funniest part is being left handed and having a right-to-left language
Wrighting
Messi is left-handed, the GOAT
I was born left handed but my dad considered it a weakness so he forced me to use my right hand and would hit me everytime I used my left. Today I write, draw, and play musical instruments with my right hand and punch, play sports, and carry with my left hand.
Just wanted to comment on the southpaw boxing(fighting stance). while it is more "sneaky" in a way it does have one main disadvantage, your liver is now on the front facing side of the body and more susceptible to blows or injury. A proper liver shot can be more devastating then a punch in the face, if done correctly, you can essential hit the lights of button to the body and legs. Not to mention liver shots are extremely painful.
Actually most horses naturally lead with their left leg to nearly the same extent as humans prefer their right hand.
I think also the fact that from a right hander is more beneficial, take writing down for example. The english language anyways writes left to write, so you dont get ink on your hand if right sided, and you don’t cover what you’re writing as you write it. I guess this doesn’t apply for arabic though. I can’t think of other example but Im sure there are more. I’d imagine though that learning that right hand makes more practical sense prompts to keep that behaviour
All these theories are not facts
My volume was set to decently high while relaxing and the sudden high pitched girl voice almost activated my flight or fight response 😅
In my culture eating with left hand is considered a bad thing So as a left handed person i got used to eat with my right hand however no matter how much i try when i forget i automatically pick the spoon with my left hand, its something you cant change no matter how hard u try
Most people are fine with both hands if ambidexterity is developed from a young age. Problem is we don’t do it enough for kids. Even though it helps brain development in many ways
The reason behind humans favoring their right hand is because during the stone age humans would run counterclockwise around dinosaurs while dragging the females around with their right hand to keep them away from the dinosaurs.
Watching TV programs, I’ve noticed many actors are left handed.
What about crabs!? Are they right ou left clawed?
While the Budgie has no dominant hand, it always prefers its left hand while eating or mounting.
Left hand people are hand in hand with the devil
5:18  I’m actually surprised to learn that.  Most of the left handed people I’ve known in my life are women, so I thought you were going to say it the other way around.
I did construction when I was young and the lefties were often injured on the job, my brother and I were both left handed and had frequent issues with injuries and took malfunctions. You do have to be careful being left handed.
In 8th grade I put in a "paper" that I felt Olmecs and similar groups differentiated right and left hand dominance.  If stone statues had left hand higher they seemed to me to be associated with the jaguar (or quiet calm approach to situations).  Right hand higher was associated with phallic reference, serpent and weapons.  I felt this was being showed to relate to more warlike preference.
2:58 that supposed that the people whose hands were painted also did the painting, surely another could have done it?
heres an idea. folks lost a limb, and adapted to using their left hand. maybe seeing how its useful to use both hands, perhaps more conditioning or exercising the two hands became a thing, or perhaps the member who lost a limb had it happen early on and thru life, his brain and body recognized the one arm/hand and reprogrammed itself to strongly favor the left side more, and then passing it to an offspring that way. two random ideas that might be a neat thought
I disagree about the animals favouring sides, horses have “leads” where they lead with one side of their body rather than the other
Why are they standing
My father did most tasks, including writing, with his right hand, but played sports as a lefty. Suspicion is he grew up in a tine when lefties were forced to use their right hands. This would have been less prevalent in teaching/playing sports. He didn't use each hand to do whatever, so not likely ambidextrous.
I'm left handed af
The catholics caused it
I am old enough to remember the horrible treatment and abuse left-handed people received. Arms tied to their chairs, hands struck by rulers, forced to change hands or spanked, and worse. My husband and I were at a restaurant a few years ago on a date lunch when an elderly women angrily and loudly made disparaging remarks about me using my left hand and she demanded either she or we be moved. I received similar dismayed astonishment in many places I traveled through Europe and I absolutely had to change hands when we were in the Middle East and parts of Asia. Archaeologists have actually found numerous left-handed villages but the people were wiped out. Who is to say it wasn't 50/50 or humans were ambidextrous before but right handers killed them off?
Both my wife's and my families are right-handed, and my oldest son is a lefty. It's hard to show a left-handed golf swing when you are right-handed. 😂
The lefty surprise is the most Important part showing up to a new season and being the only lefty in your confrence
Bears are left handed and they are solitary creatures.
This dude has mostly Neanderthal DNA talking like he real homo sapien. Neanderthal was made into people from primates what we know now as Bigfoot
i broke my elbow recently, i  am struggling with using my left side more.
Long story short, we always were. Left handedness has some minor situational advantages, like blue eyes. That's why they still exist, giving us increased diversity.
Only 99% have a dominant hand?  I have never seen a basketball player who shot with either hand on longer shots.
3:18 they are not extinct they are still around, and now they migrating to europe
Hmm interesting, I would've thought it had more to do with language development than bipedalism or tool use, especially since tool use is actually more common in the animal world than most people think. Aaand now I have to look up if Brodmann Area 44 is active during tool use in lefties 😅
This isn't true I'm left hand an do everything with my right only write with my left
Baseball has a left handed advantage so much over 50% of hall of famers are left handed despite the low percentage of left handed people in general.
I don’t believe those marks on the teeth got there that way. I have no other theory s but that’s pretty fn stupid. lol
They forced my sister to use her right hand for writing. She can still write with her left but now she used right hand for everything
Simple !  Because left hand left them with wrong result. So they started use right hand to do things rightly !!!
Left handed (or footed) soccer players have an important advantage. Well ... they give an important advantage for their teams. That happens for reasons simmilar to that of boxe and also for some specific to soccer tlike the corner kick and free kicks close to the goal post.
Another video that takes too long to get to the point.
😅 I love this episode
i am a right winger
It's always funny in fencing/swordfighting. Righty's face lefty's maybe 10% of the time. Lefty's face righty's 99% of the time. Watching two lefty's fencing is hilarious.
Too bad no one is checking birds. I've been owned by a dozen budgies and cockatiels, and all of them have been lefties. One of them knew how to flip his rolly-toy out of the "corral" we built to protect him on the floor--always with his left foot. And guess what? A lot of birds--especially the smart ones, corvids and parrots--are tool users, and hold food with a foot while eating it. And, of course, they're also bipedal. The special status of humans decreases each time you look more carefully at animals.
I’m only left handed in writing and drawing unless I’m writing on a board then I can use both for some reason, with any other task I pretty much use my right hand so much so that you can tell just by looking at how my right hand looks rougher than my left hand
Based on the shape of the fingers, the oldest known hand stencil was made by a woman. I think that would mean the first known artist was a woman.
It is said polar bears are left ‘handed’. Not sure who did the survey!
The boxing analogy was terrible.  If I see a dude square up and his right hand is his lead hand, I'm not going to be surprised when he throws a left straight.
I work with the elderly and disabled. And if I had a pound for every time a person over 80 points out that I use my left hand to write!! 😂 It wasnt allowed in their day, so they see it as highly unusual or something to be corrected 🙈
And the answer is…. Because of the direction Neanderthals wanted the scratches on their teeth to point…
I am I the only right handed* one here, among you 5% to 30% of the population?   (*full disclosure: I can write with my left hand as well).
Interesting.
Clicked on this because I’m left handed lol
super repetitive video that doesn't even answer the question in the title..
Was born right handed, today i write, eat, and do everything with my left, makes me feel like a super human
Im left hand dominant but for what ever reason if I am swinging a bat or a club with two hands I do it the right handed way but if I do it with one hand I do it left handed 😂
I was left handed and broke my arm playing karate in a church and had to switch to my right. I'm not even ambidextrous. I was 4
In Greece in the 50’s and perhaps before, being left handed was considered a sign of the devil, so they would force left handed kids to tie their left hand back and write with their right.   My dad went through this, and was converted to a right handed person, and in school I would notice some teachers from my dads generation, instinctively putting their left hand behind their back as if it’s tied, I figured it may be a habit from these times.  I was still born left handed, my older sister too, yet I always wonder whether at least in Greece, the old left hand demonisation had an impact on reducing left handers.
I was taught to write right handed but i did a lot of other things with ny left hand. After i got some nerve issues on my right shoulder it hurt to write things with my right hand so i started using my left and saw that i could pretty much do everything with my left hand XD
My grandma wouldn’t let me do anything left handed.
why do u repeat the same thing 3 times until minute 5 where u finally get to the point of the video?
Watched the whole video without skipping and I still don’t know why we are right handed.
10 minutes of telling the same thing using different words
Why mostly use right handed .because thag is right 😅😅😅
I was born a leftie but my kindergarten teacher made me write with my right hand, so now i do random things that FEEL like writing, with my right hand. & everything else with my left 👍🏼
0:06 They?! Their?! Was the Neanderthal non-binary? lol Say he, his ffs.
I had a boss that could write with both hands simultaneously on 2 different pages. She was very sharp and could speak a few languages.
People became right handed because the western education system, run by the churches back then, forced it on all the children because left handed kids were regarded as devillish
I knew I was a born fighter❤️🫡
Now combine this research with linguistic research on when and how the right side became the “right” side
MY LEFTIES RISE UP!!! i knew we were better 🤣🤣
Reasoning given at 5:40.
Not true, years ago it was considered " sinister " to be left handed and countries under the British Empire were forced to write with their right hand in schools, just ask anyone who grew up in the early 1900s
The Benjamites were all left handed actually
I love this video!! In preschool, we had 3 lefties and 2 prs of left-handed scissors. The teachers made me switch to my right, because I was the only girl, and they knew it would be easier to retrain me rather than one of the boys 🤦🏽🤦🏽  I'm very ambi these days. I write with my right, pew pew with my left, eat with my left, cut with my right, handle extreme hiking gear and equipment with my left, and do a million things with whatever hand gets there first.
My dog is right-pawed, always prefers to lead with his right paw for tricks and digging, and is more annoyed if I hold his right paw as opposed to the left.
My sister is left handed and i never knew until she was like 14, I call her an anomaly
Interestingly, I was told recently that I was born left-handed but was "corrected" at an early age. Apparently that was a very common practice decades ago.
I'd like to correct the bit about lefties being advantaged in boxing/fighting. Fighting a southpaw is definitely different, but by nature of having their right side forward, they're very vulnerable to liver shots and shovel hooks. That's why so many southpaws favor Philly shell.
Wow❤
I still remember being encouraged to become right handed as a kid... I'm sure that plays no small part in the continued majority of right handedness.
I think we are the only species with a dominant hand  is because we evolved to use tools. You have to hold the tool in 1 hand or the other, thus creating a dominant, unlike apes who just use both hand to climb. I dont know why the right hand is most occuring tho.
This video is quite verbose; it keeps paraphrasing essentially the same information over and over, adding very little in between. It could easily be half the length.
Left handed people have been summoned (inc me)
How about the time you were a baby in your moms womb? Usually the fetusˋ right ear is facing „out“. Which stimulates the left hemisphere first, therefore becoming right handed.
Left-handedness is wonderful in sports like tennis because the majority of players are right-handed and the spin of my ball can throw them off when it doesn’t bounce like they expect it to.
I made myself ambidextrous out of sheer willpower. You can do it too
I find Lenape Indian scrapers in an area in the northeast US and about half of them are left handed dominant.
Because it’s the “right” thing to do
The comments made me realize I use my left hand more than I thought - purely out of having OCD and preserving cleanliness for my dominant right hand
My grandfather was ambidextrous. My brother and daughter are both left handed. The rest of us are right handed 😂
Because the left hand was used to protect the heart when fighting.  There, saved you 10 minutes
Well I'm lefty😅
My evolution failed. I'm left-handed
I don't get the desire to make everything distinct. We are all both handed.... No one's tying their left hand back only using a right hand. I have strengths for each hand as i'm sure most others do
SO COOL
Just goes on about the prevalence of right handedness but doesn't really say "how" like the title promises
I am right handed but there are times when I use my left hand like lifting weights my left hand is stronger than my right hand. And archery because my right eye is blind
I'm left handed...but I can use both hands. The right hand just feel wrong... 😭
My dad was left handed and became ambidextrous to where he could throw a baseball perfect both hands. He ate right handed just writing was much easier left handed. Like nice cursive handwriting. I'm right handed but left eye dominant so I have to shoot right handed or play pool or snowboard goofy. It's strange.
Audience true Disclaimer should be play this video in a little slow speed to add more value to which you were looking for..
I'm right handed but drive primarily with my left hand on the steering wheel.
I’m a weirdo. Write left handed. Paint left handed. Play guitar right handed, throw right handed. Some things like shooting I can do both almost as easily. It’s fun.
I love being Left handed we’re unique👊✊
I was born left-handed. But i went to a Catholic school and the nuns converted me to becoming right-handed. Perhaps everyone was taught by nuns in ancient times?
I am left handed. My name is Hopkins, Witch-finder General.
It’s because of me. Sorry everyone
I would argue that the existence of lefties to date is a proof that there isn't a genetic connection and that the preference is more cultural.   I remember as a child being ambidextrous, particularly remembering my fighting hands, the game of hand wrestling as the right would try to win over left and vise versa. But then I kept getting slapped, mostly by my father when he noticed me using my left hand to eat or do other things. So personally, I was forced to become right handed.
My grandmother had her left hand tied to the back of her chair because we British thought that left handedness was satanic as recently as 60 years ago
I remember a time when if you were left-handed they thought something was wrong with you.
I am a left handed musician who somehow plays right handed. Everything I do is mostly done with the left hand, but when it comes to playing my instruments it’s the right hand. So weird
I'm mostly ambi but there's just a few tasks that I favor one hand over the other for
Im left handed i writte and do some stuff better with left hand theres stuff i can do with both i cant shoot a footballwith my left foot  i rather use my right foot i rather use a hammer with my right hand, and im greatly stronger with my left hand
My son was ambidextrous. And then he got injured pretty badly on his left hand with scissors to the extent that he has some stunting of the growth in that hand so now he’s right hand handed.
So what about people like me who write with their left hand but do everything else with their right?
All this is wrong.  We are mainly right handed because our DNA spins to the right.
So basically, being left handed is the next step in our evolution🥱
I feel it's because we started cleaning our backside😂😂😂
Left handed human checking in 🖖🏾
Aren't most orangutans left handed yet this guy keeps stating no other primate displays one hand dominance
It is normal that there are more male lefthanders than female lefthanders. Being lefthanded is an avantage in fight : not only lefthanders are more accostumed to confront righthanders, than righthanders are accostumed to confront lefthanders... But lefthanders' bodyposition protects allso a lot better vital bodyparts...( liver, heart ...).
My service dog was handed, I noticed he preferred stepping into his gear with his left leg, if you ask for a paw, that's his first offer and if you say "OTHER" then he'd give you his non-dominant paw. There were many other instances of seeing him choose to complete a task using his left paw over his right when his right would have made just as much sense. He's retired now and now his left handedness comes in handy when he gets to play with his best friend, another dog similar in size who wrastles hard with him, and that dog is right paw'd forsure.
Most lefties I meet (myself included) don’t use their left hand for everything. We tend to write with our left hands but play most sports right handed. I’ve met one truly left handed person who did EVERYTHING lefty. Everyone else has had my experience
I was born left handed but at my catholic pre K they told me it was the devils hand and I was forced to use my right. I’m faster with my right but more legible with my left
Some latin and still used in heraldry. dexter means right, sinister is left. a sinister person is left handed. I often say I more sinister than dexterous
My feline lil buddy drinks water using his paw, and always his left paw.
So do we send all the left handed people away or...?
What was the main reason we are Right Handed? Seemed like he talked about alot of variables but what was #1 ?
Speech and recognition of speech is left brain, and we are unique because of our ability to communicate and have evolved to a point of categorizing intelligence.
Mohmd Nabi laughing on the corner 😂
I’m ambidextrous, so this is quite interesting to watch.
I’m left handed myself. No teacher in school could teach me how to knit with left hand 😂
My parents told me, in soviet times, in school no one were allowed to write and other things with left hand. They were  hit by linear then.
I do everything lefthanded except writing. I play all sports lefty. Even used my left foot when playing kickball... BUT WHY THO😂😂
I’d give my right arm be ambidextrous
I thought the graphite on the hand was normal 😂
whats weird for me is i write with my left hand but open doors with right, throw a football with the right hand, shoot a basketball with my right hand, but when i hold things like pencils and forks with my left.
The vast majority of the examples of right-handedness and need for that are using male human beings.This is absolutely pathetic; women use both arms for hug holding babies, but the left arm when picking berries or stirring a pot, so why wouldn't women's right arm favoritism be more or equally important compared with tool or hide manipulation?
Darts 🤣🤣🤣
My dog is right handed — favors his front right paw for opening doors, grabbing errant kibble from underneath/near things, and also communication. So yes, dogs can favor a particular side.
My pop was a lefty and so am I but they don’t make lefty pianos so I also play drums and guitar right handed but I couldn’t feed myself or write with my right. Worlds not made for us. I have snuck some punches and won. Dont hit people.
When you were still very young, you can either use or right or left hand  but growing up being right handed means that you were trained by your parents the right way to write and to hold the spoon.
i am totally ambidextrous,in school i was learning to write  and would use both hands the teachers tried to make me write only right handed so makes me wonder how many repressed lefties are out there
Video starts at 5:35
Because Teachers take a left handed person and force them to be right handed. Since they only had two left handed scissors in the classroom and only the girls got them. True story.
I was born left handed but was forced to write right handed in school. This worked out well for me because I can use either hand for anything. As a policeman and in the military I could shoot expert with either hand and the one oddity I had was preferring left hand for writing on paper and right hand on the chalkboard when teaching.
Our dogs have all been distinctly right pawed for tasks: pushing or drawing back items or food. Except one who definitely prefers her left paw.
I am left handed!
Ever since I joined the radiology world, it's been the most I've ever met left handed people. I remember reading somewhere that left handed people are smarter... 🤷‍♀️ I fully believe it.
I had tendonitis really bad for a couple years in my right wrist. So i do some things left handed now.
Being a south paw is just better😊
It is just how you are shown how to do something. I taught my son and daughter to play ice hockey and baseball both left and right handed. As little kids they picked it up with ease.
Fun fact: Rafael Nadal one of , if not the greatest tennis players ever , is right right handed in every day life , but plays with left hand to gain advantage.
Handedness is not genetic. Nadal plays tennis leftie but does everything else rightie. He's not the only top tennis player to do this.
The assertion that left handedness confers an advantage only while it is rare, so it remains rare must be an evolutionary fallacy. Think about the left handed individuals who have an advantage who then reproduce more. Equilibrium will be restored between righties and lefties. The lefties will not suddenly suffer a disadvantage against righties to make them die out and return to the optimum level!
I can both hands relatively well, but I lean to the right. I have a number of theories why
I just figured there was more righties because there was more scissors in school.....
Lol kangaroos are predominantly lefties. They must have been frustrated in grade school waiting to use those 2 pair of scissors.
I feel privileged to be a lefty
Cockatoos are left handed.
“It turns out hominids have been basically using their teeth as a third hand for quite a while.” Busted.
I was ambidextrous in grade school. The nuns took care of that. 😂
Left-handed people are a minority in a right-handed world.
Female cats are mostly right handed, males mostly use their left! Weird, huh?
My husband is ambidextrous, wears his watch on the opposite wrist, writes left handed, paints and makes models with his left, but at work he uses his mechanical engineering tools in his right hand, tennis and golf right handed. He went to a catholic academy in the 60s and the nuns used to hit him with a cane or ruler on his left hand when writing as they said only the spawn of the devil uses his left hand. Blooming crazy.  So now he can write legibly with both hands but prefers his left, where he finds using tools in his left hand is slightly more awkward.
I’m left handed and so is my oldest brother
I think DEI regulations should include handedness. Next to whiteness, asianess, straighness (in every way), competiveness, industriousness please include righthandedness.
LEFTIES HAVE RIGHTS! 😊
First time hearing more males than females with left-handedness, always told the opposite
I write & eat with my left hand but do everything else with my right.
Most of the women in my wife’s immediate family, including herself, are left handed.
Talking and talking and saying nothing go to the point before getting deleted
Parrots are left handed.
My father learned to fire a rifle left handed because his left eye was injured as a child, and he could not wink it. He got a marksmanship medal in WW2 basic training, but was sent to the signal corp and avoided combat becaause he could type 75 words per minute, promoted to staff sarg in less than 2 years. A very fortunate injury❤
You spend too much time explaining that most people have a dominant hand.  We already know this.  You go on and on and on and on, but I want to  know why most of us are right-handed.  At some point, I have to skip forward and in the end, I never got the explanation why most are right-handed.    I am not sure why you do this.  It seems that many videos are like this, going on and on and on stating the trivial facts that we already know.  I guess the longer we watch, the more money the video makers make.
Are lefties Alphas?!
We are righthanded because heart is on left side. Building up more muscle and compression on the left side does not interfere with the heart as much. Lefthandedness is to give advantage in violent confrontation. Hence the small proportion.
This is a great comment section ❤
4:02 funny how exactly as he said that I was opening a soap container with my teeth
So eight and a half minutes later I found out that we still don't exactly know why we are mostly right handed 🤔
What am i ?  I write with my left hand, throw with my left hand, but can't use a knife with the left hand. I punch with my left hand but i kick football with the right foot.  I eat with the left but i lift the  coffee cup with the right.  What am i?
“Id give my right arm to be ambidextrous”😂
I'm wondering if any right-hand vs. left-hand studies take into consideration every single activity that a lefty does and the hand they use for those. I'm a lefty, and I do use my left hand to write, hold the fork while I eat, and brush my teeth. If I need to clean the house, I'll wipe furniture with it too. However, to wipe myself in the bathroom, I use my right hand. Same to bounce the ball when I play basketball or hold the upper part of a broom when I sweep the floor. If I'm walking my dog, I hold the leash with either hand and use my phone with either hand that is available. I'll change a light bulb with my right hand, hold cups with either, but if it's a mug or anything with a handle, I'll use my left hand. To lock or unlock the door, I'll use my right hand. Therefore, I wouldn't affirm that left-handed people manipulate every tool with their left hand. I don't know about right-handed ones.
Actually it is not dominant hand rather it is dominant side. Even your legs shows similar effect. I can give various examples but i don't have time for that.
I don't belive in darwinism.  If you descended from a monkey, that's your business. 🤪
Is lefty genetic?
Our teeth were our first hand, as in dogs, not third.
Left handed master race
Split from chimpanzees?????  You mean split from apes????
Humans didn't split off from chimpanzees but from some other common ancestor.
This video repeats itself SO MUCH.  Edit: Exactly 10 minutes long..... Shocker.
I started out doing everything left-handed  my parents say somehow my teenager years I started turning right-handed. I think about it that's kind of an embarrassing age to go right handed!
It’s because we all descended from elite tennis players
That is not how you hold a knife.
I'm neither.... Due to society I use my left hand primarily, but
Rats have a strong paw preference too
I just learned  that 1.8 million year old neanderthals have better teeth today than I have today,and I'm only 63.
To state the obvious, most internal organs (Liver, heart, gut) are not symetrical, being able to protect one side better may have an advantage, or it may be better blood supply or nerve supply to one side makes gives a bias to that side. As a guess the degree of danger to asymetric organs when hunting or being hunted, may select for "handedness", and is less of an issue for say chimps.
I would say it started with the first tool man recognized which they had with them wherever they went 🤔
"There's no right way to be human" that was an awesome line!
Pure Bull Service
I write left handed and throw right handed. I tend to do more dexterous things with my left and when I need more power than precision I use my right. I play golf and like to swing right handed and putt left handed (mostly). I've always felt fortunate to be able to use both hands quite well. The interesting thing is that my left leg is quite average in opposite side coordination while I almost exclusively use my right leg.
I’m a lefty and the day I had surgery on my right hand I became a righty.     Only to get out of school work.
I vaguely remember being a righty as a kid but then my left handed grandma taught me how to write. She always guided my left hand instead of right.
I started out completely ambidextrous, either hand could perform any task with equal facility. As I've aged my hands have specialized where most strength based actions are with my right hand, and fine motor skill actions are with the left. I would be interested to have my brain scanned and see what parts light up during different actions.
The grain in trees all start out with a left-hand twist, then early in the tree's life, about 90% will transition to having a right hand twist.  The existing parts of the tree do not change, but newer growth first straightens out, then assumes a right-handed twist.
Even the functional organic molecules are right handed vs left
Both my sisters are left handed, while my brother and I are right handed.
Confirmation bias achieved.
The champanzees splited from you.. matter of fact we dont see.. chimps turning himas..but every day we see himans turning into chimps 😅
As opposed to wrong-handed?
I spent time in a culture where left-handedness is considered unclean. Eating with others coerced righties, while lefties naturally had problems fitting in. My stubborn and stiff shoulder disposition broke the rules, most often scorned because no one said eating with chopsticks was evil. I carried my chopsticks wherever I went, with my lefty manners, without fear. Lefty Chopstick mantra,  this cowboy and proud I am.
Bull-crap, it is why right-handers are dumb and lefties are all geniuses; I am a leftie and darn proud. Yeah, I became ambidextrous in prep school from nuns beating the heck out of me to write with my right hand. After my tortuous trip, I switched off the right-handed stuff, and dive back. to my lefty ways. Heck, I love living in a left leaning world.
3:14 not mentioning the fiddler crab, for sure...
Interesting theory
Why do the British have no problem changing gears with their left hands?
The combat advantage is more complicated. Most of the greatest fighters have been right handed southpaws. That is right handed fighters who fight like lefties
Im left handed but right handed when doing one thing
I shoot right, yet play the guitar left.
So in short we have no clue
I’m cross hand dominant. I’m mostly right handed, right eye dominant. Play guitar right handed throw a baseball right handed. But I naturally write, eat and hold a wrench with my left hand. I can’t write with my right hand to save my life.
When these fine motor skills were taught or copied they probably used the same hand. Thus the dominance of one over the other.
This video is so stupid its almost funny.
I am left handed. We are special😸
Apparently i am lefty but write with right hand.
W@nking
Hubby was a lefty, but went to Catholic school in the 60’s and had his hand tied to the chair. Now he does everything right handed, but his brain is still working as a lefty would. 😊
Could the righthandiness be connected with the location of  heart on left side of human body?
Just as a small observation, my cats prefer to use their right paw instead of their left...
I'm right-handed with my hands and left-footed my right leg can't kick or dribble for crap...
As a left-handed person, I typically learn either by copying in mirror image, or by copying exactly and then transposing later.  But to teach, I find that I must physically reverse everything for most people.    I spent about 12 years learning how to use hand-to-hand weapons of the middle ages.  In tournament bouts--especially with sword and shield--many opponents did not even clue in to my left-handedness until they had already lost the bout.  Even when they did notice or entered the bout knowing this about me, the lines were all wrong for them and generally difficult.  On the flip side, 99.9999% of my match ups were essentially identical in this regard.  Where left-handedness is a detriment is in the trades.  Anything that rotates--like a drill--wants to rip itself out of your hand when it encounters too much resistance (the screw bottoms out, the bit seizes, etc.).  Not fun when you're at the top of a ladder using a hammer drill overhead.
Throw and punch with my right, but write with my left lol
Left handed people have been forced into right handed habits and muscle formation.
Interesting. But in my case, i'm right handed because i forced to be one...well, more like ambidextrous. I was left handed, but in our religion is inherently bad/one of evil followers to be a left handed....😂
by j off
My ex-wife’s grandmother, who lived to 101, told us she was born left-handed but Catholic School nuns literally tied her left hand behind her back until she became right-handed. 😮
croatia here
i would guess activities of the infant and toddler and young  child are a factor as well as guidance gone willfully neglected in the lefty but i want to know the brain differences
What was the reason?
Whenever the subject of handedness comes up, I bring up card tricks.  One of the "secrets" is that you train all of the flashy stuff in you non-dominant hand, so the very technical hidden stuff can be done deftly with your dominant hand.  As a result, after a while you're non-dominant hand can just *do things* your dominant hand can't do.  And trying to do those things feels like writing with your off hand.  The feeling this gives me is that there's a lot of *learned* behavior in handedness.  Which makes me think that cultures that write from right to left would have more left handed individuals, as a matter of learned convenience.  Same as baseball players or boxers over-representing left-handedness.  Nope.  It's about 10% everywhere.  Which heavily indicates a genetic component over a cultural one.  Basically, in the nature vs nurture debate, I think handedness might be the single most compelling example of "It's a bit of both, mixed with statistics in both cases."
My dad was right handed, but due to a car crash, he still has his right hand, but it's next to useless. He has been forced to become left handed.
And finally all the people who the nuns made them write with their right hand in Catholic school are vindicated.
I'm left handed  I heard that left handers live  4yrs shorter than right handers
you never actually said HOW humans became mostly right handed.  what's the mechanism?    thumbs down, you never answered your own title
I have a family member whos like that he wrote with his lefthand but in everything else his right hand is dominant…strange
I'll miss PBS - but they have become so politicised that valuable articles like this are too fewer and farther between.   Their other departments, like "NEWS" are letting them down.
So, left hand use is a case study for "frequency dependent selection". Very interesting!
I'm a lefty but shoot basketball with my right hand
Not only can you see one arm dominance in athletes, but you see it in all men as well
I use my left hand for writing and anything that requires delecate precision, but when it comes to throwing a ball or anything requiring force I'm more comfortable using my right hand/arm
Would also be interesting to investigate why we sometimes lateralize a specialization. For example, i'm right handed.. but for some reason, I always drink using my left hand (to hold either a glass or a 2kg heavy bottle). Yet i hold my fork with the right hand to eat, unless i need to cut, then i use the knife with my right hand and the fork with the left one.  When throwing frisbee, i noticed i have more strength in the right arm (duh), but better aiming with the left (uh?).  We are full of oddities
I got a double whammy, I am left handed and a ginger!  Lol
I'm left handed
I don’t believe we came from chimps.  If so why do chimps still exist?
Its much more more simple that all this... Most animals dont need fine motor skills to survive (at least not anywhere close to the level humans do). Because almost all fine motor skills take a long time to train, AND the brain controls the body with different sides of the brain (meaning you would need to learn each skill twice to be truly ambidextrous) it is simply better for humans to be handed. Now why right handed? Its one of 2 reasons. 1) that is just how people passed down knowledge, or 2) we diverged to have the left side of the brain handle "more" fine motar skills, and the right side handle more gross motor skills (im sure a neuro scientist can help me with that). and it could be a combo of both...
Cats ans dogs are too... How strange...
Save 10 min of your life :  Right handed majority seems due to a specific brain area linked with the use of tools. This area is located on the left side of the brain (which control the right side of the body). So, as our ancestors started to use tools, they became more right handed.  (just a theory)
We just discovered that shields are a far older invention than we tough. The heart is on the left and has to be protected.
As a lefty I feel so alone
Do lefties start off with right foot?  Maybe the start was bipedalism, and it was the right rear foot dominance?  Is it a monkey thing too?  Maybe because the tendency for the right rear foot was how 4 legged mammals were genetically wired. Or better yet, in our ancestors with swimming tails, the tails were the dominant structure, and evolved into the right rear hoof?
I drive with my left hand 😅
What does this mean for us left handed people
That’s thing with lefty’s and accomplishing tasks.  They never do it right.
Guess I never got the memo
I am so right handed, I can't even throw a baseball left handed, but for whatever reason, I drive substantially better, and prefer, using my left hand.
i love this so much
Left hand , DEAD SHOT also unorthodox broadsword skills
We did not come from monkeys could you all please stop with that
I’m a righty but I drive with my left hand. I wonder what’s up with that?
The devil could only get about 10% of us. Next question.
Theres only one thing i use my left hand for
99% of people have a dominant hand, yet we can only say that 70 - 90% of them are right handed?  That math doesn’t make much sense.
Oh, brother...more cartoons about the mathematically and statistical impossible theory of evolution. Doesn't anyone math - check this theory? It's impossible to occur based on math alone...
It’s interesting it’s a lot more than just handedness, people typically prefer their right leg as well to kick things, like when playing kickball, kicking with your non dominant leg is a speed run to embarrassment lmao. I wonder if this manifests in any other areas or senses
The root word for sinister comes from the Latin word sinistra, meaning left handed.
Not me! Lefty all the way, all though ironically in sports I'm oddly mixed, if I have to swing something (bat, club etc) i do it right handed, if it requires throwing i throw left handed. Basketball dribble right handed most comfortably, shoot left handed 😅
I’m left handed, but I learned all sports with my right hand. I didn’t even realize I was doing it. I think I just mimicked other kids when I was little.
😮😮I (70f) grew up in the dark ages. Nuns would hit my little left hand with a ruler when I picked up a pencil/crayon.  I am still left handed, but not Catholic.
I got a scholarship at my CC for being left handed lol.
Excellent work ignoring the statistical inaccuracies inherent in measuring only tiny nonmixed portions of the population. I applaud your continued decline into sensationalism and away from science 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Thanks... I have always wondered why I am neither left or right handled. I'm not alone :-) Now become an left handed MMA fighter at age 59
I was left handed when i was a toddler. But during kindergarten the school nun would scold us that were left handed and make us use our right hand
While I am mostly right-handed, I always hold the sock, subway napkin, empty doritos bag or lightly used paper towel in my left.
Most people use both leg to kick
Left hander here....... We will dominate!😂😮
everyone in my family and my wife's family are right handed, including my oldest son. however, my girl is a sinister, the only one in the family that we know of to be a lefty lol
Few things in Biology are simple. And it’s sad that some (not all) people of faith blend facts and feelings in a measure that hurts others only to soothe their personal doubt
In little league my dad talked me into switch hitting to confuse the pitcher. Seems like he was on to something now
They? You mean he right?
It's simple. The right side of the brain controls the left side of the body the right side of the brain is the imagination side of the brain... it deals in things that are not real.  The left side of the brain controls the right side of the body the left side of the brain is the fact based side of the brain that deals with reality... it deals with things that are real.  Therefore, since survival depends on understanding reality the left side of the brain is focused on things and facts and is therefore, use of the left side of the brain results in success and survival and the favor of the right side of the brain results in failure.  There are studies performed on individuals who have had half of their brains removed either the left or right side and when their hands are isolated the left side of the brain causes the hand to reach for things that exist and the right side of the brain causes the hand to search for things that are imaginary.   ...look it up.
I am a leftie but have a dominant right eye leading to me to shoot both bow and rifle right handed. I can write, paint and use hand tools in either hand, a definite advantage in tight corners where you can only get one hand to a task.
How do you know that it comes before the brain area that control the tools and as consequence the “right handness” of the population? And not viceversa?
It's cuz the left handed people are all devil servants! Haha
It's always been because of our brains. As our brains developed thru generations of time, our brains cognitive and creative side allowed for more fine dexterity work with fingers and hands. It was probably a slow process, that over time, those who used that advantage were rewarded with better quality fine workmanship, of say tools or weapons, and abilities of marksmanship in throwing a spear, etc. Since logic controls our left side of our brain, and we use logic throughout the day, it was more natural for our brains to pick up more and more fine motor skills in our right hand, and probably foot as well.
I remember reading somewhere that some right handed people can easily switch to left with some training, but not Vice versa.  They looked at people who can drive in the US system and the English system and right handed people had significant advantage of cross dexterity. Basically Right handed people have silent left handed mess which can be programmed to emerge. However it said, Left handedness seem to be more neurological related and people with dominant left hand have more memory, artistic abilities etc.. Fascinating stuff
I’d give my right hand to be ambidextrous
If we remove the long introduction, repeated line, and unnecessary irrelevant information, we'd end up with a 2 minutes video MAX! This video should've been an email.
This didn't answer the question.
My dad was left handed. He taught me how to do somethings left handed on most things. Some things im right handed. But kick or punt a ball left footed.
I thought about this alot recently as though I've always been right handed, I learned to do everything with either hand as i got really busy.  Its surprising how easy it is to "develop " coordination in your left hand. I came to the conclusion it was easier to build tools to work with one hand than to build tools that work with both hands....from birth we get used to using our right as everything is built for right handers and watching our parents and everyone using their right, doing as we see is pretty natural..it is interesting to hear about the different parts of the brain being tied to different hands and different things we do though..
Literally cutting up a carrot with my right hand as we speak! 🥕🤣
I'm right handed for most of things I do, except my PC  mouse that I use mostly with my left hand, but  I can say I'm on a spectrum of ambidextrousity for many tasks, like I can do precise cutting, paint walls and hammer nails with my left hand when the "angle" is better. I can screw, sand, use a knife and do many other things with my left hand, but I prefer my right hand for everything except the mouse on my PC. The reason I'm mostly left handed on my PC is funny. I had an operation to the right elbow and for a month and a half using my right hand on PC was not indicated. But I was learning photoshop at the moment, so I had to go all the way with the left hand at that time, and now for precise pointing on PC I prefer left hand... u_u
Historically, only right handed would have survived fights by defending heart and stomach with left hand.
I throw a ball with my left hand , but can use right to bowl, shot, hammer and such bat either way . but did get hit every Bay at catholic school when trying to use left hand to write , also shooting in army all weapons for right handed people , I am very confused.....
Very simple explanation for this and supported by MRI scans and studies done to patients who had epilepsy leading to strokes in the 50's and 60's. The left side of your brain controls the logic center and the right side the creative center of reasoning. Basically, the left side of your brain who is the best at drawing controls your right hand directly and thus everyone is right handed unless you train yourself to not use your right brain for left sided activity. MRI scans show when people draw with the left hand and right hand the left side of the brain shows all the activity. Anyone who has a storke destroying there left lobe with have to learn the right side of the brain to draw and it's toddler level ability at best.
I was born left handed (I'm 63) northern ont nuns at catholic school said writing with left hand is the devils writing and would wrack my left hand with a yard stick to write with my right hand. i'm ambidextrous today. Can do anything with either hand. writing, sports, hammering nails, painting. they where the evil ones.
Nice video but it doesn't do justice to the title How Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed Should have talked more on it.  My thought is that : since left hand is closer to heart doing more task with left hand  would be more difficult than right , that why people are more right handed. and kangaroos' heart is in the middle may be. I am not an expert just thinking logic.
I'm a mixed handed one, depends what task or sport I'm doing, I write right handed, I eat left handed but only when using an knife and fork, if I use just a fork or spoon I'm right handed, I'm completely left footed as well.
I love hearing that there are so little of us bc we are OP
Medieval castles also spiralled the staircases to favour right handed defenders. The right handed swordsman couldn’t swing as his sword arm was blocked by the spine of the stairs
I’ve always wondered why when playing guitar or other string instruments your left hand does at lot more fine work
Your reasons are weak and lame pbs
Lefties survived to more easily shift manual transmissions in Europe.
Both of my parents are right handed.  They had three children,, and we are all left-handed.
The advantage mentioned in boxing is evident also in baseball.  When a lefthanded pitches to a right handed, it will be more difficult for the batter to guess the type of pitch he will receive.
IS IT TOO MUCH ASKING THAT IN ANOTHER CONFERENCE, YOU SPEAK SLOWER THAN  A RUNAWAY HORSE?????
Is there a video like this on why there are ambidextrous people? I've always been ambidextrous, but even so, there are certain things where one hand dominates over the other.
The notion that there's a particular "gene" for handedness is ridiculous.  A "gene" is merely a DNA sequence that encodes an RNA sequence, which may encode a protein species.
he said it once, "it's much deeper that what hand you use" if you know...well, you know
Both my sons are stud pitchers for their age being trained by an expro. My 11yo is  5ft 100 pounds with military discipline. He does a set of 90 push ups/situps/squats/lunges every day. He throws a sinker at 64mph. His little brother just turned 10, is 4,7" 88 pounds, does the same exercises but at 45 a set and yet throws a 4 seam at 61mph. As a lefty he is use to being different and is considered elite. His height, strength, have nothing on his hip speed. He draws far more force by have much higher dexterity. Being that lefties have to learn everything backwards they are far more at one with their bodies.  They both play up with 13u, but my lefty was nicknamed the badger. He has hurt much larger kids with how he knocks into them. They pivot the wronge way.
HOW are they right handed???????????????
parents that tried to correct their kids from using their left arms didnt deserve the ability to have or raise kids.  being left handede or right handed isnt EVOLUTION. being left or right handed is a chance for every kid. theres nothing wrong with left handed people and people in history who feared left handed people didnt deserve and dont deserve existence. peoples opinions dont make things matter
I’m left handed watching right handed video 😂
Im not going to say with 100% confidence that im ambidextrous, but im definitely close
I'm left handed, but because so many things are made for righties I've learned how to use right handed things with my left hand, like scissors and can openers. I think just about the only thing I do fully with my right hand is use my computer mouse, since having a left handed mouse would just be a pain for gaming.
So, what’s the reason?
@4:28 you got the direction wrong, also earlier you said no other mammal has a hand preference yet at @6:10 you say kangaroos have a left hand preference, kangaroos are ALSO mammals
Playing guitar taught me my right hand is only better because i use it so much, give me a left handed guitar and imma need to relearn it all over again
Why would a video on a subject only slightly interesting be a full 10 minutes long?? 😴
I love being left handed
I think that they realised that throwing sticks and stones with the left hand seemed way too effeminate 😂
After watching this vid, I still feel like I dont have the answer posed by the title of the video lol
It was from watching too much porn😅😅
I don’t know if y’all have noticed but animals seem to be right or left handed too. My dog is right handed. If he is going to use his paw to tap me and get my attention it’s his right, and if you ask for a paw he will give you his right. I wonder what that means that other species seem to be right handed too
I am left handed, my dad was also left handed
I was born left handed but my grandpa said that writing with my left hand was bad luck so he made me use my right hand
where my left handed gang at?
I can use BOTH my hands, but honestly, I am right handed as I draw, write & throw with my right hand, but I can do many things with my left hand, like using a knife to cut with my left hand, and using hand tools with my left hand, and other things.
My case is weird because I write with right hand but can do other works with both hands with almost similar proficiency like throwing a ball, cutting vegetables etc.
Another possibility is it’s just a random genetic fluke that found it’s way into the gene pool like the invasive Asian Carp jumping when startled phenomenon in the US.
I'm right handed because they beat me every time I used my left hand. They would make me sit on my left hand so I couldn't use it.
I used both quite a lot as a child but as I got older I favoured right.
I'm right handed in mostly everything I do, however, do use my left to adjust buckled straps like my belt and watch (though should be worn on my left). Funny enough too, I play billiards left and right handed (both feel equally comfortable).
Identical twins are mostly mirror imaged, one right and one left handed. I always thought this may be an insight into the biology of handedness.
I feel like this is a chicken-egg situation. Because, the BA44 is on the left side and it is there controlling the tool use. But if the BA44 is developed on the left side, is not it because people started to use their right hand first? Was it still there before hominins used tools? What was the area's function before using tools?
This still doesnt answer what made our ancestors prefer to go right handed? When there wasn't any handedness at some point in history in our lineage, wouldn't expect the randomness in the species in using their left/right hand? Was there any survival disadvantage of being left handed that natural selection chose right handed individuals?
I honestly wonder if the teeth marks they found were from them just scraping their teeth trying to pick food and stuff out of them. I suppose if they only had primitive tools like rocks and sticks some long term dental damage would be inevitable.
I'm not ambidextrous but I do some things right handed and some left handed. I write with my left hand, hold a fork with my left hand, shoot pool left handed but throw a baseball with my right hand. I shoot a gun right handed and am right eye dominant. The only thing I can do with either hand is swing a baseball bat, I can hit either right handed or left handed. My brother does EVERYTHING left handed.
I was born left handed... My father made me to write in my right hand when I was 3 or 4 yrs old and now I'm right handed.
Just google how many famous people including scientists, celebrities and world leaders are left handed. it's mind boggling compared to their low population.
Me a left handed watching this:
All the objects are made for right handers in the world
this presenter is legit
Us left handers are a Darwinian gift to complement you righties by adding a bit of randomness to the mix and likely saving you from pattern-recognition driven predators. All we ask for is left handed scissors.
My sister was born with hydrocephalus and it crushed one side of her brain. She started out favoring her left hand but was forced to use her right by a guardian. She's ambidextrous now though slightly developmentally delayed a bit.
My Indian upbringing made me read the title as "How Hanuman became Right-Handed" and I was like ' Whaaaat ? '
As a lefty, i can tell you i have the memory of a floppy disk. No advantage there
Is the natator an artificial voice and figure?   His cadence of speech is weird.
So where do us who have cross dominance sit? I write with my left hand, shoot with my right, am ambidextrous for a lot of things, etc
My grandmother was born left-handed. Back then, in schools, you HAD to write using your right hand. This forced her to become ambidextrous just so the school system would accept her.  Me and a lot of my family members are also left handed. Additionally, whenever someone notices I'm left handed, they ask if I'm into music or art because the right hemisphere of the brain (the one controlling my left hand) works with more creative problems.
only sheeple are right handed
How many times can you show the same stills?
Goofy foot surfers are always better.
1:29 totally lifting a Cheek to rip A$$
So why do humans have relatively extreme brain lateralization? And what part and in which hemisphere of the brain lights up when left handed people use tools? I feel like we didn't get answers to these underlying questions.
Kind of annoyed by  this video, clearly they have no idea of the cause.  A bunch of vague theories at best.  It should be renamed "Here's a list of how much we don't know about this topic".
Im pretty sure Neanderthals were smart enough to suspend hides between two poles and scrape them that way, pretty sure that's how all of our ancestors did it. This tooth scratch theory is really reaching.    We're largely right handed because our right side processes spatial awareness while out leftside calculates the forces needed to affect said space, thus we are mostly right handed.  You'll notice lefties are rather clumsy compared to everyone else, but are almost always excellent mathematicians.
String instrument players have to use both hands. The left for fingering and the right for bowing.  I am very right sided normally.. But it never felt odd to use my left to play.   Of course all instrumentalists have to use both hands too.
It would be much more easy to write arabic in left hand. But sadly they will force everyone to write in right
I'm left-handed and writing card with runny ink sucks balls lmao but it's really weird I can use both for most things like shooting and throwing, the mystery behind left-handedness amazes me
Horses are thought of as left or right handed, determined by which way they bend more easily. About 99% of horses bend to the left more easily. They go around an arena or racetrack more easily counter clockwise. Because they find it easier to bring their left hind leg up under them (called carrying themselves as opposed to pushing with that leg). This is important in dressage/eventing. Get the horse to bend its stiff side and it will soften and bend its poll and jaw and seek the bit as it should. First thing you do is figure out which side needs to bend. You bend muscles the relaxes the mind, too. So left or right handed. Sort of.
I do many things as lefty and many as righty… although my left hand is the one that provides power & right hand provides the stability.
I broke all but my thumb in my right hand when I was about 7-8 and it forced me to become ambidextrous. I still use both to this day
Humans did not "split from the chimpanzees". We have a common ancestor. When you make mistakes like this you're not worth watching.
I am left handed. Or rather I was taught I am left eye dominant. Throughout my childhood I had to take a right handed object, figure out how to use it with my left hand. This constant problem solving may have additional advantages.  I am a retired computer scientist. I found that computer designers are far more likely to be left handed. In the area of computer graphics, the majority of people are left handed. In 3D graphics, I was on teams where 95% of team members are left handed. Indeed, 3D computer coordinates are left handed.
Waffle, waffle, waffle. You could have answered the question in the first 20 seconds without repeating yourself and going off on a tangent. Blocked.
Im curuious about the dominant leg as well, I'm right handed but I'm left leggeg (used to play soccer). don't know if there is a relation with hands or the same process as how we use our hands in general
Isn't this assuming the way they used the tool?  Maybe they pushed instead of pulled the tool?
"After the split from the chimpanzees"? What utter nonsense. Chimps, gorillas, etc, are parallel evolutionary branches, not our ancestors.
The evolutionary advantage is the ball moves all over the place..
I always forget how rare it is these days to see a lefty until people point out that I’m left handed. It’s like they’ve never seen one of us before 😂
As lefthanded i need to know this😂
Chimpanzees don’t just magically turn into humans…never have and never will
How to spell "no idea" in 10 minutes.
I'm left handed 👍🏻😎
I can get used to using either hand. Just need some time. I write right and use a mouse and type on phone left. My right is stronger (in gym) and play sports right.
So how did most of us come to be right handed? The question was not even touched upon by this man. Pretty disapointing as it is the title of the video.
Yeah, the sports part is true. I play Badminton and I got trained to play the ball to the backhand of my opponent. This is because the backhand is significantly less powerful than the forehand. Thats why most of my shuttels fly towards the left of the court. It takes some time to readjust if you play against a leftie, because you will automatically play towards their forhand…😂
I'm right handed but there are some things I can only do with my left hand (despite being actions you normally do with your dominant), like cutting w a knife or using a lighter
When i throwing something, i use my left hand since that's where i felt i can throw it properly. But when i throw punches or using tennis racket i use my right hand because of the same reason.
I love that you guys not only explain the 'what', but you also explain how we know these things. I have lofty hopes that people who are less cognitively inclined can understand these things better rather than grasping onto conspiracies that require mental gymnastics to fit a narrative for things they don't understand
Strange fact: Your dominant hand is always more moisturized than the other. Reason? Nobody knows.
I broke my right arm when I was 15 so now I’m ambidexterous, but only on the toilet😬🤦‍♂️
Look at this strange, godless, motherless, AI bot human, explain life.
7:23 Darts relay on eye dominance. It’s the same as in archery. It can or cannot be same as your hand dominance. I’m right handed, right footed, right eared but left eyed dominant. I discovered whe I started archery and have to either use a path on my left eye and use a right bow (with deepens sense decrease) or use a left bow, which I did
I love how confident some of these guys are about us and chimpanzees, even without a direct link.  Silly humans
He doesn't really answer the video title
"70-95%, to be exact" lol not to be a pedantic clown, but a 25% margin of error isn't what I would call "exact" or precise, necessarily 😂
I write right handed, throw right handed, kick left footed, bat lefty, golf left handed. No idea why
8:32 fin.
My bone is thicker from using it a lot too 🍆 like he said, my third hand a work.
I’ve always wondered how related it was to language due to lateralization.
I am one of those freaks of weirdo nature that is ambidextrous with my hands!~
I have a strong right-handed preference mentally, but I've trained myself to use my left hand and be comfortable with it since I was a teenager.
The fact that humans being right was discovered from hitting themselves kinda show of naturally violent we are.... which is kinda cool....
So you just don't know !!!
I thought it was cuz left handed people got killed off back in the day
Having to shoot guns quite abit, i shoot pistol right handed, rifle left handed. But thats due to my eye cross eyed dominant. So im right handed, but my dominant eye is the left one. Naturally i find it easier to aim down a rifle with my left eye rather than my right.
Did he explain anywhere why humans are mostly right handed?
Allah told us what hands to use to eat with and to wipe with. Yall from monkeys not me. 😅
What a cool analysis of "handedness."
When I was a kid I used to write with my left hand, but my parents will always beat me when I was writing with my left hand, so now I can write with both hands, so am I right handed or left handed.
I’m left handed but I’ve adapted and have hit home runs and knocked people out right handed. True story.
I write left handed but everything else I’m pretty much ambidextrous
Individual Tigers usually prefer a claw or a paw, same as orangutans. It's always been fascinating to me, why right? And not left?
But most of the people forcefully use left hand and they think it's cool and different..... Someone thinks it's a symbol of brilliance.....😅
Only left handers clicked this video.. with their left hand.
Mixed handed and feet 🥲🤘🏻
Finding scratches on teeth and coming to the conclusion that they we scraping hair off the hide is a bit bold in my view.
I'm left handed
Because they named it 'Right'
I  literally went straight to the settings to check if the playback speed was normal 😅 Great context though, thanks 😌
I'm right handed but taught myself to use my left hand more.
say you write left handed, use tools and what not left handed but you throw better beeter, are stonger, and rely one your right side for more physical stuff- does that make you ambidextrious?
There's no way this video is only 10 minutes long it felt like an hour
From my experience volunteering at a rescue, parrots are usually left-footed. They grab and manipulate things much like a hand, and they do tend to prefer one foot over the other (more often their left foot).  Just thought I'd mention it, they too are bipedal like us and the kangaroo and since they're birds, they have a completely different evolutionary history, yet they also prefer one side over the other. It definitely suggests bipedalism has something to do with it.
And that’s why I always remember to switch hands once in a while…. 😅
But what does it mean if my son is left handed for writing, but yet he bats, shoots, & throws right handed?! (And he is kind of uncoordinated even though they said being left handed should means you're more coordinated) lol
Actually because they used left hand for XSIT. And did everything else with right hand.
He wasting an onion
Explain to me why I am right hand dominant in all things expect basketball, hockey, golf, and batting in baseball… I’ve always attributed it to having started playing guitar at a young age which requires coordination of both hands, but maybe there’s another reason.
My grandmother was left-handed until the nuns at her catholic school smacked her knuckles with a ruler enough times to “retrain” her. Insane.
I coach gymnastics and have come to learn that just like people have a dominant hand, they often have a dominant foot too. With varying degrees of ambidexterity popping up. It’s not uncommon to meet a gymnast who is right handed and left footed and visa versa.
Ambidextrous for the win!  I'm kidding it probably means we have a disadvantage of fighting and are probably less creative or something 😅
Simple, just because it's on the ✓ side
Could it be passed down through epigenetic development, if the original tool users chose to use their right hand on a whim it’s assumable that those mimicking that tool use would follow along and that development could be passed down socially and slow epigenetic development could take dominance?
We are all left handed and call it right, what difference it makes!
Giant ant eater laughing at the corner
" THERE'S NO RIGHT WAY TO BE HUMAN  "
Too much talking
Humans became right handed because they have to shield their heart using shield in left hand during fights
I AM GETTINIG BANGED
I play sports left handed and write with my right hand.
I am writing this message with my left hand to develop symmetry
I'm African. I have no Neanderthal
I am one of the few left handed .-)
"99% people have a dominant hand."  I want to know about the other 1%.
What about crabs? Don’t they have a dominant hand/claw?
I am left handed only for writing and eating
I am 'Left-Handed', well for Writing at least.
Still have a hard time believing 3:48 being from tools. Heard this befpre elsewhere, juat doesnt seem like theyd be knocking themselves in the teeth dozena of times....especially when our teeth back then probably were a major cause of unalive at an early age.  Probs bone marks, or something else! Guess again please lol
Im left handed. Its usually a minor inconvenience or minor disadvantage to be LH in today’s society. When I kids were very little and first started to use utensils I noticed they would use either hand in the beginning. i would put the utensils in their right hand to hope to put them on track to be right handed. Soon they were only using their right hand. Not sure if what I did actually worked but I guess it didn’t hurt. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Playing the guitar is a weird one when it comes to handedness. The less dominant hand is doing a lot of very precise work on the fretboard. It always seemed strange that it would require so much fine detail and precision from the "less controllable" side
I’m left handed when it comes to fine motor skills . Outside that I’m completely right handed huh
Right handed or left handed are kind of oversimplifications. The vast majority of the population is right hand dominant, right arm dominant, right leg dominant, right eye dominant & counter-clockwise rotation dominant. The next most common thing is to be left hand dominant, left arm dominant, left leg dominant, left eye dominant & clockwise rotation dominant. However there is small segment of the population (including myself) that have split dominances. For example: I am right hand & right eye dominant but left arm & left leg dominant & clockwise rotation dominant.
THIS NARRATOR HAS BIG HANDS.
If you're right handed,try using your left hand more and vice versa. The point is to try to bring balance and more communication between the two hemispheres of the brain
Crabs are the best example in terms of digit preference.
I'm use both hands all the time. Even writing and working on things with electronics
70 to 95 percent to be exact?
Righty Tighty, Lefty Loose.
ok so what about ambidextrous people then?
I am a lefty, except for writing and underhand sports.  I can throw underhand lefty, just not as well.  Bowling:  Better strike ball lefty, better spare ball righty.  I was in a league as a kid and sprained my right thumb, so I was paying anyway.  My left eye was at least 20/10 into my late 30's, I wonder if that is part of the why.  Fairly ambidextrous, and we do end up in ERs a lot in our late teens/early 20's.  I lost millimeters off of my right index finger, the rest survived that period.
I was so happy when I went to school and there were desks...for lefties!
When I learned Gregg Shorthand, I was taught to write on the right side of the page, then move to the left, so as to not smear the ink from the pen. Also, I put the notebook upside down so the page coil would not interfere with the speed. I shoot right handed tough because of eye dominance.
Having lived with nearly 70 cats in my 78 years, I find that cats are either left or right handed. They have a preferred hand to dig with, to hold prey with, to clean with, to combat with. Personal preference or born genetic reason? They won't say.
Maybe talking just a bit faster would still diminish comprehension of listeners that do not have english as first language. There should be a study on that....😒
LEFT hAnD IS FOR ALISTInJA
Repetition: the show
Both my parents are left-handed, and when they divorced, each married a left-handed person.  I remember being a young child thinking that it was the law that all lefties had to marry lefties, and righties marry righties.   Coincidentally, all four children born to my parents are right-handed.
i love my right hand!
And still this doesn't explain how... My own theory is better. It comes down to being impaled by other animals tusks when we used to hunt them. If you lead with your right hand your heart is on the left and is more protected(further away from danger). If you lead with your left you have a higher chance of  heart being peirced and dying. This makes evolutionary sense too.
I always assumed that our heart is more to left so left hand tended to be in more protective stance
Watching this as left handed, i feel like superior 😂
My brothers left handed but the only thing he does left handed is write , he plays golf with right hand clubs and holds a pool cue right handed , I’m right handed but use both when decorating , my apprentice thinks I’m weird that I can cut in using both hands (not at the same time)
Please!!!!!!!!!! And you all know this to be true how?? Because someone  surmised it to be a fact?
How about thé first (habilis) men leaned/sleeped right saving you waste of Time in this video 😂
I’m left handed but use a right handed mouse
Wipe with left, shake with right - what my granddad used to say.
I knew I was special being left handed. Only thing that is a disadvantage is when I’m shopping for a left handed baseball glove🤷🏻‍♂️ not fun
lol sure mate sure
These are what are called "just-so stories", like children's stories about "how the leopard got its spots".  These are just made up ad-hoc stories to explain things, but because a 'scientist' made up the story it's taken as gospel without any thought whatsoever lol.  There's no experiment you can run about why we are right handed.  That's not science.  These are just atheistic parables.
My daughter was left handed until she fell on her rocking chair and broke her wrist at 3 years old. She then had to use her right hand instead, for the rest of her life.
Gorilla right handed, chimp left handed..... SAT moment bruhh
Southpaw 6:58
Sasha Grey
These ignorant fools are still pushing for evolution
This is hard to watch with a toothache haha
Horses are an animal that has a side preference. It also varies from horse to horse.
More likely to pierce the heart during battle
One important group is left out of this conversation-- musicians.  Most instruments incorporate equal dexterity in their mastering.  Born right handed, playing drums made me reasonably ambidextrous.  They even have a name for it--"matched grip"
I am both lefty and righty 🫡i might be more evolove
When a narrator uses "not only" and then closely says we came from chimpanzees... Its a big thumbs down... Tut...
After giving it some thought, it probably has something to do with tasks early hominids had to do in large groups together, like carrying trees for firewood or something else of that nature.
Even if you discount the Old Testament.  It still must be acknowledged that it was recorded that the Benjamites where left handed.
The science is not accurate. What determines your hand use surprisingly is mostly dependant on what your dominant leg is. If you jump off your right leg, you will most likely throw with your right hand. Not 100% but mostly. There are acceptions.
I was the best bowler in any league that I had played in from about 6th grade until the end of high school. I obviously practiced a fair bit and was naturally talented at it, but the advantage as a left handed bowler is that the left side of the lane is less used, and thus, less worn out, allowing for a smoother and more consistent throw.
The video doesn’t answer the question
I was left handed at kindergarten but all other students uses right hand so I thought there is some problem with me,so from that time I started using right hand for writing and left hand for cutting 😅
How Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed?  Answer : We don't know
What? You mean there are people out there that use their left hands for doing most things??? That's weird...and just so wrong  ;)
I don't think my skinny rist evolved(devolved) from that
am i left handed or right handed if i write using my left hand but hold a bat/racquet using my right hand?
Thank you
That’s a really nice coat
Snowboarding and playing guitar are backward for me.
.... its not about preferring left or right but a function loss left or right ... so its about information loss in the chromosomes ... thx
In high level cricket, there always seems to be a left handed batsman and bowler.  More often than the general population. I suspect it gives an advantage when forcing the bowler to alter his line and the field also. I wonder if lefties have better hand eye coordination and so can perform better at silly mid on or backward point ?
I lived in France for five years as a child in the 50's where I was initially not allowed in school because I was left handed. My father raised holy hell with the nuns to admit me, where my left hand was whipped with a switch daily.  We had to use 'plumes' to write with (pens dipped in ink wells) and they said I would spread ink across the pages when I wrote.  I survived without smears on the pages but sore knuckles from the whippings. I don't write like a contorted left hander but with my hand extended forward like a right hander.  No problem.
Tiere wie auch Menschen sind von Geburt an je zur Hälfte Rechts- und Linkshänder. Menschenbabys werden oft noch auf rechts konditioniert, weil es immer noch als "richtig" = normal gilt. Der Anteil der erkannten Linkshänder steigt stetig mit deren Akzeptanz. Die "Umschulung" der bevorzugten Seitigkeit ist eine "von außen zugefügte Behinderung" (Zitat Johanna Barbara Sattler: "Der umgeschulte Linkshänder oder Der Knoten im Gehirn").
Us Lefties, are smarter and ive learned to use my right hand and left leg about 90% strength of my left. But Martial arts will do that😉
The truth is we didn’t want the woke left controlling things.
Where the southpaws at?
fellow lefties will be glad of the demise of cheque books,  trying to write the details of spending on the stub was a right pain..
Oh yeah like half of the teens in taekwondo were left handed took me a while to stop getting beat up lolllll
i got a question for you, do we have the hand shape we have BECAUSE we started to use tools, or did we start to use tools BECAUSE of our Hand Shape?
Food for thought: i am a child and my father is teaching to hammer a nail, through observation i will think you hammer nails with the left it’s that sudden introduction of left handed behavior than forms in my child mind as the correct way to dominate a tool. There is no gene that makes you left or right handed it legit is nurturing that cause left handedness in this example.
I challenge the theory that no other animals show preference for side over the other. The only time we use our dominant hand is for tasks that require precision. Other than that we use whichever is convenient (free at the time and closely located to the object). Now which other animal uses precision tools?
I'd be interested to know if there is some correlation with  eye dominance.   Most people I know are right hand and right eye dominant.   Wondering if one leads to the other.
I'll stop watching after the first minute after the whole where are we split from chimpanzees, That's as Ludacris as a man saying he's a woman
Wow...what great information
50% of our ancestors were female. Not according to depictions - why not?
Ask Ali or Tyson about lefties. Neither had a problem with them. That argument sounds superstitious and biased towards same.
Are kangaroos reaching upwards or downwards as they use their left claw/paw?
All crap I.made my kids right handed.because I.dated a girl that was left and the way she did things sucked so 😅😅😅😅
There is absolutely 0 evidence of these “facts”
pure bullsht ..probably american made yes ? not even interested answer
Some of the most famous warriors was left handed because it threw off the enemy in battle.
As a left-hander I am royally triggered. :p
Being a lefty sucks! I struggle to do anything with my right hand. I remember trying to use a mouse for the first time when I was a kid. It was rough.
A slow-mo beach volleyball jiggle clip in a video about handedness…I see you PBS 😂.
I think another cause for a predominance of right-handedness is education. If someone teaches you to throw a spear, and they throw it with their right hand. When you copy them you will most likely throw it right hand too. When one right handed person teaches a whole tribe, the the bulk of the tribe will be right handed. My brother was left handed, and I can still remember my father trying to force him to be right handed. In violent tribal conditions, it would be likely my father might have been successful. I think we could have just as easily been predominantly left handed had tribal leaders and trainers been more often left handed.
Only an idiot thinks he came from an ape. The so called neanderthal is simply the result of inbreeding.
I'm the only left handed person in my family, including cousins, grandparents from both sides. It never made me feel different until I went to university and there were armchairs. Not a single one was left handed. Made my left arm and shoulder hurt for over a year from having to sit weird
I’m rare- no dominant hand here 🙋🏼‍♀️
there was a time when left handedness was deemed of the devil, curious how much of that contributed to the lack of lefties, & the survival being there bc most adapted
I have a condition called Congenital Mirror Movement syndrome, where my hands make the same movements involuntarily. I am also ambidextrous.
Minuto 5:19 equipo del Licey de la liga de beisbol Domininaca🇩🇴
We didn't split from the chimpanzees
I am generally left sided (writing, eating, playing football) but in many other situations I use my right arm, for example in playing volleyball, basketball, while throwing a ball or in boxing.
Can you not button your shirt? You're on PBS for Christ's Sakes.
Interesting. However, humans never split off from monkeys. Completely 2 different things.
Most of this was crap. The Gov forced fed the grade school teachers to make students write and throw right handed. Why, you ask. Simple. It is much easier if all soldiers fire a rifle with their right hand.
I was watching an informative video on the formation of presidency in America. Glad im watching this instead
Handedness runs way deeper than that. It goes right down through biology, past chemistry in the form of chirality and to some degree right into pure physics, explaing the behavior of photons.
I clicked this video because I wanted to know 'HOW?'  I think your answer was 'WE DON'T KNOW!'
The video repeats itself repeteadly. It is almost like you put an 3 min video into an paraphrasing tool.
im a lefty but when sitting at a circular dinner table, my arm would bump into my brother's right arm so i was forced/taught to use my right arm instead so now i cannot eat/write with my left  but everything else is done with my left 😂
I’m left handed left footed so I’m a odd 1
Lefty here,,, I  was told,  it was because the od English,,,,,, used thier left hand to wipe thier arse...  so,,   wouldn't touch a left
“Since no other species seems to have a hand preference” “Kangaroos appear to be predominantly left handed”
It’s literally which ever one you choose. Not that deep. Parents put the pen in your right hand.. you’re right handed. Parents put pen in your left hand.. you’re left handed.
I'm left handed. And noome mess with me. Yay
What if I write with left hand but everything else with right?
Secret from a left hander: we can smell your fear.
I’m left handed and always has been
nice
My dad was left handed, but he grew up in an era where they still made left handed children become right handed, so he became right handed, but always remained more ambidextrous that most people. He was an accountant and he could maneuver the mouse with his left hand while entering numbers on the keyboard with his right.
We carried a torch in our other hand that made us one handed really quick, then the rest unsued… lol
I think people are becoming left handed more because of smart phones
I thought it was because of the Salem witch trials that all left-handed people were genocided
My youngest is left handed and her sister keeps trying to get her to use her right, i actually like the fact that shes different
I am a righty when I write/draw; I was a gymnast for almost 13 years, and I was the only other lefty when I did any physical stuff as a gymnast
Right handed people are so basic bro
I dated two left handed girls 😏
We didn’t come from chimps
Remember when the religious thought left-handed humans were demons? Very simple-minded people who also developed simple-minded religions.
"In chimpanzee populations, about 65-70 percent are right-handed. Gorillas are about 75 percent righty. On the other hand (ahem), about 66 percent of orangutans are lefties."
I’m left handed
I don’t understand the propensity of narrators like these who deliver their message by speaking so quickly?  What’s the rush?
As a medical practitioner it is generally accepted that right handedness come from the " fight or flight response". The heart is in the left side of the body therefore the left hand is needed more to defend it. The brain then adapts to keep the left hand closer to the body and the right farther. As most actions require "eye to hand coordination" the right hand is preferred as it isn't needed to defend the heart. So we evolved to to be right handed
Speaking of tennis players Nadal is actually right handed but trained by his uncle as a leftie for an advantage
I am ambi. So, I am equally dextrous. I did grow up right handed, because I could. I made the choice when I was very young after my older brother called left-handed people weird. No 5 year old wants to be weird. It was the worst decision I have ever made. When I was 41 I rediscovered my left hand. I started writing with it and the most amazing thing happened. My whole right side of my brain started tingling, and also the back, AND my whole left arm started tingling. Plus, my I.Q. jumped up and I developed savant skills. In reality I always had them,Soooo.....that one decision kept me from accessing my real abilities.    This should help explain the importance of handedness.  Jami*
My father was left handed.  When he started school in 1929, the teacher literally tied his left hand to his desk so he would have to use his right hand.  That was apparently a common practice a hundred years ago.  Dad developed a stutter in childhood which we all believe was caused by being forced to use his right hand.  To his last day, he had terrible handwriting.   By the way, his stutter vanished while he was serving as a signalman aboard a destroyer during WWII.
… or, the Neanderthal had hard toothbrushes!
8:18 / 9:59
Change your title, remove word "How" from it since you didn't explain explained how. Not gonna watch this channel again
I’ve always admired a snooker player that’s right handed and rather then use a rest, they switch to left hand. I’m like wtf super powers.
I find it crazy that a human lived 130,000 years ago, and would have lived an entire lifetime having no idea that 130,000 years in the future someone would be watching a YouTube video on their iPhone about their teeth
As a female left handed person I am DISTRAUGHT
Not long ago i found out i am cross dominant, not ambidextrous. Meaning i prefer some tasks (like writing) with my left and other (throwing a ball) with my right. I also found out that day that it possibly means that my brain is under developed.. 🙃
Pointless.
I'm left handed and left footed. I'm cool
half of the video is not on point and a waste of time
Why do you keep accepting evolution theory as fact😂
look at this stupid stuff these atheists want you to think
In baseball we make plenty of jokes about left handed pitchers, we call them  lefties...lefties are strange, they wear their hats to the side etc etc.
This guy refers to an individual Neanderthal as "they".  Ridiculous.
The explanation for the tooth marks seems farfetched to me.
It's all about hips for me.  I'm right-handed and play many sports but I always main whichever hand is needed for my left foot to be forward such that power generation is a counter-clockwise hip rotation.  E.g. baseball: right-handed, disc golf: left handed.  (Same full lower-body and core motion, just different hand).  I think the eyes are also extremely important.  If you have far better sight in one eye than the other, you're a lot more likely to use whatever main hand that goes along with that eye (e.g. shooting a rifle).
as a dentist, that kind of "evidence" makes no sense
People still believe we came from apes? 😅
And the fact they used to correct children in school to only use their right hand. Had nothing to do with it either??? Most older like myself left handed people can tell by the curl of an older left hand person if they got corrected in school or not.
Is there a way to raise your kid both handed?
Lefties rise up 👏 👏 👏 🔥 🔥 🔥
Im left handed but this past year ive had to draw with my right hand and im becoming ambidextrous and its a lil trippy bc my right hands becoming strobger than my left 😭
My sister is left handed and she tough me to do a lot of things with my left hand so is it inherited or tough
Superstitious people thought being left handed was a bad or evil sign im sure people were killed over it like a witch hunt i was born left handed my parents made use my right i can still wright better than the average person with my left hand and my right hand writing is very heavy
I'm right handed, left footed, and left eye dominant.
“Seventy to nintey five percent, to be exact”… VERY SCIENTIFIC!! LOL
I'm not ambidextrous but I write and cut and do technical things with my left hand, but I throw and punch and generally have more power in my right arm than my left.
Does anyone know why humans have different eye colors but apes don't
Lefty Gang……..
I gotta admit that I came here for the comments but I gotta say I am disappointed.
Let me summarize this 10 min long video in a sentence.  Making tools uses left side of the brain which controls right side of your body.
Left arm shilds the heart, right arm attacks the predatori
In my family of 5 (2 parents, 3 children), we are all left-handed.
They banished or killed left handed individuals
I have changed my dominant eye from left to right. In fact for most of my life I couldn't even close my left eye to look through a scope, for example. I spent a day really focusing on doing this and eventually managed it, and now (from using a bow and a rifle, it has become automatic). When I do the test to see which eye I'm actually using, I find that its now my right eye (by holding up a finger etc). If I concentrate, I can make my left eye dominant in a matter of minutes, and then change it back to right. Its amazing what the brain can do. Unrelated to this, I eat and write with my left hand, and thats it. I've always found it easier than most to use my non-dominant side in certain sports, like kicking a football, for example.  One thing I couldn't do was draw a bow properly- just didn't have the power there.
He cut too much onion off that onion
I’m right handed but I’m left handed dominant when throwing a punch
Im right handed, but weirdly, play guitar left handed and shoot pool left handed. My father was left handed.
Woww
How exacly did they slip the stone to hit their teeth if they scraped from left to right?
Humans did NOT split from chimpanzees. The creature we split from 5-8 million years ago was neither human nor chimp.
All these comments with dominant hand stories are so fun to read
I do writing with right, usually cutting within the kitchen,l but everything else i dont have problems to do with both hands.  Alot of times i have to think wich hand iam going to use.  I can actually write with my left but never did so much so my right does it better.  So am i right handed? both? Or am i left but learned to write with right at school?
We are slowly turning into crabs 😂
Have you considered work of devil??
F*** righty.
1:29 did she stop to fart?
I have a hand orientation I don't know the name for, but always wondered. I use my right hand for fine motor skills like writing, but I use my left hand for "bigger" motor functions like holding a hockey stick or baseball bat. I know it's not ambidextrous; does anyone know what it's called?
They also didn't have tools or even the capacity to think at all.
You wouldn't know a thing about them because you didn't exist then.
I dont think you have yet splitted from the champanzies..😅.. in wich science you consider us originating from them.. not them originating from us!? You are just a cult
Lefty’s stand up
I was a baseball player so was my brother's..but I  I'm Right hand play 3d base but batting left handed.  One of my brother's use to play shortstop Right handed and play firstbase left handed..never seen that before
But I’m left handed 😂
I could have sworn my left handed ex inherited it from the devil
I'm left handed and I would hate to be right handed.  Living in a predominantly right ganded world creates a few challenges but it's fun and I prefer being one of the unique special humans who are in our right minds.
Bro actually thinks we came from chimpanzees I'm clicking off the video 💀💀
6.9 mil, nice
I was a lefty, married a righty. All 3 children are lefties 😊
I am left handed but only use it for fine motor skills like painting, writing, cutting. I use my right habd for just about everything else
What about the majority of right footed people?
Continue ❤
I only use my left hand for drinking beer so I take it with me where ever I go.
So if left-handedness is an advantage, perhaps over thousands of years 'lefty' genes will continue to increase until distribution of handedness is increasingly favouring left dominants...until the whims of fate introduce a new era – the rise of the ambidextrous; those who will overtake both left and right dominants as scions of our brood. One day, they shall come.
This guy is an idiot
Wife and I both right handed but our daughter is left handed.
This channel just gives absolutely no new information and doesn't answer the set questions...
I play left handed. Eg: batting, bowling, table tennis. But other stuffs like writing I use my right.  So not sure where I belongs here
including the dude
There could be advantages in having individuals of both handedness, for example, reaching for a fruit one side or the other of a tree ,where only one approach is available, or spearing the side of an animal - if i were to do that, as a right-hander, I'd prefer to attack the animal's left side,
I'm a righty so obviously it's easier to do tasked with my right hand but I can only do one handed pushups with my left, one handed pull ups with my left, and have better grip strength with my left arm even tho my right arm is more muscular.
When I entered the military at 18, I was immediately trained to carry an object (like a briefcase or binder) in my left hand so my right hand was empty in order for me to be able to render a salute to an officer without switching the object to the other hand.  As a lefty, this was no problem since it was the way I would typically carry something anyway.  But then I started training as a military policeman (Security Police in the Air Force to be specific).  During that training, I was told not to carry things in my "gun hand."  This became a bit of a problem since if I was armed and carrying a pistol on my left side, I would be expected to carry an object (like a flashlight) in my right hand.  Yet, I would still be required to salute a commissioned officer with my right hand.  It was a bit of a challenge, but I remember making it work.  Lol.
Left handed people were considered cursed for many years.
We never split from chimlanzees. We both share a common ancestor. This is where I stop listening.
I always switch hands sibce I was a kid. I have some kind of obsessive compulsiveness that makes me write things down with my right hand while I am playing a game. So if I do 3000 damage I will write it with my fingers in the air. However if I write on a piece of paper I will use my left hand. So I am constantly using my left and right hands to right. I do this with a lot of things so anytime I am forced to use either hands they work about the same. When I was a kid in school when we played tennis I quickly move the paddle between my left and right hands depending on where the ball was going rather than use a backhand stroke.  I was able to beat everyone despite the teacher telling me I was wrong, I never changed it. I still play tennis that way today
I remember when I was young Adults said when a baby is able to try and reach for something in front of them -whatever hand they reach with to grab it- will always be their  dominant hand. Lol Not sure,this was mid seventies.
I am overly dominant right handed  ..everything on my right I naturally favor.
Human beings were never monkeys 😂
My husband knew someone who was right-handed, but left master eyed, so when he used his air rifle, he had a crossover stock made.  Also, my husband is right-handed, but when using a catapult, he would pick it up with the right and draw with the left. He was very accurate. His mates were also right-handed, but did it opposite and thought he was left-handed.  Also, when my husband was young and had to use a 14lb sledgehammer  he would start off with the right side, then switch when fatigued. He could hit things just as accurate and hard left-handed, but when he asked anybody, to hold what he was hitting, they usually said, 'No'. .... They just couldn't understand that I could use both with equal force and accuracy.  He has been asked, numerous times, if he is left-handed when doing something physical, to which he has replied, 'Makes no difference mate, either suits me.'  For myself, I am right-handed, and I am a touch typist who has done data entry using the numeric keypad on the right. Simply for efficiency, I started using my left hand for the mouse and found it far more comfortable. I often got asked if I was left-handed.  Another observation both my husband and myself made was our dwarf hamsters. It seemed they favoured a particular pouch to store food, it first. We took one of them to the vet one day as she had managed to turn her right hand pouch inside out. They had to remove the pouch and give her antibiotics. We asked the vet if hamsters were like people with a bias to left or right, i.e. right pawed, so they used their left pouch first or visa-versa. The vet paused and said, 'You know, I've never thought about that before. That is an interesting point.' After her, 'pouchectomy', the little hamster still tried to pack a non-existent pouch.
They were forced to take 3 years of penmanship to learn to write with the other hand to conform to the standard then defiantly still use the left for everything else like me
Marriage, Right side and most of the current culture came from religion. If there was no religion, then we wouldn't be living in the current society.
A much better title would have been “current theories on why scientists think humans are mostly right handed. But they really have no idea”
Both my sister and myself were both lefties until we went to a Catholic school
I write with my left, would thread a needle with my right, same with cutting, but I also have a domaine left hand playing the piano
"men are more left handed than women" ? Eh? Not where I live! Woman are MUCH more left handed than men here.
I was born left-handed, but my teacher thought everyone should function and write with their right hand. One thing this video does not take into consideration is standardized, teaching, or the education system.
Cats are predominantly left handed
I showed up late to a Calc class in college one day. My instructor was one of those that erased all the notes when they got the bottom of the one section of the board they used. I sat down reached in my bag for a pencil and pad and started writing. I had my eyes on the board and never looked at my paper (a trick I learned in jr high). When I finished I looked down and I was writing left handed. I’m predominantly right handed. All my notes were mirror image (written right to left).
as a right handed croatian person, i can confirm that this is true, as most people in croatia still didnt develop from neanderthals
3:21 nah wtf😭😭😭😭
Exactly right about combat sports. My Western boxing coach was upset when I decided to quit and take up Muay Thai instead, because being mixed handed but with a dominant left, meant I could spar in orthodox (right-handed) stance, but bring heavy lefts when needed. I could also switch to southpaw when it provided an advantage. And it's well-known that our ancestors frequently settled disputes (particularly over women!) with a brawl...and still sometimes do so today.
Before you got to the point of explaining, I said "TOOLS!"...as the reason for right-handedness. Yup, I called it, though I didn't know about that bit of the brain. Still, it just seemed obvious that tools are the most notable difference between humans and other apes. Knowing about the brain bit just solidifies things.
Im whats called Cross-dominant. I can use both hands, but for different tasks. I cant write with my right hand, but I play golf right handed. Some things I can do equally well with either hand. Some things I suck at with both hands. Playing things like tennis or rounders when I was a kid always confused me. I never knew which handedness I should be.
But being left handed is NOT hereditary. So talking about selective advantage is none sense.
Left handed as well….by society,one must become ambidextrous…just to get by. Think about computers and the mouse, right handed desks, right handed scissors….actually lost a job in fine dining because I’m left handed….its a deal. Editing….because I thought it was interesting doing web design, and art in photoshop and illustrator…I drew with my right hand and the mouse…I could have got a digital pen and used my left hand but for some reason….no…did amazing art with my right hand and a mouse….we learn to adapt.
during the middle ages - if you were caught using your left hand - you'd be accused of witchcraft  that's probably more viable as to why its less common today  prior to that, we don't have a clue
"70 to 95% to be exact" LOL
my dad was right footed and left handed which was strange , played football(soccer) his right foot was more domininant but he writes with his left hand...it was wierd
This also partially explains why left handed people are consistently more handsome and witty then right handed common folk
Been third wheeled, singled out and left my whole entire life😅. Wear a baseball glove on either hand, can cut anything with YOUR scissors, handle art, driving, music, language, intuition, geometry and french toast better than any of ya!😂 being right doesnt have anything to do with being correct.. in fact, these truths may be why weve only gotten so far as a species.😅😅
What about women?  Thet are very under represnted in your video, and less inclined to fight.
When I was learning to write in Kindergarten i used both hands interchangeably and the teachers made me pick a hand. I write, eat and steer when driving with one hand with my left hand. I use hammers, scissors, knives, computer mice, throw a ball and shoot with my right hand. Everything else I use both for. I learned around age 12 my right eye is actually the dominanat eye. It has been useful to be able to use a mouse with my right hand while typing and using key commands withy left jand when I used to work with CAD software.  Now my preschooler is doing the same thing and writing, drawing, ect. With both hands. Most of the teachers are telling us to let them figure it out on their own, but one wants us to make them pick a hand.
My left is much stronger and faster than my right hand.. But I often use my right to write and eat just like everybody
does this have anything to do with dominant eyes, for example I am right eye dominant and left handed. I have wondered if this is why I use my right more when tolerances and fitment mattered in my hobbies at home
I was left handed but my dad forced me to write with my right hand, my hand writing sucks😂 and I can’t write left handed but I use tools and most fine motor skills with my left hand. The slight nerve damage to my right hand also doesn’t help.
I went down the left/right rabbit hole. After trying to find a bean vine, going left rotation. Most plants and animals are right handed. Some trees switch directions, as they mature.
Caucuses mountain people
That means that Homo Habilis 1,7mio  years ago already worked on leather and probably clothing.
Leftie🙋🏻‍♀️
I love monkey science. They got no idea but take huge leaps, and people ate it all up. Just a few years ago, they said our ancestors never had offspring with Neanderthals. LOL jokes in those guys.
I use both hands equally for work but for writing and precision work my right hand, but I'm a left footed football(soccer) player with my right foot just used for short taps
I was born left handed and then somehow I ended up righthanded. I assume my parents or school had something to do with it
so why are we right handed?
We write with right because it’s right.
I'm left handed and it definitely helps me out in kickboxing being able to fight Orthodox and southpaw
i'm still confused..... i am a left handed writer,  some fine motor skllls are left..... shooting a pistol, right handed.....butter bread, left handed, eat food, knife in right hand, spoon and fork, left hand.....punch, right handed......
Being left handed in a righties world is such a chore. Can't find comfortable scissors, the right golf clubs, our baseball gloves cost more not a single school desk is designed for us, notebook spirals and binder clips dig into our arms as we write, and dont even get me started on the smeared writing and perpetual dark spot where all the pencil graphite has smeared off on our hands.   We strugglin out here
Ambidextrous gang 🤗
RIGHTIES ARE BETTER
I am right handed and stronger in right but when I have to use both hands I use left for power and right for steering. I jump with left foot but hit the ball with right!
I am left handed, my half brother is left handed, my uncle is as well. My grandfather was. My great grandmother was born left handed but was forced to write right handed in school. Lots of lefties in my family
It really depends what im doing but im ambidextrous maybe more left handed.  A lot of sports activities i do it right handed.  Like shooting a basketball or throwing a ball.  I use my left a lot too. Writing and knife skills mainly on left.  I used to force myself to use my right as a kid.  But grew up using my left a bit more as i got older.  When i fight/box i can switch off pretty seamless though.
Born left, forced right by school
Because sleeping on the left side or back is more comfortable.   The shape of the esophagus and the stomach leads to back or left side sleeping.
Boy does this theory seem far as F___ fetched lmao
Begging the question, is it easier for a right handed person to drive in the U.S. or in the U.K.?
Female cats are mostly right handed. A slight majority of all animals are. It's a trait that likely evolved for practical reasons, resulting in frequent convergent evolution among tetrapod.
That theory relies heavily on the notion that they were hitting themselves in the face with their dominate hand, rather than the possibility that they would use their stronger hand to hold the hide and ended up with the clumsier hand with the tool and thus the repeated strikes to their own faces.
You said no other species had handedness, but then you said kangaroos are mostly left handed, I’m confused, please explain.
We didn't split from no da chimpanzees.  You  people are lost and delusional.
Being left-handed is so advantageous.. There will be more lefties
I might have missed it, but did he answer the question of How Humans Became Right-Handed?
What if our brains aren't hemispherical
Another leftie living in a right handed world.  My older brother taught me to swing a basball bat - right handed of course, so I'm a bit a switch hitter, though I actually prefer to hit (and golf) right handed.  Still swing tennis and pingpong rackets with my left hand.  Being a leftie also helped me when learning the piano... my left hand didn't struggle with bass lines, and my right hand dexerity was already well developed so the instrument just really brought the skill level up on both sides.
Who says you scape an animal hide by holding one end in your mouth? I lived with Inuit and they used their 2 legs to pin the hide down, not the teeth.
Some of us reached perfection earlier than others and remained left-handed.
But whose to say that their left arm got tired so they switched, and that’s when they slipped and hit their teeth because they’re not as smooth with their less dominant hand? 🤔 😂
Seriously I do have a left handed dog first one watch your dog and you will see.
I have a left handed cigarette 😮
Once I read a hypothesis that said most humans are right-handed because neanderthal women used to carry their babies with their left-hand because their heartbeat calmed them down, and were forced to use the right hand to do everything else, and i find that hypothesis very heartwarming
Neanderthal 😂😂😂😂  Omar
70% of horses are left handed.
As a lefty, my handwriting is horrible.
Does anyone know if the guy who hosts this has an onlyfans?
Finally watched this
I am ambidextrous
As a lifelong ambidextrous person, I find this fascinating. Some items that presume a right handed or left handed person bother me. For example, I have been searching for a truly ambidextrous computer joystick but haven’t found one that I feel is truly interchangeable, and it actually bothers me to be forced into using one hand or the other.
Not meeeeee. Left handed 😂😂😂😂😂
Although a right handed person, Rafael Nadal, the tennis player, trained to play as a left handed to use as advantage over his opponents.
masturbation.
Ha they think they can trick me because they’re left handed, jokes on them I don’t even know how to fight.😎
I always thought it was just the monkey see monkey do effect. I know people have an “inborn” preference though. Maybe it’s actually 50/50 and people are born left handed but unknowingly change hands very young to mimic what we see others doing. Or maybe it’s just bred into our genes like some genes are bred into hunting dogs. My bird dogs, German shorthairs have an inborn desire to point at birds from the time they’re very young. They pointed at birds on the bird bath before we trained them. I think we’re just like them, it’s somehow become part of or genes to be right handed like it is for them to freeze up, raise a paw and straighten their tail when they see a bird in wait.
I used to do Muay Thai in highschool and one of my mates was left-handed but had to learn how to fight as right-handed. It sure made matches interesting when he'd suddenly change his stance from right to left, it always threw his opponents off for a hot second, since our whole defense is weakened if the other person's dominant side is different than ours.
As the only righty is a completely lefty family, I would be super interested in learning about the elusive genetic component of handedness!
I am a leftie and I am more intuitive and artistic. I was learned to write on my right hand but i still use my left hand to draw, paint, cut with knoves, sew and other activities that uses my strength
King Solomon had all his left-handed fighters in one division. I can imagine how that can be advantageous if the enemy is facing waves of attacks, and suddenly one wave are all left-handed.
So they didn't really explain why they just said its because its the way it is.        And also we dont know.
7:10 - YO ADRIAN!
loving this:  4:27
Which hand did lonely bachelors use?? Lmao
My theory was always the lobster claw theory. This is because my right arm is like the pincer, it is more accurate and dexterous, whereas my left arm is super strong like the crusher. I am a righty btw if that matters
You literally said the same 30 second answer for 10 mins. Impressive
How come that im left and right handed?
Left handers RISE UP
"There is no right way to be human" is such a bad ending to this great video
That carrot cutting video is so demented I am without words. What kind of sick animal wouldn't peel the carrot first?
I was born as left handed but I was taught to use my right hand
I have a deep respect for science, and I am not an expert on primitive humans or neanderthals.  But whenever I hear one of these deductions, like "These scratches on their teeth mean they were biting one side of an animal skin, scraping with a knife, and sometimes it slipped and scratched their teeth!", I really am very skeptical that such a particular situation can arise from some markings.  Of course, that COULD be an explanation for the markings, but what in the wide, wide world of sports makes everyone believe this is unambiguously the cause?
The past month I’ve just been getting flooded with these trivia videos. Why?
I can't believe this video went on for nearly 10 minutes without mentioning the social conotations of right handedness. We are right handed because of society not because of some genetic trait. Also noting there are less lefties so the advantage could be greater when fighting is such backwards logic it blows my mind.
I can absolutely confirm the fighting part, as a fencer I hate lefties! One of the guys in my club is the worst, he's ambidextrous and switches hands in the middle of the match to throw you even more off guard!
Suggesting that skeletons that show thicker right sides is evidence for left handedness being somehow physiologically determined rather than experiential/habitual is like using right-handed guitars as evidence. That's not how it works.  If you're right handed, and you can't use your right hand you can learn to use your left. It's completely untrue that it's based on genotype.
I didn't come from a monkeys butt
When I was a kid I always did stuff mostly with my left (writing, eating, etc...). Sadly my overly religious teachers and family had this extremely stupid idea that if I wrote with my left hand I was worshipping the devil so they would scold me and force me to write with my right hand. Today I am ambidextrous  but I think I was meant to be a leftie lol
I'm ambidextrous
left hand gang rise up
I'm dominantly lefty but I learnt to use my right hand for a lot of things
We can see bigger pictures if you would narrate behind thecamera.
Left side of my body is useless I can ofc lift weights and stuff still but see like writing or kicking  a ball all the right side
Although my right hand is my dominant hand, there are a number of tasks I've always instinctively done left handed; doing it right handed is trickier. Apparently it's called being share handed.
When humans reach a far enough evolution where intellect swells to unseen levels Worldwide, everyone will be left handed. The Right handed of our species holds us back.
How does it work for the people like me who prefers right hand to do daily tasks but use left leg as a dominant leg on things like playing football or jumping ?
at the  malls you easily wall around  ad dont fght the crowd  if you understand   how it set up and for right hander,  its the same as driving ,  you walk on the right side of the sidwalk, you go in doors in the right side as elevator. so you dont cross path with coming traffic untill they  left turn. its a perfect  system till people walk on   the right side, you do that you are head on with about alll coming traffic.   it matter..as the road
Left-handed people are smarter,  better looking,  more sexy and cooler than right-handed people 😊
The left Hand Argument doesnt make any sense
Was this written by AI or are you guys that desperate to pad out the time ?
What about being ambidextrous?
NOT ME HAHA
I grew up right handed, but in my twenties I had a huge spiritual awakening. After that I was able to use both hands where before I could only use the right. I still write right handed, but I’m legible left handed now too. I also gained the ability to use both hands for complex tasks simultaneously.
So what's the answer?
There have always been right handed and wrong handed people.
I am left handed from the wrist down (writing and eating) and right handed from the wrist up (throwing). I can't write with my right hand and can't throw with my left hand.
I have to disagree with the teeth/scraping hide thing. You wouldnt scrape across the hide if you were holding it in your teeth. You would scrape down towards your left hand. Your mouth to your hand would be the only taught path to scrpe on. The rest of the hide would be loose. I would also be willing to suggest the scrapes could be early hygenic attempts, dye applications (meh, thered be dye), or from actual tool making. In fact I disagree with the whole premise that they fleshed a hide in their teeth. If they were smart enough to understand they needed to flesh the hide in the first place, theyd have layed it down on a rock or a log and worked over it... like we still do. They wouldnt have wasted energy and calories on the hard work of holding the hide off to their side in their teeth.
If we were using right hand for millions of years,why didn't our right hand become more muscular and doesn't have thicker bones as part of evolution?
Lost in translation....blabla....
how humans became right handed? the left handed ones were beat with rules by their teachers who were nuns until they learned how to write with their right hand!  ask an older person who went to a catholic school!
Why don’t left handed g502s exist :(
Explain this! Both parents are right handed, but us four kids are all left handed and footed lmao.
You are wrong... every animal has a preferred side... it is biological. This vid is a scam dont believe it
Men know
Cockatoos are mostly left handed
Fiddler crabs. Just saying.
I would think the logic side of the brain - left- would be more associated with hand tasks - right hands
And left-handed esp has been linked to gayness.
When I was in pre-k, my teacher forced me to be right handed because things were easier for right handed people. Then when I wrote with my left hand in middle school, it looked almost the same as if I wrote with my right hand, maybe even better. My handwriting is bad with both my left and right hands but I hold my pencil closer to how you're supposed to with my left hand. If I try to do that with my right hand, everything is big and all over the place.
Cats also.
I seems like 90% of this video is filler.  It repeats a lot as well.
I have heard zero science here. Just someone's ideas as to why this happened.
I am strangely right-handed, left-footed, and left-eyed. This last one may seem strange but it makes me much better at throwing darts left-handed because it lines up with my left eye. I kick and jump with my left foot. But for normal tasks like writing I use my right hand. I did learn to write left-handed very quickly when I broke my right hand. So many I am more ambidextrous and was just taught to do everything right-handed from a young age.
That tooth mark theory in the beginning is SUCH a reach.
Left hand is the devil’s hand 🙅🏻‍♂️
Interesting.   When my kids were in high school, a classmate who was left-handed liked to wear a t-shirt that read, "Since the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, left-handed people are the only ones in their right minds." ROFL
Growing up I used both of my hands pretty equally, but had overall weak hand strength. I cannot recall what it was diagnosed as in the 90's, but today it's called Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD). I was asked at 4 years old to choose a hand in order to recieve physical therapy to develop dexterity and strength. Unfortunately I chose my right hand, and now at 31 its been obvious for a long time I was a natural lefty, which tracks because several of my family members are.   Today the only true things I consistently do right handed is throw (for distance) and play guitar/bass. Everything else I do left handed. And considering my handwriting is atrocious, it truly doesn't matter which hand I use for that lol
As a child, I remember the Nuns at school would scold and hit a student if they used their left hand while writing.  It was "the Devils work".  Now I am an atheist.   I am right handed, but when welding, I am ambidextrous.
I’m right handed but a while back I decided I’d start using my left hand more for everyday task. I think I thought it would somehow make me smarter. It didn’t work obviously in here typing this comment in hopes of a complete stranger to weigh in somehow 😂
My husband is left handed and he is definitely smarter and more balanced than I am lol.
Having two hands, humans are ambidextrous and from youth or training, lean toward their more comfortable style. Throw out the nonsense about evolution and one might come to an intelligent decision.
I’m left handed and proud!! 👍😁💪
This takes "stop hitting yourself" to a whole new level
Guess I'm not very Human being a lefty
When people wrote with a quill & ink their hand would drag through the wet ink if they used their left hand forcing them to use their right.
LEFTIES UNITE!!!
Im left handed  I play guitar left handed, use scissors left handed, use knives left handed
Whoops my bad
The left handed boxer or MMA fighter have many more opportunities to fight and practice against right handed boxers or MMA fighters than right handed boxers and MMA fighters have to practice against left handed boxers and MMA fighters, so of course the lefties will have more success.
My father was left handed, I’m left handed and my two sons are left handed. However, my youngest son would use both hands for certain tasks, like to draw a circle. He would start the circle on one side and switch hands to the side of the circle he hadn’t finished. He ended up using his left when writing and other tasks. I play golf right handed because when I was thought to play by my friends they were right handed and I would use their clubs because they were too expensive for a young man to invest in a sport I wasn’t sure I would like.
Im not sure if this is true but I always linked hand dominance to eye dominance. Not many people know but everyone has an eye dominance as well. As an archery coach we always check a persons eye dominance before teaching to decide which hand they should shoot with. I noticed a lot of people who were left handed but right eye dominant did many other things in their life with their right hand because it made most sense according to their vision. (Ex writing with left but using a hockey stick with their right hand)
Then why is it that a guitar player who is right handed is performing the most complex hand operations with the left hand?  I propose that if the palm is facing down is performing the most complex operations, we attribute that to the person's handedness, but if the complex operations are performed when the palm is facing up the handedness is attributed to that of the opposite hand.
What if it was an ancient memetic that stuck. The first ancrstors who used tools taught others with their right hand. And being left handed is known to be beneficial in athletics and combat. So the left handies stay around because they survive. They would also teach their kin how to do things with their left hands. So its a mix of genetics and memetics.
Cats are mostly left handed too.
A county in southern Tennessee seems to have more left-handed people. Some have moms and dads who are also left-handed. It needs to be re-studied.
Well that video explains absolutely nothing
My dad is a lefty , me right ,younger brother is  left and younger again sister is right 😲
This is all imagination.
What barbarian doesn't peel their carrots. 😂
A thing that has always been noteworthy for me: when I was really young (4 or so) my left handed aunt taught me to knit and crotchet using my left hand. I am otherwise right handed, but on both sides left handed-ness is very common. She grew up in a time that forced her to learn to write with her right hand and later remarked that she didn’t even realize she was teaching me on one hand vs the other.   I still can’t make my brain knit or crochet using my right hand as a dominant hand. I think it’s because I was taught so young that the muscle memory is just engrained that for these two crafts it’s a left handed as dominant hand task.
Im gonna train my son to be left handed lol
1:06 leftfobic to much man. Right handed is a social contruct ;-) 7:29 Using boxing to try to explain why lefties survive is... Dumb. Majority of soldiers in antiquity (much better example than boxing) used the shield in the left arm. Even in 1V1 combat you could see if your oponent was right handed or no. So no element of surprise there. Classic PBS L 8:27 jejejejejejejejejejejejejeejeje I knew it. You are right. But you know I know we know are not talking about hands.
I write lefthanded, almost everything else do righthanded.
New Caledonian crows use sticks as tools in much more complicated ways than other crows.  Their eyes are even set up in a way to give them binocular vision where the tool is unlike other crows.  They do a lot of work with beak and one claw on the tools they modify, while standing on the other foot.  It seems like they have a preference for which foot is the tool using one and which is the standing one, but it could be because the tool is lying in one direction already in clips I watched or whatever.  It would be interesting to study that, if no one has.
I'm not sure this is right so I left.
I dont agree with the sport connection. Every boxer knows his opponent and will train with a southpaw to gain an advantage.
as a lefty. i remember doing most things with my left hand but because we live in a right handed world, i learned at a very young age to use my right hand and so as most lefties i am ambidextrous. However there is a misconception. Most lefties are NOT amibidextrous but instead have handedness with their right hand. True ambidextrous people are able to switch with either hand for almost anything. That being said I noticed that I have been able to teach myself to write with my right hand, though much slower than my left hand.
My younger brother is a lefty. Me, my parents and my older brother are all right handed, I always wondered why…
Explains why the art was so crap... 😂😅
Remembering the desks with the right hand support in catholic school writing notes in pencil smudging the paper and the side of my hand because I'm a lefty.
Not every trait that is linked to evolution has to be advantageous that Is a big misconception that many people suffer from
I was actually cutting a carrot with my right hand while holding the carrot with the left hand at the right moment 😂🤯
I saw this and decided to listen. Once I heard the American accent I stopped. Thanks
I’m left handed. So I clicked this to try to understand why most of you are right handed
A girl I knew had lazy eye.  She held my 22 rifle right handed, but shot it with her left eye! 😂.  She was better than me!!!!!
A man walking a woman up the street is supposed to walk closer to the street to protect her from splashes and that.  So he holds her with his right hand and his LEFT is free!  👹
Shaking hands is a sign of friendship as you offer your right.  But us lefty's now have control of you, and can hit you with our LEFT 👺
I am old lefty machinist.  A drill press and a milling machine are made for lefty's. You drill the hole with yer "dumb" hand. But you control the object with yer "smart" left hand.
California Sea Otters use stone tools to open clams! 🦦 But California 🇺🇸 has always been ahead of the curve! 😆🤣🤨
Me who always has to decide which goddamn hand should I use for the present task
My grandmother was born left handed but was forced to write with her right hand at school.
My little brother is ambi. Sometimes he prefers his left hand. His dad is the only one we personally know who’s left handed and we think he just inherited. We tell him that it’s cool and we push for him to keep using it. I’m jealous for sure
I'm left-handed... for most tasks. Oddly, I'm more skilled right-handed at baseball/tennis/golf. Though I can't throw a ball or shoot a basketball with anywhere near the coordination or power with my right hand as I can with my left.  I can't really write right-handed unless taking 10 times as long to write a sentence is considered successful, lol.  I also have a dominant leg,  I'm far more coordinated with my right leg and typically use it more for any task requiring strength or coordination but not two legs.
The police interceptor sticker is allowed if that’s what the car is.
I love PBS, but saying “70 to 90 percent to be exact.” made my blood boil!
PLAYING THE PIANO WITH THE LEFT HAND CAN PERFORM PATTERNS WHICH IS DIFFICULT FOR THE RIGHT HAND. EACH HAND HAS A DIFFERENT NATURE TO ADAPT TO THE SHAPE OF THE PIANO KEYBOARD.  OFTEN THESE PATTERNS CANNOT BE REVERSED FROM HAND TO HAND.   BUT IT REQUIRES SOME COMPLICATED STUDY.
Weird. I feel like i have more power with my right hand and leg but have more dexterity with my left....   Ex: i write with left hand and learn fine motor controls faster with my left. However, i spike in volleyball with my right hand.
I’m a left or right handed depending on what I’m doing…
70-95%...... to be _exact_ ...  Just sayin
My grandmother was born left-handed. However, she lived in a time period where left-handedness was seen as “evil”, and so her teachers and parents (along with other adults in her life) basically forced her to do certain things (like eating, drinking, writing, etc) right-handed. To this day, she uses her right hand for those things and her (at one point) dominant left-hand for everything else
Possible plot twist: One person got the whole group together and said, "Each of you hold your hand on the cave wall and I'll spray the outline of it, one after another." Being the lefties they ALL were, they all recorded their left hands on the cave wall, while the sprayer person used both hands to steady the process properly. I mean, why in the hell would each person spray their own, one handed for a group photo? Makes far better sense for one sprayer specialist to do the hard part while each person took their turn holding still.
I'm a 75 year old lefty and proud of it. Left eyed and left footed as well. Living in a right handed world, we  lefties have to adapt to almost everything.   I did have to shy away from the guitar  and golfing.  They required special orders at a cost.  I never turn my paper or pencil to any awkward angles.   I look just like I'm right handed in a mirrow.  I'm  always spotting the lefties when l'm in a social gathering.   Power to the Lefties❤
I knew lefties had some sports advantages by coming at the opponent from a different angle.  Interesting that this might have come about as an evolutionary advantage in nonsporting fights
To be clear, he's not saying that we are descended from chimps.  "Split from" or "diverged from" the way he's using it means that the line of Homo species which culminates in Homo Sapiens shares its most recent common anscestor with the Pan lineage which contains chimps, bonobos, and at least one mysterious unknown lost species that interbred with both.  In other words, the Homo and Pan lines are sister lines that diverged from a common ancestor, according to the current models.   In a family tree chart, chimps and bonobos wouldn't be our (H. Sapiens) father or brothers but our great great cousins, as multiple species of Homo developed before we get to H. Sapiens sapiens, and modern chimps didn't exist either at the time of the split.  [Edit:  I just noticed that Eons themselves made and pinned a comment saying the same thing.  Oh well, redundance is better than silence, I guess.]
I mean.... before writing .... what other activities required one to be left or right handed?  I do a lot of things with my left hand and a lot of things with my right hand, tho I only write with my left.... I paint with my right, I carry heavy objects with my right, I eat with both the same way, I open doors with both hands... and so on.....  I think our statistics are messed up about this because we WRITE ! and other animals don`t write !
The answer depends on the question asked.
What is weird is that I'm right-handed and right-legged but left-eyed and left-eared. What's up with that?
Peut-etre beaucoup d'instruments fabriqués en série ont favorisé les droitiers ? Comme les silex à prendre en main qui avaient une face arrondie côté paume et les entailles du côté opposé. Des outils essentiels pour la survie... Du coup avantage reproductif pour les droitiers et droitières...?
we are right handed I bet because our hearts are on the opposite side of it slightly or something to that effect which equals (pound on your chest  to make it beat right, blood flow, muscles are larger on right because of it being off center a bit, etc. for precise intelligent movements a slight bit of precision muscle goes a long way sometimes) interesting fact suggesting highlander is going on with left handed people
We never split from Chimpanzees. We split from a extremely distant animal that may or may not even been a hominid. One of those split animals evolved to be chimps, the other evolved to be Neanderthals, then later humans.
Yal ancestors may have been monkeys but not any of mine lol
We still pushing this we came from monkey 🐒 narrative
My son started as left dominant, but I forced him to use his right. He hunts, fishes, etc...his life is MUCH easier as a righty.
Dogs and cats are "handed" too. My cat is right-pawed, putting his right front paw out when reaching for something.
My granny was left-handed and as a kid she was forced to write with her right hand at school. As a result, her handwriting always sucked later in her life. Even at old age, she complained about these experiences when she was young.
What % of left handed are there to day 10 or 11 %
Why do I feel you have a super dark secret?
Europeans are the only ones related to neandatal
Observing dogs, they seem left pawed, cats... right pawed (but my memory is not as clear for cat observations.)   I sailed with two left handers. Boats have a lot of tight awkward spaces and things always needed fixing.  We quickly figured out that some tasks were left handed and some right handed. We'd switch for different bolts and screws.  And if speed of reflexes was ever selected for, then absolutely there would be selection for a percentage of left handedness. You get ambushed, one left handed is probably all that is needed to defend the off side for the split second it takes the right handers to turn.  50% should be more easily selected for, so there must be some compelling reason for handedness. Might just be right handed brains just happened to evolve in a positive direction. Left handedness then evolved or remained in the DNA because of its unique contributions,. Like my ADHD.
Whole lotta theories being thrown around here.
You lost me when you said “when our linage split from the chimpanzees..” 🤦🏽‍♂️
I have noticed every dog I have had so far favors the right paw too. They grip things and use it to hold objects they are eating.
The right way vs the left way.
Don’t forget how some societies literally punished lefties who were… lefties.   Some very severely.
I am ambidextrous, naturally a lefty, but teachers forced me to use my right hand to write.
Im a left handed but my when i was in grade school my father dont want to use my left hand in writing even my first grade teacher so I use my right hand in writing but on some other things I mostly use my left hand
Family of 10, only leftie and 1st daughter.
I've seen people theorize that prior to the right-left brain switch postulated in Julian Jaynes' "The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind", people were left-handed. Clearly this isn't supported in the fossil record. Which is no great surprise, there's no evidence for it anyplace else, either.
The way he describes handedness spectrum needs to be taught as a class to people studying the sexual spectrum .
Not me, though. I'M SPECIAL.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous!
How can. You even take anyone serious when they think we came from monkeys. Yea. And whales one day got tired of being wet. So they just climbed up on the beach. Grew some legs and turned into cows
Right-handedness came likely from literacy
Every person I know, is either right handed or left handed.  Crazy.
I am rigt handed but my job its actually realy hand to use both more   Like use your rigtvhand to find a screw and use my left to screw it in fully  So over time i became more mixed but never fully
Voice: “Including me” Subtitle: “Including the dude here”
Im right handed, but i write and eat w my left.  My son was born the same way...
My grandmother and i are the only left handed people in our family
The human race decided to use their left hands for cleaning their asses and their right hands fir greeting each other.  This must also have happened after the break with our common ancesters and we became bipedal. Chimpanzees and apes dont clean their asses even though they can reach
Simple. People are right handed to better defend their heart, which is (slightly) to the left side.
I think there would be more left handed or ambidextrous people if society was not so quick to try and shape us into tax paying sheep.
I eat, throw and write all with my left hand. For the life of me, I cannot use scissors or play guitar unless it’s with my right hand. My daughter writes with her left hand, but does everything else right-handed. Hoomans are weird.
I’m ambidextrous n can write with both hands as well but mostly my right my youngest daughter is also ambidextrous but writes with her left hand n my grandson writes with his left also ambidextrous lol I did that lol
Seems like there’s a lot of naive adaptationism in this piece once it gets to the persistence of left-handedness. Left-handedness could persist in a small population without it having any selective advantage at all. At the very least, videos like this should mention neutral evolution, founder effects and genetic drift as possible explanations for left-handedness. Also, what is the causal direction of right-handedness and the “tool-making” section of the brain? Did hominids become right-handed because that spot in the left-hemisphere evolved to support tool creation or did that spot in the left hemisphere evolve to suit tool creation because hominids became right-handed? And what about other tool-creating and using species like corvids, cephalopods and, indeed, chimpanzees, that don’t seem to show handedness?
As a left handed fencer, the combat thing is definitely true. Right handers are not used to the more complicated swordplay that comes from having the opponents sword hand on the same side of their body as your own, which makes it easier to defend against most attacking lines. Something like 45% of all Olympic fencers are left handed! The funny thing is when two lefties also have no idea what to do against lefties.
Sir please stop shaking your hands around; are you starving for attention?
I once read that Polar Bears are all Left Handed.
I use both in weird was since I was a kid.. I write with my left, throw objects with the right, can use utensils, forks spoons n whatnot with either hand, can shoot with either hand,.. the right seems more powerful as far as throwing my hands, but the left seems more precise... This video mentions lefties have stronger memories which I've never heard before but I suppose I can say is true, One of my special gifts is the super mega memory trick and the instant quickness of my recallability is on point big time lol got a heavy rep! Lol😊.. I remember stuff from before 3yrs old, but barely remember last Monday half the time
Fun fact - Men have stronger right hands
Wow, I just noticed that the toilet flush lever is on the left side! And the garage light switch is also on the left! And the front foor knob is also on the left!
Left hand writer, right hand for strength/physically demanding stuff. Depends on what activity.   The idea of lateralization has been debunked at very high levels by neurobiologists. Easy to use to explain stuff though.
I’m left handed but my dad taught me to throw right handed. So I shoot a basketball left handed but I throw a baseball and football with my right hand. I write with my left hand but drink coffee using my right hand. I use a mouse and trackpad with my right hand, and I’m more likely to type on my phone using my right thumb. But I hold my phone in my left hand.   I wouldn’t call myself ambidextrous because I have dominate hand uses for specific skills or actions. While I can cross over and write with left and right, I choose left as it’s more comfortable.
About 40 years ago I worked at a company that made woodgrain trim for Jeep station wagons. It was bent by hand . I noticed that if a lefthanded person learned to make a part on one side of the car he could immediately make the same part for the other side. But a right handed person had to learn that side the same way as any other part.
Love this type of stuff!
About the same amount of humans that are right handed, parrots are left footed. It's crazy.
Sorry, but you're wrong. We find our dominant side by falling to it in our formative years. It's ALL due to which leg is shortest, even if only by a minuscule amount. Toddlers can't hold their weight perfectly until they've learned to stand and walk confidently, and with every fall, they'll mostly fall onto their weaker, shorter leg side. The hand/arm which will invariably be closest to the ground and become stronger and more dominant as a result, is that closest hand.
If being left handed is an advantage, y haven’t that trait become the norm?
What’s the Latin word for left handed?  Sinister.
he's talking about scratches made by stone on a  teeth dated few millions years a go and we barely can keep our teeth during our life ,with a lot of interventions and a lot of replacements!
What about the crabs with big right claw small left one?
But how though
10 %  of folk are left handed. BTW
Both my parents are lefties, I’m right 🤷‍♀️
I remember a naturalist telling me that in the animal kingdom there are animals that do favor one one side over the other, like elephants who prefer using one tusk over the other tusk. I don't think, we humans are as exclusive in the animal world as he thinks we are.
Or maybe just like everything there’s just genetic variation but I would rather over complicated and get large grants so I can do studies on it yep
You didn't mention that children are initially homolateral. They rock back and forth on all fours before they develop heterolateral crawling. Also, they try two-legged jumping forwards before they "get" the knack of alternate leg walking. This suggests a period of post-natal development when lateral preference is not genetically predetermined, and may develop from external conditioning and or chance.  I've heard brain dominance may be influenced by the side one preferred to sleep on as a baby.  I am right hand dominant but (unusually) left leg dominant, as well as being ambidextrous only in rifle shooting, with a pool que, and using scissors! Odd!
other than the monkey and neanderthal stuff this was pretty interesting
70-95% to EXACT. Hmm???
When the scissors were invented ten million years ago humans needed to adapt to use them.
I know exactly why there are more right-handed in humans. It's a combination of genetic and natural section. If there were 50% right-handed and 50% left-handed in the beginning of our evolution, I'm certain that after every battle the survival rate for right-handed warriors are higher. Let's say that you are right-handed and I'm left-handed, and each of us stabs each other at once, my survival rate is lower than yours due to the fact that your sword finds my heart easier than mine does (your sword is naturally aiming at my heart). Just like that, there were less and less left-handed warriors to this day.
You got to it later, but the most rational reasoning consistent with human behavior and evolution towards communal, society living is more right handed humanoids killed more left. The women of those men had more children than the women with offspring from left handed. That was the natural selection.
Great video
This is dumb. People are right and left footed as well.
I'm the only left handed person in my family for 5 generations that were know of. On the other hand (pun intended) 2 of my 3 best friends are also left handed and the 3rd is ambidextrous. He prefers his left hand for certain tasks and his right for others. He played baseball left handed, but hockey right handed for example.
I was just wondering... Could this have something to do with how we have either right or left dominant eye?
I'm right handed for writing and most other things, but I'm left handed when it comes to golf or baseball, even though I hold a tennis raquet in my left hand. I also kick a ball with my left foot. If you threw a ball to my left side, I'd have no problem catching it with my left hand. I'm definitely not ambidextrous. I could't play golf right handed, or tennis left handed. How weird am I?
Never again call a monkey my relativ
Nice and encaptivating. I am right handed for most of my activities including writing but I am left handed when it comes to batting (cricket and baseball). I can't bat right handed for my life, but I golf and play tennis right handed.   I don't know how. But if I play cricket or baseball batting right handed, I get headaches. 😁
I winced with the mention of accidentally cutting ones teeth.  Ouch.
It’s hard teaching a noob how boxing works because they always instinctively want to use their right hand as their primary jab hand and will want to naturally stay in a southpaw stands despite being right handed, and I always have to explain to people why they need to have their strong hand in the back to generate more power and their week handed side as their primary jab hand but they always feel uncomfortable doing it that way and I literally have to force them to get use to fighting orthodox
Its not only hands. Usually is right leg, eye too.
Explained why my brother is a tennis player and a genius.
My son is the 4th generation male in my line to be Left handed.  Myself, my father and grandfather.  Unsure about beyond that.   They tied my grandfathers hand behind his back to learn right handed but he went back after.   It’s … handy as you have to learn to be ambidextrous to one level or another.  I play guitar and other things right handed because it’s just easier to find them.   I taught myself to write right-handed while bored at work.   Now my 9 year old is almost fully ambidextrous.  Anyway, yeah rest of family is right handed.. feel bad for them. :)
I was born left handed but my grandmother thought that was weird so she would put stuff in my right hand a lot more. I've always been able to do everything but write with my left hand because I only learned to write with my right hand.
How on earth can anyone take these just-so stories seriously?
Being right handed only started when people started writing language. Other than that.. it was just whatever was more comfortable. And or what the person had seen others do.  Thats it.  (Im ambidextrous for everything)
You can tell a caveman was part of the elite class if he did not have any scratches on his teeth.
I've always believed that left-handers struggle to properly understand the logic of right-handers.
The most important benefit of being left-handed is that you eventually become ambidextrous since everything is designed for right-dominant folks. It forces you to use your right hand more often.
Because they were pulling the handle on the old voting machines. They were voting 10 to 15 times. I guess the handles were on the right
I am basically right handed, but depending on what I am doing I actually use my left hand more. In my close family one half is left handed and the other right handed.
I think I might have been left handed, but was strongly “encouraged” to do things right handed as a kid (Like writing).  Now, I consider myself right handed, but my handwriting is fairly poor, and I do things like Batting in baseball, or Golfing primarily left handed.  Until recently anyway, when I discovered I could Golf ambidextrously, so now I switch back and forth. Generally I have better control right handed, and better power left handed.
Bro..u talk s****
If they have different sizes of the same product in the supermarket, the larger/largest size will always be on the right. That's not by accident.
Foot or leg dominance might should have been taken into consideration too. Lionel Messi, Diego Maradona and Dan Carter are lefties when kicking. And there's a few of us - myself included - that are right handed and kick with the left foot. It has always puzzled me.. 🤔
I'm an ambidextrous lefty 💪🏾
If u believe in theory of evolution then you are a idiot.
Did they really say how humans became right handed? or  Did I miss something?
I’m a left handed person, but cut with scissors in my right hand.  Someone should have told me this before they forced left handed scissors on me!
Actually very interesting topic. When I write I only use my right hand. If I reach for something or, for example, throw a ball, I use my left hand. But plays e.g. badminton and tennis equally well with the right or left hand. But if I use, for example, a hammer or other tool, I only use my right hand. 😉
My brother was born left handed but my grandfather tied his left arm behind his back and made him use his right in italy. It was just a regular thing to do they even did it in schools
The reason why most of the world is right-handed is because of Christianity forcing people to write with their right hands in fact that's what happened to me and so now my handwriting is completely messed up because I'm left-handed but they tried to force me to write with my right hand this is the reason why I do not like Christians or Christianity
We don’t come from chimpanzees
Question you said we came from chimps . Then why are there still chimps ?.where are you keeping the ones that's are half way human. 3/4 human ? Bet ya can't answer that
He is not very bright if he thinks we evolved from apes. What did apes evolve from? I stopped watching this about 15 seconds in because it was just that dumb.
NO !!!!!! It was because the cave men were right  hand extremists .
This month proved why ronnie sullivan is the best snooker player ever.hes both the youngest and oldest to win the big trophy. Hes completely ambidextrous
Now i know why i couldn't play snooker.I am right handed but left eyed.I have a silver bar for rifle accuracy in the army because I use the rifle in my left side.i only found out later
The whole thing sounds very sinister to me.
I’m pretty sure nearly all lefties use their right hand for quite a few things. Because there were so many right handed only tools as we grew up, we learned to adapt. My right arm is strong. My left hand paints, write and draws. I can wood carve with either hand. Left handed people forced to only use their right hand are clumsy and their writing is horrible. There are probably no people who can use ONLY their left hand, but there are billions who can’t even figure out how to use their left for anything at all.
I am left handed.  The nuns were not happy.   What's the big deal about being left handed.   Lefties learn to use right handed scissors.  Had no choice.  We have to learn to write with out turning our paper.  we have to live in a right hand world.
Here's another explanation. The heart is slightly on the left of the chest, so from early times, Mothers held the baby in the left arm to soothe it with their heart beat, leaving the right arm free for activities like prepping raw food and cooking, braiding hair, body decorating with ochre etc  The survival of the infant is the most important thing, so evolution selects anything which contributes to it, & so right-handedness.
I am naturally left handed, but was taught to write with my right hand early in schooling. Never could grasp it as well as with my left but as an adult I am now left hand dominant for dexterous things like writing, painting, instruments but right hand dominant for strength based tasks like throwing, punching, lifting and my hobby rock climbing. It even extends to my feet where I can only kick a ball, or do high strength based rockclimbing moves with my right leg. I wonder if there is a level of nature vs nurture to hand dominance.
Funny story: i worked with a guy who applied for a grant from an organization that supports and recognizes left-handed people...he wrote out this multi-page essay about how he wasn't even left-handed and essentially just wrote this essay out of sheer boredome...  they ended up giving him the grant because....he literally was the only person to submit an essay for this grant!
You might be interested in how handedness has affected architecture. You will find that in medieval castles and other fortresses that have stairways , those stairways hug the walls such that upon ascending the walls are invariably on the right hand side.  This is because it inhibits the movements of right-handed invading swordsmen, giving the (also right handed) defender above an advantage with greater room to swing his sword. Now, a lefty attacking would nullify a lot of that advantage, but the defender would still have the height & weight advantage of striking downwards.
No.
Has anyone else noticed how many lefties are on you tube? I used to work in kindergarten. It was seldom we had a left paw but the last few years it increased. Not dramatically but noticeably. Interesting.
Please stop conflating handedness with "correct."  There is nothing correct about voting preference. The "Right" is often catastrophically wrong.
All the lefties i know get 10x as much booty as the right handers i know. They'll make it
Me ( a lefty): "Could you make this door left-handed." 🤣😂
Things I was formally taught I am right handed. Anything I wasnt taught I automatically do left handed
Im right handed and right footed, but when i hit puberty, the right side of my body just started feeling "weird." At the same time, the left side of my body had this weird feeling of euphoria flowing throughout it. These two factors led to me dedicating my life to doing everything left handed and left footed, even though that discomfort/euphoria is gone
sharing a common ancestor isn't the same thing as 'splitting from chimpanzees'.
Bowling is a sport where handedness gives an advantage despite not being a contact sport etc. It's to do with the oil distribution on the lanes and how that shifts throughout a match.
Fine. Left-handedness isn't a sign of witchcraft...     ...but gingers still have no soul!
Maybe no other mammal favors one hand over the other. But birds do. Every budgie and cockie I've had is a southpaw and manipulates his or her toys with the left foot. More research, guys.
I come from a heavily left handed lineage (50% of my maternal 1st cousins) its interesting how it works.  I did win more than a couple HS wrestling matches by using my leftyness strategically
There is more to this subject than it seems. When crossing your arms the right is over the left in right handed persons, though when clasping hands together the left thumb is over the right.😮  Then lobsters with extreme large right hand. I don't know if it is true that lefties are more intelligent though.
Cats seem to be left handed, but they say female cats are right handed.
I have equal control with both hands. I play a mean game of ping pong.
Some thing u said 3 times?
I used to be a lefty, but my dad saw me playing with a toy sword and he made me use my right. I developed a facial tick because of it. I still kick a ball with my left foot though.
7:00 No wonder Apollo Creed’s manager didn’t want Apollo facing the left-handed Rocky Balboa.  Deep down, he knew the science!
My grandson Jadon is left-handed ❤
That’s handy to know.
I used to be left handed but when I was 8 yr old my parents forced me to be right handed as some relatives told my parents that being left handed bring bad luck/ omen so I had great difficulty in shifting from left to right handedness. My Right  hand writing is really bad and lost how to write by left-hand completely but still my left hand had more force than right hand. In any fight, I mostly throw left punch as it is stronger one for me even though I am right handed
One thing that still surprises me is how engineers and designers still forget left handed people exist in the world. Tools for example can be made both handed but quite often are not with safety switches or on off switches for a right hander. Another example is a knife sharpener I own that has the knife dangerously close to my hand that holds it. A simple fix would have been to center the carbide instead of offsetting it. Simple discrimination. Cheers.
Not really the whole explanation. If left handedness was advantageous over RH, evolution would have driven handed parity, and eventually LH dominance. Dig deeper, please.
I'm a mutant.  :)
People are right handed  as it is a natural way to protect the heart. Doing hard work with your left hand puts strain on the heart. It is statistically proven that left handed people die sooner than right handed people.
I prefer my right hand to almost everything but writing
I'm ambidextrous. I used most tools with both hands; and also write with both my hands except that on a board I write with either hand but on a handbook only with my right hand. Kind of weird!! I wish I knew how that happened in the first place.
Er. I dont think anyone used their teeth to hold an animal skin while scraping it. Just doesnt make sense. You need more than 2 anchor points for a start. Ask an artisan leather worker.  I have read that scratches on teeth are thought to have come about by using flints etc to cut a piece of meat off a chunk so you can eat it. At least this has the stone scraper near the mouth. Why would a slipping skin scraper come anywhere near the mouth.  But I dont know if anyone has tested the hypothesis.  Maybe they chomped the bones. Rib bones for eg.
I found this video too late. Oh well. But it doesn't seem to explain an art class of mine back in 1976. One day, the professor asked for a show of hands of how many were left handed. So many students in the class held up their hand including me. He was very surprised, and so was everyone! But since then I've watched closely in films. It seems that there are quite a few left-handed actors, too.
0:38 “No other mammal prefers one side of its body so consistently.” Hmmm? 🤔 I’m watching this shortly after another video which claimed: gorillas preferred their right hands, while Orang-Utans favoured left. That same video even referred to experiments involving birds and their body-side preferences related to problem solving abilities. Who to believe?
You lost me when u said lefties had better verbal skills. My autistic cousin and autistic brother are both left handed and neither of them have the best verbal skill
Growing up, my dad and two of my three sibs - as well as me - were lefties. I had no idea that right-handers were dominant until I was in school (and began the long search for those weird lefty desks from middle school all the way through all my college years.)
I'm  LEFT handed ✋🏿 🫡💯🤙🏿
🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:  00:00 🚀 *The video explores a scenario with a giant circuit to question how long it takes for a light bulb to light up when a switch is closed.* 01:29 🔄 *Unlike a battery, electricity in the grid is in the form of alternating current (AC), where electrons wiggle back and forth without a net movement. The traditional explanation involving continuous conducting wires and electron flow is challenged.* 03:26 🔍 *James Clerk Maxwell's breakthrough in the 1860s revealed that light consists of oscillating electric and magnetic fields. John Henry Poynting's 1883 discovery of the Poynting vector showed how energy flows through these fields, challenging conventional views about electrons carrying energy.* 06:20 🌐 *In a simple circuit with a battery and a light bulb, the energy flow is explained by the Poynting vector, showcasing that it's the electric and magnetic fields, not the electrons, that carry energy.* 08:51 ⚡ *The video emphasizes that energy flux only goes one way, from the battery to the bulb, even though electrons move both ways. It highlights the misconception that people often think they're buying or pumping electrons.* 09:49 🔄 *The analysis of alternating current (AC) is explained, demonstrating that even though the direction of current reverses, the Poynting vector consistently points from the source to the bulb.* 11:47 🌐 *The historical failure of the first Trans-Atlantic cable in 1858 due to distorted signals revealed the importance of understanding energy transmission through electromagnetic fields, not just the flow of electrons in conductors.* 12:17 ⚡ *The answer to the initial scenario is provided: the light bulb turns on almost instantaneously, and the limiting factor is the propagation of electric and magnetic fields through space, not the movement of electrons in the wires.* 13:50 🤖 *Caséta by Lutron, the video sponsor, is introduced, offering smart lighting control that allows users to turn lights on/off with a phone, Alexa, or Google Assistant, enhancing everyday experiences with a deeper understanding of electrical energy flow.*  Made with HARPA AI
Actually Neanderthals were busy scratching their balls with left hand while hunting with their right hand
If you are right about the advantages of left handedness, wouldn't we expect to see a flipping between the predominance of  one hand over the other? As one becomes more common, the other increases in value and therefore will eventually surpass the former in selection bias. The idea that it would stop being selected for is odd as you have presented no advantages to being right handed so there would be no reason that that would always be the default. It seems more likely to me that the trait is neither universally advantageous or detrimental so there were no real pressures either way. In response to how "handedness" came about in the first place, we have an enormous amount of complex behavioral learning to do as children, perhaps this is  way of categorising aspects of tasks so as to more easily master them.
I am usually a lefty when I don't pay attention, but when in certain situations such as space limitations when using tools, for example, I am totally fine using my right hand. In fact, I write better on a blackboard with my right hand and it looks the same as the same words written on paper by my left hand. I am totally comfortable using either hand with knives, forks and spoons. I consider myself fully ambidextrous..
My husband was left handed as a kid until he brike his left hand and started using his right. He can write, use a utensil, and do most sports with both hands now. This is very helpful for me as I'm left handed and there's no sitting on the wrong side of the table with one another
Horses tend to have a preferred side
I work at a chemical plant and nearly 50% of the workers are left handed. It's just a coincident, but it's cool.
The boxing example is so true. When I taught southpaws, or ESPECIALLY switch fighters (capable of switching stances well) I would often feel like I was standing wrong for a bit. Takes some getting used to.
It's all about left and right hemisphere of the brain.. ROFL which hand you use.. Is dictated by it.. ROFL🤣🤣
I prefer the term "correct handed"
My husband and eldest daughter are both left handed. My eldest daughter’s biological father is also left handed.
Leftie here
Left handed advantages part was interesting. I always wondered why, despite lefties being relatively rare, there are so many left handed pitchers in the MLB.
My dad used to get so annoyed with me when we would clunk knuckles at the table.
I don't have such weaknesses
Was AI used to generate any of the images featured in this video?
What about those of us who hold our fork, write left handed, but throw a ball, shoot, use tools with our right hands?
As a left handed person, I think living in a right handed world forces you to be a lot more ambidextrous than the opposite for right handed people.
I would also assume that, as a species that has lived in tight-knit communities for thousands of years, having handed-specific tools was advantageous in those communities that shared tools. The hominids living in those communities may have, therefore, needed to have the same dominant hands to operate the tools used in common.  I'd be curious to see how many surviving tools from our ancient ancestors show asymmetrical designs.
You did not explain how or why, just stated that it was the case and a few consequences none of which were even benefits
How about this left handed people have a greater tendency to be bipedal because of the left handed mouse. Can Douglas Engelbart be credited with bipedalism in left hangers?
I’m friends with a pair of twins, one right and one left handed. This is called mirroring and occurs when the developing egg splits after a certain time. Identical twins (both right handed)divide before then. I wondered if it’s possible that some lefties could be the remaining twin after an early foetal loss. Often embryos lost very early on are not even noticed as more pregnancies end spontaneously at such an early stage. Just a little pondering of mine.
Left handed pitcher, from Licey, awesome...watch dominican baseball peeps
I’ve always been left-handed when it comes to physical activity: running, stretching, gymnastics, boxing…. But I learned to write with my right hand. But I draw and paint with both.
Ringo was born left-handed and his Auntie forced him to be right-hand dominant. As a result, he has a very unique style of drumming
And there's no wrong way to be a kangaroo
Why though?
8:01 “…happens to be in the left hemisphere…” And so the mystery remains, in that word “happens”. That the right hand would be favored with a left-hemisphere tool control unit follows logically. But why must the tool control unit should reside in the left-hemisphere? Well, it just “happens” to be so.
Likely brain damage from an ancient ancestor; or, some religious/spiritual/communicative behavior; or, by force. I'm left-handed; but, in my early days, they tried to force me to use my right hand...forced conformity.
Thanks for the video!
link me the answer to "how" part, i missed it. ty
protect heart
So then why are zippers on clothes on the opposite of what seems logical then? I.e. left handed people have clothes where they zip with the right hand and vice versa. This is practically the same movement.
Split from chimps 😂
Why human mostly Right Handed, because our hart position is our left chest. thats all
It's not that deep. Every culture wipes their booty with their left hand.
Two of the Beatles were left handed.
Human is always right..thats what i believe..especially girls..even if they are wrong..they're always right..to conclude..Humans are always right.
I am left handed and I am proud of it ...😊❤
Conclusion: based on evolution advantages, we can purge all right-handed people from Earth in order to create a perfect society 😃
Wohoaah comment section is full of leftiesss... . .                      - A right handed guy
serena williams is jacked wtf
I'm right handed but I skate goofy. I also use other stuff like forklift power equipment on the opposite side of what's the usual. It's fascinating.
i'm left handed, and it now make so much sense why i'm not good with tools
I am left handed, I never loose a fight, so easy.
He looks like macklemore
Ill save you the trouble of watching   The answer is the invention of cave painted only fans
I’m a dog trainer and a skill that dogs usually have to build is using their paws as tools (to get things from under the couch, ask for attention, etc). If a human asks a dog for their paw, the human will likely use the same hand every time (their dominant one), causing the dog to use their same paw every time. I’ve noticed some dogs will use them interchangeably automatically and some need to be prompted by the other hand. I’ve read that lefties, righties and ambi’s are about a 33% split in dogs.
Someone told me that if you toss yourself off with your left hand, it feels like someone else is doing it. 😮 I wonder what that says.
I'm ambidextrous
I think it has more to do with how our eyes are stationary and can't watch both at once also coordination with the one you can see should get better...if we watch both at our sides we would lose middle sight and go crosseyed..😅...and just easier to focus all your coordination to one than splitting the stat
Some of us are ambidextrous.
How humans never fully stepped out of the Bronze age. In the form of Religion.
Why are jars designed to be opened with your left hand? 🤯
Left handed anomaly coming through....peep peep
I'm actually both handed but mostly right handed
No one finds the teeth scrapings a bit odd?? These Neanderthals would have been really dumb. But the stone tools and processing of hide doesn’t suggest that. So, how is it they repeatedly scrape their teeth with a rock?
They are forcd...dad was i was, and so many others as well.
I am half left handed and half right handed. I use left hand for using knife and for manual labour and i use right hand for writing and eating food. I dont no why is that
Lobsters have a crusher claw and a cutter claw and which arm has which also differs from lobster to lobster
I am not Ambidextrous BUT... I write with my Left and throw/bat with my Right. Playing soccer I am Left for Skill and Right for Power - I have no idea why?? Yet I can sort of swop brain sides and control which is my strong side leaving the other weak. Yeah I'm confused too. Its great for playing Drums tho....
I m both handed???? Why doesn't it make sense?
I'm a weird leftie, I eat and write with my left, but pretty much everything else goes to the right. I can perform a lot of right's functions with the left to a decent degree, but the right *can't* do left's functions comfortably.
Right handedness is dominate  why? Think of this you are hunting with a spear having spear in right hand keeps your heart as far away from attack making your whole right hand side to take any damage rather than expose your left hand side to attack and the heart  being directly in front of possible attacks directed at you beit man or beast.
In Nigeria being right handed is in grain into you from a young age. Collecting or giving anything with your left hand is seen as disrespectful.
Allegedly
A right handed spin on a projectile is more accurate over long distance than a left handed spin. So throwing a spear/javelin is more accurate if you throw it right handed. This is also why guns have right hand spin on their barrels. This would favor right handed individuals.   Now the show depicts a left hand advantage to left handed fighters. But this is only when fighting another human. But most of our early historyhad to do with hunting animals and not eachother. Warfare was more common once people settled. By then right handedness was already favored. But not everyone hunts so left handedness isnt a hindrance that would lead to be fully eliminated.
See then you have someone like me where I write left handed but do everything else with my right. Bat right, throw right, shoot right, use my mouse with right. But I write left lol. How does that happen?
there are some interesting stories in this comment section
Im left handed and I can attest that I am smarter than 99% of the population. You just cant read my handwriting...
I'm left handed and am happy that I'm not the norm,  though I could technically be ambidextrous.   I write, throw, and shoot a pistol left handed but shoot a long arm,  shoot pool and hold a guitar right handed.
Im right handed, but using a pen by left hand
If I’m right handed and kick with my right hand why is my left eye my dominant eye
70-95% isn't EXACT...not even close.
Right handed is made for Masturbations 😮😊😊
I’m left handed but by dominate hand is my right very weird 😂
You do realize the earth spins to the right? Seems pretty logical with gravity. Is it easier to throw with than against?? I don't know. Can I get my Nobel prize now???
I eat with my right hand but when I user a knife to I eat with my left hand😅
😎👍🏽👍🏽
The scientific consensus is that the hand you beat it with is the handedness that you are
I use my left hand mostly for sensitive detailed work like drawing, writing etc. and my right hand for mostly things that need strenght like throwing a ball, punching or cutting things. That has exceptions tho. Like i crochet with my right hand. I use my right hand for cutting and my left for spreading things while using a knife. I had and still have a big trouble when i start to do something new because i can’t choose which hand to use. I thought i was a leftie because of writing but i might be cross-dominant.
Left hand gang represent.
“70 to 90 per cent, to be exact” that sounds funny
0:34 70 to 95 percent of us to be "exact" always gets me!
Skip to 7:45
"Split from our chimpanzee ancestors..." Uh-oh! Here come the religious 🔩 to condemn you.
If I believed in evolution, this video would be amazing!
Fascinating ! Thank you.
I was perfectly ambidextrous until about the age of 7  It was at this time my cousins made me “choose a side”   I choose the left, and never went back to the right   Such a small moment took away what was, unbeknownst to me, an incredible skill.
That was excellent!
I think i was born left handed and was forced to be right handed
It's because before toilet paper we wiped our butts with our left hand.  Everybody knows that!
I left this video when it didn't give me the right answer
Ah yes, the graphite/ink smear only lefties would understand.
This video could have been 1min long. Without compromising the content or delivery
I was a left handed but my mom forced me to be right handed when I was young (such as she covered my left hand with long sleeves so that I had to use my  right hand while eating) . Now I use both my hands...  Eating , writing with right hand and cutting(using knives ), using phone etc with my left hand.
After all those nonsense you did not explain why we are mostly right handed, for majority of the video you kept saying we do not know! Why trying to explain something you have no idea about? Horrible video! And horrible presentation!
Just say you don’t know.  Don’t make us watch 10 min of that nonsense.
I have the impression that left handed people tend to be smarter and/or more creative
We're definitely an oppressed minority.
I have a feeling ur the brother who took his food youtuber brothers mad honey like it was regular honey
Side by side not face to face
Most lefties are better with the right hand than righties are with their left. Not sure if that's due to nature or society forcing lefties to have to use their right hand more than the opposite.
What about a left handed person forced to learn how to write right handed. I think I should've been left handed, I mostly use my left side of the body for strength, but because I learned how to write with right, my right hand is better at control. . I could do anything but writing, with my left, even use chopstick with left, but my right is just better at control. But I definitely am a southpaw when punching.
I have cross dominant handedness. It's like a baby step removed from full ambidextrous. I am proficient at most tasks with either hand, but I just prefer one hand most of the time. For example, I write with my left hand, but I shoot in basketball righty.
As a lefty, i am just now realizing how built the world is for right handed people
No “right” way to be human
"and there is no right way to be human"  i got that YES
A very misleading headline. If you expect a answer in this video, you will waste your time.
I am left hamded but I noticed that im more dominant with my right eye. I also noticed that i like to walk on the right side of someone and when I put shoes on I always put on left shoe on 1st, There is more to this then what we think because at my work place im in charge of 200 employees i move things around for them as in how I would do it and they have to work backwards
So many words and yet said nothing..
Any thought on the development of teaching skills and it's effect on handedness?  Maybe it was developed by chance when our ancestors had to choose a hand to teach others.   Standing side by side,  they would eventually standardize the teaching of skills and favor one hand over the other.   The kangaroos choosing a hand lines up with this theory because the kin are taught in this same, first-person (or first-kangaroo, if you prefer) manner.
For me being left handed is not always easy, i get annoyed when i write it smudges. and our chairs our always somekind designed for right handed people
So you guys don’t actually KNOW anything. Got it.
As a tig welder, I can do most anything with both hands equally. Where I struggle is throwing
I would think that since the heart is on the left side one would want to shield that side from possible harm and use the right hand more.
I always thought it had something to do with the heart being left of center.....but I'm dumb so
So lefties are the next step in the evolutionary ladder. I knew it.
Im not convinced that scientists can say with any certainty that those scratches on the teeth are caused definitively by an ancient homonid slipping and scratching their teeth with a sharp tool while holding the end of an animal hide in their mouth. Seems oddly specific and a bit of a reach in my books.  What proof do they have other than just marks on teeth?
So you are saying there are more right wingers than left wingers
I have noticed my cat is right pawed
The world was built for right handed people thats why there are more right handed people.
Its funny about this left side tool use center. I thought about our speech center at the beginning of the video and wondered if that had something to do with it. Most things we learn we are told verbally how to do so it might be easiest for the brain to use the hand connected to the half that process language.
Lefty, checking in.
When I swing a tennis racket (one hand)  I’m right handed but when I swing a golf club (two hands)  I’m left side
Horses tend to be left sided.  Like 80 + %.
This is fantastic
My Lil brother and I are lefties! I like being different
Left handedness is strongly associated with a whole bunch of psychological probs and learning issues
I throw a baseball with my right hand and bowling with my left hand .
I had also learned about handedness and distribution of language function having a correlative relationship. Interesting topic!
Im left-handed, only troubles i had was in army since the weapons were made for righthands , bullet ejection was facing in so i kept burning my righthand with bullet casings
Side point. Some land crabs have large right claws while a few have both that are small. We call those left hand crabs.
I'm confuse I can't do some job on my right but i do a lot of this with my left hand but i write with my right hand
Most parrots are left footed.
Otters are actually mainly right handed as well!
so before becoming right handed what were we??? left handed?? lmao  and if we were left handed before becoming right handed what were we before that??? 😎
The Only thing I do with my left is write. Nothing else. I’m even right eye dominant.
That was insightful, thanks
I love science like this.   It's interesting to see what could have lead to our ever evolving selves. 😱🤔
What if one of our ancient ancestors got hurt, had an injury on the right arm/hand/wrist and then had to learn how to do day to day tasks with the left side. Therefore ‘favouring’ the left side and becoming left handed. Then as they teach/pass down the skills to the next generation, the next generation would copy what the ‘left handed’ hominin was doing.   If that makes sense 😅
Thanks for India 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
I am ambidextrous. Was trained in school to prefer my right. Never made much of a difference though. I do everything equally with both. I write sloppy with both too. 🤣 interestingly enough 3 of my 4 children are righties. My eldest daughter is my one leftie. 👍🏼
Lefties forehand is just as good as anyone's  However their back hand is trained against our forehand; so it practically becomes as good if not better than their forehand. no one person should have that much power!
Left handed girl here, it was so hard for  people to teach me how to play guitar, knit, or do lettering, they just told me figure out your slef lol one thay i will learn.
What about ambidextrous people
What about fiddler crabs?
Both my parents are left-handed, and my brother and I are right-handed.
In cricket, the left-hand bowlers are considered to have an X-factor as they have a different angle, and they cause problems for most batters. As a result, any good left-handed bowler is picked earlier than the others making the aforementioned interaction more favorable for them because you don't usually find left-handed bowlers in domestic circuits.  For anyone wondering Shaheen and Starc are prime examples of this today
I'm a lefty for writing, punching, kicking and shooting; but i play the bass (lol), guitar, drums, and also play hockey (goalie) as a righty. Later on I realized it makes more sense because you press the notes with the left hand on a guitar and you catch and use a lefthanded stick in hockey. Also I just can't play baseball, i NEED to throw and catch with my left hand. You can imagine the bullying as a kid everytime i took off my glove to throw the ball.  Also when I found a lefthanded shop I felt so VALIDATED. People laugh when you mention lefthanded scissors or even cups but oh well, you get used to being different.
Maybe it is a debunked myth...but I was surprised not to hear about the 'history' of the right handed hand shake. Something like...when two men/knights/warriors etc would meet, they would extend and grasp right hands/arms to effectively 'disarm' themselves for an introduction. A left handed person would be able to 'sneak/surprise' attack while their right hands were locked and thus created a suspicion and prejudice against left handed people. (See Sinister v. Dexterity).
I am a left handed person and it shows in the way I write and use my mouse on my left hand during gaming. Sadly, I was forced to use a right handed guitar because my guitar teacher told me it's better off for me to learn right-handed than left-handed. So far, it kinda helped me because I have a stronger grip on my left and it was easier for me to do bar chords.
Cats like to jab with their left paws when boxing
Excellent
I've always wondered if civilizations that read and write from right to left are more left-handed.
Something to be said for snowboards, think you got it, turn around
I was ambidextrous until I started school and noticed that writing with your left is a pain in the neck. Since then I split duties so I do any heavy lifting with my left and anything that needs a fair amount of dexterity with my right.
Oddly red heads are mostly left handed i wonder why that could be
Aaaaand you still haven't answered the question
That lefties have an advantage sounds a little... sinister. ;) (Heraldry joke.)
I’m left handed, and my right had is dumb. While playing ball as a kid I had to catch the ball with my left hand, rip the glove off and throw with my left hand.  In 5th grad the lefties had to use a wire frame on their pencils , and must keep the frame on the table. This was to not have the horrid wrist hook. ( Which my aunt had) I ended up learning to write by turning my paper upside down. All this was difficult for my artwork , especially calligraphy, which I loved.
for using tools (writing, using a spoon, etc) im left handed, but for throwing something (a rock, a baseball) im right handed and to kick something (a ball or something else) im back to left
If you’re pulling back with a sharp object as a lefty you’re more likely to stab you’re heart
Licey campeon!! 🇩🇴🇩🇴
all i know us that lefties do things much prettier. swing, write, kick, throw....from Darryl Strawberry, to people I've know that write a lot, Lionel Messi, and Steve Young ;-)
Neanderthals were not white skinned
About 10% of the human population is left handed. But about 50% of all the historical geniuses and creatives were left handed. We are the next evolution of humanity. Lol!
Most of the 70s generation down were right handed thanks to the school system who would not allow you to use your left hand to write.  They forced me to make my right hand the dominate hand.  Everything else I do left handed. I see alot of the 80s Generation and up that are left handed.
Your pesky heart isn't symmetrical. It sits on your left side so there is more room on the right. Also cool trick, start with your arms wide and bring them together while extended to make a O in front of your face like a barrel. Close one eye then close the other to see which one it lines up with. More people are right eye dominant as well
my left handed friend do not use tools also and is more look like a kangaroo.
As the only left-handed person in my ENTIRE family tree, (and someone who had to grow up using right-handed objects and utensils) honestly, life is just more uncomfortable than it should be. Plus, the holiday we have (Left-Handers Day--it's on August 13th) doesn't really feel a holiday. Like, nobody even TALKS about it, let alone CELEBRATE it.
I'M  AN BOTH HANDED
Manny Pacquiao is a lefty, he is a successful boxer.
@1:43 suboptimal knife grip, chef's grip is better (and imo safer) for most cutting, also the grip on on the carrot  like asking for an injury
I think we don't have enough data. Right handedness really influences the way we interact with the world. When I was younger I used both hands predominately until a teacher made me stick to using just one. It made me lose a lot of the coordination I had with my right side. And although I can still write with my right hand, it's not nearly as good. I find myself using different hands for different activities like tool use. Many tools that I instinctively want to use with my left hand are not made to be used for my left hand so I adapt with my right. I believe there are probably a lot of people who deal with these issues and because the world is so right-centric people with left handedness start adapting to a right-handed world from infancy. I think we need to have better knowledge around these things for teachers and trades and I think if we acknowledge and encourage these differences from a young age it could create new levels of efficiency. I know for a fact I'm a faster electrician because I have adapted to use all my tools perfectly with both hands. I'm sure there are thousands of instances that would end up being more efficient if people honed their specific coordination from a young age.
I was baffled when I first learned that handedness is genetic! I’m left handed, and my identical twin sister is right handed. I have to wonder what the deal is.
I have a theory that right handedness is more successful in fights due to the liver being covered as opposed to left where the liver is leading so war lead to more right handed people.
When you talk about one random person, you refer to that person as "he" or" she,"  NOT "they."  The person has not magically become plural.
Apollo Creed was warned about fighting a Southpaw and the rest is cinema history.
I have heard "no other animal and the handedness thing" but look at fiddler crabs. I'll accept your apology in the form of more top notch content, a-
Ypu cant use they for an individual
Monkey see, monkey do.
Oh I thought I knew why Men became right handed 😉🙃
when our brain is not symmetrical, and process different information is that the reason why we are smart like telling similar things differences like this is big this is small this is tiny
I've sometimes thought that handedness developed as an expediency. We need to grab stuff with a hand so often that it's best to have a default idea of which hand to use, rather than having to decide in each situation. Imagine if each time you wanted to grab something you had to take a few milliseconds to think, "right or left?"  If you were fighting with someone who had already decided, he'd beat you every time. Why it's right i have no explanation for.
Brodmann area 44 is also part of Broca's area, the brain region responsible for production of speech, which is further evidence that handedness was somehow evolutionarily linked to use of language by ancestral humans
Right-handedness is directly connected to tool use. Left-handedness, creativity and martial prowess. Thus, we lefties have a right to rule over the lesser majority. You are our serfs and minions. You shall bow down to us. We are your better.
More evolution in action. The death of people with the biggest artery in the upper body not reproducing is irrefutable, this leads to the frequency
So you're saying the caveman's first girlfriend was his right hand...
This makes me feel special about being left handed
you'd think "handedness" came about as a direct result of tool use rather than some specific mutation. Cultural tendencies can also be amplified over few generations via epigenetics, which seems to play a much bigger role than genetic mutations for large, longer lived organisms than for instance insects or bacteria.
Ambidextrous gang 😝
The post should be about "Why humans became one-handed dominant," because there are not enough arguments for the decision for the right hand (except the potential comparison with kangaroos who are left-handed and don't use tools). Nevertheless, an very amusing post. Thank you.
I remember hearing that you could figure out which skeletons were archers based off on the arm bones ...i was in a discussion of medieval battlefields (and the battles). O could be misremembering or was misinformed. Still, it's interesting to consider how our daily lives are shaped by and help shape our bodies.
It all started when a guy realized that  he made a mistake. Frustrated that he was not right... He just left. ^^
Wow
Sounds like a lot of guessing to me
Kinda creeped out cuz i was just thinking about this
If too many people are left handed the advantage (of being left handed) disappears and so that is why there are not may left handers. Doesn't that contradict everything we know about evolution ?  I heard lots about when, but nothing about how. Very disppointing !
I learned nothing from this video
I was ambidextrous in my younger years, but as I started writing amd drawing, I HATED writing left handed and smearing lead or ink on the paper and myself.
My dog always pull on the door stop to open the door with her left paw.
Being left-handed is such an advantage, that there need be only 10 - 12 % of us....
I've been wondering because the narrator sounds and looks a lot like @besteverfoodreviewshow ? Are you related to him?
I'm left handed but I use my right hand for pretty much everything but writing. I just did things the way ppl taught me to and it was always the right handed way. I even kick with my right foot - but I can do all those things with my left hand/leg
"I think most would prefer to be left. But he could be right" 😅
I had a library book about the brain and handedness once, and it said that research shows that we do various tasks with our right OR our left hand, and we do not know ahead of time which hand we will use for a certain task.  Sure, we pay attention to which hand we write with, but what hand do you use to tie your shoes?  To floss your teeth?  Me, I used to wear contact lenses, and I cleaned them with my right hand and inserted them with my left.  And I didn't notice for years that I was switching hands.  Handedness is over-rated.
What about all of the accounts of left-handed people being persecuted? I'm pretty sure people are mostly right-handed due culture and war
here is a question, why are some skaters/surfers "goofy" (right foot forward) It just seems to me, at least anecdotally, and from my personal observations, goofy-footedness (and left-handedness) exists in a higher percentage of surfers and skaters, than what I see among the non skating population. I'm not sure the percentage of leftys in the human population, but at any given session 20% - 30% of the folks skating gonna be goofy? Maybe if you skate and surf, your brain is just going to be less bifurcated to begin with, whether your left or right foot is forward?
Most of my family members are either lefties or ambidextrous. We have always been very careful of who we sit next to during gatherings like Christmas and birthdays, so that we don't constantly bump into each others when eating. We have a lefties and a righties side of the table. I only very realized that it was an abnormal thing to think of. I went out with a group of friends and asked if we should organize the table according to hand preferences. They were all right handed lol
The war between the lefties and righties was fierce
They say left handed people are the only ones in our right mind
My Mother is left handed and at the time she was in school it was seen as a bad thing or mental illness, so they tried to correct this "flaw" with punishments. Didn't work, she is still left handed 😅
I would like study ZR/T left eye dominance I doubt could be done
Your left hand should be most of the control with a knife. (When right handed) You should move the food and hold it with the left. Right (or non dominant depending) should only be moving the blade in one small section. The chop or slice should be the ONLY thing the dominant should be doing. Most of the work and maneuvering should be done with the non dominant hand.
IM.  BLIND   IN. MY.  RIGHT   EYE.  I.  NOW.  FAVOR.   MY.  LEFT.  HAND.  TO.  DO.   MOST.   OF.  MY.   WORK
0:03 Once there was a caveman from Nantucket...
Nice, thank you, that's why I eat and write with the left, and can use scissors with my right
I'm ambidextrous but lean more to right hand, but I always wondered if my ambidextrousness was due to the fact I've been playing piano and harp since very young and am now a professional musician? Since both piano and harp require very similar outputs between both hands with hand and fingers moving independently more often than not?
I'm ambidextrous.
Of course there's a right way to be human. Have you heard of transposition of the great vessels?
My grandma said left handed people were children of the devil lol so that made my left handed sister feel a little conflicted
Cats even have handedness. Although there it has something to do with sex too.
Anyone else between 25-30 that got beat in catholic school for being left handed? I’m 30 and ambidextrous but left hand dominant. Pretty sure it’s the last of us that actually got physical punishment for using our left hands.
Does the evolution of left or right handedness has something to do with the position of human heart in the left side of the body?
"TAKE MY STRONG HAND!!"
Some chimp troops are predominantly left handed, others right.
I was interested in what you were saying but you repeated yourself way to much. The first 6 minutes are basically the same three things repeated. After you said for the third time that we're different from chimpanzee ecc ecc i quitted. I understand that you have to make the video longer but still me, pretty high, got annoyed watching it
Ambidextrous Gang!
Write left, paddle/racket sports left and right but prefer left, basketball right, baseball right,golf/hockey right
Left-handed, grey-eyed, ginger woman here (apparently a rare critter, according to some, lol).  Since dominant forelimbs in mammals and other vertebrates was mentioned, here are observations regarding avians: they, too, appear to have a dominant foot. And, there's an indication that it impacts how they prefer to interact with humans (avians living in captivity).   I began observing this in avians kept as companion animals over the course of many years, and because they were the object of my interest, and I am left-handed, I wondered about them, too.   Nine species of parrot and one domesticated breed of duck later, I did notice patterns.  What I qualified as left/right dominant for each avian consisted of 2 distinct categories:  1) The preferred foot first extended for most activities, including stepping onto a human hand or arm, or holding and manipulating objects, like food. 2) The preferred human hand for interaction with each avian.  Because all the birds, with exception of the Pekin ducks (2 individuals) and 1 individual Cockatiel, American Budgerigar, and Scarlet macaw, respectively, lived with other humans prior to residing with me, and my right-handed spouse, this provided interesting results.   Most of the parrots exhibited a consistent and overwhelming use of dominant foot with stepping, holding, and defense (pushing another bird away, for example).  The next observation was interesting, because some of the birds had first lived with my right-handed spouse, and came to know me later, or vice versa.   The birds showed an absolute preference in terms of which hand we as humans offered food, a step up, or grooming and petting of their heads.   If we offered the "other" hand, the macaws, Senegal, 2 Budgerigars, and both ducks either hesitated, waited, or pushed our hand away (with ther bills), refusing our approach.   Switching our hand to match their dominant-sided foot proved notable, and I found out my right-handed spouse had noticed this before I'd discussed my own observations of the birds with him.   He found himself naturally switching hands to approach each bird to avoid "misinterpretation" by individual birds.   I myself had noted the same thing, and in discussing it, realized that the pstticines residing with us appeared to be largely Left-dominant in their own use of limbs.   We noted that both ducks, which were acquired at 3 days of age and imprinted on me, but also interacted with my spouse a great deal, showed the same preferences when we picked them up, petted them, swam with them, or gave treats.   While dominant foot in avians didn't seem surprising to us, the added element of requiring us as humans to use the "correct hand" to approach them added an additional layer of insight for us, since they were requiring us to adapt to their preference, regardless of our own hand-side dominance.     Below are my observations from journals and notes.  * = did not reside with other humans during lifetime  Pekin duck 1 - Left Pekin duck 2 - Right Cockatiel 1 - Left Cockatiel 2 - Right Budgerigar 1 - Left Budgerigar 2 - Left* Budgerigar 3 - Right Budgerigar 4 - Left  Budgerigar 5 - Left (disfigured legs and feet due to neglect and abuse) Budgerigar 6 - Right  Budgerigar 7 - Left  Scarlet macaw - Left* Blue & Gold macaw - Left  Senegal parrot - Left  Golden-capped conure - Right   Blue-crowned conure - Right Nanday Conure - Right Indian Ringneck parrot 1 - Right Indian Rigneck parrot 2 - Left
Is it not what side you lay whilst developing in the womb, a different blood circulation?
Most female cats are left paw dominant
Truest quote ever “there is no right way to be human“
Fascinating!
Handedness is often hereditary, like my case I inherited being left handed from my father. it's like the saying says, "left handed people are in their right mind".
Curious to see if there’s other right handed writers that also kick lefty?
I'm right-handed, according to penmanship. Ma precision hand is my left hand and i do everything else better with my left! (Mom, Dad, and sister are left handed). I longer to be a lefty!! I foght southpaw too😂
I use this reference during the Ice Age segment of my novel. Its a good thing this video was uploaded mere weeks before I sent it off otherwise I would have missed out!
wouldn't they have cleaned the hide up down rather than left right ?
Sinister!
Left Hand Mafia
l am ambidextrous. l guess I'm an alien😊
My cat has a dominant side, everytime he attacks me using the right front leg.. sure he can attack with the other legs too (if needed) but always his first choice will be the right front leg.
Because the heart is on the left-hand side
The belief that the left part of the brain control the right part of the body and vice versa has been debunked. And more scientists are turning away from that idea. When writing or moving objects with with hand, scans show the entire brain is sending electrical signals.
I write with my left hand but use strength with my right hand. Just like my dad. Funny how this stuff works. All my fine motor skills are left sided but gross motor skills are right sided.
The answer is women
My theory about the right hand is as follows. During hand-to-hand combat, the probability of being killed is much higher for a left-handed person. Suppose two people quarreled with a sharp killing tool, so the right-handed person has a greater chance of surviving than the left-handed one, because the side of the heart is very close to the stab.
I use my middle hand the most and I ain't talkin bout my teeth.......POW!
This is suggesting that Neanderthal was the closest relative or missing link from chimpanzees to Homo sapiens. The missing link was homo habilis. The first evidence of homo habilis was found in sub-Saharan Africa.
There could also be another point added that i just thought of: Wernicke's and Broca's regions (language centers) are mostly located in the left hemisphere. Our lingual abilities could also be linked to hemispheral dominance in humans.   Evolution may have favoured left hemisphere for some reason.  Specialized areas for tasks like tool making, language comprehension and communication seem to be located in left side more..
Perhaps something to do with eye dominance is part of the equation.
My 3rd grade teacher embarrassed me so bad, we used to check each others math test, the girl whose paper I checked started crying because "the checks" were backwards, instead of using this as a teaching moment, she yelled at me saying why would you mess up her paper..tragic🤣🤣
Nah, is just a matter of chosing one side to specialize, specializing both sides would be a waste of time so most people don't do it but it can be done, we don't have preference for any side.
Because left-handed knife or sword fighters expose their heart toward the enemy and are more likely to be killed that way
Has anyone considered maybe some ancient hominid lost their right hand, had to adapt to using their left hand and from there passed on the trait?
No one ever wants to arm wrestle a lefty, nor sword fight, or fight in general.
Isn't left side of the brain responsible for language/communication? And isn't the left side of the brain controlling the right hand? Is there a connection between language/communication development and the right hand?
Essentially, only left handed people are in their RIGHT minds..
😂😂😂😂
top comments are excellent. I can't read them all.  I think this is also cultural, as teachers or older people teach children which hand to use.  I remember as a kid that I have no dominant hand, I used to try write with left or right hands, albeit crudely,  until teachers forced me to use the right and still with ugly hand writing.😅😅
Right hand superiority
Ambidextrous gang????
Found in this video (paraphrasing here): So asymmetry is pretty extreme in humans...AND THIS IS WHY WE PREFER ONE HAND OVER THE OTHER.    This statement does not reveal any causology.  You might as well have said "humans prefer being right handed, and this is why we prefer being right handed."  How does such a meaningless assertion make it into this otherwise fine series?  Now I'm left wondering how humans became right handed, because, although the video purports to answer the question, it mocks it.  Also:  We didn't "split" from chimpanzees. We and chimpanzees have a common ancestor.  We weren't first chimpanzees and then became humans.  We were that common ancestor.
You forgot the most important advantage.  Lsft handed people are far more likely to be highly intelligent.
we're mostly right-handed because this hand is further away from the hearth
Enthusiastic primal grunt for the lefties!
Both hand gang
I am a cookie floating in placenta.
Rocky was left handed
Nuns with rulers???
I prefer to use both hands, just in case one of them get taken out in some freak accident.
Noen kulturer spiser av, med venstre  hånd, og bruker høgre etter bommelom på toalettet.
Tror høyrehånda dominans kommer av at det er lettest og naturlig pga. anatomi ved kolon og rensing etter avføring å bruke høgre hånd til å tørke seg ( skrape) tidligere,
I'm left handed like my dad. ❤ My grandmother used to hate it when I started doing things with my left hand but slowly she got used to it.
It is striking that one of the highest performing drummers in rock, Ian Paice of Deep Purple, is left-handed.   Can anyone else think of left handed drummers?  Of course, drummers strive to be ambidextrous because one's playing can be so different and more comples
respect to the OG Humans with no social media to share their story. imagine a time where youre scraping animal flesh across your teeth, opening cuts in your gums along the way. immune system used to hit SO different.
This guys suppositions are not smart
Being lefthanded is an advantage against someone who doesn't know you're lefthanded
What if we (most of us) developed right handedness because our right arms/hands were habitually ahead in feeling our mom's heart while we were being fed?
"70 to 90%, to be exact?" 🤔
Let’s just say us lefties are unique and better then righties 💯🎯
This is interesting, my father, son and boyfriend are all south paws. I’m the “mechanically  talented” female in the family, have excellent verbal skills and am the most athletic of us. I write with my right hand, sign ASL with my left hand dominant and can thread a needle with either hand. My college fencing teacher could use either hand, and it was always fun when he’d toss the foil to his left hand mid breath.
What about people who can use both pretty well? I am right hand dominate but I can use my left hand almost as well as my right. I think if I practiced a bit more I could write decently. I can perform other fine motor skills almost as well as with my right hand and I almost exclusively eat with my left hand.
By chopping off peoples left hands, burning them at the stake and calling them witches. I want reparations
lol I'm listening to this while sewing with my right hand. Oddly enough my left arm and shoulder is my carry heavy stuff side, maybe from years of keeping my right hand free to do things like open doors and such?
Angle of attack on large prey...🤔
As a lefty liiving in a right handed world, things can be frustrating.  The doors knobs are on the wrong side and those things at the bank have the pen attached on the right side making them hard to use. Even the gear shifts in cars are installed on the wrong side.
My husband is left handed, as a child he was forced by teachers to write and draw with his right hand. What a  dumb thing to have done😠
Right handedness was enforced in catholicism and christianity getting spanking for using the devils hand etc etc
Dembele disagree
lobsters seem to specialize too though no?
I am right-handed, but I always get asked n wonder why I play pool with my left hand??
Now let's beat our meat using the left hand
I'm right handed for everything except holding a pool cue; it's strange, but I simply cannot play pool right-handed.
This was very interesting to watch! I often ask myself if I'm right or left handed, while I can use both with ease and often favour my left than my right and vice versa in certain things. There some things that I do that using my left hand comes so naturally, then there's things I do naturally with my right hand. I naturally use my phone with my left hand and when I'm on a call to my left ear as well, I use a knife in my left hand and the fork in my right (funny enough I can't seem to do it the other way around 😅 (it feels extremely awkward and unnatural). I was often told as a child to use my right hand as I would often swap my hands when learning to write or to draw,  and even to use scissors (which I used and still use my left hand for - again feels natural).
I’vs been blessed to have been born a Lefty. I wouldn’t change it for the world. I do many things right handed though. I forced myself to always play as a right handed person. When i was little I didn’t know they had baseball gloves for left handed people. So i forced myself to throw with my right hand. Now i can throw and shoot baskets with both hands. People are shocked when I disclose i’m a lefty. 😛 My son is right handed but guess what? He now also uses both hands and feet to play sports. He can throw with both hands and kick with both feet. My little meanie me!
So being a lefty may give me a little more insight what I believe happened but it all starts from the beginning we're obviously it was more predominant to be right-handed from the beginning but I believe the fact that in the beginning teachers had only one method of teaching in that was the way that they did it so therefore anyone even a predominantly left-handed person would have to learn how to do things right handed by their teacher and because left-handedness for many means and almost ambidextrous ability to use both hands equally well then it was easier for them to learn to become right-handed may even be why the left-handed genes did not become more prevalent the predominance of right-handed people stymied the ability of left-handed people to gain any predominance when I was born in 1963 and growing up I had to use right-handed methods and tools including baseball gloves golf clubs but then I learned how to mirror my teachers by facing them instead of standing beside them but most of my life I was basically talk to be right handed which came in handy when I tore my left shoulder up I still believe that left-handed people have an advantage over right handed people because we use a different process in our brains for basically everything we start out on the opposite side of our brains for deduction observation action you name it everything starts differently with a left-handed person so while all the right handed people or looking one way guarantee you the left-handed person is looking the other and yes it is in our nature to be contrary to the right-handed position but I'm not talking about in anger or arbitrary ways I'm just saying that we start from a different position I don't analyze things as a right-handed person would and because 99.9% of people are right-handed they start the analytical process from the same point in their brains and Lefty's start from a typically opposing way and therefore the conclusions are typically different I believe lefties have a lot more to contribute to science and Society than we are given I think it's time for lefties to stand up and be heard and possibly take over the world you know that in the show Pinky and the Brain the brain was left-handed unfortunately I don't think Pinky had a preference and I'm sure it was because of some right-handed scientist screwed up when they made them able to talk ciao for now
0:12+ You mean they pulled the scraping tool TOWARDS their faces?  That sounds counter-intuitive: you’d only need to bash yourself once to realise it was better to scrape away from your face.  Have you looked at how modern-day indigenous people use scrapers?
I feel like being leftfooted should get more research. I always say it left footed players are just a different breed.
Religion my aunt told me she used to be left handed but the nuns literally would hit her with a yard stick till she used her right hand 😂😂 so nah
I believe that it also have its own major disadvantages when a lefty is living in an environment that strongly discourage the use of left hand (due to cultural or religion-related things) like having them learn slower, affected cognitives or something because they are forced to become a righty. The exact opposite of what's happening in 6:49.
I’m ambidextrous… ever since i was a little kid! But my parents never really knew for sure until I was 5 when I started junior AFL and was kicking the ball off both feet!
Left-handed evolutionary advantage: higher chance of being drafted by an MLB team
I’m left
There was a king who ruled the world and ordered his soldiers to kill all the lefties.. 😢 so now there are very lefties left.. 😂
Easy way to tell who is going to heaven.
*laughs in ambidextrous*
Please repeating the same thing over and over again just to stretch out the video length. How many times do you need to mention scratches on teeth?
Using a Neanderthal as an example is stupid; if you want to use this example then research should have been done in Africa to ascertain if Homo Sapians  there were left or right handed.
Eye dominance can play a role, I'm mostly right handed, shoot pistol right ha ded, but use my left eye... rifle and archery I shoot left handed because eye dominance males me shoot a let better using my left eye.
I'm cross dominant.  It depends on what I'm doing what hand I use. I can do some things with both hands. Catching and throwing for instance.  But I can only play pool with my left
I’m both because when I got into a accident when I was a child that made my dominant hand (right) useless until I got a few more surgeries and about 10 years later… I forgot how to use my right arm/hand so I just used my left… This was when I was in High School and I wanted to play sports especially basketball so that summer I started to dribble more with my right hand. I went back to school that fall and noticed I was using my hands both right and left to write and shoot basketballs which to this day astonished me… It’s crazy what the human body/mind is capable of if you just put your mind to it and practice… *I didn’t make the basketball team but I did make the varsity baseball team as a pitcher. I actually played Juco.
making me pround to be left handed
I honestly think it could be as simple as observation, me watching my teacher, parents, friends, or even people online write with their right/left hand could possibly lead to great influence over the spongy young brain.
Ambidextrous club here but teachers forced me into right hand dominant, but left hand does show up as better option for many tasks too, especially as I've grown and aged.
I can use both hands and I work in construction hammering nails or chipping if my other arm gets tired I use both hands
Lefties lol 😂
I was born left handed but my mom forced me to be right handed. Now I'm mostly ambidextrous.
We were never chimpanzees sthu
they forced clildren to use right hand..... and this because they activate some parts In the brain and human is more logical. we see in cine a lot of actors are left handed because they activate more the imagination.
What about both handedness ambidextrous cuz I am . I'm quite curious. I use both hands equally but due to arthritis I use my right hand more due to my left shaking to much now but when I was younger I wrote and used both hands perfectly
I have a friend who is dominant left handed, but learned to play guitar right handed because the only one he had available was someone else's right handed guitar.
Apparently every utterance of the word "neanderthal" I have ever heard in my life has been mispronounced.
RIGHT HANDED GANG?
I'm left handed but I write with my right. Where I went to school we were made write with the right hand. Everything else I do left handed
It’s better at 0.75x
I do everything left handed besides using scissors or holding a gun 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ lol all of my school essays were always smeared
This was fascinating. Really makes me wonder what other everyday things like this may be evolutionally influenced/shaped
Wow, I see the necklace and suddenly don't want to watch the video anymore
I didnt get this part, If lefties have an advantage in physical fights, why didnt they survive and increased their population until the world is half leftie half rightie? So did they choose their partners also leftie to keep that advantage? It also doesnt seems right because we know that these specimens wanted expand their gene pool.
Has anyone ever looked into if it might have something to do with The negative blood, being left handed!
Left handers are mutants
My mother, brother, and I are left handed.
I wonder if any bipedal dinosaurs show any signs of handedness.
I used to run a roofing crew. I would purposely hire a lefty because when coordinated with a righty things went quicker and smoother. Things like cutting off extra shingles would be done by the person more comfortable at that particular end of the roof. Sounds weird, but it helped.
i was borm righty but now am both
I heard that epilepsy is very common in ambidextrous people, more common in lefties, and relatively uncommon in righties. Kind of expected to hear about that. Or any mention of ambidexterity.
Because thats the hand they used to slap their woman & kids with.  !
“His” teeth, not “their” teeth
I write with my left hand, prefer to throw with my right hand, prefer to kick with my left foot, use scissors with my right hand, box orthodox or southpaw, catch equally, use my knife and fork equally, use tools - hammer, trowel, saw equally
I noticed that many actors are left handed, then I noticed that many artists are left handed.  I always wondered whether artisticness was a thing.
I'm pretty unique as a human being a lefthanded ginger with blue eyes
Oh yeah. One interesting point is there is a higher concentration of left handers in professional sports
I know cats can be right handed. They often choose the paw to grab or swat with and lean on the left paw. So maybe not just bipedal but front leg function has something to do with it.[ with animal that can grab]. Monkeys use tools ,wouldnt one hold a twig to eat ants have a favorite hand? If you hand one a fruit and over 90% of the time it reaches with his right is he right handed? Also I hear they throw poop...
I'm left handed and well I have no rights 😎
I remember a theory that right handed warriors carried their shield in their left hand which better protected their heart ❤
Great insight, perhaps not enough time was given to environment though. Example, as an Asian, Left-handedness is considered EVIL and was taken out of me as a small child, so I am  predominantly right-handed but lefty more than most.
maybe it's the way the earth spins lol
M’y husband was left handed but when a kid in school they tied his left hand and forced him to use his right one. Now he uses both. He’s 72
One thing I really don't understand is, why am I only lefthanded when writing and not anything else?
Humans are mostly right handed because left handedness is a vile abomination like having Ginger hair, hope this helps x
Well obviously as Homo sapiens evolved. Those who came from south of the equator. Were likely left-handed. And those who came from north of the equator were likely right-handed. I mean DUH!  It doesn't take a genius to figure that out! Sheesh!   I know a lot more than a bird! And don't want to forget it. RamyRAD
LEAVE IT TO  PBS, HAVE YOU EVER HEARD SUCH A CROCK
I think perhaps this analysis neglects an important element of handedness. I think maybe it has a lot to do with "eye-edness" which he never mentioned. All physical hand activities involve hand/eye coordination. Using a spear club or stone tool. Maybe as we stood on our two feet the eyes became far more important than in the dense jungle where hearing and smell were the dominant senses. Why the right eye would develop dominant is the real question.... who knows?
What do you mean 70-95% of us are right handed???  It's about 90%  Google it.
I was born right-handed, but became left handed by choice. (I guess im ambidextrous)
as a dog trainer (agility sports) for over 40 years, I can tell you that dogs have a preference.  I have 2 lefties, and 5 righties in my current pack.  I have to literally force the lefties to turn to the right on a course and vice versa for the righties.  So we practice twice as much turning to the non-dominant side as we do the dominant.  Given a chance (like as they cross the top of the dogwalk) my dogs will do a flying - lead change to their preferred side.
My father was left-handed, as was his father. To this day I think my brother was supposed to be left-handed, but he had his left thumb in his mouth when he was learning to write.
"70 to 95 percent, to be exact" ? LMAO
I write right handed and throw left.. anyone else?
I don’t really see how unepextedness was an evolutionary advantage for lefties. I have very limited knowledge about social interaction in early humans, but using the “wrong” hand feels like something that only humans would register, and I feel like humans didn’t have fights with an important evolutionary outcome (if someone has more knowledge on the topic, please correct me if I’m wrong!)
Gotta say ..i love being a lefty👌
What do you mean? 😁😁😁
I'm a self taught left handed... Right handed??
When horses are trained they too have a ‘left and right’.  The ideal is they can do stuff equally in either direction… but they need a little more work in one direction than the other to get equalization in both directions.
Randomization and isolation of a specific gene pool somewhere along the gene pool is my best guess.
My parents are both left handed. Me and all my siblings are right-handed. I’ve never understood that.
Very interesting but the narrator speaks too quickly.
Male cats are predominantly left handed...
Where I went to (Catholic) grade school, if the nuns caught you writing left-handed, they would club you like a baby seal, with one of those huge oak poles with a brass hook on the end, that the classrooms had for opening windows.
Being right handed is a choice.
So redundant. The narration over-excited. Adults don't require that much energy. (But, maybe this wasn't meant for adults.)
Southpaw boxing and MMA  comments by the narrator just proved they have no idea WTF they are talking out ...SSSHHHHHH
Chimps split from us
Handness?? You mean dexterity??
I’m left-handed and two out of three of my kids are also left-handed.
I've been right handed all my life until now, because I have non union in my wrist.
Another non biblical bunch of bull crap
NOT TRUE...DOGS AND CATS ARE EITHER RIGHT OR LEFT FRONT PAWED
My dad is left handed I am left handed (really ambidextrous) and 2/3 of my kids are left handed
Inconclusive without the acknowledgement of Afrikans being the first hue'mans. That's thousands of years of human contribution.
I’m left handed:)
Somewhere in my dim past (I'm 63), I read that the Phoenicians (circa 1200 B.C.E.) were primarily left-handed, and somewhere during the "dark ages" that started in the 1100s B.C.E, people switched to being right-handed.   Wish I knew where I had read that now - I think it was during my college years, in the 1980s.
This is absolutely fascinating, but I still like the "theory" that says I'm a lefty because I ate my twin while still in the womb.
Does having a right handed dominate population result in how we decided to write?  I know being left handed,  I hated that my pinky drug across the ink and smeared it.
I like to think my common ancestors are bonobos.
Left handed people are the players,  right handed people are the non player characters.
I write with my left hand out of spite. When I was a kid I could write with both and a teacher made me pick one so I picked left out of spite
So you don't know why most people are right handed?? Why waste time with misleading headlines??
I’m a lefty. When I was growing up, my parents wanted me to do some Japanese Calligraphy.  The class they sent me to forced me to write as a righty.  It’s nearly impossible to write anything as a lefty. The strokes and the way that you write and kanji matters. Being a lefty, you can’t get that quintessential look of Japanese calligraphy.  It’s truly sucked.  I remember just switching back to writing lefty, it looks bad with either hand anyways, so who cares. I got kicked out for not listening. 😂
I am ambidextrous. I'm not great at darts, but sometimes for fun I'll play my left hand vs. my right hand and can entertain myself for hours that way
My son has an ultra rare neurodevelopmental disorder called Xia-Gibbs Syndrome. There are approximately 400 people in the world to have been diagnosed and about half that is in a closed support group whose members are all part of the XGS Patient Registry.  I made it a point to find out handedness of the other XG patients and all but 5 (so far) are LEFT handed. Now, to be fair, most the kids can't actually write, but their handedness is obvious from early on.   I would LOVE somebody to find out WHY.
Aren't female cats right pawed and male cats left pawed?
And how about the people who are right handed and left footed? (Or vice versa, I say this way cause my brother is
Excuse me, he lived where now?!
Because people scratch their teeth with tools all the time.. this sounds like the usual archeologist drivel... people that have never used an actual too in their life thinking man is scraping their teeth while cleaning skins. We need to have a calculus math requirement for ANYONE achieving a PhD. It would weed out a lot of the chaff.. and quiet down a lot of this.
Left handed gang🎉
<—Southpaw I figured right domination was was due to stone tools.  Being a leftie, and a stone hound, I’ve noticed that all stones have a curve to them. {Mostly from the material spiraling as a liquid before solidifying.   I met a flint napper making arrowheads, he tried to teach me but the curvature of each stone was in the wrong direction for me to effectively nap.   Also, these stones, once affixed to shafts for arrows and spears would want to spiral through the air in a certain direction.   When I try to throw a spear my left hand naturally gives the shaft a turn in the wrong direction.   While I’m here… Knives are serrated on the wrong side, Brooms twirl off the stick, And Ice cream scoops with the thumb mechanism to empty the scoop are useless to lefties. 😳 That’s just plain cruel.
Sooo..., I did NOT learn how we became right-handed :/
chop like that she'll lose her fingers.  and perhaps kangaroos became predominately lefties because they live in the south.
Teachers started forcing kids to learn to be right handed, for reasons I believe are for when you have a stroke it won't leave you useless, you can still write your name. My brother was a left.
What hand you use is determined by both genes and watching your parents as a child.
Just goes to show the struggle of left handed goes back to the start even the rocks where right handed
2:34 random chimp event
So that makes me wonder why can’t I write with my left hand and throw or bat with my right hand. Can someone help me out 🤔
How come I throw a ball with my right hand but use a pen with my left??? I think I was bit by a spider and  now I'm a Superhero!!!  Oh and ahhh... That ain't web... lol
Did he answer the question? I didn't get it.
There is a distinct left-handed advantage in sword combat.
I’m a lefty, so are two of my three brothers. And my dad is too.
I guess I'm part of the 5% who don't really have a dominant hand. I write left handed and eat left handed. In baseball I throw right handed and bat right handed. In high school I had to take tennis in gym class and I served right handed and then played left handed. My gym teacher kept yelling at me to stop doing that but I told him that's just the way I'm built.  One of the weirdest things I do is that I use a hammer left handed BUT if I accidently hurt myself and get mad, I switch the hammer to my right hand and then throw it down out of anger.
We are right handed because that obviously the correct option… People out here being left handed are just missing a software update or something…
in school it was beat out of people for being a lefty. Not to long before I was born. Lefties will be popping up more now since religion isn't enforcing only right handed learning I  school anymore.
crustaceans are also very one-side-handed
My sister was born a lefty. But when she started writing, she wrote upside and backwards. That is what she put on paper was not only mirror writing, but also inverted vertically. It scared me dad so much, he taught her to write right handed. To this day, she writes mostly right handed, but does most other things left handed. Fortunately it did cause her to stutter like I have heard it can when someone is forced to change.
I’m a lefty
Me and my wife are left handed but both our children are right handed
I’ve never watched a video that repeated itself so much, yet said so little. Halfway through I said to myself “I bet they’ve done this just to hit the 10 min mark”, I was spot on. Not even 1 second longer. So a 4 minute video essay was extended by repeating the exact same thing over and over in different ways.
If we evolved from monkeys why are there Still monkeys..... explain that loony scientists
I am one of four siblings, all female at birth. Half of us, including me, are left-handed. Now I have three children, all male at birth, and two are primarily left-handed. If that isn't suggestive of a genetic predisposition, I'm not sure what would indicate such a tendency.  It did mean that I always had to sit next to my lefty sister at the dinner table, which really stunk at the time 😜
There is an opossum that has been visiting our compost bucket for several years. Every time we see the wily little beastie, they are holding their pilfered apple core or carrot end with their left hand. A left handed marsupial isn't something you see every day! 😂
My grandma was originally left handed, but was switched by her teacher. So all her 4 kids were right handed. Then came along her 4 grandchildren. All left handed! Now her 4 great grand children are right handed. I had hoped for one lefty :)
I am left handed. Both parents and all siblings righties. I married a left handed person and our two children are both righties 🤷‍♀️. I think recessive genes also tend to appear together - I am also a redhead.
As a lefty I find this offensive 😆
I must be wierd being left handed but also right footed lol
Lost presenter
Just an added note...it's interesting that out of 45 presidents of the US, eight of them have been left-handed, six of those having been after WWII. This is a fairly high percentage based on the percentage of the general population.  The percentage of the general population is however inaccurate in the US because of the period of time that children were forced to learn to write with the right hand regardless of natural tendencies....but it's still not inaccurate enough to alter the percentage significantly.  There does seem to be a certain personality type that also tends to be left-handed, however, that gets into a much more complicated discussion.  It's really fascinating.
I was forced to be right handed by my falsely religious dad. I hate when ppl think this makes you more likely to be ambidextrous or something, it just makes you awkward because you naturally want to favor or do things with your left hand, but you’re not left handed anymore, you’re right handed and don’t have the real ability anymore with your left hand but still have the automatic favoring of that hand.
The cave of the hands HAD hands from 7000 BC. Then it was vandalized, repainted over. Search for "Alén luz de luna". The painted over to film a scene inside the cave.
I played competitive tennis most of my life. I’m a righty.  Lefties definitely have an advantage in tennis.
The handedness has other signs for people!!! The dominance of the eyes usually goes with the dominance of the hand.... also the crown swirl of hair has been pointed out to do the same.... Left handed people are smarter/and more creative over all in the population... When looking at the person facing you they at first they look to be righted handed by via mirror image.... A lot of lefties have more mental health problems!!!
I was born leftie, my dad forced me to use my right now I'm ambi
my man and i are both left handed, so i was curious. cool video.
My cousin and I are the only lefties I know about in our family. I am exclusively a leftie and actually left footed as well. I always start off walking with my left foot, always put my left pant leg on first, left shoe on first, lay on my left side sleeping. I AM A LEFTIE through and through 😀
What is the evolutionary benefit of handedness?
Even dogs have handedness when shaking a paw, they'll predominantly use one over another. It's not so rare.
Humans and chimpanzees are both descended from an upright-walking ape. Knuckle-walking is an evolutionary adaptation from upright walking to move quickly through a tangled jungle without the risk of tripping over roots, stones or fallen branches. Human beings evolved on arid plains and retained the upright gait.
It says handedness may be connected to bipedalism; but I noticed when I trained my dogs to shake and to roll over, that they had preferred paws to shake with, and very strongly preferred directions to roll over in.
Well, that explained nothing(!)
I have to use my left for calligraphy. I grew up in a house where all the doorknobs were on the right side when leaving I'm mostly use my left due to a right elbow injury
Three of the four pet guinea pigs I've had in modern times had a dominant front paw. That 'hand' would have much shorter nails. Two righties and one leftie.
Hahah Twrecks
both boxers were right handed 👎
I'm left handed and my son is as well. I have always had a really good memory.  It helped me in school.
Or...maybe we didn't split at all.
What dark magic is this, that allows a trait that infers a survival advantage to be less prevalent in the population? It's a quasi-plausible argument but dozens of other factors could be at play. Perhaps greater lateralization gives righties advantages more useful than winning fights.  See about 7:33.
What happens when you are both handed in certain skills, like writing or sports?
Where is this neanthertal, I cant seem to find him, maybe that concept is erroneous
Maybe, instead of just waving that vague phrase "evolutionary advantage" around, it was simply the case that once our forelimbs were freed from walking (or swinging), they were no longer required by circumstance to be even-handed, and so went over to one side. Since there is equally no requirement for the lateralisation to be absolute, some left-handed people remain. Why lateralise at all? The universe itself is asymmetric. It just is that way.
I'm one of the rarest, cross handed dominant.
I am a lefty who when giving directions has to look at my left hand before I point right 😮when I am in a passenger seat I point left with my right and say turn right here .what are the odds on that😊 My take on this video is that the right hand doesn’t know what the left hand is doing..😂 I have a question about left brain controlled people and right brain controlled people 🤔 Recently I read  lists of characteristics for both sides. I found it confusing as I identified with characteristics for both sides does that mean my connections are scrambled.😳or is there a mid brain hid in my head🥺
In Split brain patients the left hemisphere also becomes the dominant one. I don't recall how that is different with lefties as the documentary didn't focus on that.
lollington,......a caveman in croatia,.......lol,.........i know, i know its satire,.........
I'm left-handed when I eat, write, bowl. But when I dabbled with playing the guitar, I played right-handed. There are some things I do better with my right than with my left, and vice versa, but they're completely different tasks. My brother, as a baby, would watch me, and copy what I did. My dad, for whatever reason, would get onto him, telling him to use his right hand. Now my brother's a righty. I think, if left to his own devices, he might not have been.
For most of my life, I was the only left-hander in all my extended family. I was SO happy when one of my nephews turned out to be a leftie. 🥰 (I did recently learn that one of my aunts is, in fact, a leftie too,  but she was forced to become a rightie).
I think the reason for left handers is witchcraft and devil worship. Obviously
left spends their time studying thing that don't matter just to get grant money
I am left-handed. Neither parents were left-handed, nor is my only sibling. My eldest aunt is left-handed, however.
I'm left handed but had to acquire intricate movements with my right hand for playing the piano. This for a time caused me to develop a stammer perhaps suggesting that handedness is somehow linked to the development of speech.  On a light note, I must say I liked the trendy haircut, trimmed beard and beautifully manicured fingernails of the neanderthal man in the video!
Everyone knows that left-handedness is a sign of the devil or demonic possession. Or so said sister Ursula at the convent...
As a lefty it’s sucked writing in school
Too-much idle time... 🤗
I’m right handed, but tbh I’m kinda ambidextrous cause i can use my left hand for alot of things
Because neanderthal women yelled at neanderthal men. Devonian women kept their mouths shut. Devonians were ambidextrous.
"Kangaroo's are left handed and don't use tools"  Me: so i have found my people
Lefties are smarter, taller, and better looking. That is a verifiable fact.
Oh no! Those poor Neanderthals. Not only did they not have any proper tools or any dentists, but they had to scrape a raw hide for hours, chipping their teeth. 😭 And they are extinct, too.
I'm a lefty, but would play golf, cricket or baseball right-handed.
I’m a Lefty, I’ve always been ridiculously proud of being a Lefty. It’s not mutation, it’s Evolution ✋
I'm left-handed, my dad is left-handed and my son is also left-handed - so yeah, I can well believe there's a hereditary element to it. However, living in a predominantly right-handed world has forced me to adapt to some things with varying degrees of success. I actually can't use scissors left-handed at all, and I also use my right hand for computer mice. However, the latter REALLY messes me up for using graphics tablets where what you're drawing shows up on your computer screen but not the tablet itself, because I'm torn between two instincts; I draw, paint and write with my left hand, but I'm looking at the paper while I do that, whereas with a mouse I'm using my right hand but looking up at the screen. Trying to draw/paint with that kind of graphics software is an unholy alliance between those two things; my 'drawing hand' won't sync with looking up at the screen instead of down at the paper, but I don't have the necessary precision to draw anything with my 'mouse hand.' Needless to say, I have the coordination of a drunk chimpanzee whenever I try to create something from scratch. And don't even get me started on using cutlery when I'm eating..!
Excellent video. One small niggle, though: we did not descend from chimpanzees themselves, but an ancestor common to both of us.
6:40: that left lefties developed, doesn't necessarily means that there was an advantage. As evolution works with mutations, the development of being left-handed was enough to just not be a disadvantage.
Gracile chimpanzees (benobos) make stone knives. See 'Kanze'.
I was born left-handed, but my parents didn’t have any money and I had to use my brothers glove growing up playing baseball so I learn to do everything with both hands
Part of that made no sense to me. Left-handedness is an advantage but it didn't become widespread because then left-handedness would lose it's advantage of surprise??? That seems to run counter to the very basic principle of evolution where winning a battle and being left alive to procreate means there will be more of your genes in the gene pool.
When I was a child I was left handed. Then in my first year of kindergarten I tripped on my shoe laces and broke my left arm. My teacher the taught me to use my right hand for everything, 30 years later I am still right handed. I'd be interested in seeing what my brain looks like in a scan as a "right brained" right hander
In the creative trades left handedness can be dominate. I was at a blacksmithing meet a number of years go. Six out of the eleven people were left handed. When I was an apprentice two of the three people in the shop were left handed.
Seeing as most of us Europeans have Neanderthal DNA, are we really surprised that we too use our right hand, mostly. I believe even Africans have some Neanderthal DNA too.
Lefties tend to do great things with their lives.. just saying ... I mean it's not something that is proven.. left-hand  here doing great things .. I use both .. but definitely prefer the left
I’m left handed, my wife thinks I’m a tool.
This is THE question that needed answered...
I'm a right handed.😆
Im a strange child. I eat, write and do fine work with my left but I throw, bat and play hockey right.....   Im all mixed up !!!!
I'm a Southpaw. I'm in the minority.  I live in a world that's bassackwards to me. Scissors & Can Openers are the worst.....the left-handed scissors don't work, and left-handed can openers don't exist, as far as I am aware.....if they do exist, I doubt they work.....
Neanderthals have bad habits like biting their right finger nails
I want to know why our organs are placed the way they are. Like has anyone been born with organs in the opposite placement...ie heart on the right, liver on left?
As a proud leftie.. very fascinating
👍👍😎✌️🤟
Rocky Balboa was a southpaw.
Heard somewhere that left handed has shorter life expectancy…perhaps the close proximity to the heart…?
neanderthals are less common in hominoid dna than being left handed, some have managed to survive alongside us like hillbilly marge greene.
The best thing about the video is the pun at the end 🤣🤣
The world is built for right handed people, its not that people are automatically right handed its that left handed people have to adjust to a right handed world.   In less enlightened times being left handed was seen as sinister and diabolical by society, no wonder people trained themselves to be right handed.
How do you explain the twins, one being right handed the other left handed, always.
I think an important issue determining handedness that is not considered here is eye dominance! This trait developed long before handedness I believe  because it is a part of how we see. But when we started throwing things and trying to hit what we see it became necessary to throw with the hand behind your dominant eye . So for whatever reason most people are right eye dominant and handedness followed. At least that’s my feeling.
is it rilly pronounsed NeanderTALL ? i allways sead "thall"
You were RIGHT on with this video but I was LEFT wanting more.
Hard-core southpaw here. Wouldn't change a thing. I just do stuff backwards and upside down. I do them well, too. I'm awful glad we don't get burnt as witches any more.
This is PBS so it clearly leans to the left
Some current information suggests that walking upright was part of the Human lineage before the split between prehumans and Chimpanzees. And that knuckle-walking was reintroduced to chimpanzees, while the prehuman simply continued walking upright.
3:25 conveniently placed ear
So you don't really explain how, you just end up saying "we don't know".
Humans are right handed because the teacher wouldn't allow the use of the left hand.
VERY nicely narrated.
I don't understand the kangaroo thing. No other species demonstrates handedness, but most kangaroos are left handed?
Celebrate your left handedness. We're right minded.
Right hand just feels better. Its always awkward when I use my left, its stranger to me.
Not persuasive.
It's my experience that any "dominant hand skill" that you first learn with your non dominant hand, your dominant hand will automatically learn that skill.  I'm a welder of 30+ years, and I was advised by an old timer to first learn to weld with my non dominant hand, and sure enough, once I learned to weld with my left hand (non dominant, in my case), I could easily weld with my right.  Over the years I've become ambidextrous at pretty much everything.  It just seems like unlocking a part of the brain, and how you perceive your body.  For an opposite example, in boxing after learning technique in the mirror as a rightie, and watching my reverse image in the mirror, I easily transitioned to a lefty boxer after watching the lefty version of myself in the mirror for so many hours.  Switching to southpaw, my reflection was now a rightie, and having already learned stance, bobbing weaving, and punches/combinations as a rightie, it was easy to make my rightie reflection perform all of these techniques from a southpaw stance.  It's become so natural that I forget which stance I'm in, as me and my reflection just kind of become "one".  There were certain things as a rightie that I always naturally did left handed, such as shoot a bow and arrow, use a hockey stick, etc... perhaps I was somewhat randomly ambidextrous to begin with, so maybe that accounts for some of this.  I can also write left handed pretty easily, and can write backwards with my left very easily, but cannot write backwards with my right without concentrating on it.  I'm just so fascinating!  😉
Really, PBS? I can answer that question easily: BY FORCE. Left handed people were brutally abused into going right handed. Or killed. Thank abrahamic block religions for it.  Now you know. No, there's no anthropology reason beside that. They're trying to wash out the bad of religions.
Please update your podcast as I love listening to these videos on there too!  Especially when I'm driving.
Here's my conundrum as a right handed musician, when I play guitar my left hand does fine on the fretboard but I have problems with fingerstyle with my right hand, on the piano it's the opposite, my right hand is fluid but my left hand lags behind, makes little sense to me.
Interesting video too bad this guy is attempting to speak at warp speed 😏
right side we have heart... And if people do most work from left.. People can have heart attack...read hinduism and sanatan veda and science.. You will get answer
I don't have hands
I think the little story about Neanderthal teeth scratches is a pretty far stretch...I mean...how many times do you have to accidently hit yourself in the face before you learn a different technique?
How humans became mostly right handed? Because our ancestors were mostly right handed...here is the evidence. I thought you'll give a better answer to the title question.
I read that it was caused by a group of prehistoric Roman Catholic nuns with rulers.
I have a hypothesis that handedness is mostly directly tied to ocular dominance.  Mostly people are right-eye dominant and right-hand dominant. And it’s much easier to be same-side dominant rather than cross dominate, especially when using something like a blowgun, atlatl, spear, bow/arrow, or gun. People who are left-eye dominant and right-handed have a real hard time aiming guns accurately, for instance. People who are same-side dominate are going to be much better/more successful hunters. Thus, there’s evolutionary pressure to be same-side dominate.   So the more foundational question is - Why are most people right eye dominate?
needed to keep the left hand without caluses for the banana
0:40 In my experience, most horses are definitely left-“handed”, in that the majority of horses I’ve known prefer to canter on the left lead when cantering in a straight line (with or without a rider). Again, also just my experience only, but for me most horses are more reluctant to pick up their right-lead canter and more willing to pick up their left-lead canter. They also seem to bend easier to left, in general, than the right.
Kyrie broke the code
My daughter was both,  so wasn't her uncle, her daddy's brother...I was so excited, but when she went to school, the teachers made her  Always use her right, I was pissed, instead of embraceing her gift. Teachers made her change it 🤨. Oh I was pissed and let it be known, now she's a permit right, love it but both would have been amazing
We did not come from chimps. I'm naturally lefthanded and the only one in my family.
My parents -- both left-handed -- produced 3 right-handed children.  Isn't that odd?  Or does the human tendency toward right-handedness override inherited probabilities for handedness?
I am surprised that eye dominance wasn't mentioned because there is usually a correlation between the two. When aiming and throwing and other handed activities, having your dominant eye towards the front is a huge advantage.
The real info starts after five minutes of video, and ends 8'30"
They say us lefties tend to be more creative and I have to say that I have noticed an awful lot of actors seem to be lefty. You can tell especially when they use a weapon. It's... a surprisingly high ratio.
I use both, I am left handed for some things and right handed for others, And can write with both. But I do prefer my right hand. Baseball I can hit right handed or left handed.
Going to university and having to be segregated into the "leftie desks" on the corners makes me feel like a second class citizen. LEFTIES RISE UP!! WE STRIKE AT DAWN
You called this exactly as playing on the ground right now.
Split from chimpanzees they’ll never give this up 🥱
I write with my left hand.
Speculations and fog of wandered thoughts. Waste of time.
I'm left handed. but, I can only use scissors with my right hand.
Are Brits left handed since their cars are operated on the right side ...especially with manual transmissions?
At around 5 minutes into the video, the Narrator talks about our chimpanzee ancestors.... that's not correct... Humans and chimpanzees share a common ancestor.... we did NOT evolve from chimpanzees
I was a lefty at birth and broke my left thumb around the age of 5 so I had to use my right hand to learn how to write. Later on, I learned how to use my left hand for writing and sports, but can do either one, same with my feet.
The epstine mob did it
DNA only contains information for encoding one side of the body, and instructions for flipping and modifying it to create the other side. The first side (you) is the left side. The second side (spare) is the right, You send your spare into battle first. When you eat, you use your spare hand to feed the prime, or first, or right (left) side of your mouth,
THE SOUTHPAW ADVANTAGE 👊🏾 (The fist emoji is lefty)
I am a left-handed woman. My aunt is also left-handed and now we have left-handed children. There’s always diversity in nature especially in humans. We have two hands, it just makes sense that some people would use the left one. We are a minority as I understood when using the Green coated scissors in kindergarten and other left-handed things in school. No one told me I was wrong because when I was a baby and my grandmother wanted me to feed myself with the tiny baby spoon I always grabbed it with my left hand. As she always gave it to me in my right hand and I always switched it into my left hand before trying to use it she became convinced I was a left-handed girl. And once she was convinced she would not let anyone in the family try to make me right handed. I really love my grandmother, bless her soul.
Lefties are the besties 😁
Love these videos. N we can be ambidextrous as well which is the rarest
Are you sure it wasn’t from all of the catholic nuns slapping our ancestors on the left hand every time they tried to use it?
I am mostly right handed except when it comes to swinging the cricket bat. Being a left handed batter has a lot of advantages
nowadays we are forced to choose left or right. this whole video hang on to the fact we are related to chimps. which we are not. we are mammals and we share alot of traits with our ancestor the mammals. to signal out anyone of them is bias and narrow minded
I’m sexually attracted to my right hand..✊🌭
Lefty here
learned almost nothing, thanks
And why did we used the right hand for tools? The video dont answer the question.
I’m right handed in most “tools” applications but typically do sports left handed: ice hockey shoot left. Golf left. Baseball left (can switch to right but not as well.) Skateboard and Snowboard left (goofy.) Catch left.  Is that abnormal.
Macklemore career not going well
It really has to do with the way the earth spins Oh wait that is why flushed toilet water spins mostly to the right
I’m left handed but use my right hand and right leg when playing sports but the coordination in my left hand and leg is just as equal when playing sports. Only lefty in my family of 8
What a waste of time this was. You didn't have to make a video if you had nothing to say.
Y’all still believe we was Monkeys huh 😑🥱 I’m out
Imagine all this intellectual banter on why we are right handed just to learn that some time, on the African savannah, our predecessors passed the time by sitting on their left hands and giving themselves the "stranger" treatment.
When I was young, there was a trend in Russian school system to "switch" lefties to write with the right hand. It was explained that usually lefties have bad posture when they are writing, and all that stuff. So I was "switched" from my dominant left hand to right, but it only made me truly ambidexterous, because, well, you can't just switch your brain like that. I am glad that now this trend is long gone and that my children would not be forced to become ambidexterous. But I should admit that this "switch" made my way around scissors much, much easier.
I'm a lefty and happy to be!
🙋‍♀️ I'm Southpaw. 🙃 one down fall is trying to hug someone 😕  gotta wait to see which side the other person moves their head so not to bump or kiss the lips and not the cheek 😑 inbarrising.
Just here to say what's up to the 75-95% of us right handed, hairless apes.
My dog is definitely a righty
me being ambidextrous
One comment seems to contradict evolutionary theory. If there is a trait that has an advantage, it should lead to more offspring having that trait and advantage, not less.  It makes no evolutionary sense that left handedness is advantageous to survival (fighting), but that same advantage is what keeps that trait from becoming common.
I am a lefty, and the only problem I encounter is when I sit for a meal to the right of a right handed person.
What about 'footedness'? Everyone (or almost everyone, like with 'handedness') who plays football will have a foot preferance - often quite strongly so. It would be interesting to know what causes this, and what the relationship between 'handedness' and 'footedness' is.
Nonsense talk about south paw boxer.  Why dont start with why your heart is on the left side
Does it mean because sports have become such a business we were going to see much more left-handed?
Maybe it's a shield thing, maybe fighting with your shield on your hearts side gave you a better chance of surviving the fight?
You sure there was not any butt-wiping involved?
Exactly 10 mins hmm that’s how long u need to get paid more for a vid. Hmm I totally didn’t know everything u said. Hope you didn’t say obvious 💩 to get views…
I just noticed I had been un-subbed, so casual viewers might want to check that their subscription is still active!
my theory is that we evolved this way because our bodies are made to protect themselves and our largest vital organ in our bodies is our liver which goes along our right side.
Me and my partner are both left handed but our only daughter is right!
My daughter is a lefty and we have no idea where it came from. No one in living memory was a lefty on either side. My side provides a huge sample set (massive family) but her fathers side is small.
Left handed ❤
I was born lefthanded, but way back then it was discouraged. My parents would change my hand when I picked something up. I had a tough time learning to write and draw growing up righthanded. Just the oppisite when learning drums, since my left hand was not weak, like right handedness.
I write with my left hand & beat off with my right hand
I’m left handed
And Catholic school would hit the students if they used their left hands. The ancients in Africa were predominantly left handed as well.
Crabs are even more strongly handed than humans, because of the chirality of their mollusk prey.
Every life form is turning into crabs. Look it up
If the hands in the walls are left hand, it may show that they were using a tool with their right.
My cat is Left-Handed because that's the hand she always uses first to attack her toys.
I wonder how people have a more dominant foot though as most football players are right footed, I’d think that for most people who are right handed they’d just use the right foot and that explains it as if the dominant side trait evolved after we split from monkeys then we wouldn’t use our feet as much for holding or moving things right?
3:06 anyone else imagining that one scene from family guy when quagmire discovers what you can find on the internet
I'm right handed, but there are a couple of things I'm better at doing with my left, like typing.
I'm left hand and it is not easy
So if most hominids were right handed wouldn't it make sense that it came from an earlier common ancestor species or did I miss something important when the dog was in my face?
I have noticed that at least one fish species is probably "right-handed"!!
What if we are ambidextrous and do some tasks better with either hand?
Bunch of complete nonsense, evolution and atheism is a Fools religion.
I'm right handed and left footed
I used to be able to use both hand until my father told me that lefthanded people are dumb and beat me until I use just my right hand. I can't write with my left hand anymore.
I'm right handed,but when I used to play soccer ,I could dribble and kick better with my left foot.
Some advantages, but mostly disadvantages.
This came to my notice at a very cool time.  I had JUST been wondering about this while unable to fall asleep last night.  And here, I stumble on this video today.  How cool? :)
Growing up as a lefty, it’s normal to use my left hand to write, holding cutleries and other daily things. But people always condemning me on it bcs apparently I’m using the hand of the devil. Well, if it’s his hand, why do we have it tho? Nevertheless, some cool things happen too like when people saw I’m using the mouse with my right hand. I never realized that I’ve been doing that before they pointed it out to me
'handedness' also extends to legs too, as most football players have a preference for 1 leg over the other
Octopuses have handedness and will either prefer their left front 2 arms or their right front 2 arms. They also have a lateralness about them even though their neurons are spread across their body. They also are more likely to be right-handed,and they also use tools.
wow. just wow
I'm cross dominate, Aim with my left eye but im right handed. I fight in both right and left stances each having its own advantage and disadvantage. I wonder if being cross dominate has any affect
Polar bears are lefties.
So explain me. I am and knew for all of my life that I was ambidextrous. When I was learning to write we used pencils so it was much better to do it right handed because otherwise I would get graphite dust on my left hand. Using pens it doesn’t matter which hand I use. I can do anything with either hand equally.
I'm a left handed. I'm a kangaroo
Well... I am a left handed and I do literally nothing... Its just that it exists.. Like everyone else's ... Umm.. And also.. I am a topper of my institute.. Peace💓
I was born left handed but my grandma beat it out of me because that’s the devils hand
Its not that hard, the stupid church making stupid things.
Useless video, doesn't give the answer
Proud lefthanded guy right here.
I didn't want to watch the whole thing; I just wanted you to answer the question in as few words as possible.
10 minutes to not answer the question.  Thanks.  Edit:  The actual answer given was, "We don't know."  There's literally no end to the videos you could make with this formula.
I wonder how it worked out with parrots. I have two, one is left footed and the other is right footed lol
Sometimes i use the fork and the knife left and right and sometimes right and left. but in general i i'm right handed
My wife laughs at me that I didn't care whether my kids were boys or girls, I just wanted a fellow lefty.  Took 3 tries, but I got there!
Handedness leads to increased use and additional strength. Having muscles to handle speers is arguable important for human survival. If we look energy needs, we might observe that it requires more energy to build and maintain the same muscle strength in both arms, or that by using two hands equally, one doesn't develop the strength they would have by using one dominatly.  Using just one arm reduce energy needs of maintaining both arms to just one arm for maximum strength when striking or throwing, or ensures the most development and strength in at least one arm.   In short, bipedalisim allows us to carry tools, and carrying tools and weapons favored handedness with lateralation in the brain codeveloping.
Rafael Nadal is right-handed but trained his left during an injury.
It’s actually simpler than you think you ready? If you are right handed (its really going to shock you because its common sense) and you have a child you will teach your offspring how to write using your dominant hand without thought because it is what you’re used to. I am right handed i taught my daughter to use her left hand first then right now she is Ambidextrous. Thats why when you use your non-dominant hand it looks like a kindergarten wrote a word/picture you just have to train yourself its not something special
Left hand supremacy
Perhaps right handedness is due to prey mammals hearts are located on the left side. Making for better angular weapon penetration during hunting.
That's the longest "we dont know" on youtube
Okay so if handedness comes from tools usage, why do we have a dominant leg aswell?
I dont know if its any special. I‘ve never seen anybody with the same thing. Im lefthanded but rightfooted. So my hand is dominant on the left but my leg is dominant on the right.
Your best shot at defeating a right-handed chess GM is to ask him/her to play left-handed!
It seems that my brain can’t decide which is my predominant hand since when something like throwing a ball I prefer right hand but when holding a knife or umbrella I prefer left one and not only that I also prefer my left leg for kicking
I'm right-hand only  Pen Throw Ball  PC mouse Drills
I'm left-handed in anything combat related but I can barely write with my left hand and if I practice enough I could write better with my left.
It had taken me 18 years to realise that everything around me was designed for right handed people. I always wondered why I sucked at pc gaming. It wasn’t until I was 18 and during my first ever exam that I saw someone asking for a left handed chair( there was a table attached to the chairs) then I asked for one and I was blown away by how much since it made compared to the right handed one. I took it for granted that my hand movements sucked but now I know why.
I'm a leftie.  If I was holding a skin as described, I'd hold it with my right hand and scrape with my left hand.
if lefties had an advantage in survival wouldnt it be pretty much 50/50
I feel like this needs to be reexamined. As far as the teeth scratches go. Why wouldn't their lips get in the way of the stone as mine do. Why would the scratches be angled on the teeth and not going the only way that isn't protected? Straight accross.
Those evil kindergarten teachers ripped the pencil out of our left hand
I  throw a baseball/ bat/golf/ fight right handed but I shoot a basketball/my gun and I write left handed
I was born left handed and forced to do everything right handed. Twas terrible till I started Kickboxing. Now Im full ambidextrous, can punch and kick equally with both hands and write perfectly.
I think since the left side is more emotional it would lead you to make better choices whereas your right side of your brain is more physical which could lead to mistakes because our emotions tell us of mistakes, like cutting ourselves.
I high-fived an octopus once and it was right handed too.
so we just like that became from monkeys? end of story?
What about otters? They aren’t bipedal but they have unlocked tool use…
Specialising in one hand is more efficient when you think about it, you spend half the time learning the same thing for 1 hand instead of both.
I'm guessing that because one of our ancestors started to use its right hand more, it's children learned from it and passed it down.
I’m left handed. I got it from my dad and in his family it was  fairly normal, 3 of his siblings were righties, the other 2 were lefties so it was an equal split. I did not feel normal though, since I had to learn to play a guitar upside down (and consequently no longer play), people would yell out “leftie! We’ve got a leftie!” when I played any sport with a bat/racket, and they’d change positions to target me differently. I had to request different scissors, and ask for a mat to spot my pen ink from smudging. Now I like the uniqueness and rarity. It seems to shock people when they notice I’m left-handed for some reason. 🤷
Lobter
I’m both.
As a lefty, I wonder if there is a relationship between handedness and multitasking ability.  For example, I can sing and I can (sort of) play piano, but I certainly cannot do both at the same time.  Neither can I type and listen at the same time
“After our lineage split from the chimpanzees” lol yeah I’m out
I wonder what's the trend from 100 years to today, do lefties appear more often or less often?
I’m cross dominant I write and  with my right  hand and do just about everything else with my left
The way I see it as someone who is "right handed" and plays guitar and games with a keyboard and mouse. The left hand of mine is much better at moving the fingers. Whereas my right wrist/ arm is better at moving in bigger motions. They both play a role equally important. The fingers on my left hand are way more flexible and move easily, whereas on the right they are much more rigid. It's like how some lobsters/crab have two distinct claws, one for crushing one for shearing or pulling, but ours happen to look the same.
More men left handed than women?!  This is an amazingly horrible video.  PBS should be ashamed!!!!!  There are not biological sexes, and if there were (which there are NOT) it's sexist to pretend there is a difference between them.
My hubby and youngest are left handed. Have you ever heard the correlation between having a double crown and being a leftie? Seems that 50% of those with double crown or double whorl in their hair are lefties which is much higher than the rest of the population. Both hubby and youngest have double crown.
im right handed, seems like if very much different than 98% of u in these comments.
I’m a left handed but right trained guitarist. I don’t see any reason for instruments for lefties. I also use tools with the right hand that are designed for right hand use only (vegetable peelers, sauce ladles etc).
By constantly slapping a 6 year old child's hand when she uses her left instead of her right.  That's what my parents did to me.
Proud left hander
I’m left-handed, and I do mostly everything with my left hand, except when it comes to swinging a baseball bat or a golf club, which I do right-handed. Interestingly, my grandpa was the exact opposite. He did everything right-handed, except swinging a baseball bat or a golf club, which he did left-handed.
Lefties tend to be evil and devil worshipers.  Also, burn easily, see in darkness,  sleep in coffins, work at night and antidentites.
WOW, that was a waste of time.
Although the rate of left handedness is about 10% today (including myself), the rate of lefthandedness in female students at the university of Hong Kong is zero. The degree of lefties is based partly on the degree of cultural tightness/looseness!
I’ll never believe we came from monkeys bruh..
I'm young my left hand to type this
There is also a hell of alot disadvantages being lefthanded in a dominant right handed world 😆
i was thinking that it might have been easier to make all the tools to fit the same hand, and then people just evolved to fit into it.
“After we split from the chimpanzees…” hahahahaha
Stop making your guesswork look like its math. At least put it in the title that this is nothing but GUESSWORK. ???
Lemme guess you scroll through your phone with your left hand
What a crock.. crickey..
learn what sound the th makes gawd this is hard to watch because you say it wrong so much
My buddy who is right handed broke his hand & started using his left hand , he was not able to use his right hand for an extended period , he continued to use his left hand & later was able to use both hands equally fine , he could write the same way with both hands & played sports with either hands .
I really don’t think the question was answered very well.
what if i write and eat with my left hand, but throw and shoot a basketball with the right?
I write left-handed but I do everything that was designed for a specific hand with my right, except using scissors for some reason. I just hold them upside down.
What if my left hand is jealous of my right hand?? Then what? How do I keep both my hands both happy and liberated?
I'm a weirdo who writes with his left and does mostly everything else right handed.  I can do most things fairly well with my left hand,  like shoot a basketball or throw a football.  But not as well so Im not truly ambidextrous.  Bummer.
I use one hand much more than the other…said every Man back to the beginning of time
I read years ago that dogs display handedness (pawedness?:p) - generally favouring either their right or left side when they set off walking, and usually the same paw that they will offer if trained to give a paw.
Personally, it's just replication and repetition, some things we just learn to do with our left and we default to that too. For example, using a keyboard, most of the keys and shortcuts are used by the left hand, the right hand only comes in if the left hand can't do it alone.
Is there a relationship between this and skateboarding/ surfing. You have a dominant stance. I’m right handed, but skate left foot forward, and there are plenty of right handed skaters that push right foot forward, and vice versa. Now that I think about it more. People have a dominant direction of rotation. For BMX some are more comfortable spinning left, and some are more comfortable spinning right..
Watching this as a left handed person lol
Those who are Right handed here, I want you to open a Bottle/ Jar, now which hand u used to open the cap of it, was it Left like me? just a survey to check.
Summary: Internet Porn. Thank me later ✊
Don't know what handed I am. I write and eat with my right hand, brush my teeth and comb my hair with my left hand and can thread a needle with both hands equally well.
Still doesn’t answer the question in any way.
Small portion? Isn’t it about 20% of the pulsations that’s left handed??
Sometimes I wish I was right handed the coach told me I could never be a quarterback being left handed
Humans became mostly right-handed because of social pressures. See and do. It likely has more to do with late relatives learned from their "alphas". All those underneath followed the leader. I am ambidextrous, but that didn't stop teachers from seeing it as a problem and making me go through therapy to "choose" a hand. I only went along with it so they'd leave me alone, not because there was a problem or that I wanted to.
Left side has the heart, so left hand used as a support to no over charge the heart. That's why left handed guys die younger.  That's what one person told me once.. just sharing, not saying I believe it or double checked
I don't understand some comments regarding doors. They are both l.h. and r.h. depending whether you go in or out especially if it has a lever handle. Hinges left as I go out so I use mt left hand to go out and right to come in because hinges are now on the right.
Lefties stand upppppp
I’m left handed AF
So many recycled pictures, you would think PBS could afford more😂
I love being left handed I think it’s cool.. the only thing that’s sucks is golf club deals are harder to come by at Roger Dunn 😂
I thought 130 millions years ago we were chimps !
This is the stupid reason why I have ever heard …. I skin hides all the time why in the actual F** would they hold it like that and not  just put in on a rock .. and u think that  busted there teeth that man times .. a monkey would know better
What about ambidextrous people? I’m dominant in both hands but have preferences per hand. For instance, I prefer to write with my right but use scissors with my left. Is there a survival purpose to this or just a blip in the dna?
Funny that “men are more left handed than women” when only me and my cousin (both females) are the only left handed people in our family! (At least out of the family I actually know)
Not all of us have Neanderthal DNA 🙄
I'm 20 yet lefty
Its because Allah ordained us to use our right hands
reality is bitter than fiction ,simple answer human body is not symmetrical ,heart is on left side always pumping blood  ,which is the main reason for right handed traits
not a fan of the carrot nails
Glad I’m a lefty
In Irish, left handed has its own name 'ciotóige', but right handed doesn't. It wasn't a positive thing though. In old Gaelic culture a chieftain or ruler could not be physically handicapped (injured etc) in any way. Left-handed Ness counted as handicapped.
I was born left handed and at school I’ve been the only left handed in my class until another left handed joined my school
Although I was trained from young to write and eat the right handed way, I consider myself a lefty
I can never quite grasp the theory of our lineage coming from chimpanzee because why did we evolve but they stayed the same?
i think its because of sun ,as you can see to block sunrays its easier to use right hand as earth rotates east to west and in tropical region its too hot ,while hunting they  may have habit of using right hand to protect eyes from sunrays,
Winston Churchill, Leonardo Da Vinci, Paul McCartney, Albert Einstein, Neil Armstrong, Marie Curie, Aristotle, Michelangelo, Toulouse Lautrec, M.C. Escher, David Bowie, Jimi Hendrix, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Nikola Tesla, Julius Caesar, Napoleon Bonaparte. Just a sampling of lefties. It is a superpower blessing only given to a few.
I was so fascinated from left-handedness, that I took great efforts to become a left-handed batsman at a young age (around 10 yrso). And I was so happy and felt immense sense of achievement. I'm so proud of doing that because shortly after that I forgot how to bat with right hand, I'm still a dominant left handed batsman. Although i bowl with my right hand. There's very less players I have seen that can do that - e.g Saurav Ganguly, Shikhar Dhawan and less many others. I've started playing badminton these days and occasionally play some shots with my left hand, not all of them land though, bust most of them do. I believe I may not have been naturally left handed but it feels great to develop an entire side with no one's assistance. Makes me wonder how capable a human can be.
The footage of someone cutting an unpeeled carrot has got me shook.
Stupid explanation
Any other lefties out there?
Very interesting topic, I guess culture played a key role in Asia, especially south east Asia to transition the lefty toddlers to right-y. Here in India ( not generalizing), but observed that, people consider left hand is "not hygienic", Not from the face value of "hygiene", but the cultural influence of Indian lavatory evolution ( Asian squatter closet"), where you don't wipe but wash with left hand.  This encouraged Indian boomers to encourage to use right hand to eat food ( again another cultural influence of eating by hand than using spoon), to practice of right hand use. I always felt this has transitioned so many born leftys. I observed leftys who practiced left hand breaking these taboos, have more precision and pace than right handed people
They really repeated everything 5 times to hit 10minutes so they can earn more money
I don't understand why they assume the fact that we are predisposed right or left handed at birth or because of our DNA. Isnt it just because of education ?? I remember teachers and my parents telling me to use my right hand to do things or to write. If they hadnt told me, maybe I wouldve tried left hand ? And then after that you just keep using the same side you are used to so THEN this certain part in your brain develops more.  No ? Okay..
The only time I have been truly irritated about being left handed was when I won a raffle as a kid and in the raffle prize were two cups that physically could not be held with your left hand 😭
Part of it's also in the fact that our hearts are on the left side of our body and so moms would carry their children on their left side so that the children would be comforted by the sound of Mom's heartbeat and thus the right hand was the one that was available to do other things
by murdering the left.  Convict # 9653 For President  USA made being anti-war illegal the day Debs was arrested.
Also, just make the can openers work for us too. That’s not asking a lot.
Me, my mama, and both my daughters are all lefties. At work, 4 out of 10 of us are left handed. I don’t think we’re being counted accurately.
No other mammal has to write, or manipulate their fingers with such fine motor skill for so much time out of each day. And every bilateral organism would have to choose one over the other. Right or left eye dominance is based on predominant signals entering one eye more or less than the other.
I used to be a leftie 🥲
So cool to know!
Im right handed.. but as an asean i always eat with my left hand
I am left hand but was flogged and forced by an aunt that stayed with us to do right hand stuffs because it’s traditionally more accepted so I was disrespectful to them.. now it’s affect me even do I can use right more better.. I can understand left from Right sometimes.. or clock or anti clock wise have to focus
Idk maybe something to do with our heart location.  Also i feel that my left hand fingers agility/flexibility is almost the same with my right (90-95%), but wrist, elbow and shoulder flexibility are so different. Idk why doing things with left fingers arent that difficult, but using the whole arm is different, for example throwing a basketball is very difficult with my left hand
Mike Tyson family are all Left handed , behold am right handed
Nah mate, left handedness is the mark of the devil and clearly the reason we don't see these preferences in animals is that the devil has no interest in them, except for kangaroos, which are clearly the devils minions. All this science is cool and learning is fun but all you really need to read is ONE BOOK to explain ALL THE MYSTERIES OF THE UNIVERSE, written by an unfailing hand which all you need have is faith. That book is called "how i think stuff works, don't question it" and is available directly from me for $3.50 (damn publishers think I'm a crackpot)
Real reason: Me: Writes with both hands in pre-school That brainless teacher: Hol' up... Something ain't right!
Script is so repetitivr
Is there no correlation at all with us having the heart on the left side of the body then? Our brain is wired the way it is, so it process the use of tools the way it does with right dominant hand ok, but lefties and other animals proves that it doesn't ''have'' to necessarily. So if we have a tool to offend and attack in one hand, and one to defend in the other..wouldn't this be better for who defends the more vulnerable spot of the body, and doesn't exposes it? So individuals wired this way may had an actual advantage in survival, and passed the right hand dominance?
I am leftie, I eat, write, play and even whack my little buddy with left hand , everything with left hand. Had no idea it was so different than the rest of all people around me, my dad's leftie too. I don't know what to say but I think it's very much normal to me.
Manny Pacquiao is a left handed.
I’m a lefty only for writing and drawing. For everything else right handed.
Please make a video on why women have traditionally longer hair.
I was made left handed for sport but I write with my right hand
Team lefty where you at ❓
Legend prefer both hands
In short, no one knows why.
Left side has heart so to avoid pressure on it we may be right handed
"70-90 percent to be exact" -_-
Most ancient cultures wrote right to left. I think because they were left handed
In my experience, lefties tend to be more creative as well.
Right handers are weird.
My sister.and i are both left handed and our parents are both right handed....kinda weird lo
Too long. Had me...then lost me. Zzzzzzz
Lefties have smaller brains... interesting.
Shake right wipe left.
i was born left handed but i’m from a south asian family and the left hand is considered dirty where i’m from so i was always forced to use my right hand from a young age but i never learnt how to write/draw with my right hand so i’m still technically left handed but my right hand is my stronger hand lmao
i hate the cackyhanded
Yes but why??? He didnt even answer why we are dominent on one hand
long, long ago, the standard way of writing is that people wrote from left to right and then right to left (and then repeat the pattern) 😊😊. however, they then standardized writing so that it is always left to right, as to help the right-handed people and ONLY THE RIGHT-HANDED PEOPLE. 😢😢 this is discrimination, because the statistical minority is being treated worse than the statistical majority. 😮😮 we need to help them with our full hearts❤❤❤. So, please like this comment as a form of resistance.
In our society, people think left hand should only be used in washroom
I'm left-handed but I favor my right when it comes to sports.  My left hand is much better at fine motor actions like using utensils, writing, etc.  I'm part of an even smaller percentage of the population that have this trait.  Funny enough, my dad is right-handed but use to bat left-handed in baseball.  With all my cousins, aunts and uncles, I only have one cousin who is left-handed also.  Neither of my kids inherited it unfortunately.
Im left handed for writing, but right handed for pretty much everything else
Damn i ve just noticed my left hand has become less dominant since i ve been constantly using right hand for pc mouse Sad
Lowkey didn't answer the question...
4:55 This statement about no other species having hand dominance makes me wonder how it is with having dominant legs / feet for animals? And if they don't: why do humans? I myself am using my right hand dominantly but at the same time my left leg when playing soccer.
So they did all this while showing their teeth? Wouldn't they have their lips closed. Idk. This seems really, like a guess more than proof. If they used there right hand and showed their teeth the whole time. MAYBE the tool would slip and scratch teeth 🤔   but I think there is another reason they had scratches on the teeth. Idk. Just imo
My father was right handed but at the age of 50 he had a stroke and it paralyzed his right side. He had to learn to do things left handed. He evetually able to use his right hand but it's not as strong as before so he had to stick to being left handed. My father was a teacher so writing is a big thing for him, the thing is he learned to write on his left hand on paper but on the board he still able to use his right hand.
0:50 you say that as if the theory has become fact
Always wanted to be left handed it's rare....😂
So basically i wasted my time bt watching this
A trait doesn't have to be advantageous — evolution doesn't work like that. If it's advantageous it's more likely to stick around, and even become dominant. But if something has little or no detriment, then there's no reason for it to die out. It feels really weird that you made it seem like evolution is choices like that.
i use my left hand to write, but im right handed for almost everything else
I'm usually considered left handed but i use my right hand for many things, like throwing. It's probably beacuse i broke my left arm a while ago, and couldn't use it for over a month.
I remember when I was like 4 or 5 drawing with both hands (pretty well too) and asking my aunt what was the correct hand to use…. Long story short I confused my right with my left and I’ve been dominant with my left ever since☠️☠️☠️🤣🤣🤣
I'm sure you're gonna have to rethink that "tooth scratches" theory.  It doesn't make sense...way too much imagination involved.
Hahaha!!! Really people still this rubbish..
I write with my left but am comfortable doing everything else with both hands lol. I'd say the best preference is none. Let's say for example I need to carry something with my right hand and i need to look up directions or something, well there's no point in putting the thing I'm carrying on the ground, I just proceed to operate my phone with my left hand.
So you're saying that being right-handed empowered humanity to become superior to the animals, right?
Why would you use your teeth to hold a hide, and not step on the near side with your foot?
Interesting but you forgot some points. First of all, as a baby you imitate your parents and are mostly using the same hand. Moreover, we will give objects to children’s onto their right hand, as an habit.  That is another factor.
The top ranks in fencing are skewed to lefties.  Lefties are always fencing righties, but righties might not have a single leftie in their club to practice with.  I had the advantage of practicing against a very talented lefty.  I surprised more than a few lefties in competition.
Lefties are more acutely aware of both the advantages & disadvantages. My favorites is turning left when everyone else turns right at amusement parks after having gone through the main gate when they first open. .I ride for nearly an hour, line-free, on all the rides.
its weird im right handed in literally everything except batting in baseball
Left handedness is actually a form of brain damage, usually caused by birth truama or something similar. I know this as i am the King of lefties. This is why when you force a lefty to go right they often develop other problems.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
This is pure none sense that can only be  believed by people who believes humans are coming from monkeys
First off : Humans are NOT originated from chimpanzees. Second : Being right or left handed is not a preference!
7:45 "if everyone left handed then the advantages will disappear" well that just dumb answer.   The fact that they just said left handed people have superior brain for evenly processing the information meaning they SHOULD have enough advantage to get their number higher than today.
I am lefty and righty 😅
1:44 that knife needs sharpening, stat
I always wondered why left handed people like me were so rare I believe I dabbled in the writing with either hand in grade school but for some reason my left hand was raider to control fro writing and what not
¡’m left handed but ¡’m barely human.., man and that’s it,..
This assumption is totally incorrect and unfounded.
My son seemed to be right handed but broke his right arm at 2 and 4 years old, he throws left handed but uses his right hand for many things like using a mouse.
I'm left handed!
I write right-handed but use a spoon to eat left-handed. I also find that my left hand seems stronger for opening bottle and jar tops. I can paint (as in decorating) equally well with either hand even in small / fine areas. Interestingly, I always seem to have heard slightly better in my left ear too…
I'm left hand dominant
My wife is right handed but throws with her left hand. I'm right handed but my left arm wins arm wrestles more often than my right. That might be because I'm a guitarist though and my left arm gets more exercise.
What about right hand with left foot?
My wife and I are both right handed.  Our 3 daughters: 2 left handed, 1 right handed.
Left hand gang stand up
Who's the hot boxer?
Drake: either hand is the upper hand
One other physical combat advantage for lefties is the liver blow.
I can't differentiate right and left. Many things I do with both hands but writing I do with right hand. So I imagine I am writing to find right side.
I'm right handed and used to play basket with a left handed kid. Almost everytime he went up for shot i would try to block a right handed shot. Took a while to get used to him using left hand.
My dad was left handed and tried to teach me left handed. I throw a frisbee and kick with left hand and foot but throw a ball and write right handed.
The hand paintings in the caves likely came from amputated lizard hands used as a template. The hands don’t match human dimensions.
Look at how yolked Serena's arm is compared to Federer's. Like, damn.
Oddly missing any talk about handedness in identical twins....they're often the same but very often *mirror* twins and have opposite handedness. I'm sure many genetic studies have been done on that so should be worth a mention
My music teacher in middle school used to get so mad at how I held the recorder (right hand on top), i am right handed
"We came from chimps" 😂🤣😆 You forgot to mention that since the 1880s till the early 90s ,pupils that were left handed, were getting hit to write with the right hand especially in Catholic schools ran by Christian brothers.
I'm cross dominance, which is different from ambidextrous. I eat and write with my left hand, but use throw, shoot, and other things with my right hand. Maybe it's because I was tought by right handed people a lot in life but using objects with my left hand feels off sometimes
7:40 Such a weird phenomenon, you'd think that due to this left-handedness would be More prevalent. Instead the inherent advantage is a receding trait
I find it interesting that with the predominance of right-handedness, why UK has drivers on the right side of the vehicle requiring them to use the left hand to change gears.
proud lefty
It's probably because of tools that were easier to use in the right hand.
I am left-handed with two handicap siblings, but they have both become left-handed as well. No one else in my family is left-handed except for us three siblings. I wonder if they learned from copying me.
Left handed Samurai had an bigger advantage
Super cool!
You had me until we split from chimpanzees
I was right handed but I loved to dip cookies while sipping on my tea as a kid eventually I became left handed or may be both handed.
I just wonder if the interpretation of scratches seen on the teeth of these neanderthals is the result of survivorship bias. It could be that more scratches are seen because of more slip-ups when they were working with their right hand. Similarly, when you brush your teeth with your non-dominant hand, you tend to hit your gums and poke yourself a lot more than if you had been brushing with your dominant hand.
Right hand people are normal Left hand people are special Both hand are incredible special people And that's me..I both hand..lol
me who's left handed: imagine having right hemisphere brains LOL
Ned Flanders approves.
POV Your a leftie.
Or maybe it is because we forced young left handed people to use their right hand by binding the left one on their backs in the late 19th early 20th century...
Legitimately nothing about why there are lefties. Just the history of them.
we have a dominant hand because when you start school you get thought to pick a hand that feels more natural to use and as a kid its feels weird anyways so you pick what you see your parents and orthers have used and as a kid you have a picture perfect mind almost so you look back at all the photos in your head and almost all used right so its thought and passed on.
Most people were born right handed and the rest of us were born perfect 🤣😂
As a card carrying elite member of the Sinistral Society, I'm officially giving ALL of the Right Handers of the world advance legal notice that we intend to file a MASSIVE Class Action Suit in the World Court for countless millennia of persecution and discrimination against our members.   We're seeking 1.3 Trillion USD in lost wages, pain and suffering, emotional trauma, abuse, and even dismemberment and death.
I'll save everyone some time by summing up the video. In the Stone Age, the few early humans who produced computer mice (made at the time of a rock shell, a spherical bone, and shale buttons) happened to be right-handed and thus mainly produced right-handed mice. Since left-handed people had trouble using these primitive mice and thus securing employment in the Stone Age's IT-centric job market, natural selection took its course and the number of left-handed individuals dwindled over time. 😔
It’s not genetical process. Human stay right or left hand during the studying
Perhaps your heart's on the left so your hand's on the right (?) Could it be a neurological 'balance' that empowers the greatest overall physiological, biological advantages (?)
I’m left handed writer, they tried to changed me handedness in school (and then my grip on the pencil) but never got anywhere.  A lot of other stuff I do is right handed but I think that’s my upbringing. I like to consider myself ambidextrous because I can do a lot of stuff with both. Tennis, shooting, boxing, fencing, kicking are just some things that I feel as comfortable with both handedness it interesting how it works. Cool video
Woke answer: handedness is a social construct 😄
Mamma said knock you out, I'm fenna knock you out
Did anyone experience quick-onset deja vu? Did we need to hear about no other primates being lefty THREE times, with the identical footage and voice over? Really weird editing choice.
7:17 she jumped 10cm 😂😂
what if you’re forced to use the opposite hand.. will it change the anatomy in your brain
I wonder if we will now have a left hand movement 😂 both hands are equal and not everything has to be designed and manufactured predominantly right handed 😂😂
Video should have included what I would call common sense options to include.  1. Blood flows in one direction always if I'm not mistaking.  2. Simply you copy what you see. Caveman coincidentally used right hand and so when thought or viewed, everyone just used their right hand.
i don't know if this is normal for other lefties but even though i write with my left hand, my right hand feels stronger. This means that i normally do more physical activities like throwing a ball with my right hand but i do more precise tasks like writing with my left hand.
hairless monkeys called humans killed all the left handers
Neantherhals.... Arguably, also the first racist 🤦
To me, this is just overcomplicating the fact that we developed handedness through our evolution of handling complex things. That in itself became more dominant as time went on. Easy peasy
So thats why my right hand is so buff then 😃
I ruined I’m both 🙌
Narrow stairways in old medieval towers spiralled in such a way that the defender upstairs could hold his sword in his right hand whereas the attacker, coming from downstairs, had to hold his sword in his left hand.
What if we're just not from Chimps!
Man i gotta get into boxing so i can pay 20 dollars for a left handed can opener
3:30 — GigaCHAD 1.0
I don’t buy it ..
Im a leftie, but play soccer with my right foot. Dont know how that came to be, but if I shoot a ball with my left foot….well….you better get out of the way 😎
Which lefty is so lefty that he uses mouse inverted? Xd
I am a lefthander  , bad short time memory but huge long  term because  the right brain is used .At a bar for instance  , coffee only I can close my eyes & get an almost Google st view image of what's happening  around me.Failed twice at a grammar  school in Clacton  "O "level  twice , speak  read  & write Spanish  like a native plus some German , French  & can get by in Romanian. Plus have learned  all disciplines  of electronic  electrics , steam & refrigeration.  I just have to keep learning  & read a lot , mainly  in English  ,
I’m left handed…
How can you evolve from a chimpanzee  if they're still here in the Earth?
read some theory that left handed "gene" isn't as common because left handed people were more likely to die from combat while using tools because they expose their heart during movements
not me, left handed Virgo with blue eyes (which is a mutation) in itself.
I am left handed and my identical twin is right handed so it can’t be genetic. End.
Because the devil is connected to the left hand!!!!! If you’re left handed then you’re being manipulated and controlled by the devil!   I cannot count how many times I’ve read about the devil and left hands in literature. the church played a large part in the majority being right handed because children used to be punished for using their left hands
I am right handed but i dont know how to wipe my butt with my right hand… Hey no dirty thoughts! Yea left hand has its tasks that right hand cannot perform…
Nadal was born right handed but his uncle Tony trained him early to become a lefty and he became an all time great. Not sure how that fits with everything but thought it worth a mention.
I like being left- handed.The tribe of Benjamin in the Old Testament were also left - handed.
My cat is left handed.
8:15 On the phrasing “lefties have evolutionary advantages”: This might have been true if “left handed people” was a sub-species of the human race, and left handedness was inherited by all individuals in that group. But, since it is randomly distributed, like the sex of a child, it is more probable that it has to do with the advantage of diversity for the human race as a whole.
Me being left handed and has terrible memory:
My left hand is more precise, but less coordinated in movements. (I know that makes little sense, I can move it slightly BETTER than my right hand) and my left hand is also stronger though I would be described as right hand dominant.
Wow..very interesting. I was ampedextres until I had a accident and put my left hand through a window ..after that I used my right hand for every thing.. Still find it strange that I used my left hand to open the door.
I feel like getting into.a fight now
Hit like if you are not right handed
Im right handed but when I do work that needs great amount of force I switch to left one lol
Very interesting! I’m the only one in my immediate family who is left handed. My parents and siblings are all right handed, so I don’t know where it came from. I do have things I prefer doing with my right hand, though. I got a left handed guitar as a kid but ended up preferring to play it right handed instead, so I couldn’t wear the strap it came with lol! Being a lefty doesn’t feel very advantageous most times, though. I hate those chairs that have the tiny fold down table on just the right side. Thanks, now I have to twist my whole body to write on it.
I had a best friend I met in high school. We were born two days apart, were both left-handed, and had nearly identical hand writing. RIP, bro. 🙏
I’m left-handed. And like most lefties, I’m fairly ambidextrous. Generally precision like writing, I use my left. Yet for scissors I’ve adapted to be right dominant. I blame society and the lack of left-handed scissors growing up.   Conversely, my power side is my right side. I punch and arm wrestle with my right. I’m a contractor, and can use tools with both hands, but for hammering or power stuff, I prefer my right. Not sure how that one happened.  Edit: Forgot one weird thing about “power”. I punch harder with my right hand, yet I kick better with my left leg. I’ve never been in a fight, but I guess my punching bag is pretty confused.
Military service
This notion that we came from apes is nonsense. There would be a creature in the middle. Apes, creature not ape but not human, and then human. Evolution doesn't happen without steps. One day I'm an ape next day I'm a full human lol
This is my Theory/ answer. When the sun rises and also the factor of when we sleep on the side to digest better there fore we wake up on the side the the most likely when the sun would rise .. therefore The use to shade your eyes would have been probably or commonly the right hand< therefore making the right hand more stronger and dominant. thank my cat for this hypothesis. he is very lazy as well as Neanderthals may have been too? who are we to judge.
I've seen my doggo beg for treats, I notice his right paw first.
Lost me a our lineage to chimps..
Its funny, my family is all left handed, but I'm right handed. But I eat left handed and they all eat right handed
I also have theory. That Your heart, a very vital organ, is on you left. So as you use your right more, it gets a little stronger and coordinated. Then in a time of physical danger you will favour your right, therefore protecting the left side to a degree... just a theory
My dog is right handed, she pats my leg with her right paw when she wants attention. And I've seen plenty of videos of other dogs doing the same.
Knowledge is power!
Cats and dogs will often seem to show a paw preference too, when batting at a toy or something. I also wonder how much of a factor the periods of more recent history where left-hand dominance was demonized or suppressed has had on left-handedness overall. My dad was left-handed, and at school they tied his left arm to his body so he would be forced to use his right hand. This wasn't uncommon at the time and didn't raise any concern, where as the same treatment in a school in the same region today would be seen as barbaric.
There's also societal pressure.  Does anyone remember when lefties were discriminated against?  That they were occasionally even burned at the stake as witches or had the offending limb punitively removed.  In school a great grandfather of mine's left hand and arm was strapped to a plank which was tied to his side once the teachers realised he favoured his left hand.  The right handed students were allowed to use their both hands but he was only allowed to use one hand, his right hand, for anything.  That would certainly exert an evolutionary pressure against left handedness.
So, not how, but "we wonder if". Useless!
I’m weird with my hands. Left handed when writing (but can write with right when needed), play baseball right handed but prefer left with boxing, etc.
I have friends who are right handed in their everyday lives, but who shoot left when playing hockey or golf.  I can't figure that one out.
I refuse to be associated with chimps. We may look alike, but we are not descendants of chimps. We are mostly right handed due to natural selection. Most right handers must have survived better.
What about being left footed vs right footed?
And how the f*** does anybody know what neanderthals were f****** doing
I wonder if it might be even more simple than this.  Way back I read a study on underwater births.  It said that in their study every one of the babies born in this way were bidextrous.  So, I'm wondering if the left vs right hand aspect is just whichever hand the brain determines will be most useful.  With the right hand often being the one picked since the parents are using their right hand and interact with the baby's right hand more than it's left after birth.    As for why humans would start using their right hand to interact with a newborn (whether they were left or right handed) could be a variety of reasons.  However, it could just be as simple as hygiene.   Though, more likely INDIRECT hygiene.   For example, we have to remember they didn't have toilet paper back then.  Whatever they wiped with probably didn't prevent their fingers from getting... um... dirty.  Some might even have used just their fingers.  I could see a group of people agreeing to use the same hand for this purpose so they always knew which hand was okay (not smelly/dirty) to allow others to interact with them with.  Basically more politeness than the concept of hygiene.  And the left hand just happened to be what they chose.  And other communities adopted the same over time.  And of course they would use the clean hand when interacting with the newborn.  And instinctively interact with the child's similar hand.  Within 1 generation you would have mostly right handed kids.  All speculation of course.  Would be interested to see a study done on it though.
Humans also have a dominant eye. I learned that from my optometrist that does my eye exams.
thATS funny becuas im personaly do it with my left hand wink winky
Not so long ago, kids used to get hit by the teachers in school for writing their left hand to write, the dad of one of my friends even ended up in the ER because the teacher literally split his head open with a ruler for it.  While most people are right handed, I do wonder how many more people would be left handed if it hadn't quite literally been beaten out of kids for so long.
All I heard was wild speculation and confirmation bias. Completely pointless video.
I was born mostly right handed but as I aged and puberty came in, I slowly shifted to being a lefty…
I love this channel so much. I comment every time just to boost y’all’s algorithm.
I'm lefty dominant but I switch hands and serve better with my right hand in ping pong and tennis.  I can affectively serve with both hands. My left handed ping pong serve is much faster than right.  Right is more accurate.  Baseball I bat and throw left.  Cutting Vegetables i hold with Left and cut with right.  I use a right handed mouse but i believe that's because i had to get used to it.  My computer now has touchpad and mousepad on right.  I use the touchpad interchangebly sometimes.
I work in an office of Structural Engineers. A large portion of these people are left handed. But also many of the engineers are bald or balding. A British male trait according to my barber
If only Ned Flanders knew this
I was a lefty when I was a Kid yet a broke my left arm, during that healing of my left hand I trained my right hands. I forgot how to properly write ✍️ with my left arm and became a right dominant person in the end
How fitting that GCplus sponsored this video. No new information was presented besides “lefthandedness is old.” Everything else is conjecture.
The worst carrot cutting I have ever seen. bad technique as well as not peeled.
Being left handed and living in the UK is great for driving as the gearstick is on our left.
both my wife and myself are left-handed and both of our children are right-handed so its not genes
He who rules his left rules the world. At least in boxing
just be glad we don't have hot dog hand
thats because no single thing can be perfect but we have a wide range of humans with different skills that cooperate with eachother making society over powered they need to stop nerfing it and let it happen tho
Ahhhh evolution 😂😂😂 fiction can be fun
Left hand to wipes but
So what is the answer?
Interesting!!👍
if u use your right hand over a corner your heart is less exposed so more chances to survive id u are injured ez evolution
“70% to 95% to be exact” is anything but exact. That’s a delta of 25%. Time to bone up on your math skills.
I mean holding a weapon in the right while left to defend. Keeps the heart slightly more protected
I write and use utensils like fork and toothbrush left handed, everything else right handed. Dont know what that means
The thought of using my right hand primarily is actually scary to me.  I’m the only left handed offspring in a family of 6 siblings, and neither of my two children are left handed. I was hoping one would be.  It’s a lonely world for us lefties.  Like if your a leftie.
I’m ambidextrous
I'm confused because I write with my left ..I punch with my left ..jab with the right but I throw a football with my right and baseball ..but I shoot basketball with my left and can't throw a football or baseball further than 40 ft with my left it goes downwards like a spike ...tennis I can use both but I suck at tennis..
Oh please!
My father started first grade in a one room schoolhouse.  The teacher forced him to write with his right hand, when he first tried using the left.  He said it's the reason his writing was so bad.
If you actually pay attention to animals they are either right or left dominant. Like horses have a lead and in horseman events you have to change leads while in a gallop. Most horses are right "hoofed". Same with dogs if you watch them run.
Fiddler Crab
My bulldog isn't right-handed, but she's definitely right-pawed. Just saying.
I found this video really streched out… could of done it in 4 i guess
I'm left handed and could do Judo left or right. It really confused people. Lol. Once played tennis against an ambidextrous guy who had no backhand!!!
Lol this is all speculation and science of the gaps arguments. Pathetic
I think all men were left handed. Women came from our ribs right? That means we have been mating with ourselves which means we have been incesting ourselves, which means our strong gene pool has been contaminated. I'm still left handed which means I am the apex human.  All you other people are savages.
Croatians have always been a weird lot.
I disagree. Elephants are known to be predominantly left handed. Their right tusk almost always wear down first. Very rarely do you get the left that is worn most. Hence left and right handed elephants.
Beautiful explanation, I don’t think that’s what happened but I also only watched 45 seconds of the video
One correction: In boxing, your dominant hand is actually less active. You "jab" with left hand all the time and surprise with your dominant hand|  the frustration of boxing with opposite handed opponent comes mostly from his stance. Instead of putting their left leg forward, they put their right leg forward, mirroring you. This disrupts the boxer who is used to position themselves against a regular opponent. Even southpaws themselves are used to fight against orthodox fighters and another southpaw disrupts their rhythm as well.
It also sounds to me that specializing into a handedness has the advantage of only requiring one hand to be "very precise", instead of requiring both hands to be equally useful. Maybe that saves some brain-space for other things.
Left handed me Wait I'm not a human
Always wondered why we’re all mostly right handed
This guy's pronunciations on certain words annoy me lmao
I am a RN and I worked on a neurological unit for several years. Part of my patient population was stroke victims. One thing neurologists and neurosurgeons always note is the patients dominant hand which identified the patients dominant brain hemisphere. This is because if a person had a stroke that effects the non-dominant side of the brain, they have a higher percentage of recovery because the dominant side of the brain can take over for the damaged side. Now this is very simplified and there are many other factors, but it was always something that was noted in their records.
I got called out for doing my laces the left handed way in a skate shop. And that is how i found out most people don’t tie their laces with the same handedness as myself. I thought everyone did it the same way
But the theory of human evolved from chimpanzees is still not proven. Why do we take it as a fact?
Proud lefty all my life and never tried to change it🙋‍♂️ this guy needs to slow down though lol
what about feet/legs
When my grandfather was a boy, back in the early 1900s, he was naturally left handed, but his teachers forced him to use his right hand because left handedness was thought to be a thing of the devil.
Most people chooses what's *_right_* and those who didn't, manage on what's *_left_* 🤷‍♂🤷‍♂
So do we have the DNA of Neanderthals to know that there is a connection with humans or is this just based on the characteristics scientists believe they looked like from the bones they found? Meaning it's not sound proof?
Where my ambidextrous squad at?!?
left handed people rule the world
7 minutes to get to the damn point of the video
Left yeaaah
I wish I was right handed there's something kinda sus about being a lefty
Do you know who else is left handed? The person who got their right arm chopped off 😐💀💀
us lefties are slowly taking over...
I’m left hand handed! Where are my fellow lefties!
I'd always heard it was from sword fighting, that right handed fighters held their shield in their left hand so they could shield their heart.  With these timelines that's all rubbish :)
Why do I feel like this way so awkward because some manager was afraid to let them bring up the nurture part of this?   Just kept bring up all this evidence and studies then ends on we just don't know. We don't know because what we do know is there are genetic and social factors and no study has been properly able to isolate either meaning we can't tell how much each contributed.
left-handedness in combat sport is not just about being unorthodox and have the element of surprise While that is the main reason, another perk is that it also helps them land the liver shot more efficiently
What is it called when u do half of the things in your daily life with your left and the other half with your right (I write and play some sports with my left but I play some other sports with my right, i am also much stronger in my right)? I’ve never known what this was called but I know I’m not ambidextrous because I can’t use both hands for everything equally.
So what PBS is saying is there is a difference between men and women 🤔
I’m not saying this isn’t right...or left...but what IS curiously absent from this brief video is culture.  Some places left-handedness is seen as taboo.  How do they know at least some of right-handness was preferred for some cultural reason and thus when raising children it was emphasized....I know as a leftie it was sometimes hard to be left-handed in a right handed world...in school I was forced to choose instead of just letting me write with both....Ive heard of left handness being culturally assigned to superstition, wickedness, and uncleanness...so I would be curious to see things like that factored in instead of just evolution and potential genes driving everything....we do make cultural choices after all.
People still believe in evolution?
I do everything left handed except my bat, golf and hockey swing.  My older sisters taught me right handed and it stuck.
One hand to eat and one to wipe their arse
My brother is left handed but we don’t usually tell anyone because it’s just so gross.
Where's my fellow Lefties at?
So we from monkeys
Educated but stiil dumb
This feels like a hell of a lot of assumption
I am ambidextrous now.. Was born a lefty but am in IT so trained my right hand for a mouse in competitive gaming which most lefties I know have issue with
Tl;dw We are not exactly sure how.
"left-handed" people dont exist, theyre just faking it for attention
6:22 and still no answer
The statement that chimps aren't "handed" sounds like an assumption. Is it based on bone measurements, observation of chimp behavior in the wild, or experiment?
The animal skin between their teeth thing made me wonder why I absolutely despise the thought of sliding fabric between my teeth (mostly plastic). My grandma has this too, is there a reason for this?
Surprised being right handed was not down to Racism !!!!!! and how we all need to become left handed to fight RACISM !!!!!!
I was a lefty naturally until I started school and learning how to write forced me to learn my right hand instead every time I would pick up a pencil in my left a teacher would come up snatch it out my hand and put it in my right hand so now I'm a righty mainly but for some tasks I still use left hand dominant depending on the task
Growing up left handed even at school I was told that the left is a bad hand, even got punished for it but I wasn’t able to switch hands so I got told off a lot about it and some generations in my family experienced the same thing when they were growing up.
You know who else has definite one-handed dominance? Parrots. Except they are lefties. I have watched many a budgie and cockie manipulate toys and they always use their left hand. Er, claw. And yep, they are bipedal as well as smart.
Is there anythi g to be said for a defensive strategy of shielding the heart with the left arm and weilding a weapon with the tight!?
We are not animals, nor did we come from animals. This is a theory that cannot be proven   . Stop pretending like its fact.
Bro stop looking for 10 minute time...
i am left handed at some activities
Me left handed watching this 🧐
I'm surprised they didn't mention how left handed people have a measurably faster reaction time...about 1/10 a second because of how their brains function.
I am ambidextrous with some bit of specialization. For more precise tasks like writing and eating I’m left handed. For sports and more powerful movements I am right handed. Many sports I have the ability to do left handed but it’s just easier to do right. I will say though when it comes to my legs I am definitely right footed. Right eye dominant too.
I’m actually left handed i found out on the left stroke😭, my left was stronger than right but i can still use both 🥰
0:55 how considerate of the deer to choose a dying position that would allow our ancestors to preserve their modesty
Because we had to know what hand to high five with…left handed people didn’t get the memo.
I'm left handed and when I was a kid I wanted to play guitar and knew most guitars were built right handed (left handed guitars are hard to come by) so I forced my self to play right handed. Here I am at 53 and still play right handed. I can't even imagine playing left handed.
"We found scratches on their teeth, so we reached incredibly far to make up a story that literally cannot be drawn from the evidence we have"
Both my parents just happen to be left-handed. They taught me how to write, and of course they taught me left-handed. I do most things right-handed, except for writing because of this. When people find this out they're like "oh you're ambidextrous!" and I have to clarify that I'm mixed handed. A lot of people are!
bruh im left this is insulting
My brother is right handed, but left eye dominate. He writes right handed, but fires a rifle left handed. How does this happen? I personally have worked in the OR for 30 years, and have become fairly ambidextrous over the years. I tried learning to write legibly with my left hand at one point, but soon found that writing left to right sketch writing right handed a clear advantage because you’re not smearing the ink with your left hand as it travels over your writing from the opposite side. I DID know one surgeon that was left handed, but basically ambidextrous as well.  He would write left handed, but would do it completely backwards! It was a real trip to watch!
I'm a lefty but I do some things better with my right hand. My wife says I'm ambidextrous, but I just think we do some things better with our opposite hand.
I can't write lefty at all,  but can paddle a canoe either side .  Learning jujitsu we always learned to do techniques left and right.  So for me, gross motor skills are ambidextrous, fine motor has to be right sided.
Change the vid after he said Evolutionary roots...
Its weird, i am right handed, but i wipe my arse with my left hand (with paper 😁)
Did you know that the 'six fingered' gene is dominant over the 'five fingered gene'?
I'm right-handed but play hockey with a left handed hockey stick. My dad didn't want me to use his hockey stick so he thought me left handed. Lol fkn Canadian dads eh? .... now I can play most sports like soccer, baseball and others with both hands and feet being dominant. I can write with both hands too after little practice.
Im strongly left-handed but often am ambidextrous. I found that I can throw fairly equally with both hands but throwing right handed is straight whereas my left-hand throws a default curve. This is true with baseball, football and bowling balls. I can launch an extremely accurate frisbee throw right-handed that I cannot with my left. I also can throw a right jab, hook and uppercut more comfortably with my right than my left.
I use both
You think you came from monkeys? lol
all the best footballers i know irl are left handed/footed
Fiddler Crabs are also handed, with one claw growing larger than the other and being used more often. if they lose their dominant claw, their remaining claw will grow larger to compensate, and when the other claw grows back, it stays small, effectively changing their handedness.
We were taught to write right handed by the teachers,, jus like the Soviet
you know it's weird I am left-handed when I write but with everything else, I am right-handed
I’m gonna guess before I watch.  My assumption is that we humans do more complicated actions. Even back then we made weapons. It’s easier to do one repetitive action with one hand. It trains faster and it’s easier to build precision
my teacher forced me to do stuff with my right hand even thou i am left handed
Both my husband and myself are Left handed. Our daughter is Right handed. When she was young it was harder to teach her how to do fine motor-skilled things in a way that made sense to her.
What about right footed? I kick with my right.
This goes a bit to far I think. They were not stupid. So they would have seen the danger of scraping near your face with a tool that can work flesh on skin. Scratches due to teeth used as tool, okay. Teeth accidentaly scratched while working on skin sounds to dumb for even an ape.   Imagine hitting your gums or lip with a flint blade. No thanks. That will be a one time mistake.
Thought being left handed was unique but the comment section says otherwise.
wait, what's the answer? why are most humans right handed?
What if you're right-handed but left-footed?
Nice story all fiction an conjecture
Since my liver is on my right side is that why only my left side gets drunk when I drink?
My grandmother is a natural lefty, but she was born in 1928 and of course back then, lefties were ostracized, so she was forced to learn to write with her right hand
I'm left handed and my last two gfs have been left handed (no, I don't seek out other lefties ha)
Really interesting, but I do feel that this video could have been explaining the same information in half of the time. I heard some information repeatedly, while it was not so necessary.
A bit surprised you didn't mention eye dominance.  I write right-handed, but am left eye dominant.  Therefore, I shoot guns left-handed, play pool ambidextriously, etc.
Our family of 6 people have an equal number of left and right handedness.
It was not from cleaning an animal skin. The scratches come from cutting meat wth a stone tool as you're eating. That's how some cultures hunters still eat meat except metal knives do not damage their teeth.
Im left handed and play guitar right handed  so up yours nerds
I throw and catch with my left, kick with my left, but I write with my right. 🤭. All the lefties I've met are very "unique"
So we haven’t found genetically why people are left handed, so this whole video is just speculation and hypothesis. Fair enough…. In reality we still don’t really know. Hopefully we don’t because not doubt humanity would love to screw with nature like we have always done.
Leave it to egg headed "scientists" to make the reason so complicated.  It's pretty simple. When manipulating tools, each hand has to perform different tasks. One, basic clamping and stabilizing the work and the other, more complex control of tools to apply to the work. With eons of practice, our brains developed to do both tasks at the same time. Even though each manipulative task my be very different from that of the opposing hand.
Can we replace all of “reality tv shows” for this type of shows??? Please!!!??
I broke my left hand and had to use my right arm. So my gymnast days I had to relearn everything again using my right hand (or no hands).  I use my left hand mostly.
Can someone give me a TL;DR?
Those must’ve been really old scientists to say this really happened.
Being left handed, im pretty ambidextrous as i had to learn to do some things right handed as left wasnt an option. 12 season of baseball helped a bunch with being ambidextrous
most of the people at my work are left handed. im not sure if its part of the criteria but it sure is funny. ive never saw more than 5 left handed individual in a single room.
We Bharateeya use left hand to wash our asses, it is non auspicious and most of the religious chores, rituals are considered auspicious while performed using right hand as a result all Or most of the Hindus (Sanatanis) are right handed.
For all my lefthanded siblings out there, pls recommend me a non-smear sign pen I’m begging you
So,  I write with Left hand Eat with Left In sports my dominant hand is Right And do other chores with a mix of Right or Left hand. Am i Left handed or Right handed.
Also no one I know from my family on either sides are left handed
What's really interesting is that I'm a left handed writer but noticed that I use both hands pretty equally but I favor my right hand more. Using pencils my most legible hand is my left but if I was to write with my finger using my right hand it's actually better than my left. When I play sports like basketball I'm basically right handed , when I play baseball it's where it gets odd , Im a left handed batter , right handed pitcher , right handed catcher. When I eat with a spoon I hold it on my right hand but with a fork I hold it on my left(assuming because I would use a knife to cut whatever my fork is holding with my right hand) idk but even I confuse myself sometimes like I forget what arm is dominant for what task lol but yeah I can write with both hands and I can do it simultaneously but if I use a pencil my right hand isn't as legible , buuuuut if I was to finger paint I could use both hands pretty evenly and legibly  also I play guitar have been for 20 years self taught but I'm basically right handed for that I tried using a left handed guitar when I first learned but using it the regular way made more sense to me 🤷🤷🤷  Definitely over shared sorry y'all
The left-handed people also have advantage in the bowling games because not many opponents use the left side of the bowling lanes, so the oil on the left side of the bowling lanes are wiped off slower compared to the other side of the lanes.
When you aim a spear or bow, you close one eye. To have true vision out of my right eye, using my right arm and pointing my left shoulder at my target helps create more power, balance, and precision.
There are strange anomalies of handedness in the cricket sport. Let's take the cases of ex Indian cricket players Ravi Shastri and Sourav Ganguly. Shastri was a right handed batsm but a left arm bowler where as Ganguly was a left handed batsman but a right arm bowler.
I’m a left handed stroker 😏
I’m left handed. When I was 6 years old my year 1 teacher forced me to try and write right handed for that year. Apparently she thought left handed people were wrong. I’m now stronger right handed for mundane tasks; eating, throwing, kicking. However playing guitar and writing I still do left handed, when I do tasks which require more thought.
It is clearly obvious that being right handed or left handed comes from which part of the brain you tend to use in your daily task thinking. This has been shown many times in scientific studies. Left handed people tend to use the right side of the brain and right handed people use the left part of the brain.  If you study the old written languages you can discern that writing that flows from the 'right' side of the page to the left was invented by left handed people, this way as you write you can see what you are writing, this is the same for 'right' handed writing who write from the left to the right side of a page and allows the writer to see what they are writing. The hand would hide the writing if not designed in this way. Original Hebrew writing wrote from right to left (before it was changed) Arabic also writes from right to left, in fact the majority of the original languages wrote this way. Some wrote down the page so that both left and right handed people could write with equal performance. (Tibetan and early Chinise)
LA ILAHA ILALAH.
I can used both of my hand to write, they said its not normal.
Other primates are right handed!
I'm antidexterous. Can't do much with either hand...
I’m left handed
How about the people that were forced to be right handed
I have to teach myself how to throw a tennis ball with my left hand, almost impossible. Can throw a ball into a pipe 50 ft away with my right
This is bull$h!t.
There is only two things I do with my right hand, one is writing, and the other one that  I'm not going to discuss here but you get the idea.
In India use of the left hand for eating food is highly discouraged.
this video’s explanation fails to answer the question
I worked on copy machines years ago, one area needing frequent service needed to be dissembled to be reached if you were right handed. If you were a lefty only one part needed to be removed to reach the necessary area. Since I'm lazy I learned how to use my left hand for this procedure.
A robot man is teaching me about who I am.
I use both equally, I can write using both hands, although the penmanship is slightly different. I also don't really favor one over the other.
Born left handed but doing Karate, boxing, along with mechanic work has in later life made me mostly ambidextrous… Only thing I can’t really do is write with my right hand. If I practiced I could get it but life hasn’t put that obstacle in front of me to wanna practice or need to practice.
I'm left handed squad 💪🏽💪🏽
I'm left handed and left foot.  I throw and kick stuff with my left hand or feet.  My right hand and foot are just to be complete v:
I was born left handed  When moms sent me to daycare they made me start writing with my right hand
It's bothering me so much trying to imagine how they scratch their teeth like that cleaning a skin. Like wtf is the rock doing that high up
Maybe being right handed when chimpanzees aren’t reveals that there is no relationship between humans and animals, like thousands of other differences also reveal.
I know that the Homo genus is thought to have emerged in Africa, and that Homo erectus left Africa and developed in Asia and Europe while Homo sapiens were still developing in Africa. When I see depictions of Neanderthals in the media, they often seem to have more Caucasian than African features, with lighter skin and hair. Do we know anything about the skin color of early hominids, or is it all just speculation.
I was ambidextrous but my writing was crap so my teachers told me to pick right
Eat and write w left hand but do everything else right handed
Im sure mine aren't that picky. - 👴
To be right handed makes a lot of sense because it is the opposite side of the heart, which needs protection and therefore a lesser use, preferring the right side to put one’s self facing physical situations, the left being left to rest. With that being said, it is a well known fact particularly for artists that when the left side is well trained and becomes the main side for doing things it’s actually linked to these people having some sort of magical power.  I can think of many talented people, craftsmen and musicians who are left handed and there is clearly something about it. Being right handed myself I’ve seen it too many times how left handed people seem to have something extra in their ways of doing things
I would argue social not biological
Playing against lefty tennis players is always frustrating. It’s like entering bizarro land.
I’m left handed but I spank it with my right 🤔
both of my parents are right handed but my brother and i (im the oldest, hes the second) are left handed. he uses his right hand for sports though, whereas i pretty much only use my left
I’m lefty and from the hood and I beat up 100% of all the bullies
Yeah as if it wasn't a woman who did this
skip to 7:53 for the answer
An easy way to establish your left/ right preference is the following: hold your finger up at arms length and align it with both eyes open with a subject behind it. Now close one eye alternatively. The eye where the alignment doesn't change is your dominant eye and in general your dominant half of your brain.
you will get the answer at 5:35
i was left handed but schools forced it whenever I used my left hand to write the teachers would hit my hand with a ruler so I got scared and struggled with right hand for a while until I got used to my right hand and forgot how to write with my left hand
I write, draw, and eat with my left hand but I pitch, bowl, and use scissors with my right. I can also lift more with my right arm before getting uncomfortable than I can with my left.
as a lefty I can indeed say i'm left handed
I wonder this all my life. Thanks for this video
I taught myself to be left handed because its easier to use the mouse with the right.
I write with my left hand but I draw with my right
Ha! Yes there is a group that are predominantly lefties USA Presidents. Makes you think maybe there Is something inherently evil about lefties !
I write with my right hand and do the holy deed with my left. What does it mean?
Holding mobile on left hand while watching or typing on WhatsApp. Is a left handed or right handed thing. There is no such things Use your all hand legs . And mouth ear eyes and skin  Cleaverly or smartly with your brain . Think and comment. No war.
There are right handed people and wrong handed people.
We never came from chimpanzees.
bro can we actually be serious?? PBS, I really thought you were smart. you're not smart anymore. stop saying we're monkeys. be serious bro -_-. anyway, I'm done watching you guys, you guys have no brains.
You keep saying "after our split from chimpanzees". I probably misinterpret your meaning, but I understand this as you saying chimpanzees is a common ancestor. But this is not the case, so what do you mean with that?
How do you know scratches on their teeth were 'caused by tools'? That seems a stretch, an assumption...
I do many things with my right only, and many things with my left only. i dont know why, is just happened to be like this.
There was a genocide of left handed people in dark ages.
I heard if you're right handed you're also right footed.
I am ambidextrous and can do everything with my left hand that I do with my right. Except one thing: when I write with my left hand I can only do so backwards.
all I know is, all my dogs and cats over the years have been right "handed". Even Bob, a cat who had his right front leg amputated at the shoulder as a kitten. Poor Bob would work that shoulder like crazy trying to cover his turds before giving up, putting his weight on his hind legs, and using his left paw.
They forced us in school
So, what happens if you are right handed, but left eye dominate.
I'm left handed, but did you know my culture forbid left handed activity then I turned out to be ambidextrous
Bleh I hate my parents for force changing me from being a leftie as a child to a beta righty now...
I as a skateboarder feel most comfortable in whats called the goofy stance. this is right foot forward on the board pushing with the left. this however is not normal it could be considered left handed skateboarding, contrary to this i am actually right handed.   its fascinating that these traits stem so far back in human history.
I am a proud born leftie!
Look at bowler Ryan Ciminelli, how his left arm is double the size of his right. yes lefties have a bowling advantage. The oil and lane conditions are always better on the left half of the lane.
0:40 my cat is right hambed
Fock  this video, I never evolved from no chimpanzee or ape 👎
0:29 wow pretty exact 25% range
Why does our government waste our taxes on PBS and other non-science based organizations? Information presented without a shred of scientific  research. 🤦🏼‍♂️
Does it have to do with our heart on the left? So easier and more comfortable to touch our heart?
im left handed
You told that. Left handed has advantage over right handed. Please explain in keyboards in desktop pc. Because  Asdfg start from left . And we write from left to right.
Me a left handed watching this: there’s an imposter among us
my dad forced me to be right handed
We became right handed because of masturbatory behaviours of our ancestors.  They needed to ejaculate quickly before the lions get to them...
I write left handed, but I throw right handed.  I can actually do both things with either hand, but I don’t write nearly as well with my right hand, nor do I throw as well with my left.
What about those crabs with one claw that is much larger than the other?
Left handers over hear 🙋‍♀️🙋‍♂️
I went back and looked them each up, and I found that most U.S. presidents, particularly the most intelligent and more successful of them, are lefties.  Weird.
they say left handed is bad luck, but they don't say for whom. keep runnin sinners
I'd love to see a follow up on ambitious evolution.
I was born ambidextrous but thanks to some fun trauma w the Catholic Church my writing and everything w my left hand was stunted, so I can still do everything w my left hand, it’s just like a 8 year old
"Left handed people tend to be better at fighting" me- I know kung fu
I think I was born left handed, when I was little I was drawling with my left hand, but my parents told me to switch hands cause that was the better. Been a righty ever since.
born as left handed but because of boredom when the world was in lockdown i taught myself to be right handed
Lefty who's spent whole time using right handed tools for most everything else so attempting to use actual left handed items is so clunky.
Odd that right arms are burlier. I’m a righty and my left arm is stronger from always carrying babies and bags of groceries while my right only had a fork or a pen or the car keys
But it just seems logical for someone that uses tools to get used or to chose a preferred hand, so they can use the ability of muscle memory.  Like if i would switch hands for drawing, you could draw with both hands, but if i only use my right i would get better in controlling the pen or brush.  I would for sure become faster and better at drawing because my muscle memory does the job by itself.   There are many people born left handed that got taught to use their right hand because of church or something (hand of the devil), they now use the right hand like everybody else and can’t use their left hand like lefties.  I wouldn’t assume it’s all genetics if there is now evidence found yet.  There are also tools that can is only made for one hand, so if somebody prefers their left hand and makes weapons and tools for other people it could be that they make the tools and weapons for the right hand.
Polar bears are predominantly LEFT handed 🐻
The started beating it
I can attest to the advantage of being a lefty in sports. My first year on my high school fencing team i was in a match with the guy from another school who had won several state campionships, right handed of course. My team mates never touched him. I got two hits. Still one of the proudest moments from high school.
Why not move the stone tool from close to your mouth and away from the mouth? You might hit the other hand but protect your teeth?  You could use a piece of hide like a glove to protect the non dominant hand. Maybe I’m just smarter than a Neanderthal lol.
The struggle after taking notes at school so diligently only realizing that your hand mushed all the words rendering it incomprehensible lmao
Oh I think I actually know how… 💀
The best Goalkeepers in the world are lefties
I maybe wrong...but i believe we also have a dominant eye, and I'm thinking maybe there is a correlation between the two? Like maybe if they are both on the same side, maybe its for aiming and throwing with accuracy, which would have probably been our primary defense, against larger, more dangerous carnivores. I imagine the ability to throw rocks, and later, spears, at predators, was pretty key to the survival of an otherwise vulnerable early hominid.
Maybe it comes down to the Chirality of neutrons and electrons
There's also "cross dominant"
I’m right handed but when I shoot, spar or anything to do with sport I’m always southpaw or left sided/handed
Where my lefties at???
They say the population of lefties is small but I know so many aside from myself
When anthropologists examine handedness on people born in the 80s and 90s they’re going to think we were Ambidextrous.  Because when we watched pron on PC we used our left hands and when we watched pron on our smartphones we used our right hand.
"Why are there still lefties?"  Because we haven't gotten them all... Yet.
Hm why has he repeated everything twice?
Everything is a spectrum these days…
My wife and I are both right-handed (with RH parents).  Our children, however are all lefties. Seems unlikely to be genetic.
I hurt my right hand a while ago and learnt to use my left hand and now I use both hands for different things.
If you're holding the knife with your right hand then what else would you hold the carrot with other than your left hand  ?
"70-95% of us to be exact".  How dare you! lol
Any one else think the presenter looks like Christian Bale?
My wife and I have paternal boy/girl twins who are both left handed and I could tell from the time they were about 1. Just the way they did things. My wife and I are both right handed though I can write, eat, cut, play baseball and hockey etc left handed.. I guess I’m sort of ambidextrous.
Right-handedness is racist and a product of the patriarchy.
All my fellow lefties clicking on this wondering why we are weird
Has anyone tried looking into fiddler crabs regarding handedness? One giant claw and one smaller one. One claw is for defense, the other for picking up food. I wonder if that's just a more extreme example.  Perhaps our hands evolved by random chance to be better at different things, because multi-tasking is beneficial. Being ambidextrous would've required more complicated wiring, thus better to just split the tasks into 2 groups among the hands.
What's with football then, as nearly as 20% of Footballers are left footed and almost 70% of Footballers who are considered to the finest, greatest of all are left footed
"Better coordination, memory, qnd verbal skills." Ahhhh so that's why I talk like a dictionary 😂😂 For real though, as a leftie it's sad that most things aren't made for me. Like fridge doors.
Both of my parents are left handed as well as myself. My poor brother had a hard time learning a lot of stuff being the only person in our house that was right handed.
I was  born  left handed. . I can also  use  both  hands
Because they were holding the phone with their left hand. 🥲
Note he said "70 to 95 percent to be exact". Pretty sure PBS doesn't know the definition of the word "exact" . Ridiculous morons. Government for ya
Lefty here!
I consider myself "left-handed" because that's the hand I use for writing, and I'm a left-handed guitar and drum player. But when it comes to sports, I dribble a basketball and throw a baseball right-handed. Interestingly, my dad is the exact opposite. Another weird thing that I didn't notice until others pointed it out is that I write with my left hand, switch over to my right if I need to erase, and then go back to my left to write again.
Came here to meet my fellow leftiesss!!! Like this comment if you’re left handed too!
My son, his dad, and I are all lefties lol
6:27 Jontron? what are you doing in the stoneage?
Tool use, and tools made in order to be used by only  one hand...scissors come to mind.
Watching this as the only lefty in my family 😂
Maybe it's a matter of your heart being on the left, and it's safer to strike with your vitals further away from danger.
At work at my desk I use my mouse left handed (I do all other tasks lefty) but on the community area of my job I use all the computers with the right handed mouse. I can also use a mouse in each hand on 2 different side by side computers completely in sync
I actually use my left hand when I am writing but i use my right when doing things
the way you repeat and reword the same ideas a couple times feels a bit confusing and disorienting. I do not appreciate it but you gotta hit that 10 minute mark and this video was helpful nonetheless.
I know it sounds weird, but I actively try to use my left hand when doing simple, yet dangerous stuff like feeling wood in carpentry, even though it doesn't come naturally, because I want to preserve my right hand. Not sure if anyone else does that, but I figure why not.
It has to do with the rotation of the earth and it’s orbit around the son which have an effect on humans being right handed in our thoughts that then transfers to our limbs.
I can use either hand on everything so I feel kinda special
Expected a bit more about ambidextrous people. Otherwise good video
I am a lefty
If you train horses you find that they mostly prefer the LEFT legs to lead their gaits, mostly.
Dang as a lefty I definitely picked the right occupation
I write left handed and shoot left dead for basketball but I dribble better with my right hand it feels more natual
It is easier to design tools if everyone has the same dominant hand.
Om
I’d give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Thank you, lefties, for helping the human species to survive. In your own way.
I feel bad for all you rightys
70-95% of us to be “exact”. Precision precise huh
Well I was born left handed, and being Asian my parents freaked out when they first saw I was writing using my left hand and thought I was cursed. So whenever I was using my left hand to write they will beat the crap out of me, and now I'm right handed i guess, but only when I write, I'm still using left hand when I eat, brush my teeth all that.
I always thought we are mostly right handed so we can play polo.
I'm a lefty. I've given birth to four kids, all lefties. Dad is right handed. I'm not sure what that means, except that my genes are super powerful. 🤔 😆
I love being left-handed!!
I'm abdextrous and so are all 3 of my children. We only do things right handed in the ways the world is set up for right hands. Like doors, scissors, writing from left to right (although we all have horrible handwriting), pot holders,  etc.
Well I had to stop the video, My wife is left handed and I lost it when he said left handed mutants... -MG
"Handedness"😂🤣 word you're looking for is axial dexterity
I’m a lefty with throwing, kicking, left eye dominant etc. But for some reason, I write right handed….
I am interested to know what is the artwork visible as a background of the anchor, anyone knows?
I was left handed, but grandma trained me to be right handed. I throw with both hands, I do a lot of things with both hands that I've been told is odd, but I can't write with my left hand.
Im left handed but right footed and extremely coordinated with my right hand because of playing baseball since i could walk. When i started boxing i would switch stances almost every punch. A old guy in the gym stopped me one day and asked me where i learned the technique. I didnt know what to say lol.. i think the combination of footwork being on both sides and having power in the left and accuracy and speed in my right helped me win a lot of fights. Also it helps me in everyday life so much that i dont even recognize it.
im originally left handed but back in high school i practiced writing in my right hand and now i can write on both hands
One of my sons is interestingly ambidextrous. When faced with a new skill-based task like  kearning a new sport, or when concentrating on a mentally-challenging task, such as painting a portrait (my son is an artist), he uses his left hand - too begin with. After he masters a skill, he switches to using his right hand. But wiill still sometimes switch back unconsciouslly,  if he gets fatigued -- such as when playng tennis for a long time.
You call also maintain a fighting stance that keeps the heart further away from your opponent, and your dominant hand in greater range.   The problem with this theory is that is assumes quite a while with early humans evolving under pressure of warfare using basically daggers, which sounds bizarre.Pole arms are pretty easy to invent.  Still, the placement of the heart might have something to do with it.
Here’s my theory: It’s easier to stab a man in the heart of you’re right handed.
I would think it came with spears and co-operative hunting, groups of the same handedness could possibly have been more successful therefore better fed and more able to pass on genes. Possibly could have gone either way
My family (mostly Catholic) in Malaysia believed that using the left hand is a sign of the devil and trained me to only use my right hand. Even my dad who was born in the 50s had his left hand beaten so bad that he lost the ability to draw with his left hand, and neither could he in his right hand. So he just gave up drawing altogether.
Many Arabic and Indian cultures find left handed people distasteful. I was strongly left handed and suffered a lot of discipline to encourage me to use my right hand. Without this unfair correction, there is a more equal acceptance of people using their left hand. In Latin the term Sinister Dexter is used for LH people.
I’m left handed
Because……monkeys used their right hand to light a match when they discovered fire?
This is a very clever video, I really liked it. But I bet there’s a dumb explanation.   Like yeah, it’s biological and there were as many right-handed as left-handed, but the early humans thought that left handed people were heretics or something and slaughtered most of them
¡’m left-handed but the fact is people use to tend to use both hands,..
In fact, I think left-hander individuals are not fully humans, it is a degenerate mutation that cause multiple troubles, particularly when playing musical instruments.   I'd deport them to New Zealand with Jacinda.
I am half left-handed, but I just discovered it when I tried out sports clubs in uni life
As a kid I assumed most people are right handed because your heart is on your left side. It is easier for your brain to develop closer to the blood supply. Since the left side of our brain controls our right hand, tada.
turns out if you remind yourself that you use both hands every time you do something you stop using your right hand as your main hand.
What I learned today was that I’m secretly a kangaroo 🦘
I'm a lefty and growing up we kinda have to adapt since everything is made thinking of right handed people so i guess that's why most left handed people can do things with both hands pretty well
Since the invention of the computer mouse and high-speed internet a lot of people have become left handed
I'm ambidextrous ,but mostly I used my left hand to write
Maybe we should look at the thickness of teeth as well maybe sense we scratched are teeth so frequently the tooth that most likely got hit became thicker in turn
I open bottles with my left. I also play pool with my left. I also drive with my left hand on the steering wheel, I also unlock my door with my left hand, I use the right hand for everything else
This is highly speculative. There's no way to know that those scratches were caused exactly that way.
I try to involve my left hand (and foot!) whenever possible, due to a book I read about how stimulation of the non-dominant side can't awaken neural connectivity across both brain hemispheres and result in greater creativity (never mind physical coordination).
I wonder if the prevalence of righties over lefties has more to do with nurture rather than nature. I once heard that more people are truly left hand dominate but because they were raised in a right handed world they were taught and basically tricked to be right hand dominate. When teaching someone it typically is easier to teach them from your perspective than theirs. So say by coincidence the first tool user was right handed then when they taught their peers they'd probably be teaching from their right handed perspective. That simple start of the chain lead to modern day where things are just made to suit how our ancestors were first taught.
Inferior right-handeds
Weirdly enough I write right handed but I throw with my left except when I did shot put. Due to my balance in the throwing motions for shot put and discus I threw better right handed. When I golf or bowl I can use either hand and after developing my muscles a little more my left arm overall is stronger and more consistent, my right looks much more developed. Both my bicep heads are different as well. Weird stuff haha I have a fairly mixed genetic profile though.
Native Americans tended to be far more left handed than other groups of people
The only thing I can do left handed, is hold penthouse or playboy magazines.😶😉
I have a spearhead from a Zulu warrior. I was going through the channels one day. On passing through had seen a show on spear hunters in the Serengeti. So I started watching the show. Two hunters were hunting a gazelle I believe. To tire the gazelle one hunter with a spear stayed stationary, spear in hand above his right shoulder. The guy, circling for the gazelle around on the right same position with the spear. Their left arm was folded in near their chest. To protect vital organs and their heart. In case the gazelle's horn strikes in an attack. So, right arm out stretched gives greater distance away from heart. To completely protect your heart with your right arm means you have to cross your arm over more, slightly limiting your left arm and torso in certain situations. Also in the way they hunted noticed they also read the hunting seen left to right as the gazelle was mainly off to the left of them. So gives the chance to more easily protect the heart and provide a killing strike.
Ya'll are amateurs, I use my third hand.
My left hand is twitching watching this.
Im left handed, meaning i write or play badminton with my left hand. Using my phone or swinging a baseball bat i mostly do with my right hand.
My dad is left handed, me & one of my younger sister are also left handed.
Oh! And I thoutgh it was because the Left hand was too busy doing you know what.
If they were left handed, all the cave painting would be smeared.  Suffered through that all the through school.  I do the fine motor stuff lefty and the stuff that required more strength righty, and since he mentioned it...tennis right handed, and ping pong left handed.  This was a really interesting video.  Thanks for posting it.
It's really not that complicated.  Most of the stone tools at Home Depot,  were designed for right handed monkeys.
Yes, and most Neanderthals displaying advanced cases of masturbitis, were 95 percent right handed.
I tried learning to write my name in first or second grade with my left hand, it felt no different than my right hand, but my teacher was against me using my left hand and told me to use my right hand instead. Later I learned to write with my left hand when I sprained and strained my right arm, and the letters were pretty readable. Glad I learned to use both hands as needed.
Another advantage would be women carrying their babies on their left side while picking food with their right dominant hand, thus calming the baby because it’s on the same side as the heart.
There's evidence that other mammals such as whales have handedness or at least have hemispheric tendencies most whale lean to the right and it's very rare that you come across a specimen that leans to the left you can tell by the skeletal structure
Are left handed people really better at fighting, or is it the experience of having to deal with someone of a different stance more often than the other. I would like to know if those studies took experience like that into account or not, and what the control was. Were there right hand fighters that just as much experience dealing with left hand fighters, as the left handed fighters? Were they in their prime? What?
Another angle to pursue Heart is on the center-left At maximum exertion of right arm (force), calculate pressure systems around the heart, in the torso, IF the left arm is relaxed to facilitate the pull of veins to the right. Only right arm is tensed. All other parts of the body are relaxed to facilitate the right arm.  Apply to left handers. Check and test using fluid dynamics
When and why on earth did some people start pronouncing the word _experiment_ as _exPEERiment?_  How could something so odd, so pointless, strike them as a thing to do?  Were they desperately bored?  Partially deranged?
I am not going to watch to video, I am here to say that the “right hand” gene is dominant to the “left hand” gene. you should have remember this from school
I think being left handed and growing up in a right handed world has something to do with me being a learned ambidextrous, and helps with my musical abilities.  I was also my softball team’s secret weapon, as I can bat both right and left handed and I’d switch it up to throw off the other team.
Scratches on teeth could be them using sharp objects to break off plaque. Perhaps it builds up so much you have to scrape it with rocks or it hurts too much….
Humans were 50/50.  However, a great early alpha male was right-handed.  He reproduced with A LOT of females.  Kind of like Genghis Kahn.
I’m left handed
So, if being… dominant handed is pretty unique to humans and intelligence is also pretty unique, I’m staring to get the impression the two are directly related somehow.
Our lineage split from chimpanzees … did we not split long before chimpanzees were chimpanzees … we have a common ancestor we did not split from chimpanzees
Wrong answer.  Here is the right answer.   Sword fighting.  The position of the heart. It is on the left side of the body. Right hand sword, left hand shield to shield the heart.  Face to face in a knife fight, the right hand is the hand that stabs "right" into the heart.  That is why we are right handed. It is the killing hand to the heart.
"70 to 95%" is hardly "exact" now is it?
But lefties can train their right hand to be right handed dominant; vice-versa not so much though. Also, can lefties be passed down as inheritance through DNA? I.e. if you're lefties, what is the % that your children or descendent be lefties as well? Because it doesn't seem that way; is lefties the recessive gene or the dominant gene?
I'm a righty but only because the nuns would not let me write left handed in the first grade. I was a teenager before I figured out I was essentially ambidextrous. My two sons are both southpaws. To teach them to throw I had to do it left handed. I had to think about the motions more since I had thrown well my whole life right handed. They both became excellent pitchers and quarterbacks and their coaches complimented them on their perfect mechanics.
Like who all are lefty just like me
How about chewing food in which side of molars?
as a lefty, adapting to use mouse with right hand was one of the biggest challenges, earlier i used to just switch the buttons on the mouse but later on windows removed that feature(or atleast i was unable find it).
What about football? The "left-footers" (is this correct?) are less frequent too. And they usually are more creative, more skillful, more flamboyant footballers than the right-footers.
Idk why but like to watch these random scientific information 😂
Did we split from chimpanzees? Or was it orang-utans?  Or are both theories now debunked by  the new theory that we aren't the children of either?
I'm a righty but for some things I feel comfortable using my left hand. Guess my fraternal side is like that. They are also righties but they do some things with left hand in ease. When I was a kid, I was foolish to believe that left handedness was bad. Obvious that I felt it "abnormal" since it's rare. In my whole life, I have only encountered very few lefties. One was a girl when I was in 2nd or 3rd grade. Along with other kids, I also made fun of her for being a lefty. But growing up, I realised that this rareness isn't bad. But a rareness that's "normal". I can't remember her name. I barely remember her face. I always wanted to apologise to her. Wish I could see her one more time. I still remember that thing. I forgot most things from my childhood but along with some memories, this one is still there. Maybe I am silly here because who knows even she might not be remembering me let alone that incident.
I was born left handed but I went to catholic school and they forced me to be right handed. They said the devil is in my left hand. So now I'm pretty much ambidextrous but there are still things I can't do left handed that I can right.
Dexterity is a really interesting topic and I think it might even be its own type of spectrum. I have a friend who does literally everything left-handed, except for he writes with his right hand.
Well I guess I'm pretty special since I'm ambidextrous
That cutting technique was stressful
We really use both hands,.. usually some activities are more specialized with a hand and others with the other hand.., but just compile the activities you do with each hand and you’ll see how are not that different,..
Where are my Left handed peeps? ✋🏻😉
Hello to my fellow Lefties  here 🤍
I'm lefty with two lefty siblings, I play every instrument quite well also..
This made me think of my sister who is left handed while I am right handed
I wish I understood how the mechanism that causes right handedness in humans relates to other vertebrate brains which do not
I'm left handed
yea when he repeated the same thing for 4th time i was over this
I know they aren't closely related, but don't lobsters genetically favour one claw over the other to be crushing vs the other tearing? Probably quite genetic, but I've always wondered why
There’s no left way to be human 😂
Congratulations PBS for those Youtube videos 👍 really interesting. Alexis from France
I bet we’d evolve further faster if we used both hands. Using one hand develops half the body.
I thought I became right handed because I use my right hand every morning.
Soo...like many unknown fascinating facts..the information provided proves underwhelming to include the misleading title.   Welcome to people!
Was born a lefty but somewhere down the line I changed hands
Weird thing is that barely applies to "footedness". I have no idea how that works, but there are examples of people, myself included, who are right handed but left-footed. Even more so, when I was practicing karate my stronger kicking leg was definetely right, but when i was doing bmx-race (where you have to start the race at the falling gates and pedalling from the start is a very big deal) my starting leg was always left and it felt awkward to do it any other way. Brain is strange
PBS PUBLIC BULLSH*#
Many right handed people were born lefties but were trained to be right handed. I can remember my evil 1st grade teacher taking the pencil out of my left hand and forcing me to write with my right. I remember kids commenting when I doing left handed tasks, like batting. And there are so many things that are designed to be used right handed.  Interestingly, most of my close friends have been lefties. They seem to be easier to communicate with.
I recently found out I was ambidextrous a few months ago when I realized I am comfortable belaying with either hand and that I play tennis with my right hand but badminton with my left hand.
I actually thought this video answered the question it started with... But spoiler alert: No it doesn't 😔
Hmm   *starts using mouse with left hand*
I am left handed but forced to play a right handed instrument the guitar to be precise. I was furious at first, why wouldn’t they give me the correct tool to learn, but quickly realized that I prefer the right handed instrument. I believe the hand orientations or labeled instrument should be reversed . Why would you not the hand with more dexterity on the fret board? Right handed people should play the left handed guitar and vice versa.
Fun fact: if both parents are right handed there is only a 2% chance of producing a left handed daughter
Straight to answer at 5:30
I'm a lefty
It’s biological, no?! Our heart is located on the left and the heart must be kept undisturbed. We do gentle work on the left. So most of our hard work is done on the right.
Back in my day you was considered a witch if you was left handed
how dp they know the scratches did not happen later
Licey campeon.
I feel both loved and betrayed watching this video as a left handed person. So many advantages, but also disadvantages too.
Although the term for right-handedness is dexterous, the term for left-handedness is sinister.
I am ambidextrous. I can do many things with both hands.  It makes sense that us having 2 hands to use both as equally as much as possible.  I used my custom audio subliminals to help me out with this.
5:36
I was born left handed. But was made to practice with my right. I now wright with my right hand dominant but I can use my left and am left hand dominant in everything else. Its strange.
What happens to a person forced to switch hands one way or another? How does the brain function adapt? I was born left handed, however I broke my left arm and had to learn how to use my right hand.
Think about how breastfeeding could determine handedness…favoring the right hand that feels more the mother’s heart…
I was born as a right handed like many humans but in 2018, at age 23 I started using my left hand more often. Today, I do EVERY task with both hands without any difference in the results, including writing.  Although, the right hand remains a little faster.
what about us who use both hands 👀👀👀I am South African.... My DNA leads to uknown or ghost DNA .
I'm not a left-handed guy but I'm confused about how my left arm is much more muscular than my right hand, Any clues???
So if we amputate kangaroos left hands for  100000 years to force right-handedness, would their left hemisphere evolve to be able to create tools? Less go
I found out about being lefty when i was a toddler wanting to learn how to box, the trainer kept showing me the high guard and telling i was doing it wrong until he say “you are southpaw arent you?”
i find it hard to believe that handedness isn't link to a gene because me and my two brothers are left handed
I write, bat, throw, shoot, play pool all right handed...Handling a hockey stick? Right as a goalie, right slap shots far more natural and powerful- Handling and all other finesse and other shots? Lefty 🤷...far superior to right sticks handling.
So tired of theories and educated guesses being churned out as fact
I guess everyone one was lefty in childhood  !!
This is the dummest stuff I’ve ever heard, we were smart enough to make a rock tool but not smart enough to avoid hitting our teeth repeatedly?
Theres a school in india where every student is trained to write with both hands… and they write with both hands, all of them
then how you explain this? : my right hand is stronger but my left hand is more balanced. for example when riding bike i can stabilize with only left hand on the handle but i can't do it with right hand.
My daughter is left handed and self taught herself to play the guitar. When we finally took her to get professional lessons her teacher was shocked that not only did she play left handed but she also perfectly played her chords upside down. He said he, as a professional should correct (not playing left handed) the upside down playing but it intrigued and fascinated him so much that he allowed her to continue and it actually was her greatest strength
I’m just built different
Left side of body connected to right side of brain. Right side brain is creativity. Creativity is art. Best arts are the ones that are made with love. The heart is the closest to the left side of body which is right brain side. Heart chakra and the above are more associated with left side. Under the heart chakra there is more left side brain activity. This is why in the ancient times right hand was used more, for survival (root chakra). Don’t ask how I know unless u know more pls contact me then thx
So I'm special left handed.
Also we were never chimps...humans are an entirely different species....😅
Eh. I broke my right hand and tbh it was like I instantly became left handed. Even writing was the same. Now till this day my left hand feels a bit more sturdy and stronger than my dominate right hand after it has been healed for several years. I even did a grip test for work about 2 years after the cast was off and my left hand was far more stronger, I do believe that is due to my right hand being previously broken.
Ambidextrous💪🏼
Being a lefty sucks especially with some things like pc gaming and operating guns but being unique is cool even with something as inconvenient as being left handed
To sum up: we dont know...
Cause for years if you were left hand you were seen as the devil and just like the witches you got cooked   JK
I was left handed and my catholic primary school forced  forced me to use my right hand. 😠
Now I'm convinced that left-handed people are born smarter.
HINDUSIM
Very nice explaination
Somewhere in multi universe: how humans become mostly left hand 😁
Well, I cannot wipe my arse with right hand, so uncomfortable. And it`s so much easier if I hold a fork in my right hand and knife in the left. Also when I used to wear a watch it often was on my right hand, just seemed better. Am I ambidextrous ?
While walking along a creek I found a six and a half thousand year-old hide scraper lying in the gravel.  The area was a known slaughter site.  The amazing thing about the scraper, besides its age, was how clearly it was cut for a right-handed person.  That truth, either way, makes the tool that much more personal and profound.  It is one specific thing I know about the person who made the tool and who then sent it on to me through time.
I used to work in a music store and not only did lefties out number us righties and put the mouse on the left side as workers, but pro musicians tend to have an orders of magnitude higher chance of being lefties.
One hand dominance: possibly while hunting together it is safer when all are holding weapons on same side of body. This keep one away from weapon of side-by fellow. The strict practice prevails. We become right handed.
So TL;DR - We became right handed for tools until industrialization and then went 'ight that's enough' and started to go back.
Darth Maul is left-handed. Now you know
Has there been a test of connectedness of hand dominance to eye dominance. My right eye is my dominant and my right hand is as well. Is that normal? If so does that mean maybe we use right hand more because more of us have right eye dominance? Could the question then become why are more humans right eye dominant than left eye dominant?
I wonder if kangaroos are left handed specifically to combat against us. If being left handed gives a competitive advantage by being unexpected, then the best thing for kangaroos would be to become predominantly left handed.
I’m a heavily left-handed woman, I do almost everything with my left hand except using a mouse for the computer. But that wasn’t always the case. When I was a little wee child the computer at my house was huge and full of cables at the back, changing the mouse to the other side was a lot of work for a kid so I forced myself to learn with the right hand.   And that’s not all, I remember in kindergarten and first grade I had a few left handed/ambidextrous classmates but this was around the time we were taught how to write, teachers corrected our hands all the time and I’m guessing their parents at home corrected them too and I was the only stubborn one who kept being a lefty but my parents never corrected it at home so I knew It was right to keep using my left hand if I wanted to
people used to think being a lettie was a sign of the devil
So basically, us lefties are just the counter-meta.
I thought my whole life that I was right handed, until I realised a couple of months ago that I do a lot of things, like house chores, washing and even applying makeup, mostly with my left hand. I also found a childhood video of mine where I tried to write with my left hand. Interestingly enough, my mother could have been left handed, but due to educational practices in the USSR, that viewed left-handedness as the wrong way of doing things, teachers forced her to write with her right hand.
I am left handed. My teacher in kindergarten tried to force me to be right handed when i was drawing with both hands. Maybe 4 or 5. I kept choosing the left though. Maybe its a choice. Maybe its maybelline.
nonsense
Left handedness might be viewed as advantageous in the context of familial groups/clans? The greater the range of skills and specialisms, the greater the likelihood of survival for the group. We are always an assemblage of specialists. This is a wonderful channel. Thank you.
Terrific. I hit Subscribe hard and fast with joy in my heart. THANK YOU.
Everyone is right handed, only the strong can overcome.
I consider myself left handed, since I write, draw, paint, and do my job (dog grooming) with my left hand. However, I use my right hand for sports and strength activities like throwing a ball or punching something. I even kick with my right foot and shoot a bow and arrow right handed.   I’ve always wondered why, but I’ve never thought about handedness as a spectrum before. I guess you learn something new every day!
Na, the reason most people are right handed is that in the old days the spear makers only made right handed spears. So everyone had to use the right hand to throw 'em.
I am a lefty but using a computer mouse with my right arm feels more natural than the left. I actually cannot operate a mouse with my left hand.
"I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous," said Benny Hill.
He looks pretty good for 130,000 years old
I became right handed from 🍆💦
I have a friend that says that he was born left handed and prefers that arm over the right… he was born without his left arm from the elbow down tho🤔
I used to work with several different species of macaque nonhuman primates (monkeys) . I have to disagree.  Primates do show favortism to their right hand in greater frequency than their left hand. Seen best with new mothers carrying their young and during foraging. Though I do believe that primates do have a handedness, i can see how it may be more difficult to recognize because of the way they move around...i.e. swinging from branches and the classic gorilla walk.  Just observing their mobility would lead to a conclusion of nondominance.
PBS?.. try again pls
I use both hands for different things. Dominantly right but I can do some things better with the left.
I come from an almost fully left-handed family. I am, my sister is, my sons are, my father is, my niece, cousins, aunt, grandmother and all her siblings are as well. I had no idea how rare left-handiness was until I was in middle school.
When my nephew was a very young he managed to cut his right hand. Bandaged, he learned to favor his left hand and is now both handed as a result. It's odd to think that what was an injury has turned into an ability but it has. He has an edge in many things being able to consciously pick and choose which hand he uses for different purposes.
Most lefty that i met was ambidextrous and good at drawing. Is there a scientific reason for this?
U work with my left n right hand
scratch marks on teeth could only have been 1 possible activity? being left handed is factually bad for you. Life expectancy is 10 years less
look into the prevalence of schizophrenia in left handers and right handers. Theres some deep rooted information there regarding the processes that may lead to the development of schizophrenia. Although im not to sure, id bet someone can make a logical connection.
I taught myself to write and draw with both hands, although I’m right hand dominant
This holds true only for people living in the northern hemisphere. In the south it’s the other way around.
Everyone’s born left handed . The smart ones just grow out of it. ( just a little Humor )
Almost all the arguments used in this video could honestly be used in the same way to explain homosexuality.
I once had an encounter with the greeter at the grocery store that I frequented, an older man who only had one arm (it was his left, and I got the idea that he had lost his right arm at a very young age.) I visited the store shortly after badly breaking my left humerus and was in a full left-arm cast from my shoulder to my hand at the time, and he stopped me to ask about the injury. He asked if I was having trouble doing things with a broken arm, because he had "heard that people prefer one hand over the other". It was so bizarre to hear from someone who had no personal experience with handedness.
6:17 i ask myself this everyday.
What if right handedness was simply part of the cognitive process that humans posses. Like language, it’s easily picked up through observation in our early years. The test would be to raise a kid around dominantly left handers. The question would than be why are some people left handed
Blah blah blah. It might come from being right-eyedness from convergence.
Me who is ambidextrous
Here's what I heard...  Might. May be. Possibly. Maybe. Might be why.   A whole lot of speculation and deduction with no absolute evidence.   Guess work to form a theory.   Blah.
I have noticed over the years, no matter how I do it, my right hand is just better at it
My Body use changes depending on the thing i do its very akward. I write with the right hand, throw darts and other precise things with Left, but i throw heavy things wich need force with right. I am mainly left footet (Football/Soccer) yet i only use my Right foot when using the outside of my foot to shoot.
70-95% of humans are right handed? That’s a pretty big range. You’d think that would be data we could collect with more certainty than that
I'm left handed working blue collar jobs, but writing I use my right,because when we were young our teachers forces us to use right hand
This is all wrong. It's neuro -programming-conditioning. Mammals become left/right handed when they successfully utilize one of their apendages to complete a task. It is more likely that they become right handed because spatial relations operate from the left hemisphere of the brain, but they can scratch or grasp s/t with their left hand first causing a neurological imprint (if it works, they repeat that process, and their left/right becomes dominant). A right handed great ape doesn't have a slight or considerable survival advantage over a left handed ape.
Answer finally starts at 5:05
I am left handed I right draw and other things but I've found that my right arm is stronger than my left
right handed but ride goofy 🙋🏻‍♀️
Lefty here with 3 left handed girls and 1 right handed boy.
"I can shoot with my left hand, I can shoot with my right hand, I'm amphibious." - Charles Shackleford… go pack lol
Ok. But how did we become really crooked to the left?
Could it be that the bone thickening on the right side caused right-handedness?
Wayne Gretzky is left handed.
As a child I used my left hand for everything until grade one where I was constantly scolded and bullied by the teacher insisting I use my right hand only.
Cockatoos are left handed
Handedness is an expression of single eye dominance.  The advantage of strong single eye dominance is aiming. Thus a single human throwing a rock or sharp stick, can kill any other creature on Earth (even a Blue Whale, Ahab!) - something a tiger cannot do! It's what makes Humans the most efficient hunters on Earth and why you never see chimpanzees playing baseball...
Is this some kind of scuffed Sunny Side?
My grandfather, my father and I are all lefty
Thank you.
To my fellow man, sometimes just try switching hands ... Life hack
TLDR: We've got nothing.
Me, a leftie : "screw you and screw millions of years of evolution" :^)
You’ll always be a failure in life until you learn to write with your right hand…. Told this by a room full of teachers the second day of first grade when they found out I was left handed.  Second grade teacher told me to put my left arm in a sling and pretend it was broken.  She’d go easy on me till I learned to write with my right hand.  I’ve never trusted teachers.
Occam's razor Most likely by chance a majority of the tool makers were right handed, so they would have passed down tool making and use of those tools with a right handed bent to them, just like we do today.
I'm right handed, but play left handed as a goalie in hockey (oddly right handed as a skater), also ride a skateboard or snowboars goofy. I play guitar right handed and have always found it odd that my left hand can be so dextrous when to comes to fingerings on the fretboard while my right, when I try playing left handed, is so sluggish
what if it’s your brains tricked by right handed environment
I’m a lefty
naturally ambidextrous gang where u at
Left handed people are creepy and scary.  They should be segregated.
I developed Bilateral Simultaneous Handwriting in my thirties. I also developed the ability to mirror write, and essentially write in anyway I want, backwards and upside down at the same time (meaning letters backwards, or letters backwards, words reverse and upside down), reverse. I started having a neurotic doodling trait where I'd draw a square with one hand and another shape like a triangle or circle in the other at the same time. I don't really practically need it so my muscle development in my formerly non dominant hand is still weaker so I'm still sloppy. I also developed the ability to speak in reverse, it's not fluid but I can absolutely do it. Maybe playing instruments had something to do with it.
I'm left eyed and right handed. So are my brothers and my two kids.  I shoot a gun and Pool left handed.
Shoutout to my left handed brothers and sisters out there
I have to wonder about the lefty part in combat. Practice against all righties and you’ll only understand righties. Practice against only lefties, they would likely have no advantage in combat.
Wonder if culture has had to do anything in perpetuation of right handedness. It's possible that adults preferred to enculture their young though use of right hand over the left.
Um … the theory of evolution says nothing about a trait needing to be advantageous to be passed to its descendants.  And right handedness can be forced onto left handed children for cultural benefit and/or necessity by the available tools.  This is a known fact.  And while Homo Sapiens today may not have Neanderthal genes, many do.  So for those humans, there last most common Neanderthal ancestor was a Neanderthal.     I just say this because right handedness per say could have nothing to do with evolution and until you find a genetic link you have muddled a key concept of science which is: you have more scientific integrity when you admit you don’t know and there is nothing wrong with that.
Lefty here. We rock. Love my lefty guitar. First one after three righty guitars!
So left-handedness is essentially a kind of neurodivergence?
Didn't have left handed books spelling books so i can use both
can't agree on this. Bats are mostly right winged!  Ok there are a lot of bats in the Royal Botanical Gardens in Melbourne. They hang from trees (upside done of course) and when it gets warm fan themselves with one wing.  Noe the vast majority choose the right wing. There is the occasional leftie bat but not many. Far less than 1 in 10.  Maybe they swap over but Iwasn't interested in bat right winged-ness to observe all day. I'd need to be paid for that.
Perhaps the main reason that the majority are right handed stems from the fact that the vital organs are on the left side of the torso. So if our ancestors were to defend themselves from a threat, they would subconsciously position their vitals further from the threat and use the reach of the right hand with a tool like a spear or blade for defense.  And given that they use the right hand with defense they could also use it with general work/labor since they use it so often anyway.
I write and draw with my left hand, among a few other things, to a point where it feels really bizarre and wrong to try it right handed, but I throw footballs etc., And punch and lift with my right hand, as my left feels like it lacks the strength and coordination. It's kinda weird.
So... what about people both right and left handed? best of both worlds?
6:20 Though four legged animals have it as well. Elephants are often left or right tusked. Often you can very easily tell as the preferred tusk is noticeably shorter from wear.
70 to 90% to be exact? That’s quite the gap. Seems like the opposite of exact.
I thought it was because the catholic church thought all lefty were devil hands and slapped everyone into being right handed.
... The first anime fan caveman... Was so lonely, he developed extreme strength and dexterity of his right hand
I'm left handed
i remember being asked which way to write felt best.  I couldn't decide.  I finally decided right since i knew that it would make life easier.  But I still play sports left.
You point out that BA44 in the left hemisphere helps in manipulating objects and that might be the reason why we are right handed. But how are you sure that it is the cause, not the result? Could it be that this part of the brain developed because we are predominantly right handed?
Therre is zero PROOF that our lineage split from chimpanzees.
In Archery, Eye Dominance is a big factor. You shoot a right or left handed bow based on your eye dominance. You could be a right handed person yet be left eye dominant and would need to shoot a left handed bow. However, most people who are right handed are right eyed dominant as most who are left handed are Left eye dominant.
I think I'm ambidextrous because I could do everything I do with both hands but I prefer one hand over the other for certain things based off of which hand is the easier one to use in a certain situation.
Just practice everything with both hands. To become ambidextrous isn't difficult.
Okay on the point of "combat advantage" its not about the surprise really. Its because the angles of attack are different, depending on the form of combat this can actually be a significant difference.
im left handed but ambidextrous. I use my left hand to write and do intricate things like sewing, but use my right hand for things like throwing a ball, holding a racket, my right foot for kicking a ball and use right handed scissors. the imbalance in dominance in my hands is so inconsistent
This is super interesting to me.  In terms of strength training, the big exercises are all compound movements that use a bar which engages both sides of the body equally.  I wonder how this "handedness" impacts the ability to gain?
Although I am left-handed, my dominant hand is right. When I'm writing, using a knife, or eating, I'm left-handed. But when I'm using scissors, throwing stuff, or lifting heavy objects, I usually use my right hand.
It’s human nature to do everything right ! As it indicates to follow right path and stay away from wrong !Stop creating this nonsense….
I am left dominate and this helps me in football so much.
I'm ambidextrous. So when he was little, my son called me "amphibious"."
In Europe, passage in tunnels underneath the castles and stairways were turning right. For it was difficult for right-handed attackers during siege to strike "behind the corner".  Thus, left-handed squads were formed and highly used for their striking from left to right with ease - somewhat of today s.w.a.t. reminiscence.
Left hander here and some tools I use absolutely suck to use ik there's left hander tools aswell.
I have heard the exact opposite of this before based on muscle development in the left arm is we used to be predominantly left handed. Also I imagine once we stopped climbing a lot handedness would come into play.
dominant hand is not always the most co-ordinated, co-ordination is based on practice and repetition, while dominant arm is more clear in combat where one side is stronger than the other, also i believe its cause something important leans left so you need to fight with your right while your left hangs safely
Eh's Hands
I work with autistic children. One thing I've noticed is that they rarely show strong handedness
It is usualy easier to build a tool that works for only one hand than to build a tool that works in both hands. This means most the tools we have are built for one hand, which is almost always the right hand and hence we start to favor our right hand.
I have identical twins and gheu favourite different hands. Really interesting.
I’m a southpaw, mostly. But because everything is made for right handed world I can do things with both hands pretty well. I’ve recently started a new hobby. Axe throwing. I can bullseye throwing with both hands. People around me are amazed, like I have a superpower or something 😆
I was a left handed until i realize i am a right handed
Sir this is a Wendy's.
3:06 That's cool that PBS was able to get one of man's early ancestors to dress in human clothing an play tennis.
i was actually left handed as a toddler, but my grandmother said that is bad or some superstition, so then my family started teaching me right hand now i am right handed. i am quite ambidextrous,  i can somewhat with left hand, play sports with left hand, and most of the time i eat with left hand
the need to reach out also focus the minds always try figuring out best dimension
It's all about practice and adaptation i myself was mostly right handed and I practiced using my left hand more and yeah my brain adapted. It was not easy at starting
Genes glorious genes
👍
I’m right handed. Left eye dominant. When I wear a jacket/backpack, I “wear” the left side first. When I wear single sling shoulder bag, the bag falls on the left side. I use knife in the left hand and fork in my right. When I drive one handed, I use my left hand. When I ride a bike one handed, I use my left hand. When I skate one footed, left foot. My left hand can squeeze harder. My grandma is left handed.
The book The Puzzle of Left-Handedness by Rik Smits may answer this question for you. It did for me.
Me and all my brothers are left handed.
Why havent chimpanzes changing
Some say it was the anunnaki that were left handed. Idk
"75-90% to be exact" (right-handers) isn't particularly exact...
Why are there still chimpanzees?
Mongo and goofy entered the chat
And what if like we have a barbier,  they had a painter. He could spray left and right hands ??
Why do we think it are left hands on those walls?? Could you tell if they placed their back hand or the palm of your hand against the wall ??
But why left hand more active when you play on PC? Even tho you right handed
It's rather simple. Human beings, still today in most places, wipe their behind with their left hand and eat with their right. This is why lefties are discouraged, and forced to use their right hand, in many societies.
Certainly, in sport or combat, left-handedness is an advantage, mostly due to its novelty to righthanders. However, the rest of life in a righthanded world, is definitely harder for lefthanders, and lefthanders tend to have statistically shorter lifespans due to misadventure in a righthanded world.
Any lefties people here??? 🫲
I have trained my self to become both.
Maybe the cavemen made all the tools the same for ease, they chose right hand tools by chance, this could’ve made right hand people thrive more and pass on the right handed genetics whereas the left hand people may have struggled more with the right hand tools and make them less impressive and therefor less likely to pass on their genetics
My Dad was old school.  He would grab the pencil out of my left hand and put it in my right.  Then he'd mumble something about the devil.
I'm definitely right hand dominant, but for some reason once when playing ping pong I switched to my left hand and immediately started playing better, it was such a weird experience 😅
As a person who can write with both arms equally and play football with both feet equally. I came to the realization that lefties found it more difficult to use their right hand than righties to use their left hand
It may possibly be that humans (who are meant to be more organized and sophisticated than other creatures) automatically separated the use of hands for hygiene purposes and to mitigate risks of plague etc. This is clearly visible in Islamic etiquette (though I'm naturally left handed for writing and football etc- prophetic tradition constricts it to the use of the left hand for handling unclean stuff, and the right hand for eating, shaking hands etc
My mom told me when I was little she intended on making me right handed by having use my right hand to write but for some reason I just kept switching and using my left hand. I find that very interesting🤔
i am left handed
As a leftie it is nice to know we do have some advantages....i just wish handwriting, especially cursive, was one of them! I have spend most of my life trying to write neatly and elegantly. It's still like a Doctor's prescription..
I only write and use the mouse with my right hand as it’s the way I was taught, I do pretty much everything else with my left
I'm left handed and I was always told that lefties tend to be more creative or think in a way different than right handed people. One thing I had to deal with was being just about the only one in my classes. Growing up I had to get used to using my right hand for using a mouse because I was never given the option for a left handed one. I didn't even know they existed until I saw Obama using one. I'll always wonder if I would be more precise with my mouse movements if I'd developed it with my left hand instead.
This is NOT a video about HOW humans became right handed. This is a video on WHY humans have always been this way, MAYBE.   This whole long blast of hot air can be summed up at 6:21 "We still don't know for sure"   Misleading clickbait.
I'm a lefty.  My Dad is a lefty.  So was my Granddad.
I was left handed when I was a kid,but in Ghana where I’m from, using left hand to shake hands, take something from someone , eat  and show directions are signs of disrespect so I was forced to change to right in primary school
When I first started to play guitar, I was told that the left-hand had grace and the right has rhythm.  Ancestry would have a lot to do with that.  If, in the beginning of time if there was only 5 continents, 50 people on each continents and 4 used their right-hands, and 1 continent use their left-hand and then we all mingled throughout the next million years and, bam, there you go.
Just found this channel, i love it
So how did humans become right handed?
3:50  Tooth things?
7:11 Thats pretty stupid. I never expect punches to come from a certain angle, like I can switch my stance from left to right and everybody else can aswell. I never expect them to come at my right i just expect that theyll come in general and then look for signs and react to movement.  I expect the punch to come from the front hand.
I'm left-handed. I am only here to learn about the enemy.
Was a very interesting segment until he said “when we split from chimpanzees”…if you say and teach that non sense then I take a lot of everything else you say as nonsense as well. Y’all be cool in the comment section getting edumacated
Been a leftie from the day I was born. I was forced to be right handed when I went to school but started wetting the bed. So my father had to go to the school and tell them to stop it. Result: a hapoy leftie. None of my children or grandchildren are lefties. But because I live in a right-handed world I learned to use my right hand too!
You promised to answer a question in the video title, but didn't answer it in the video.
how come everyone writing about what they can do with their hands
Because I was born with situs inversus I'm actually a right-handed left-hander . . .
Im a lefty
'm cross dominant. I write with my left hand but I can do most anything with either hand.
Weird they didn’t mention opposites handedness with ~20% of twins.
I have never wondered that and it’s an interesting topic. Is probably because along time when had to develop more the left side of the brain
It has also been said that lefties tend to be more artistic or creative. I am a left hander and attended art school, and as a purely anecdotal survey, several of my teachers would ask the classes how many students were left handers. The teachers seemed to think that the numbers of lefties they saw in their classes was much higher than the social average.  It was certainly higher than I had seen in the grade schools I had attended... but I did go to school in the 80s and 90s and at that time teachers in my school system were still discouraging towards lefties and we often got subpar materials. So it is hard to know how many students were forced to be right-handed.
There's no 'right' way to be human. Now that's a quote worth quoting. Great video. Splendid from start to finish
gotta love youtube... These people make a video saying we are mostly right handed... Then shock! Thousands of people in the comments are all left handed .   I tell you, the internet gets less impressive day after day.
I am ambidextrous, I can write, draw and play guitar literally right and left handed. i throw lefty and eat lefty. I can only write righty cause they forced me as a kid, so I learned both, I write lefty now so the teachers didnt win. lol
If there is a land of mechanics you will find many left handed people.
Going to school as a lefty was a huge struggle 😂
Shake right wipe left.
My right hand is severely injured when i was a kid because of a wooden door, force me to use and train my left hand early
Left and right probably came from the sword and the shield and people where trained for the sword and the shield that's probably why ok bye
I tried to write with my left hand but I was told it was wrong my hand writing really sucks but I can write in old English but you probably won't be able to read it
It's from religion.
Just a thought, but if dominant handedness came after tool use, maybe it was to allow more people to use the same tools? If too many people were a mix of left and right handed, then separate tools could've had to have been made for each dominant hand, costing resources, time, and manpower. If everyone had the same dominant hand, then everyone could use the same tools, and instead of making tools for separate hands you could just make more of the same tool and improve on it.
I’m right-handed, but left-footed when play football.. is it normal?
🤔💡Long story short. If the Earth spun in the opposite direction, the majority of us would be left handers. The Earth spins counterclockwise. A force < x = our right side  > that force. The right side works harder to counter that force.
This doesn’t rlly tell us how we backend right handed as much as it tells us why
Me and my brother use our left hand to write, but we do everything else with our right hand. We are also the only ones in our family to be left handed lol
I would love to see a video like this but on foot dominance. As a soccer player, I’ve always found it strange that I’m right handed, but left footed.
I suspect that the language and speech connections in the left hemisphere has a relationship with tools due to communication and handedness due to the communication between individuals as well as the hemispheres.
Dogs are predominantly right handed, I would say in my 20 years of rescue/animal training about 70 to  80%. Generally speaking all mammals have a preferred step/paw. I would say that the reason most people are right handed is due to the left side of the brain is dominant. And tent to be more analytical. Left hand people or right brain dominant people are more artistic.
I’m pretty sure that some much more recent factors are when the musket was invented it could only be properly used by righty’s. Another factor was religion I think they thought lefty’s were bad.
Thanks this helps me. I,v been trying to figure out how come I'm not right handed.
Are you the host of best ever food show
So in short you don’t know why
Ok I have a few questions.  I’m a lefty but I can do most things with both. Swing a bat, a hammer the like.  I use a knife with my left hand hold what I’m cutting. When I am holding what I’m cutting with a fork, I cut with my right and hold with my left. But I can only use my left to throw a football,throw a baseball with both. What does this mean
There’s an obvious problem here. We have opposable thumbs and can teach the next generation. I doubt an animal who can’t would be helpful in answering this question. No chimpanzee civilization has been doing art or wielding tools for eons, so no motor skills.
I disliked this because within the first minute there are two (at least) glaring opinions posited.  70-95%???  What are the qualifiers?  A B.S. statistic.
I couldn't use my left hand growing up. I would have my hand smacked everytime I used the left hand. I use both nowadays but my handwriting is terrible with both hands.
After everyone started using their right hand at the dinner table (about 7000 BC) it slowly became popular to use the right hand for mostly everything. Most tools were invented with the right hand in mind !
This is all guess work....... Similar to a lawyer leading the witness !!
Evolution from primates…. Lol! Our DNA was changed by more intelligent beings. 🤷🏼‍♂️
Horses; horses are predominantly left handed. Around 80%
i went from left handed to right handed
Complete bull. Everyone knows that people that are left handed are witches. That's just science.
Does right-handedness or left-handedness correlate to being right-footed or left-footed? I am right handed, but growing up I much preferred kicking balls with my left leg. It just seemed more powerful and accurate at the time. In spite of my right-handedness, I still prefer my left for certain manipulations, e.g. using TV removes, although I don't exactly know why that is. It's all very interesting.
Is it weird that im only left handed in writing lol
I wonder why I am left eared. I use my left ear to listen to thing like phone, or if i can only use one earphone. And i feel that i can concentrate more listening using my left ear. But I am mostly right handed for most task. There are some tasks that I find more comfortable doing using the left hand. And there are these tasks I can use both interchangeably without any problem.
this is hypothesis
Once our Ancestors Knuckle walked out onto the Plains . Firstly , we stopped brachiating and secondly we had to learn to STAND UP . A Savage period of Natural Selection came into play here . Development of the Fully Opposable Thumb , Proper Feet and an alteration to our Hip Joints . Since our Lower limbs were no longer an extra set of Hands a Separation of specialisation seems reasonable for our New , Nimbler Hands .
My dad was born left handed, but he  was forced by his teachers to learn how to write with his right hand. He was in a catholic school growing up and they used to tie the left hand of the left handed kids behind their back so they only use the right hand. He told me they said the left hand was the hand of the devil. Till this day my dad hate religious people.
Now I feel even cooler(?) about being a lefty
Maybe, one stage in evolution, the right arm or hand was cut off or damaged, this requires the person to use the left hand and the gene past this evolution on.
I'm heavy lefty, I have to draw and write with my left, same for cutting with a knife. But things I grew up doing righty, feel natural too - I can only play guitar right handed, but have lefty friends who are forced to restring for lefty. Learning to unsheathe a katana was difficult, because it's supposed to be done right handed...but if I just practice that way and don't get used to drawing the sword with my left at all, it starts to feel normal pretty quickly (Sword collector here).
Who else switched their phones from right to left hand while watching this video
They mostly come out at night. Mostly.
Anyone else left handed and goofy foot in board sports? i always thought they were connected until i’ve met so many friends that are goofy footed but right handed, or goofy in skating but regular in surfing. i’m lefty and goofy in all board sports but have played a “righty” guitar since forever
I'm left handed in all things except scissors and pliers
Is this the same reason why some people strongly prefer using their left or right feet?
I just now stumbled across this video but I think the evolutionary reason is much simpler than this. Using your right hand stabbing with a weapon puts your stabs naturally in line with hearts, kill faster, eat more, win at evolution. Cheers 🙂🍷
A very well researched video and continuously held my attention!
"After our lineage split from the chimpanzees"... No scientist is certain about it yet they keep saying the same.
I'm left handed and 50% of my kids (2 out of 4) are lefties also.  We're making a comeback!!
This is Malarkey.
Lefty gang
I can only write words and language with my left hand. However, I can paint and draw with both hands is easily. I can’t throw with my left hand at all. I can only throw a ball or a frisbee with my right hand, and I bat right handed.
Excellent video! Question - If there are diminishing marginal benefits for each new left handed member in a population (as mentioned in the video), shouldn't we then see an oscillating pattern in the population over time?
Gotta love YouTube answering questions I never asked.
I'm a leftie, the world forces you to be ambidextrous. I can use tools with both hands, which is helpful when my left gets tired, I play guitar right handed also. Writing is an absolute chore though.
As a right handed person that's almost ambidextrous, that competitive sports thing is on point. I've been able to destroy people much better than me in sports like tennis because I can switch hands and perform virtually the same. The look on their faces when I change hands is just priceless 😂
Team right hand all the way baby!!
I'd love to know if there is a relationship between autism spectrum and ambidextrousness. I'm on the spectrum and I favor my riight hand for fine motor skill and left for strength, but I can switch as needed. For instance, I used a right-handed glove when I played baseball when I was little, but I developed a problem with my shoulder and just switched to a lefty glove and threw with my left hand. Took maybe a day to get used to it. Anyone else experienced this?
I'm a lefty; but I bat from both sides; and because I can; I golf "right handed" and the power advantage is massive because of it.  The other part that nobody takes into account though is if you are same eye dominant or cross eye dominant.
pretty lazy writing, just rewording the same information over and over again
No animals uses one hand for personnel hygiene.
Im a lefty ❤
I'm the only lefty in my intermediate family. Apparently one of my dad's brothers was left handed. We're mexican so he probably has a lot of brothers
I am strongly left-handed. I can barely do anything with my left hand that records any degree of accuracy
Since the world is set up for right hand left handlers are more likely to die in accidents.
i wonder how much of the reduced lateralization in lefties is due to nurture/environment vs. nature. As a left-handed person, we grow up in an environment that has many things set up for right-handers, like a computer mouse. We end up learning to use those things with our right, while preferring other activities with our left, so the "load" ends up getting split more evenly.
What about being right or left footed? Would be interesting to know
I write and everything with my right arm but I kick and stuff with my left foot lol
What about chirality at molecular level?
In the use of the Leboyer Method of childbirth - giving birth in warm water and dim quiet environment - 102 out of 104 births resulted in the child being ambidextrous (equal ability in both left and right hands). It is believed that this is the result of the birth event being less traumatic for the child, causing both hemispheres of the brain to work equally. An environment that a modern hospital birth presents - bright lights, people shouting “it’s a boy!, and the drastic change in temperature causes one of the brain’s hemispheres to experience trauma that causes it to not work as equally…
this video genuinely could've been 4 minutes long if he didn't repeat the same things over and over again...
What about the theory that right-handedness evolved from mothers holding babies on the left side of their chest to be closer to their heartbeats? This would’ve been a result of bipedalism, too. Obviously not the sole explainer but I wonder if it contributed at all?
Thank you!
Well I’m an arm amputee, so this is awkward…
I’m left handed but grew up in the 80/90s with a right handed father. So these days I’m ambidextrous but still left dominant
4:59  We didn't "split" from chimps; we both shared a common ancestor and evolved simultaneously.
Spanking my monkey always feels better in my right hand. So I'm right handed.
I write left handed but type with my right hand 🤔🤔🤔and kick right legged and bat right handed 🤔🤔and shoot with my left hand and serve left handed in tennis
bros made up a theory abt a tooth scratch
My handedness feels weird. I'm left handed when I write, I hold a firearm from the left, but I throw ball from the right. I bat from the left, but hold a sword/melee oriented weapon from either left or right. Weird.
Me who writes left-handed, but does everything else right-handed.
I shoot fencers
im ambidextrous. I throw a baseball left handed and a football right. I use tools right handed and write left. I box left handed but sword fight (with lightsabers because im a dork) right. I wonder how much of that has to do with the fact that all the men on my dads side of  my family are left handed and all the women are right handed. on my moms side of the family, everyone is right handed except for me and my brother
left handed
XD
Hold on we didn't split with Chimpanzees. We split from a common ancestor of both chimps, gorillas and other great apes. Its different. That was 11 Million years ago. Not even chimps were around then
8:25 "it just goes to show that there's no right way to be human" lefties: I KNEW IT
In combat/martial arts, the advantage disappears the more skilled the martial artist is.  At higher levels and experience there is no difference between right and left.  Being left handed is only an advantage against neophyte right handers.
My dogs always been right handed( /footed) and so is the cat i currently have.
Can’t believe people still believe nowadays that we “split from chimpanzees” 😂
My wife and I have identical triplet boys, and interestingly, 1 is right-handed, 1 is left-handed, and 1 is mostly right-handed.  Apparently when they split (2 separate split events apparently), at least one of the splits was 'symmetrical'.  The just turned 30 years old.  If anyone would like to do some sort of DNA test on them, it would be interesting, not sure how to, or who to talk to...
Religious people murdered left handed people for being the devil's work.
Terrible presentation.
u mentioned that left handed people have the element of surprise in sports and im like yup, sounds about right. and u say darts? could any1 elaborate?
I am left handed for writing and drawing. I am ambidextrous for most other things. I have noticed most tools like a screwdriver work better if used in the right hand.
I am a lefty. When I was younger I broke my left and had to rely on my right for 2 months. Alot of things I prefer to do with my right except high precision tasks like writing.
iv been right handed all my life but the only time im left handed is when i play pool. its so weird i thought i was using the right hand until my dad pointed it out lmao
My spouse and I are both left handed our two children are right handed.
I thought Most Japanese were left handed. So much so that their books are backwards according to the right handed people.  Most things in Japan are left handed. Even their school desk arm rest.
am left handed. get some
They didn’t want to be wrong handed?
Am a lefty 👍🙏
0:35 “70-95% of us to be exact” 😂
While I am mostly right hand dominant, injuring my right hand as I learned to write means that I can trade off most fine motor skills with low strength requirements for little loss. In fact imagining the skin scraping, given that the primary strength call would be to keep it taught, I think I'd stabilize right and skin left. Interesting that injuries to my teeth may one day label my bones as a lefty.
Southpaw vs Orthodox in MMA: If you bet all southpaws vs orthodox then you have a 6% ROI. If you bet all SWITCH fighters vs orthodox then the ROI jumps to 11%. That's based on all bouts since 2014, when I started the Bet MMA site.
if you feel you evolved from chimpanzee to human doesn't mean it's true
I still think it is pretty weird that I am fully right handed apart from when I play tennis irl. However when I play tennis on lets say Wii sports I prefer to play with my right hand. Its pretty weird…
I've spent a lot of money on LH mice. They are rare and cost 3x the corresponding RH model ( Logitech, Razer )
Proud lefty here
I’m left handed and left footed.
I write and draw primarily right handed… bat and golf left handed… bowl right handed… box left handed… shoot right handed as left eye dominant… lift heavier with my left arm… but have finer dexterity in my right hand…
I started as left handed as a kid but my parents forced me to become right handed.
i do everything with my right hand, except write
write with left use right for everything else. can't cut paper sometimes hahaha the struggle is real.
Growing up around horses, I learned that most horses are "left handed." I wonder how much of that is due to selective breeding for utility or racing purposes? They probably are just left handed as a result of our own right handed-ness. I.e. carrying weapons on our left to be drawn out using the right hand, preferring to walk on the horse's left side because that then puts them on our right side
I'm a lefty but spent a lot of time as a child learning how to use my right hand. Now I do most things equally well with either hand except throwing a ball and writing.
I live in Croatia, and ofc I'm proud that I have SOME archeological dig ups in my country. I even went to the museum in Krapina (the place where Neanderthals were foind) and they NEVER mentioned a single thing about the teeth scratches!
Anyone else reading way to far into the idea of pbs being essentially how the government is trying to deal with the dissociation of our new generation from thee government and this is them in a way giving us logical and unbiased information to help us trust them better 🤔
I was born a leftie but was trained to write with my right. Now I‘m both handed
Left handed tennis player here and it’s funny seeing people react to a serve that curves the opposite way
Could it be possible that the reason we have left handedness at all be an evolutionary advantage for early tribes of humans? If using tools is a “right-handed” thing, and lefties having the advantage in fights…wouldn’t that make wanting someone in your family/“pack” being left handed desirable, which is why the trait hasn’t completely died out. So having a left handed person or two in your circle leads to better chances of survival if you’re being attacked by another tribe. Also, it being more common amongst men, who are usually considered “protectors” could possibly add more stability to this theory. It’s just a theory.
I’m left handed when writing or using tools, but when it comes to sports my dominant side is always the right (kicking, throwing, boxing) 🙃
I mean... I haven't watched the video.... But Christians accusing lefties of being the spawn of Satan..... Definitely might have something to do with it 🤣😂🤣
3,511,449 views, 108k likes, 8kcomments, 2.29M subscribers. Nice!!
Its interesting how much more ambidextrous lefties are in comparison to righties, Im left handed but play guitar and use my computer right handed, mind you I play video games at a very high level as well but my Left handed writing has always been terrible looking even after hours of practice taking a class and living and writing on this earth for nearly 20 years.
i think im both handed, just slighty better with my left though
I’m a lefty and in a right handed world and so often it is simply easier to use your right hand so you learn to use both hands. I see many right handed people who may as well have their other hand tied behind there back. Give a right handed person a proper pair of left handed pair of scissors and they can’t believe what lefties put up with. I tend to do accurate stuff with my left hand and strength stuff with my right.  Handy being able to wing a hammer with both hands. I used to share house with three other left handed people.  That was interesting. Nice video.  Well done!
Cool I'm a mutant
another proof that we are evolve into crab
They could've gotten the teeth damage from cleaning their mouth with Stones... You don't know for sure it was caused by hold stuff with their teeth... The audacity he said that with, you'd think he was present... SMH.
Why do some crabs have a massive claw?
I'm a lefty when writing/drawing, but a righty with EVERYTHING else.I'm a freak.
What if your ambidextrous
As a lefty I could’ve picked any sport to play and I would have had an advantage. But I picked golf. The ONLY sport where leftys are at a disadvantage… Fml
So a more accurate scene from The Princess Bride, should have went like this:   "Then why are you smiling?"   "Because I know something you don't know. I am not right-handed!"
Im ambidextrous but i was taught to use my right hand. My right hand is my strong hand and my left is my manipulator.
I am naturally born ambidextrous, I am rarer then a lefty. Like by ambidextrous I mean fully ambidextrous, I do everything with both. I don't know how I do it though, got an answer for me?
My right hand is so dominant, I end up doing some things as a leftie. I write, play tennis, hold my knife, catch objects etc with my right hand. But I play golf and deal cards for example with my left.  I realised I do this because when I pick up a golf club, with my right hand, I don't then switch it to my left but instead hold the club at the top with my (overly) dominant right and my left hand takes the lower grip, as would a leftie. I pick up the pack of cards with my right hand and allow my left to deal.
Anyone else only use their left hand for writing? I draw mostly left too but can switch depending on what’s the easier angle
There is a saying that using left hand engages both halves of the brain, whereas using right hand only engages the left side of the brain Being left handed wears more on the brain, having left handed people having slightly shorter life spans. Is this correct?
I knew a boy in middle school who was born left handed but was ambidextrous because his parent thought being left handed was a sign of the devil and would hit him if he wrote with his left hand.  This was in 2011 in Arkansas 😂😂😂
I’m the only person I’ve met who was born ambidextrous.
Do birds have a wing preference?
That don't look right how they clean the animal hid..no animal would keep hitting themselves
Left handed with a right hook 😔 I can bowl with either hand.
Most kangaroos are left handed though. *Edit: was mentioned later in the video
When I was in elementary school I would right with both hands then when I went to high school I only used my left hand, today I punch harder with my left hand but catch cut wing better with my right hand I think I use my right hand more exept when writing 🤷🏻
Left hand gang
Right handed with a left dominant leg.
Growing up we were told that if you were a leftie you would burn in hell.
Cut away from your teeth silly
I have an uncle who can use both arms. He's a farmer.. he can use two machetes at once.
This video was a huge waste of my time
I have left hand
Because Right is right, Left is wrong.
Sometime i just do chores with my left hand, just to see out of curiosity what my left hand can do.   I think it’s genetic that we inherited from our ancestors. But when it all started why they pick right hand, I don’t know.
we didn’t split from chimpanzees lol
I'm left handed, I just came to gloat
Also using tools with right hand allow you to protect your heart with your left arm  on the same time 🤔
I just find more enjoyment by learning to use different hands to do different jobs
I'm right handed
SO fascinating the investigation skills they use on fossils to discover our evolution!
i do mostly everything with my left hand but i was taught to write with my right hand.
7:00 lol yup I'm left handed thats my strong arm when I got into fights In middle school and 1 in high school I faked my right hit and hooked or uppercut them with left. Only got into 1 fight in high school because at that age I realized we were getting strong to the point someone could get seriously injured or worse because my friends and I started lifting weights in 7 grade in 9 grade we were already benching over 225 weight training class the best period to release your teenage testosterone lol
This comment section is full of such fun anecdotes
I was born left handed and forced to use my right as a child. For the most part I will be seen as a right hander due to the training however I can actually feel that I am left dominant ie my left side is stronger not only that sometimes doing things in a right handed way feels emotionally awkward, like when I did martial arts. Kicking with my left leg was no problem however I felt the struggle to kick properly with my right even before I had attempted to kick, something protective within filtered the information and told me the right was wrong
I write with my left hand but hold eating utensils like a right handed. I brush my teeth with my left hand but use scissors with my right hand. In sports my left hand and feet usually have more power but my right hand and feet are more accurate.  I hold the computer mouse with my right hand, use my phone with my right hand and smoke with my right hand. But then I do a bunch of other things with my left. My family never pressured me to do anything with the "correct hand or way". So I always did what felt comfortable.  Isn't this pretty weird? I don't even know.
They fell for the trap of believing that they had to make a choice, it is as simple as that. Could have been ambidextrous but no, self limitations are so much interesting...
leftie here
This video sums up how i hit word count in all my exams
In a similar way, many orders of mammals appear in an explosive manner. Niles Eldredge explains that “there are all sorts of gaps: absence of gradationally intermediate ‘transitional’ forms between species,  but also between larger groups — between, say, families of carnivores, or the orders of mammals.There is also a bird explosion, with major bird groups appearing in a short time period. *Casey Luskin*  *The Top Ten Scientific Problems with Biological and Chemical Evolution*
handedness reflects tool-use?  Australopithecus Afarensis 3-4Mya used (Lomekwian) tools
Not to mention that we lefties live in a right handed world, what does that mean? We lefties need to learn how to use our right hands, so technically lefties are ambidextrous.
na is far more simpler in europe during the dark age the people had a superstition that left handed people where retards or evil and they persecuted them,shunned them and even kill them, so most parent teached their son by behavior to use right hand as dominant hand and by mimiking they past the behavior of using mostly right hand.
I’m a left handed boxer (southpaw) and I used to go into the ring with my opponent in a right hand stance until my opponent was tired or if I was losing the fight. As soon as one of those two things happened, I would wait until the next round and get into my Southpaw stance and when my opponent saw the switch, you could see the dreaded look in his eyes. Priceless 😂😂😂
Crazy that there’s still people today who believe we were once monkeys who “evolved”🙄…. Be glad you’re not one of the dumb monkeys who didn’t lmao!!!
Being born left handed was a pain in school. Using water markers on whiteboards made my left hand erase whatever i was writing on them at the moment xD
Im a lefty but my memory is pretty bad
I was taking  animal drawing class and we were learning the locomotion of animals, we learned to do a walk cycle for horses and most horses bring the right front leg forward first. While the rear legs do the opposite. It’s actually quite complex how they move, the different orders in which the legs hit the ground vary depending on if they’re walking, trotting, or sprinting  However my teacher told me that about 10% of horses do this with the left leg first and have a completely opposite order.  You can think of these as essentially left handed horses.  Saying no other animal has a preference may not be true. I’ve literally observed it.
one of my friends can write well with both hands, he prefers writing with his left but ALWAYS signitures with his right. - "I just do so"
Couldn't handednedd have something to do with eye dominance?
I write and shoot with my left hand but throw a baseball, bowl, throw a punch etc. With my right hand. Does that make me ambidextrous?
As a left handed  person i've never felt so powerful before
laughs in left handed
I spare you the 10 minutes: It isn't clear.
Im gonna end left hand supremacy
Sucks going into a music store and looking at the selection of guitars for lefties.
Left-handed people are evil 😈 doers!  😶
70-95% are right hand wow.  must be nice. LEFT HAND PEOPLE UNITE!
Left-sided people are so gifted, bro.
I'm cross-dominant I'm not really ambidextrous but I am mostly right handed but I do a couple of things left handed like cutting but there is hardly anything I can do well both right and left
Next time, don't drink coffee with your right hand, you'll drink less, chill out and we'll all glean more from your motor mouth words, geeez don't drink coffee at all prior to filming..
I write and use utensils with the left but I punch and throw with my right. I don’t know why but that’s what feels natural for me
This is far fetched lol I don’t feel that they were dumb enough to be cutting hide and slice there teeth over and over that badly. Everyone of those tooth marks comes with a giant knife gash cutting your lips ect wide open. There’s no way they wouldn’t be more careful and not repeat the same mistake over and over after an experience like that. It doesn’t even seem plausible whatsoever. They could also easily hold that end by placing it under a foot instead of using their teeth wich is exactly what 99% of them would be doing lol it would make the job 10x easier and after cutting your face up I’m sure that came natural. How hard is it to hold an end under your foot on the ground. Ppl are way too gullible.
We are also the only species to dedicate time to make and watch this types of content.   We are also the only species that wants to find a meaning in everything and wants to talk about the meaning of everything.  Maybe what we need is to not to think every little thing that much, let it be more.  We are also not in the mind of other species to asume what they prefer.
These days, we call intelligence community & agencies (anglo)Homo-Habeelus(arabic) 👌🤷🏽
An interesting implication of the competitive evolutionary advantage of left-handedness, is that it is only advantageous as long as it remains rare. Can you think of other examples of advantages that would become defunct if they became commonplace?
I've been ambidextrous and very confused all my life
With the exception of handwriting I am almost entirely ambidextrous and it definitely comes in handy (pun not intended) playing sports.
I am lefty
Not from 1.7 million years ago guys, 1.8!
We were not made from monkeys stop with this nonsense
Left handed people are going to hell. Sorry
I think there is too much conjecture in this. Also, if being left handed is an evolutionary advantage then that would mean the majority of us would be lefties. The fact that it's uncommon makes it an advantage? That's the first Ive ever heard of that in evolution theory.
Next time I go to the zoo imma look at the monkey and laugh stupid monkey didn’t evolve now he’s lives in the zoo
Goodness gracious, that is quite the whittling knife @ 5:40
If I was scraping a hide like that, my hand would be moving AWAY from my mouth so can’t imagine slipping and scratching my teeth in that hide scraping scenario. And if I did it would be something that only happened once. I wouldn’t be doing it over and over. I think the scratches might be from something else
Religion decided that being left handed was sinful, even though people are born that way.
two hands one tool
I am barely right dominant in handedness and left dominant with footedness. Started tae kwon do after shoulder surgery as a way to have fun and work the last of the soreness/stiffness out. Picked up combat sparring left-handed. Learned two things - I am practically ambidextrous and it is a huge advantage to be a lefty as the video indicates, and if I face a lefty, I can now swap to my right if I want, and they don't have quite the advantage they're used to because I know how they work.
I am ambidextrous, check that out
as a left handed person this video is fascinating lol
I am ambidextrous, I can tell that writing with each hand is not a perfect mirror of one another.  Since both hands are expected to write the words directed towards the right side, the controls to write with each hand are not mirrored.  In both hands the middle finger is responsible for writing the letters.  However, if you want to write with your right hand, your right thumb is the finger responsible for moving the writing forward in direction the right side, while the other fingers just hold working as support.  On another hand, if you want to write with your left hand, the controls are flipped, that is to say that the left thumb is only meant to hold as a support, while, instead, the other fingers are the ones responsible for moving the writing forward in direction the right side.
I can write with left hand... really slowly.
I was ambidextrous till my grade 3 teacher made me choose
I became lefty because none in the family are left handed and i also convert my little brother to be a lefty too when i was still curious why left handed are not used so much in everyday life.
So, how did we become right handed? The video doesn’t seem to answer the premise that it poses. I feel like you owe me money for the time you wasted.
I am left handed but... we had right handed scissors on school wich were difficult to handle so now days it's difficult to use left or right hand to use scissors and i prefer not to use scissors...both sucks...😅
Does it have to do with the dominant eye?
bro had a huge knife for a twig XD
Chimpanzees supposedly our distant relatives but there are other animals that have DNA closer to ours…… things that make you go 🤔 😒
Leftys just like to be different.  Out of a family of 10, 2 of my siblings are left handed.
6:38 I don't like it when academics talk like this. it really irritates me. Sometimes, like red-haird-ness in the Irish, it's genuinely, literally coincidence. Evolution is like throwing spaghetti at the wall and seeing what sticks. Sometimes, uncooked pieces stick, just because, allowing them to make it to the "next round" in the gene pool.
When I was a kid, I was obsessed with being a lefty. So I taught myself how to use my left hand for everything! I’m not a true lefty but I was so proud to teach myself that. There are still things I prefer/do better with my right hand but that’s to be expected
My whole family is left handed and has been for 4 generations. It’s strange because they say it’s not genetic but we never all learned to write from each other, all from different schools in different countries.
You overlooked the most important reason most people are right-handed in modern times ~ school.   You should know this one...     Schools & teachers were told to strongly encourage (force) all students to use their right hand for writing and everything else.    Rarely did they allow a left-handed child to continue using their left hand.     I wonder why, when clearly, as you pointed out, the left-handed people have many superior talents.      All part of the dumbing down of the 'working class' in society...  You also neglected to mention that many upper class members of society are left-handed   😉    hmmm 🤔
To the point about no human population recorded to be mostly left handed. There was a tribe near Mongolia called the "dzungars" literally left-hand. Who were apparently famous as left-handed fearsome warriors.
My husband and I are lefties.  Go figure all of our kids are righties.
They were cleaning their teeth. Not an accident.
Male cats are more likely to be left-pawed
When I see the animation models, environment and sound... I feel nostalgic 😣
So up until 4th grade, out of classrooms of 30 kids each year, I used to be the only left handed kid in class. After some test results from some test they used to give us each year called the CTBS test, I was put into something called GATE, which to me at the time just meant I had to go to a different school starting in 5th grade. Out of 30 kids in that 5th grade class, 16 of us were left handed, and it always struck me as interesting.
in med evil times they would build circuler staircases in castles , which disfavored right handed attackers then stack them left handed defenders
That’s because so few people are in their right minds…
I was born a lefty in 1979.. by preschool, they had changed my dominant hand to right.. I guess it was easier for them to teach writing back then.. but now, I'm ambidextrous 😊
Lefties got some nice shooting form.
I could never write, right handed. It never felt correct and so the left it was and the left it stuck. I throw lefty, catch in either dominantly. Use scissors with my right, Eat with a fork in my left etc. I suppose with swords it wouldn't matter which hand I use as it feels natural in either. I use a mouse right handed and not lefty. I also do not feel as though I evolved from evolution either, almost feels insulting. I feel that reincarnation is a possibility and that I am not from here originally.
Sad because I was born left handed but my grandma didn’t know how to teach me fr and I learned everything right
Curious why the evolution of language (and the corresponding real estate in the brain it required) wasn't discussed as a potential contributor to handedness.
I wonder, I'm right handed but left footed and I've never been forced to do so, it's that way as long as I can think. It would be interesting to know the reason behind it, because it seems a little bit wierd to me.
As a LEFTY  I can only say that after eons of persecution  we DESERVE TO HAVE A VOICE IN DESIGNING SISORS !
Lefties are the devil’s minions.
My father and I are ambidexterous. We can use both hands equally well
I'm left handed in terms of finer skills, but larger things are more right handed.  If I want to write something or similar tasks that is for my left hand, but If I want to throw something "far" or "accurate" (I can neither throw very far or very accurately, but...) that is for my right hand. Have never been sure how common something like that would be.
My family is predominantly left handed
Clearly it's bcz mogul khan was left handed and his seeds were dominant
While it may be the case that lefties did/do have an evolutionary benefit to keep it around, it doesn't necessarily HAVE to be beneficial. As long as the trait isn't detrimental to procreation, it could be benign enough to hang around.
I'm left handed dominant. Forced to use right hand after breaking left on someone's face
Maybe same mystery as why amino acids associated with life are all left handed instead of 50/50.
My grandfather was born left handed but was punished throughout school and was forced to use his right hand. I could see this being a common thing throughout early history; you're just chilling there and Ooga Booga shows you this new skill he learnt with his right hand but when you try to do it you use your left hand. But in Ooga Booga's mind you're doing it wrong and he keeps forcing you to use your right hand till you can do it.
I’m sitting here trying to learn and they keep showing ancient naked people that are conveniently covered by angles. Psh. We all know those dongs are huge. I’m trying to learn. Not think about wangs! 😂
My dad is left handed but likes to use his right hand to write so basically use both I never noticed it until I was 19 I asked my dad are you left or right handed he said both
i still dont know that we are majorily right handed..... I know its an old thing and scientists havent figured out, so now my brain is F'd coz now idk the answer of this so question. Disliked
Both my parents are left-handed they had five kids and we’re all right handed. Although when I play basketball my left hand is dominant as far as driving to the basket but I still shoot right handed tho.
Left-handed people have huge personality and mental health issues. They have personality disorders, but great skills in other areas. Aries and Virgo are anger addicts and stay away from them. Especially if they are left-handed.
Because we started doing everything with our right hand, i would guess.
This narrator should keep his uneducated opinions about how he feels the human race came to be. If we evolved from apes there wouldn't be any ape's left. All of them would have evolved. There wasn't any kind of limit according to all of the best scientific evidence. However there is what they call the missing link. That and the fact that there are still ape's. So two out of three prove we are our own spieces. There are many animals that share D.N.A.
I write left handed but do everything else right handed
To me, the main question is still not answered and that would be "why the right side, not the left?" I guess the outside world is mostly symmetrical, so in my personal opinion, it could have something to do with the fact that the heart is on the left hand side. Maybe if you have the dominant hand more to the front during fights, it makes it easier to protect your heart? Just speculating here, really. Any opinions?
Wow I never thought about this. Good idea for a video. A brilliant mind is needed to think of something so random
I don't get how horizontal  scraping  and slipping  leads to teeth being scraped
I love seeing all the leftie fencers in the comments. I'm not a great fencer, but I still made it to varsity at my high school just because nobody knew what to do with a left-handed opponent.
Lefty male here o/ hehe I can use my right hand, but my left is absolutely much stronger than my right :p
The right-handed have faster reaction time, a distinct evolutionary advantage for hunting, but then again it could have originated when we started wiping our butts.
Our ancestors were ETs who help Lift humans out of the Stone Age…🤫
no no no it was so a man could lead at the waltz
Would be interesting to see a group of Lefties start their own community / country and compare their accomplishments after 20 years of separation .
Cats exhibit right handedness - left handedness preferences on the basis of sex; females are mostly one and males are mostly the other.
I write stuff with my left hand, but when it comes to using tools or tossing rocks i use my right. I just can't write with it very well.
* laughs in ambidextrous * I do tend to use my right hand more bc we live in a very right handed world but in sports it was definitely helpful. Field hockey goalies have a glove and a stick. It’s damn near impossible to do anything with the stick especially if you’re right handed(it’s in the left hand) I stopped a penalty shot with my stick and I think it’s the best thing I will ever do in my life. Also in lacrosse I went with my left hand because people expect a right handed goalie and will aim accordingly
I am predominantly right handed [writes right, eats right] however whenever wringing clothes or washcloths I tend to hold one end to my right as an anchor and twist out from my left, however I am interested in learning ambidexterity for flexibility :D
I’m right handed and left footed. Is that common??
I was born left handed but the Catholic nuns at my preschool switched me over to be right handed. Now I am ambidextrous  Gotta luv those Catholic nuns !!!
I can write left handed but only in huge letters.
Cats also have a dominant paw. Females are usually right pawed and males are usually left pawed.
m a leftie,trying to buy screwdrivers was an absolute nightmare
I speculate that right handedness is a result of eye dominance.
I think that they will find that handedness is related more to the location of the language center in the brain. The Broca's area is on the left side. This causes many problems for left-handed right-brained people. Dyslexia Autism spectrum and many other brain abnormalities are higher in left-handed people.
lefties are superior, and I say that as a righty.
I’m left handed… I’m built different
lefties like some organism exist to gain an advantage over his companion not to necessary to make our species stronger.
neander-tall 0:03
This should be interesting. Nobody knows the answer to this question.
I heard that some species of parrots prefer a foot or eye over the others. Since there eyes are on left and right sides they prefer to look at stuff with one side more than the other.  Thought that's cool too
The Annunaki gene that we have, might be righthanded.
Shoutout to the lefty’s out there with me!
Im left handed
Its due to brain function and rationality.
All of the people commenting are ambidextrous and we all feel special :) lol
Is 2:58 SUPPOSED to be an optical illusion? Cause at first i thought the person was holding the racket with their left hand, but then i heard what the hit said, and realized it could go either way.
The lymphatic system.
Always thought it was interesting that the vast majority of hockey players around the world are "left handed shooters" (left hand being the lower on the stick with the right hand near the top) except in the US where the majority are "right handed shooters"
Didn't chimps and humans have a common ancestor and humans did NOT descend FROM  chimps but rather each group evolved from that common ancestor?
So-called "southpaws" are very much in demand for any serious group of boxers. No researchers needed, any boxer will tell you why you need to train with at least one lefty.
Ok understood, i'm some Kind of a superhuman, NICE!
"70-95% of us to be exact" riiiight.
the hand slipping theory does not sound solid at all
There is something very sneaky about lefties. ;)
The original Semitic people used to be mostly left-handed. Their writing systems is a proof of that.
1959, 2nd grade I was given left handed scissors and of course I put them in my right hand and they didn't work. I'd learned to hold my right hand in place guiding paper thru the scissors. Righties switch hands cutting meat. With right hand parent behind me I was taught to cut with my right. No switching, European style!
are you goofy or regular?
Left handed people are under influence of the devil.
By teachers hitting with a big stick !
Not true. Horses are handed.
Write with my left hand.  Throw with my right hand.  Had to deal with league coaches, P.E teachers, and even regular teachers telling me I was either writing wrong, or throwing wrong.
The right side of the brain is strategic in its processing. Hunting, gathering, farming and all survival is strategic.  Don't take any "science " too seriously as they are usually wrong do to compartmentalized thinking.
i was born as left handed, in my country, left handed people are seen as  a child of  the devil and other,stupid beliefs. as a left handed i was forced to use my right hand for writing and using eating utensils.
Was playing some badminton in a match and was clearing shots to his backhand corner but he returns them perfectly as if it's his forehand. Then realized he's lefty.
I’m right handed, but after I broke and dislocated my right shoulder when I was 12, I was forced to learn to use my left hand to write and do everything else for 6 months. As a result, I’m quite ambidextrous and I can even drive nails accurately with my left hand.
I was ambidextrous until I went to school and my teacher forced me to be right handed.  55 years later, I still haven't forgiven her.
I write with my right and catch and throw predominantly with my left. But can catch and throw with my right very comfortably. I kick with both legs as well
They thought they were impressive but we’re actually nervous af… 😂
I started off ambidextrous, but people around me would yell at me for writing with my left hand, so I pretty much lost that ability.
0:09 I'm just gonna say, thats a dumbass conclusion, and is surely not how these marks arose.  Couldn't you just say... we don't know for sure? But this is what we see and think is a possibility?  The conclusion made, off of such a lack of evidence, is not respectable whatsoever.
Well, Paul and Ringo are lefties.
Their is proof that left handed people are lower iq
I won't tell them if you won't
My cat is right handed.
Left handed homies where you at like this comment unite
Subservience and the wrong humans being reproduced. Smart people aren’t having kids when bigoted people are having the vast majority. To the point where I know global warming isn’t going to be stopped. Humans are animals and we’re bad at being animals.
Alternate universe: how humans became mostly left handed
Personally, I think it's random which hand become the dominant one for the majority of humans, but I think having most people have the same handedness was selected for because it makes cooperative tool use tasks (eg, stripping a carcass together) easier. If you have a righty and a lefty working closely together, they're likely to bump elbows a lot more than two righties or two lefties.
Serious scratching teeth 🤷‍♂️
I slipped and scratched my teeth?
I recently learned that left handed people have a higher genetic mutational load. Left handed people are more likely to be autistic, schizophrenic, or experience othet mental illness.  (I'm left handed and autistic and so are both of my sons.)
We lefties live less on average cause weve more accidents duento tools being designed for right handed mainstream people duh
Boooooo right handed people
I'm right handed, and right footed. I pick up things with my right foot better then my lef t foot, which is often the base that I rest on when I reach for something with my right foot
I can use both hands.
I write with my left hand but I use my right hand for a lot of things.
From the video I don't get the answer as to how did humans BECAME mostly right-handed.
👇Lefty counter
I am left handed it gave me an amazing advantage playing sports in basketball, and especially volleyball. Being a left handed volleyball player is the equivalent to the ultimate video game cheat code.
i like to spar in hema with a lefty, its training for the brain and give very interesting situations.
I bat, golf right, write and hand tool use left?????
There’s not a genome. It’s repetition. It’s man’s willingness to learn in order to live. It’s training oneself to learn the same task over and over again. And learning from those before us in order to do it ourselves.   Food for thought.
My left handed brother has had a stutter since he could speak.
There is also a cultural aspect, where being left headed was considered wrong, and were forced to write with you right hand
Clickbait. You did not answer the question. Do not abandon your high standards PBS.
The advantages mentioned for lefties remind me a lot of the origins presented for left-twisting snail shells. A large majority of snails have shells that twist to the right, to the point where animals that develop specific adaptations to hunt them often show the same assymetry in their mouth parts.   There is however a subset of snails (including some whole species) which are left-twisting, and while this can make mating more difficult in cases where it is only isolated individuals, these snails undergo significantly less predation pressure from highly specialised predatory species, thus giving them a niche, but again only so long as most snails remain right-twisting to prevent a strategy of only attacking left-twisting individuals from being viable.
I love it when scientists state stuff as if it’s fact when they have little to know evidence to back up their claims.
Why does the caveman look like Tom Cruise?
What also helps the number right handers is the schools and churches forcing left handers to be righted up through the 1950’s.
You need to look into Zebrafish. They are used a lot in brain hemisphere differences.
Roy Jones Jr is right handed who has a bigger left bicep compared to his right. That is because of his devastating lead hook.
Left handed samurai were forced to train right handed BUT if they fought left handed they had an advantage over right handed sword wielders because the angle they stike is parallel to the angle that a samurai deflects. This did not apply to Knights who were taught weapon versatility. This is why Knights beat samurai
i’m neither left or right handed, am i broken?
I am born as a right-headed person but when i was at 5,i had a huge dengue fever shock that sent me into a semi-coma stage.But i didn't die and i grew up,i kind of found out that i can use my left pretty well instead of my right if it was busy.I guess it had something to do with my brain.
Most human's have eye dominance that correlates with their hand dominance. Left hand dominant people are left eye dominant. There are exceptions however.
Nowadays, most tools are made for right-handers - as scissors, the brake-pedal of a car that is used with the right foot etc. Thereby these tools can have a higher danger for left-handers to hurt themselves - even severe. If this is a general trend there might be some self-enhancing effect during evolution: if even prehestoric tools are better to use for right-handers, genetically based left-handedness may have a smaller chance to reproduce.
Whats more  amazing to me is the strenght of those teeth. Repeating strikes with a stone and they barely got ascratch..,
Funny you mention lefties and righties. Because ever since I was a tiny tot I have been ambidextrous (meaning I can use both hands) I just prefer my left hand for writing but I can actually use both hands for writing.
I'm left handed growing up in a right handed world so I write and play sporte with the left but I shoot guns and play instruments with my right
So being a lefty is a deficiency 😂
I have four kids. Three out of the four are left handed.  I'm right handed as well as my 2 different spouses.  Weird.
I'm a southpaw!
I watched my son become left hand as a baby. He loved to eat while playing with his toys. The hand he used for eating was his right hand and he did not want to put his food down so he played with his toys with his left.
I'm small motor (writing, brushing teeth, eating) left handed, and large motor (throwing a baseball, holding a steering wheel) dominant. Sometimes though eating sucks cause neither hand feels comfortable!
I went to high school with a guy who wasn't even the best pitcher in town at the time and was surprised several years later to see him pitching in the major leagues where he lasted over 12 years. He was a lefty.
Or The first guy was righty, and taught everyone else
Does anyone have an idea if birds have a wing preference? Maybe one is outstretched faster than the others?
I had a very serious cut on my right hand once and force myself to use the left hand while it heals. and after some weeks I just woke up lefthanded. it's like the brain shifts the sides... after 4 months of recovering, I started using the right again and after a while the habillities switch back to them. today I mostly righthanded but I keep some tasks in both.
When he said left handed people have some advantages I thought “ha, it only helps me when I’m boxing”
Left handed life lol
If you are left handed, you are in your right mind.
I'm glad you mentioned the differences in fighting skills between left and right handed people. My theory has been that left handed fighters and hunters were vulnerable to being defeated by liver strikes that would incapacitate them and therefore take them out of the gene pool.
I worked with someone who was right handed until she broke her right arm as a young child.  She had to use her her left hand to write, etc. and turned into a left handed person.
Mostly left-handed here, with some right-handedness.  I write, throw balls and play tennis left-handed, and kick a football left-footed. But I play golf right-handed.  This means that in tennis, my backhand is stronger than my forehand, as I'm used to leading with the left shoulder.  I use Western cutlery right-handed, probably because I was taught that before my parents knew I was left-handed. But I have to use chopsticks left handed.  I use a computer mouse with my left hand, but I don't reverse the mouse buttons. And I can easily use a numeric keypad right-handed. This means I can just about use the mouse and keypad simultaneously...
we studied our pet cockatoo to see if she has handedness and she does- she always uses her right claw to manipulate objects or hold food for eating :)
I imagine this video mostly attracted fellow lefties, am I right?
I was born lefthanded, I broke my arm and became righthanded. I can't even attempt to right lefthanded.
I like how at 7:22 he talks about left-handed people not showing up so much in certain sports like darts and they like how the guy in the stock photo is a Lefty
The arguments for the reason of being  "righty" aren't very convincing.
My boyfriend is left handed and he has excellent memory and leadership skills.
No right way to be human? I call unbased 🤨
Here's a cute quote you could work into a conversation.   "After all we eukaryotes have to stick together."
What about those crustaceans that have a claw that's bigger than the other?
I was in competitive fencing for awhile (swords).  Left handed people would think they had an advantage, as people weren’t used to attacks from the left side of their opponents.  Once you adjusted for this, they were caught more off guard as they weren’t used to their opponents familiarity with this attack.
How come almost all of your hominin art depicts only males?
At school they told us that you can't go to heaven if you're left handed so they had special attention for lefties to fix that  'problem'.
I've always found it odd that, when playing a guitar and similar,the left hand does the more complicated work of fingering for right-handers and vice versa Strange ,eh?
Weird, looking like our ancestors had barely any women among them
Elephants can be right tusked or left tusked.
left handed gang raise up
Mothers are also evolve to carry babies on their left side because it give them advantage to use their right hand freely
Me holding my phone up to my ear with my left hand and brushing my teeth with my right while watching this
I think it's the lack of toilet paper. Clean with one hand and eat and pass food around with the other. It happens to be the left hand that parents taught their kids to use, and over time the brain developed following the behavior.
Proud to be left handed
If you ever need brain surgery hope that you are not left handed because being right handed is a huge benefit
My two special abilities include being ambidextrous and doing the worm with my eyebrows
The thing with left handed people in combat sports is also that they train with a ton of right handed people so they are used to it. While most people might never train with a lefty
Evolution is fascinating
I am a left handed female and it's great to feel special XD
So left handers are literally "born to fight". Kind of cool.
Someone once told me because more people's peckers lean to right and I believed that was true forever.
There are advantages in being right handed due to the fact that most stuff is made for people to use with their right hand.  Probably a decent number of accidental issues with that I know using an angle grinder left handed means that the guard isn't protecting you (unless you swap it)
I'm a lefty.  I wonder if cavemen flipped through magazines backwards like I do.
I write with my left, but everything else I do with my right
I'm left handed. But I'm right handed while using a computer 🖱️
i write with my left hand but play sports with my right. it’s a spectrum i guess.
Once I saw an interview with a cat trainer. He only used rescue cat that were left handed. According to him the lefties were smarter and easier to train. After that I observed my own cats. All of them only used their right paw.
Very interesting! Thanks!
At 7:40 "it may also explain why left handed frequency is so low".I feel like some facts are ignored ,not so long ago when people were thought to write they were disciplined/forced to use there right hands even though they favored the left. It was considered a defect. This was still true to some country's (comunism) even up to 1980 , my brother was told repeatedly to use his right hand. Was sent to correctional hours after school , were he would get hit with a ruler on the left hand when he wanted to use it.Could this also be true for neaderthals that learned by mimicking ??
If you look up famous left handed people you'd be surprised how many there are
"Handedness, if you could call it that..."  Uh, that's what it's called.
Explains why it was beaten into a few generations to use your right hand if you're a natural lefty. Didn't want anyone to have the upper hand
Why is there such a low population of left handers? I don't understand how the advantage would disappear? Like how does it know anything about the global population? I can't see how that would be coded genetically? like does it only show up with a certain probability?
Why don’t American Tyrannosaurus rexes flip people off?   Because they only have two fingers! 😆
Woohoo 🎉 evolution n shyte... Lefties unite 👍
Not true when it comes to cats and dogs. They favor one front paw over the other.
yeh my first day the boss sent me to the hardware shop for a left-handed screw driver - I quit the next day.
🧢
It's ridiculous how Americans have such ignorance related to football which is the sport that best explores left "handed" people.
I am left handed, but I will always use a mouse with my right hand
So what is the reason for right handedness? Heard mostly about how being left-handed is fine too(which is common knowledge) but nothing about why being right-handed is usefyul in stone age.
The real reason for the right-handed preference is, as suggested, due to the bilateral nature of the human brain. As Iain McGilchrist notes in his fine book, The Master and His Emissary, the left hemisphere (and thus the right hand, which is generally controlled by the left hemisphere in vertebrates) is more concerned with grasping, while the right hemisphere is more inclined to deal with novel stimuli. In fact, according to McGilchrist it is only the right hemisphere (what McGilchrist refers to as 'The Master') that attends to novelty. Functionally, I suspect the right hemisphere is multi-dimensional and therefore able to deal with the continous function that Time represesnts (as background, Time is an essential element of movement). Whereas the left hemisphere, which appears to be two-dimensional and discrete is much better at dealing with static relationships resulting in far greater precision - much like a Cartesian or two-dimensional map. Thus, precision is the domain of the left hemisphere (and typically the right hand), while immediacy in terms of our reaction to stimuli, such as a predator, is the domain of the right hemisphere. In short, the right hemisphere is concerned with our survival from predators, while the left hemisphere is focused on us gaining prey or food. This bilateral approach to cognition is the evolutionary result of vertebrates (placentia-based animals in particular) moving from the relatively static world of plants, to one involving movement - thus involving Time. This change occured over 500 million years ago. Language, and speech in particular, is typically the domain of the left hemisphere, as a concept or a word is essentially two-dimensional, as set out by a word's definition, i.e., its defnining characteristic, along with the magnitude or measurement associated with that characteristic which represents the second dimensional aspect of a concept. This latter development, the creation of concepts and thus 'thinking,' began to happen about 70,000 years ago, with language (which represents how we tag our conceptual abstractions) first being recorded about 5,000 years ago. In short, our tendency to right-handedness is a function of our evolutionary bilateral brain.
I'm left handed
What about riding goofy?
Happily left-handed. Fight me.
Lefties are better at being righties than righties are at being lefties.
I use both
fascinating.. you don't think at least some of this is due to language..? this being a huge distinctive features of our species and our cultural evolution aa well as a laterally split skill..
Is the host the cobra kai guy?
So... This means who is still left handed isn't a human at all... 😂
Luckily I’m a lefty fighter but still can fight orthodox since I’m right handed. It’s odd tho as I fight more elusively and counter strike when lefty and much more aggressive and power heavy when orthodox
I’m right handed but do a lot of things lefty. Oddly the one thing I can’t do righty at all is getting on a bike or motorcycle. The way all bikes have the kickstand on the side for a righty is really difficult for me as I have to undo the kick stand and hold the bike up and lean it the other way lol
Love the thought. But it comes down to the champion who started teaching. If your instructor taught and trained you according to a boxers orthodox stance, you'd  learn through that stance to keep your power hand back and set things up with your lead.
I told my daughter to trim my hair y I thought I was dizzy when in a snap she used her left hand to work around hard areas of my head…she already had been married then…
Imagine having to decide what hand to use every time you are going to perform a simple task. I guess we discovered that assigning an specific hand turns us into a more efficient species.  In order to study why one hand was picked over the other, we may have to study the structural design of the early "buildings".  If all these structures were build in a similar way, there is a chance that the right hand was forced to work more often than the left hand.
Well I was in a car accident & I use to be a righty but my tendons in my right arm tightened up causing my wrist to turn into a claw basically so I had to learn how to be a lefty.
As a lefty this is interesting 🤔lmao
OMG if you right handed it is because you have a dominate right eye, the main factor is your dominate eye. in my case i was genetically born left handed, with a dominate right eye.
Lefty is a disadvantage in basketball, so I don’t believe there’s any advantage in sports other than there’s just less to train against.
I knew a guy once who was left-handed. True story
My father was born left handed but was forced to write with his right hand in school (1940's).  He had terrible handwriting his whole life.
I wonder if hand dominance has something to do with eye dominance.
😂😂😂😂😂 So and how humans becam right footed?
I’m glad that I’m left handed
I think it is a result of learning to throw stones accurately. The rareness of baseball pitchers that are truly ambidextrous supports this.
Are there any theories that take into account how our inner anatomy is not symmetrical either? i was thinking that maybe the position of our heart or other important organs might have something to do with right-handedness making up the majority.
Repeatered and observable behavior. Repeated content. :) Monkey see. Monkey do.
One thing that is interesting to note - left handed people have a distinct disadvantage in competitive video games. left handed mice are rare and the specialized mice that are used for competitive shooters are nonexistent in left handed versions. This leads to lefties using their right hands for their mouse.
Fun fact: Michael Vick who does everything with his right hand because he’s right handed , but throws the football with his left hand.
Favoring right or left is also seen in dogs. Researchers found this when looking at dogs tracking people. If the dog loses the scent it turns either left or right making a loop back to find the scent again. It turned out that individual dogs always turned in the same direction. They were either left or right turners. Also look at dogs when they play. Which paw is mostly used for whacking the counterpart or to get the attention of the owner/handler?  In my own case I’m VERY right handed. But I’m just as equally left footed. My father was ambidextrous and I guess me being wired differently has something to do with this fact.
All people are born right handed. But then a select few get smart!
Not so. Its purely anatomical due to heart placement. To reach out in a curl motion such as writing or bringing in after grabbing means more of a strain to a point that's the center of that curl or points close to it. Simple math and physics.  This can be tested by the grab shoulder cap opposite side. Does not matter if left right handed strain on heart comes more so from left side. Lol also we all know body is typically asymmetrical with majority of blood pumped to feed right side even though heart left as most of the other major organs including skin weight is right side. Even right kidney usually has more mass. Even length of right side is usually longer.
Guys talking about humans being right handed. I’m sitting here typing with my left asking myself am I human? 😫🥺
Lefty gang unite!
jimi hendrix
The first rule of being left-handed is not to talk abougt the benefits of being left-handed. Which is how you know this guy is a rightie.
If you are left handed you are more evolved bc you win more in sports, ok
What about parents forcing left handed children to be right handed?  Surprised that you missed that as a factor in humans. And other pressures to be right handed, not just bias in the availability of right handed tools. Unless you mentioned it but i missed it.
something I always thought was weird about left-right handedness was why do right-handed guitar players use the Left hand on the fretboard? the theory I came up with is that it is simply because the picking hand leads the fret hand
Lefties are weird. I don't trust them.
These people cant figure out what bathroom to use and you think they know how humans became mostly right-handed. I cant even with you people.
People with severe mental illness are disproportionately left handed.
Odd thing is my whole immediate family is left-handed, dad, mom, sister and I.
When I eat I put my hand in my lap, so I use it even less than most people lol
5:18 LICEY CAMPEÓN !
I find this interesting has im right handed  but when i shoot a gun im left! But my husband who is left handed but shoots a gun with his right!!!! Just interesting!
This video doesn't provide a definite answer.
I'm cross dominant. Was hoping I could learn more about it here
Our lineage didn't split from chimpanzees. Ever. Carry on.  *Editors note*: "They haven't found the handedness gene, but left handedness may have come from a genetic mutation"? Doubtful. The earliest writers we have evidence for wrote both left to right, and right to left. This is called Boustrophedon. Various theories exist obviously, but learning to be ambidextrous in general is great for the mind, which would appeal to a bunch of hyper intelligent cultists who already practiced multiple forms of consciousness expanding.
I do prefer my right hand, but when I work I use the left and right almost the same amount. And I've never found anything that I just can't do with my left hand. I also score almost right down the middle when it comes to personality tests. And my aptitude tests aren't right or left brain dominant. I also barely have a dominant eye. It switches depending on what I'm looking at. So, I think I use both sides of my brain almost equally as much.
"I'm ambidextrous" Yeah okay
Lobsters are also right handed/left handed at the same % of humans.
I wonder if hunting animals had a piece in the puzzle as well. You tend to use your dominant eye when executing a precise shot, or like you stated threading a needle. It would make sense that one would use the dominant hand with the dominant eye to make more precise motions with the body, especially if it came to eating protein that day or not.
I draw with both hands, left when laying down or when the other is tired, and the right to write when up, but I have a dominate foot, it's the right.
The fact that hand dominance is pretty much 88%-11%-1% across the world and throughout history regardless of other factors, I still think it's more of a randomly determined thing. There also seems to be a lot of mimicry involved. I'm ambidextrous myself, and there are some things I do better with my right hand and some I do better with my left hand, but both of those seem to be learned things with me. When I was a toddler I used both hands equally. That would make hand dominance heritable the same way OCD is, not genetic, but copied behavior. And if you want a really controversial opinion, I think sexual preference probably works the same way. And has the same ratios of prevalence, I believe.
I was born a lefty but was forced by my grand parents to use my right hand when I started to draw and write five decades ago. This gave me a hand writing so bad that I hardly could read my own scribbles from my initial cursive handwriting, so I switched to block letters in seventh grade and then to print script in university when I had to use both upper and lower case for nomenclature and e-mail adresses.  I CAN write with my left hand, but only block print. However, I have become quite ambidextrous in other skills and I often use my left hand for mundane tasks like opening a jar by unscrewing the lid with my left hand, and I can easily use most tools with my left hand almost as well as with my right hand.
Not gonna mention the Catholic church abusing, maiming and straight up murdering people for being left handed?
My husband is right handed.  I'm ambidextrous.  Our daughter is left handed.
i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
Lefties can type faster too as the most often used letters are on the left side of the keyboard.
No Indigenous People have ever proposed that humans evolved from Apes. It is not in their Mythology.
I can’t believe that they would have scraped the hide from side to side, seems obvious. The only sane way would be scraping away from the face and starting on one side gradually shifting the hide to the opposite side to eventually scrape the entire hide. They’re floppy, so scraping side to side would be impossible.
You sure those weren’t stress fractures on the tooth? Caused by holding the pelt in his mouth at an angle? Also why would he repetitively hit himself In the face lol
Doesn't make sense they'd scrape left to right...it'd be really unstable. I think they'd go teeth to hand instead because the hide would be tight the whole way in that direction. Make the tooth marks make more sense that way, too...place the blade against the teeth then scrape all the way to the hand.
All 4 members of my family are left handed. My youngest is adopted.
surprised that carrying offspring/nursing was not mentioned.
What about birds? They are all bipedal. Of the parrots I have lived with over 45 years, each one has had a definite preference for holding objects or stepping up with one foot over another.
Homophobes : "Nature DOESNT EXIST IN SPECTRUM" 1:21 *Str8 Right Handed people* : 👁👄👁
Cats are handed by sex. 😊
I searched Google and these comments to find some commonality with my theory. My theory is that, the left lung is a bit smaller because of the space utilized by the heart. I believe that uncounciously our body seeks out to make us use the right hand. However, I have a question that I'd like answered. We write from left to right, making it ideal for the right handed. But, what is the percentage of left handed people who write Arabic. Since Arabic is written from right to left.
I am left Handed =)
I heard somewhere that the reason we prefer the right side is that mother’s instinct was to hold baby in their left arm close to their heart and they would use the right hand more often for tools and other things. Not I sure if this is true but it’s interesting!
You explained nothing.
@7.35  How is advantage in interactive sports related with survival ?
I can watch this channel all day 🤯
So everyone is unique 🐒🙃
Left brain, right brain. One dominates and produces more offspring. Not that it's an inferior/superior thing, just how evolution works.
In the 70’s growing up, my grandmother would tie my sister’s left arm down so she couldn’t use it, because she believed being a lefty was a thing of the devil.
Stop saying we came from chimpanzees. We didn't.
No right way to be human.🥺
"Hands are handy because they're handed with handiness." ---Albert Einstein
Both of my parents are right handed but my sibling and I are both left handed!
Kangaroos are predominantly left handed... I mean they're from down under so that makes sense
oooo hyenas
I am left handed in writing but throwing I do with right, and kick bals with my right foot.
Righties are Neanderthals. Lefties master race. Got it. I’ll assume the remaining 9:30 of the video reinforced this takeaway.
I think that being right-handed (or same-handed as the majority) gave an advantage in *learning*.   It's easier to follow and duplicate a right-handed teacher if you're right-handed.  Lefties would have an inherent disadvantage in this important process.
So if the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, and vice versa, that means that only us lefties are in our right minds!
I’m left handed when using one hand ie table tennis but right handed when using two hands ie cricket
Being taught to assist with airways. I find that handing stuff to an anaesthetist with my non dominant right hand allows me then to the manipulate an airway (BURP or Cricoid pressure) with my dominant (left) hand. I'm less of lefty than I was as a kid but that might be due to having my left arm in a cast for several weeks when I was 16.
This is the reason why I say Europe and all the countries that drive on the left side of the road are wrong especially with manual transmissions. The way they have it set up a person will have to do things like changing gears, adjusting radio or temp and stuff all with their non dominant hand.   . The way we do it, our left hand can be used to steady the wheel - a very simple task that doesn't require much dexterity. And our right hands are free to do all the other little things that need to be done from time to time while driving. And even if they keep the design of the cars like in the States there'd be the added challenge of oncoming traffic approaching the side of the car farthest from you. And its just easier to make sure there is enough space between oncoming traffic if it coming nearer to you. .   Usually I am very critical of the bass ackwards way we do things here in the States but driving on the right side of the road just makes more sense.  Seeing as how the automobile was invented here I wonder how all those other countries developed driving on the other side of the road?
Born left handed. School wouldnt have left handed like i was a leper. I became the schools best sportsperson football rounders throwing cricket ball comps as i ended up basically being able to use right n left hand and feet. Snooker n pool i excelled being mainly a righthanded player but able to change. Darts use either just as matural but box southpaw and left is my powertool
How many people were forced to be right handed
People are mostly right handed as left handed people are primarily genius. Guess what Einstein tesla watt edison Aristotle da vinci and newton all had in common they were all left handed
great content as usual - apart from using footage of two right handed boxers to illustrate the advantage of left handed fighters.
Also cutting food on a plate: I normally use my right hand to spear an item (carrots, beans, whatever) with the fork in my right hand.... except cutting meat, where I transfer the "spear" to my left and use my right hand to cut the meat with a knife. Only (some) North Americans do this -- in Australia,  I  was looked at like I  had sprouted a second head
I am right handed but left footed. But that may be because my right foot is missing.
the 1st :21 seconds, Does the 1st 20+ seconds highlight how/when (some) humans developed a taste for blood of prepared & cooked animals? such as raw (Steak Tar Tar) & under cooked (extra “rare steak”)
Watching this on the 1st anniversary of uploading.  I wonder if anyone has looked into the handedness of chess players.
You were right, she left me :( only because we couldn't hold hands....
What about ambidexterity?
Right-handed hominids murdered anyone who was left-handed...primates have a deep distrust of anything different.
3:52 "They began to wonder about tooth things."
As a righty I've noticed I have short phases of immediately picking up on any lefties I see, whether in real life or tv. Then the phase disappears till the next time.
5:30 ba44 brain
Purely anecdotal: I’ve noticed that left-handed people are often very creative and artistic.
but when they dont have a lefty bow, golf club, gutar, etc. 😞
Us lefties are more likely to die because cars and most factory mechanics are built for right handed people :(
My grand daughter was not raised with her dad. From holding bottle, spoon etc she was left-handed. It was inborn in her not learned.
I always thught that handedness in humans was based on blood flow from the heart. . There is a stronger blood flow to the right hand, allowing people to fight or work harder with the right hand. When people have heart attacks, the pain is usually in the left arm for the same reason. Sorry no scientific information, just my thoughts.
I read that cats are mostly lefties
Being left handed you often have to be ambidextorous. Most poeple don't realize this, but so many of our modern conveniences are shaped for right handed people. Zippers, keyboards, doors, coffee pots and my favourite example, scissors, are often made only with right handed people in mind and can be quite uncomfortable and awkward to use with your left hand, so a lot of us lefties learn to use our right hand for some stuff. Notable exception being a high school classmate of mine who used her left hand for everything and even had her computer mouse on the left side.
I like the bipedal aspect
Funny enough, cats also have a paw preference. Most male cats are left pawed, most female cats are right pawed
An ex girlfriend of mine is left handed and has red hair; both her daughters are the same. It's really weird watching them cut onions or bread.
Lateralization of fine motor control of the hands may have been related to the emergence of technocomplexes, and not just lithic ones that leave fossils. If hominin groups had sharp-edged tools, they could have been crafting elaborate aritifacts with wood, fibers and rawhide, like the Croatian Neanderthal. There may be a link to the emergence of laterelized language, via precision gestures and close attention to hand movements and imitating hand movements for learning tool use and tool making from conspecifics. Even gestural protolanguage, for example ostensive teaching of skills and depictive reenactment of behaviors and scenes (like pantomime, but with a lot of accompanying vocalizations for emotional effect) may have been lateralized. If hominin communities later conventionalized somewhat-arbitrary (less iconic) gestures into a stable inheritable vocabulary, it would explain cumulative culture and the persistence of technological advances and increasingly language-mediated symbolic behaviors. This is just speculation now, but careful theory building along these lines could lead to falsifiable hypothesis that may be tested in a future where palaeoanthropology has more advanced techniques to anlayze bones, stones and genes. Our models of hominin evolution may need to go beyond strictly-gene-based natural selection, to some kind to gene-culture coevolution where inherited vocabularies transmit and modify regularities in social phenotypes, i.e. technocomplexes, symbolic behavior and language.
Right handedness began with spears and arrows... In hunting... Only human do it chimps do not
I’m right handed and left footed. Work that one out
And left sided.
👍
I'm glad to see that we human beings are related to the chimp lol
being left handed sucks because i get my hand covered in graphite and ink every time i write on paper
I miss Steve.
Very nice
Now that we have finally emerged from the dark ages of using the left hand (I was born left handed but was forced to change hands as a child), I wonder if the percentage of left handers will go up and the genes for left handed start to become stronger.
It's so nice to see ads for The Great Courses, instead of whatever idiotic name they've given themselves. Wazoo or Yamma-Blamma or something.
Horses r on all 4rs and they clearly have a preference for canter leads and left or right bending. As do dogs. It isn't just a 2 legged thing.
It didn’t explain though why?
I see and know quite a few left-handed, first born, children.  Are there any statistics on this situation?
To the using tools, since we were a new species, we wouldn't have really known how to skin hides, so we could have used our left hands and still made it look like right handed mistake. ✋🗡➡➡➡😬 instead of pulling the tool with the left across to the left, pushed to the right. This should be thought about, although I stopped the vid for this, so imma finish watching
As a boxer of many, many years, just a slight clarification on the boxing segment, orthodox fighters (right handed) would more often be wary of most punches coming from their opponents left hand (your right side) if indeed you're fighting another orthodox fighter. The usually much less common, but more powerful hits, you'd expect from your opponents right hand (your left). But yes, fighting against southpaws (lefties) is quite an awkward experience. So much so that southpaws do not usually prefer to fight other southpaws haha. Any decent fighter would be primed to expect where punches are coming from by their opponent's stance though, so hopefully it wouldn't be all that much a surprise in the ring for you!
Im better with my right hand than with my left, but i think a lot of that is due to practice. I can draw with my left, and often switch without noticing, especially is im doing things that require 2 hands (like the dishes) or my hand gets tired doing something. But i was taught right handed by default, so i was actually somewhere in highschool when i first noticed. We were asked to do stuff left handed and amazingly everyone was SO much worse than me at it. Later people pointed stuff out to me like "you were using your right hand just now but randomly switched to your left". I just never really paid attention because it wasnt a handicap. My paternal grandma is a leftie though. Im also the spitting image of her. I once found a weird photo of myself that i didnt recognize, looked really old. Turns out it wasnt me, i just look exactly like my grandma in her youth.
What, if any, relationship exists between handedness and eye dominance? I, and my father are both right handed. We are both left eye dominant. In most instances, the opposing eye dominance is inconsequential. Until, we participate in any activity that requires accurate sighting such as shooting, darts, or alignment across a distance.
Why are we mostly right handed? Video: *shrugs*
Why are most horses left handed. Hoofed? Legged?
i love EONS
Being a left handed digital artist has been oddly advantageous for me. While drawing on a screen with my left hand, I can also use mouse and keyboard to input commands or maneuver various windows I have up
Female cats are primarily right pawed.
I was born to be a lefty because I’m left eye dominant. But I was taught to write and throw right handed because my dad was right handed. But I couldn’t shoot a bow or gun right handed because I’m left eye dominant. I believe most people are right handed because the world already favors righties. Now I’m ambidextrous because of it.
I think it’s also slightly trainable to which hand is dominant. I broke my right wrist rock climbing at 13 and then my right pointer finger a few months later. Always been right handed, but for that year of my life, I learnt how to write with my left hand and everything. Since I haven’t broken anything in 8 years, I mostly use my right hand, but can still barely write with my left. Also I can play Ping pong with my left hand almost as well as my right as I was starting to learn to play at this time
what about lobsters and other crustaceans
6:09 kangaroos are left handed cuz they evolved in the southern hemisphere, duh. Just like with a flushing toilet
My twin brother is left handed and I'm right. There's a few lefties in my family too.
In the States, one customarily cuts food with the fork in the nondominant hand, then moves the fork to the dominant hand to eat. (Strange but true.) My sister is left-handed. Whenever the family ate at a table, she always had to be at the left end, because otherwise the person sitting to her left would get an elbow in the ribs.
Those hands all over that wall from long ago-- I heard somewhere they were mostly hands of children. I believe I was watching a documentary n learned that...can't swear to it tho
My dad is an amazing fencer who is left-handed. I am right-handed but I use my left hand when going up against him
They kept hitting themselves in the mouth? Strange.
My Grandmother had 6 children. Three are right handed and three are left handed. I always found that amazing.
I’m left handed but right eyed and right footed but that doesn’t mean I’m ambidextrous
Leftie combat advantage : This girl can confirm. The number of school bullies I got free hits on because they expected the punch to come from my right. 😂
I searched for this video becuz I saw my parakeet hold the chilli with right hand  I was shocked and wanted to know how I am lefty 😐😑
'and invisible' lolllllll
"There's no right way to be human." 😊👍
But do Left-handed people appear to be less lateralised because they have to adapt to a right-handed world?! Being a minority, to survive, they have to be reasonably good at using both hands in comparison to their right-handed counterparts.
Any studies, or stories about left handed genes? I would be interested to know if two left handed parents are more likely to have a left handed child
Regarding the combat component of left handedness, you left something out. Not only is the right handed opponent less likely to have encountered a left handed one, but the left handed fighter is more likely to have encountered a right handed one. So the likelihood of encountering another left handed fighter is low, and is essentially a direct contest of strength. This would select for left handed fighters over time, because of their ability to win fights in a mostly right handed world.
I was meant to be lefty like my great aunts on dads side. But my mom refused, ...now i just suck with right hand 😞
While it is true that modern humans are bipedal, and the other great apes are not, bipedalism cannot be taken as a distinctive feature of Hominins. Why not? Because there is evidence of bipedalism in probable ancestors of all or some great apes, e.g. Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, 12 Mya, bipedal but living on the trees. It is likely that the said other great apes' somewhat more recent ancestors were bipedal but later developed quadrupedalism. Thus, let us forget about instantly assigning bipedalism as an exclusive and distinctive feature of Hominins.
I wonder how this compares with ‘footedness.’ In sports like cheer and gymnastics, people tend to prefer the use of one foot over the other, and it even translates into the way you twist. I know I’m right handed but left footed (except when kicking a soccer ball strangely), and I wonder how it ties to handedness or if it is it’s own separate phenomena
Interesting that more guys than girls are lefties, cause in my family the majority of the lefties, including myself, are girls.
What about ambidexterity?
There was a family I knew growing up where a lefty man had married a lefty woman. And they had customized their house to accommodate this: the door hinges, doorknob turns, the refrigerator door, the drawstrings for the blinds etc. Spending time there felt like living in an Escher painting.
When I worked with farmers I noticed what seemed like a much larger percentage of them were left handed. I wondered why that was. Maybe there is a difference between hunters and farmers that affects this?
Cheers for the great organisation of the video. The resume at the end was top notch. Thanks!
✌️👊
I am mind blown!! I was always curious about this topic since my uncle is only person in my family is left handed. You guys rock like always <3
Us lefties are the last minority in the world…😫
I'm ambidextrous
Excellent video!
Isn't it "chauvinistic " to only focus on the hands ? When I do martial art kicks , my right foot and leg are dominant as well. And as the judo player below writes, his entire right body is dominant . Hence , dominance is not just about the hands .
The evolutionary benefit that would likely have aided the survival of lefties is after we invented weapons of war the left handed warrior would have the advantage
Something I’ve always wondered: I’m right handed and so is all my family. My first husband was right handed I had two kids with him . Now my current husband is also right handed and I have one kid so … Why do I make left handed kids. It’s me I pass that to them all 3 of them lefties
My cousin is left handed and it was always so hard to bat against him because the ball comes in all strange.
What's so special about a right hand anyway? He asks... I'm pretty sure any 12 year old boy can answer that!
This video did not explain how humans became right handed
As an ambidextrous kickboxer I can confirm that it does shock people when I can throw shots equally from both sides
Their is no right way to be human
my right arm is wayyy bigger than my left  - it's weird
I thought it was because women held their babies on the left side because their heartbeat would calm them 👀
And then there’s boxing lol
I LOVE YOU ALL!
Funny thing is tho.. there was no “split from chimpanzees”
Interesting info, thank you.
Sure us lefties have mental and physical advantages but scissors.
I'm left handed & I only use my right hand for basic tasks. When I was in kindergarten the teachers almost held me back because they thought I couldn't write but it was because they wouldn't let me try with the left hand. My mom went crazy on them at a parent teacher conference and saved me from having to redo kindergarten 😂
Neanderthal Bentist was slacking back in the day
I'm just here wondering about the severe toothache they suffered
We have a neighbor that everyone of their family members are left handed and it gets weirder because their son told me that his father and mother's family side are also left handed son does it mean that it heritable?
CASE STUDY/DATA FOR CURIOUS (MAYBE HELPFUL TO SOMEONES STUDY ABT THE SUBJECT).    : I assume people are right handed because their parents made them to write , eat and etc etc .. with right hand as kids ... So they may have developed increased control and precise coordination  with right hand than left ... and eventually favor right hand in other tasks too ! As they become relatively more   comfortable with right hand .....   🥺I'm suspecting this because I was lefty as a kid , used to eat nd stuff with left hand untill my parents corrected me ,,, initially it took some time to switch but finally I got used to right hand..... (( Moreover I used to hold my pen with 4 fingers instead of  3 for a long time later I corrected that too to normal way of writing ,,, )) what I mean to say is that after some time and practice you can switch your preference for right or left... And finally you become fully comfortable and fluent ! I guess it's just that we are taught to be right handed from early so ..
Some individual parrots show handedness when handling toys or food!
Left-Handed Gang where you at??
Also to be noted, kangaroos lack a corpus callosum, the part in our brains that communicates between left and right hemispheres. So essentially, if the kangaroo does something with its left hand then the only way the right hemisphere comes to know about it is through external stimuli.
Complete Horseshit!!!
Discovered from teeth marks, not bones as its feasible.
are the basque not a 50 - 50 left right hand group? i have lots of basque lineage, and a leftie-ambidextrous,,, but sadly i have never visited the Basque - Gascon regions....
You’ve obviously NOT handled processing a hide. Hides are floppy and you can only scrape like that from mouth to other hand or the reverse, not crosswise. More likely they were cutting meat between the hand and teeth the way Inuit did. And no one doing that daily would likely cut themselves or hit their teeth over and over.
one of my cats is left handed, we think. he always touches/swats stuff with his left paw
I tried brushing my teeth with my left hand the other day… never again.
My hand dominance/preference depends on the task that I’m doing.  For example, I write, bat, putt and usually eat left-handed.  I use scissors/knives, throw, dribble, and play instruments right-handed.  With brushing teeth and hair, it’s mostly right but I also use my left.  With eating, I can also use a fork or spoon in my right hand.  Likewise, if I’m using an xacto knife, depending on what I’m cutting out, I might use my left hand.     Growing up, I didn’t know how to explain to my teachers that just because I write with my left hand doesn’t mean I do everything with my left hand.  I don’t want dull left-handed scissors.  Or when we were learning instruments and had these little guitar things, my music teacher was trying to have me hold it the left-handed way but that wasn’t comfortable for me.  I actually like that I play instruments right-handed as I don’t have to learn backwards or get a special left-handed instrument (I play violin and have a guitar).
Yeah most of us left handed people are way smarter than you right-handers
I play soccer, and our goal keeper is right handed. So she throws the ball with her right, but her dominant foot is her left. So on goal kicks she kicks with her left. Weird.
Left handed  people have been observed to be some of the most immensely talented and intelligent people in the world.
Left handed people have a natural advantage in basketball as they like to challenge shots (predominately of right handers) with the hand on the same side of their body as the shooting hand.  A lot of right handers want to reach across their body to challenge shots but the lefty does it correctly without trying.  They also have an advantage on the offensive end because defenders are used to right handed shooters so will reach to the wrong side of the shooter out of instinct and often the lefty can get a clean look at a shot. This is easier to spot in High school age or younger where people haven't been coached proper technique.
Idc what anybody says being left handed has much more disadvantages than advantages
"after our lineage split from chimpanzees" hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Nope.
So that's why my parents always told me Manny Paquiao often wins because he is left handed
Being right-handed, I learned to play guitar using my left hand to finger the notes (which is "normal"). Other stringed instruments are the same, that is, the left hand is typically used to finger the notes. It seems so natural when the technique is learned from the start. Occasionally, I will flip the guitar over and try to play the notes with my right hand. It's amusingly impossible. That "shows to go ya" (as my mother used to say) that any right-handed person can learn some amazing skills with their left hand.
Men--Not man--happened.
Short answer: it has something to do with how we evolved, but we have no idea beyond that.
Wait so what was the reason?
Cool, I always thought it was weird how I can use both hands for everything, though I do prefer my left hand for certain tasks and my right for others, but in reality I can do everything with both, so I guess I'm a bothhanded? leght or rigft lol
We didn't come from chimpanzees, the theory you follow isn't proven. All the proof you might say you have to prove it of lines of animals which we are ascended from, but there is no proof.
My brother that is four years older than me was born left handed but when he started school (around 1963 I'm guessing) the teachers made him write with his right hand. I on the other hand was totally left alone to become the superior left handed person that I am today... though I still get looks from people that think I'm sinister. Thankfully we both missed out the old burn the left handed guy because.. whatever, just jealous..
This was interesting. I’ve been left handed all my life but I actually realized I only write, eat, and use scissors with my left hand.  If I had to punch someone, I’d use my right hand, if I’m riding a train and have to hold on to keep from falling I use my right hand to hold, if I’m bowling I use my right hand, and if I’m throwing anything I use my right hand. But if I’m doing something like holding a hammer or a saw, I’d be more comfortable using both hands instead of choosing one lol. It’s weird
My hypothesis :-  The very first division of the zygote is unequal in terms of mitochondrial distribution. since mitochondrial division is independent of the cell division , just before the very first division of the zygote,the mitochondria in the cytoplasm divides few times to increase its number..  the very first division of the zygote fails to distribute the mitochondria equally among the daughter cells.  the daughter cell which gets more mitochondria becomes more active due to more metabolic activity as compared to the other daughter cell which has a low no. of mitochondria.  this active daughter cell eventually becomes the right or left half of the body in the due course of development ,thus making a person right handed or left handed congenitally.
4:40 That person was spared the pain of impacted wisdom teeth.
I have a new strategy for arguing with creationists.  I say that I can prove that there is no god, because while we are supposed to have been created in god's image, the book of genesis clearly states that when jesus stepped off the spaceship he had four arms and four legs.  When they laugh and say how ridiculous that is, I say, "Now you know how we feel when you talk about evolution!!!" 😎
The amount of speculation in the opening segment is just astounding.   Great way to lose credibility.
I throw with my left and do most things with left but write with right never thought it was different till I started sports.
They mostly come at night... Mostly.
The brain is truly, truly an amazing thing
thanks for not mentioning if or how the right hemisphere (specifically ba44) in lefties functions differently than righties.... we like to keep our secrets safe *waves in left handed*
When your left handed and move the computer mouse over people kick right off
“There’s no right way to be human.” Beautifully said.
In my generation, teachers stop pushing right hand use. And result is, that in my class there was 40 percent using left. I have to say, it is more practical to use both hands.
I'm left but I suck at everything
Does that mean, if I'm left handed, my ancestors are kangaroos? Actually, it all adds up, majority of us lefties have an edge in boxing matches, and so do kangaroos! Nice! That explains a lot...
Left handed people are the only ones in their right minds.
I write with my left hand. Have to use a mouse with right hand. So I do fine motor skilled activities on pc like photo editing with right hand. Thus, when I have to use digitized signature pad to sign for credit card it short stops my brain.
I feel like being a bit ambidextrous, throwing left, batting both, etc, helped with my skateboarding. I was able to learn switch stance alot faster and more comfortably than it took alot of my friends.
Why do right handed people have such difficulty adjusting to left handed styles and movements while us lefties have  no problem adapting to theirs?  Being left handed makes you more intelligent, more aware, more creative.  Especially since most people in the world are right handed there must be something special about lefties.
Male horses exhibited significantly more left lateralised responses and female horses exhibited significantly more right lateralised responses. The results were published in the scientific journal Applied Animal Behavioral Science.
Dogs and horses can be sided. Often preferring to turn or spin in one direction, or being more flexible, or preferring to pick up one lead over another. Dogs are usually left sided.
we did not split from chimpanzees.  sloppy story telling delegitimizes the concept and hypothesis.
Hands up, how many of my fellow lefties have terrible handwriting? :D
You think we came from chimpanzees?🤣
From the scratch mark on their teeth it looks like they are mostly left handed because etch line slant down to the right
I am ambidextrous, but I feel more comfortable using my right hand so how does this work
Hahahah!!!!
One Handed”. is a genetic trait. However, “Both Handed” an inherent cosmic trait.
I’m left handed does that make me a Martian
My one dog consistently shakes with his right paw, and the other with his left.  All in my family and my wife's family are righties, but all three of my sons are lefties.  That's supposed to be close to impossible apparently.
When you smoke too much meth and you come up with this video 😭
1:30 bending for a fart
Me watching this eating with my left hand 🥴
Meanwhile in Murica: Evolution? Lefties? "There's no right way to be human"? COMMUNISM!!!! COMMUNISM EVERYWHERE!!!!
Mother said I was born left handed. She trained me to be right handed because she thinks being left handed doesn't look right.
So what’s it mean if I’m left handed
No way grasping at straws
right handed started when all of them were righteous beings
Well as far as the individual is concerned it makes more sense to be a leftie since it gives advantage over the horde and yet we are predominantly right handed which is not a very solid argument
Evolution isn't real
Didn’t actually answer the question
Super informatic
I'm left handed in eating , writing and all the steady hand stuff but when it comes to sports , I'm right handed and I wonder what sorts anomaly is this 😂
We have members in our MOuntain Bike Team wherein they are leftie but the strong leg is their right leg. Strong leg is the one preferred to be in the front when the pedals are level. We have also right handed but have a left strong leg. I'm right handed and have right strong leg.
Shouldn't the Neanderthal have much darker skin?
i have born left handed but because of religious stuff my parents forced me to be right handed , now im right handed but when i box, i feel like i have more focus left hand lead ! why?
The scratches on the teeth theory is quite a stretch
It’s weird that being lefty helps in sports even AFTER people know which hand you use. You’d think after a couple hits from the left people could figure it out but it’s almost like the brain is so hardwired to look for the right you literally can’t help it
so then did T-Rex exhibit handedness?
As a leftie after watching this video  I feel like I’m being discriminated against 😂
This is wrong. Most animals and sea creatures in fact have a preferred limb.
I write with my left, but with every other action (e.g. punching, shooting, cutting) , I use my right.
Well if you think about it ever since the first T model car was invented in America it was left hand drive and they were all stick/standard gearbox so you had to use your right hand to shift into gear. Automatic transmissions didn't become popular until the early 90s so if any of your relatives ever owned a car back in the day they probably used there right hand on a daily just to drive.
Geez, that broad at the end of the video is unattractive.
I'd like to know the correlation between left handedness and IQ. I swear all of the lefties I know are brilliant.   Also another one is left handedness and handwriting.
I'm left
Ok this is a weird one for me as I can not write with my right hand at all, only the left. But my right is definitely the dominant hand. Any other task other than writing and I use the right wether thats mashing potatoes, painting or cutting wallpaper literally everything else I use my right. So am I right handed and just write with the left?? Confused haha
Who else is right handed, but uses their left hand to wipe their bum?
I am right handed but I write left handed, I cannot write right handed to save my life but I do everything right handed except write, it's very strange
I always thought it was from medieval where they broke the left handed people until they used their right  because it was impossible to fight on castle stairs while left handed and formations where affected
Why have I never wondered this? Why is YouTube requesting I know this tho? Lol
I’m left handed
I don't get it. How do you scratch your TEETH when your hide-scraping tool slips? How do the mechanics of that work, exactly? I'm unconvinced...
Cant really compare us to monkeys or other animals in terms of having a dominant side. We perform far more complicated movements and tasks. You'll notice the monkey in the example clip grabbing the guys hand with his right hand for balance, so he doesn't pull his hand away if he has more food, or as a sign of appreciation or friendship, and is just grabbing the food with his left hand. That actually might suggest he's right handed since he used his right hand for the "more important task" in his mind. I'm completely backwards in a lot of things. I skate regular footed and push Mongo, yet I slalom water ski goofy footed. My old roomate who played pro hockey played left handed but golfed right handed. Explain that lol. Interesting video! I just thought I'd comment on the animal thing lol. I personally think it's a practice thing. Whichever we started using early on. And generally parents teach us and likely started puting things in our right hand from the start.
Isn't that funny? He ends it off with "there's no right way to be a human" but yet there are really "wrong" ways to be a "human". Does that mean there's no wrong way to be human then? Or is being human just an idea? The idea people usually think of when asked what does it mean to be human. Opinions and facts I guess🤷‍♂️ this is a question I think the world will never find the answer to.
lmfao, if you were left handed back in the days you were whacked on the knuckles so you wrote with your right hand. This isn't new, this is actual facts.
I absolutely love this channel and all of the content, but if I may offer that he speaks a little fast and it feels intense. Lol. And I’m a native speaker. Just food for thought, print out my comment and put it on the dart wall if it’s one of those comments. Lol. Thanks to the entire team for all of the hard work and interesting topics you all present!
Ambidextrous proud 😘
I write with my left hand except on chalk boards. There are certain things I can only do with a certain hand and others I can switch hands easily. I can only brush my teeth left handed and only wipe my butt right handed. Typically throw right handed. Shoot guns lefty, but pool, golf, and hockey I can switch. In my teens and 20s I would try to practice doing many things with both hands. I have injured both hands several times and it was mostly easy for me, except for brushing my teeth, wiping my butt, and or putting deoderant on under my uninjured sides armpit.
Its 01:09 in the morning. What am i doing here. But interesting stuff tho.
Humans have branched from each other into separate species again.  Most of you are not in fact the same species of humans.  Some of you are classified into older species of humans and some of you are newer different species of humans.  Some of you aren't taught this in high school.  And some of you are sort of human but not actually modern human.
One thing I’ve always assumed is probably a problem for lefties that lefties themselves have never realized probably is that most languages write left to right, which just seems easier to do with a right hand, as I’ve tried writing and reading languages that write right to left and it’s a lot harder, not nearly as hard as it is to try write or read a language that goes vertically.
As a chef, the woman holding the knife is doing it wrong. Holding the knife in such a way is unstable and will cause serious discomfort over a long period of time. This comment isn’t really adding to the video, but rather, it’s just a simple observation.
title is some what misleading as it doesn’t explain how
So the answer is you don't know. Ok
I stabilize the carrot with my right foot
Being right or left-handed simply comes from holding the umbilical cord during pregnancy... left or right and if the child is ambidextrous it held umbilical-cord with both hands. CASE CLOSED! Some things are common sense.  Check it!!!
Boxers and athletes sometimes train themselves to use both hands equally. Handedness can be learned. Years ago some schools forced lefthanded students to use their right hand to write...
ive always been right handed but im not too bad with my left because I have always tried to use it often because I know using it more will make me better at using it in all aspects
cool
As a leftie I cant use Sissiors
A strange proportion of U.S Presidents were left handed. 👍
So hard to find left hand screw driver😒
Us left handers are simply a superior subrace but the righty majority keeps us down
I’m a lefty and I thank my grandmother for that. When I was a baby I used to always grab my spoon to eat with my left hand and my mom would always try to correct me and make me use my right hand. My grandmother just let me do what felt natural to me. So I’m a dominant lefty but I am probably ambidextrous.. The only thing I hate doing left handed is writing in a notebook or with ink because your hand gets covered in ink dragging your hand thru the wet ink as you write.
Im left handed, but I play pc games like minecraft with my mouse in my right hand. I grew up that way, but due to my being left handed, i have a large amount of binds on my keyboard that most dont have, giving me a little advantage in pvp lol.
I feel like leftys like me usually have a better control of our nondominant hand than rightys also I wrestled and was able to switch my stance often  giving me an advantage
I just love this comment section.
Im almost fully left handed except for cutting with scizzors 🤔
I use both right and left but I tend to use my right hand somewhat more than my left for delicate tasks or tasks that require a little extra english so to speak.
me being left handed watching this
I eat with my left hand, but I can shoot basketballs with both hands. I use my left hand for everything except when throwing a football. I use my right for everything also except for when I eat. WEIRD HUH??
I tend to handle my little brother with my left hand though I am right handed.
Why I’m up watching this at 4am
This may sound stupid but I thought the main reason why people are right handed because of Earths rotation to the right
I watched the whole video and still waiting for the answer.
"70% to 95% of us to be exact". Except that's not very exact.
I liked this video with my left thumb
did not awnser your own question
"They accidentally scratched their teeth with stone."  Bro, I would die before I get that rock even near my teeth!
I feel like only left handed people will click on this video. Let’s go left handed gang ✊🏻
Dont tell me you actually believe we came from monkeys lmfao. Some people are so dumb and swallow up everything they're told in school.
Being a leftie in basketball certainly helped a lot for a 5'7 scrawny kid like me
▪ witches stir their bubbling cauldrons widdershins ( counter-clock-wise ) because they're evil...  ▪ ...thus:  australian witches stir their cauldrons clock-wise because they're upside-down and evil.  ▪ facts are facts, mate.
▪▪▪kangaroos favor the LEFT because they live on the flip side of the equator. ▪▪▪ duh
my best friend does most daily tasks with her right hand but uses her left when it comes to sports XD
more likely they were chewing items with sand/rocks in it than hitting themselves in the face with a tool imo
So lefties are just naturally rebellious. Lol
Good video, but kangaroos are marsupials, not mammals.
Nobody: nothing Youtube at 4 am:
I’m in the French army and usually right handed, but when it comes to firing weapons, I hold it left handed. Which means my left index presses the trigger.  This comes from my preferred eye to take aim. At the beginning of initial classes this bothered me a little because I was so used to use my right hand for a lot of things. Now I couldn’t see it another way: can’t really handle an assault rifle with my right hand. Seems very weird.
i do literally everything with my left hand except write
Ambidextrous is common among us Irish and Scottish folks. We do it both I think because we did not evolve in more common society. I can write with both but have more practice right, I skateboard goofy, I fight south paw, my left is stronger.  Edit: there is definitely a right way to be human…
I have a theory that throwing is a big part of this puzzle. You really have to pick a hand to throw with, and throwing was a big part of our species success.
“There is something I ot’ to tell you” “what?” “I’m not left handed either”!
I come from a religious family and being left hand is sin. I remember being at a desk and forced to write with my right if I didn't do it they would hit me.
I think it goes back to war, it'd be easier to use the same hand for swords and shields as the guy you're fighting, other wise you're more open to the weapon hand.
My expectations for this video were quite low because I feel this topic treads the ground of identity-driven pseudoscience, but I was pleasantly surprised by how grounded it was. The presenter did a fantastic job as well. Thanks for making and sharing this.
I had an extended conversation with a physical therapist after getting a knee repaired. He maintained that there was no such thing as being right or left foot dominant. As some one who did tournament Footbag (Hacky Sack is a registered trademark) kicking for 10 years, I didn't agree. Pretty sure any martial artist or football/soccer player would agree....
i can use the other thumb to write on the smartphone screen. Maybe this comment will be somewhat usefull thousands of years in the future.😄
WHO CUTS A CARROT BEFORE PEELING IT
I’m right handed but I throw punches on the bag way better with my left
Questions I never knew I had 😂
The script is bad, he repeats himself a lot
Literally chopping carrots as I watch this...... Using the knife in my right and stabilizing the left, of course
How do we know thats exactly how they scraped the hides?
Where my left handed people at? Lets Goooooooooo!!!
I love being left handed
The church also taught that using your left hand was heretical and you would be hit with a ruler for using that hand to ✍
If they’re holding the hide stretching it between their left hand and their teeth, how the hell could they be scraping from left to right? Immediately lost interest
You don’t think that maybe at one point someone lost their right arm and had to use their left hand which could of been they start for left handlers
How about ambidexterity?  My father could write and do everything equally with both hands which helped him numerous time, such as holding something in one hand and writing notes with the other.  Which I had inherited that ability!
I use both
I’m a lefty, but I can’t do anything right handed, stutter, bad in school and was harassed on a daily basis. I don’t recommend being left handed, problem is if a kid is, they can’t change.
Men are more handedness than women. I think we all know why.
Too much bla bla, it is a huge advantage to have one micro precise hand than 2 average precise hands. That is all what it is about. Left handers is just random mutation. Just like hair color etc.
My youngest brother was a lefty until he was 3 years old before I changed him.
I'd like to see some more videos on ambidextrous people like me.
We were never monkeys, like just stop
It’s because everyone was left handed but wiped their butt with the left hand and got doo doo on it and couldn’t use it so they went right handed
What if a child is trained to use both their hands right from childhood
were is the "How Humans Became" pbs disonest clickbait
If the left armed mat martial boxer has an advantage of his left hand, I wonder the opponent have an benifit of the right arm. I mean he(right armed') can confuse him(Left armed ) with his right hand too with an unexpected uppercut!
In my experience, most vertebrates have a dominant (usually) right side. I’ve seen it in apes, dogs, cats, and even horses. I didn’t know kangaroos were predominantly left-handed, though.
Great
Im left handed but i catch thing with my right and and write with both🤷🏻‍♂️
Heavier bone structure may not always show handedness. Consider the use of tools like shovels. The stronger arm is the one doing the lifting and the more agile arm doing the guiding. Strength doesn't always indicate handedness. My father grew up on a farm and I grew up hearing him tease me about his right hand being a trip to the hospital but his left was sudden death. He was a right handed person who had a more strength in his left arm due to scooping grain all day. His right hand guided the shovel while his left did the lifting. Food for thought.
I’m right handed, but I can use chopsticks with my left hand with some difficulty.
sadly I didn't get the memo....
it also just could be learned, at one point there where just a few thousand humans alive, it would be also possible that in this time right hands were dominant and through learning the right hand became dominant for most people and so on.
LEFT GANG
Never explained why!
When chopping vegetables I hold the knife in my left hand and steady the vegetables with the right. If I was using a hammer, I would hold the hammer in my right hand and the nail in my left. I write, use scissors, etc. and do precision-based activities with my left hand, but throw, strike, etc. and do power-based activities with my right.
*Me as a child* : doing things left handedly  *My Parents* : "aan-aan that's wrong hand " *Scientists* : "It's evolution"
Too much thought. Too much use of logic.
Im not truly ambidextrous. But i feel when i was learning to write my right hand would fatigue quickly and hurt. So i relied on my left to finish the school work . somehow my left hand ended up being my writing hand. But i write much sharper with my right but 10 times slower. Im also a arm wrestler and find that i have equal strengh in both. Although my left seems stronger its not. Its just that most peoples left is weaker. If im going to throw a punch my right will go first. Its such a odd situation
I feel sorry for the other chimpanzees who are still chimpanzees and continue living primitive live till these days.
Hey bud my lineage did not come from chimpanzees…
I’m Cross Dominant, so I write and eat left handed . Everything else is right handed.
Very passionate and interesting video but still greatly fails to explore other origins of handedness in homo sapiens such as fetus development and positioning in the womb. Handedness might be linked to properties linked to female wombs and that men are more likely left-handed than women due to  the simple fact that the human population is predominantly more male than female at birth (52/48%). Left-handedness thus may result in a boost in survival for some men. Incomplete video.
I injured my shoulder and couldn’t use my right arm for almost a full year. I basically used my left hand for everything even writing and now I do a lot of stuff with my left instead. For instance brushing my teeth, driving, shooting my pistol, etc.
I'm lefty and a computer science student, now after watching this video. I'm thinking to change my career to MMA or boxing 😂
Awsome!
A very unimaginative commentary.  Very repetitive without really making a point or coming to a conclusion.
Right handed guitar players (and other western string instrument players) form the notes on the neck of the instrument with the left hand.
Me being left handed can appreciate this video. Especially since I have friends all around this world simply because I started a conversation at a random place at a random time. I’ve always been able to talk to anyone I have had an encounter with.
If you think humans evolved from chimpanzees, you probably voted for Biden, and probably wear a mask.
What a very interesting video. Thank you.
I’m a red headed blue eyed left handed female.  I’m rare apparently. How actually rare is that? But I love being a southie haha.
I'm a lefty.  It is inconvenient being a lefty in a predominantly righty world.
I see it to be really simple we're right-handed because our hearts on our left hand side so we got to protect that side of our body more
Okay but why does that monkey eating food have such a huge bicep. Mf is shredded bigger than my arm and mf is 3 feet tall
Seems, might, may , could be, not clear.....
I used to be a righty, I prefer lefty now.
I've got to hand it to this guy, that was very compelling. Now where can I get a left-handed paintbrush?
70-95 percent to be exact....
There are no advantages from being left handed. Who wants to play a guitar upside down or write from left to right or not be able to use a scissor. My sister is left handed and boy how she has struggled. Besides  a left handed boxer would not have an advantage over a Southpaw. Name any lefthanded boxing champion?
I’m left handed 😏
can someone tell me who that hot boxer guy is at 7:09 asking for,,, a friend lmfao
I’m kind of a mix of both, I write with my right hand, but throw with my left, I always confuse my friends with that lol. They see me do one with one hand, and do the other with the other hand, and ask “Are you a lefty or righty?”
As a left handed person. There are many disadvantages of living in a right handed dominant world.
while handedness may be predisposed, it can also be trained.  i was born left handed, and my parents thought i would have an easier time in life so they forced me to be right handed.  all precise/fine motor skills like writing and tool usage i do with my right hand.   in sports for power i'm a lefty: throwing a ball, holding a stick (hockey, baseball), snowboarding, etc.
He had me until he mentioned fighters using southpaw as an advantage. XD fighters practise and know how to fight (especially pros) with both hands being dominant.
Left hand army ✋✋
Cross dominance gang where ya at
I can write well with either hand have a 145 iq and also a heroin addict and yes I shoot my dope with either hand go figure that one out experts
Atleast this guy pronounces Neanderthals correctly
Were you there or is this just another educated guess again.
I'm left handed dominate, but my hand writing is the same with either hand. Although I work as a mechanic and am able to wrench with either hand easily.
I think that that line at about 00:56-00:59 seconds "after our lineage spit from the chimpanzees" is unnecessarily careless. This is PBS if you want to have a wide-ranging community of listeners and watchers you need not to be that controversial. That kind of statement could have been said much more carefully and accurately!  Sure it's not concise but at least it's accurate to say, "sometime after earlier primates evolutionary branch diverged to later become great apes and chimpanzees from what became the hominid branch that humans evolved from".  Do you know how many people think that evolution says that we came from chimpanzees and how wrong that is?!?! We did not evolve from chimpanzees!
I think the right-hand preference is based on the Sun rise
Also u forgot that catholic and Christian roots forced ppl to all be right handed bc they thought the evolved advantages such as athleticism and artistic ability and better dream recall, these were traits from the devil so they stopped it . I was no longer socially accepted for a while to be  left handed until the 80s and 90s where it was more glorified. Eso in cmeccentric creative celebrities. Imagine how many lefties there would be had the church no tried to control every aspect of the human physical body experience
As a lefties, I just figured out how to use a can opener this year, I have to say I'm proud
My dominant hand is definitely my right. Writing, throwing, swinging, using tools. But I play the guitar with my left and shoot pool with my left. Also my dominant foot when I played soccer was my left.
Nobody can take the power of my left hand 👊
Then there’s me, who had to learn how to write w/o smearing ink...
Wow
I am disappointed bc the video doesnt answer the question :( And the chimpanzee mistake is kinda embarrassing ngl
combat sport....left hand vs left hand is as tricky for lefty....
I’m a lefty with terrible memory, feels bad. But I’ve never lost a sword fight because of this trait, nice.
It's not just our hand. We use right leg to kick a football. Our right eyes are more dominant than left one. We use right side our teeth set more. ASMR videos can prove that our right ear is more sensitive.   The point is thay one side of our whole body is more dominant than the other one.
Left handed and proud
I was left handed. They made me switch to right hand in school.
I can use both hands to write but my right hand is stronger. In my culture, you're not allowed to use your left hand, or hand things to people with it. At a young age if you begin writing with your left hand they'll usually force you to use the right hand
I only use my right hand to write cause left handers know the pain of the smudge from the pencil led.
Why would you say our lineage split from chimps. Show me the flawless proof before making such a claim. PBS is supposed to be educational facts not historical manipulation.
BIGGEST B.S. I EVER HEARD🤣🤣🤣‼️
Walter veith is a wonderful scientist who has some amazing insights on evolution!
Leftys are mimics.
0:55 you said that no other animal has shown preference to one side or the other, is that a general statement or a fact? Because whenever I throw a treat for my cat to chase she will always use her left paw to pick it up
What about me writing with my left hand and doing everything else right handed like throwing, punching, shooting  I can however use both hands comfortably when eating with fork and knife
First, humans became right handed.  Second, humans figure out 10+ minute videos are preferred by YouTube’s algorithm.
im a lefty and i have terrible coordination and memory lol.
laughs in left handed.
I'm a right hand mirror tube welder and it's an advantage to team up with a lefty when I can.
Bruh I always get comments every time someone sees me use my left hand especially when I’m writing it’s funny
I went to school in the '70's and '80's and was forced to write with my Right hand, not allowed to use my Left, small country with religious control, you were in league with the Devil if you used your Left hand, but when it came to sports it became a major advantage because it naturally made me ambidextrous, which is superior to being just one handed,
Well, as the saying goes, "Everyone is born right-handed.  Only the best overcome it"
There are, afaik, only two things I do strictly with my left hand. One is writing. Pretty much everything else I'm either right, or equally adept/awkward with either hand. I'd give it a 60/40 split right/left
We needed one hand stronger as an evolutional benefit.. for spearing prey, holding babies etc..thats it..as our brains expanded we became adapted to having a 'stronger hand'
The church is how.. the left hand is the devil's hand/idle hand of the devil - they would literally BEAT it out of you if you used your left hand dominantly.. my second grade teacher was a religious zealot I used to be left handed. Just like millions of other people.
Evolution is a mythical theory
I am mostly right handed at work I mostly do things lefty or alternate
i thought dogs were mostly right handed?
Very intriguing!!  I'm right hand dominant BUT played golf, batted, even shave and usually eat left handed. I tend to throw smaller objects (baseball) with my right hand and larger objects (football, softball) with my left. Never really thought much about that until this vid  Excellent, thought provoking content. 👍👍
Mind is totally blown, no puns intended!
LRRTM1, a gene than contributes strongly to left handed individuals.
As a left hander this video makes me very happy
No, it's called religion.
I write with my left hand but do alot of other stuff right handed. Most thing are meant for rightys so I often choose to do it that way and it feels perfectly natural once I am used to it. I learned guitar right handed and it would feel completely unnatural for me do play it left handed now.
They should study me , cuz I am not consistent with my hand, I will punch you with my left hand but will kick you with my right leg... I will bowl with my right hand and I will press the pedal on my bicycle harder with my left leg.. And so on..... My list is long......
Are there left handed fiddler crabs?
If you feel like they didn't answer how humans became (mostly) right-handed, opposed to just explaining why we favor one side (which is kind of obvious), give a thumbs down 👎
I can use my right and left hand when writing.
Let's give it up for being ambidextrous.
Random fact: Horses are right or left-sided, often correlating to the direction of their cowlicks/hair swirls.
The answer to this how on the video, was  not answered, thank you for nothing again
The left-handedness advantage is an example of negative frequency dependent selection.
I'm left handed but all power movements are right handed like swinging a bat or golf club. I play guitar right handed as well. All my fine/accurate movements are performed left handed like writing, throwing and my fret hand on the guitar. I also comfortably stand orthodox and southpaw in martial arts.
Anyone else eat with the fork in the right hand and knife in the left hand? - Right handed here
Lmfao😂😂😂😂😂😂 homosapians where around way befor neanderthals im Africa. Claiming we became right handed from neanderthals makes no sense. Once again whitey trying to connect himself to the beginning of mankind even though we know Africans where already speaking homosapians
I wish you covered us ambidextrous people, just a bit. I can write/sign, open jars, and do other things equally well with either hand. Every night I brush my teeth with my left and right hand (split almost equally). The world is designed for right handed people so most tools, I find myself using my right hand to use. As a child I was once punished and had to write out sentences on the chalkboard. I would start out using my left hand on the left half side of the board, then complete on the right side. There were no discernible differences with my handwriting, either than the smudge on the left side.
Most of this is literally made up
Didn’t even watch. - Left Supremacist
While i am preparing my food i cut with my right hand, but while i am eating i cut with my left hand. I heard some nonsense that you are supposed to cut with your right hand and then hold the fork with your left, but i just cant do it
The pain of being left handed having to rest your wrist on the spiral side of the notebook
Jeez.. I didn't think something like this could be so interesting and complex lol... My little brother is left-handed. We logged with our dad for a while and he had trouble with the right-handed chainsaws. Once, a saw bounced and hit his leg and missed his femoral artery by like millimeters. He never went chap-less after that. He is kind of ambidextrous though. Like he batted right handed in baseball and does a few other things right handed but he threw and pitched left handed and does the vast majority of things left-handed. I always noticed he had pretty sloppy handwriting though - like when _I_ write _left_ handed.
I am a both handy
How have scientists eliminated the effects of parents and teachers who. Have forced children which hand to use over the other?
So in this video he's technically only boosting us lefties egos.
Force by teachers. Every teacher will force all students to use the same hand.
I ATTENDED A CATHOLIC SCHOOL THEY CHANGED KIDS FROM LEFT TO RIGHT
So as you said this study could dramatically increase survival among left-handed people, and it might also explain why the frequency of Life handles is so low: if too many people is left-handed, the advantage disappears.... So you decide to explain why left handed people is still the minority in this ambiguous way???? Very confusing
Crabs have dominant arms and claws
As a left handed, thats sucks
What about us ambidextrous people? Are we just freaks of nature or what?
I do believe left-handed people are more coordinated ,creative and out the box thinkers .
70%-95% right handed… that’s a pretty imprecise range for something that’s very easy to measure
Yeah teah but the good boxers, fencers, mma fighters, prepare for the fights, so left or right wont play such a crucial roll. Nice video
This video was 100% dragged to reach the 10 minute mark. It's not even packed with information. Teeth and bone evidence and that's about it.
The thing that's weird is 5% of the population that are lefties will probably have 75% or more friends who are also lefties. I have 5 left handed friends.
Also when my dad went to school they got forced to write right handed or they’d get the ruler ahaha
If so how do I dig left handed, but I do everything else right handed?
I often challenge people to tell me which hand I signed my name with. You have a  50/50 chance... to get it wrong  I am literally listed as ambidextrous by the military/va I can throw a football/baseball with both hands and shoot basketball. While I do have preferences in many tasks, I can always perform said tasks with the opposing hand with ease.  That does exclude specific training... (like baseball) I can throw a ball ~65MPH Left Handed, but as a kid I trained to throw right handed so I can throw 85MPH right handed... (I only had a glove that fit my left hand since we were VERY poor and I used hand me down equipment. My twin sister would take the glove off to throw left handed while I found that to be cumbersome)  I guess I'm part of the 1%  It often astounds me when people literally cannot do something with their "offhand"
As left-handed club-level tennis player, I was often asked to play with opponents above my level just so they could get some practice time against a lefty.
Ambidextrous gang
Answer at 8:00.
Male and Female domestic Cats favor opposite front paws, so when a swatting contest begins;  each cat blocks the others claw strike.
Sometimes science and its claims of proof is completely stupid. Glad I'm an engineer and I can identify stupid. And people who are unqualified seem to believe everything they hear and see. 🤦🏻‍♂️. Why so our nails and hair grow so much we can't wipe our s or walk without stepping on our hair. We are monkeys right? And they have scissors and nail cutters. 🤣. Why can monkeys not talk with lips. And parrots can mimic us with beaks. 🤣. Evolution exists. But stop using it as an excuse to answer questions incorrectly. 🤦🏻‍♂️
I love being lefthanded in school excpecially when I had to complete something in a short notice and end up giving my teacher a blank page because all the graphite was on my hand at the end of the day 🙃
So, how humans become right handed. Answer in video: we don't know. 🙄
Can someone, please, explain the joke to me?
The earth is a bi-polar magnet with an eccentric (tilted) axis.....the brain is a bi-hemisphere with an eccentric(tilted) axis.
being left handed sucks when It comes to buying tools designed to be used for right handed people. If I do find tools for lefties, it's always more expensive. But the benefits is when it comes to sports we usually have the upper hand. Especially in boxing. Obviously it depends on skill and experience too, but right handed fighters usually feel that it's awkward facing an opponent with a stance they rarely encounter. As a leftie, most opponents are right handed so I already know what to expect. Again, this is to a certain extent.
My entire life, I thought it was pronounced neander-thall instead of neander-tall.
Most people think cuz I’m left handed I have a nice handwriting, NO ITS HORRIBLE
Being a left hander, this is interesting
I find that I'm mixed-handedness. I fire a gun right-handed but I shoot a bow left-handed. I eat snacks left, and pick up my drinks left. I wear my watch on my right hand which I write with. There are loads of other examples of, depending on the task, I am predominantly left or right-handed, but sometimes, I can use either hand.  Regarding sportspersons, it seems that there is a much hight percentage of snooker players who are left-handed. I don't know whether this is true for pool.
Sounds like a whole bunch of guessing about stuff they really have no clue about.
You titling of video is too bad man it doesn’t meet the commitment
I need my left hand as much as my right specially in using WASD keys
I'm ambidextrous. But Left handed originally.
Monkeys probably ate the first mushrooms with their right hand lol
Is nobody else thinking protecting the heart with the right hand free?
TLDR: We don't know.
Oh, com'mon. It's the devil. We *all* know it's really the devil. The cure is relatively simple. Tie the left arm of the possessed behind their backs for a few years and the devil will go away. We gotta protect those crops and stop the stillborn goats at all costs.
Damn right handed hammers… the bane of my existence.
I bought a left-handed screwdriver by mistake.  Complete waste of money.
Why does there have to be a genetic cause for left handedness? Couldn’t it just be caused by a few initial choices at the beginning of life? Just learned behaviors from experience. Not just a genetic code
Left hand gang represent
So what happens when your dominant hand is right (for almost everything including sports), but you learned to write and hold spoons with your left.
Lefty's have a distinct advantage in sports.  Tennis, right handed people rarely face a lefty, the ball reacts opposite than the righty normally sees.  Conversely, the lefty always meets righties on the court, and takes early advantage.  Baseball. left handed pitchers can be difficult for batters, for much the same reason, righties rarely meet one, thus the pitch can take early advantage of a batter, with how the ball spins, and curves at or away from them...  A lefty batter is 2 steps closer to first base..  it doesnt seem like much, but on a short hop hit, how many times have you seen the throw to first be very close...  now give the runner a 2 step advantage and its not close at all..  he's "SAFE"
My biggest quandary in being left handed is,  Id like to learn to play guitar.  There are three ways a lefty can learn guitar.  1. traditional left, restring a guitar, or buy a lefty guitar.  2.  Learn to play right handed, which some do.  3. Play a right handed strung guitar, upside down, and play as a lefty.  <<  Reason is, If/when I learn to play well, and at times end up at a place where there is a guitar, but not my lefty guitar, I could easily picky up a righty guitar and play...  not so fast if I learn to play traditional lefty. My guitar hero was left handed, Jimi Hendrix...  Her played a right handed guitar, turned upside down, strung for lefty.  Ive heard he could also play a right handed guitar, strung for a righty, upside down played as a lefty.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Connecting to Broca’s and Wernicke’s Areas on the left hemisphere: “If we must have the tools for language (and technologies), then we must have the language (and technologies) for tools”, I would think.
Horses have a preference too
My family is 50/50 left and right which I always found interesting. All the men are lefty's and all the women use their right hand. I've always wondered why.
No wonder I'm bad with tools 🤣
Its not dominant hand its actually dominant side of the brain.
My anecdotal observations. I studied Fine Arts at university. I remember around half the class of 50 were left handed, including myself. When I later undertook officer selection board for the army, I remember only 3-4 of the 100 were left handed. Just my observations at the time.
Sinister Mutants!
As someone learning Japanese, I decided to practice writing with my left (non dominant) hand. Now I can easily write Japanese with both left and right hand but when it comes to writing English, I can only use my right hand
Dogs are mostly right pawed too,and left pawd dogs have alot of reticence when it comes to new places water new people and they are terrible at socialising.you can get your dog to stand in one place and then call it towards you and you can find out if he right pawd or left pawd
It has to do with put heart being towards the left side of our chest,in average left handed people live 8 years less than the right handed persons,while ambidextrous people live 4 years less in average compared with right handed people
LEFTYS WILL TAKE OVER THE WORLD, then you’ll know how awkward scissors can be
The assumptions these scientists so strongly rely on for their conclusions are astounding.
That so cool dude about the tennis stuff I can see the same kind of things in myself, the weird thing is that I don't play tennis!
there was a large combat advantage for left handed warriors as they essentially fought the opposite way than most people were trained and used to fight against. could it be related to that?
You still claim we 'split' from chimps and then expect us to take you seriously???? Come on man....🤣
I'm a left brain, right hand dominate, but people think I'm left handed.
My African Grey parrot always slept on his right leg and ate with his right hand. All other birds I've had or met used both hands.
Im right handed but left foot/legged . Apparently only 3% of RH people are left footed.
We don’t come from chimpanzees
I feel like the reasoning is correct but the act of cutting hides like that is not. Wouldn’t the cuts be pretty horizontal on the bottom of the teeth as opposed to diagonal since the hide would act as a parallel guide?
I write and eat with my left hand, I do everything else like throwing, punching, cutting, etc with my right.... guess I'm weird
This guy is left handed..
Funny maybe 9/10 people i meet are left handed. I actually believe that lefties outnumber righties
Lefties creep me out
I'm left handed.. no idea why.. my parents and siblings are all right handed.. 🤔
They should’ve brought up skateboarding. We’re either Regular( right foot to push, left on board) or Goofy( left foot to push right on board). It doesn’t matter if your right or left handed it doesn’t depict what stance  you are.  🤷🏾‍♂️
us lefties have ancestral connections with kangaroos
Then there’s me, I do a lot with my left hand like writing and consider myself left handed, but when it comes to throwing a ball I use my right hand. Wtf is wrong with me?
My pimp hand is strong
HAHAHA at 0:37 in the host says "Including me" and the closed caption says "Including this dude here".    I like little liberties like that.
Didn't come chimpanzees.
I don't know which side am i left or right, i write and eat with right hand and work with left hand, anyone same like me😂
By left handed people being seen as a spawn of Satan. Okay. Solved.
My guess is that it came from war, the tribe who fought effectively together would win more often
I'm right-handed, but left-eye dominant.
I'm odd. I'm right handed but left footed. And I prefer to use my left hand for things like unscrewing bottle tops.
I’m left handed and 4 out of 6 of my children are left handed.
The entire universe is chiral you savages
I think I'm mixed-handed (not to be confused with true ambidextrous) although everyone thinks I'm a lefty just because I mostly write with my left hand.
Since childhood I've had a Quaker Parrot that is decidedly left handed (footed? clawed?).  If you hand her anything like a Cheerio to eat, she will always grab it with her left foot.  Likewise she will always step onto your finger left leg first, and step off of it in the same manner.  When she was about 20 years old, she fell from a perch and broke her left leg in 3 places.  The vet said they didn't have much hope for her surviving the injury, but we gave her constant care and made sure her leg was always well bandaged and dry.  She made a full recovery and regained full use of her left leg which she still uses almost exclusively for any task.  I've never had another animal with a distinct preference for one side over the other but she was determined, even with a serious injury to continue using her dominant leg and the vet believes that it was her constant use of the leg after the bandages came off that allowed it to regain all of its strength.
Why posit that at one point all humans became right-handed and that left-hand use emerged later as "evolutionary advantage"? What is the reason and the basis for this absolutism, when variation is a stable characteristic of humans?
This video is offensive. I am right handed but I choose to self identify as left handed. Handedness is a choice.
So...we don't know...ok
Neuro melanated beings are excluded
Being a right handed judo player, grappling with a lefty always feels awkward whereas for the lefty it's business as usual. What's really funny is when you see a really good lefty finally come up against another lefty, because they suddenly look like a beginner again, with neither player knowing how to actually set up their throws because they so rarely encounter one another.
I’m somewhat ambidextrous 😎… and as I watch it seems I have a good balance too as my left hand dominance is mostly strength based actions like shooting a basketball and boxing southpaw. Intricate delicate precision comes from my right hand, such as writing and drawing.
hello from Croatia :)
its so weird but i write with my left hand and throw with my right, i use to be a painter too so when i needed to use a brush i could use both hands haha
Its really strange. I don't know what happened to me as a kid, but I write and play pool with my left hand, I can use either  playing table tennis, but everything else I use my right hand or right foot predominantly.
What if I’m right handed but I square up southpaw. How does that work?
Left Hand Gang!!!!
I think the reason we don't see a hand dominance in primates is because of the lack of large tool development for hunting.  I hypothize that because our hearts are on our left side, we dominated our heavy activities with our right hand.  People who use their left live on average 7 years less due to cardiac related breakdowns.  Due to this, it was better to be right handed to pass on your genes considering 7 year to someone who only lives for 35 is a lot longer of a time than for us now.  It's called survival of the fittest.
Being left handed is cool 😎 I find it unnatural to write with my right hand how do u even hold the pen 😭
I watched the entire video and still don't know the answer.
Have scientists observed balanced teeth markings in other primates, which are known to not have a hand preference? If so, that would would certainly bolster this theory!
" no other animal prefers one hand over the other."  Enter: the Fiddler Crab!
I do so many things with my left hand and also so many other things with my right i wouldn't even consider myself left handed
I played so many tennis matches, with high level players, who partway through the match would tell me they didn’t realize I was left handed 🤦🏻
My favorite theory is that mothers would hold there babies on the left side of their body to calm the child with their heartbeat and therefore was using mostly their right hand, and that their children learned that by watching their mothers and eventually it stuck.
By force is how that happened!
I call bs on the scraper hitting the teeth .if you look at Stone hide scrapers they are not sharp enough to mark teeth in this way .it is much more likely they were pulling meat with their teeth while cutting off the slice they were about to eat .
Not to be the snarky guy....but does anybody else see that it would be impossible to scrape a hide from left to right like that? With tension at those two points...the sides would just...flop down.
Left handed but pretty ambidextrous
I’m right handed, but learned to write with my left after I broke my right hand... even having this genetic implications, any human can “develop” ambidexterity pretty easily (with some serious effort) ... it’s a common trait among musicians for example (especially in those who play string instruments)... few legendary soccer players from my country developed ambidexterity on purpose to gain advantage in the game
We all know why…
Don't think you considered the social pressures in being right handed. In numerous cultures, left handedness is considered "wrong" and children are often "corrected" early in their development into using their right hand for writing and various tasks instead. Remember how sinistral and dextral came to be.
I was a lefty in elementary, they forced me to use my right hand, said the left wasn't proper
"Some other bipedal mammals, like kangaroos" hm...
“Places phone in right hand” 👀 well this is interesting………
4.40 , I 'm bloody sure that's Keith Richard.
gingers are 70% left handed i believe
I'm left handed and married a left handed person. We use left handed scissors at home and it's the best 🙂
I'm right handed when writing, but left handed for many other tasks. My brother was left handed, but right handed baseball player. Our parents were deaf and we grew up with sign language which uses both hands. I've always wondered if this was why we switched handedness so much.
The blisters which come from using the wrong kind of scissors with the wrong hand for an extended period.
Time to become left handed
Didn’t mention the fact that left handed people are much more likely to be injured or die because of their handedness and the world being set up for right handed people. Lol
As a leftie.. it's hell. This world's isn't made for us. Do you know how it feels to not be able to use scissors the right way?? It's hard.
You go tell Rafa Nadal
Horses seem to be left side dominant. But that could be down to rider handling.
Both my parents and all my siblings are right handed. I think my mother and I need to have a talk. I’m left handed.
So much easier to follow and more enjoyable now you have slowed your speech to a normal pace. There was never any reason to rush.
THE LEFT HANDED STRIKER HAS THE ADVANTAGE OF THEIR POWER SIDE NOT BEING MIRRORED. ALL FIGHTERS STRIKE WITH BOTH LIMBS THAT WAS A HORRIBLE BREAKDOWN. YOU CAN ACTUALLY TRAIN SOUTHPAW TO LEARN TO DEAL WITH IT. BUT ORTHODOX FIGHTERS AT PEAK LEVEL TRAIN TO DEAL WITH IT
I'm right-handed... but I'm left-eyed.  When firing a rifle in a firing range, I need to use my left hand to fire accurately.  I wonder what evolutionary advantage one may find in that not-entirely-unusual combination.
Thank you for pronouncing Neanderthal correctly.
i like your content but can you not speak bit slow????
Almost my entire family and I are lefties, so I definitely think it's genetic.
Title of video- "How Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed"  Conclusion at the end of video.   "We don't know..."
Im 100% am Ambidextrous and while my left does not work the same as right i do not blame this on genetics but training..i had my right hand in a cast alot from fights on the job injurys. But my left has esp in the fingers has the same amount of control. About the only thing i cannot do is write..but this is something thats taught..And writing is a lower motor skill than even sewing..
As an operating room nurse with over 22 years experience, I have found it not uncommon for everyone in the room to be left handed… on a major surgery, for example, 14 of the 19 people in the room were left handed. As a lefty, we do tend to notice one another just because we know the struggle. Every single OR I have worked in has had at least 25% of the staff being left handed. Curious about the correlation there!
Where are the dark-skinned homo-sapiens?They always take it from the Neanderthal perspective!
Where’s my lefties at?? 🙌🏼
We had a huge cultural thing about it. My both parents claim that they were tend to use their left hand more often in the childhood, but in primary school they used to tie your left hand and force you to use only one over another 😳 "cause that the hand people suppose to use". My granny was very much in the same mood when I started to use my left hand, but thankfully my parents insisted to leave me alone.  So I grew up just thinking I am lucky, and there are actually a lot of "true lefties" who just was trapped in the system
I write with my left but i do everything else with my right. like i throw baseball with right, yet i stand on the left side of home to bat. so am I some sort of hybrid?
Konstantine should perhaps look into not making you say that every episode.
Does the decreased brain lateralization come with being left handed or is it a consequence of left handed people being forced to live in a right handed world?  I'm left handed, and it would be very difficult to be strictly left handed rather than the sort of de facto obligate ambidexterity that is reality for a lefty.
My dog was left handed. I never noticed any sort of handedness in any other dog.
Only left handed people are watching this bc nobody else cares 🤣
What about crabs 🦀.
Why are left handed people considered "sinister"?
So most of us our right-handed because, “most of the mental processes we use for making tools… happen to be in the left hemisphere.” Yet the only lateralized skills discussed in this video are for speech (e.g. Broca’s & Wernicke's areas). So is the dissemination of tool use via speech related to our handedness? Or more generally, does the lateralization of speech limit the likely areas of the brain to deal with tool use to neighboring areas? Would’ve been interesting to have this clarified.
You’d expect a video with this title to explain something.
I remember in high school when I was learning how to throw discus for track and field. The coach showed me the motion and stance and then handed me the rubber safety discus to give it a go and I tried to mirror him with my left and he went, "Oh sh--mushrooms, you're lefty. Wait wait wait, let me try this again." lol
Cockatoos are 100% left footed
I’m  ambidextrous like my grandfather. Moms a righty and dads a lefty.
I don’t buy the left handed advantage in combat idea. It’s only evident in sports like boxing because of the trained reflex response. People in our evolutionary past were not training their reflexes like a modern day athlete.
Dogs also have a dominant side that they prefer, hence why when you see them running at a slow pace they will run slightly slanted to use their dominant leg too use as push off the ground
If man split from Chimpanzee once why hasn't the split happen again? I'm sure there a good answer, I just wanna know, why?
left handedness seems to be somewhat hereditary as well. I am left handed, my uncle is left handed, and one of my daughters is left handed. yet in my ex wife's family, there were no left handed members at least in the last generations they know of, until my daughter came into play. I guess time will tell if she creates another left hander down the line.
Oddly enough I throw with my left hand but do everything else with my right.
Could the reason for right handedness be related to the heart is slightly to the left, farthest away as possible from a dominant hand that uses tools and such?  The lung is also smaller on the side your heart is. The majority of people have a larger lung on their right side but there are those that it's opposite. Is there any correlation to that and being left handed?  Just wondering for a friend...
It isn't easy being lefty in a righty world
It's actually completely inaccurate to say that if some trait persists in the population at low levels, there must be some evolutionary advantage.  There just has to be no strong evolutionary disadvantage. The vast majority of humans have brown eyes, but that doesn't mean that there must be some evolutionary advantage to blue eyes for the trait to persist.  Look up "Hardy Weinberg equilibrium" for a discussion of this.
My pops and older brother are left handed. I favor my right but am able to all but write clearly with my left. My dad's favorite quota, left handed people are in their right mind.
Animals have “handedness”, so it didn’t develop in humans in any sense.
Took a fencing course in college, was one of the best in the class. Finally went up against the other lefty. We engaged  and backed off perplexed. Nothing worked the way it was supposed to.
u just insulted my right hand
From boxing to ….darts..lol
Right handed people scraped The animal skin up and hit their teeth.  Left handed people were smart enough to scrape the Animal skin down
I am one of the weird ones as I write right handed but throw, kick, bat play tennis, golf, etc. left handed.  When I'm eating with a fork and knife, I hold the knife in my left hand and fork in the right.  I slice veggies with either hand.  Oh and I'm an identical twin too so even more weird than most.
Even operating a mobilephone is most likely done right handed also by lefties
Excuse me! Is there a correlation between handedness and visual dominance? Are right handers right-eye dominant and visa-versa?  All the desks at school had a right sided writing surface. Plus nuns were notoriously strict in those days.  I can write with either hand but to this day i favor my right. When back-handing in tennis, I don't, I just switch hands and return the ball using my left. I can bat a ball with either side. I shoot bow with the bow in my right hand.  I shoot rifle with the butt of the stock in my left shoulder. I hold a paint brush with either hand when painting frescoes as needed, although I progress the giornata from left to right because it is traditional. Both my left hand and arm are larger, and when blacksmithing I hold the tongs in my left hand. According to my optometrist, I am left-eye dominant.
The artistic rendering is horribly flawed. All neanderthals were black. White skin didn't exist until generously 6,000 years ago.
I bet it's because humans are a social animal - so when skinning hide for thousands of years it was simply passed down as "this is how it's done with the right hand"
I don't belive there's a gene, I can only describe mine as my right is my power hand and my left the finesse, my older brother is only left same dad, younger bother is the same as me different dad, it's weird
thank you. \
As a lefty the world isn’t built for us. I learned to be ambidextrous. I do detail stuff with my left, but everything else I do with my right. My family was poor and lefty stuff was always more expensive.
The organs inside the body aren't symmetrical like the skin & skeletal structure. The heart is on the left side and the liver on the right side. There were evolutionary advantages to using the right hand when primitive humans were more in tune with the energy they were expending.
I know it’s a small sample size but every person in my 7 person family is left handed except my sister
Knew a girl in High School who could write cursive with either hand neatly. She could also write cursive with either hand as a mirror image neatly. It was fascinating.
I’m multi-handed. I’ve always felt like I didn’t the benefits of either “hand”
I am right handed, and my left hand and fingers can definitely move faster.  Maybe it is caused by my right hand and arm seeing more heavy use with corresponding muscular and bone development for strength.
They have studies you know. 60% of the time it works everytime!
Tools can’t be the reason as apes use tools.
I was born left handed but beat by my father whenever I used my left hand instead of my right because he believed left handed people are the devil and hate god…
This is why right lane driving is bad.  People should drive on left lane
im right handed but i also use my feet, i actually use my right foot to pick up stuff more than i use my left hand.
I’m ambidextrous
Your American Academics have failed to research Basque people  -  It's a region of Spain (a European country) across the Atlantic ocean.
Interested
Even Bumblebee are left or right handed ... some poor researcher chased them around to find that.
I use both but writing is the only thing i use my left hand for. I see my cats have a preffered side to put their tail on too.
what about those crabs with one really large claw....huh?
Hand,  arm  easy recovery transition to other ....
I'd bet dominant arm & less dominant leg goes most often....
The centre diff  💫  ⚕ 〰️ origin 👈👂👆👉 way off 🦴es imprint 1 main  ate there own 👃 chased off ⛰ 🦣 🏔 🦏 🗻 ? 🦍 👣 no race no 👅e the 🤚 ?  Uniquition off  👑  viceverse reverse 📙k off 👂d fraud n theft 🗼 know direction s 📜t
Lost limbs check averages push or pulling away or jumping back which lost and how, dominate  side variation... Then back .....might add to it ...funny ...
That angle of Attack pitch Hit or Pitch....
If In front copy action of elder, mirror actions or side by side & copy....
Mostly see primates using right in film termites the stick or the rock unless it needs two to break a window or something. If holding the hand bracing itself primary action reaching into the bowl secondary! Wit's game, gotta B different bet part of it at R level......
very interesting... im a lefty, and when i was a kid in first school, they tried to make me use my right hand for learning to write, told me i couldnt use my left, and what that did, it gave me a stammer until later on, i was allowed to use my left hand. These days tho im  ambidextrous, but obviously favour my left hand for writing
And here I'm who is ambidextrous .
More men are left handed because they are more encouraged to be individuals whereas women are encouraged to conform to societies standards.
I'm a righty for writing but for throwing or golf/tennis/snooker I'm a lefty
Kangaroos are mostly left-handed because they are in Australia.  Same as their toilet water going the opposite way.
Another animal with handedness: parrots They tend to be left footed (they will hold food and toys in their left foot) This said, my last three parrots are all right footed.
Sheesh it's amazing anyone still believes this, we came from chimps, story... There's not even a reasonable argument as to why we would've every existed or why anything but a single celled organism would've ever existed.
What sucks is that left handed products are more expensive lol
We’re all here because of sideneck and the moose
Delaterilization can cause better memory? HA! I can barely remember that I watched this video 20 seconds ago. That must not be why I'm left-handed.
I think my body's a little weird with this, I'm kinda like a crab, my right arm is best with strength related tasks, however anything pinpoint like writing is my left hand, so ambidextrous kinda
🙄 just another delusional argument from scientists trying to make something out of nothing as insignificant as being left or right handed  pretending to make discoveries. It's made up maybe since it has spread from an islamic belief of giving and receiving only with the right hand because the left is used in the restroom after 💩
I mean forget handedness, this is evidence homo habilis was processing skin into a usable form with tools millions of years ago.
I'm Ambidextrous,  I used to switch a lot in school
Lol. Imagine being left-handed
The Kerrs of Castle Kerr in Ireland were almost all left-handed, so much so that the spiral staircases in the castle have a reverse twist, to favour defending left-handers.
Love each other ❤️
At the dawn on tool use wouldn’t it been easier to develop tools for a specific hand then make the same tool for both left and right hands? Couldn’t this have led to humans preferences to use a certain hand.
Its often generational. Parents carry small children with the right arm, and the child holds on with the left. The child then proceeds to use the free right hand for everything else he is doing.
We are definitely not the only animal that prefers one hand over the other. I have a pail of meyers parrots. They are siblings. One is overwhelming right handed (footed) and one is left handed. They each have a preferred foot they eat with and pick up objects. The preferred foot is always stained with food like berries.
I was born left handed, but my parents made me use my right hand, so I just became ambidextrous.
These are the types of facts i desperately need to hold a conversation longer than 20 seconds at parties
Now do Ambidextrous people! Help please I have no idea why I am the way I am 😭  Also, ambidexterity doesn’t mean “can do anything and everything equally with both hands 100% of the time” (for some luckies it is) . But the true definition is a lack of an obvious dominant hand, as I have to switch off depending on what I’m doing. I can write with both, can only throw a ball with my right, and can only drive with my left (which is glorious when you drive a standard).
Fun episode. How do we know that Chimps, etc. didn't evolve ambidexterity after our split from a common ancestor?
Pretty interesting
The weirdest part of handedness is when you get into people who are right handed and left footed or vice versa
I was left handed until i went to school. Got straps for being lefty. Only took me 3 years to let them change me
Actually, Australopithecus was right handed as skulls have shown their victims with bashed in skulls on the right temporoparietal  areas after having been attacked from behind!
I was born left handed and that didn't last long in school lol but now i am in between lol
There's also cultural correlation between right and left handedness as well. My mother is naturally left handed, yet forcibly ambidextrous. My grandmother believed that being left handed was a sign of the devil, and so forced my mother to use her right hand.
Humans related to chimps? What morons!
When shooting guns, some people are left handed or right handed, but that is complicated when people are right or left eye dominant, which does not always follow left or right handedness.
I'm a right-handed lefty.
Left-handed people are the only ones in their right minds. Just sayin.
Here I’m thinking it’s because people who were left handed where beaten or killed because a left handed person was considered the sign of the devil.
Hahaha... many gaming mouse are designed for the righties. Being lefties don't have so much advantage now huh.
Showing my laziness, my thoughts didn't do to tools or fighting, but sleep and laying down. Since it seems healthier to lay on your left side (those who mostly sleeps on their left side have shown to develop Alzheimer's less or later), we may have developed righthandedness to be more apt to handle things while lying down. That was my lazy theory.
I was anti dextris until my pre school teacher told me being right handed was more easy
Tacoma Rainiers rock
I'm a standard rightie until it comes to boxing, then, without conscious thought, I always face my opponent as a southpaw.  And whenever I fight another southpaw, I have this moment of confusion when I realise that they are also fighting in reverse.   After a lot of thought, I realised that my preference followed Bruce Lee's maxim: *Strongest weapon to the nearest target.* I box with the goal of using my dominant hand to strike the face in the shortest possible time.
I've always been ambidextrous, but finer details are on my left hand preferred and strength is more on my right handed. I can write with either hand well, but I draw with my left, I play guitar either way, but I'm a lot better playing right handed and letting my left do the fretwork.   It feels weird not to have a go to side for most things. I can ride goofy footed or regular on a skateboarding. Most of the time its just whichever is more conveniently placed for the task.
It s also because in a lot of countries back in the days you got punished if you were using left hand. Basicly they were forcing you to become a right handed
Can you imagine zonking yourself with a stone in the mouth so often that it becomes what your known for 40000 years later? Yikes!
I would trade combat effectiveness for cheaper electric guitars any day.   Do you even know how expensive a left handed electric guitar can be?
Opening cans are the worst, the right handed people dont know how easy it is for them.
Footnote: left-handedness had survival value in trench warfare of WWI - soldiers throwing improvised explosives in the dark with their left hand were less likely to be picked off by snipers (who would routinely shoot to the wrong side of the glowing fuse).
0.40 Not correct - polar bears are predominantly left ‘handed’. (Kangaroos, too, have a predominant front paw - but they are not placental).
I'm left handed for writing but can switch it up for anything else.
Lefties taking over the world. We smarter too
Let's all take a moment to reflect upon how you might feel if random people pointed out to you that you're right handed every day of your life. You can all stop that, we know.
So most people are right-handed because a specific region associated with tool use is located in the left hemisphere? Isn't that begging the question? Why is that region located in the left hemisphere and not randomly distributed over the two hemispheres? What's the evolutionary advantage of that? Evolutionary advantage must somehow bear out in the world. Lateralization alone cannot explain right-handedness. It is itself in need of explanation.
That's easy, everything is made to work best with the right hand and we naturally evolved to fit the right-handed world we created! We evolved to fit our scissors and it was survival of the pinking shears. The Neanderthals were mostly left-handed and were devasted by the Great Scissors Extinction of 11,000 BC, animals don't use scissors so no reason to prefer either hand.
NeanderTALS -- you don't pronounce the H, even with the older German spelling.
I noticed quite late in my life that I'm not right handed-or left handed for that matter. Ambidextrous is the word. I learned to write with my right hand and had a lot more practice with it, so it looks better with my right, but besides that I do everything with either hand is nearest to the thing I'm working on. Even carving wood works well with either hand, because I always used both hands for it. I get this idea that this may be more common, that more people are ambidextrous, but think they are right handed, because it works well enough so they never tried with left.
Having faced both left and right handed fencers; it is awkward, to say the least, for a right hander to face off against a lefty. All of your wrist positions and ripostes are the reverse of what you are used to.
All the lefties in the HOOUUSSEEE🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾 It's a right-handed world. We just adapt. For most things apart from writing I can use both hands just about equally. I just become better right handed if that's how I was mainly taught. Scissors? Right. throwing? Both, but more power with my left. Catching? Right. I confuse a lot of people when they finally catch on😂😂😂 I can flip flop any utensil effortlessly until someone catches me. I tested this at school lunch flipping hands every day. Took people half the year lmaoo. Until someone finally asked if I was a leftie.
I am right handed. But, I do somethings left handed because my mother was left handed and taught me.
what about people that are left handed but favour their right leg, and vice versa?
In the wild without tools, you probably don't have to favor one hand over another.  That probably came from use of tools and having to choose which hand.  On title topic, I thought we were going to find out why we became right handed, not that we have been for a long time.
Is mixed handedness a thing?  I write more fluently with my right, but can write left handed too, just at slower speed.  I play an irish flute with the hand positions reversed.  I hold a pool cue with my left, but my right is dominant for other physical things, such as archery - I'm a dead shot using my right to pull, but I can shoot by pulling with my left too, just not as accurate, but I think that's more an eye dominance thing.  When I use my left, it is much more intuitive, I don't "know" what to do, it's sort of making 100% accurate guesses.  When I use my right, I'm much more certain about the results.  I couldn't honestly call myself ambidexterous, but my brain seems to have trouble deciding which hand I should use for what and is kinda happy with either.
"70 to 95% of us to be exact."  A 25% range doesn't sound that exact.
My mom, a retired dental assistant:  DON'T USE YOUR TEETH.
Well here's some food for thought. I fight southpaw with strike based styles while standard with grappling. I can kinda skateboard and I ride goofyfoot but I swing a bat right handed even though my ball throwing is power with right accuracy with left. When using a carpenters hammer I use my left but my right with a sledge. When using a shovel, pitchfork, or a garden hoe it doesn't matter which hand is where. As for jumping I seem to jump with the left and brace with the right but when starting a sprint or in a football stance I push with the right and use my left for a stability point.  I'm just all jangled up aren't I?
The truth is they labeled lefties evil and beat it out of them
Are they ever not lying 🤔
I'm right handed but left-eye dominant. So while I do "fine motor stuff" right handedly, anything that requires "shooting" types of skills I do left handed, such as, well, shooting, billiards, archery, etc.
The title promised me the answer and then he comes out at the end and says it’s not known. GRRRRRR
If bipedalism is associated with left-handedness, then perhaps left-handedness is simply a primitive trait that has persisted.
Enforcing right handedness is AWFUL. Had a Korean  student that would pick up her pencil with her left hand and put it in her right hand. There were  burn scars on her left hand where a pencil would sit.  Pretty sure the scars weren't from an accident.
Being left handed and living in a right handed tool world, has given me almost ambidextrous nature. I can pitch a softball, bowl, and anything else done underhanded with either hand. I play drums open handed on a right hand set, which is 100 times easier than crossing your right hand to play the hi hat. I play guitar equally bad left or right handed.  Overall I would rather be left handed than right handed, except when a fountain pen is involved.
Don’t know if anyone has pointed this out but could it be because the heart is on the left side and mothers would carry their children on the left side of their bodies to calm the child with their heartbeats, thus using the right hand to do other tasks? Which has lead to a evolutionary handed (pun very much intended) down trait? To me it makes sense but maybe not?
"[left-handedness] may be associated with better coordination" yeah tell that to my two left feet.
I’m left handed, my wife is left handed and our three children are right handed.
“70 to 95% of us to exact” how is that exact?
Both boxers were fighting in orthodox lmao couldn’t find a clip of Manny or Conor lol
without watching this I don't agree already because I've noticed that even other mammals are generally right-handed. I wonder if every 2 eyed creature has a dominant side?
I always thought ancient japan was left handed dominant because of the way their language is written
I have rebuttals to several of the comments made in this video, but am just too lazy to type them.
I think there is a population who is mostly left handed. Artists.
5:06 Are you finally going to tell us HOW? Both  grandfathers were lefties, I am lefthanded, my daughter is also left handed as are her two sons. It's obviously genetic. btw: the "Right" is frequently "Wrong." (yeah, the only ones interested in this video are lefties.)
The Kurr family is mostly Left handed, it is an oddly hereditary trait of a grouped set of people that became a family.  Their castle in the middle ages was set up in reverse making tower defense  favor them.
How did humans become mostly right-handed? Watches video: "we don't know" WOW thanks
Altho anecdotal, my father was left handed and my mother was right handed. I turned out ambidextrous naturally with very very few hand specific preferences. There may be some truth to a bit of genetics at play. Very interesting to think about.
I don't buy it. Our internal organs are asymmetrical as they were in our ancestors. The heart is the most  critical organ in the torso. Being on our left side, those who face enemies by using their right arm orient their bodies such that the sternum protects the heart. A few battles and pretty soon natural selection will favor those humans that use their right arms.
I've got the most uncommon handedness. I am left handed for small muscle groups like writing or using chopsticks. For large muscle groups I'm right, which is basically everything else.   It is not ambidextrous because I cannot write with my right hand and cannot throw a ball even halfway decent with my left hand.
could be related to eye dominance?
Enjoy what you teach yet i do wish you didn't show the same pics over and over so much.
This doesn't make sense. It could be the other way around, meaning lateralization took place because most people preferred one hand consistently. Chicken or egg problem. I believe it's more likely that the teaching process caused the preference. Passing on your knowledge how to handle tools the learner would imitate the teacher, hence the rising number of one certain preferred hand usage. Eventually with a bigger population of humans on earth it would tilt the number of people using a prefered hand in either left or right direction, it could have been the left hand, but it turned out to be the right hand by chance.
My paternal grandmother was left-handed, as well as my father.  My older brother is left-handed and my son is left-handed.  So it always seemed to be genetic, IMO.  My firstborn child seemed to be left-hand but now uses both, but for different tasks.  I'm very right-handed.  Other than hold things, the only things I can do with my left hand are snap my fingers better than right hand and play ice hockey left-handed.
I'm all screwed up. I write with my right, throw with my left, box lefty, bat righty. fire a rifle lefty and a pistol right hand and aim with the right eye for both. What the hell is up with me?
'99% of people have a dominant hand' Oh, some spectrum that turned out to be.
Right Handed = Right Wing Fascists
I myself would consider myself left handed bc im writing with my left hand. But for example when i play tennis, i use my right hand.
Whether you are a righty or a lefty, you should always use the kinfe/scraper with the blade pointed away from your face! ; )
Are left handed people usually also left footed?  I was born left handed (there is a family history of this), but at nursery school made to use my right hand only (it was a very backward school) but I am completely left footed - the right foot is for standing on only - but I am very right eye dominant.
How vigorously and enthusiastically do you have to be cleaning a piece of skin in order to scratch your teeth? And that happend for thousands of years? I find that fascinating...
To me handedness is a big deal: I was born left but switched to right by religious parents. The negative effect that had on me is profound.
Roughly 10% of the population is left handed... and think they are all in my family. And a lot of them are females. I think we have more female left handed than male left handed.
I think its more environmental than anything else. We copy what we see, like how any other ape learns.
The fighting thing is wrong.  The reason southpaws have a higher win rate is there is less of them when a right handed fighters fights and right handed fighter that means 1 win and 1 loss for right handed fighters, this hardly happens in the case of left handed fighters, also its not a surprise as I know my opponent is left handed, to go further why are there so few southpaw champion? Like less than the populations percentage, they are underrepresented.
I have see that elephants have handedness also.
Kangaroos are left-handed yes I knew I liked the kangaroos
Theres also a huge amount of disadvantages that likely kept left-handedism from becoming too prominent. Which side is your heart on? Having your dominant side being the side you want to keep protected is counter productive.
Da Vinci wrote from right to left because he’s left handed and didn’t want wet ink on his hand after writing
This video could've been like 30 seconds long. BA44 (left) controls tools. Brain is opposite so right.
Why do I write with my left hand but do everything else with my right?
Since the left hemisphere matures before the right hemisphere,  perhaps this accounts for right handed preference.  Also most motor planning and execution develops in the left hemisphere.  In the words of one investigator, "We are all right handed unless there is a reason to become left handed".
I am a proud ambidextrous man
I'm watching this to find out where I went wrong.
This is not a real thing lol
I am strongly left handed except for scissors. I cannot use scissors with my left hand.
Holding the offensive weapon in the left hand and the shield in the right is a benefit one-on-one combat but messes up formations like shield-walls.
Proud lefty here.
You forgot to mention that left hemisphere dominants have problems understanding the kinds of conceptualization that right hemisphere dominants excel at. So they damage us, force us to use the right hand, define us as witches or psychopaths and/or just kill us. No wonder there are more righties than lefties.   Please check out Betty Edwards' book 'Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain.'  Its a cult classic among artists and art educators.
Very interesting piece there I'm gona watch it again to fully understand everything you packed in. Here's a little lefty humour from my college days when my roommate was also left handed: we put up a little sign that read "Everyone is born right handed but only the greatest can overcome it"
I was born left handed but my kindergarten teacher tied my left hand to the desk so I had to use my right hand.
do you guys use the same stock images on every video? lol
Get right or get left
SO... we really don't know: 'How Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed'.
Being left handed genuinely makes life so much harder because nothing is designed to be used by you. And the things that are, are expensive -.-
Pianists need to be ambidextrous!
i do not understand how the neandertaler got scratches on the fron of his teeth. that explanation makes no sense.
Things that have made life marginally more annoying for lefties: computer mouse, spiral bound notebooks, writing left to right (dragging hand through your ink as you go!), Scissors, hand specific desks, can openers, manual transmissions, kick stands on bikes, and seating arrangements at dinner that place a right handed person on your left side 😆
I know I'm not unique in this, but anyone else find it odd that while being primarily right handed, I do a fair number of activities as a lefty? Some sports, intricate work, basic guitar, archery, etc, but not writing lol
And here’s me, right director eye (therefore, right handed at birth) yet raised by two left handed parents: well I’m left handed when I wrote or draw, for pretty much everything else (even masturbation): I’m right handed…
I have not watched yet, but my bet is that it was to protect the liver?
The greatest advantage to being left handed for the average American boy is baseball bcs I am over a yard closer to first base plus the momentum of the bat swing gets me to first base even faster.
Cats are left handed. From sitting watch closely which paw a cat extends first to walk. 99 percent of the time it is it's front left paw
I do all sports with my left and write with my right
My step son is a lefty and he struggles with all types of coordination..... Humans are varied, that's all I'll say.
Left-handed woman here—and really, really strongly left-handed.  I’ve known people who use one hand for gross motor skills and the other for fine motor skills, but call themselves left-handed when it’s the one used for fine motor skills.  Some 15-20 years ago I cracked my elbow and wrist at to very delicate, pivotal locations, and I was barely able to feed myself, let alone dress myself, etc.  I’ve known for as long as I can remember that I’m an outlier, and it’s always made me feel rather special.
What a dufas. Humans did not come from Chimps.
I used to fence competitively, and found that most fencers have a very difficult time fighting a Leftie.  It was a distinct advantage in many bouts.
Or, maybe the left handed people just chose to be left-handed, while developing motor skills.
Its because building up skill, strength and precision in your hand and arm takes time and it makes more sense to just continue improving in one hand rather than start over in the other hand
I write with the left hand but I use my right arm for pretty much anything else. Its stronger, more precise and just feels better overall. Anyone else?
I am heavily, like, totally left handed. I played high school, college, and tournament tennis at a sort of highish level.  Playing other left handers was awkward for me as well. Simply because I played against them just as infrequently as right handlers played against them.  Being left handed was also fun as heck when pitching in baseball.
There are still humans on earth now like this.
Being one handed I would say is due to tool use and balance.
Evolution can't decide to keep left-handness at a lower frequency in a population, so that it stays advantageous over right-handedness... If something is advantageous, it get's passed on and therefore will become more prevalent. Thanks for clarifying the "after our split from chimpanzees", can we get this clarified too?
Left is best
I'm ambidextrous. Started as left, but then my parents switch me to right for baseball when I was young (even though id still use my left to lead when batting)
My dad and I are both mixed dominance, although  I do use the right side of my body more, I'm prone to using my left eye or turning to look over my left shoulder. Buuuut then sometimes i swap for no reason and won't notice unless I get interrupted
I'm in a course for neurodiverse people, and 5 out of 6 of us are left handed. I wonder if that is pure coincidence or if there is a connection somehow.
Im left handed and im the only south paw in my living family
i cant imagine scratching your teeth with a rock. if i was a neaderthal i would fasten the hide down with heavy rocks or something. maybe tie it with toggles
what is kind of interesting is some ppl are right handed and use a hockey stick and shoot left handed like me giving them better puck control. others are right handed and shoot right handed making them better are shooting the puck. or you could be left handed and shoot right handed. im not sure if this really applies to anything else in life. just hockey it seems
It’s totally trainable. My right shoulder was hurting from work (computer stuff) and I trained myself to use the mouse with my left in 2 weeks. Same with eating with my left with a fork.
Bro for some reason I kept reading hummus not humans
Women holding babies on the left side because the heart is on the leftside. The heartbeat is calming. So you use your right hand more.
Lefties have an advantage in fencing, that’s for sure.
I am left handed who else . is it odd being left handed
the guy start the video saying that NO OTHER ANIMAL SPECIES HAS ONE HAND PREFERENCE  so at 6:00 he says that kangaroos are lefty because they are bipeds  if you are going to contradict yourself in the video PLEASE TELL ME IN ADVANCE SO I CAN STOP WASTING MY TIME
As a sub teacher, one silly “magic trick” I used to perform to entertain and divert a foster class was, I would declare I knew for sure that two of the students in the class of 30 were lefties. So far (to their amazement ) I have never been wrong.
In genetics i have learned that there is a gene for handedness. If the alleles for the gene is dominant then the person will be right handed and if both alleles recessive  then the person will be either left or right handed or a mixture- and that is determined randomly by how the individual happens to prefer and develop to do a specific activity with one side. That is why left handed people can have a preferred side for different tasks, but right handed people will do everything with a preference for the right side.
I’m left handed and I definitely do not appreciate the advantages lol. I’m a furniture maker and it causes constant rage with tools
Now you know guys. Mess with me and I’ll kick your teeth easily. PS: left handed ❤️
I'm left handed
Nuff'n there except some hipster dude going on about a contest to fool you into buying a piece of German slave engineered motor vehicle joy ride.  Kain't tell if the dude is left or right handed.
I would guess because humans passing knowledge would display using the right hand. And learning humans would copy using the right hand
I think it's definitely the use of tools that caused right hand dominance. Then you're only as strong as your tool and if everyone is right handed your hands won't tangle when you're wielding/ swinging weapons at a common enemy. Left handers exist imo as regulators and leaders. Left handedness may even be an "alpha male" gene. This would explain their propensity for fighting. Imagining in a smaller group of humans the leader "silverback" male may need to be able to knock out a few males at once. A near impossibility  if you're right handed but certainly possible if you're a lefty with a mean hook.
Not sure if most people are the same way but I'm slightly more coordinated with my left hand and bat/use a hockey stick left handed but write and stuff with my right hand because it's better at fine motor skills
I write with my left but for many  sports my right is my dominent hand, life for ball games or tennis.
Left handed may easily be ambidextrous . Speaking of experience
“Have split from chimpanzee “, i cant even find the way, to express, how un scientific it sounds to me
I prefer to be center handed...
i write with my left and eat with my right, so guess im superior..lol
Left-handed here and I can confirm there are no advantages for normal folks being left-handed in a right-handed world. Scissors, most doors, manual cars, the ledgers on paper and binders,  pencils (or anything that smudges) when writing, playing hockey when no one owns a left-handed stick or baseball and no one has a glove for the right hand. Ugh..... My grandma was also left-handed and the nuns used to beat her when she tried to write with her left hand. The word sinister means "left-handed" or sided.
bad video. mentions "evidence" of right-handedness, like the cave paintings, but gives no explanation of why these things prove dominant right-handedness.
Parrots are mostly left footed. I noticed this in the Australian Rosellas in my garden, then looked it up. Yep, parrots are mostly lefties.
This is a subject that really does warrant going in to the way that this proclivity has manifested in language; at least in English by way of Latin. I find this discussion wanting without the discussion of dexterous relating to being right-handed and sinister relating to being left-handed.
Lefties ain’t right
The evidence suggests a child raised by left handed parents is much more likely to be left handed and even as I was growing up only 30 or so years ago, I was taught/forced to be right handed. For anything not on my extreme right side, I prefer my left but can use either. Handedness is mostly clearly a learned trait, epistemology shows. Lefties were concerned evil and had to hide it for thousands of years. It really is bizarre. Mostly nurture, not nature. Search and read the studies to see for yourself.
I'm a lefty and have read that as a lefty  my life expectancy is significantly shorter than a righty.
"Left side part of our brains control the right side of our bodies".....heresy for my Godmother, she would slap my li'l toddler hand and chastize me not to use my left hand on account that was the hand of the devil, if she could only here what Science has discovered here....she'd definitely roll over in her grave!  So then I was a lefty at birth but was conditioned a bit by genetics and a bit by the modern day religion? =P
Hmm...do you think it has something to do with our heart? How blood flows from the left and returns to the right? Ever wonder why doctors ask if you have numbness or tingles in your left arm or hand? HEART TROUBLE! I submit that our brain is secondary in determining left and right handed. I'm not a doctor but I went to one once and he put on a glove and said "Elbows on the table".
I guess this would explain why my right handed father plays left handed sports.
Fascinating.  I was thinking about the persecution of left handed people in human history.  It was not that long ago that education systems around the world forced those who were left handed to conform.
That's weird 'cause nowadays being a lefty is praised by the media
My Father used to chastise me for holding silverware in my left hand. He reasoned that it was hard to find a good Left handed rifle. Works for me... SSG. U.S. Army (Medically Retired) Infantry / Sniper / SOF Intel (SOT-A), multiple tours and still a Right Handed Shooter.
All people are born right handed. Only about 15% are able to overcome this handicap lol.
Y’all really tried to make it hit that 10min mark😅
There are many things I do with both...I write, eat, and other precise tasks in my left... most power is in my right.... and several tasks in equal on each. I guess semi ambidextrous? What's that suppose to mean lol
This dude look like Indy Neidell
7:38 Left handedness is an advantage...which explains why there are so few of them?  This sounds like people grasping at straws to come up with something smartypants to say to "explain" something they find a complete mystery.
I'm not sure where I learned it now, but all animals that can be studied to have "handedness" are right handed just as often as we are. The lone exception is parrots, which is strange because I assume they mean feet.
De-evolution
Left hand master race!
Complicated but well explained
so this dude "slipped" and scrapped his TEETH with a ROCK like 47 times and then kept making the same movements? a tree would be smarter then that.
Humans are conditioned I need y’all to take care of one another when I’m gone
All the left handed ones who played music for the tribe died while trying to spark fire with a white stone, at the age of 27, thousands of years ago
How do you determine what handed you are? I write right handed and play sports like baseball basketball left handed. I shoot rilfes/shotguns right handed. Play golf except putting(yes I putt left handed) and billiards right handed.
anyone who is left handed is naturaly ami dexterios over a right handed, because they live in a right handed world
I have a lot of power and can fight, so maybe that is why I'm left handed. It's a gift too. I noticed as a kid I could do things others couldn't. Fighting has always come easy to me too. So has throwing a baseball a mile or really fast. The first time I picked one up I could throw way further than anyone else my age.
People say I'm left handed, but I identify as a right hander. Stop telling me I'm something I'm not please. I'm not left handed just because I use the left hand mostly.
Roughly similar statistics are found in eye dominance. Most people are right-eye dominant. So, it could also be posited that hand dominance may be led by ocular dominance. Most people are right-eye dominant and right-handed, although there are some where it is mixed, or there is no dominance at all.
So left handed humans use more of their brain! So we are smarter!
Another interesting segment would be to look at fMRIs after athletes train to become ambidextrous.
The catholic church once thought people who we're left handed were possessed. Lol 🤣
I observed some videos of chimps fishing termites. They seem to be mostly right handed, but it's not strong to be conclusive. Some seemed to be using both hands. Or maybe they were different chimps and I am not that good at distinguishing them.
and again, further in the episode, it's mentioned a relation between bipedalism and handedness... "not using a hand to move may be related".  But how does this relates to the fact we have the same FOOT preference as HAND preference? I will again point out that this seems to be overlooked by americans, because it's one thing that we really usually don´t think about EXCEPT when playing football (soccer), as we usually DO NOT need our feet to perform fine motor skills.
It's interesting that the word in english is "left handed" or "right handed", demonstrating a correlation to HAND.  The words in portuguese, and I suppose in other latin based languages, is destro (right sided) and canhoto (left sided), although I think in other latin based languages left sided may be SINISTRO (sinister, which in latin meant left).   edit: in spanish the word for left handed is ZURDO (izquierda means left). In italian, being left handed is MANCINISMO, while the word left is SINISTRO.  I mention this specifically because the video barely mentions FEET. Because the creators are probably americans who give football a second thought.  However, when playing football, your foot preference is usually VERY VERY similar to your hand. Meaning... a strong right handed person will be a strong right footed person, someone who can use left and right hand the same way, will be similarly skillful with both feet, etc.   edit 2: it seems portuguese is alone in not talking about left HANDEDNESS or right HANDEDNESS. The article about HANDEDNESS in English has correspondents in Italian, French, German, Spanish, etc. But not in portuguese.  Portuguese has articles on DESTRO and CANHOTO, words that have no relation to HAND (in fact, the words for it also don´t have relation to HAND in italian, spanish, etc)  But the portuguese article SPECIFICALLY mentions DESTRO and CANHOTO as individuals with preference of usage of LIMBS, not of hand.
I use my left hand to write, but use my right hand when I’m using my phone (texting and scrolling) 🤷🏾‍♂️
He's saying NeanderTals  Is it prounced like that?? Sounds wierd
Teaching golf has taught me that very clearly that when a golfer puts their Left Hand on the club, in what feels like a dominant position, that even when their Right Hand is also placed on the club, the brain is put into a mode that everything learned athletically over one's lifetime with the Right Hand is immediately overwhelmed by the brain allocating resources to the Left Hand - it's why all new golfer's slice the ball - that BA44 section of the Left Brain is turned off until you learn to put it back into control.
70-95% of us are "right-handed." Ummm, 70 to 95% is a huge gap. That's literally 2billion worth of people they have no idea on, "Are you right or left handed?"
I just wanted to come on this video and be cocky I’m actually left handed haha
What about people who are right hand and left foot or left hand and right foot?
I’m left handed and most of my immediate family are also left handed. My kids are right handed even though both their mother and I are left handed.
I use both hands I'm do same thing better with my right hand and things with my left hand . .
My HS football coach used to say you weren’t born right when he found out someone was left handed lol
Can something really be prefered by natural selection AND kept rare at the same time (bit about it being a comparative advantage).. I think this explanation is weird, it goes against all the evolution things I heard..
I am ambidexterous 🤷‍♂️
Today I learned that lefties are mutants.
South paw gang unite
So how human become right handed? We don't know for sure! XD Also this video could contain all the info in 2-3min insted.
I’m ambidextrous and it makes everything much easier. The only reason it’s not sometimes is because the world is made for righties. I can’t write with my right hand and our language is designed to be written by the right hand. Good thing keyboards aren’t. Not sure why evolution would favor right handedness.
* In deep voice * *I* *AM* *GENETICALLY* *SUPERIOR* *!*
I’m left handed and I can unscramble words easier than I can read
That's last line should be made into a shirt I would buy it. There's no right way to be a human and in the background you would have two hands
I have found that being ambidextrous is very useful in repairing things. Many times, once objects are assembled you can't reach the nut or fastener with the right hand, you have to use your left. I remember being under several late model cars and just try reaching that piece lying on your right arm. It takes a second to reverse the right to tighten, left to loosen approach from the right but you get there eventually. It is also great when you are tightening two nuts on both sides of an object. It goes much faster.
When I started to exhibit left handed tendencies as a child my parents forced me to learn to be right handed. This means that while I write with my right hand, my left eye and leg are dominant. Back in the 1950s it was a bit of a stigma, and the doctor thought it would work.
Oh man. Crazy stuff. I'm on the orthodox stance when i'm doing muay thai. But i'm southpaw when only boxing. I play drums, write and draw left-handed. Funnily enough i mast. Sorry gotta go. Mom's yelling dinner's served.
"there is no right way to being human" :")
Both me and my partner are right handed, we have four children, one of the is left handed.
Interested because I’m left handed..
I can do everything with both
Disturbing fact: yesterday I was THINKING to myself "Why we are mostly left handed?"
What happened to Steve. . ? :o
Thats why theres more left foot soccer players that are good
Left hand dominance also has a higher mortality rate and accident incidence since most tools are designed for the right hand. As a result being Left handed leads to more adaptability and potentially more intelligence. There are also cultural stigmas to being left handed. Until my first grade year I could draw with both hands at once accurately, but my teacher forced me to choose a hand, afraid I would confuse myself. I chose left but still have some residual of that skill since I alternate back and forth in almost everything.
I am right handed and easily can eat with left hand and almost al the time use my left for manipulating the phone apps
Being a leftie sucks, because of how we have to write from left to right and our words get smudged and ink gets on our hands and fingers. Also, my handwriting is ugly too due to being left handed, smh.
So is that the same time that we started throwing to hunt?
How about being left/right leg dominance? Why do we prefer one leg over the other? Is there any correlation? Great video PBS Eons, I love your channel!
i would love to see an episode on the loss of melanin through different populations. like how on earth did that even happen????
This video could be a lot shorter
4:58 "After our split from Chimpanzees" ICorrect me if Im wrong, but dont we humans and Chimps have the same ancestor? We didnt split from Chimps.
Or them mfs ate rocks
Aubrey
Can imagine how difficult it’ll be for left handers to use them right hand desks in school.
As a left handed woman, this makes me feel a bit special and unique.i knew we were rare,but wow even in other human species I am rare!
If you find a lobster, crab, shrimp etc. intact, you can tell if they were Rh or Lh from which claws are larger. Not sure of frequecy.
I would like to go back a few million years and see a whole civilization of men that look like “Kramer” from Seinfeld.
I seen a article once that most twins are left handed can any twins confirm this? They suggested that single left handers probably lost their twin in pregnancy.
I'm left-handed in the sense that I write with my left hand, but overall I'm pretty ambidextrous. I use scissors with the right hand and for every other task I've just a favorite hand to use with no system behind it why which hand when. And if I concentrate a bit, I can do anything with the non-fav hand, too, only not that good. I would say I'm more of a connected thinker, but I not good at any fine motor craftwork other than drawing.
The caveman is kind of hot.
Fun fact: most parrots are left-footed
Conor McGregor is left handed. He's had success in MMA. Wrestlers favour a dominant hand forward stance, unlike a traditional boxing stance. This gives right-handed wrestlers a southpaw stance, favoured by left-handed boxers, when they transition to MMA. Daniel Cormier, Khabib Nurmagomedov and Kamaru Usman come from a wrestling background and all have become world champions in MMA.
I love the jokes! This program is fantastic.
A disproportionate amount of world leaders and influential people are left handed (right brained). Coincidence? I think not.
I will teach my kids to use both hands being right handed or left handed makes no sense
I'm left handed when eating and right handed when writing and I dont what is wrong with me
My cat used her left paw more often.
This video just made me remember that people who don’t fight don’t know what a southpaw is
Ambidextrous here.  I'm often surprised when a cop on TY says "The killer was left-handed."  Oddly, they never seem to mention being ambidextrous as a possibility.
I like people assume we split from chimps but have yet to find the evidence. Gotta love money in science.
Being left handed and writing with a lead pencil
I’m left handed 😌
This guy spent the whole video saying how left handed people are better and an elite, then at the end he says there's no right way to be Human... Are you serious?
i am left handed. my son is also left handed.
My husband is right handed in everything he does except for writing which he does with his left hand.
Scratches on teeth show right handers are more clumsy ? (leftie)
The art class i went to in high school were all left handed, except a few people.
why don't they talk about fatigue? like when u scrub something with ur right hand it gets tired and then u start using ur left so u don't have to waste time recovering. also we type with both hands so maybe fatigue does play a role. that would explain how there's still left handed people since maybe some just carry over the left-handedness part but are in the minority.
I wonder if it has anything to do with our hearts being on our left side..like circulation equalibrium for the braine on this lopsided earth ..idk.. 😂
Ambidextrous people represent!
But... what about leg dominance?
Thanks for the video!  I love your uploads that deal with human evolution.   ... who am I kidding, I love all your content!  But hominid evolutionary history in particular really fills me with the joy of discovery. Thanks for the great videos!
I have a theory.  It starts at the grocery store. Grocery stores are setup very specifically, because we humans naturally circle them counter clockwise. Starting from the right side and ending up on the left side.   What would a grocery store look like at the dawn of humanity? It would be trees, bushes, stoney cliff faces, and so on. What if we hung onto these surfaces for support? Getting even a minor injury from a fall back then could of been life altering. So it'd be very important to our ancestors to not fall and sprain their ankle. So being right handed was helpful because you'd be less likely to fall and get hurt. As the tree, bush, rocks, etc were always on our right side?
Ali learned to fight both ways
A great channel!
I'm one of 5 children. Both of my parents are right handed, but both myself and one of my brothers are left handed. Regarding the possible genetic link to handedness, I have a good number of left handed relatives on both sides of my family. On a slightly different subject, I perform a lot of tasks with my right hand due to many common tools are "ie. scissors, or any tool with an ergonomic grip or handle. Can openers are another example.  Finally, maybe other lefties can chime in, but in my experience, most lefties are more dexterous with their right hand than most right handers are with their left hands...
Maybe handedness is likely as the nash equilibrium in a system where behaviours can be taught to others by mirroring what they do.. I bet as soon as a handedness preference sets in, it becomes stable. Maybe the first human to stand upright picked up a stone, threw it with their right hand, a few others saw what they did and we've been right handed ever since. Offspring that had a bias towards the right hand would pick up skills better, become stronger and more agile with that hand, less likely to be socially ostracised, so all the pressure points to bipeds/tool users becoming handed.
Absolutely mental to be able to infer handedness from scratches on teeth! How do you even see the scratches?
As a lefty, it seems I have something unique than most😂😀
Im two handed
Maybe the lefties were more clever and didn't hold the skin with their teeth?
It seems a funny theory. How many people and hours did they need to imagine that the scratches on the teeth are due to slipping stones on the skin that these guys were holding with their teeth!
It's all fun and games until a left handed person fights with another left handed person
6:55 "and this may be associated with better memory" you sure about that? Cuz i forgot what i was gonna say
scientists should look at the fact that teachers in the 1950's in schools in NY state, forced kids to use their right hand instead of their left hand they were using naturally. :(
What about favored feet? I used to kick a soccer ball with my right foot and then eventually swapped to the left foot. Would it be related to this?
gotta be genetic man 😭 most of left handed ppl i know r in my family
It will probably be considered racist in the USA after couple of years xD (I mean acknowledging any differences is already racist for them)
me the right handed, but I'm using spades or shovels equally with right/left hand or using right left/hand leg and really i don't feel difference.
I am amdexriuous
Honestly, I think most of "us" being right-handed, is more conformities, than it is "Natural". -I have seen my Dad and others "forcing" their kids to used their "right hand" instead, when the kid was using their "left hand" too much. -this is my true life experience. -if our parents are "right-handed" and teach us in "right-handed mode", we watched and we learn the "right-handed way" to do things. -over time, we get used to it, and our right-hand gets stronger and used more, thus a right-handed person is born.  "I am right-handed myself, but I was able to write Lefty with little bit of practice, like how hard it is to write with your "right-hand" at age 5 in pre-k and kindergarten, it will get better after 1 year or 2. Obviously, it would be faster than that now, but hopefully you got the point. In my personal life experiences, It's more lacking of practices and usages, then it is hereditary."
Its because of mastribation
"70 to 95%, to be exact"  uhh...
Or maybe Grug throw rock right hand and all copy Grug. In either case, interesting video.
I'm left handed. However, i broke my upper part of the bone right above the bicep. The forearm was fine though. This left me with the left arm being shorter and weaker than my right arm. So now i write, draw, use tools and eat with my left arm, and use my right arm for sports and stronger activities. Does that make me ambidextrous?
didn't expect to ever see Roger and Serena in a Eons video, lol
No one asked but the only thing I can't really do with my non-domanint hand, my right hand, is write. With every example given in the video, if I switch arms/ hands, I'd do basically the same skill wise. Specifically when I throw I'm more accurate with my left but more powerful with my right, consistently.
hate hearing human came from monke... like its a fact when its just a theory...
i think we also could be more common but we used to get killed due to being left handed
Aren't left handed people found to be more artistic in general than their Right handed counterparts??? Whereas right handed people tend to be more problem solving and spatial awareness focused? I'm not insinuating anything, just something I came across back in my high school days :)
Left handed gang
Any word on left handed presidents?
I'm a leftie and I have terrible memory and verbal skills XD Fair coordination is the only thing going for me lol
It’s called the “right” hand for a reason
Have you noticed how many very smart and very talented people are left handed?.  I know at least one person (well, two) who were ambidextrous but socially pressured to chose the right. My oldest son is left handed and it creeps me out just to watch him write
why do early man   shown alwys hunting / eating meat - all the time
my left hand dominance is only for handwriting and chopsticks, other than that I'm right handed for everything else.
hmm, im a right handed person. but when im playing football im left footed..
Here I am thinking hand proficiency was a matter of preference and practice.
Here I am thinking hand proficiency was a matter of preference and practice.
Here I am thinking hand proficiency was a matter of preference and practice.
I'm a lefty , that's why half way the video I asked myself, why am I watching this? Probably just got curious
Crabs everywhere - "Hold my beer in your puny right hands."
if brain hemispheres are indeed somewhat specialized and apparently control the majority (some reflex may be neurologically local) if not all of our motor functions, then it likely has to do with left-brainedness rather than right-handedness.  so what are the left brain functions that may have made homo-sapiens more successful than its competitors, including its left-handed cohorts?  also noteworthy is that physical activity stimulates hemispheres correlated to it and is interactive, not just hierarchical.   if hemisphere theory is true, one vector of development could be "right handed" people would have excercised their left-side more, bringing more neurological activity to that side using logical and sequential reasoning, thus the more logical monkeys have an intellectual advantage overall regards to groups, though within intra-group dynamics the exceptions may have a personal advantage as was implied in the video by providing a unique perspective that may be able to capitalized upon..  also squirrel nuts
i have that exact same knife near the start that was cutting the onion... lol
Right winger is the way - pragerU maybe
Leftie here ! All cool until you have to write with a pencil 😒
6:45 "(Lefties) process information more evenly across their brains, and this maybe associated with better coordination, memory and verbal skills."  My poor left-handedness has non of those skills. lol
Heyyyy I’m left handed heyyyyyyyyyy to my lefty’s
Damn i invented right handed
I believe  our brains evolved to have sophisticated auto self preservation programming so we naturally will protect the heart and use the right hand leaving the left to protect the left side of your chest. Most of the time if you throw something or do the punching motion you notice naturally the left arm will come up and be  somewhere around your heart
I use to be a beer man i trained myself to use the hand truck with the left hand so i could catch beer with my right!
It doesn’t work, sorry. I’m trying to post a book about an eminent scientist on left handedness
Me and my brother are both ambidextrous. I have a slightly stronger preference to left, although I write with my right hand - this is due to the fact that as a young child my school forced me to ONLY write with my right hand. So because I was already ambidextrous, I did not struggle just using my right. However for most other things I act as a left-handed person.
mfw the carrot wasnt peeled
What if lefties have less lateralization because they live in a righty world?
It's also important to remember that domestic animals that have been raised around humans have been affected by humans' handedness. If you're right handed and you walk your dog on your right side every day, walking on the left side of a person may be uncomfortable because he's so used to having a human on his left and paying attention on the right.
@6:01 "Some other bipedal mammals, like kangaroos..." May want to give that one an edit, team. :)
bruh i use both of my hands equally ig ima chimp then
I think bipedalism is what allows us to have a dominant hand. It'd be really awkward if one of your legs was much stronger and bigger than your other. So that's why I think other primates haven't gone this route
lesson learned:   lefties are like kangaroos.
How to consider humans being right-footed more often then left-footed? This would not relate to the same part of the brain or the usage of tools. This of course does not say that the argument used here is not valid, but it does open a door for another possible reason.  Then again since people can be left-handed and right-footed and vice versa, this likely still indicates that the reason for both would not be exactly the same.
Im lefthanded when writing cutting and other smal motoric movements, what i never understood is that im right footed/ righthanded in combat (mma) and in other bigger movements that require more strenth. (Sorry for my writing im not a naitive speaker)
It's actually wild that something as pointless and inconsequential as handedness can cause so much hostility in the comments. If handedness creates warring factions, it's no wonder why we are so hostile to other races, genders, sexualities, etc. Humans are kind of jerks.
Im left handed.....just saying ........
What about primary feet?
Ned Flanders
I write or throw things with my right hand but tend to do many other manual tasks like left-handed people.
That dirty sidearm from the left side
So a theory lol
I like how scientists say there was a split and might not just say that we're a different species all together like if everything evolved from the same single-celled or multicelled organism why is new species not evolving on a higher level than single-celled organisms since they evolve faster because there reality of Time is different. I'm a philosopher not a scientist but I dabble in the science
I had brain surgery on the lower left side of my cerebellum which controls basic motor function but it could have been more towards the center because I lost motor function of my left hand even though I was a born Lefty so now I'm kinda ambidextrous but can't throw left handed but I catch very precisely with my left hand and I've always thrown a ball with my right hand even when I used to write with my left hand
🤦🏾‍♂️These “scientists” be killing me when they say we split from chimpanzees. Then they’re gonna act like that’s just a fact or something. We were never monkeys.  These Atheist are so illogical when comes to how humans got here and how the universe got here.
Lol it’s also a very awkward conversation starter
Simple they beat  left he Handed kids because they were  diffrent
Left handed people are off
Sadly one reason is well left handed people back old times because of religious reason were considered evil. Even up till not that long ago my mother was forced to use her right hand as a child even thought she was left handed
I mostly eat with my left hand when I don’t have to use spoon / chopsticks
my sister is left handed but she’s two years older, my parents said i was always right handed but i copied her so much growing up i ended up learning to spell my name left handed. only resulted in being ambidextrous
Animals such as coyotes also favor a right or left paw and majority prefer right
Most sulfur crest cockatoos I have seen in Australia are left handed. Out of probably a 30 or so I have regularly interacted with, only one has been right handed. She also had a more muscular right arm indicating that she used the right hand a lot more than the left hand. Not sure whether this applies to all Psittacines.
I though i was left handed, but then once during elementary or high school i got tired of writing on the blackboard with my left hand so i just switched hands and continued with the right. since then i prefer writing on blackboard with my right hand, while still using the left for day to day writing.
1:00 the moment when a neanderthal is better groomed than you
Whenever he says "scientists" he means "anthropologists".
I dont like lefties
Cheers
I feel like this is still a theory.
A good portion of the people I know who are good at math are lefties.
I believe that I’m a left handed because I would sit across the table from my parents and mimicked them when learning to draw and eat. Of course they are right handed but to me a 4 year old I didn’t think to make up their point of view
As a lefty, I take deep offense by this backward right-handed propaganda.
Is it just me or is something off with the portrayal of tool use.  If I am using a sharp tool to scrap hide, why would I bring the tool towards my mouth?  The area you would be scraping would be from the left hand to the mouth not side to side.   Wouldn't it?   And you would scrape towards your left hand, who wants to hit them selves in the mouth as indicated by these examples?  Alternatively, could these marks be made by early versions of eating tools.  We know in recorded history that a knife was the most common tool for eating in early history.   And I seem to remember evidence of more primitive tools being used the same way.  Wouldn't that fit both hand use and how the marks are made better then what is being described here?  Just asking, if anyone has answers to this perspective feel free to point out any errors in my thinking.
I write with my left, eat cereal left but Throw, punch and bat with my right
Horses do have a prefered hand tho..
A bit disappointing that this video fails to mention anything about society's forced-use of right hands. Keyboards, computer mice, notebooks, scissors, you name it - all left-handed people are forced to use right-handed tools and are more likely to become right-hand dominant even if they weren't born that way. I was born a lefty but am now completely right-handed due to having to conform in this way.
And once again I am in the 10% of the population that are both I can use both hands equally
It is sad because "handed-ness" is just a sign the human is an idiot...
What about people that are ambidextrous? Interesting video by the way. :)
You know it's funny people always ask if I am left handed when they see me pick on heavier things with my left. But I am actully right handed. I use my right hand for more delicate and precise moments.   Both my Mother and grandmother where left handed, I wonder what part gentics plays in it being a spectrum.
Me and both my siblings are/were left handed. My mother trained it out of my older brother and sister but she said I was more stubborn with it so I'm still left handed. Although I do most thinks as a right handed person would. Writing is just about the only thing I do left handed, well I guess anything you hold like a pencil is, I do left handed. Not sure if this relates to being left handed in any way but I am also one of the few people who naturally drive with both feet even when not driving a manual transmission.
So I totally heard, left handed ppl are less evolved...🤷‍♂️
Im ambidextrous, it just all depends on what the task is on what i use
For a long time I was not aware that people did not use both hands without preference - it still doesn't make a lot of sense to me - we've got two hands - I mean you use both ears, eyes and legs - I don't have a dominant side - just depends on what side is closest. I would have thought handedness would be a disadvantage.
Left hand gang
You aren't truly left handed unless you know the pain of smudging all your work
I can imagine the maturity of the comments hehe
Repeating same line again and again just paraphrased.
I feel that it has more to do with eyesight
What makes humans unique from their primal relatives are their bipedalism (walking on two feet ) , larger brains and use of tools. Neantherthals used tools and digested meat very well. #Activestudying
The patriarchy is strong in this video - most of the human predecessors are shown male
I knew they were gonna bring up the boxing aspect of this.
I'm a mix- lefty, except for throwing side-arm, (right only) write left except at a blackboard (either) used to bat switch but right only now. Driving on the left came easy to me, I was able to take a rental combi onto a huge roundabout at rush hour and make the correct turn off easily the first time.
I noticed my kittens are mostly left handed, strange!
I wonder how many left handed people use pc mouse in their left hand? Because when I started using pc there were not even left handed mice available. So I use it in my right hand and  it feels wired when I try it in the left.
I'm a left-handed, blue-eyed, redhead. It seems like statistically, I shouldn't exist.
Writing was a pain for me, I'd always end up with graphite or ink from my pinkie to the elbow. Until the first day of Hebrew school (which, like Arabic, is written from right to left), from then on I was an aristocrat among peasants!
I remember getting a massage one time, and the therapist asked me if I was left handed. I was surprised and asked her how she guessed, and she said that the muscles in my arm gave it away.
I had a cat that would almost always paw with his left.
❌Did i specifically search for this video?  ❌Was i ever curious about this topic?  ✅Do i want to know why right handers are more dominant?
What about the fact that once we evolved to believe in Catholicism the left Shand was viewed as in clean , all the way up till the 60s children were forced to use their right hands
Born Lefty Learned Right Became Ambidextrous
Anyone else write with their left hand and do..ugh everything else with their left hand..?
Organisms unsuited for specific environments would in  lieu of "adapt" simply perish
Bacteria always retain their form unmodified
you always want a lefty fireballer in baseball!
If the left side of the brain controls the right side of the body and right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, that means only left handed people are in their right minds. ;)
Handedness is also observed in canines. Watch a domestic or wild canine running and notice which forepaw consistently connects to the ground about a quarter to a third cycle sooner than the other.
What's with that thing people say where left-handed people are supposed to be twins where only one of them got born?  Is that just a myth, then?  Wouldn't seem to gel with the rest of this.
My granny thought it was a sign of evil if we were left-handed, so she forced us to be right handed. But I have always used both hands.
I learned to shoot left handed and fight southie just in case
Before utensils aka knife, spoon etc humans ate food with their right hand, the left hand was used to clean oneself after the toilet, l remember being beaten for using my left hand to simply write, this is far to complex a subject for this format
So my left handed ness is extra rare? I’m an afab person, and the only other person in the fam who is left handed is my aunt, who married into the fam
the 1.4k dislikes are all left handed
Mohammad, the prophet, was left handed. Gawd is right handed.
5:17 Licey campeón!! Capital e capital, lo demás es monte y culbera! (Dominican will understand)
My momma said she didn't want me a left hander, so she put the fork in my right hand.
I think it was because the way your unit points.
Neither boxer in the background uses left handed stance. not that all lefties do, but it would show how big of a difference it is in this case.
This guy looks like if jim breuer paid attention in school.
I only use my left when using a pen/pencil for writing and drawing, but everything else such as using scissors, throwing a ball or even holding my phone, I use my right.
Left Handed. Not more coordinated. Sad, but true.
I'm ambidextrous and my religion teacher said it is a sign of being possessed by a demon😒😒😒
The “lefty advantage” shown today makes me think it’s been bouncing back and forth were at some points most humans were left handed and being right handed was an advantage and then it just went back around to left being advantageous over and over again
They mentioned fighting for lefties. But another reason you could have a dominance in rights, is because working together makes it easier if people are same handed. You know how you can form a very strong bond when you grab some ones wrist and they grab yours. This type of strong grab doesn't work if people are grabbing with opposite hands.   SO if you're about to slip off a cliff and some one reaches out for you. You'd better hope you both instinctively go for the same hand 😂
Left handed. Right handed. Ambidextrous is handy with both hands. Ambisinistrous is un-handy with both hands. It's a condition often caused by forcing a left handed person to become right handed.
Im very right handed but I can't drive with my right.
I’ve always had my own theory; females held their babies close to their heart in order to comfort them. This meant they would mostly hold them with their left hand, leaving their right hand free for tasks. Being better with their right hand was therefore favoured by evolution.
Left handed af
Chimpanzees are 65% right-handed, Gorillas 75% right-handed but Orangutans are 66% left-handed.
Lots of animals show preference to one side. Other primates do and even breeds of mice can have dominant left or right sides. In fact 32% of animal species that we know of favour one side or the other.
I was born left-handed, but my parents basically made me become right-handed when I was 4 or 5, so now I'm right-handed.
a lot of domestic cats seem to be left-handed too, since they seem to hit more often with their left paws.
I think that we also have a preferred foot. Why is that not elaborated a bit more on? It has to relate to a similar or the same reason and may help to explain things imo.
Proud leftie, right here! (Well...mostly anyway...there are a few things I'm ambidextrous with.)   My mom is also a leftie, as was her mom (though the schools apparently forced my grandma to become right-handed, I don't know how or why)  Anyway, there's a saying I like...: "Lefties are the only people in their right minds."  XP  Although...that gets me wondering...why DOES it swap sides (brain vs. body) like that anyway?  Also, I have heard that lefties are more creative than righties, whereas righties are more anylytical (sp?) than lefties.
My oldest brother is left handed.  I'm definitely never telling him this.  He's arrogant enough 🙄
So I'll start practicing with left hand
Me having no left arm: exists Everyone: Soo are you left or right handed?
How, exactly, would that be genetic? AFAIK there's way more evidence for "handedness" to be a gradually-acquired trait during sensory-motor development rather than an innate or genetic trait.
Monke1: Hold like this. Monke2: *holds left handed* Monke1: Nonono, hold like this. Monke2: *switches hand*
Left handed people be like : "who made us?"
Every left handed people I have ever met are special...extraordinary and possess special talents
2:09 a deer
Aren't chimpanzees and bonobos also right-handed when given something to write with or are gripping an object? Left-handedness is associated with neurological dysfunction, aside those who just inherit it from their family members. ETA: Yep. The video agrees. He said all human species.
I didnt get the T rex joke help?
My husband and my sister are both lefties. I trained myself to use my left hand much more than the average person. I wanted to be ambidextrous. My paternal grandma was also left handed. But teachers made her write a lot with her right hand. So she could use both I believe. I learned a lot of crafts from her left handed craft books. 😅 I had incentive to use both hands. I'm in the process of learning continental knitting left handed so I don't have to pause to flip my project over. Nothing like minimizing effort to encourage learning a new skill. I also wanna be one of those old ladies one day that can clickity clack knitting needles while hardly moving and spit out a project at lightening speed.
"How humans got right handed"  - talks about neanderthal who is not human ancestor
1:50 that is really really bad knife safety and a great way to chop off at least your nail if not the tip of your finger.
Me, a left hander: fascinating
That little smirk at the end lol
Getting into a street fight with a left handed person is a whole different fight lmaoo
being a leftie you can write on a sheet at an angle more than 90°. Its not a trait of being left handed. Its just an adjustment you need to make to study on the same bench filled with right handed people.
I’m left handed but when it comes to sports my right hand and right leg are stronger and I feel more comfortable using them for sports. But when it comes to my left hand I only use it for holding a pencil. Not even a mouse. Isn’t that strange!
I realized I'm left handed :^
Did he say 130,000 years ago?...
who else is left handed
Make a video about thylacoleo and it's insane teeth!  😃
Is ti weird that i am a lefty with my hind but my main foot is right?
I feel like hockey is an exception to this video, cause I think there’s more lefties in the sport than righties, I myself am a lefty in hockey but rightly in everything else! Also lefties are generally better in stick handling while righties have a harder shot!
Tío, ponte al día. El último ancestro común con los Nändertalles, son, tampoco eran. As I was telling you, ouer last comon ancestor with the Neandertales, are and when I say are its not a verbal tense mistake, quiero decir que lo somos ( no que lo fueron ), somos nosotros, que salvo en Africa, solemos ser entre un 2 y un 10% Neandertales. Por lo demás muy interesante tu video. I like it.
I'm technically left-handed and so  is my dad, but I write with my right hand because that's the hand I was taught to write with.      Also, boxing as a southpaw can be a pain when you're on mitts lmao...
The fingers on my right hand are thicker than the fingers on my left
My best friend growing up was a very rare “true ambidextrous” person. He was perfectly ambidextrous even at a young age, with full 100% even control with both hands and he did tons of studies growing up about it and showed that his brain was symmetrical, to an odd degree even beyond the average ambi person. He would often do demonstrations writing with both hands, but also capable of writing backwards with one of them, at the same time! It was weird and kinda cool.  Pretty neat. I always liked people with interesting quirks, like my exgf with an odd heterochromia. People are awesome!
I guess I’m just a kangaroo then.
I am lefthanded
He started wearing a jacket because we keep bring up how jacked he is.
The video: most people are right handed. The comments: woo, lefties!!!!
Castle towers were designed with spiral staircases that would favor a right-handed defender striking downward an invader coming up the stairs. They were made so it was very difficult for right handed soldiers coming up the stairs to use their weapons properly. This led to left-handed knights and soldiers being paid more for their ability to counter this and lead a charge up a spiral staircase effectively.
All this to say that we still don’t know what causes handedness?
Ooooh dear, the Republicans aren't going to like this! Scientific proof that the Lefties are better at fighting.
Octopus: yea, I got 8 arms and I prefer just one of them.
If we "split from chimps," then why are there still chimps?
My dad uses both left and right hand 😀
Incredible how straight lined the teeth were on that 1.8 mio. year old skull, wow. Also, so amazed by history and evolution <3
@6:40 - I can attest to seeing this within the lefty population! Many of us consider our two hands to have different uses. For instance, many use the right hand for large motor skills and strength based activities and the left hand for fine motor skills and dexterity based activities.
I've learned to use both within time
I've always wondered how left handed people discover that they are indeed left handed cause since childhood I was always taught to use my right hand.
....nice video, but it does not really answer the question it addresses.
Kangaroos are left handed because they are on the southern hemisphere.
Spainish  bulls will favor one horn in a bull fight. American Indians were lefties in 3 out of 5 people.
Some crabs have dominant handedness.
One angle that they didn't poke at would be that handedness may have developed similar time to social roles. A tool maker would make tools to suit their hand preference, others who use said tools would have to hold it the same way to use it properly. In time this would lead to whole communities who prefer a set hand, as generations go on people would become further attuned to using a chosen hand. As trade and cultural drift happened a preferred hand for certain tools would spread and right won out over left.  Although I do wonder if more modern day items were available in left or right hand versions would we see a bump in lefties? is being right handed carved into most of out genes or are most people ambidextrous who grow up in a right handed world and adapt to right handed items leading to left hand coordination to atrophy in most people?
Ngl I got bored
This makes me, a lefty, feel so special
Please do seahorses i beg you
Thank you for confirming that us lefties are smarter! Heh-heh.
Manny Pacquiao is left handed.
Ok left handed people you are smarter and more interesting than right handed people and life is really hard for you we get it ok
Maybe people are right handed because ny being bifocal that handed is biased towards the dominant eye (usually the right eye-80%)
My twin sister is a lefty.  I am right.
Interesting that color-blindness (8% in males) and left-handness (10-15%) are at a similar incidence.  Surprising an opponent in battle or seeing terrain/game/foilage a little differently than the rest of your tribe offers something unique and valuable.  Especially in humans which (essentially) only exist as a member of a tribe, not as solo animals.  The tribe is stronger if there is variety - near-sighted people to weave and knap flint, far-sighted people to spot game.  Cautious people who collect enough safe food for winter and rash individuals who kill the wooly rhino and that try that unknown red berry.
Sanaol taas ang ilong
Are left-handed people left-footed? Is that even a word?
Chimpanzees might not have a dominant hand because of their lifestyle perhaps. Needing a lot of dexterity and both arms to swing in the trees. Could it possible be lifestyle that explains it mostly. Animals that use their front limbs in any other way really that doesn’t require that dexterity might have a dominant hand?
Not clear
I some times wipe my arse with my right hand...when there is no toilet paper left.
If BA44 is responsible for making us right-handed, then what happens to it when people are left-handed? Does it switch sides in the brain?
Lefties unite!!
Recommended to a lefty
This video only mentioned positive things about being left handed. If that were correct, lefties would long ago have expanded until they were at least half the population. What are they not telling us, and why are they not telling us? Is there something negative associated with left handedness that is too politically incorrect to mention?
Ushijima
I'm left-handed and I have a great memory. I remember things vividly. Events that happened to me and other family members, but I always remember things with a higher accuracy and sometimes I'm the only one who remembers something at all. Things that happened when I was five years old.
“Handed-ness.” How bout “dexterity,” bud?
It's disgusting how right-centric the world is, lefties need to campaign for equal rights
A strong left is good for a liver punch.
I write with my right-hand but I apparently hold cutlery the way a left-handed person would when eating.
I like the combat advantage being a lefty gives you, but being the only left-hander at my krav maga club means I'm often in an orthodox stance anyway so people can practice their techniques properly, because techniques for fighting opposite-handed people are later in the curriculum.
“Better memory and verbal skills” Me: a leftie with diagnosed ADHD...
Any ambidextrous guys here ?
There's something sinister about lefties.
We are right handed because they made us right handed. Because when you are left handed, it activates the entire language center into your right brain. If you are a left handed person, when you learn to speak, your language center develops into your right brain. This means you are more capable of connecting with your right brain, communicating from the right brain, and picking up information from the right brain. The right brain is an entirely different brain, and it is connected to Source, which has infinite wisdom and all the answers to everything. That is why master artists and genius level musicians are always left handed. They are capable of accessing their right brain. Nearly all presidents and Elite families are mostly Left Handed.[Because they know about the importance of being left handed. Left handed people have a higher IQ also.]
Chimps?  I have yet to see proof. Evolution is a theory I dont buy into. I do think humans needed a more focused arm to use their tools more efficient and hunting.
Hmm, seems more likely that they put meat in their mouth and cut their bite off, often scratching their teeth. That's how primitive people eat to this day. I've done it myself.  Nobody scrapes a hide that way. They scrape it on the ground or on a log. This didn't connect any dots that I can tell. Hope nobody is out a lot of grant money.
Lefties Rule!
Being left handed has given me a perspective on how right handed my right handed friends are.  Also a nasty curve ball that breaks down and in.  Righties on the tennis court frequently make placement mistakes against lefties.  Shaking hands does not necessarily feel the same with righties and lefties.  Typewriters are generally left handed.  Just some random thoughts that go where you take them.
I'm left handed and I can back that there's no advantage of being left handed. Have you ever sat down in class next to a right handed person and not bumped into their elbow or had to valantly fight for  your elbow space???.
I am dominant right handed, but after my time as a boy scout, I've learned to utilize the left side of my body to great extent too and will automatically grab whatever I decide I want to grab, if it falls by my left side.
How do they know the cave paintwrs were right-handed?  These artists could have flipped their right-hand around & painted with their left-hand
Then how can the ambidextrous condition be explained? And what significance does it shows over both right/left handed physiologically?
This means I'm a monkey or that I'm newer than right-handed people?
It’s not left handed boxers that excel. It’s southpaw stances that excel in boxing or MMA as stated. People don’t get to practice as much as against the southpaw stance. Plenty of right handed people fight out of the southpaw stance. It gives you a strong lead hook.
I was going to be a lefthanded growing up, but then my mom made me be right handed.
I know horses prefer a leg to put in front to stabilize while eating grass. Mostly they have also a favorite side while riding whatatches the favorite leg
*sad leftie noises*
left handed gang 😌
The juicy precipitation typically park because plough osmotically fill on a even excellent excited college. unbiased, humdrum eggnog
I am working curently on Neanderthals and I tought I have seen every single illustration of them that exist and now I see new, totally awesome ones!  Thank you for writing in your description who made them - that is very proffesional of you and it made my search so much easier and faster if I were to contact with the creator (thought the twitter account does not exist ;).
Even then, the  Neanderthal nuns would hit you on the hand with a ruler if you wrote with your left hand
Hey Eons, I recently learned that all toothed whales don't have any sense of smell and that pretty much every member of the cetacean family has no sense of taste either. I'd love to see you guys do an episode on why evolution chose to scrap these senses and if it provides any kind of advantage in nature other than not having to worry about the dreaded awkwardness of aquatic B.O. or the ability to suck down your friend's horrible cooking like it's nothing.
What if right handedness partially came about by a quirk of chance, by which i mean what if the first couple humans just happened to be right handed and through the act of teaching they pushed right handedness to be artificially more common, after which itd be a genetic advantage to be right handed since that would allow you to learn more easily in those primitive societies.
interesting, cause every left-handed person i know is a woman xD 5:15
please do one on elephants. how did they got that tusk?
Wouldn't the biggest evolutionary advantage be for everyone to be ambidextrous?
Not to mention u have a rang of how much people uses their hand ... n u have people who uses both hands... where are you getting info? N please stop mis informing people n learn about evolution
We did not split from chimpanzees.... wtf they come alone way after our family split from that line so??? What??
Who else here is also right-handed but forces themselves to primarily use their left hand just to balance things out?
this is a very long iwe dont know
I’m right handed but have worked hard to be able to use the computer mouse equally with my left. I figure it’s better to try and be balanced. 😄 I can write left too, but it takes a minute.
Ever been to Croatia.  They STILL use their teeth as a hand. 😆  BOK HRVATS!
Elephants prefer one tusk over the other when they are scraping stuff
I'm left handed. My whole life I've wanted to build a house that's entirely left handed
A whise man once said left handed people just want to enjoy an advantage in combat.
The combat advatage is even better in sword fights in medival Towers which where build so the intruders had a hard time attacing with the right because the spiral stairs always went right.
Well answer THIS then buddy, why do they only make left handed oven mitts?!!
I was born leftie and was socially retrained to be a righty to better fit in. still default to left for non writing tasks.
Huh?
Haha I'm lefty noobs.
::shocked by the sudden realization that computer mice are right handed and the ongoing horror that lefties have experienced in the computer age::
I can shoot heroin with either hand!
elephants are right or left tusked
I was left handed but had an injure in my left arm so I had to use my right hand while the otter healed and now I'm right handed
The boxing thing is true, but the why is wrong. You don't usually punch with your primary hand, bc you throw more jabs than power strikes. The reason lefties are more problematic is in their stance and hoe the angle throws off traditional fighters
I wonder if some preference has come over time from so many being trained or taught tool use by other right handers.
Had a feeling it has something to do with the location of the heart.
Ok, great...so I one more privilege...lol
What about the ability to do both hands in your tasks or as what they called it dexterity, the ability to do task in performing in both hands in any activities or hobbies....
I know that this wasn't your intention at all, but I'm left-handed and this video has made me feel a sort of evolutionary weird byprocess. Maybe it should  have been better to have a left-handed guest to talk about it
Probably because of the direction the sun moves so we started using our right hands to more often keep the sun out of our eyes.
Isn't the fact that when we started throwing rocks to blame for a dominant hand?
the worst part about being left handed is going up staircase with no handles and beating up all my opponents with no room for competition and bettering myself  edit: thanks for the like
I guess youtube thinks I'm a leftie.
It is so weird. I was just thinking about it these days.  I'm right handed, but that are things I can only do with my left hand, it is automatic.
This entire video is a complete failure. It's great work, but way off the mark. We are mostly right handed because a right handed person made the first weapons and tools fitted for them. Yea, it's that simple.
imagine only favoring one hand -this post was made by the ambidextrous gang
I taught both of my dogs to spin in place for a treat.  They turn to the left.  But when I lived in Buenos Aires for a couple of years, they spun clockwise!  Coriolis effect?
Are we determining the difference between "man" and "woman" genetically, hormonally, or by self-identification? And how does that affect the handedness data?
My cat is left-handed.
That’s Easy...Monkey see, Monkey do
It’s all fun and games being a leftie until there aren’t enough left handed scissors in the class.....  Also, you aren’t left handed until you’ve had the comment “omg, how do you write with your left hand?? It looks so weird” 🙃🙄😂🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
Why do most have a preference when writing with a pen but when typing, the use of both hands at the same times is no problem?
meanwhile crabs with their huge arm and little arms
Excellent insight Mel. Yes, the denseness of the strong side can be felt when handling one leg of the horse compared to another. Yes, the handedness of the rider very much effects the lack of ambidexterity in the horse. We humans also are legged, using one leg more than another and consider the asymmetry of the spine in both athletes, too. We are always training for ambidexterity and balance, so when you get a left handed horse with a left handed rider it can be a challenge. New in equine sports therapy are chiropractors who work on both the horse and rider so one doesn’t make the other crooked! Happy Equinox, may your life be in balance. See in my photo that even as we are flying over a fence, both our spines are bent right so on the landing she knows we are turning right.
Since you all always ask for what we want to see, I'd like to provide this: Dunkleosteus.  How about how bitey they were? Or, how they came to be?  Where they were found? Etc...
I agree that if left-handedness was more common it'd lose its advantage of surprise in sports. When I was still fencing, I was part of a club where 7 of 10 members were left handed, so I was far more used to fencing with lefties than others, and it helped immensely against many ranked lefties who were used to encountering righties who had more difficulties dealing with them.
I'd love to see an eons episode really honing in on the Atacama Desert.
I’m left handed and has a boxer I mostly have the advantage cause mostly all left handed boxers are southpaw so when a orthodox boxer fights a southpaw they know to look at for the left hand but my Advantage is that I’m an unorthodox fighter so my opponents always think that I’m right handed when fighting
Lefty here to see what's wrong with me. 👀
So they gave him a jacket so people would stop commenting about his muscles 😂 guess it worked
Man being a lefty sucked in school. Ink stained hands every day.
Hey pbs eons please make a video about liopleurodon
But can you be left or right footed?
Me who's ambidextrous after teaching my left hand how to write after fracturing my right hand:
I could've sworn they decided house cats are usually left handed based on which paw they use the most when attacking/scratching.
Will you guys ever do a video on seahorses????
what about ambidextrous peeps? how would our anatomy look compared to left- and right-handed people?
For some reason Iain McGilchrist and Master and His Emissary jumps out. Also that bit at the end about left-handed fighters, Dan Inosanto has said a lot about that as a leftie - ie. you have your style and then you're forced to learn everyone else's (right-handed) which is harder at first but the necessity takes you father and makes you more adaptive, a bit like Bret and Eric Weinstein's learning disabilities make them somewhat polymathic for their workarounds.
Some of our important internal organs aren't symmetrical, maybe it could be used as a hint to try to explain right-handedness preference.
Neat
7:53 for the explanation
This video takes a long time to say basically: we don't know.
Being a leftie is fine.  Unless you are an Arab...
I seem to be right-handed for most things, but left-handed for others, for example  when cutting stuff, I hold it with my right hand and cut with the left when playing cards, I put them in my right hand and handle them with the left when playing soccer, I kick with both legs, but tend to use more the left one (also some tricks I find easier with the left leg) when I tried to skate, I found it much more comfortable to put the right leg at the front (goofy stance), which is a lefty thing to do since the leg at the rear is used for propulsion etc  but still I can basically only write with the right arm... I find this quite weird
Real boxers train defense from any side.
I'm a lefty, and my parents are both right-handed. My two best friends are both lefties, and all four of their kids are right-handed.  🤷‍♂️
So I’m right handed writer and left handed driver What am I considered
Fellow lefties, you don't raise your wrist while writing to not cover yourself in granite?
I was wondering how ducks came to be.  If you have the time to explore this
do nonhuman primates have hand preference?
I read something recently that cats might have a paw preference.   Shown by which hand the away for toys with things 1st. Other areas as well. I've heard other animals also have a right or left sided preference. Humans are not exclusive lol A lefty often learns to use both hands due to a heavy right handed world. 😄
.. and why do we breed?
Ever see string instrument players hands. Freaky. I have four daughters that play the violin. Like wow with the difference in their hands. 👐🏽
Southpaw fighters are unorthodox and uncommon, just like you said. That makes it harder for traditional fighting stances. That's why the best MMA fighters can fight southpaw and orthodox and put the game on another level
The part about handling and genetics it's so fun to me. My mother is leftie and my father righty, we are 4 siblings, 1sister and 3 brothers, and two of us are left-handed and two right-handed
1:49 someone should teach him/her how to peel the carrot..
Why are most of the people commenting left handed? Could it be that left handed people, (along with people who have a loved one who is left handed) are more interested in the topic of handedness?
I am not ambidextrous, but when it comes to "direct contact' (writing, throwing, bowling, basketball, etc.) I am left handed.  When it comes to indirect contact (batting, tennis, hockey, golf, etc.) I am right handed.  Go figure.
Sidedness or directional asymmetry if you like is far more common than thought. For instance, horses have a distinct sidedness with most horses being left bended and therefore more likely to take left led canters.
Also, we might’ve prioritised one hand to free up more room in our brains for knowledge and other tasks
Crustaceans are also mostly right " handed " / "clawed"
I’m right handed. My partner is a leftie and so are most of my friends. I’m actually out numbered when we are hanging out.
I was born left handed but was forced by my teacher at the age of 5 to switch to my right hand. Everytime I used my left hand she would run over and grab my pencil from me. For years using my right hand my writing looked like I'd been writing during an earthquake.
I used to know a girl that could write cursive with the right hand and write the mirror image with her left hand...    at the same time. It was something to behold.
I just figured it’s a case of our brains always going for the easiest option. Tasks requiring precision from both hands at once are pretty rare and our ability to concentrate on two things is limited so only one hand develops coordination
Not sure how even handed this discussion was.  They didn't even discuss ONCE, that left handed people are children of the devil.
Is it possible that it may all boil down to hand-eye coordination and specialized tasks?
I'm surprised they didn't mention how warriors would use shields with their left hands to protect their hearts. That evolved to combat formations where every soldier would use their right hand for weapons and left hand for shields. This detail is the primary reason why most humans are right handed, even though we are all technically ambidextrous.
You could be cleaning animal hides in a cave but instead here we are
I'm a lefty and I do well in boxing.  Crazy I didn't know this or think about it.
As someone that engages in sword fighting and is very near ambidextrous: the left handed advantage is more than just surprise. A righty that has only fought other righties has no strategies for dealing with a lefty. The sword is on the wrong side, the shield is on the wrong side. All the money shots that work on another righty go straight into the lefty's shield. In contrast, the lefty is well learned in fighting righties and knows how to exploit having the sword arm on the same side as their opponent. When two lefties fight, it is often comical, as neither really knows what to do.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrious
Stating that people have a dominant hand, like the right hand, disregards that for most tasks the two hands work together. For right-handers the left hand often holds and stabilizes an object. So the left hand tends to be more steady and have a firmer grip. See research by Yves Guiard on this.
Lefty here lol
Could you do one on first cellular reproduction, please?
Interestingly, molecules are also left and right handed.
Don't forget some individuals prefer their otherwise non-dominant hand for certain tasks! (I shoot pool lefty, it just doesn't feel natural the other way.)  Handedness is part of a greater pattern of lateral dominance that also includes the feet, eyes, and ears. People who skate usually stand on their left foot and push with their right; the opposite is called "goofy". And while a majority of people prefer their right eye for alignment tasks and peering into instruments, and a majority prefer their right ear for listening against surfaces or into seashells, cross dominance is fairly common, e.g. someone whose right hand and right foot are dominant but whose eye and/or ear preference is left, or vice versa.
Pleas make a video about platypus
so interesting
Whatever happened to my boy Steve
Believe it or not horses get bored with just being left to be.
Nolejbal
The pun at the end ruined it all
Make a video about the first fungi in the world
At 7.40 he says left handedness is an advantage but it's also a reason why it isn't more common, because it would lessen that advantage. But wouldn't a trait being advantageous make it more common?
So dwarves (Homo Neanderthalensis) Used hammers. And a tool, whether hammer, knife, cutting rock, axe, or otherwise, is best used with one hand, so specializing in one hand makes sense.
As a person who can wield both hands equally,  I've always seen you one sided people as inferior.  😘
*triggered in left handed*
I can write with both hands simultaneously (the same words).. Can also write backwards with left hand while writing the same thing "correctly" with right hand, simultaneously.
I'm right handed, left footed and ambidextrous with my eyes. I'm pretty weird I guess.
Lefties can't even join a proper phalanx. They are useless. 🤷🏻‍♂️
C'mon, do we need a youtube video for it?  It's always the right hand to beat the meat.
paul McCartney being left handed allowed him to easily share a mic w/ George harrison
That's the pirate from Dodgeball.
We have an idea but we really don't know how or why people are mostly right handed.  There....  Just saved you 10min.  You're welcome.
I  heard a school of giant squid are locked in by icebergs and need to break up the ice to get free.  Well they need to get kraken.
This is not very accurate or well thought out, massive holes in the suppositions offered here without any actual science t back up the assumptions.
"70 to 95 percent to be exact" lol bro thats not exact at all
I don't think being a southpaw gives any advantage among untrained individuals
Tell this to my kindergarten teacher after she made me sit on my left hand to correct my left-handedness lol
I read in a book by Carl Sagan, probably Broca's Brain or Dragons of Eden, that humans may be mostly right-handed because it was conventional to wipe one's rear end with one's left hand - back before TP and wash basins.
As a lefty myself, I think a left handed man is sexy....
I write with my left hand but do everything else with my right I always wondered why.
I would love to see an episode about early clothes/adornments!  Also happy to hear some validation for us "handedness is more of a spectrum" folks! :D
I'm naturally right handed but play pool using my left hand. Forgot the reason why since I've played since I was six.
I was once in a college lecture course with 70+ students. I was the only lefty (besides the professor).
It hurts my ears to hear one person referred to as"they*.
Me: dominant left-handed Also me: horrible memory, can’t talk properly and fall al the time 🤨
I have a friend who’s ambidextrous....
I should just teach myself to write with my right hand just to screw with people
such a sweet little ending
Anyone know how the fact that I use my right hand to write , but my left when I swing bats/sticks be explained?
Thats definitely not how they got the scratches lol these ppl that made that theory have probably never skinned a animal lol 😂
This video has made me VERY curious as to if I could train myself to be ambidextrous....has anyone ever tried to CHANGE their handedness? 🤨
How humans became (mostly) right handed.......How I watch (pretty much) anything on YouTube. 😕
Shoutout to all my lefties
Honestly being left or right handed is not necessarily genetic , I used to be right handed by then had an accident that temporarily made me unable to use right then I learned to use the left and so after a while I became genuinely left handed.
He lost me after he said we came from chimps to making tools lol. what year did we come from apes then making tools I must have missed that history lesson lol
People are saying being left handed makes you special, but I’m fully ambidextrous. I don’t have a dominant hand
My son is left hand dominant . I noticed from a very early age when around 1 year old when he would almost exclusively reach for things with his left hand .
Right handed boxers lead with their left hand. 7:11 You can even see it in the stock footage.
I'm lefthanded
Eugene melstner ?
Its funny, I've been left handed my whole life and no matter how many times my family has seen me write they keep forgetting
No other mammal has a preferred hand/paw?  I think maybe it has not been studied. Coming from training animal and working in animal hospitals I was taught differently and I could have sworn there was a study on these too but that was awhile ago and I don't have time to dig them up now.   Horses generally prefer their left side, they will pick up their left lead when moving in a straight line. Is that not the same category of thing? Cats are left pawed mostly (I forget the percentage) but when they bat at things or reach for things they will generally use their left paw first unless the other is nearer.
we also have a dominant foot. Cheers.
What about crabs?
Question, if we humans evolved from chimpanzees, why are there still chimpanzees? 🧐🤨
Most dogs I’ve met are right paw dominate
Other primemates do favor left or right hands
Thank you Captain Malcom Reynolds
I’m left handed and everything I see and learn was in the right side so I learned to use both. I prefer my left but I tend to use my right more for less stressful activity’s
i can use my both hands no difference
I'm very surprised that you ommitted one of the strongest explanations of right-handedness, which is the appearance of speech and processing of speech in the left hemisphere of the brain.   This is clear when you observe hand gestures when people talk.  So we evolved a language, and as a result the right-handedness appeared.   Instead you focus in your video on dead-end explanations like genes, whereas there is a huge cultural component.  E.g. this paper: https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/14621511/#:~:text=Right%2Dhandedness%20may%20have%20arisen,the%20function%20of%20Broca's%20area.
Advance troops of lefty swordsmen would overcome these clockwise upwards spiralling castle defences.. dang, good advice, too late :)
anyone ambidextrous
Somewhere in this video it states humans are the only animals to have handedness, and that's not true. Cats, for example, tend to be left handed. A lot of animals are left handed/footed, actually.
I always assumed that handiness was tied to sleep position. Most right handed people sleep on their left side. If this happened over evolutionary development, perhaps the left side sleeping meant that the left lobe of the brain had a more consistent supply of blood. This side of the brain was more developed and because it controls the right side of the body, that too would benefit from higher brain development. When I was in the hospital in my youth, the nurse told me to sleep on my left side because of a gastric issue. She said the stomach was designed to relieve pressure best in that position. We have other organs that are on one side but not another, the heart while in the center of the chest has a larger left ventricle. More blood on that side from sleeping on the left? I just figured it was something to do with the way we slept.
Well, I'm right handed but I use left hand in washroom ( for both purposes ), 🤣 maybe because I am Indian.
Left handed here... no eye hand coordination, suck at all sports.... have language disorder..... slow processing and slow reaction time...
Left handed boxer wins more because they can hit liver of opponent more easily with dominant hand
Me, who only uses their left hand to write but does everything else with their right: ✋🏽👄🤚🏽
We are NOT from Monkeys! My dog is a lefty.
1:45 I find this weird.
My sister is fully right handed but can only write with the left. She's definitely a devil child.
I'm female and left handed, my mother and sister are left-handed also. My father and brother right handed. Its interesting to learn that left-handed people have less lateralized brains. The connection between tool making and right-handedness is also interesting.
Editor: "We are 1 minute short of footage"  Director: "Just throw in that footage of the monkey taking food from the human's hand 17 more times"
In 1st grade my music teacher said I was wrong for being left handed. Maybe she was right based off how bad my handwriting looks.
Using the word scratch and teeth in the same sentence
Where are my left handed gangs?
Right-handed people will never know the pain of having to write left-to-right with a number 2 pencil all throughout school and constantly having to scrub the graphite off your hand because of how it smudges as it moves over what you just wrote.
Being in my 50s, I don't know if I'm right handed or left handed. It depends on what activities I do. If it's something I haven't done, I have to try which hand feels more dominant.
Lobsters often have one claw larger than the other. Idk how true it is, but heard it was from being right or left handed. Well clawed
I'm right handed I broke it and had to learn to write with my left hand at first it was bad but after 6 weeks I could write a lot better with my left hand
Here I sit with my mouse on the left side of my keyboard, even though I am right handed. Interestingly, my youngest brother is left handed, as was my late father. My son and daughter can both mouse left handed. Both my son and I played left side positions in field sports.
Hmm maybe I should take up martial arts again
Betsy stole my punchline! Mine goes like this... Why does the brontosaurus not want to ride with the tyrannosaurus? Because the Tyrannosaurus wrecks!
Left-handers are the Spohn of the devil
left handed people are just looking for attention really
A long time ago, a couple of hundred years ago, this guy was fightin'. I think it was around Philadelphia. He was left-handed. His arm was facin' towards New Jersey. And that's south, so they called him Southpaw. You see? Southpaw, South Jersey, South Camden, Southpaw... You know what I mean?
Southpaw 🥊
Another word for handedness is "chirality"
As a righthanded person who plays guitar, I'm often amazed at the intricate fretwork I can accomplish with my left hand. Yet, if I try playing lefthanded, the same left hand becomes utterly spastic when I use it to strum.
"Being a leftie comes with some unexpected advantages". Yeah, such as a 4 day working week and higher minimum wage!
Why are famous snipers and marksman, world record holders in both distance and kill counts, so frequently lefties? You'd think that would be like your comparison to darts in left-handedness and adeptness irrelevancy. This is compounded since right-handed firearms are predominant if not exlusive, and so the equipment itself is not even designed with lefties in mind. Is their a reason for this link?
Yet some could learn to become left handed, ambidextrous, or both handed
In boxing, left handed fighters often have more problems with other left handed fighters.  A southpaw stance makes the most sense for left handed fighters and is less common than a conventional stance.  In other words most fighters are better at dealing with right handed fighters because there are more right handed training partners to work with making it a more familiar experience.  You are usually better off training to fight right handed fighters (left foot forward) because there's always more of them.
My grandmother was left handed but forced to use her right hand at school. Proudly I inherited her left handedness and my daughter inherited it from me.
Ambidextrous gang WHOOP WHOOP
Peerhaps left  handed defends from some guy who lost his right hand in an accident at a young age
can it do something with where the liver / heart is? That's the only asymmetry in the body I can see... no other animal is as vulnerable as us. And liver is a bigger target
How about a video on the evolution of bones?
Pat venditte watching this 👁👄👁
I shall establish the Left handed empire on mars. lol
Here in Wigan England we call left handers. . Kegys . ?
the only left-handed people in my family are the daughter of my grandmother's sister and... me. weird how that stuff works. definitely seems to have more than genetics at play.
I'm only left handed to write, everything else I do is with my right hand, never found anyone else like me
0:05 umm. No one is going to question that theory about the scratches on the teeth. It doesn’t seem very logical to me. Like wouldn’t you cut your lips on the blade first or cut away from your mouth. I am very confused about this non logical theory.
Fun fact: Around 66% of orangutans are left-handed
I dont get that joke..... "because T-rex"... ?
This is amazing
I think of an alternate or part of the solution. Im right handed. when i want to hit the ball with my left foot on the pitch i observed that i have dificulties to step regularly and stabilized. I thought of it and its is better for me to stabilize things with my left. Is it a result of being right handed or part of the reason. Maybe its easier to hang on the tree, holding meat and bone etc for left side.
I’m the best gene specimen on earth
My daughter is left handed 😊
Ok then, why is BA44 in the left side of the brain?
I am very righthanded and rightfooted, and only a few certain things feel natural to me to do with my left hand and/or foot (often those things will at the same time feel unnatural to me to do with my right hand/foot).  I am so righthanded that when using a fork and knife, I will have the fork in my left and hold down the food, and the knife in my right to cut it (which I think is what you are mostly taught to do if you are a righty)... but putting the food in my mouth with the fork in my left hand feels awkward... it feels like I am just about to stab my self in the face with the fork when I do that. XD  So while I cut food with the fork in my left and knife in my right... when it is about time to actually put the food in my mouth, I put down the knife and transfer the fork to my right hand to put food into my mouth with my right instead. This is why I almost never just cut one piece of food and put it into my mouth... but rather cut several pieces befor I make the switch, some 3-6 pieces but often depends on what it is I am eating... so that I do not have to switch the knife and fork around every single time I cut the food. On occasions I will cut everything on my plate down to the right size befor I finally start to eat. XD  Some might here wonder why I don't then just use the knife in my left, and the fork stays in my right hand the entire time... and sure, that is the logical thing to do... but... trying to cut food with the knife in my left hand feels even more awkward to me than trying to put food in my mouth with the fork in my left. XD  I do know as well that when ever I am about to step up onto something, be it stairs, sidewalk, or what ever, it is almost always my right foot that I take the first step up with... even if I have to take a set of short steps beforehand to make sure my right is the first foot to step up. And the few times I have kicked a ball around in my life it is always my right that I kick with... trying to kick with my left just does not compute for my body and brain, it's like my brain throws up error messages when it tries to compute how my body is supposed to move and lean when you kick with the left. XD  With a few exeptions here and there, I seem to be pretty "un-bidextrous"... XD
As a left handed person I wish my parents had put me in boxing lessons or baseball as a kid
"70 to 95% of us" is not being exact
As a left handed person I am sad 😥
1:54 u sure about that
Im lefthanded
What about crabs
Could there be a “rise and downfall of Saber-toothed cats” episode?
The far show adversely scratch because meat semiannually object outside a well-groomed lunge. three, vast volcano
The domineering statistic disappointingly welcome because justice expectedly regret regarding a wakeful screwdriver. demonic, ubiquitous drink
I would say left brain right brained is what makes most right handed also electromagnetic...
Im right handed, but I use my left legs, because my teacher told me so. In my brain it stayed wired like that.
In my product design class in highschool, 8 out of the 12 people were left handed. Was pretty crazy.
when i played baseball i threw a ball right handed but swung a baseball bat left handed. i also write with my left but i box right handed. my right is generally more powerful while my left is used more for fine motor skills.
I am right-handed, but when I was a child, I broke my right hand twice, and since then I am writing with the left hand and I do not know how to write with the right hand
Do animals also possess eye dominance in the ways that humans do (i.e. left-eye dominant, right-eye dominant)
The different sweater progressively influence because gun intraperitonally watch near a volatile suggestion. perpetual, auspicious knight
left handed, though right mouse handed.
Yes! I played the video with my right hand!
Left handed golf clubs were impossible to find in early human history.  What choice did they have but to become right handed.
Left handed fighter are called southpaws  You probably don’t care but now you know🤷🏼‍♂️
Any other lefty in here who used to write backwards ( from right to left) in the 1st grade grade?  hahaha man my family thought I was extra stupid.
If the left-handedness had advantages, why didn't we evolve to be mostly left-handed?
Somehow I am right handed but my left leg has always been dominant .
They were cutting the onion wrong......js
I wonder if they licensed all this footage from the Ice Age movies
Left hand gang wya
"Lefties have better..." Me: :D "...coordination, memory, and verbal skills." Me(with ADHD): D:
I ain’t buying that whole chimpanzee split story.
There's no right way to be Human.
Lefty here.  I'm not sure I buy the selection explanation of negative selection (which is usually selection against a temporary or permanent disfavored phenotype, not a situationally advantageous one).  According to the explanation, "leftyness" may have been an advantage, but it loses some advantage if there are more lefties around, so it stayed low in the population?  How does that work in with long-standing tenets such as survival of the fittest and the fit that survive will confer their heredities more frequently?  If any of that logic is to be believed, then the puzzle is missing a big piece as to how lefty might have become a disadvantage to put a brake on population frequency.  The advantage becomes common and thus less potent is not the same thing as a disadvantage.
Dogs also have a preferred side that they like to work with. My dog likes to give her left paw with shake or touch. It was much more difficult to get her to touch with her right paw
Who asked:no one     Who wanted to know:me
After our split from chimps this guy is literally the history channel after 12am
Great hypothesis & Elaboration!
Maybe it is more simple than all that. Maybe it is tied to when primates started to develop large glutes and had to wipe their asses. One group started wiping with their left hands, and it just sort of got taught throughout the years. And now the majority of us are right-handed because the left hand was for wiping bums, while the right hand was for eating.
How do you explain that I ride goofy(left footed on a skateboard) yet write and throw righthanded but I bat left handed and box southpaw?
The things lefties hate. Pencils, notebooks and binders, circular saws, the hose on gas pumps, sitting on the right side of somebody when eating at a table....but we all have a favorite word "ambidextrous" 😀
You did not consider that right-handedness is also a cause to right hand injuries. And as a result, out of necessity, ancestors learned to adapt left hand use, which may have passed on through selection or family learned trait.
70%-95%...that's not a small delta between probability of the population being right handed🤣🤣. Btw I'm a lefty 👋 whose in my tribe.
I like to pull the inigo montoya feint. I begin most bouts right-handed, then switch when I'm tired. My opponent is usually tired by this point as well and crumples quickly. If I think I'm outmatched though, I usually start lefty, as I need that advantage to survive until his coordination disappears.
Left-handed Checker players are unstoppable!
Look at crustaceans there are species wherein one of their claws is bigger than the other.
Los Tigres del Licey
All I can think about is that he called kangaroos mammals when they're marsupials. I mean, great video, really cool stuff, but them kangaroos man.
I write and eat with utensils left handed and throw any ball right handed
As a left-handed teacher, the first thing I observe in a new class I’m teaching is my students’ handedness. I used to teach a class of 30 where there were 5 left-handed students. Normally there won’t be more than 3 left-handed students in a class.
Life for 'lefties' wasn't great for school children in the fifties and before. Our teachers belted us with a leather strap in Scotland, it was known as six of the best and hugely painful. Thankfully the belt was withdrawn in about the 1980s!
Im left handed
Apparently women were rare in olden times. Seriously, PBS. Do better. Your gender representation is severely lacking.
Are there more hand videos? I have very dominant simian lines on both of my hands. I work easily with both hands and with nearly identical be strength in both. I do favor my right more than left. Interesting video.
My theory is that during hunting and fighting a lefty exposes their liver to direct hits from the prey and opponent.  A liver shot is almost instantly debilitating and could take that person and their trait out of the gene pool.
"Right-handed" brains is not a scientifically valid concept. You can't start with "Look at all the right-handed people" and work backwards and declare it caused by something. That's not showing a causal link. You're just making stuff up.
I remember making a conscious decision to be left-handed when I was six years old, after breaking my left wrist. I was told that using my left hand more often would strengthen the area that broke, so from that moment I've been left-handed. And I'm still the only one among many siblings, nieces, nephews, and their kids. And yet, many of my past friends were also left-handed. Maybe because we were all in our right minds? :P
If somebody doesn’t say “oh hey your left-handed, didn’t know that” are you even left-handed ?
All lefties have a killer jumper even if they don’t play basketball. It’s crazy 😭
so what your saying, is that Leftys are built to be warriors. I will make sure to have a full lefty army and RULE THE WORLD.
Human ancestors likely began to evolve into a separate lineage after they began to use tools, like sticks as weapons.  One hand was for eating, the other for using and holding that weapon or tool.
"'Handedness' -- if you can call it that..." You can. People do.
Science tends to over complacate stuff. It may just depende on witch thumb you stuck into your mouth when you were in the womb
Neeandertolls
Are most lefties left eye dominant or no?
My sister is lefthanded, but only because she dislocated her right shoulder when she was 6 months old and couldn't use her right hand for a while
I can use both 🤷🏾‍♂️
During the 40s to the 60s, in the province of Québec, Canada, the christian church dominated every aspect of everyone's life. The church considered that the left hand was demonic so, since teachers were mostly nuns, lefties were forced, by been beaten up, to use their right hand only.
I pitch from the left hand, if I have to fight my left fist is dominant, I write with my right hand, pick up stuff with my right hand and if I have to use tools I can use both of my hands, so wtf am I???
10:00
I write with my left hand (fine motor control) and do everything else right handed, or as I like to think, right armed.
Bring a lefthanded, this is one of the videos am saving for life!
Nice
I always found it strange when you play right handed guitar the left hand is making all of the intricate fingering movements
How did left handed people come to be?  By being in their right mind.
Uh, Neanderthals were homo sapiens.  They were homosapien neanderthalensis.  We (most of us) are homosapien sapien.
Does the dominance of right handedness have anything to do with the relative position of the heart? Like the reason we often hold shields in the left hand for example?
I’m going to challenge myself to start using my left hand the same amount as my right so I can be ambidextrous
Glad im left handed cant say I learned from a Neanderthal 😂😂
One might have looked at right and left foot preference.  Anyone playing football, or American soccer will know intimately about this.  Another passed opportunity was which eye is dominant.  Those shooting or piloting Apache helicopters will know about this.  We also have a preference which side of our mouth or teeth are used.  Perhaps, all these preferences could be related and discussed in a more in death review.
I have learned that male tools often are right-handed, but womens tools can be used by anybody. Also, that the reason that babies are easier to fall asleep when holded with the right arm is because in our nomad times women used their right arm to protect themselves while walking and holding their babies...
This not true. I can tell you the truth though.  Most Humans are right dominated. It goes back to the reason that human bodies are asymmetric. You inherently posses slightly more muscle mass on the right, namely your right Diaphragm. Your stronger right Diaphragm means you're favoring it. The Diaphragms attach to your spine, this will overtime mean your lower spine shifts slightly to the right, which influences the positioning of your pelvis and ribcage, which in turn influences the muscles. Your right side will be more compressed and your musculature more dominant, therefore if you have a dominant hand, it'll most likely happen to be your right. Lefties are simply counterintuitive bec they favor the hand on their less dominant side.  There you go
In the video it is stated that other species don't really have a prefered side. If you look up photos of elephants on google, you will see that most of them have a big and a small tusk. This is because elephants have a prefered side; they use one tusk more than the other to dig
Imagine actually believing you came from monkeys.
Hey PBS EONS, I have a question!  If possible, how can a Large animal, such as a sauropod, survive a volcanic eruption?
Baseball: lots of lefty hitters who throw right handed but few righty hitters who throw left handed.
Me left handed
What happened to Steve?
My son was born ambidextrous - and still is!
I know how I became right handed, My parents would smack me if I use left hand..LOL
I'm right handed with writing and eating etc. But I'm left footed in skateboarding, left handed in using a saw and a bow... I always found it strange
I tried to learn the guitar when I was a kid but I was terrible at keeping in rhythm.  I was too young to realise I should have gotten my own guitar and restrung it rather than struggling with my older sister's.  There are no left handed violins. Left handed rifles are rare.  Try target practice from the prone position with a right handed bolt action.
We can teach Life nothing
I do remember my kindergarten teacher jokingly hit my left-hand with her stick while I'm answering on blackboard, she said, "why are you using your left-hand to answer?  You should be using your right hand" and I immediately switch my hand and I said "right then". Turns out I was ambidextrous at that time, but today I am more of a left-handed person ♡(∩o∩)♡
Why is my doggo left-pawed? She always opens doors with her front-left paw even if it’d be easier to do it with her right-front 🤔 🐶
The argument at 7:45 makes no sense: "If too many people are left handed, the advantage (of surprising enemies in combat) dissapears." The advantage should not dissapear at a meager 5% of all people, but a gradually slowing increase till they make up close to 50% of all people. The fact that didn't happen, should mean there is also an undiscussed evolutionary benefit to being right handed, and I can imagine what that advantage might be: an enhanced ability to make tools, since the neurons required for it form new connections everytime we use tools with our right hand. Has anyone ever researched if left-handers are underrepresented in engineering professions?
I use my right hand to do most things, only ever writing or drawing with my left.
I’ve always found left handed people so fascinating.
Huh
Doesn't eye dominance also affect hand dominance? When I was in Boy Scouts and we were shooting, all of the lefties I met, 6 or 7, were left eye dominant. Few right handed people, like me, were left eye dominant though, like 5 or 6 of a much bigger pool of "righties." Left eye dominance is still more rare than right eye from a quick search, around 30% of people having a dominant left eye.
It is not True that no animals have preference... Do your research because CSIRO have come out with a report that a majority of Kangaroos in Australia are in fact left handed.
We didn't split from chips.  We share a common ancestor
Lobsters!!!
Love being a Lefthand  Left Leg is longer as well.
Excellent, I now know which part of my brain is responsible for occasionally hammering my thumb... awesome
When right handed people play guitar, they’re doing most of the intricate movement with their left hands.
I only have 2 star weak foot
Horses usually tend to be "left handed" and prefer that side to the other
“70-90% to be exact” lmao
Left handers unite!!!! ✊🏽 Wait that’s actually a right hand but work with me 😂
Stop saying it’s a “preference.” It’s obviously not! Don’t you want to sound credible?
I have a parrot and believe it or not but he's left handed And never hold anything with his right hand.
I write, draw, use a mouse and fire a rifle with my right hand, but do everything else left handed. To be fair I never even knew left handed was an option for mice and bolt-action rifles until fairly recently. But otherwise... Would that make me technically right handed or left? 🤔
I was apparently born left-handed, but my parents kept pushing the pen into my right hand.  Honestly, there's still a lot of things that I do left-handed.
I’m left handed as is my father and deceased brother. My sister is a righty.
Has the scientists ever thought that it’s just the way the brain is. Not everything is genetic.
I was born a leftie but my mother made me write with my right hand so now I'm effectively ambidextrous.
History of bees!
My mom and sister are lefties. I was born left-handed, but a superstitious kindergarten teacher made all of us southpaws sit on our left hand while writing or drawing. So I eat, clean, and do basic things left-handed, but I can write only right-handed. Never could get my left hand to work as well.
My biologist friend once told my it's more complicated than "left hemisphere controls right parts of the body".
"There's no right way to be human." LOVE THIS QUOTE!! 😍❤️💕
It seems all lefthanded people in the world is on this comment section
I'm in confusion! I've been using my left hand to eat and write all my life, but I can't use it for heavy hard work related stuff like sports.
No doubt righthandedness is a very old trait, it dates back to the split with the primates. Oddly with identical twins are mirrored in this sense, on left, one right. This lead to the theory that left handed individuals are the surviving half of identical twins. Interesting, I don't know.
*Ambidextrous people rule!*
After shoulder surgery I became way more comfortable using my left hand. I'm really close to ambidextrous now. I can even throw a ball left handed now thanks to a persistent pooch lol.
ever notice how you can tell the utter class, the sheer quality, the inherent greatness of a person simply by observing with which hand he writes? it's unerringly accurate.
Bruh the amount of "hand-preferencism" in the comments......
do cultures that have right to left writting systems have more southpaws?  so cool by the way,
"If too many people are left handed, the advantage disappears" (min 7:40). That's what should happen to any advantageous evolutionary trait actually. I think the fact that us lefties are still a minority proves that being left-handed does not increase survival by itself, although it's cool.
All polar bears are left handed. Ironically, they’re called “southpaws” despite living in in the far north.
I use my left hand to scroll social media 📱
Left-handed people are literally sinister.  Right-handed people are literally dextrous.
Neanderthal's are not Human.
👍🏻
Lefties have rights too! ✊😠
Did you know... in the ancient world, the Bronze Age Warriors developed specific units of left handed phalanx and infantry as their elite infantry to go in and decimate right hande phalanx
Having an advantage feels so good...
Came here to learn about handedness, but now keep thinking about Neanderthal's hairdo!
I'm both.   What does that mean?
Title: How humans bacame right handed Answer: We dont know(every clickbait video ever).
my man start wearing jackets because of that one video where people can't stop noticing his muscles.
Strange but I've noticed everyone I've dated have all been left handed (all 8) except my current partner.  I've wondered if there's some shared trait that left-handedness creates that I was attracted too
Why are the drawings highlighting slaughter? Morons?
So pretty much told you everything except How humans became right handed?
I'm surprised the most simple and obvious answer is not mentioned. People are trained from birth to use their right hand because that's how their parents were trained. Sometimes people learn more with their left hand by chance or because they were forced to because of an injury to their left arm or hand. The latter case is much more likely and would explain the greater "lateralization" if the brain's of those people. They learned with their right first, then were forced to learn with their left. This is an obvious case of a positive feedback loop in my opinion. As culture spreads and people are born into those groups and cultures, more people are right handed and thus teach more people to be right handed.
#lefty
i'm left handed for fine complicated tasks, and right handed for heavy tasks.
I played piano as a kid. You can literally hear the composer's handedness in piano music: often the left hand (controlling the lower notes) is moving around less and playing simpler patterns.
The tooth scratches are as much or even more likely to have come from cutting off small chunks of food from a larger source.  This technique has the food (meat, cattail rhizomes, etc) held between the teeth & one hand, while the other uses a stone or bone knife to cut across the food (or to scrape the starches out of the fibers & into the mouth).  Our ancestors scraped hides every so many days, yes, but all humans need to eat every single day.
*laughs in ambidextrous*
Me, my wife and both kids are all lefties....
Maybe it's just happened? I mean at some point handines appears, let's say it's 50/50. I don't know about genetics ans stuff, but statistically if for any reason the numbers became  49/51 and through many many years it just became 80/20 or whatever numbers we observe now.
ambidextrous - a dream of every professional drummer, the possibilities of a talent are undeepleted
For Boxers and MMA fighters, the position of the liver plays a huge role, as the un-protected by the ribcage part (there is a small part that extends under the ribcage) is on the right. Thus, a left handed fighter is facing the right, unprotected part. A punch there is worse than a punch is instant KO (it's worse than a kick to the balls).
Split from chimpanzees? You're joking. People are still selling this  nonsense?
I didnt get the t-rex joke, im slow :/
I’m sick he speaking as if us lefty’s are extinct 😭
What about mixed-handed ppl?  And should probably mention the comorbidities of handedness
*How does a Caveman find a rock harder than teeth.*
As a person who is left handed we do things better with our off hand than right handed people.
There is hope for a cure for right-handedness.
My husband is right handed, I am left handed, and our 3 kids are all left handed.
the right way to be human is to change those school armchair its like in hell using those I can't write comfortably
you dont have money but your a leftie  and you became a mma fight
i remember one castle in europe use left stair i think to make it their advantage from attacker to the castle
I was left handed,  then I broke my hand in car accident and had to learn to use right. But I still punch harder with my left
I cant help but wonder now then, if the scrapes found on teeth are so widespread then does Otzi the iceman also have scraps on his teeth? Or did nobody think to check yet?
How is it known that the marks on the teeth of the fossils is due to the stone tool use and not because of biting into things like bones or tearing things with teeth? Also why do they have to hold the leather in the teeth? Why not someone else helps with holding it?
Proud south paw here! Love our nicknames 🐾
A episode about the candidates of humans-chimps common ancestor would be great
Actually he contradicts himself.  If humans are the only species that is dominant in the right hand, them how can we be traced back to other primates.   It's obviously from his first statements that we are genetically different without a pattern but then he says we  that primitive species were this or that.....no the first findings were correct...we humans are anomaly in this world.
this comment section would have you believe that 80% of humans are left handed lol
Lefty in the house! We the best!
Me -_- that can right and draw in my both arms
🧬🧬🧬🧬🧬🧬  😃👉BA44👈🤪  🧬🧬🧬🧬🧬🧬
I I was involved in some research years ago while at University that studied the effect on performing a unique task with the dominant hand if you were only allowed to train with the non dominant hand.  The test was quite simple involving moving a stylus as rapidly and accurately as possible between two contact points.  The re were three groups; a control group who were tested at the beginning of the trial and then again at the end with no training; a group who were tested with their dominant hand and then trained with their dominant hand before being tested again and finally the group who were tested with their dominant hand then trained with their non dominant hand before being tested with their dominant hand.  There was some minor improvement with the first group due to task familiarity and a major improvement with the second group but the most interesting thing  was that the third group also improved significantly..
This video almost started immmedialty ha...nice...i use both hands for writing throw ball feed my pets..eat, carry things...etc
7:41 - "If too many people are left handed, the advantage disappears." - I'm sorry, that makes no sense from an evolutionary perspective. If being left handed is an evolutionary advantage, then individuals who are left-handed should pass on their genes more frequently, which would quickly make left-handedness as common as right handedness, trending toward a stable equilibrium of 50-50.
Use adblock
Cheers to all left handed buddies. 👍🏼
No
Im right handed, but my left arm has almost jedi like intuition when it comes to throwing balls and other luck favored tasks.
I've  observed that in some early childhood institutions they force left hand kids to use their right hand,eventually the kids will become right handed.
I'm mostly right handed but my left is used quite a bit and is strong enough so I'm now ambidextrous this came from me playing basketball
You’re rocking that Indiana Jones style coat/ jacket! 😁
Out of interest,  you might find it interesting that house cats and some other "small" cats have been observed to consistently prefer one paw or the other for more complex tasks.  In the case of housecats is oddly enough the dominant "paw" appears to be roughly split down gender lines, though not entirely.   It's been observed by breeders, but actually only fairly recently been documented and studied officially.   There is also some indication of it in canids.    While some critics point out that it could be a learned behavior from association with us,   it's just as unlikely as handedness being a learned behavior in humans.   As research into animal intelligence  progresses, some things like  "Handedness" may not to turn out to be quite so unique to us, as we previously thought.    It's just not something commonly recorded, but it doesn't mean it isn't there.
Proud lefty.
I wanna know how many of the great hand-to-hand combat warriors from history were left handed and if that played into how they fared in battle. Super curious now.
Ma...ma...mama always said left handed people come from the Devil. :)
If you have a group that needs to defend itself, having left handed people could be an advantage. I did some classical historical reenactments in college, we were trying to study different arrangements and movements' effectiveness,  and having a few lefties with shields to cover your open side or make up the gaps in your shield wall definitely seemed like an advantage.
All I learn from PBS Eons is- "We don't know"
People is mostly light handed so shut up
Shut up 🤮
When I was in school so long ago, all desks were right handed, all computers were right handed, so do doors... etc...
I hate when I write in pencil my left hand is covered in lead by the end of the page.
I'm a left handed, red haired, blue eyed human unicorn
4/5 of my siblings are left handed. I’m the only right handed one.
What about ambidextrous
OK, right handedness is predominant because of genetics but what was the initial survival advantage that favored right over left ?
What about societies that for centuries made left handed people switch.
I believe the correct term for “Handedness” is Chiral Dominance
The way he says Neanderthal is really bothersome.
Being ambidextrous has made my life 100% better
Hated when my parents forced me to be right handed! >_<
I just assumed the first person to use tools successful used their right hand and as they taught others the techniques, with their right hand.
I´m mostly right handed too only sometimes if i want to experience something new i  use my left hand ;)
Poland pre world war one.....great grandma was left handed child......not desirable at the place and time.....the left hand was tied behind her back till she became right handed.
here's a fun fact: most horses prefer a leg over another, my horse prefers to gallop on her left leg.
I wonder if this has something to do with handshaking?
When a fighter is Left Handed it's called "southpaw", surprised you didn't mention that
0:30 Is he implying for some reason that Neanderthals weren't homo sapiens?
My brother doesn't have hand preference. Imagine taking notes using one hand and switching to another when that hand tires!
Anche uomini primitivi sono capaci di costruire uno scudo per difendersi e un oggetto acuminato per ferire. A questo punto conviene tenere lo scudo con la sinistra (per proteggere il cuore) e la lancia con la destra per colpire. Tutto il resto viene di conseguenza....
The fact that we can basically rebuild the whole history of humankind based on teeth makes me smile.
today I were tearing the bag of a snack muffing with the mouth while holding a cup of coffee with the right hand. Future scientist will though we were lefties.  I came back to this video just to say that.
This reeks of psuedo-science
My oldest son writes with his right hand but does most of everything else with his left. He's a left handed shooter in basketball.
I submit that another reason for the prevalence of right-handedness is the feedback loop: The world is full of right-handers. Thus, much of society is geared towards right-handedness. At some point, design decisions are made to make things safer, but if there is a parity involved in that decision, it will favor right-handed people. Consider scissors. Unless you buy special ones, they will be right-handed. This means that a left-handed person will be less dextrous (pun intended) when using them, and thus more prone to injury. It is a small and subtle example, but can add up over a whole society and population. I seem to recall hearing a statistic that left-handed people had a shorter reported lifespan. This is consistent with my hypothesis (though not evidentiary)
I'm left handed and my dog is left pawed. Coincidence? I think not.
Riiight 😏
/any video about handedness appears/ \99% are leftys commenting/interacting with the video\ Another lefty here. :) We’re curious why we’re leftys and no matter how many mediums I consume I hunger for more information on this!
😶
No right way to be human!? Left handed people like other folks to poop in their open mouth’s.
I’m left handed but not a south paw I think I border  ambidextrous though
I'm right handed but I use my fork whilst eating in my right hand.  Also people from certain religions were told to use your left hand was of the devil also certain cultures use left hand for toiletries and right hand to eat so worldwide these days predominantly right handed and taught to be that way.  Prehistory I would say it's the side of your brain in use that determines which hand you use.
Hey kids...Uncle Joe wants You!! ...he's got hairy legs!! What a pig!!
One of my cousins was left handed as a child but for some reason she "trained" herself to use her right hand. She ended up ambidextrous. She is the smartest person I've known so far and I actually believe it's because she trained herself to use her right hand too. She just seems to be able to take in so much more information so much easier. She got her master's degree by studying for literally 2 days. That's just incredible if you ask me.
When i was in primary school there is not any left handed people. And then i go to medicine faculty, there is a lot of people were using their left hand. Left Handed peaple has largely successfull than right handed people i think.
What about crabs?
Anyone else here ambidextrous?
he hid his massive beautiful biceps this round. we will see them again.
This kinda makes me wonder why Arabic is written from left to right. Wouldn't right handed writers smear the ink as they write with a right hand in Arabic?
**Correlation is not causality.**  The fact that a particular part of the brain is active during a particular activity (whittling,...) does not necessarily mean that it is involved in that activity, in making that activity happen.  We don't know enough about the brain to make that kind of assertion.  "The evidence **suggests** the involvement of this part of the brain in this activity" might be better language.  "The right side of the brain controls the left side of the body" is similarly problematic; we don't actually know that; "seems to control" might be better.  We are afflicted with distorted, rather fanciful stories about the brain being "in control" of things; this causes problems.  Also -- **EONS videos are absolutely awesome!!! Thank you so much for making them!! I watch them all the time and love them **  :-) :-)
My and my dog is left handed
Dodge
Very poor conclusion theory
This video finished with a phrase so beautiful and gentle. I
You have two hands, use both.
This is such a cool video
I strated out with both hands as a kid but gradually shifted to the right because it was easier to use tools I was working with. Most things are created with the use of the right hand in mind for sure. I still used both hands simultaneously though, so I can write, cut, ect with my left hand just fine. I always feared breaking my arm so I intentionally  and naturally used my left hand to make sure the right wouldn't dominate.
In college, and for eight years after, I was a competitive fencer.  My coach told me that among highly ranked foil fencers, almost half were left handed.  In fencing,  the weapon is used entirely by the dominant hand, while the other hand is used only for balance.  Other martial arts are not as affected by prefered use of the dominant hand.
ambidextrous....
It allows sides of our brains to specialize.
This is so weird. Does an IPad record my voice and let YouTube know what I’ve been talking about all day? LMAO.  I’ve never been recommended this channel or this subject but I was in court today testifying about how I use a knife with my right hand as a tool but I use my left hand with a knife if I need to defend myself.
What about the fact that because right-handedness dominates our culture, many left-handed born people are forced into right-handedness and it just becomes their way of life that way? Many items and devices in the human world are made for right handedness. And kids who start learning a musical instrument like a violin, cello, or guitar, have to learn it the same way as the right-handed people. Even if a violinist was able to learn it left-handedly, they could never perform in an orchestra because everyone has to conform visually. But the fingerings and everything would be different and well it wouldn't really make sense the way violin music is written.. My point is, many people are forced to be right handed lol.
You probably came from neanderthal, I fell from the sky on to the earth I'm left handed
Lefties are the only people in their right minds.   :D
what about the centuries of religious discrimination against lefthandedness and forcing children to use their right?  even into the 1960s, latin for left...sinistra(sinister) right(dextra). To not even mention social impact seems lackadaisical.
Allegedly.
Can a person train themselves to be left-handed?
So, the caveman kept hitting himself in the teeth with a rock? Over and over? And a lot of them did it? I think the scratches are from something else.
My left hand is totally useless. I can't even use the fork well with my left hand, I often have to drop the knife and pick up the fork with my right hand to eat. Can't hold a heavy pot with my left hand either. I hate my left hand.
the worst are the scissors that are designed to be so painful to use if you arent right handed 😭
Scraping skin lol yeah right more like cutting meat you bite into.
Narrator: "including me"  Subtitles: "including this dude here"
some caveguy ages ago: ow i hit myself in the face modern scientists: interesting
Why am I predominantly right handed with precise (although I lack coordination) grip, but left handed when playing two handed sports, e.g holding a club or raquet?
this took way to long to get to
A was a left handed then a went to school and they focered me to use me right hand haha 😂
😊😊😊😊
Left-handed Neanderthals knew to scrape the hide away from their faces.
1:50 the fact that the carrot wasn't cleaned annoyed me
Go to Melbourne Australia,  there seems to be more left handers there. The other weird thing , in the 9 months I spent there I never saw one person smile, I only noticed it when I landed in another airport and saw my first human smile within about 2 minutes of arrival.
I am aware of another species with a right-handed favoritism...parrots.  The theory is the speech center of the brain is in the left hemisphere.  As language evolved more resources were dedicated to the left hemisphere resulting in a bias toward the right hand (which includes right foot.)  The theory of left-handers having an advantage in males (combat) makes sense as well.  It reminds me of the Evolutionary Stable Strategy.  The left-handedness only remains an advantage (combat)  if it is a minority strategy.
I used to get told off in school for eating left handed.. i write right handed, still eating left.... i win
Maybe it has to do with physiology. Our heart is on our "left" side. I find lying on my heart side uncomfortable. Throwing a spear causes a sharp jerk to the spear-throwing side. Maybe there is a slight evolutionary advantage, spread over millions of years to "right handedness,"
What about being ambidextrous?
scissors are the most evil thing humans created, its torturing us.
I’m pretty sure my dog is left handed. As a puppy he would sit and paw the air for attention noticeably more often with his left. He also begins to walk stepping forward first with his left paw.
Can anyone explain me a joke? tnx
I always had a theory I'm supposed to be a lefty!! My parents were told left handed ness is a sign of the devil in me so I was retrained to eat with my right as a toddler. Someone's comment said premature babies are more likely to be lefty and it's true, they're 5x more likely and I was a month premature. Now as an adult I still count money like a lefty and wear pocket books on my left side. I can eat with both hands but I box and write with my right hand. Just thought it was cool that I'm a mix of both now
My brother is left handed but he only writes left handed. He plays sports like a right-hander. It's baffling. IDK how he does it.
I wish I was left handed in basketball that’s a cheat code you can’t be guarded
I kick with left foot ,i write with both hands.
The right term is "chirality"
i do everything with my left hand EXCEPT write/draw. i'm left footed too. never met another like me.
I am a leftie myself, so obviously enjoying the "lefties unite" moment in the comment section.😄However, just because you are the majority doesn't mean you can't be appreciated. After all we, as a species are still the only ones with a dominant hand.  So I see you Righties and you are damn cool,with your own evolutionary advantage 👌🏽👌🏽
Are you gonna do a video about the nose? and why its not the same as the chimp nose :)
Is it just me or was the script seriously repetitive in this one? It was super interesting but he talked about the same point 2 or 3 times each
Left hands are superior
Neanderthal has an 'h' in it.
Interesting explanations but I feel like this might be over thinkng the problem. Keep in mind many cultures stigmatize southpaws (after all people wipe themselves with that hand) and even ways in which we teach people how to use objects have strong right handed biases. My left handed mom was "corrected" by her teacher when learning how to write. So toss in a stigma that just happened to arise, the fact that things that have grips that are shaped for the right hand, and the fact that right handed parents and teachers might not have the patience (and may strongly believe in anti-lefthanded bias) in for adjusting their grips and lefties and ambidextrous people just learn to self suppress this trait. People can learn and strengthen their non dominant hand. Rafael Nadal writes with his right hand and is a natural righty, but outright learned how to play tennis on his left side. We also see this a lot with baseball players many of whom can learn to be switch hitters or will throw with their right hands but bat with their left.
Hey Eons, love the show, but just one thing; we've had a lot of episodes about cave-people so far, and I think more than three-quarters of all the images of them are men; without counting, I'd guess it's like 90%. I find this pretty jarring and I think having balanced female representation in these images could be beneficial in terms of how this content effects our thinking. It's strange to have this kind of mental image of ancestral humans being all men, or only men doing the important things with the women being locked up in a cave somewhere or something...
Want to know the real reason most people are right handed? Because right handed people beat their children until they became relight handed.
I know for a fact that orangutans display handedness, idk why other non-human great apes wouldn't. Can someone validate this?  And btw the hominins did not split from "chimpanzees", but from an extinct common ancestor with chimps.
Still not clear on why right handed is preferred, what difference could have right as a selected advantage?  Is it a random genetic thing?  Left brain bigger for movement would just beg the question why is it bigger.
Left handed people are just a glitch in the matrix.
I started as a lefty then my mom ‘corrected me’ and got me to start writing with my right. Now I think I’m ambidextrous. Still can’t write with my left hand well, but I’m still comfy with my left hand.
Hand-gela mighta had something to do with it.... ;)
Wish the social aspect of how we fostered right handedness in our cultures was at least mentioned as having some effect on the high count of right handed people as well as keeping left handed people from being more prominent.
Remember using a notebook and having the spiral dig into my hand not fun
Sport of hockey has an extremely high percentage of left handed players... on some teams it will be over 50%.
I fail to understand how anyone who has ever had to use their hands to do anything, or manipulated simple objects could look at 4:19 and think it makes sense in any way. Those scratches are from something else, only an academic could be so detached from the realities of actually doing work.
What about eye dominance? Usually eye dominance correlates to hand dominance but not allways. Eye dominance is very important in shooting sports, wether it be stone, spear, bow or firearm (before modern sights).
the same teeth marks are described as from teeth cleanings nnot using them as tools, we do not know why they are there, you did not explain the how.
Thank you !
This kind of explains  why Bruce Lee stood Southpaw ( Right  hand forward ) although being right handed. Years of evolution and coordination have distinct advantages in combat. 👊
My twins are identical, and seem to be great with both, but are opposites in handedness. They seem to be a mirror image of one another. One is predominantly right handed and her sister mostly left. Twins can show us a lot. Great video.
I love confusing people because I’m a leftie who plays sports right handed but isn’t ambidextrous.
I wish I couldrelate to properly using one hand! I had a stroke when I was a small child and my dominant hand used to be left. Now it is right and I cannot use my left as well.
There's absolutely nothing in this video which answers the question "HOW did humans become (mostly) right-handed?" Only vague speculations are made.
This guy looks like an older version of Lip Gallagher from Shameless.
I can't help wondering what the (I hope now-historical) stigmatisation of left-handedness ("gauche", "sinister", etc.) tells us about our right-handed tendency. Maybe it just reminds us that humans are intolerant...
And if you’re ambidextrous?
This is what a thoroughly researched content that's also well-presented looks like.
NOT ONLY THAT BUT HUMANS HAVE A SOUL ! ! ! TO THE ALMIGHTY !
So jerkin it, wasn't the answer?
Trying calligraphy was so hard as a lefty since you have to hold it at a certain angle. Scissors sucked too.
In school and colleges we have benches instead of individual chairs, a right handed person sitting on my left and we both trying to write meant disaster.
I am a lefty and now I feel like I defied evolution lol
I'm a left-handed caveman. I hold the skin in my teeth and pull the skin tight with my RIGHT hand, my strong arm.
My grandfather was left handed but the nuns beat his hand when used it - because you know, the left hand is the sign of the devil.
I'm right handed, I think, because I write and that's my dominant hand, except when playing a guitar, shooting a bow and eating my lunch, though I wouldn't class myself as ambidextrous. It's wierd that way.
Also many left handers were "reeducated" to be a right hander over the last centuries.
It's said that we are right-handers in order to protect accurately our heart which is located in the left side of our chest.
Me watching in left handed 😂
Lefty here feeling "mutant and proud" lol
Generic drift, which is a stochastic factor, must also be considered. Not all traits are consistently selected upon. Left handedness can be a result from this drift, there don't have to be advantages for a small fraction of the population to possess it. But very interesting still!
I feel like this guy and indie are long lost brothers
Great video.  Love how they showed a left handed pitcher and talked about interactive sports.
How do you explain why twins are born with a higher incidence whereas one twin will be born left-handed and the other twin will be right-handed then the general population???
Just learnt today that all parrots are left footed ;))
Because left hands are of Satan duh
Me being a lefty watching how I freed myself from the norm haha
It's amazing,....
Where’s my lefties at
I am joining the x-men
I dont know about the how far left handedness gets passed down to young generations ... in my family, both father’s and mother’s side im the only left hander.... as far as they know their grandparents and their family didnt had any  left hand users too ... i wonder who in my family used to be a left hander. After watching this video , i have got a feeling that i should be  going to gym .. XD . Strengthening my right arm and body ..
Left-handed mice are useless
How do you get to Carnegie Hall? By muscle memory (practice)
7:40 an adaptation not spreading in a population because it would lose its advantage. That doesn't make any sense
Dogs prefer to give their right paw, and a veterinarian will tell you that cats are right or left dominate, but the point of this video is to remind you that you are an animal and that evolution is why you do what you do.
i was left handed then my parents made me a right handed, now  am ambidexterous
I was thinking took.use. way in the beginning but for dif reason. We just got trained to use it the same way and it just happened to be the right when it started.   And then passed it on culturally
Have any of the scientist studied the connection of right-handedness to right eye dominance?  And vice versa?  Seems to me the connection in the brain would be helpful for hand-eye coordination.
The part where you say fighters expect attacks from right hands is so terribly wrong. Any competent fighter can deliver devastating blows from any hand.
OK OK ... here I am watching it now. Stop recommending it to me now Youtube.
Big contributor is nurture
Im not sold on the left handedness superiority being genetic. I feel like constant exposure to a right handed world as a lefty forces one to be ambidextrous, and in the case of ufc fighters, lefties knew how righties would strike, more than the opposite, due to the greater exposure to right handed fighters. I think this comes as a result of exposure, if you raised a leftie in a simulated left dominant world the opposite would be observed
Damn where can I get this fit you’re rocking good sir
I'm ambidextrous, I always thought that I was left handed because I'm an artist and I draw, paint and write with my left. Everything else I'm right dominant
Fun fact: The left handed human population is 100% left handed
How about bi
I bat lefty but gold righty.  When I look in front of me I'm lefty, like snowboarding or skateboarding or billiards.  When I look down... like golf, or write, or throw, I'm righty.  Weird.  Is that common?
I am a lefty
Horses are “handed”, going more easily one direction than the other. We spend a lot of time training them to be ambidextrous.
i am, and still, the only one who is left-handed in my whole family. when i was a kid, i was internally struggling by myself for no reason bcuz i was so sure that I'm adopted 😂 i also felt weird being the only lefty in my class so i kinda forced myself to write with my right hand which now makes me somehow ambidextrous. but when i started going to high school, apparently being a left-handed person is cool (?) 😂 cuz we're considered "special and rare" hahah. to think back, i don't know why i hated being a lefty so much 😂😂
What proof do we have that we came from chimps ?
I throw a baseball with my right hand and write with my left hand.
Lobsters. Right handed.
The Leftening is upon us and nothing will be left right.
The handedness of bipedal creatures makes a lot of sense when you consider a primate climbing a tree or otherwise using their hands to walk/move. A kangaroo has handedness because that is the default state, it seems.
I’ve got 3 ears.  Left,right and a wild front ear
By stupidity
“You hold your shield on the HEART SIDE !  & fight with the OTHER ! “ Lefty never made it out of the colosseum
Remember being a left hand you can finish a test faster then someone who      Sleep in class
they were all homicided
Lefties in the house!!!!
7yo Left handed me: arguing with my brother on why he is holding the spoon with his right hand and fork with his left hand
How do lefties even open fridges
To sum up 10 minutes: tools
I shoot rifles and pool left handed but am otherwise right handed.
I'm ambidextrous,  why no mention?
I write left handed, throw right hand, play pool left handed, play golf and tennis right handed, and don’t have a preferred hand when punching they’re both the same.
As a leftie, scissors are my worst enemies. I would always get mad that whenever I would use a scissor it doesn't cut as well as when other people use it. It turns out there is a specific side
What was the last common ancestor we shared with chimpanzees
I don't get the T rex joke.
I’m left handed lol
Both of my parents are left handed but all three of their children are right handed. I haven't seen any statistics on it but as of now I have a a feeling that hand dominance isn't genetic
Pretty crazy that my grandmother my mum and myself are all left handed, but no one else in my family.
Right handed, semi ambidextrous all my life until 21 when I injured my right shoulder and never got proper treatment. I’m almost fully left handed now (I just can’t write with it) and this video was awesome.  I wonder what specific activity led to the preference of early humans to prefer the right.  It had to be something so specific we may never fully know.
Since there's a crossover from preferred body side to active brain side, it can be said that only left-handed people are in their right mind... :-)
Give me the tldw
Horses have dominant sides. It is common knowledge. Seems to me that a lot of this is theory being presented as fact🙄
Hahahahhaa i know how I became left handed... Internet P**n. Right hand mouse left hand hammer.
I wonder if there any left handed people in the comme-
Lefty here, strongly left handed, but I’m in my right mind! Lol
An editorial quibble: We did not split from chimps (chimps have evolved too), rather we and chimps have split from a common ancestor...
Lefty and it’s obvious
What about people that use mostly the right hand but prefer the left hand for some activities? Am I just weird? I'm better with left hand at a few stuff.
This is a terrible hypothesis and he must know it. Imagine if you scraped your tooth one time with a tool. Would you keep making the same mistake? Would a monkey? No. This is either blind arrogance or willful malice.
i thought it was because the blood from our heart is pumped though our right side 1st then the left side. so our right side is generally stronger.
All this but please tell me how the h is silent in neaderthals? Not neadertols
Got to go to one of those nifty Christian Schools as a little kid, one of those old school gotta use your right hand kind of schools. I used my left hand more till they trained me. However, I still wrestling like a lefty.
So the thought is that left handedness is under negative frequency dependent selection
Ok but in the sport of hockey there’s as many left handed people as right handed. People who are right handed become left handed in hockey. How crazy is that?!?!
We are left or right legged too. But we don’t tool use with our feet. It probably does not have much to do with tool use.
I always wondered how lefties write left handed. It would feel so weird to *push* the pencil/pen along the paper instead of sort of dragging it like you do as a rightie. I feel like that would make me want to grind my teeth.
bruh why was the intro so loud
Yeah well some of you over evolved sinister handed people die using our tools every year so take that. /s
Here a question, which hand do you use your phone with? Left hand master race
we all know the reason for handedness  =  at critical moment, you can say "I know something you don't know.  I am not left-handed, either."
Interesting but we did not "split from chimpanzees". We split from an ancestor to them and other apes. He should know better.
Nah, left handers are freaks and should be banned from sports. They are probably kangaroos in disguise.
I'm abidextrouis and have been from birth I allso do not have a dominant hand both hands can do the same things equally
The deafening coffee spectacularly man because asterisk synthetically enter along a amazing gateway. stimulating, damp wren
Psh noobs, they should have unlocked the steel perk and used metal tools instead of stone.
Means nothing when you have four feet and no hands !!!
I found out about body adaptation during a life in a video about a dig that found the body of an early Olympian, shown on some unbroken vases. He had legs bones 50% larger than normal, an enormously over grown and developed right arm socket with longer right arm bones and a mostly fused spine due to lost intervertebral discs causing vertebrae to join together. These abnormalities were due to his (short, mid to early 40's) life long pursuit of 3 sports, marathon running, discus throwing and chariot racing. The larger leg muscles required for marathon running required larger bones, the overdeveloped right arm and socket to support the wear and tear of discus thrown and the fused spine from the damage due to the vibration of chariot racing.
How come the male nudity is carefully hidden in the artists' depictions but the female nudity is in full view?
Because the left-handed are inferior
Fun fact: Parrots that use their foot as a hand tend to have a foot preference for use.
One thing there isn’t a left handed advantage though; is lacrosse, as righties don’t expect island aren’t used to passes from left handed players.
I suppose the W being silent and invisible is the reason T keeps crashing into it.
I'm just making a random comment
Also, fussy babies tend to calm better when held on the left. All 7 of my nephews and nieces have preferred me holding them with my left arm (it was a theory I read about 15 years ago, so it seemed liked a cool and harmless experiment to do as I never let them be fussy for very long and ensured they didn’t need changing/feeding etc, and if they didn’t settle in my right arm I’d switch arms) and even their parents got involved when I explained and they all noticed an improvement in every baby. It worked on all of them up until they could steadily walk on their own, and a few of them still prefer left sided cuddles to right sided cuddles even though they are all 7+ now. The original theory I read said something like the babies calm easier with a stronger heartbeat sound, and that right handedness may have occurred as a direct result of babies being held in the left arm while other tasks were being done, while other species’ babies tend to either walk very quickly, or have a very strong grip reflex to hold on to their parents without hindering the parents hand usage
Are we really the most strongly handed species? What about crustaceans that have different sized front "hands?" Certainly they must use them differently by necessity
My understanding is that we are taught from early childhood to use the right hand. That it's not natural.
Am I the only one who thinks that “70-95%, to be exact” isn’t exactly . . . exact?
Leftie here, I can confirm that I’m dumb.
There’s no society that’s only left handed because we’d be too powerful 😂
Or more like catholics demonized left handed people and forced people to go left. (Hundreds and hundreds of years)
It hurts me emotionally to see people cutting food like at 1:46
1:03 is that you @Andrewdotson ?
(at the end) There is no right way to be human. There are still some questions left.
*me being left handed and watching this* 👁👄👁
I've always wondered about your handness translating across the rest of your body. I've always heard that most people who are right handed will also prefer their right foot, eye, and ear (and vice versa for left handed people), but I'm not like that at all......I'm completely right handed (and not ambidextrous at all) but I kick left footed, favor my left foot to push off when running, favor my right foot to push off to jump, favor my right eye (like for looking through a telescope) and favor my left ear for like talking on the phone. I guess it's called cross dominance except in my case it's everything except handness.
We haven't reached it yet but it is the principles of magnetism and the rotation of the earth that creates the evolution of bi-pedal and bilateral ambulatory preferences.
Weirdly I eat with a fork or spoon (and write) with my left, I pick up a glass and drink with my right, if I eat nuts or crisps, it's with my right. In football I shoot with more power with my right foot but more accurate with the left, in American football I can throw just as well with both hands and basketball I grew up shooting with my right, then I had a small injury which forced me to use the left, it turned out to be my more accurate arm somehow. I throw a baseball with the right but bat left handed.  What am I?
Someone needs to figure out if those kangaroos are right footed
...confuse red flag confuse *
Pbs tried to kill homer
letf-handed boxers/kickboxers are so unpleasant to fight with, argh!
70 to 95% ?
I am the only left handed person in my whole family. And always been the only one in any of the classes i have been in. I eat and do so many things with my right hand but since my childhood i have never been able to write in my right hand. I cannot even write my name with it. I write and drive using my left hand. But lover to punch someone in the face using my right hand🤣🤣🤣
Leftys  are in their right frame of mind.
I always found it interesting that, while I am right-handed, when it comes to using only one hand while riding a bicycle, I feel more comfortable using the left hand. And that's since I was a child, so it's not connected with the gear shift being on the right-hand side in cars and holding the wheel with the left.
Try firing an m16 as a lefty. Ow.ow.ow.ow.ow.ow.
Men are more likely than women to be lefties
So many rubes in here.
I often think that I'm bad with tools and fine motoric skills because I don't strongly prefer one hand over the other. If I could just make up my mind, one of the hands would get way more training and I would be able to compete with others that strongly prefer one hand.
I am a left handed Tai Chi practitioner and while learning our schools unarmed Tai Chi routine it didn't really bother me that we always made a fist with our right hand since Tai Chi otherwise uses the whole body. But once we started to learn an armed routine with a sword I had to use it right handed and it just felt incredibly heavy and it was hard for me to do precise moves. It took me some time to adjust to that and develop more strenght and precision in my right arm. Now it is ok since the positive thing about it is that despite the sword arm we still mostly use the whole body just like before. I just had to adjust to it. I still would like to also learn the routine mirrored as well once I can do the whole routine.
The youtube algorithm showed me a post from 4 days ago, telling me to watch this video I seen 3 days ago lmao
Lefties lead the way hoah
The right arm shares a lymphatic duct just with the head, the other duct has everything else including the left arm.  Not sure how interesting that is in this context but I find it weird - seems like the right arm is being lymphatically protected. Also if early tools / weapons were in any way consistently favouring the right hand, that could be a factor penalising lefties. Right now I have two broken arms so would be happy to be right or left handed.
Have you noticed the high number of left handed actors?
So this is why I knock people out for fun
What about Africans with no trace of neanderthal DNA?????
8:26 Blake back at it again with the paleo puns... Nice 😏😂
Most of the comments are about left handed lol.
I'm a lefty
im not right handed so what are you gonna do about it. hardwire my body??
A lot of people at a young age who are naturally left handed are taught to become right handed cause of superstitions
As a leftie, yet largely ambidextrous, and someone who has done martial arts for over a decade, I can attest to the advantageous nature of being able to switch dominant sides during sparring. I also tend to do quite well with memorizing and remembering things; sadly, it seems to the least important and mainly mundane pieces of information.  For whatever reason, three of the five people in my immediate family are left handed.
Loving this video!! The snap photo sounds during the images was really distracting for me though and I didn’t like it.
70 to 90 % percentage to be exact
I'm ambidextrous
It's amazing 😉
What an interesting topic! ❤
Did he say chimpanzee  you lost all credibility after that statement.
Which means right handers are Neolithic and left handers are extra ordinary Neolithic humans.
Right hand gang
I think there were cultural aspects to the heavy right handedness. I know in italian culture they thought left handedness was a sign of the devil which is why they call left "sinistra" aka sinister and the heavy religious influence over the years basically shunned left handedness and would force lefties to be righties.
Where's Steve?????
Other species. The domestic cat. The male, the tomcat is strongly left handed. Observation, when they raise a paw in greeting, as they do, it will be the left. This far from the only duty in which they favour the left.
I recommend a cultural anthropologist's point of view rather than a strictly evolutionary view. Perhaps some left handed boxers win more often because they've had to work harder and be better to be accepted by their right-handed competitors and coaches. Perhaps the handedness of skin scraping was passed from master to apprentice, as part of the craft. A cultural anthropologist would give voice to these possibilities.
How come there are no wisdom teeth in the photo of the 500,000 years old skull’s teeth?
As a Leftie I'm an oddity, I write left handed, but use tools with either hand and I'm right eye dominant, so I shoot rifles shotguns right handed and pistols either handed, that really drove my instructors nuts in the army.
how about people that can use both hands? My mom writes with her left and right, flawless....  it is literally cheat code.
I watched the entire video and he never explained how humans became (mostly) right-handed.
It probably has something to do with power generation when throwing a spear or something.
*puts phone in left hand to balance out* ⚖️
Interesting
My body is weird, I have what I can only describe as a power hand and a finesse hand
Left gang 😏🤙🏿
At 7:40, what hes saying doesnt make any sense from an evolutionary standpoint, doesnt it? If its a trait that supposedly increases survival chances then that trait would be inherited more. And then "it might also explain why the frequency of left handers is so low, if too many people have the advantage it disappeares". What?
I’m left handled but I throw and catch with my right.  My right is stronger.   I kick with my left and write with my left.  Is this normal?
Im a lefty and yes its true there are some advantages...
< insert musterbation joke >
T-Wrecks happens to be the name of a repainted red Beast Wars Megatron.
..and Jimmy played the guitar upside down! What a rebel!
why they saying that no other primate has a dominant arm when chimps do?
Wow, a breakthrough! THIS IS SCIENCE
I think that I have grown more right-handed as I have become older.  I still write with my left hand, but I've noticed that I am increasingly able to use my right hand as well for tasks such as shaving and ironing.  I use a mouse with my right hand, hold my knife and fork in the normal way, but use a soup / dessert spoon with my left hand.  I can't use left-handed scissors at all.
Left here me, my Dad and my younger brother out of five of my family. It can be a bit difficult at times when things are done only for right handers.
I'm generally right handed- but I fight/ spar in a left handed stance. This started because I got injured in my right shoulder for a while, and thus had to rely on my left side. It definitely comes in handy.
While left-handed people are clearly in the minority population-wise. Left-handed people are as present as the other right-handed half in fields like Art, Engineering, Music, and Philosophy, often in higher ranks/leading roles. I wonder how I would be if I was left-handed.
Myself my mother, an aunt and my grandmother are all left handed.
Being ambidextrious is cool, my personal experience so far.
I was born right handed but I had a stroke when I was 6 that pretty much disabled the right side of my body. I had to relearn how to do everything left handed. Walking, tying my shoelaces, writing, throwing things, and yes, even defending myself from schoolyard bullies. It was difficult but I managed. Lots of PT and an orthopedic surgery helped a lot. When I got old enough to play baseball I figured out that being a supernatural southpaw had its advantages. Turns out I can bat left or right. I was a pitcher's nightmare! I do everything left handed now. Its amazing to me how the brain and body adapts.
Many stand out athletes, especially football (soccer) players are left footed.
Luck of the draw
In melee combat you wield your weapon in your right hand which positions your right side in front of your left and better protects your vitals. A shield is carried in the left hand for the same reason.
If you poke somebody with a sword, the side of your body where your heart is faces your opponent. This might weed out a few left-handed people. In any case most people's heart is on the left side.
Right handed people are wack
isnt "handedness" also kinda decided by the first successful grabbing-action as newborns? i am not sure this is right, i read it a few years ago, thats why i am asking, if that isnt another chance for this?
That was great! The joke at the end would have been better in a Yorkshire accent though.
why are twins more likely to be left handed?
It's funny how the video starts with some unproven hypothesis, as facts.
Quote, "There is no right way to be human", made me think on why the word "right" has yet another meaning. Being right, that is. Can someone with linguistic background comment whether the origin of the second meaning is related? It is also the same in my mother tongue.
Dude that invented a tool shows others how to use it.... NO! Wrong hand! Use the tool the way I invented it... Solved...
I was told I was left handed as a kid, but my family forced me to use my right instead so I grew up right handed. My dominant leg is still my left, tho.
I “was” left handed. But at the time I grew up that was not allowed. So in school I was forced too do everything with my right hand.
I played baseball vs two twin pitchers. One left handed,  other right handed. I thought the same kid just decided to switch hands between innings and it really confused me.
I know elephants have a preferred tusk it’s the one that’s worn down
Never ever ever underestimate the power of the lefties.
Lefties are the gays of the handedness world.
Manny Pacquiao a boxer from Philippines is a left-handed.
Because it is the “Right way”  Hehehe pun
I’m jealous of ambidextrous people. There’s so much more you can do with that ability.
As I lefty I found this interesting.
So if I learn to fight I'm most likely to have an advantage. Dubs
Left handed  & proud!
This is nonsense, to scratch your  teeth in such a way , you would be cutting your lips  to shreds.
left handed gang where ya at?
Being left handed is so rare, but two of my brothers are both left handed.
i'm left-handed from the start but i'm a designer too, when i was very young i was some issues drawing with pencils, solved learning to start the drawing from right to left. Now i'm 52 years old and i'm keeping to drawing in this way. Also, i'm from Italy, a very bigot place, and my first school teachers blame me because i used "the hand of the devil".... Very stupid people.
The thumbnail though
Its not found in mammals but it is found in nature, some crabs rely off one claw for defense (maximizing size) while the other is for food (maximizing grip).
At least I.can watch adult content and use my left hand 🤚🏻 when I do it off since computers are right handed
Whoever filmed that carrot stock footage need to learn bout the peeler
Was it a Homo-Hoover the reason why most are right handed?
Most musicians who play classical stringed instruments( violin, viola, cello, bass) have to  "defeat" their right-handedness( if that is their dominate hand) because all instrumental fingerings are left-hand on those instruments. Yes, there are left-handed string instrument( guitar) but it rare.
But chimps use tools, so you think there'd be hand preference found with them by now 🤔🤷‍♀️  So perhaps hand preference is an indicator of intelligence (by association), not the ability to communicate or make and use tools, which other species can obviously do. Isnt the frequency of lefthanders increasing? Perhaps its a sign of further evolution ?
Being ambidextrous is awesome. I'm surprised it wasn't mentioned.
If too many are left handed, the advantage disappears... so that’s why there’s not as many left handed people? What?
ogaboga me use both hands equal
Very interesting, thank you
I'm left handed and so is my son and daughter... do the math on the odds of that.
Do a video on the history of acupuncture and would it work on animals , possibly animals with more "simple" systems than us
Weirdly enough, 40% of electricians of left handed. Wonder how that happens
The only thing I find creepy about left handers is the backwards check mark.  It’s like an alien language.
what about the mix-handed people? did we get stuck in between or what?
VICEVERSA
I’ve always been told “Lefties are the only ones in our right mind.”
This Darwin theory is the most stupid thing i have ever heard Monkeys come on
In soccer, being left-footed automatically puts you on the team. There are some positions that just play better when they're left-footed
Only hollywood actors/actresses are left handed these days
I should be studying for my finals but well why am I right handed
I'm a leftie. Being a minority this is actually a part of my identity and self image. I have four children all of whom turned out to be right handed. I'm actually a little saddened by the fact that none of them are like me in this regard. My right handed wife doesn't get it at all.
They state that humans are the only mammal with a preference for one side.  Anyone who works with horses, doing any higher level of dressage type work, knows that while most humans are right handed, most horses are left "handed" ... meaning that when moving around a small circle (~20 meters), most horses are much more supple, more balanced, more comfortable when turning to the left.  Its very unusual for a horse to be equally comfortable in both directions. They definitely have a "handedness" ... probably other animals do as well, but it would be hard to recognize if not working so closely with them.
The heart is located on the left of the body, so opposite you, another human's heart is in the path of your right hand. Makes sense that you would want to apply a straight force into their body, instead of across. Opposing tribal violence being another evolutionary marker for developing habits that are gene influenced.
It's pretty obviously heritable. My family has a ton of left handed people, 7 of 8 cousins actually. Although it's a little strange because I write with my left and throw with my right, and cannot do either activity with the other hand, although I can bat from both the left and right side, with right being better, so like they stated, handedness isn't as clear cut as we tend to think
Right hand master race.
Let's see how many fellow dominicans watch these videos. 5:17 what's the name of that baseball team?
you look like an older indiana jones version in this video. that's hot :3 ! also yay knowledge
My father and i are naturally lefthanded. But we both got beat up until we learned to be righthanded because it was seen as a sin. Well now we can use both hands equal😂
I love this channel!
I write right handed but I learnt to write left handed and I learn new skills with both hands if possible, I can use a saw in either hand, pool cue, etc... just like to keep my left hand involved so it doesn't feel   Left out
I always wrote,drove, ate with my left hand but did a lot of other stuff with my right
You didn't answer you own question
im left handed so im a demon
Maybe all the primitive tools were right-handed so most of the lefties went extinct.
Neanderthals are right handed. I’m left handed. I am evolved from you throwbacks!
Wow, that is amazing! They KNOW someone was holding an animal skin in their teeth 130,000 years ago. I must have missed the day when that text was found. It must have been written by a leftie with a no. 2 lead pencil and was badly smeared that no one could read it when they were done.
Did we split from chimpanzees? My understanding was that chimps and hominids split from a common ancestor 🤔
Meanwhile ambidextrous people:  Certainly not me lmao
Im right handed but i play sports left handed and i can use all tools with both hands
I've been in a few fights and the only time I ever got caught completely off guard and damn near knocked out was by a lefty.
ShutUp!
Neanderthal's spirit will die knowing Indian superstition about left hand😂
My doctor looked at me like a freak when he saw that my left arm was stronger than my right arm. "Usually your dominant arm is stronger than your non-dominant one. Maybe you tried to write with your left as a kid."  Guess I'm a freak.
There is no ‘right’ way to be human mhm 😌
Could it be that the ancient humans were painting their left hands just because it's easier to blow the pigment from the straw using their right hand?
One thing I learned is that the word “sinister” is literally “left” in Latin. Some speculate that our evolution to the current use of the word (meaning evil, or underhanded) may come from the advantages in fighting the video talks about. A left handed fighter was seen to be essentially cheating when going up against a right handed opponent.
lefties were invented to THROW THE HEAT
Well, maybe we lefties are just here to annoy the heck out of you righties....
I think right hand dominance came with tool creation. The first tools were probably made by righties for righties, so you learned to use your right hand or be forced to make all your own customized tools.
I use both hands
Now you use your dominant hand manually.
Maybe other mammals don't have a dominant hand because they don't do anything specialized enough. I can do little things monkeys do with either hand.
Neandertals used REAL animal hides? I think we should tear down all cave paintings. Activate cancel culture and PETA!!!
Nope... I can write perfectly with both hands when i was a child, but my parents prevent me to do so because most of human civilizations deemed left hand is dirty so it must not be used for most activities such as eating.  The problem is the morality not genetics. I think...
Is the the bloke that did the first few episodes of pbs space time?
Sooo... How Did Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed?
You are either right handed or you are wrong handed
I always attributed it to the Romans and their standardization of the Legions to all be right handed.
One can also guide their children to be ambidextrous.
Wouldn't it mean if some of us are left handed because of some advantage in combat that lefthandedness is somewhat genetic?
Why are there left handers around today?    You can't be right handed and a genius..
I use both hands equally 😎😎😎😎
True true true, When I beat my meat my right hand gets as strong as Hercules
70-95% of us to be exact 🤨
Being left handed in the 3rd grade I was told to right my with right hand. My teacher would hit my left hand with the ruler if she saw me writing with it. This was in 2009.
I'm unco with both hands.
I am a left-handed female. I am adopted ao it is interesting to know that my dad is probably left-handed
Having one strong and one weak arm instead of two equally strong arms sounds advantageous. If you're always hitting or throwing your spear with the right hand it can be much stronger You can generate more force than someone who uses both arms equally You also only need to have muscle memory for one arm
Can someone address how much of a disadvantage being right handed. A fighting stance is very primitive throwing a rock using a spear throwing an atlatl very similar stance.  Putting your most vulnerable side in the way of organs closer to the threat. And shown with the most primative weapon I mentioned the spear leaves the human completely exposed on the extension with the closest and easiest path to the hear. There can be know genetic variable to handedness it is explained in a red herring fallacy. Handedness can be overcome with training or practice it is obviously a learned behavior.
Blake rocking his archaeologist outfit
But does this explain left footed Football (soccer) players?
*Lefty master race where we at?*
I don't believe
What about ppl who use both hands equally?
If there were a bigger advantage of being left handed then there would be more of them. Why would there be less? I dont think it has anything to do with genetics.
I remember there used to be a theory that left-handed people had right-handed twins during the start of pregnancy, but eventually the other twin disappeared/died... The idea is thet each twin had a different affiliation... Don't know if it's proven...
Crabs with big right claws: 🗿 Hello there
I'd prefer if he didn't refer to our lineage separating from chimpanzees. "Common ancestor" would help avoid the implication that we are derived from chimpanzees.
What about ambidextrous people?
Spiral staircases in medievil castles were generally built turning clockwise going up. This would mean if under attack, people defending it would have a distinct advantage due to sword arms being more free when facing down. This would not be the case if an attcker was a lefty.
I get confused cause I'm both handed
this video in short: we don't know most of the answers, but the few things we know are interesting.
My parents and teachers tried so hard to get me to write right handed. Sheep!
”Kangaroos are mostly lefthanded”, that's why they drive on the left side of the road.
I am one of very few people without a dominant hand. A doctor who was examining me startet laughing when he realized my hands and arms was exacly alike. When i do stuff with my hands i just use the hand that is most convinient at the moment. Next time i do the same i might use the other hand.
*Literally no one* Left handed people: peasants
Some lefty is sitting in his chair screaming right now
The reason left handeed people eveolved to be two handed is christianity, that's my guess. I used to have a left handed teacher, who wrote with his right hand, because his teachers and the church claimed left sidedness came from the devil. That kind of thing has gone on for centuries. In fact, that was one of the things that made me realise how silly religions are.
I remember when i was in kindergarten I used to write with my left hand but my mom would lightly spank me with a ruler and tell me to use right hand because it's awkward she says. Since then i sort of become a right-handed but whenever I learned a new skill later in life like driving i usually prefer my left hand.
Who else is left handed watching this🤓
My toddler, 3,5 years, still hasn't figured out which hand is his dominant hand.
Good
Funny enough almost every male of my grandfather son  and grandchildren are left handed including me.
Amazing video guys!
I'm a welder. Never met a more left-handed group in my life. FYI, the best welders are mostly the lefties.
left handers can play guitar better
Seeing a lot of lefties, any ambies here with me???
No way to get rid of the "laaaand" lady! ;))
Everyone knows the theory that lefties were holding the shield on right hand thus heart was exposed and we had received more fatal blows during millennia of battles and became nearly extinct right? That theory also argues that remaining lefties are descendants of the most skilled hence survivor leftie ancestors.
I shoot rifles and pistols both left handed and all of my fishing rods are left handed but I write with my right hand. My left eye us my dominant eye but my right hand us my dominant hand.
Interesting. I have four kids. My eldest and third child are lefties and the other two are right-handed. So cool to learn this.
Being a leftie meant playing baseball in gym class without a glove, most of the time. But i'm technically ambidextrous since i write with my right hand. Play all sports , but tennis with my left , but i still bat as a left hander, so i really have no idea which is my dominant . Skateboard "goofy" footed, but play tennis with my right hand. That makes no sense to me. The strange thing is dribbling a basketball . I really have no preference until its time to shoot. Very strange . So what the hell is going on with that?!! I still don't know which hand i really bowl with, since i alternate between duck pin (left handed) and standard bowling balls (right handed) . So, really i do prefer certain hands for specific tasks , but i can't use both hands to do everything.
That carrot was definitely not fresh.
Even nature is made for the right handed people, I have seen things that being a leftie sometimes doesn't fit with anything at all.
Left handed woman here. This was very interesting.
Yah, I am mostly right handed, but when it comes to cricket, I bat lefty. Because although I am right handed, it is in the front while batting and takes the most strength from. And while bowling I can fast bowl with right, but can't do spins, whereas with my left I have less pace but more spin. I don't know if others have similar experience.
I'm left handed
There's also the fact that there's strength in diversity and the Idea of genetic drifting... Perhaps the gene that made us use our left hand just as regularly as our right hand Mostly drifted away and out of our genome, just not entirely to the point of ceasing to exist in the genetic material of our species. Who knows... Coming back to the strength in diversity topic, why does homossexuality exist? It's not evolutionarily advantageous to not be attracted to the individual that would offer you a chance of passing on your genes, so why does it exist at all? What's the point? Diversity... There's more to being human and highly social than just being the fittest individual of all. The individual doesn't count as much as the group as a whole and the variety of strengths it's able to provide...
I’m kinda ambidextrous. When using small tools like pencils,  pens, eating utensils, etc, I’m left handed. But I think strength based or gross motor skills I’m right handed. I realized who’s when my mom had me use my left side for T-ball... yah it was awkward. When signing (American Sign Language) funnily enough I’m right hand dominant for every sign.
We didn't come from apes yall lol
What about ambidextrous i can shoot and hammer with my left and my right and drive with my left yet use my right for a lot of things. Can write with both
It's such a marvelous coincidence that this video were to come out now. I've been pondering this question through an evolutionary lens for a month or two now. Let's see how closely it aligns to my thought pattern.
I have to hand it to you, this was a great video. Your channel is on the right path.
I'm not sure what I learned here
It's because we wipe with our left. Duh
I find it really hard to believe that the marks on their teeth were caused by "slipping" stone tools. A hominid had to be fairly smart to process animal skins into leather and to also to sew such leather into garments (create bone needles, and thread needles with perhaps sinew). It's likely that any "slipping" of the stone scraper (a tool that was pretty sharp) would have caused injury to the gums or lips. A smart hominid would have quickly learned to (a) not scrape in that direction anymore (ie. upwards towards the mouth and teeth), and (b) to pass on that information to whomever they were teaching (like a child). As early as they were, I doubt they were stupid enough to continue "scraping" their teeth in the same manner of injury over and over. There has to be another explaination of the marks on thier teeth such as eating hard nuts and seeds, perhaps gnawing bones and  maybe breaking them with teeth to get at the protein rich marrow, or cleaning teeth. For all we know, it could have been a practice of a tribe to clean the flesh off a skull (and keep it) of an enemy or deceased tribe member (maybe a death ritual) with stone tools, thereby causeing marks on the teeth. Marks could also have been caused by natural processes on the skull and teeth, not long after death, such as sharp rocks coming in contact.
My mom is left handed but she can write with both hands.
70 to 95% of us to be exact. A margin of 25% is exact?
I'm ambidextrous and I noticed this sports advantage early on when I was playing softball. It wasn't the only advantage I had since dumb people tend to more further in field when they see a girl come up to bat but I could hit just about any pitch and it could hit them as far as most of the boys at the time. Batting left-handed would throw the pitcher off though and sometimes also the out fielders. I would switch between right and left batting to throw everyone off.  When it comes to fighting, the best way to throw someone off is to use your legs, especially if you are fighting a male. A lot of people look for that punch so kick them in the crotch instead and get away.
Horses prefer left or right
My great grandmother (rip) said she would get beat with a ruler by the religious school teachers if she used her left hand to write.
As a Left Handed orthodox fighter I have won far more than my fair share of contests.
The Common Raven also makes and uses tools so I wonder if they find the any dominance among these birds when using their tools. I know I've had cats who were more likely to bat with one paw rather than the other and it usually did correspond to the relative level of mischief they were able to get into by opening various cupboards and drawers.
“There’s no right way to be human” class quote from the host. Fits in well during this pandemic. This should age well. I’m writing this 5.30 am all nighter.
“There’s no right way to be human”
The video is titled ‘How humans became (mostly) right handed’ but it never gives a solid theory. How about this one. The right side of the brain that controls the left side of the body thinks more in abstract, which is why artist and people in professions which require abstract and creative thought tend to be left handed. The left side of the brain that controls the right side of the body thinks more logical and organizational. So, with this in mind, once we started inventing tools and weapons and also using organized hunting methods the left brain/right handed became the preferred mates due to their success. Due to natural selection we became mostly right handed.
I have an identical twin brother (DNA test confirmed identical) and I'm right handed and he's left handed.
left handed people where you at
This was actually cool and interesting af
I have this theory about left handed people. I believe that all lefties are more creative than righties. Better at drawing, painting, sculpting, music and other performing arts. All the lefties I've ever met can draw either very well or, at the very least, reasonably better than me (and I'm pretty ok at drawing).
My heart goes out to all the wrong handed people.
I forgot where i heard it from but "A lefty can do something 3x better with their right hand than someone who is right handed, if he uses it enough." Personally Im a lefty I'd need to try this.
As a left handed, writing with a bad pen is a nightmare.
Computers are making non-dominant arm stronger 😜
Im left handed and somehow I almost never get graphite stains after writing
0:39 "But today no other placental mammal that we know of prefers one side of the body so consistently." Sea Otters (Enhydra lutris) are in the order of Carnivora and are placental mammals. They have skin flaps under their arms that they use like pouches to store stones and shellfish for later use. The vast majority of Sea Otters, although having two such pouches on either side of their body, prefer to use the left side flap (found dead sea otters mostly only have things in the left side pouch). Also discarded shells found around rocks that they lay mussels again to bash with their favored stone mostly have the impact marks on the right side. We have about as much evidence for the predominant right handedness of E. lutris than we do for H. neanderthals. Moreover seeing it in Sea Otters helps to confirm our intuition about how to interpret similar looking evidence in extinct animals.  There are a lot of differences between us and Sea Otters. So why we both have a predominant right handed preference might seem like something of a mystery. But there is a major similarity in our tool usage. Not that we both use tools (plenty of animals do that). But that we both keep tools with us for when we are not using them. Given that, I think there could be something about not discarding tools after use, but storing them on ones person, that in part can lead to a handedness preference.
4:38 but why ya boy got the swaggy haircut?... 😂😂
Haven't watched this yet but my prediction is its all about tool use.  Someone made a tool and for whatever random reason favored using it with their right hand.  Maybe it was a weapon made from a branch and the curve of the branch where they held it contoured more for the right hand so the user had a better grip with the right hand and so that is what they used and eventually favored.  This person made more of these tools which he choose to fit his right hand since thats what he was accustomed to and therefore others who used these tools also found that they had better control in their right hand.  As time goes on more people use tools made by those who were already accustomed to using them in their right hands.  Inevitably as a result if there is any genetic predisposition to using your right or left hand as dominant then those who were predisposed to being right handed had a slight advantage over the left handers as most of the tools and weapons were designed for them.  Likewise left handers had a slight disadvantage where everything related to tools or weapons was just a little harder for them.  Again inevitably this would have cause a slightly lower chance for those lefties to live long enough to pass on their genes resulting in both a technological and biological predisposition towards right handed people.  Personally I am right handed but I am also ambidextrous.  I can do anything with my left hand as comfortably as I can with my right but that was only through years of intentional practice.  Still I greatly favor my right hand in most precision tasks simply because thats what the tools were designed for.
I am ambidextrous. I bat from both sides, I play hockey both left and right.  I write with both hands. I play both left and right handed guitars like MAB.    However, doing things with my right hand feels right. I suppose cuz it looks correct.
Right hand supremacy
I’m left handed when I write but I do almost everything else with my right hand.
Proud left handed 🏴‍☠️ 🐵
Hell I'm barely have a writing hand at all I can't write with my left in the slightest and my handwriting is so awful in the right hand that a "welcome" sign would look more like a threat some twist serial  killer hung in the trees outside the path leading to his dilapidated toolshed where he does his "work"
They didn’t peel the carrot before they cut it 😔
So I use tools with my right hand but throw and lift with my left. Guess I’m kinda dumb
Musicians who play instruments where both hands do essentially the same thing, keyboard players for example, spend years overcoming handedness. Others, bowed string players for example, spend years training their hands to do fundamentally different but equally difficult motions.
Executive summary: We don't know why, we're not sure, we can speculate. Meanwhile, left handedness has some advantages! Scientists are looking feverishly. Come back next year. Ciao.
Yoooo I was just thinking about this
So I'm a kangaroo, got it.
I write left handed, use utensils left handed, use hammers left handed but use my right for pretty much everything else...
So..... Cavemen were SO stupid that they would hit themselves in the TEETH with a sharp ROCK, again and AGAIN? So that's what happened.
I'm left handed. I was ambidextrous until 4th grade when they told me I had to pick a hand to write with and only use that hand. I still do many things with my right hand more or better then the left. To me, this seemed like a taught bias. As I didn't inherently have a bias. Perhaps people are trained by their parents how to do things and the right hand bias applies. Some things like men's and women's shirts have a right hand bias still today. Other things like scissors, baseball gloves and writing give a clear bias towards right handed behavior. I would imagine when someone is taught to write, most instructor's inherently tell them to pick up the pencil with their right hand. I know some peoples non-dominate hand is basically a meat club.
Because it is thought that left handed people are more suited for fighting do you think this means left handed people have more of a “fight” reaction than a “flight reaction”?
Like half the forwards and defensemen in icehockey seem to be left-handed. Huge preference in making lines relative to sides of the rink and passing the puck around and shooting in the offense area. And left-handed forwards seem to often be the big solo scorers, presumably for the same unexpectedness.
And why the LIKE button is on the left? I'm suspicious that this rules was arranged by Left-handed person
I'm 46 so you can imagine how many times I had trouble using scissors in school.
Interesting documentary, love the topic! But there are some flaws in this docu. We do not come from Chimps, we share a common ancestor. But I see this has been corrected already. There are some apes using tools and also birds. Now if those animals also do not have a preferred hand, the theory, no matter how plausible, does not stand! I love the theory that right handed was the standard and lefties had better survival skills, but then there needs to be DNA proof for this genetic explanation! A very interesting docu, no matter the flaws!
Interesting theory....
Imagine being left handed right gang master race
Im right handed but i only brush my teeth left handed because both my parents are left handed. I didnt really notice until I was like 20
I can do most things with both hands and always played sports and games using both hands, but I can only write with my right hand. As I've gotten older and played less games and sports I alternate hands less often. But I can bowl, play pool, frisbee, pitch, bat, play darts, even weld, all with both hands.
He should have *left* that last pun alone. Signed, A Southpaw
I think kangaroos must be left handed because they are south hemispheric. It's gotta be based on the Coriolis effect. Lol
The title is clickbait “How humans became (mostly) right handed” was not answered.
I can not see there is actually enough time for humans to have evolved from apes that we currently see living today. Perhaps humans evolved into Apes. Retrograde Humans are not evolved, we only learned to make more advanced tools.  Apes don't kill apes.  Humans Kill humans.  So humans are the same as always, lethal 2 legged beings with no consciousness.
I think it starts with your dominant eye. I do most things right handed but  I have to shoot lefty because I have a dominant left eye.
So how did this dumb idea of money come about
Do cats have a paw preference when striking? Is it just random or learned?
it's got to do with teaching. if the first hominids happened to choose their left hands for dexterous tasks, we would mostly be left handed.   it's hard to learn how to do something from a teacher by rehearsing the skill with the opposite hand as them.
My late sister in-law, a RN was convinced that a left handed person was the surviving zygote from a twin pregnancy, in which the right handed did not survive.  Identical twins have one left and one right handed members.
If an eontologist never came into the sun, would that make them a pale eontologist?
PBS should not receive tax dollars ... they push an anti~american agenda…
What's interesting is how we are very comfortable speaking about evolutionary advantageous traits in our ancestors, but in modern population it is very taboo because it inevitably leads towards eugenics.
Fun fact - I became left-handed (and a bunch of other stuff) and therefore ambidextrous at the age of 47 thanks to a lipoma of my corpus callosum. However strange you think that sounds, trust me, the experience was so much stranger than you can imagine.
I’m a lefty but I can play sports right handed. Still can’t write with my right hand tho lmao
We lefties are the only people in our right minds!
Dogs are dominant with right or left paws and whichever it is they’re consistent
As a left-handed person, I respectfully disliked this video.
Anyone ever watch dogs or other animals when then run? They tend to lean into a dominant side, if you look carefully. They're not running with their shoulders totally square, they're running leaning into one side or the other. Fascinating...
All the drastic genetic changes that split humans from primates 200,00yrs ago (that are responsible for speech, tool making etc) are too many over too short a time period to be attributed to evolution. Scientists call it the intervention. And leave it at that!
Me a left handed and still watching this: 😙✌🏼✨
The notion towards the end 7:54 that differences in brain hemispheres contributed to handedness ? Its  likely that handedness reciprocally evolved the hemispheres.
You can probably thank the Romans’ for so many of us lefties
Kangaroos are mostly left-handed Lefties have an advantage in physical combats, such as boxing  Boxing kangaroos make perfect sense now...
I'm right handed, but I use my left hand to open stuff like bottles. It's weird
He says “me ander tall”
Excellent. But wich way do you put toilet paper on the spindle
Being left handed and an aircraft technician is a pain as most of the aircraft designers are right handed and  thus design for right handed people. Also in the UK wedding bands are worn on the left hand - not good if you get put your hands in the depths of electronic equipment! Even to this day, some 30 years after finishing working with electronic equipment I still do not wear a wedding ring - much to the annoyance of my wife.
I write with my left hand and shoot a fire arm with my left hand but everything else I’m right handed
To avoid getting those graphite stains on my hand (leftie) while writing in school; I learned to twist the paper 90degrees. So instead of writing from left to right I was writing up to down with my letter being slightly slanted to the back (think italic but backwards).
I’m right handed but I use my left to cut things
Me a pasty left handed doughboi: sweeeeet
"Algorithm comment" 👍
I’m a lefty living in a right handed world
It can be learned too. I'm left handed and I was the primary care giver for my two children during their early years and I guess I somewhat unconsciously put forks spoons and pencils in their left hand and they are both left handed. Both girls too.
Only a left handed person understands why ring binders are the bane of existence.
they skipped one of the most interesting and significant datapoints of modern times: growth of the dominant arm in adolescent boys
What is the scientific proof for Evolution? I thought it was a theory?
I'm in my late 40's and when I was a child I used to draw with both hands but the school system forbade it and I was chastised when ever I used my left hand so now I'm right handed
I hate how this is presented as fact
The video supplies a lot of speculation and doesn't actually answer the title question.
Way to get it to 10 minutes
Lefties can shoot a basketball boi.
Fun fact: more left handed people die in the workplace than right handed people because most tools are designed for right handed people
Additionally, southpaws (left handed fighters) have an additional advantage over orthodox (right handed) - Southpaws have much more experience facing orthodox fighters (since most people are right handed) than the other way around. They're more used to it
Who else is watching this on their phone and using their RIGHT hand to hold their phone?
I'm predominantly right handed, except for when it comes to throwing a frisbee. I don't know why but it's the only way I can reliably throw a frisbee disk. 🖖
Both of my parents are left hand while my sisters and i are right hand
But we are not the only mammals that make tools
We didn't split from chimps
I just came to a possible reason for this handedness.   Well, since there was not an (possible) answer to this question, I decided to give it a try and come up with something  possible - possible enough to start a conversation.  Thesis: When lying on our left side, our right arm is then free to move/use.   Assuming body similarities with our ancestors might not been that different, maybe they also had a preference when sleeping, resting and lying down.  Because of science, we now believe sleeping on our left side have more benefits than sleeping on the right side, digestion and health-wise. And assuming the body had at least the same level of communication/connection/influence over our thoughts, feelings and intuition, it is possible to imagine that our ancestors may have intuited this as well, therefore preferred the left side during their rest time on caves/shelter. Following this vague idea, I can imagine a point where the right hand became more skilled, just by manipulating its surroundings while relaxing.  What do you guys think. I'm just being creative :)
Left gang wya
Can someone please tell me why I am right handed but skateboard goofy-foot?
I just want to make this point if we evolved from monkeys why isn’t it happening to this day! Like why aren’t the monkeys and chimpanzees evolving into humans anymore?????? Bc it’s not true ;)
I'm proud of being left-handed and horrible handwriting 😅
RIGHT HANDED GANG!
Is 70 to 95 percent supposed to be a usable statistic? Why not just state that three-quarters of people are right-handed?
I just realized YouTube's like and dislike button are right handed, dammit
I doubt it can be proven, but what if the hemispheres are flipped in the brains of left handed people, like how sometimes organs that are supposed to be on the right end up being on the left. These types of connections, although more delicate, would have an easier time forming flipped. After all, they are still within one organ, not separate organs. Then again I might be completely wrong
Ambidextrous gang?
Does socialization have much to do with this? All my aunts were left handed after birth and were retrained to be right handed. I found out this is common in a lot of Pakistani families where people are left handed initially
Left-handed gang, rise up!    so we can kill you, you heretics.
This theory has been largely debunked, I can suggest to read : MacNeilage et al. (2009). Origins of the left and right brain; humans are far from being the only ones with a lateralized brain and with right/left hemisphere behavioral bias, current theory has it that right-handedness rather emerged from a left-hemisphere specialization for routine activities (right hemisphere = unexpected events) , and that human-specific cognitive abilities (like language or complex tool-making) did not arise from right-handedness as there is also strong evidence for crows outperforming children (up to 7 yo) at tool-making while they lack hands --> they rather arose from a complex compound of ecological factors
im left handed, im in my right mind.
I’m lefty ☺️
I always wondered why you right handers, aren't in your right minds. You crazy monkies. ;-)
As a lefty I like this video
I'm right handed for some things, like less physical stuff, but left handed for most sports. It's weird af
*Left handed individuals exist*  Lefties: _THE APEX RACE HAS ARRIVED_
Dang I’ma be a boxer now 😂
Then why are there still chimpanzees. Just sayin
Full of baloney
So where is the "How" revelation of the title? I dint find it. I hate episodes like this where at the end, you are no wiser than before?
Have you all ever noticed that a lot of actors and musicians are left handed?
My grandpa was left-handed. My uncle is naturally lefty, but learned right-handed writing in school.  I broke my right thumb when I was stationed in Asia, so I learned to use chopsticks left-handed. I never learned to write with my left hand, but that's probably because it's horribly awkward to write English from the other direction.
Please, explain ambidextrous
Right-handed guitar players use their left for intricate fingering, and the right for the 'blunt' strumming.
Cross dominant gang!
70 to 95% of us to be _"exact"_ 💀💀💀
The title is kind of misleading, the video is about the question but not answering it (because the nobody knows). The title looks  like promising the answer. It should be like "the mystery of right handedness", "the search for the answer of.."
I don't see how the hide slipping would cause scratches on the front of your teeth.
The ballpoint pen is the world ender for left handed evolutionary bias.
When we were kids we used to play cricket and all of my friends were either rightnaded batsmen-bowler or vice versa, but I used to bat with my right hand and bowl with my left, and to this day I wonder why I am like this, I will appreciate if someone can explain.
While I am supposed to be the %90 percent majority, all of these comments and replies under the video made me feel like a minority. Where is my fellow righties?
You splitted from a chimpansee is wat mean
I see, that‘s why Pacquiao is GOAT.
Im a lefty. As a kid I could hit a baseball from either side. I hold a pistol in my left hand. But hold a long gun to my right shoulder. I never understood why that is. Also I play guitar conventionally. Maybe due to lack of left hand guitars. I think the first time a picked up a guitar I tried to play it upside down, But I digress.
I like how far back the information is, but I'm fairly confident that yard stick slaps by teachers in the 1900s, maybe earlier if people attempted to use their left hand probably didn't help
Connor mcgrgr has that left hand cannon.
I’ve never felt so alone being right handed in my life before. Literally everyone here is left handed! It’s funny, I always wanted to be left handed ):
5:01 note the larger right pectoral muscle
I've always hated how in English "right" is a synonym for "correct." It creates so many confusing situations.
In my family, an aunt and my brother are lefties. The rest of us are right.
"After our lineage split from chimpanzees". LMFAO   FOH
Funny they dont talk about the differnce in information processing between left handed and right handed. If you look at corporate top leaders, us presidents, artist, mathematicians and nobel prize winners you will see a very strong over representation of lefties. Left handed people seems to be better at handling multiple level of information and handle their correlations effectively, while right handed are overall better at focusing on details.
It would be interesting to consider if the way that early humans scraped the inner flesh off of animal hides affected the development of right-handed-ness, for example - which side of the hide should be face up so that you don't get that flesh all over the ground . . . just a thought.
Well I’m left handed so
what is best ever food review doing here
ahem.. SOUTHPAW!
Where was the part where they actually offered a hypothesis as to the actual advantages of right handed-ness (other than that it WAS an advantage...somehow) and thus live up to the title of "'How' Humans became Right-Handed"? No theories for hunting, hemispheric usage vs less lateralization in lefties as disadvantageous in some aspect? Genuinely feel this missing the mark in offering any sort of compelling information other than "it happened and it's unique".
My father was born lefthanded but as a boy, he was bitten on the left hand by a rattlesnake and the hand/arm atrophied (poor folk didn't have medical care in the 1920s).  He learned to use his right hand to compensate. When he was able to use his left hand again, it did not return to being his dominant hand and he wrote with his right hand.  However, he was more ambidextrous than most people.
Admit it,  that you don't know it....You just believe these things.....Just trying to imagine from the limited knowledge you have right now.....And stamping it on poor 50,000 years old people.... You only think that Mr. Darwin is right....And that is the main problem....
intradesting
Someone sees me writing: "Hey you're lefthanded!" Me: "Duh, captain obvious 😒"   Me seeing someone writing with left hand: "Hey you're lefthanded like me!! 😍" Them: "Yaay 😍!"
You're heart and your carotid artery are on your left side That meant right handed people had an increased survival rate from hunting injuries and in combat
As a lefty, I thank you for this information
When I clean animal hides and my hand slips, I scratch my teeth from lower left to upper right, not upper left to lower right.  I am scraping towards my body, lower left to upper right.  If I'm scraping away, I scape from upper left, near my shoulder to lower right and don't get near my teeth.  (Also, I can't bang my teeth with a scraping rock too many times...)
When I  found myself playing cricket, I can be both I was at  the age 15 naturally I'm a right hander but I can bowl bat throw like perfect left hander
My blind cat uses his left front paw to feel for the step's edge when going downstairs, then steps down with his right one first.
Hello PBS. I want know about the evolution of parrots. Like why so many in Australia and America and so few in Pakistan, and none in Saudi?
and so much more in our Croatia
I think it is also very interesting that although the percentage of the population that is left handed is so low, there have been 8 left handed presidents, even having 3 in a row with Clinton, Bush, and Obama 🤔👀
Spent lots of time with elephants and it is very clear that they definitely prefer using the one side of their trunk more than the other.
Ok Sherlock Holmes
Qhat if fighting was the reason for our evolutionary change for lefthanded people
6:33 no, the widespread existence of a trait means it likely *isn’t a disadvantage*, not that it’s an advantage. Mutations with no effect will spread through the population just fine.
I'm a mutant. Nice!
Honestly I would say it came down to the dominant eye
Please do a video on the fusion of our chromosome number 2. How did it fuse why are we the only living thing to have a fusion in our chromosome? if we came from chimpanzees why do they have 2A and 2B and we just have 2? Hopefully that helps if you make a vid.
Lefty here 👋
Most Golfers choose Right handed clubs, but give them a hockey stick and most choose to use left handed sticks.. why is this??
Lol I remember when the other kids noticed iwas left handed they acted so amazed iGot all embarrassed because iwas shy 😂
It is natural you don’t lean it from anything
I write with my left hand but do mostly everything else with my right...the irony 😒
RIGHT HANDED GANG?
Male cats tend to be lefty female cats more right
To all my fellow Lefties, it's time we raise and took over!! 😜
....lol my bf uses both right and left hands proficiently
Evolution never happened
Because they were busy holding infants with their left arm, or the side of the heart, I'm gonna guess.
I'm more precise with right hand on light tasks. But is a new task require more muscle control I prefer left hand. So wierd
As a kid growing up I was told I was wrong for being left handed. I have people who use there right hand
Left handed fates are bound to be a successful or a failure. Probably my imagination.
Australian Sulpha Crested Cockatoos are significantly left clawed.
7:30 but left-handed boxers dont necessarilly fight south paw, and south paws are not necessarilly left-handed. And all boxers do box with their left hand, too.
What about fiddler crabs? Don’t they have a dominant claw?
Me, an ambidextrous. Hah
By holding the phone with the left hand while doing something with their right hand.
It didnt help that for hundreds of years left hand people was said to be touched by the devil and were forced to learn to write right handed.
Aside from writing I can use my left and right interchangeably... As a result I often confuse the words because they don't really mean much to me consciously.
Left handed people are superior. We will rule the world.
It’s been a while now but Steve missing from the end of the patreon bit still seems weird.
Why I am left handed???
Lost me after evolved from monkeys
all you right handed chumps have nothing on me
"they began to wonder about two things" I think you mean tooth things
Being the brain protected by the skull, the fastest way to kill someone with a primitive weapon is damaging his heart. Being right handed allows us to hold weapons in this hand and put forward the right side of our body, leaving the left side behind and protected.  This vital organ can be further protected by holding a shield in the left hand. This predisposition certainly gave a evolutionary advantage. Otherwise, in small proportion, being left handed can also be advantageous, confusing adversaries who expect the attack coming from the right hand. A related and more relevant question would be why the heart is on the left side. Since animals appear to have this organic disposition as well, right handedness is probably a consequence of this.
Possible factor as to why there is a small but distinct number of left handed males. In martial combat left handers have a distinct advantage against right handers. Ah, they cover this later in the video.
I really like this video for its carefull consideration for what we know as much as what we still don't know.
Not sure how relevant it is - but in my co-op MBA class one third of the females were left handed - could it be math related; my daughter is left handed and a math wizard - my wife and I are right handed
i usually eat with my left so i could use phone in my right hand. does it make me more left handed, more right handed or ambidextrous?
2:40 why not put bloves on the hand that actually get's dirty? women... ;-)
Left handed; was fencing when younger, trips out every opponent. :D
Because its the right way 😎
Our cat was definitely left-pawed. She always preferred using her left front paw even though both were healthy
Has anyone ever noticed that the percentage of southpaws in the world is roughly the same as the percentage of people who are Rh negative?
The strangest one to me is musical instruments, I have some tasks that I prefer my left for, others I use my right for and others where I have no strong preference, but why does a right handed guitar have all the fine motor control happening with the left hand? Is there some reason why it's more comfortable using the dominant hand for plucking, strumming or bowing, versus fingering notes, I mean this can be quite intricate in the way that writing is and while it takes more strength and rhythm on the right, it would seem like there would be distinct benefits to using your dominant hand for the other task, but I've never found anything I am so uncomfortable doing with either hand as fretting a guitar with my right!
I though this was going to be interesting until the dummy cited an unproven theory of humans coming from primates.  Interesting that more science proves biblical creation and no monkey morphing.
a !-> they; 1 != 2; -> one, who; not a long nontime?; men -> wapmen.  should -> ouht; navigate -> wend; long -> far.  Handedness comes from human teaching or handing down of skills.  Did you also notice another's heart is aligned with one's riht hand?
Horses are at least 70% left handed. Every trainer knows this and teaches a new queue from the left side first.
Wait you guys are getting dominate hands?
are this just merely speculative or we'll accepted theories?.
It’s also interesting how your dominant hand can switch if it has to. For example when people lose their right arm in some sort of an accident they quickly develop left hand dominance. Soon they will be as good with there left hand as they were with there right hands.
yo your outfit looks cool as hell!!
I was born left handed but was forced to use my right hand due to ignorance from my teachers back then. Today, i write with my right but i can only eat with my left hand😂 i wipe my butt with it too 🙃
Bruh we did not come from monkeys lmaooo
watching this left handedly...
For a smart person you should be quite dumb to still believe we have descended from chimpanzees
What I wanna know is when did we lose all of our    Fur
My opinion is that we didn't evolved from chimpanzees. How come we don't have chimps evolving anymore?! An external influence seems more likely in our genetic manipulation.
I'm ambidextrous, but only because I once broke my right hand and had to learn to use my left hand to do stuff. For almost 3 months I didn't use my right hand at all.
Both my dogs are right handed
Southpaw and proud !!! , we ain't just left handed , we block punches with our face.
Lol I’m definitely not related to a Neanderthal
I've always thought that if you have a dominant hand it speeds up decision making.. if somebody throws something at you, you will react with your dominant hand to catch or block it. Where as if there was no dominant hand you might waste precious milliseconds deciding which hand to use first. That's my theory anyway. Why the right though?
They lost me when the guy said at 0:35 "75 to 95% to be exact" ( we're right handed ) FFS that's anything but exact.  It's a rough estimation at best.  Oh, science, this is not it.
Because women out numbered men then too!!! And we're just as scary like 😂 probably an ice-ace pandemic at the time stay safe 🤙
It's  understandable that other apes don't  exhibit  a handedness, while they can be bipedal  thier natural  locomotion is quadrupedal with the knuckle walking.
Fabulous episode! Thank you
I'm left handed :D
Myself and 2 of my 3 son’s are left-handed. We don’t believe in the foolishness of evolution though.
I was born left-handed ,but in just one day while in pre-school I switched from being left-handed to being right-handed, best part of this all is that I don't even remember being left-handed I only know about this because my parent told me about it, so I just assumed that it happend when I first started going to pre-school.
I call it right- and wrong-handed
Now I wonder if there is a correlation between hand dominance and which hand you wipe with? I know in some cultures the left hand is often used for that, but I wonder how much of that is cultural and how much is biological?
that carrot was very old
I was left handed as a child but went to a catholic school so they forced me to switch over :(
Left handed people after watching this video: *I AM BUILT DIFFERENT*
That santoku needs to be sharpened.  Too much tearout at the bottom of that onion.  Dull knives are more dangerous than sharp ones.
Everything is fun and games, until a left-handed person gives you a perfectly aligned liver shot.
Jokes on you I'm ambidextrous!
I'm right hand but when I used to smoke cigarettes, thank goodness I don't anymore, but I would ALWAYS hold my cigarette in my left hand. It was always an interesting thing to me. It just felt wrong not to hold it in my left hand.
Main Lobsters are left/right different in claws.....
I am 10 and this is my favorite thing to Watch
Bidextrous
You liked this with your right finger on your right hand
Every single horse I have ridden has had handedness, which is the lead foot when they canter or gallop. Bipedalism has nothing to do with it, this whole video is based on a false assumption
6:31 Hominin: *It's free real estate.*
I want to know what makes you guys 100% sure we come from monkeys 🐒
Someone are both handed. E.g. They write with right hand but brush teeth with left hand
Sorry I didn't come from a monkey but carry on.
I'm right handed but Im also left handed ✊🍆✊
Left hand gang
I'm left handed-
Shoutout to my fellow lefties, I'm bouta go take some boxing lessons lmao but nah it's cool being a lefty, we rare asf. I remember writing for the first time and my hand going across the paper smearing my words lol
If only Flander's shop were real
Someone I know was left handed but his Catholic school forced him to be right handed and now he can hardly use his left. Crazy stuff!
DNA mapping proved we are not descendants of chimpanzees or Gorillas or Neanderthals.
I write, eat with my left hand, everything else i do it with my right hand
You say brain lateralization in humans is profound, and yet: " Some [brain] researchers argue that brain lateralization has been greatly overstated."
While only 10 percent of the population is left-handed, 25 percent of major league baseball players are. Of the 61 pitchers enshrined in the National Baseball Hall of Fame, 13 are left-handed, or 21 percent, more than twice that in the general population.
i wonder why all of the depictions of early humans in this video only showed early men (i mean, the reason is likely a lack of representation of early women in scientific art, but that seems like something we should be working on, if thats the case!)
Its a choice. Parents teach there kids to use their right. I'm lifted, I was made to use my right hand in grade school...
Ambidextrous gang represent!
I was expecting an answer to the question posed rather than a few theories, but oh well....
In the pbs show , they forgot that they use the left hand to wipe the faces away and the right to eat food.
From experience I can say that natural southpaws are a nightmare to fight from the orthodox stance but converted southpaws a lot less so (right-handed fighters fighting from the southpaw stance). That said natural southpaws converted to fight in the orthodox stance are also very difficult, style wise that is, because their leading strikes (nearest the opponent) are given with their dominant hand and therefore are usually well-timed, accurate and powerful.
left handers turn up
Watching this as a left hander. 🤫
I have lived with 11 cats. ( i rescue adopted oldies )  Each cat had a hand they do most things with most often.  Didn't think to track numbers.   Example getting  a treat out of a cup, grabbing a feather.
*laughs in ambidextrous*
This actually explains so much for me personally.  I use my right hand for things that require precision (writing, eating) but use my left hand for things that require power (throwing, punching)
The host had no business rockin that fit so hard
This left me wanting more.
I write with my left hand but do everything else with my right, throw things, lifting in general, and fighting.
I always assumed you could raise someone to be left or right handed. Like just practice with both hands or one specifically as a child
I am ambidextrous. But my parents wanted me to be right handed. I ended up mostly left handed 😂 But I still do many things eith my right hand. Basically the biggest difference is my writing
My left-handedness evolving to beat people with sticks is the revelation I didn’t know I needed.
Only Lefties know the significance of August 13th
And here I thought we were right-handed because the church made it "sinister" - literally meaning "left hand" - to be otherwise heh
I don't get how they would chip teeth in that manner.
Nuns
Being a lefty is an advantage.  To fit in to societies we learn to do things right handed. By nature we have already mastered it lefthanded.      I have seen both lefties and right-handed persons injured.  And the lefty alway exhibits an easier ability to adapt to it.
One day we shall rise up, my leftie brethren. The world shall feel our pain of being unable to use scissors and having ink smeared from pinky to wrist.
Oh, I totally believe it with regards to lefties having a physical advantage in combat. If you’re a lefty, you not only the advantage of surprise to most other challengers, your dominant side also has the advantage of power into the opponent’s liver—an absolutely debilitating blow to a sensitive (and large) target.
I am left handed. Do everything left handed except use my mouse to the computer, which I had to train myself to be comfortable with that. Still can use it with my left and be comfortable but I keep it on the right side to be courteous to others who want to use it behind me. The only other two things I do comfortably with my right side is kicking a ball and batting right handed.
It’s a known fact, Lefties are better at sex!
I wanna give a shoutout to all my right-handed brother and sisters worldwide
ouch i scraped my teeth. haha...
I'm right-hand dominant and left leg dominant. What would this mean? what genetic advantage would this be?
Still have my TWrecks poster from Western Digs :D
Why are some people right-handed and left-footed? As I am.
i second that left handed or left footed people have  lot of advantages , especially with sports , they also learned sports a lot faster than most right handed . but they were so few of them .
Left handed gang wya
I was supposed to be left handed but my mom saw that as bad luck and forced me to use only right
How can you say _70 to 95%_ of us, to be _exact_ ?
If handedness is related to bipedalism, does this mean that T. rex was also handed??  :-)
I dunno; my dog is a right-paw dog. If he approaches a bush from the left, he looks confused until he turns around and lifts his right paw.
If you can't find the gene for hand preference then hand preference doesn't exist. It doesn't matter how much evidence you have. Or wait is that just for IQ?
I use both 3 of my hands.
I mainly use my left hand while using a knife.  I grew up with a left handed potato peeler. (Right side was dull)
I’m lefty, my brother and sister are lefty only one siblings is rightly. My mom is lefty but my sister has a different mom. I’m sure a study from my family would be reviling
Where my lefty ppl at? We r da best 😎😎😎😎
Wow great question that no one really ever thinks to ask!
A certain course of medication somehow changed me from right handed to left-handed for years while I was on it. It was not that I just used my left hand as my dominant hand and found many right handed actions hard to do with my right hand but that I also thought  differently. I processed information differently.  I literally saw the world differently. So to me handedness is not just a matter of how you reach for or throw a ball, it's the entire approach to the world.
when i see someone who is left handed i turn round and ask them " so how long have you been left handed then my friend?" to which i wait for their reply.... ha!! and as you can imagine i get a few different replies/responses should i say!!  they end up laughing in the end (once the penny has dropped!!)
I love being left handed and being more unique with better edges
I am lefty, I just learnt to write with my right hand and hold bat in my right hand from my early childhood. But when I kick the football, I use left leg. Also use left hand to do baby-freeze & side-chair.
i work in the auto trade  as a lefty i was surprised  that a high % of my co-workers were lefties to i guess we do like to work with our hands more and in school we were forced to use our right right hand more,  way back when as well
My parents are both left handed, while my sister and I are both right handed.
I use to practice fencing in my jouth, i'm rigth handed. Left handed are supose to be more dificult to beet, when i get in a mach with a lefth handed and i didn't realy that, i always win and fast, the moment i realy they were left handed i couldn't make a score. I haven't understand this way in me.
I've never been so interested yet uncomfortable with anything like the image of cave people accidentally scratching their teeth with rocks.
I drive with my left, but I think that’s just because in America, we drive on the left side of the car. I do write with my right though. I kick with my left foot though lol.
One big difference between us and chimps is we can throw overhead. Our shoulders are fundamentally different. Now if we were hunting with overhead throws of rocks, sticks, spears etc. we get back to square #1 , that is that the better at acquiring food you are the better you are at raising a successful family and you will teach your successful hunting skills to the next generation. Others in your tribe will copy your success , mimicking your actions perhaps even down to which hand you use.  It is possible that was  the case, and if so you pass a skill along over a million generations that is learned my visual observation and mimicry you could argue that you should expect similar hand use possibly to the point that dominance becomes genetic.
I'm both left handed and left-footed. I wonder how many left-handed people are left-side dominant?
Both my dad and my older sister are left-handed. I wanted to be left-handed so badly when I was a kid. 😅
I found your video interesting because of my own experiences. When I use swords left handed I have a very technical style and right handed I am very aggressive. It's like I fence left handed but fight right handed.
Fighting is easier left handed. U can always use your left hand to block the incoming dominate hand punch of the other guy and then bc of your already inside their guard u have a clear unguarded and usually imbalanced shot to their face. I think it's a big reason why lefties are counter punchers.  It's almost easy if you can keep a clear head.
I’m just a lefty
I’m a lefty, and my dad thinks he may have been born a lefty, but abuse by the nuns in Catholic school forced him to be righty. He still was better batting lefty when playing baseball though. (I still play guitar and bass righty, but I am better playing drums lefty, which is why I don’t really play drums (no one wants me to reverse their well set up kit, lol.)
I’m left handed as long as I have to do anything that requires me to hold anything like a pencil or do anything with a writing motion.  I’m also left handed if I have to swing anything like a bat or a golf club.    But other than that I do everything else with me right hand.    If I’m using a baseball mitt, I would wear a mitt on my left hand and throw with my right hand.   I actually prefer using my right hand when I do anything else.
My sister is left handed . I heard that left handers have brain damage .
So why can't we study left handed people, so that people that have injuries to the dominant side can use the left side. You'd probably have to look & the type of injury. And have a specialist dide the best way forward. DNA Editing, or brain implants to excite or trigger the left side of the brain to become more dominant. Maybe they could even study a group that is by dextrous to find out what gives that special ability. I'm almost betting it has to do with the Brain. Also if they have Nerve Damage as I do what about a Nano chip to get the affected area to start functioning like it used to.
In modern day humans we select our dominant hand early in life when we learn to write. (For the most part). I'm right handed, but I play ice hockey and lacrosse left, and all other sports right, including golf. I think I know why, but I won't bore you. One tiny tid bit. I was a drummer. Better than average, but more so average. Really good drummers have tested to be more evenly brained.
There are probably more left handed people than we know about, for example, I am left handed but due to my preschool teachers insistence that there was no such thing as a left handed person I was taught to be right handed, I was a teenager before my baseball coach observed that something wasn't quite right, thirty years later there are still some things I do right handed such as writing,
I’m a true left handed, but, I play golf right handed.
Interestingly im naturally right handed yet when i had to develop my left side learning drums and martial arts and in those fields my left side became more precise and effective than the right with these specialized tasks...im syill right with most tasks but closer to ambidexterity.
I believe you are incorrect, the marks on the teeth are from a sharp flint knife cutting off bite size pieces of food while it was held in their mouth... Paper plates hadn't been invented yet :-)
It's all rather simple: we lefties were meant to rule the world.
We won, leftybros
❤️
I am the only left handed left in  my house
I have two of my 5 sons that are left handed. Both my wife and myself are right handed. In my studies I found out that lefties on average have higher IQ's. And both of my left handed boys have IQ's over 125. None for my 4 girls are left handed.
When I was a kid, I thought being left handed was uncool so I trained myself to use my right hand.
Left-handed people represent about 10% of the world's population.  I ambidextrous as were my mother and her father.  Ambidextrous people represent 1% of the world's population.  Many people are ambidextrous in many ways but can't use their dominant hand for writing, detailed work, etc.   My grandfather, mother, one of her brothers, and I were completely ambidextrous, writing, drawing, painting, etc.  That said, I shoot a gun left-handed because I am left eye dominant, not because of anything to do with my hands.  My grandfather, mother and one of her three brothers and I are were all left eye dominant and ambidextrous. My mom's sister and two of her brothers were right eyes dominant and right-handed as was my grandmother.   My dad's grandparents, parents, sisters, brother, nieces, nephews, and that entire side of the family never had a left-handed or ambidextrous member from my great grandparents down.
Dammit   I guess I’m not a human  I’m left handed.
My youngest brother is left handed and right footed. Go figure?!?
Because it is easier reaching out things with right hand, if you are rightie will notice this, do the test.
So to boil the 10 minute video down into three words: WE DON'T KNOW.  How enlightening! Got any *other* complete ignorance you'd like to wrap an advert around?
I am left handed.  According to my mother I was the first left handed person in our family.  When I started school I had a horrible teacher that would hit my tiny left hand with a paddle multiple times a day trying to make me write with my right hand.  This went on for several weeks until my mother finally went to school and had it stopped.  I had no left handed siblings, cousins, aunts, uncles or grandparents.  Now though, I have a left handed grandson and a left handed granddaughter.  They are sister and brother.  How cool is that!
I am right handed but I also have OCD, my ocd is mostly left hand prominent
Left handed advantage in fencing is actually insane. It's not about surprise, it's about having to invert all your well trained motions when fighting a left-handed person.
my dad writes with his left, but does almost everything else with his right, and my (maternal) grandma is the opposite
I am technically ambidextrous, just have never had any practice with it cause when I was young one of my teachers noticed and told me not to do that. I am mad at that teacher
I have a coordination problem my hands dont differentiate in function! Its an embryonic development problem! Which leads to degenerative arthritis! How different my life would have been if i could have used my hands to act differently simultaneously!
"70 to 95% to be exact" ... exact?
Me,who’s left handed:sweats
This video has really cheered me up, thank you and greetings from Croatia!
Totally ambidextrous here. I cannot eat, write, brush my teeth or thread a needle with my right hand. Conversely, I cannot throw a ball, swing a bat or golf club or bowl with my left hand. Hand tools fall in the middle with success on either side. Oh, and I can write on a chalk board (remember those?) with my right hand more easily than my left.
A true boxer will know to keep stepping on the right as you throw to land on a southpaw (lefty).   And spar with southpaws any momment they can to help make it as much second nature as possible
In soccer I’m left footed but boxing I’m right handed
So what's the lateralisation of the brain in someone who is ambidextrous? Is it almost non-existent, if Left handed people have reduced?
Biggest lefty complaint for me is hoses and extension cords....trying to rewind them is an exercise in patients....AAARRRGGGHHH!
I am right handed. Being a painter & decorator I became ambidextrous. Reach out both sides to paint the skirting board.
So 5% of humans are left-handed. I also learned that 2% of us have green eyes. My son is both green eyed and left-handed. I wonder how rare that is to be both.
The heart is on the left, so being right handed keeps your heart further away from what you're punching...
*AMBIDEXTROUS GANG???* *WHERE YOU AT*
Leftie gang 😤🤙🏾
“There’s no right way to be a human.”  As a lefthander, I disagree.
If we found out why kangaroos favour their left, we would know more about why we favour our right side.
100% speculation = science...whats new
I'm right handed but cross eye dominate
Did anyone else’s parents/parent encourage use from force and discipline with right hand from an early age? Before moving in with stepdad I used both hands pretty equal... My grandad on my dads side before he died could write just as neat and looked the same with each.
Ok. TY. If I am right-handed, & left brain dominated,...which side of the brain is associated with Creativity? I’ve always thought I was more creatively driven. I AM an Artist.
I wonder if men, and people from families with Lefties, tend to be Lefties more often not because of biological influences, but cultural ones. Maybe more families let their sons use their left hands, while more strongly influencing their daughters to use their right. Maybe families with Lefties are more lenient to let their children use their left hands; or maybe their kids simply see it and imitate it, and find that it works! Can't ever discount cultural influences!
I learnt to write with the left hand, but I often hold my knive in the left hand. I wonder if in my case I would have become a left handed person without the biased education.
I’m left handed
left handed people are whack
Horses too have preferences. Ask any advanced horse rider who competes in barrel racing or pole bending and they can tell you any given horse will run the event better, and faster, if they can bend round the barrels in their perfected direction. That's why, if you watch professional barrel racing, some riders will run the pattern in the opposite direction than most.
im lefhaded for writing and eating but for majority of sports im righthanded. everybody in my close family is righthanded.
What a lovely way to end the video..  "There's no 'right' way to be human"
So we have learned how and why we got primarily right handed, why we lost most of our hair. But maybe it would be a great subject for a future video about why our facial hair can grow so long. What's the evolutionary benefit of that?
Well that was disappointing and clickbait-y. Maybe this maybe that maybe this other thing.
But that hurts right? Getting scratched teeth, looks painful 😣
I am left handed but decided to learn to write with my right just in case something happened to my left hand. In Facts I needed to use my right hand as I had an problem with my left. Left handed people are much more skillful ?
well...you said homo sapiens, so I have to chime in.  I think, given our consistent mismanagement of things in general,  that we, being in charge of these naming conventions,  need to drop the "sapiens" (wise) part and replace it with merely  "sentiens" (aware)
Most musicians that play stringed instruments, like guitar, are right-handed but finger the notes with the left hand. It seems counter intuitive.  Fingering the notes and chords, playing fast runs, etc., would seem to be something we'd want to do with our dominant hand.  Of course, left-handers finger with their right hand, such as Paul McCartney.
I have heard that ~50% of elite fencers are lefties, because only elite righties can fight them effectively.
meoow
My mom’s left handed lol
I’m a true ambidextrous.
that one time when you meet a righty and the handshake gets awkward...
So you didn't actually explain HOW or WHY.
I am left handed
This was pretty neat, in my family my dad is a lefty and mom was a righty, my three sisters are right handed and my brother and I use our left hands for specific tasks, I use my left hand mostly for utensil usage and writing while my brother uses it mostly for sports, just find that really interesting haha, my brother was able to block a lot of people playing basketball growing up despite being shorter than most of the people around us.
I genuinely wonder if more kids would be ambidextrous if they saw it modeled more often. I'm left-handed, but swing a golf club and baseball bat right handed.
I’m glad PBS brought left handed problems to the forefront with this video. Lefties struggle for years in school due to all the writing they have to do. This can negatively impact grades and production speed so I think schools should start allowing left handed kids to use laptops instead.
Di Stéfano, Cruyff, Maradona and Messi all left footed. That's massive already.
The main problem with being left handed is school. I could never see what I was writing till after I moved down a line on the paper, and it would get smudged all over my hand. Writing forward is harder too. Then there’s instruments, door knobs, scissors, vehicles, and a whole plethora of other bs that we have to navigate. But at least we got fighting and beer pong on our side 💀
"Take something like cutting up a carrot..." Said just as I am cutting up a carrot
Of course Kangaroos would be Lefties... they are Southpaws.
My brother and his wife are both left handed. All of their children are right handed. Myself and my ex are both right handed, and it seems my 3 year old is left handed (at least when eating and drawing)
Their answer:  People are right handed because that side of brain is associated with tool use.
We lefties can be keenly aware of the amount of right handedness...every pen chained to a bank teller window is chained to the right side, and we lefties end up signing through a chain laying on the document :D
I broke my right hand when I was learning to write and ended up switching to my left. Like I do everything with the left now.
My mother (born in '64) was a leftie and in school she was forced to learn to use only her right hand. Coincidence?!
I'm proudly a left handed person.
What i would like to know is when the human species lost the baculum and why?
I'm a righty but my main sparring partner is a lefty.  I can certainly attest to the fact that it gave him a huge leg up against most people because his style was so different.  However, since I trained with him all the time I was used to it and he lacked the surprise advantage against me.  I did, however, have to omit some moves from my repertoire that worked great against other righties but didn't work against him because I couldn't mirror it.  This included one of my favorites (something I blended from both Aikido and Boxing) that in our larger group was kind of seen as my signature move for a while but I couldn't use against him.  He expressed annoyance that he couldn't get to practice a counter against it, but from my perspective the fact that he was a lefty was taking one of my best moves out of my toolkit.
Hmm..interesting. Thank you YouTube algorithm.
Worried you aren't normal because you are left handed? Simply look in the mirror while holding a pen and hey presto! You are no longer a freak.
The Beatles actually had two lefties. Paul McCartney is obviously left handed and plays left handed basses and guitars. Ringo Starr is also left handed although he plays a right handed drum set.
A former nun school teacher made my mom right handed by hitting her whenever she used  her left
My other is left handed. She taught me things left handed. I'm still right handed.
@eons this one you did not get rite. You stretched so much the dialogue due to the lack of material and repeated the same idea. I like your stuff generally, keep up the good  work.
I've always been blown away listening to Jimi Hendrix knowing all those chops came from his left hand. I get that he was a lefty so that was natural for him but it always added to the mystique of his incredible playing, being that I'm a righty.
I hold things with my mouth too. I must be a neanderthal.
Yea I’m right handed for life
My right handed brother has 10 children all of whom are lefties.. 🤯
Over many years and many observations, I see female cats have right dominance, whilst male cats have left.
I sit down to eat and I take the fork with a left hand and i place it in a right hand. I then hold the peace of meat with a fork while i cut it with a knife in a left hand. When the task is done, I have to put the knife down, take the fork back in the left hand and only then I can put it in the mouth. And people wonder why it takes me so long to finish a meal xD
Horses have a natural asymmetry. They have a hollow and a stiff side. They prefer the direction of the hollow side when going in a circle. It’s important to know when riding. Fun fact: some say the side the mane falls is the hollow side. It’s certainly true for the horses I know.
My father is left handed and when i was a child i got confused a lot about right hand/left hand and would switch them up and use both for everything until i got to school and people pressured me to only use my right hand. Right now i can still write and do a lot of stuff instinctively with my left hand but my right one is def dominant
Would gravity play a role? Like how water swirls one way depending on the hemisphere. Kangaroo developed on the southern and we on the northern. Idk just a thought.
CROSS DOMINANT/ MIXED HANDED gang?  PS- my fathers side of the family is all cross dominant, i wonder why is it so? If anyone has any idea, please reply.
I’m left handed HAHA regular people
I both love and hate being left handed
being born three months premature I'm a very sinister individual due to the fact I'm left handed and in the second year of Primary School my entire class was lefthanded
didnt they in the old days force left handed people to be right heanded?
*ahem the jolly heretic has something to say on the argument of left handedness lol
I felt that  part about scraping their teeth.
Well you can be right or wrong end of story
I am left handed but do a number of things right handed since I was a kid and it never made sense.  I use a mouse with my right hand, its weird I can play FPS games that require fine motor skills with my right hand, but I can't even write my name legibly right handed.  I play pool right handed, meaning my left hand makes the bridge and my right moves the cue.  I learned guitar (hero) right handed.  But I was completely left hand dominate playing sports and couldn't even do a proper smooth right handed layup where you jump off the left foot.  In bowling when I tried to go right handed for fun, my footwork was backward and I struggled to not trip over my feet.  Just something about rotating my body counterclockwise (right handed) for a punch, swing, throw, etc that shuts down my motor system.
I'm a lefty and proud of it. 😁
Left handers have many disadvantages, like most of the products we use are designed to be used from right hand The most common is writing
Me, My brother, two best friends, and the new guy I trained at work today are all left handed. No one in our immediate family or relatives are left handed
yes, this is why we’re right handed 😐
My grandpa , mom and my brother are left handed.
I'm mostly left handed, but when writing with my right hand I find it easier to write backwards as it's simple mirroring of the movement, so less thinking than writing forwards with the other hand. It's still much slower than I can write left handed forwards or backwards though. Slow drying ink meant that left handedness was a disadvantage when learning to write back in the days of fountain pens as a left hander's hand would rub the ink before it was dry. How writing was done in languages written right to left like Hebrew and the origins of the writing direction in the first place would be an interesting question to look at too.
Broke my dominant hand yesterday, thank Ishtar for living in a community.
Me who is ambidextrous/left handed: 😏😎
Maybe it's the other way around, bipedal animals don't need all 4 limbs to be coordinated with precision
I really like that jacket
Me, father of 3 daughters: 2 daughters with left hand.
If you clean an animal skin without stretching it on a frame it's easier to hold one end between your knees or feet so I'm not sure why any primitive people would use their teeth, where it would also be harder to see if you've cleaned it properly.
So am i disabled? If so then I’m definitely going to be caging in that check
Ambidextrous Person: Go on... tell me more about these mortals🤨
I'm thinking about what caused the mutation in the first place, maybe the asymmetrical place of the heart irrigates blood easier or with more nutrients to the left side with a minor difference but still enough to make a small impact on the development of the brain and thus prioritizing the tasks which takes the best path possible. I don't know, I'm not a biologist, I'm a psychologist. Greetings from México.
My theory is that left handed people were community tool makers, and would produce mostly right handed tools for their community. However due to necessity of economics, the quality of such tools were of inferior quality to specialized or personal tools which they would produce for themselves. The ability to build personal tools of superior quality, and by extent holding these objectively better well crafted tools, gave tool makers more renown and respect within the community which directly led to more successful mating practices (evolutionary fitness). Full disclosure, I am biased AF (left handed and have picked up mirror writing pretty easily).
Me...a person who has "fine motor skills" in neither hand
Something I'm kinda curious about now is: since the vast majority of the population is right-handed, how did languages that are written right-to-left develop. Wouldn't it make writing slightly more difficult, especially with inks?
I remember one of my friends.. she could write very well with both hands. During the exams, she would fucking switch the hands when one hand is tired, how cool is that ? In the exam hall, I would be waiting for her to switch the hand instead of writing my own paper.
The Right Privilege is loud in here
Being a lefty has always sucked, especially when your young, bloody fountain pens smear, the scissors aint for you etc. hahahah
You really think they were accidentally scratching their own teeth with a rock? Like, it wasn't somehow caused by the hide slipping or something? Just seems unlikely that our ancestors would smash their teeth that reliably.
Left handedness may have a few advantages, until you are buying; golf clubs, fishing rods, a baseball glove, a gun, a holster, a sleeping bag, certain pieces of clothing, and desks. That's without mentioning the social difficulties, like wear to sit at dinner.
Why does this have 666K views🥵
There was a Royal Navy officer who could draw the fuel system of aeroplanes with either hand ,AT THE SAME TIME. and when plotting tables became plexiglass, several  ratings taught themselves to write backwards so whilst standing behind the plot those 8n front would be able to read it
I was explaining to my grandson why our motor skills have a smart side and a not as smart side. It has to do with our ability to use language. Processing sounds and visual symbols for language need to be quick and extensive. This works best if this process is concentrated in one of the brain hemispheres. The side that is dominant for language is not as good at motor skills. This tradeoff seems to be good of survival.
My son was born prematurely, and we were told that the earlier a child is born, the more likely they will become left handed. We noticed pretty early that he was going to be a lefty.
"...the only species on Earth today that's so strongly [selectively] handed,..."  3:16  *Several species of crustacean have entered the chat*
When I was young my Dad tried making me play the guitar right handed when I'm a lefty. It was frustrating and he would become angry. I developed a stutter and he had to quit. This was a long time ago and even though I have overcome most of it, sometimes it still peeks from around the corner. Hate it.
I have always been hardcore ambidextrous. When I was learning to write in school I would start with my left hand and then switch to my right hand about half way across the page. My teacher made me choose so I write with my right hand now. I still do everything else with both hands and it has always been an advantage for me, mostly in sports. People when they notice always ask when they see me switch hands while eating, preparing food, throwing and doing things like that.
idea: You an only throw one spear at a time/you get Moree force from a manipulated object when using one arm rather than both. So indvuals with hand preference might've been better hunters. As they built up the bone thickness in one arm and got really good at hunting wait that arm. Leading to them living longer and mating more.   Mean while chimps need both arms equally to swing through trees.
Lefty here... COME AT ME BRO!!!
My uncle is left-handed, and he can play right-handed guitars left-handedly if that makes sense. Like, he can flip the guitar over so his right hand is on the frets and his left hand is strumming, and then he can _invert the chord shapes in his head in real time_ and play the guitar upside down. It's kinda crazy honestly.
Me, a leftie: Maybe I am a kangaroo.
Spoiler:  the answer to the title is... because your ancestors were. Dang, I was hoping for some actual info.
I'm left handed and therefore closer to becoming monke
I say burn all of the left-handers!
7:26 im sorry. but I cant accept the hypothesis that the reason why an advantage was NOT naturally selected because it WAS an advantage and if it became popular then it wouldnt be an advantage any longer in a population. how does that even work?  "Im sorry, you have to die right now even though you have an survival advantage above others because if you were allowed to survive, your advantage will dilute the advantage of others thus making everyone less likely to survive".  Its like the very opposite of the theory of natural selection. Now if there was evidence that handed-ness changed from left to right thoughout history because of that minority advantage, that would be different.
Why are they so certain that the scratches on teeth come from cleaning skins? Wouldn't it be likely the scratches came from primitive teeth cleaning?
I see it more as one hand is nomadic one hand is sedentary.
you lost me when you said "study" and "MMA" in the same sentence 🤦‍♂️     JK. Great video as always.
my mom gave me a left handed pen once. She said it was designed by nasa for use in space. But the ink dried fast so you didn't smudge it while dragging your hand through it! Just one of the many pains living in a right handed world.
Damn son that is fascinating
Is it more in men than women because they have XY chromosomes and women have XX. So if theres a mutation in X in women the other X can correct it but in men theres no other X to fix it.
I always feel bad for lefty guitarists not alot of instrument choices out there, and I would guess that proper setup, technique and feel is almost impossible to get right because all the instructions will be inverted from a right hand player. even for a seasoned right hand player the feeling is completely alien holding a left-handed instrument and it is very challenging to teach a new player good technique compounding the issue of lack of choice and poor setups on budget instruments manufactured primarily by people who don't play left handed.
Evolutionary perfectionism
I would state that I'm right handed, as I write and draw (as an artist) with my right hand. However, I eat with my left hand, which makes me think I might actually be left-handed, but was trained to use my right hand - though I don't remember any insistence by my parents or teachers to use one hand over the other. I would also say that I am a right brained focused thinker. Yes I use my left brain for all the repetitive tasks and logic relying on the left brain. I am an artist, and a creative problem solver, relying on the intuition, and an understanding of the underlying connections in all things. I'm more balanced in handedness than most, but am not ambidexterous.
I am left handed. That was a great video, I sometimes feel weird about being left handed.
Fun fact: Most people commenting are right handed!  🤚
I'm right hand dominant, left eye dominant when shooting and prefer southpaw when fighting, although I can fight in an orthodox stance as well...what's up with that? Ha interesting vid 👍
Fascinating video, but humans did not "split with chimpanzees".   Humans and chimpanzees have a common ancestor which was neither human or chimpanzee.
If you're a fighter, your mode to reaction isn't the same as an untrained participant. Time literally slows down in the mind of a trained fighter.🤣Had to mention that. I'm not looking for a strike to come from where it usually does, I'm looking for the initiation of a strike. I wish people would stop speaking authoritatively on fighting from the POV of the hobbyist. Its destroying the practice.
We lefties have quite a big advantage in most sports :D I know it used to throw off my opponents in pink ponk. While I was used to playing against right handed people, they weren’t used to playing against left handed.
Things I learned: Homohabilis probably wore cloths 1.8 million years ago.
I wish I was ambidextrous
I have a friend who writes, sews, cooks left handed but bowls right handed. 🤷🏼‍♀️
it´s a bit frustrating as a left-handed to always have incomplete, scarce data on the science behind being lefty, simply because it is not a focus of any sort of serious and comprehensive study. =(
I ignored my teacher that tried to make me right handed. I am also left eye dominate. We are pre wired when we are born.
I was the only left handed kid in my 1st grade class. The other kids wondered why I always had lead pencil stains on my hand. Right handers don’t know our struggle.
Don’t insult us.  It’s where the gear shift knob is located.
Do otters have hand prefrence?
This makes my twin brothers more interesting cause they both are different with being handed lol one is left handed and the other is right handed 😎
I won't even lie, being left handed makes me feel special. Haha
I still use my teeth as a third hand some time...
Lefties are literally mutants wtf
What I always thought was weird is that when playing guitar, you use your non-dominant hand for (what I would consider, at least) the more difficult task.
both my parents are left handed and both me and my sister are left handed
Bottom line: you righties are a dime a dozen, but us lefties are rare and valuable 😆😆👍
99% of people have a dominant hand. ~25% somehow claim to be ambidextrous. those people^ are narcissistic liars.
I'm actually a left handed before but my grandma always spank may left hand when Im using it when writing and eating with spoon left hand lol and viola 😂 I'm now right handed
Wrong
showing an accurate and deep understanding; great perceptive. 💡  Muito obrigado for all the insightful information. 🤝
left handed here
Lmao my ambidexterity always pissed off my pre-school teachers.  "NOOO! YOU CAN'T USE THOSE SCISSORS WITH YOUR LEFT HAND! USE THESE ONES!"  "Ok.....My left hand is getting tired. I'll just switch."  "REEEEEE"
TLDR: We were right-handed since a long time, left-handed people came because they had some advantages which got smaller if there were too many of lefties.
I know someone who could use both left and right, been wanting to see if they could write with both hands at the same time.
I AM SPECIAL EVERYONE BOW AT MY LEFT HAND.
Im ambisinister.
I know a lot of right handed people might take it for granted, but skills can be harder to learn from someone who uses the opposite hand. Maybe learning how to use tools favored right handed people because the ones teaching the skills were right handed.. I think of it like when I learned how to throw a punch. It was harder for me(lefty) because I had to "convert" what I am seeing in a mirror, sort of way. Throwing a spear or skinning hide could have had the same effect. It was just harder, so less survived, causing right handed people to thrive over left handed people.
Sorry...I don't see why anyone would scrape rocks across their teeth repeatedly. I know they're not the smartest people who ever lived but that's a good way to slice your lips off.
I use both, but I've found I'm better with my left hand if I use my left eye and I'm better with my right hand if I use my right eye. Of course most common tools are right handed so that forces me to use my right hand a lot more than I would.
When you're both right and left handed
Just so you know, female house cats tend to be left-pawed. Male cats... right.
I can use both my hands. It comes handly at times.
When you can use both hands 😁✨
My grandpa was born left handed but forced to use his right hand throughout school. I still notice his scrappy handwriting and he still tries to use his right hand to write.
I am left handed!!! yay.. I am also a fighter. ;)
Stopped watching after 15 seconds, when he was talking about ONE Neanderthal hunter, had a picture of a MAN with a beard, and kept referring to him as "they," "their," "them." I have a new pronoun for the narrator and producers: F. U.
No wonder! Someone hired a psychologist or took the course of psychology? Roots matter. Now about women...?
I'm left handed and learning to write using pen and ink made me realise that life was going to have its challenges given that written English, like most languages, goes from left to write.  So I'd repeatedly push the nib into the paper then when I'd finally written something immediately smudge it by moving my hand over it (and it didn't help that that the inkwell was top right of the desk).  Everyday I'd go home looking as if I'd been dyed in woad.  But this made me wonder why a few languages such as Hebrew and Arabic are written right to left and whether any of this had anything to do with handedness.  Can anyone enlighten me? -
I am lefthanded
Can someone explain to me why most right handed people hold the fork in their lef hand then? To me the fork is the most important part of the pair since that is what is bringing the food to my mounth. The knife only needs to be shuwed forward and backwards, nothning complicated at all. Yet im almost alone in holding the fork in my dominant right hand.
Wow this is on trending!
Altho the tendency of lefties to use both hemispheres more than righties was mentioned, not mentioned was  how few lefties are truly right hemisphere- dominant, as opposed to righties who are all left hemisphere dominant.
Not me searching for left handed people wherever I go
everyone in my family is left handed except for my mom. when i was little she tried to make me be right handed which i think was very evil of her because being left handed is one of my favorite things about myself lol  also schools will try and make lefties be righties because its 'easier' to be a right handed person or something? idk about that but that may impact the lefty population since its not fully genetic..
I can't cut with scissors or knifes, write, or play guitars and similar instruments with my right hand but I can use a bow and arrow, gun (not a rifle though for some reason), sword, and play the flute right handedly. I'm still considered left handed though because of the whole writing thing.
Ambidextrous gang wya
Must suck to left handed and play video games
Religions beating left-handed people into becoming right-handed
I'm lefty, as are both my parents. But, all three of my son's are righty.😢
Interesting 🤔
I had a cat that was clearly left paw dominant.
The main thing I took away from this is that being left-handed makes you more unique, more versatile, more adaptable, more able to evenly use your brain, and more likely to win a fight. Sounds good to me!
"... better coordination, memory and verbal skills."  I must be the most talentless lefty around. Feelsbadman
I'd be interested in a segment on eye dominance. I'm right handed, but left eyed. It screws with hand-eye coordination.
Why do right-handed people use LEFT leg to leap (jump) ? Wouldn't the right leg be more logical ?
man that's a cool coat
When you notice all the lefties in Hollywood (you will never un-notice this) the whole "memory" aspect make sense
So we're mutants...I knew it!
So, how many thousands of years did it take Neanderthals to learn to cut away from yourself when using sharp tools?
I am a lefty
I only write with my left hand i do everything else with my right
My dad, younger brother, younger sister, granddaughter and myself are all left handed
I taught my son to read and write pre-school. I'm left handed, he just naturally copied me. However, it seems he's more naturally right handed. Now, as a dentist his ability to swap sides or hands appears to help him a little.
top 5% of the population baby
I thought we could blame the Catholic church for calling the Left the "devil's" hand.
Now tell me why my right not is lower than my left🤔
i can use both hands to do things but im mostly left handed what does that mean?
I’m a very weird one. Like my brain never decided which hand was more dominant.   For sports, I throw, golf, bat and play tennis lefty. But underhand things (bowling, softball), I have to use my right hand. I write right-handed. I kick with my right foot.  Box as a righty.   But I can do most things both ways. I remember as a kid if I was quarterback and I rolled left, I’d throw lefty. If I rolled right, I threw righty. I also started golf right-handed and can still beat people “off-hand”. Never got very good at switch hitting in baseball though (but I could still hit). Also used to use two forehands in tennis. The left became more dominant though as I went through puberty.   The weirdest thing (to me) is how I drink a beverage and smoke a cigarette left-handed, I use utensils with my right.   The human brain. What a wonderful thing.   🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️
Because our ancestors most likely used their right hands and left handed people are disgusting offshoots of us right handed folk. I say we exterminate the left handed vermin and restore humanity to its peak.
Being ambidextrous I never knew this was an actual thing until I grew up, I use to think people were messing with me when they would see me switch hands. Like you mean to tell me one side of your body is stronger?! Y’all are the weird ones turns out I’m in the 1% and didn’t even realize it
I’m a lefty
Fun fact: birds are mostly left handed.
I used to work woth horses and i do find horses have a handed ness . they prefer to lead with one foot when they walk trot n stuff. And tend to be more ... Agile ? Willling? I guess on their more dominant side
I really love your videos, particularly "the two people we are all related to."   Respectfully, this video doesn't really discuss WHY right-handedness is more dominant. It explains why left-handedness can be an advantage in interactive sports. It doesn't explain why some animals have hand dominance and some do not.
Human evolve to throw rock, human evolve to throw rock with one hand, dominant hand time
RIGHT HAND GANG?
My dad is left handed and my mom is right handed. When I was little I could do pretty much everything with both hands, but as I got older, I adopted using my right hand for most things. I can still do a lot with my left hand, though. Like using forks and knives and brushing my teeth. Little stuff.
To be honest, this really didn't answer to the question How Humans Became Right-Handed. It just gave some ideas that how it might have happen and that most people are right-handed. I'm left handed, not totally dominant with it tho. I do lots of things with both hands or with right hand too.
Being predominantly left-handed when everything is set up for right-hand people gives you the advantage because you learn how to use both hands at the same time. Plus left-handed people appear naturally physically stronger than someone who is right-hand because of the ability to use both hands equally. I am left-handed and there are many things that I can much easier than right-handed people but there isn't a lot of things that are difficult for me to do compared to right-handed people.
Born left handed and have been ambidextrous my entire life as the world is built for right handed people. I can write far faster and much better with my left hand I typically avoid using my right hand for most things unless when it comes to shooting my ambidextrous ability gives me a massive advantage over most shooters because I can comfortable lean around cover swapping hands and stances without even thinking about it but a right handed person typically doesn't train left handed which leaves them at a massive disadvantage during drills as they typically over expose themself trying to shoot around a corner that only a left handed or ambidextrous shooter should attempt
Lefties sit on the corner at the diner  Table . Elbow's 😂😜🤣😜
Lefties unite!
Hey guys, quick suggestion: put the name of the host on a lower third in the beginning of the video. I had to wait for the credits to know his name ;)
If the presence of the "tool usage" part of our brain on its left side made most of us right handed, what about left handed people?  1. Is that part of their brain on their right side? Or 2. Do they have slightly less dexterity compared to right handed people when using tools because their hand movements are mostly controlled by the right but the tool usage part of the brain is on the left?
Did you know that parrots also have ‘handed-ness’? Parrots handle objects and tools with their extremely dexterous feet, and almost all have a preference as well! If you have a pet bird you should observe it and see what foot is dominant. Me and my parakeet are both lefties 🦜✋🤚
Leftie gangggg- we’re just built different 😤😤😤
Any lefty knows the struggles of writing in school.
OMG I'm right wing too
I am a 80% lefty now, when younger I was more 60/40. There are a few things I have noticed though. My right arm is more dominant, but my left hand is more dominant. My right arm is stronger but I have more dexterity with my left hand. I have better rhythm with my right arm than my left. There are some things I can only due with my right arm. Shooting a weapon or playing pool. Doing those two things also seems to infer that I am right eye dominant in some ways as well. As for legs im still about 50/50 split. I put my pants on starting with either leg no problem, can hop jump etc with either leg.
My dad is lefty and my oldest son of 2. I question if I was born lefty. At age 3 I broke my left elbow and was in a cast 6 weeks. Enough time to learn to use my right.  But I cant even fathom using my left. But technically my left elbow is still broken at 39y because the doctor didn't set my elbow properly and its still double jointed.
They became right handed ever since they were walking upRIGHT!!!....   🤣
I find the precise censorship on the CGI images very funny. XD
Religion can also be a factor for letting people use their right hand more than the left. For example, in Islam it teaches that you should eat only with your right hand and leave your left hand to clean your bottom. These teachings have been passed down for 1400 years and there is around a billion Muslims on this earth, so I guess you could say 1/7th of the population of the earth is right handed because of cultural and religious teachings that have been passed down for generations.  (I know a lot of people disagree with religion and believe in science. That's totally fine, I believe us humans should respect and love each other no matter how different our looks or beliefs might be.)
My generation discouraged kids using their left hand. Being an obedient boy I did my best especially when learning to write. Still have horrible handwriting and accident prone. Where's the study that documents the affects of lefties being forced to be right handed?
I am left handed (and footed ?). I remember struggling with using (right hand) scissors at the age of 4, and later on with cutting, with knifes that were sharp on the wrong side.....but you learn. I write and throw balls with my left hand, and kick a ball with my left leg. But I could not go back to cut and use scissor with my left hand....I think, once you learn, it gets imprinted. What about the BA44 ......is it on right side of my brain because I'm left handed? Or is  it still on the left side and forcing the two brain parts work together? Btw you didn't mention the average higher IQ among the left-handed.
I'm right handed, but when I play soccer or do any other thing I kick/use my left leg, so I guess I use  very well both sides of my brain?
It ocurred several times in my chilldhood. Everyone liked to write on the blackboard while expecting for the teacher to arrive in class, and sometimes i would write, but one time everyone stood still and watched me write on the board and they were all mindblowned, but i didnt understood why, until one of them asked me if i had became right handed since i was writing perfectly with my right hand, and when i saw what i was doing, i tried again and i couldnt write since i was not distracted anymore. Isnt our brain misterious? Well as i grew older i started to be more "right handed" naturaly, but i still would like to know why i could write with my right hand only when i was distracted.
Being a Leftie is fine for me until I went to school where their armchairs only have a right arm rest.
Did you just say when Neanderthals split from chimps? How come of all the theories of evolution (over 200) this least likely one is the one presented as facts?
I'm left handed but only for fine motor skills, anything that requires strength I use my right hand.
This doesn't show there is no right way to be human.. There are certainly objective morals.
Humans came through some population bottlenecks. Like most traits handedness is a distribution. This distribution is skewed toward righthandedness. Could it be that the population bottleneck by a chance recent mutation was strongly skewed toward righthandedness and we moving toward the middle.
My left hand is so dumb, I tried so hard playing guitar and piano but my left hand just won't listen to me.
It’s called left brain dominance. Can’t afford to have the whole species being right brained or we would be a better version then this robotic, logically dominated left brained species we have typically become.
I’m curious about our hair. Hair grows longer without intervention and there are few factors that would result in hair loss, so did early humans have long hair? I know primates like to groom, but there weren’t exactly scissors lying around to keep our hair manageable.  I’m assuming dreadlocks would have been a common occurrence, so when did we start styling and managing our hair?
Neanderthal is in Germany. Its by Dusseldorf. Not in Croatia.
Nothing about amphidextrous..
How many lefties watching this right now?
I write and draw with my left hand but do basically everything else (play guitar, chop vegetables, throw a ball) with my right. So basically, I'm a freak of nature
I noticed that the present humans have two major lineages. Those who descended from elder chimps and those who did not.
PBS ... Skyrim console commands ?
For a long time I thought I was left handed because I write with my left hand. However I throw balls with my right hand for example. Recently I started thinking about it more frequently. I've come to the conclusion that my left hand has better fine motor skills and that my right hand/arm has more power... Or thereabouts.
well i was a left-handed but my dad told me that it's a sign of evil so he would scold me whenever i use my left hand 😢 now, i'm more used to using my right hand. i can even barely use my left hand.
if being left handed is not considered bad luck, there would have been more left handed people on record.. i saw a couple of friends and anecdotal stories of children prior to the millennials that if you start writing as a child left handed, teachers would push you to start writing right because of "bad luck"..
I write with my left hand, but when playing sport I prefer using my right
what about those of us who use both..writeing and tool usage
The high number of right-handed people also have something to do with some cultures encouraging children to use their right hand for practical and long held beliefs.
Can animals be left/right pawed?
Who shaped their beards?
I appreciate that some of our best old evidence of this is from people basically punching themselves in the face on accident. completely!
Whatever hand you use, give it a break and teach your brain to use your "other" hand. How ... by using it for simple tasks, and then it will improve your ability to use your  "other" hand.
Shoutout to my fellow lefties!
I have theory that we mostly have dominant hand because  is more easy for the brain to get used to hand patterns especially  tool use then to learn  it for both  hands .
I had this question in my head for so many years. Thank you guys for this amazing video!
Well it says lefties have "evolutionary advantages" but in present society, lefties are more likely to die prematurely.
Elephants: Wtf are you talking about 0:40
I am right handed but my D loves my left hand more
I’m mostly right handed, but for years I have trained myself to be ambidextrous. Now I do things with both hands without even thinking about it.
This is the longest, most convoluted explanation I've ever heard. Tax dollars at work
We're the only placental mammals who have handedness? No. All polar bears are left-handed. Other bears show handedness too.
Whoever was chopping that carrot doesn’t know how to use a knife and is likely to one day lose a finger!
Has anyone attempted to get DNA from the saliva from the blown art in the caves? Is this possible?
0:34 Presenting this episode by a left hand person would be kinda... ironic? :))
I was teaching my daughter to write (I'm right-handed). Then caught her writing on her own with her LEFT hand. I was like, okay, how am I going to teach her now?! 🤣😊
How most people became right-handed.  Me: 😕
Left handers have an edge in combat. Me wondering why I beat up people so easily : I see....
Why do I buy all my guns from T. Rex? He's a small arms dealer.
Something I've noticed as a pistol instructor... almost everyone (maybe 90%) is right-eye dominant, regardless of which hand is dominant. The two things don't seem to be connected.
I am left handed that prefers using his right hand for eating and pc mouse.
maybe left handed comes from neanderthal!
The joy of being left handed...smudging every line of text you write.
I can do everything with both my hands don't have a preference one over the other I do wright better with right hand but I do draw and better with left hand so you tell my maybe because I was a carpenter and have learned to work with both hands and now I just use the hand that holds the tool don't have a preference of it works is works but was always a right handed but my lefthook was always the more powerfull
How many of you or your parents had left handedness beaten out of them as a child? If i was born a few years earlier they would have gotten me
7:34  That just boils down to the other person being a horrible fighter. You have to be able to adapt on the fly, that's what drilling is for
The stuff they work out is pretty amazing. You could say “but why? “. Well it’s a job. It’s someone’s job. Leave them be.
Both handed gang
I think I once read that in twins you often find one being right handed and the other being left handed. Maybe left handed "singlets" started out. embryonically, as a twin that never fully developed. Of course the same would go for a number of right handed people.
If future humans or aliens found modern teeth it would be scratched from tearing packages open 🤷‍♀️. Or from opening a beer bottle, it always freaks me out watching someone doing that.
The right way is the left way? 😄
Why would anyone not be right handed? That means you're just using your wrong hand
I'm 60% R & 40% L 🙃 When I'm rock climbing it's 50 / 50 🤣🤔
4:57 We didn't split from Chimpanzees. We share a common ancestor with the Chimpanzee.
Finally somebody asked this question
Love how Neanderthals are the second most recent human species to walk the earth, but their stifled appearance is widely used as an intense insult on one’s intelligence... Good job extant humans. Congrats
Was born left handed but thought I was wrong for using my left hand so learned to use my right. Now I switch between hands depending on the task or if one arm is tired.
Being left-handed gives you supreme osu skills.
I'm 18 and I still don't know whether to consider myself lefty or righthanded because I write on paper and use the fork with my left hand but I do almost everything else with my right, even writing on blackboards. I pretty mutch have a lefty preferences for tasks that require precision and righty for those who require strenght and that involve all the body (like throwing and do anything sports related) Am I weird?
To be honest I want to learn how to write with my right hand. Everything is made for right handed people so it's annoying when I'm left handed (right handed desks/chairs, spiral notebooks etc.) I just haven't got the time to practice with my right hand and I procrastinate a lot
The Kennewick Man that they found in the upper Northwest actually illustrates the difference of bones very well.
✏️
Our dog is a lefty
I am right handed but I have taught my left hand to write fairly legibly in about 3 years. I'm still not as comfortable writing with my left while writing with my right. I mostly decided to do this because I was getting tired of my neck  acheing while writing notes. I like to tell people that I write with my right hand, but I taught my left to write. :D
"70 to 95% to be exact"🤔🤔
I hope Steve's doing okay.
who is a lefty for only writing? but do everything else with their right hand
Let me guess..evolution.
I got something funny. I'm right handed. I write with my right hand, I use tools with my right hands, I wear a watch on my left hand and the usual stuff. I found myself doing a lot of stuff with my left which are not normal for a right handed person. I jump with my left leg, taking my first step usually with my left leg and prefer to start a sprint with my left leg. While I prefer punching with my right hand, I can punch with my left just as good. I can also use a knife and a fork to eat with either hand but lately I found myself holding the knife with my left hand more than the right. This one however I got to be left handed because I am right handed. It's not that I can cut with a knife with my left hand, it's that it's harder for me using a fork with my left hand which is how an avarage right handed person uses it. Because it's harder for me to use a fork with my left hand, I had to learn cutting with my left. I can't use both a knife and a fork with one hand...
lefties rise up
I have known a small number of lefties in my life and would describe none of them with (06:54) having a better coordination. Remembering school sports I would rather go with a scale of hopeless to "are you sure you are human? Because thats not how humans throw a ball!"
All of my left-handed friends are so unique.
Such a sinister video
Right hand good. Left hand bad
Using my teeth as a third hand has led to way too many incidents of almost putting a knife in my mouth to free up my hands... I have yet to become the next Joker, but it's only a matter of time...
Ah to be ambidextrous, I've always said "I would cut off my right arm to be ambidextrous"!
The left hand can swing a hammer, but the right is so far out of its lane that it cannot hold the nail straight.  Switch sides and everything works smoothly.  The hands have roles to play.  The left assists the right effortlessly.  The right is a terrible helper though.
Left is best 👊🏽
And here I am. I'm both handed. I write with both hands at the same time. I brush with both hands at the same time. I have to mice and mouse cursors, etc.
I was born ambidextrous and apparently used to draw and write by using first my left hand until I got to the middle of a piece of paper and then would switch to my right hand to finish it as a child. I am no longer ambidextrous, but mainly left handed although some tasks I still do with both hands or just my right one.
1:45 - All I can think about is how old that carrot looks. It's... spongy.
So, to summarize, some monkeys wanted to make cool toys from sticks and rocks and that's why I can't use sauce ladles
They are convinced that upright walking happens after climbing out of the trees.  Gibbons walk upright.
Simple, when playing cs 1.6 they decided that having the gun on the left side feels weird.
What was the gender of the Neanderthal in the opening scenerio? Because that individual was misidentified as an entire group.
these guys really made there video 9:59 long
Isn’t Connor McGregor left handed ?
I believe elephants have a preferred tusk they use but its not a hand
I knew it! Lefties are mutants!  *Grab the torches and pitchforks!*
everything that requires any amount   precision i have to use my left hand or i’ll just suck at whatever it is i’m doing lmao
& I still use my 3rd hand..
Its because of entropy , its that simple .
Its a social thing. The preference is picked up in childhood by looking at fellow humans around you. My little brother was starting to prefer left hand (my mum's a leftie) but I intervened, he's a rightie now. For a short period of time I encouraged him to switch hands whenever he started doing things with left hand.  He developed the right side of the brain instead of the left, simple as that.
What if a dominant hand evolved as 50/50 (left/right), with lefties having an advantage in fighting and righties in other non-violent motor skills. Then as civilisation evolved away from violence the percentage of lefties decreased to the percentage we see today. It may be beneficial to have a small percentage of fighters but overwhelmingly not advantageous for the greater population.
I'm left handed but play sports right-handed.
I use both hands.
Now How about ambidexterity?
Me being a leftie and trying to write anything with a pen a not smudging it :(
interesting!
Being left handed has the benefit of getting pencil lead all over your hand, it’s great 😊
I think our handedness comes from our evolution with the use of tools. The heart is on the left side. If you predominately use a weapon on your right side, your heart is protected from danger, wild animal or other tool user
Okay so if you're a lefty then let me know if you have have this problem. I write on my left but the thing is my right hand is stronger then my left even though I'm a leftie like say when i throw a football I throw with my right instead of my left, same thing when I punch or kick. Why is my right more dominant than my left.
Is it possible the the right brain, left handed hominid were more adept at teaching? Animals might mirror which leads to a sort of 50/50 in nature, but humans being social may have had classes in methods for survival. More left handed teachers lead to more right handed practitioners.
Where my 10% at?
I feel it could be a social thing. We probably pick it up from seeing how people do things. Also we tend to use right handed tools.
Itna bada video banaya just google it yaar they just exaggerate things
When I started in remodeling, sometimes I had to switch hands...I'm a righty.  I could do most primary tasks left handed in a week or two.  It took some months, and a lot of frustration for the right hand to be any good at all assisting the left hand by doing secondary tasks.  Even holding a nail with the right hand so I could hammer left handed.  The right hand was like useless at first.
Think of being left or right handed as being a moral issue. A right handed person is more rational than a left handed person. Right is Right left is wrong.
interesting!
i could use booth with some training i think but the left not feel right :)
Got a new sub keep up the amazing
Other then Writing, i think i’m Ambidextrous.
Damn we get it , you want us to think we came from chimps ...damn boiii lmaoo.  he keep sayin it like 1000 times 😤😳
Thank you for tackling this topic and not spreading the debunked left/right brain rumor!
My classmate is left handed
It’s because once our ancient ancestors invented the whiteboard natural selection eliminated the lefties
I'm right-handed but I think I became semi-ambidextrous by playing lots of musical instruments from a young age, especially the cello (where the left hand is used for precise finger placement). Though I do write/draw with my right hand, I do most other "fine" motor skills with my left hand (e.g. eating, handling my phone, threading a needle, tying knots, brushing teeth) and most "rough" skills that require more strength with my right hand. I don't really have a preference for many other things like catching, using scissors, opening doors, holding objects, etc.
Laughs in ambidextrous*
Has anybody actually tried to use their opposite hand for a long enough period to see if we can willingly switch preference over time?   Humans learn by copying others so if most people were using their right hand then it makes sense that most would copy and use their right as a child thus leading to a preference for the right hand, it also makes sense that a small percentage would go against the grain and copy with their left as a child leading to the small percentage of left handedness we see today.  My point is perhaps our brains or biology have nothing to do with and it's simply a learned behaviour and we are over thinking it.  I mean what would happen if we took a baby and had it be raised in an environment where it could only interact with left handed people, would the baby develop a preference for the right or left?
need an episode about how humans were engineered to be slaves...
I was born left handed, but idiot teachers at my kindergarten forced me to write right handed, now I'm mostly right handed, but I still prefer to do somethings left handed.
were just used to it man and easier to handle
As someone who grew up cross-dominant, I've had moments in my life where I had to consciously think about what hand to use for certain actions. I never use both hands for the same activity, but use different hands for different activities (I only write with my right hand and only throw with my left hand, I cannot throw with my right hand). I use to think it was weird that I would even have to think about what hand I prefer, when everyone else just simply knows, but now I like to think of it as a cool skill. Apparently, this skill of mine also means that my brain processes information more slowly then others, but I like to think about the fact that I have the freedom to choose what side of my body to use on any new activity I do. How many people can say that??  Not that anyone cares about any of this, but this video got my excited about the topic and I wanted to write what I was feeling :)
One of the earliest languages, ancient Hebrew, is written right to left, because of the hammer and chisel method of writing.  You would use your left hand for chisel, and hammer with your right.
Well I'm practising to train my left hand and now I can sketch with it
So the answer is “we don’t know.” It feels like looking up a word in dictionary and finding “this word exists but I don’t know the meaning” instead of what it means.
We took all the left handed among us, bind their left hand on their back and forced them to use their right hand. That’s how we did it in Germany until 90 years ago.
I don't get why I write, eat, hold a knife or an axe with my left hand but when I play basketball or football (the one played with your feet, not hands) I shoot with my right hand or foot.
It's amazing  how smooth the host rocked his outfit of the day
Im amphibious
When I was a little kid , I was left handed for most things then my parents and elder siblings forced me to be right handed   And now I'm only left handed when I'm brushing my teeth 🥺
is it just me or did that knife cutting the carrot look dull.
It was thought that a left handed person was once a twin, but early on in the womb something goes wrong and the right handed twin is dissolved.
I'm left handed when it comes to detailed movements (writing, eating) but right handed when it comes to strength (sports, right footed too). Idk if that's considered ambidextrous or just weird haha
I'm ambidextrous, but I always say I'm left handed lol.
Right brain and left brain process information differently notwithstanding whether people are left or right handed.
Is that if we came from the left side of the fallopian tube or the right side and we settle on either side of the uterus is one hand or the other used as a tool alot more that the other and that is why we become left or right handed.
You can also become practically ambidextrous. To any extent.
Most of that is far different than what I was taught in both physical and cultural anthropology. I'll go with what I was taught and learned afterward.
I am left hander but my father made me right hander by tieing the left hand so i can usethe right.
well, somethings just feels better doing with my right hand.
Although I use my left hand as the dominant hand (like drawing especially), I noticed that my right hand seems to be more capable of lifting heavier objects and could grip stronger than my left :I  which really made me question which hand was actually my dominant one. and that I could somewhat easily pass the information I learned from my left hand to my right (learning tricks with the butterfly knife)
When I was young I was very ambidextrous to the point where I used start writing with my left hand to the middle of the page, then I would continue writing with my left hand. I stopped being so ambidextrous as I got older as I was apparently told I'm not supposed to write half and half, so I ended up only writing with my left hand as that's what I started the page with. Wild am I right?
I write with my left hand but I can write with my right just not anywhere near as fast, I think my right arm might be stronger but my left more precise and  if I were to swing a baseball bat I swing right I guess I’m more comfortable with rotating my hips that way
How come you didn't mention our second cousin the bovine with which we share 80% of our genes with?? Then there's the 50% sharing with banans. Does that mean we have a 50% chance to grow a peel?
I really think that it has to do with sight. When our brain is developing and coordination probably we use the hand that more acuratly touches the target. I am left handed and i use the left eye to target things. So probably most people target objects with the right eye, therefore the right hand will be more acurate than the left. But that's me talking :)
I'm "left handed" meaning I write and perform fine motor functions with my left hand. However, I use all other arm functions on my right hand, such as throwing a ball or hammering a nail. Just thought its interesting
I love these ancient human videos so much. I love learning about us!
Bruh that picture of the Neanderthal looks like Tom Cruise
I’m a lefty :)
They rely on conjecture, guess work  -Quran
5:00 in we have no idea..... but its an interesting video.
All I know is that me and my dad write just as ugly with both hands
One disadvantage of being a lefty smudging when writing in pencil.
Working with my dog for years, it became apparent she was right handed. Always favored her right side, no matter what the task.
From my personal experience, left handed people tend to be really smart. Has anyone else noticed that?
Wouldn’t it just be biological? The heart is on the left side of the body. A right handed person can protect there heart easier and would pass that genetic predisposition to its offspring.
I write and hold the spoon on my left hand but my right hand is stronger
I think it doesn matter unless youre a symmetrical
Left-Handed here \o
Although I write and throw any type of a ball  left handed, most anything else I do usually involves using the right hand, including bowling ,shooting a long gun or pistol. For what ever reason, I can not hit the broad side of a barn shooting left handed. As far as batting is concerned, I'm just as good using the left hand or right hand.
Basically we are lobsters
My coordination, memory, and language skills are total garbage and I am left handed.
I'm the second person in my family who is left handed the first person in my family was my great grandmother she's passed away now🤷‍♂️
The fact that plenty of lefties have died for using right-handed tools and machines.
I would love an explanation of the influence of handedness on the organization of musical instruments!
Aren't elephants right- or left tusked? Thank you for this oddly interesting video.
What I have learned from this comment section. Lefties are serious liars.
Dies anyone else’s teeth suddenly hurt after seeing that Neanderthal?
haha ooga booga monke
I'm both-handed.
I'm right handed! lol
All I heard was left handed people are smarter. Yes. Yes we are.
Who's a leftie here?
There is probably some natural selection going on that snowballed this.  Imagine a right handed father had two sons, one left handed, one right handed.  It would be much easier for the right-handed son to learn and mimic the father rather than the left handed son.  In a physical world of hunting and near-death encounters, that probably caused the right handed children to prosper and have a better likely-hood to breed.   As we became more civilized and the world was less reliant on hunting and physical survival, that natural selection is now less than before.
Lefty gang
can someone help me out if im ambidexourus and left handed? i write, kick and am slightly stronger with my left hand. But i brush, bat and sometimes throw with my right hand and have good balance with it too.
My great-grandma from my grandma’s side was a leftie. My mom’s a leftie and so am I, as well as my sister. So it confuses me how more men are left handed lol
Most of the prettiest baseball swings were lefty's
I'm a lefty...when I beat off 🤣
Great, informative video - thank you.   I wonder if it's an accurate observation that the concept of handedness or dominant hand actually applies more (or even strictly) to the wrist and forearm, and the types of actions they perform, than it does the actual hand and/or fingers.  Or that hands and fingers don't actually show dominance preference or tendency except through use, accompanying the dominant arm and wrist in activities where they are favored.  As I'm typing this on my keyboard,  I don't feel or perceive either hand or set of fingers as stronger and more capable; they're like mirrors of each other, doing the same task with equal ease, neither being favored.  But for this activity my wrists and arms are not as involved in the primary task.  Same thing for my son on his video game controller.  Different story for swinging a tennis racket, shifting gears on a car or throwing darts, where it's mostly arm and wrist; my favoritism and preference would be much more obvious and important to me.  I first wondered this from experience as and observation of stringed instrument players.  A right handed person will usually choose or be given a guitar that puts his/her left side on the neck, in charge of gripping those nasty barre chords and dancing across the frets for a solo (hand and finger stuff).  The right side is in charge of strumming and picking (forearm and wrist stuff).  Violins, violas, cellos etc are the pretty well the same, holding a bow instead of a pick.   Left handed beginners will be given a left-handed guitar, where the arrangement is reversed, but the same idea applies.   It kinda seems like the dominant hand (arm/wrist) is being purposely put in the place that requires greater accuracy and dominance in movement of the wrist and arm, over hand and fingers.  Sooo I'm right-handed, but am I left-fingered?   lol    In this context my left hand and fingers are way more dominant, dexterous and nimble than their right counterparts.  But then I can fairly easily picture training my right hand and fingers to do what the left ones are doing now.   I've tried playing left-handed guitars and the right hand is slow and clumsy, sure, but certainly able to make the chords and finger the notes.  Maybe it's fairer to say I'm equal-fingered, as demonstrated on the keyboard?      But man-o-man !!  Not a frickn chance in heck trying to make my left arm and wrist do the intricate strumming and picking that the right ones are doing.  Not even slow and clumsy; not at all.  Not a frickn chance.  My brain simply can't control them that well; they won't willingly move the way I want them to; they're weak and sloppy, my timing is non-existent and I keep missing the strings I'm trying to pluck   lol.    These observations make me think it's all about wrist and arm, and that's where the "handedness" shows itself.  The hands and fingers taken by themselves, certainly seem equally matched and not affected by it.  This is only my mind watching and wondering  :)      I'd certainly love to be corrected or find out for sure.  lol.   Thanks
I’m left handed and it’s really annoying when people say “ oh wow you’re left handed that’s amazing” like damn let me live person.
“70 to 90 percent of us to be exact” .... huh?
Very unsual topic yet fascinating. Why indeed are humans mostly right handed, why not mostly ambidextrous? 🤔
I think we became right handed when Man discovered Masturbation
As a lefty, when I wrestled in high school, I always noticed my dominant left side clashing with my opponents dominant right side. Like a mirror. it would throw off a poorly trained opponent who lacked defensive muscle memory on his right.
As a lefty, I've always been told by righties that I exist only "to do the Devil's work".  But really, I'm a mutt.  I use my left hand preferentially for general use and precision work, including writing.  However, in other aspects, my handedness is what I was taught.  I'm a righty in boxing, baseball, football, tennis, slinging, and spear-throwing because I was taught to punch, throw, kick, and swing the bat in those activities by righties.  I throw knives, grenades, and other objects quite well with both hands, and also fence with foils, epees, and longswords with both hands, perhaps slightly better with the left, because I taught those skills to myself.  And I'm pretty ambi in basketball and soccer because you have to be ambi to play those games.  And I really wanted to play guitar left-handed as it felt more natural but was forced to play it right-handed by a rightiy.  So it could well be that that once enough of our ancestors survived long enough to teach the weapons, writing, and musical skills needed for survival to the upcoming generation, any initial bias towards right-handedness got amplified by most teachers being righties.
what if i’m left handed but i beat w my right then what am i
i heard that Leonardo da Vinci can write with his two hand at the same time
Leftie here! 👈🏽
Left hand disadvantages: you feel like your wrist is being cut off when writing on the right side of a notebook for a long time
I'm left handed though 🤨
I write with my right hand however I play cricket with the left side. And I cannot write with my left hand nor can I play cricket with my right side.  When I was young I would see kids playing cricket and their right side would appear left to me, that's how I picked it up and learned to bat with the left side.
I’m a freak I’m left handed 🤚🏻
I once read an article that dogs and cats also prefer one paw over the other.   And I can totally see that.  My dog prefers her right paw for pulling things closer. My old dog I had as a child always used his left paw and opening doors.
I feel like a significantly higher ratio of left handed people clicked on this video than right handed people.
Yhea I’m left handed though so uhhh guess I’m cool
One of my old coworkers had the idea that your dominant hand in life is the thumb you sucked on while in the womb. He said that your brain aligns more with whichever hand that is.
We all use left hand for bad purpose only
I can do both
I write and eat right handed. Catch, throw, kick, shoot, and swing a bat left sided.
I WAS BORN LEFT HANDED THE CATHOLIC CHURCH CORRECTED THAT.  ??? I'M RIGHT NOW.
Who else is left handed?
I'm sad you never bring up the long-standing cultural hate for left-handedness. Just look at the word "sinister." For thousands of years left handedness was viewed as wrong or evil.
When I fenced in high school I consciously chose to learn left-handed despite being a righty because I figured it would give me an edge, so it's cool to find out all these years later that there's an evolutionary basis for that.
Right handed to protect the heart on the left side. Also people poop with the left hand!
well... I'm left-handed, but when I play football, I use my right foot.... I don't know why though
So...what if I'm left handed (most things like writing, eating, shooting) but throw a ball right handed and bat right right handed. Just depends on what it is...
Where's my fellow leftys at? Southpaw Nation represent!
Genes aren't set, they're up regulated and down regulated, epigenetics. Also, no split. Can't wait for your "scientific opinion" to catch up.
In baseball, typically a left-handed pitcher does better against right-handed batter. A lot of late game pitching situations are decided  upon that information....
Aren't Polar bears left handed?
Split from chimps is a theory only
Id like to know how trees evolved? Or better yet, how did seasonal plants, plants that need to seed every year, how did they evolve? How do you go from nothing at all to that?
The impossible bear sporadically trot because italian significantly moan in a clever lip. peaceful, late crayon
It wouldn't surprise me if tools where handed and right handed tools just started to become more popular as a standard. Then a feedback of optimizing for right handed tools lead to a specialization in biology.
Most Black Bears are left handed. They are a placental mammal aren't they?
one of the many left handed down votes
As I was growing up, I always considered myself left handed, because I wrote and ate left handed. Then as I got into sports, I threw and batted right handed, and I would kick a ball with my right foot.  As I tried more sports and other activities, like playing pool (left handed), shooting a bow or slingshot (right handed), shooting a rifle or pistol (left handed), and the latest sport I started in my 40s, tennis (left handed), I realized I am partially ambidextrous (if that's the right term).  I got into martial arts at 18, and my first instructor was big on always practicing in both left and right handed stances. That has led me to splitting almost everything I do during the day between doing it left and right handed as equally as I can. I figure it helps keep me as balanced as possible.  The biggest issue I have had with my left handedness is when I write:  1) In a spiral notebook (spirals always in the way) 2) On clipboards with the pen attached to the right side (you have to drag the chain across the clipboard) 3) And the biggest pain is slow drying ink. Getting the ink smudged on your hand as you are writing is not fun. It messes up what you are writing, and you have to clean your hand every time you finish.
If being left handed has a evolutionary advantage there would be more left handed people because the left handed people would mate with more females than right handed people?
I remember hearing somewhere as a kid that all polar bears are left-handed. Never followed up on it though
7:10 As a left-handed person I've always known this but I haven't had too many opportunities to make use of it. I'm genuinely afraid of just knocking someone out with a left hook, which can be followed up by a right uppercut in the stomach for good measure.
It's odd how most pc games use a default control scheme that's designed for left handed person.
I wonder how much of it is also decided by society, meaning because a lot of people are right-handed society developed around that. What if instead it were flipped how would society be different down to the mental level.  Interestingly enough both my parents were left-handed my sister grew up ambidextrous but was forced to pick the right hand. Meanwhile, I primarily write with my right-handed but use my left hand and for cutting, throwing, driving, and brushing my teeth, etc the whatever is the easier way mentality
The left handed troop took off to outer space a long time ago.
I was taught that I was right handed...but I can't tell right from left so I didn't really manage to become right handed.
Breastfeeding : position of infant with upper hand for grappling gives initial instinct of use. Lower hand or hand closer between mom & infant is used less.  (Just an opinion)
Have you heard of the left handed Scottish clan? Clan Kerr. They built their spiral staircases in the opposite direction of the norm to allow them to swing their swords more easily when defending from above... Presumably also helping right handed attackers coming up the stairs 🤔
Ok so I have two dogs.  I taught them to spin to get a treat.  They both spin to their right side first.  I tried to teach them to spin left but they won't do it.  I think both the dogs are right-pawed.
Huh, I didn't know that mostly guys were right handed. Every girl in my family is left handed and every guys is right handed so I always thought it was the other way around
Left handed gang where you at??
I had heard once that people developed handedness when mothers held their babies. They would typically hold their children in their left hand over their heart, because a mother's heartbeat calms babies, and the mothers could get things done with their right hands. This theory makes sense to me that if we began to lose fur that babies would grip to, and babies couldn't hold themselves to their mothers like the rest of the primates, this would cause mothers to have to hold them themselves.
Could those teeth markings be something like survivor bias? Meybe it only left marks because they where using the hand that was less dexterous
Soooo basically I'm a genetic and evolutionary anomaly? Cool 😎
Humans started to became mostly right-handed when they started to use mostly left hemisphere of their brain. ie when they started becoming more thinking, exploitative and cunning, and less natural, feeling and intuitive creatures. Just look at ncient, primitive cultures and modern exploitative societies.
This is the video I've been waiting for, it made me cry. As a leftie whose childhood is marked by a grandma trying to stone their dominant hand for writing with it, exploring the source of my condition helps me be a little kinder to myself in a forcefully-dexter world.
6:18   Dude I’m left handed and I know 3 other people who are lefties
It's not all genetic, back when people (at least in the US) were forced to use their right hand in school, they learned to get comfortable with it. I myself, a lefty, used to be a righty before I broke my right hand for a bit when I was young. I learned to use my left, and haven't gone back.
Im left handed
I always blamed hammers for being right handed when I missed a nail and would ask someone if they could get me a left handed screwdriver.
I learned to right with my left hand when my right shoulder got injured. My left hand is 2/3's as good as the right in writing.
Yeah, but faster is the left one.. (If you are right handed)
I'm predominantly left handed, but my coordination, memory & verbal skills suck. Thanks Autism! 👍
Off the back of this I'd love to see a video about ambidexterity
You are partially wrong about hide-scraping.  When held taught, the hide is scraped in-line with the stretched part, not across it. (The grip and bite holds are shifted each scrape to cover the hide similar to plowing a field or even how a tv works)  So this is why the marks are on the teeth.  They scraped towards (or away) the teeth and occasionally got a little over-zealous about it and scraped all the way to the end.  I bet they cut their gripping-fingers as often as their teeth.
If you need references to the Talmud's supremacism, then check out this book about the war between the "Sons of Light" and the "Sons of Darkness" : "Beware the World to Come" by Christopher Jon Bjerknes.
Me being left handed 😑
Im a lefty but im also dyspraxic so im a mess of parts
1542 angel number
As a dominant left handed person I find this offensive
I'm left handed
Some commenters have pointed out that we say "after our lineage split with chimpanzees," "members of our lineage after the split with chimpanzees," and "after our split from chimpanzees" at various points in this episode. Just to clear things up, humans and our extinct relatives share a common ancestor with chimpanzees and their extinct relatives. After our lineage split from this common ancestor, we call our group "hominins." Living chimpanzees also have their own separate evolutionary history since that shared common ancestor.
Europeans are more often lef-handed than say Chinese. Which is interesting. Because Europeans always write from left to right, they used to force lefties to fight like righties, and so on.
Yeah, that 10% like me are still practising demonism. (Just so you know what that is, us left-handers were considered as demons at one point in time. Either that or possessed.)
I write best left-handed and play sports best with my right hand/foot, and I was told by teachers to play sports with my left hand bc i was a lefty, I sucked at it :,)
06:27 "Well, what is it?"
I'm right handed, but really REALLY! want to train my left hand. I've been working on it for a while, and have noticed an increase ability in multitasking, even tasks that don't directly correspond with hand use. I guess it trains your brain as well!
Kudos on the narration speed, narrator! Now that's more like it! More and more of us who are slow to hearing will catch these lessons faster! Interesting topic today by the way...
My dog is left handed. She always puts her left paw on my knee when she wants something.
left handed people: *they will never understand my pain*
Are people really right or left-handed, though? Or do they just arbitrarily start using one hand for single-handed tasks, and gain more proficiency with that hand? It's not like I prefer my right hand when typing on a keyboard, for instance. And when I play the guitar, it feels like the most dexterous work is done by my left hand (I write with my right hand).  Maybe I'm ambidextrous, but how could that be if the area for handedness is either on the left or the right side of the brain?
Fun fact: The reason why left-handed people are nicknamed "southpaws" is because of baseball. Back in the day, they'd build ballparks so that the pitcher would be facing west when he was on the mound. That way, the sun wouldn't be in his eyes.
Clearly throats genetics
Im one of those really feaky people who dont care which hand we use, im equally bad with tools in either hand. Glad i live in an age where I dont need to use them to survive!  In alls seriousness, if i need strength I use my right hand, if I need precision I use my left. Its weird.
Call me crazy but I'm left handed
Fun fact: The description isn't entirely true. There are, in fact, other mammals that prefer one side of the body as consistently as us - if not more so. Polar bears, for example, are almost universally left-handed.
But the best of us are left handed
I tried writing with my left hand consistently for the past 2 months and now my left handwriting is about 90% as similar as my right hand. Then again my father and his father are both lefties.
0:32 70 to 95% to be "exact" xD
I was born as a left-handed person, but when my mom saw me drawing with my left hand as a kid, she told me that you have to draw with the right hand, because she was apparently afraid I would get teased by being left-handed or something like that (strange, I know). Since then I've been right-handed my whole life. I wonder whether someone would actually be able to tell that I should've been left-handed from my genes, brain or something like that. I sometimes wonder whether my brain would've been different.
This is why u cut away from urself lol
Don’t kangaroos have boxing matches to fight over mates? Could it be for this reason that they developed handedness?
we never split from chimps , that is the biggest horseshit theory, because evolution requires what they evolved from to die out ,which would mean there should be no chimps or any species alive that we associate with ,because that is how evolution works. If chimps are alive we did not evolve from them. Simple to figure out
I think the basic premise is wrong. In many cultures hide prep, after the initial skinning, is done by women. This would be done sitting around the fire in spare time when it was dark, so there would be lots of people to help, or perhaps even a hide stretcher rack to fasten it to. This just seem like a bad way to do this and unlikely from a common sense view. I skinned a roadkill fox once and scraping it was so easy. I just mounted it on a cross w tacks. Tying it w something would have worked just as easily and been a option for Neanderthals.
I've always said you cant trust those lefties
So if your righthanded your left brained got it
For me it is weird and both my parents can testify to this: I write with the left, eat with both hands depending on how I feel, but everything else is right side (throwing/catching balls/projectiles in general, kicking leg is the right leg, hockey sticks to the right, better punching hand, most dexterous hand, strongest hand, etc...)
If hand dominance is a trait associated with bipedalism, it's curious to think that T Rex might have had a preference for one hand... Whatever it is they used their hands for.
I'm right hand dominate but write with my left. Am I an anomaly?
I couldn't get past the opening statement. Our ancestors used to hold stuff in their mouth while hacking at it with a knife. Not just that but they missed so many times that there were scores of chips in their teeth 😐 HOW is the human race not one big collective Darwin award??
I’m left handed
Aw I’m left handed! Now I feel special. I’m also a woman, now extra special 😄
I can't believe we made so many comments about the gun show that you put on a jacket. Such sadness.
I can only write on a chalk board with my right hand. Everything else my left is dominate
I once got sucker punched by a leftie and I tried to duck like it was coming from a rightie and got crushed. It definitely is an advantage in a fight.
one of my teachers used to call me and other lefties a "silver surfer" because whenever we wrote an essay our hand would be covered in graphite
What about being left footed and right handed?
Lefties are at a disadvantage.  However, so are the blind.  Compensate.  Buy lefty stuff.  When I train someone for my work, one of the first things I inquire of my proteges is their handedness.  It matters when you are teaching labor actions.
If you hold a skin with one hand and teeth, you would scrape it  from your teeth to your hand, or  from your hand to your teeth, not from right to left or  left to right .
It’s because when information travels and you show how to do something it would be with your dominant hand so if leaders and elders showed how to do something who’s going to tell you oh close your other eye and switch arms? That’s a gun reference for lefty’s or if someone who was left handed was teaching it to a right handed person
This is how many left-handed people are watching this video 👇
My left arm is much much stronger than my right. Doctors have therefore assumed about me (and my colleagues) that we’re left handed. But it’s because I’m a waiter. I carry trays and (many) plates on my stable left arm, while my flexible mobile right hand grabs items and places items and “navigates” the tables. But my left arm can certainly carry more weight. Handedness is strange. :P
You did not actually tell  "How Humans Became (Mostly) Right-Handed".   And you did not explain what does right handiness have to do with making or using tools in prehistoric era.  Choppers, scrapers, spears, axes, knives, bows and arrows, needles are not one side hand specific.
I'm rigth handed but my dominant foot is my left one,also, my father is left handed and his dominant foot is the rigth one. I have notice that he has a different way to thing, like... he notice details ignored by others really often.
If left-handedness contributed evolutionary advantages surely we'd expect that trait in more than 10% of the population. Had to google that one. From Wiki: "Left-handed people are much more likely to have several specific physical and mental disorders and health problems."   Seems like pertinent information for a nerdy enough audience?
I’m this weird in between left handed and right handed, I write and use utensils with my left hand but throw and bat right handed
there is a right way to be human, be good
But, WHERE does the meat go?
SOUTHPAWS OF THE WORLD UNITE!
Ambidextrous guy here. Being left handed was predominantly better if you were a soldier, as it's useful in any kind of combat from before gunpowder. I remember hearing the aztecs had a soldier faction made completely out of left handed men. This is obviously because of what they mention here, they throw the other guy out of balance. And the same happens when two lefties fight against each other; they throw each other out of balance and it becomes a mess. Which is why I love fighting lefties as left handed, even though I'm better as right-handed.  ...I get really scared of what will happen if I ever go against another ambidextrous guy though...that will be hard for me no matter what.
Im left handed predominantly
So even humans are turning into crabs...
Parrots also have a hand preference... er, a foot preference, where they use one foot to bring things to their beaks over the other. Watch a cockatoo eat, it’s pretty cute.
it's funny, I consider myself a 'left-handed typist' because I overwhelmingly use my left thumb to press the spacebar, and tend to use my left hand for more letters in any given word than my right. I used to be left-handed with phones, but I got teased for it so I switched. i think I used to be a lot more left-handed as a child than I am now, but still ive always been a righty.
I have never seen such long comments
Every left-hander I've known is "different."  They don't tend to see things the same way or to process information the same way.
Meh. IMO, it has something to either with the weak nuclear force, or Satan.
Gtfh . I was just thinking about this yesterday and now this came up
"Although we're the only species on Earth that's so strongly handed" My man's never seen a fiddler crab, I guess?
Brain development
Thumbs up for left handed people👍 Never caused me any issues as i can use both hands.
I noticed the 'handedness' in fighting while I was learning Judo. In my home dojo we learned how to fight with both a left-handed and a right-handed style and were encouraged to pracitce both evenly so you could switch it up in competition to mess with your opponent. Then I went overseas for a while and the dojo I trained at there taught lefties how to fight left-handed and righties how to fight right-handed, with no real encouragement to switch it up with a focus on perfecting your specific skillset as a fighter. It was weird at first fighting good left-handed fighters who wouldn't shift grip to fight on their weaker side. I got my ass kicked hard until I learned not to leave openings a left-handed fighter could take advantage on, then somehow between ass-kickings I learned some of the ways lefties leave themselves open when going for their preferred throws against a right-handed fighter. One phrase I can still remember is 'The bruise looks worse than it is, I'm fine' XD
She looks amasing - he should present without the jacket - show off that chest !
writing on a dry-erase board as a leftie sucks
Ah but im a lefty
What about legs?
Finally something that I myself thought about for a while :) Since among humans it was males who historically did most of the hunting and fighting, perhaps it is not so surprising that males have more lefties (surprise factor for the enemy). And that bipedal animals have a preference perhaps could be understand from a control theory (industrial variant) perspective: if the legs are already specialized for locomotion, leaving the hands free to other tasks, further specialization of the hands may confer the advantage of simplifying the control and communication system required to do things (as each side do just a subset of the tasks). It may spare energy for other functions (more brainpower, better immune system, etc). Nature is very keen on energy efficiency.
AAAAAAAAAAAA THEY SAID CROATIA, MY HOME LAND!!!!!!!!!!! IF THIS IS AN AMERICAN VIDEO, I AM SO PROUD
That guy just cut 30% oinion... that worried me. Idk why
Me being left handed “Ha”
did y'all realize if the fossils were millions of years old it'd be too decomposed😑. so it doesn't make sense that it happened that long ago
Just because someone is left handed doesn't mean they have bad penmanship!!!
Lefties are more ambidextrous because we have to live in a right handed world. Remember the right-handed desks as a kid in school? So left-handedness may be under reported. Just saying.
Maybe it’s due to the gravitational pull of the earth in which the earth rotates which primarily affects accuracy
I was just wondering why we are mostly right handed the other day! Thank you!
I’m left handed but I learned to use my right when recovering from a nerve cut to my left
Ah yes, *brain area 44*
Shot out to all the Lefties who remember when their parents took the crayon out of their left hand and placed it in their right hand when they were small children drawing pictures.
Me realizing that the common ancestor of all animals was 3.7 billion years ago 😮
Proud to be lefties 🏋️🤸
Horses have preferences too, most are lefties. When you run them clockwise most of them will have a very hard gallop that is harder to sit through, but once you change sides their strides get longer and easier, it's crazy.
To me its pretty cool that we figured out the handedness of ancient humans based on scratches on teeth
So what accounts for cross dominance ( left eye dominant but right handed or the other way around)?
This is fascinating. I'm a right-handed violist and I wonder how holding up a viola with my left hand and the fine-motor control that my left hand does while playing would affect how my skeleton would look to an archeologist. Would my right and left arm bones be the same size? Would my left ones be bigger? My left hand is in fact a tad bigger than the right, probably because...I dunno, extra muscle strength there? More research is needed!
Fly fishing is a non-interactive sport, but it has interesting "handedness" implications.  Fly fishers mostly walk upstream, casting to specific fishy spots.  Generally, spots to the left are easier for right handers to cast accurately to, across their body.  In most cases, the fisher can turn their body slightly and overcome this, but there are a few spots on every trout stream, because of the action of the current or a tree branch in the way, that are super awkward for righties (or lefties on the other side) calling for a back-handed cast that can work but is hard.  On popular heavily fished catch-and-release rivers, right handed fishermen learn to try to make that awkward cast, because the trout living there might be less "educated" with far fewer people being able to perfectly present a fly there.  Lefties don't bother; they can ignore their awkward spots and not miss much; righties fish those spots all the time, so lefties can focus on "their" comfortable natural spots and catch fish.    I am a little bit ambidextrous.  I am mostly not good with my hands; I like to say I'm ambidextrous in that I'm equally inept with both hands.  But fly casting is one of my few skills, and on the trout stream, I can deftly switch the fly rod to my left hand (it's not like a golf club or baseball glove) and thread my fly right in there, on either side.  It might be my only evolutionary advantage.
Being left handed in a right handed world means forced ambidexterity. I wonder what my life would have been like on a planet of lefties!
Interesting cud y'all I'm mostly left handed.  I doeverything with my left hand( and foot) except shoot. Somehow I'm right eye dominant so I think that's why.   Oh y'all should do an episode on eye dominance. I bet it would be very interesting.
I have a theory about this. The dominance of right handedness can be attributed to the heart being on the left side of the chest. In a confrontation with another hominid, the tool-using individual is more likely to defeat (kill) the other person if the strike lands in or near the area of the heart, causing more damage to the tissues carrying blood to the body. This trait led to more hominids using tools to defend themselves winning altercations, be it war or self defense, or territorial disputes. The left handed person used trickery or traps to win battles, relying on cunning to win battles instead of shot placement. Many people use traps to catch animals to this day. Right handed hominids would be more likely to kill an animal if they hit on the side of the main body with the heart. This could have led to us developing the traits associated with left and right handedness. Also, I trained in mma, and we were taught to lead with our power hand, and this could be interpreted at first as being in a southpaw stance, but it is not. The stronger hand, and as shown by the video, upper arm, is used to lead the attack/defense, due to it being stronger, and more capable if placed closer to the opponent. The entire opponent's body is a target, and my entire body is my weapon.
I write left-handed, but I do everything else right handed.
Who else here is left handed ? ☺
I suppose it was the right decision ✋🏻🤙🏻
im left handed! its the best hand, and i use my teeth as a third hand sometimes, it is useful. xxx
I use my left hand for fine motor skills (writing) and right hand for gross motor skills (throwing, sports).
I think this animal pelt scratching thing is nonsense. Show me a drawing of someone cleaning a pelt that way because this supposition is unbelievable. I do believe they'd scratch away from their face but not laterally because it wouldn't work and not towards their face because you would slip and accidentally hit yourself in the face and scrape nasty s*** into your mouth! This is obviously junk science why is that even included in this discussion? Tooth scratches scratches I get, but the manner that you speculate on is ridiculous
Who's watching this while being left handed?
These videos need to be shorter
Who else is left handed?
5:56 I'm wondering: if having a hand preference is linked to bipedalism, might it be because there would have been an intermediate 'tripedal' stage? I could imagine a sort of primate that would still need to have one arm on the ground for stability, while having the other arm free to use tools, make gestures, or carry things. If such tripedalism has evolutionary benefit, it could drive the development of preferring one arm for stability, and the other for tool usage.
I do not believe someone scratched a piece of leather towards their face, Hit themselves in the face and in fact specifically their tooth, with the tool they were using to do the scratching, then continue to scratch towards their face. This whole thing is predicated on a very dubious premise
I prefer writing with my left hand but prefer using my right hand for everything else, especially when using scissors.   Am I just right handed?
I was born ambidextrous and wrote with both hands till my cousin decided to use an iron on my left hand. I can still can write with both hands just not as well with my left. On everyday task I still use both hands interchangeably.
What about elephants? I've read that they prefer one tusk to the other
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
LEFT HANDED GANG?
So the ancient humans used teeth to hold animal skins so i can now break apart two lego pieces that are stuck together.  Humanity has peaked
So I'm mostly different...
But a left-handed combatant is just as baffled by a left-handed opponent as would be a right-handed combatant. They too are used to the blows coming from a right-handed person.
I am right handed, but left legged. However, if I have to write with one foot, I prefer the right one.
so is nobody going to say anything on how he pronounces "neanderthals"
I used to be ambidextrous. My elementary school made me pick my right hand and would scold me for using my left. They probably though it was demonic.
Everyone forgets that it is us lefties are the ones in our right minds!
Using Right hand is to do with the heart..the heart is in the left side and therefore more muscle power use will put more impact on heart if somone uses left hand. So humans understood as they were concious enough which we are not in nowadays. Hard work with right hand will be done effectively as it put less pressure on heart. So its natural for the body and mind to use right hand. This is a common understanding in India, there is more to it but i guess more cnt b explained here.
I suspect the specialization goes down to "muscle memory" as well. Training both "sides" to some independent task takes extra time and effort that generally isn't worth it compared to putting more effort into mastering it with one hand. So humans basically *have* to specialize in one side or the other;  people who can ambidextrously master something are incredibly rare. And since animals generally don't do complex tasks involving one side of their body, the need to specialize isn't there.  ETA: I think you can even see this with some non-dominant hand tasks. For something like gaming (one hand on WASD, one on mouse), where you have both hands doing independent things, your off-hand will be better at its job than your dominant hand. Despite being right handed, there are things my left hand can do better, and if I try to do a two handed task 'backwards', my right hand is likely to be just as bad at the left hands job as the left is to be at the right's.
can somebody explain to me the t-rex joke?...
Ahhh that’s just because those of us that us the “right” side of our brains slip less with our tools - less marks on our teeth!
The way he says Neanderthals is bothering me
I think that the fact that we are mostly right handed could happen just naturaly... Here's how...  Say a million years ago, 1 person is right handed... He has kids and his kids are right handed... They too have kids and so on... So in the millions of years that passed, all the other people's kids at some point didn't provide any more offspring, but our right handed guy's kids did, so at some point a huge amount of the population of a curtain area, as astounding as it might sound, was predominately right handed simply because of that... Scale this up to all around the world and all our millions of years of evolution, and you have your answer.
Left handed people are evil. 😈
Androids will be ambidextrous and will consider us inferior for favoring specific limbs.
right handed people use the left side of their brain. left handed people use the right side of their brain. so lefties are in their right mind. no such thing as left handed people. they are proper handed.
Ima leftie 😁
He said “after our split from chimpanzees” multiple times. He’s really trying to push that narrative when in reality humans still don’t officially know that. They’re just theories.
The claim of left handedness being an evolutionary advantage because of it being rare is self contradictory. If it was an advantage, natural selection would lead to it becoming a standard. Also, I had a friend who was lefthanded and it didn't give him better communication skills. He studied computer science, was great at maths and REALLY bad at literature and languages.
Advantage  in fighting?  For  Lefties?  I don't  think so
I'm a lefty through and through
host: handedness is very old duh:  yeah..otherwise what will we use??? our feet???
I think you guys are completely wrong on this one... And this idea comes exclusively from the Western World.
The first question came to my head: where did the Neanderthal get his haircut?
i am not right-handed, i am just very much not left-handed
My little brother is left handed but also right footed wich I find really strange. Usually left handed also means left footed. And so same with right handed then you right footed.
I'm going with the just by chance theory for right handers. The successful lineages just so happened to be right handed and no evolutionary advantages were at play here.
6:49 dude I wish that was the case
“Neanderthals” were human beings. The stupid stuff we makeup/believe in order to force the “theory” of evolution...
join the left hand gang!
I write with my left hand but use my right hand in everything else lol
I do consider myself right-handed, but I do certain things with my left hand which feels more natural. I only write or draw with my right hand, so that's why I would consider myself right-handed, however, I have cross-eye dominance, so my left eye is my dominant eye, and therefore if I'm doing something like archery, I have an advantage because my left eye is more in line with my point of aim since you draw back with your stronger hand. But if I'm doing something like shooting a rifle or a 2 handed gun, I shoot left-handed because if I were to shoot right-handed I cannot focus on what I'm aiming at without squinting or closing my left eye, and at this point, doing it left-handed feels more natural. I can shoot a pistol with either hand equally well, but even so I tend to favor my left hand for the same reason. This also leaves my right hand free to manipulate other objects with greater dexterity. Overall, my left hand is weaker in terms of doing certain physical things, but not by much.  I would be interested to know what causes you to have a dominant eye (I understand that it's because your eyes have different focal lengths, but why should this be the case?), and why it is sometime (but not often) your opposite eye to your main hand.
Some animals prefer using one side. Elephants prefer using one tusk over the other, I think most of them are ‘right tusked’
I once watched a cat nimbly step on board after board.  It stepped with its right foot, every single time
I mean, homo sapiens evolved the fastest when they started throwing rocks so their brain could have evolved to have a preference over throwing hand so they'd be more proficient with that specific arm when throwing.
I’m a lefty
Monkeys and humans evolved side by side
My brother writes, throws and bats left handed, plays hockey righthanded and shoots guns right handed
I never trust anyone who's left-handed, they all seem very sinister...
Speaking as a boxer - it's not so difficult to adapt to fighting w/ a leftie.
Soooooo how many scratched teeth did it take before we started scraping away from the body
I remember in elementary school I was usually the only lefty, and then one year there were four of us in the class and we constantly fought over the one pair of lefty scissors. I think the weirdest thing is that I was allowed by my teachers to write with my left hand, but was still forced to use a computer mouse with my right and cannot use it with my left to save my life haha.
Lefties rule, righties drool...
Just be ambidextrous... problems solved.
Me a lefthanded: ah yes I am superior because of the element of surprise
So you mean to say southpaws are blasphemous spawn of satan?
That last line should resonate through all of us
Southpaws: the next evolution of Man.
Finally, an answer to the question. Lateralization in the brain.
"99% of people have a preferred hand." I guess I'm in the 1% of something.
I feel like the teeth isn’t the best way to prove that people where right handed.like what if instead pulling the stone right to left they push the stone left to right.
"Handedness seems to be more like a spectrum" so like most everything in human nature
Left handers are Satan's children,that's how you identify them.
What about right-left footed? I am slightly ambidextrous, but am clearly right-handed and left-footed when it comes to strength.
For the curious, or those who want to look into it further, the term for when a trait is more advantageous when it is rare is negative frequency-dependent selection.
I was blown away to learn that Elephants also have a preferred tusk. There are right and left-handed (or tusked) Elephants!
woow mindblowing :O
I'm a lefty :P
It also could be instead of their being an evolutionary advantage, there is no evolutionary disadvantage.  The mutation doesn't prevent or encourage the chance for reproduction.  It happened and hasn't disappeared because there is not benefit either way
homosapien ? No one speaks Latin anymore
Parrot's are mostly left... footed? I guess
This is so, so fascinating.
From what you describe about the Neanderthals scratching their teeth while de-fleshing animal skins doesn't say much about their intellectual abilities does it?  After all how many of us would have to scratch our teeth more than once before we find a better method ?
Horses also seem to show a preference for “left hooved vs right hooved”. Many horses work better and find it easier to run or perform tasks while going to the left, possibly suggesting they are “left hooved”.
I think we owe our right handed ness to our mothers since they are predominantly right handed, then we may be learning our right handed ness while breast-feeding, simple as that.
Where my right handed dudes at 🖐🏻
Yeah the Catholic church has a lot to answer for , beating children and using steel rulers across the knuckles if they were left handed as to them it was a sign of the devil.
So left handed people are part kangaroo?
The left hand is the hand of the devil
8:22 my man destroying racism, sexism, and homophobia in one fell swoop
I use the left for writing, I used to switch hands when one got tired but by 3rd grade I couldn't write well with my right hand. In acts like eating or everday acts I use any hand.
Most left handed people are male.  Me(left handed woman) : 👁👄👁
I'm right handed, but I try to challenge myself with using my left hand.
I'm a left handed fencer, people offer money to train with me.
i would be really interested in an episode on the evolution of whiskers. does every mammal have them, except for humans? when did we lose our whiskers? and did it have to do with our brain size, our relative hairlessness, or what? whiskers are cute!!
I remember as a kid I used to write backwards, my parents would try to correct my writing but I kept writing backwards. I don't know if this had to do with the fact that I'm lefty but if anyone knows feel free to comment below. :)
I'd be curious about results where right-handed people learn to use the left hand equally well and vice versa
As I watched this my left hemisphere was teaching my right some butterfly knife moves. Being right handed I don't often learn to do things with my left as well but I figured it'd be a fun challenge. As odd as it feels to mirror a skill like that it's somewhat surprisingly a lot quicker than originally learning it.
I write and throw right handed, bat and golf land handed, pretty much everything else I'm ambidextrous.
Most molecules are right handed.
I can write with left and right hand two different things at the same time. I must be a freak.
dominant eye is mostly always the right
honestly ? i think it might come from throwing a spear. Maybe they hunted animals in ambush and that spot required them to do it from the right, so that group of people got used to using their right hand for maximum momentum, maybe they had success. Started up a small settlemet. And so on
I have questions about this video content: 1. Why would an early human be moving a sharp stone so close to their face that a slip would smack a tooth? 2. Why would an early human slip of hand move their tool toward an object *to the side* and not further in the direction of motion (as shown)?  3. How on earth is that wet, floppy hide (not held in a frame) sufficiently rigid to scrape from side to side when the two points of tension are top and bottom?  There is plenty of support for handedness that doesn't invoke such flimsy evidence.
I eat with my left hand and write with my right hand
Men wee forced to be right handed in the military for centuries because people used to fight in formations, first starting in shield walls, then in ranks of guns. Being left handed tended to cause problems in these close formations, esp. in a shield wall where being left handed means your sword/spear arm is right next to the sword/spear arm of the guy to your left.
Lmao. No
Commenting for support
Dang, no video has made me feel so special for being left handed before. For most things that you need two hands like holding guns or big tools I can use with either hand acting as the dominating part. When it comes to writing I have to use my left hand. My writing sucks with my right.
For lefties a comment and for righties a like, lets see who wins . .  (probably lefties because they'll click the video more often)
the whole story base on some scratch on tooth , but actually that was my grand grand ....uncle chewing Mammoth's bone.
What's the painting at 52 seconds called?
Sooo. Lefties UNITE  Beat the 💩 out of them 🤣 (not used to guarding from that direction lol)
At what point did we stop playing pve and start pvp?  Like- when did other humans become the most common threat to humans
i'm a pretty clear righty, but there are a few things i always do with my left. funnily enough someone once talked about handedness saying "your strong hand is the one you open a bottle with" it had never occurred to me to use my right hand to screw open a bottle.. unless the lid is so tight that my left hand gets exhausted. i suppose everyone has their own niche of otherhandedness. what's yours?
Yes , amateurs never expect a left upper cut with power.
The righties are working on it. Survival of the fittest and what not. It has taken a while, but it is a matter of time! ;p
This was a FASCINATING video! Although not a "handed" trait, snails can also be righties or lefties with the direction their shells swirl, and can be more difficult for certain predators to eat. Just another example of how going left can be a  advantage.
2:40 What if they were placing the back of the right hand on the wall? Or each others hands?
I am ambidextrous... where do I fall in?
Was I the only one that though this was a death stranding refence after looking at the thumbnal?
I'm right handed but my left hand is naturally stronger than my right hand for some reason 😂
Please please please could you make a video about the  Velociraptor and the history pack hunting? :3
I do believe I understood him correctly, therefore I am assuming left handed people are mutants 😁
The idea of scraping rocks on your teeth, makes me so uncomfortable. It's the level of biting on a metal fork. 🤮
I was a lefty when I was a kid and could write with both hand at one time but now I can't write with my left hand but can fight ambidextrous bare handed or melee weapons.
I am both left and right handed, depending on the task. After many years I've discovered that left is my precision side, and right my strength. I write with the left, throw darts with the left, but throw bigger or heavier objects, like a baseball, or a punch, with the right. With the legs kind of the same. I kick with the right, but stand on a skateboard like a goofy (lefty). Here's the funny part though. When I play tennis, I play as a right handed player (right hand holding the base of the racket), and my back hand is double handed, so in that case, I hold my racket in the exact same way I hold a baseball bat or a hockey stick, yet with these two last, holding them that way makes me a left handed player.
Please be more accurate in terms of speciation. We weren't chimpanzees that split but those who dont understand the basics (they're all over Twitter) will take it that way and will continue to think that their if we came from monkeys why are there still monkeys is actually something besides the derpy dribble it is.
I've got mild cerebral palsy, hemiplagic down the right hand side. I've always wondered if I'm naturally left handed, or if my brain simply adapted for left handedness not long after birth
I've always felt that right hand dominance originated from the heart's orientation in the body; on a 2D plane, it only pumps in one direction. Why this would be the cause? Well that's why I say "felt" instead of "known."
Left handed female here
Is Anyone here who uses  left hand  to write or to play tennis but uses  right leg to play  football like me and partly my family tree hahahahaha
I <3 my Right Hand.      I do all my favorite things w my Right. My name is Benjamin, even means Right Hand
I'm a lefty and took ages to learn to drive stick shift. I also used to mix up b and d and would write the 5 mirrored a lot in elementary school - oh, and my hand writing sucks :D
New eons merch when? I missed out on the good stuff and have been waiting on a re-run or some new designs!
What Early man learns is that heart is left centered, therefore they used their shields with left hand and weapon striking with right hand
Everybody gangsta till the both-handed people enter.
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU CUT A CARROT
If having being "wrong handed" gives you an edge then you'd have 50/50 split through evolution... Your argument makes no sense.
I think handedness must have arisen from interacting with other people. The vid discusses fighting, but then gives reasons that lefties would have advantages. I want to go back to the original example of scraping hides, with people working together.  If four people work together on a hide, they can each grab a leg of it with one hand, and wield a scraper with their other hand. The hide is stretched tight, and nobody hits themself in the teeth. The trick is to avoid hitting each other in the hand with the scrapers.  If all four workers hold the hide with their left hand, and scrape with their right, they avoid collisions. They can all fit together around a smaller hide.  (I'm thinking of my left-handed cousin at a crowded dinner table, so communal eating may also be an influence.)  We know that hide-scraping was a thing, and that going solo was a punch in the teeth. Cooperative hide-scraping would have led to conversational skills improving, also.  (I said something about holding the legs of the hide. I think a rock or two in the hand could aid in gripping the edge of a wet hide.)
Ironically, it's been shown that left-handed fighters are just as weak to other left-handed fighters as right-handed fighters, because they also fight mostly left-handers. But in gyms with a left-handed fighter, right-handed fighters are better at dealing with left-handers, because the left-hander is the only person in the gym who doesn't get to train against the left-hander. There are also many right-handed fighters who train left-handed fighting to switch stances and further confuse their opponents. Despite being right-handed, Nick Diaz actually PREFERS a left-handed stance, which totally changes how he fights. Many fighters have found themselves chipped away by his unexpectedly powerful lead jabs, which the majority of fighters (who lead with their off-hand) use primarily for finding range and setting up openings rather than a true weapon.
Well, if your not right there is only one option left.
“Left handed people have an unexpected physical advantage” -something I learnt from watching Prince of Tennis
Would anyone be kind enough to explain me the T-rex joke?
"men are more often left handed than women"  *nervous laugh, glance at siblings*  four children both girls left handed both boys right handed "Yo i think we got sum confused"
Have you ever heard of crabs
I put my fork into my right hand and the pencil into my right hand-
I am so triggered at how that onion at 0:36 is being cut. So much good onion thrown away.. ugh
Have we considered that in a fight to the death a right hander's heart is slightly more protected than a left hander's?
It weird because I use my right hand for almost everything. I grab a pencil, knife, hammer, you name it with the right...but when I grab a rifle or pistol I grab it with the left hand....but I draw a bow with my right.
Parrots also seem to be left footed. So weird these must have evolved separately (convergent evolution), expect we ended up with right handedness and birds with left footedness.
why do people say neander-tall?
I have 3 sons. 1 is right dominant like me, my middle guy is a lefty and my youngest, who is  on the autism spectrum, actually has no dominant side. It's pretty interesting, actually.
1:44 that is truly awful and dangerous knife technique
I am now wondering how I can be at the same time right handed and left footed
It's an spectrum ooooooooouuuuuu noow I understand sooo much about myself  Evrey time I do anything, I unconsciously start with my left hand, despite not being capable of doing X task with the left hand. It is so weird
So what I'm getting from this is Kangaroo Jack was an amazing boxer
Amateur kickboxer here, and yes people who fight southpaw (lefties) are notoriously annoying to spar with. We are actually being taught now to try and be comfortable in both stances in case we encounter southpaw fighters in a match.
Handedness could be the natural conclusion of needing precision hand movement at all. Training two hands at precise motion results in two half-trained hands. Evolution would favour individuals who consistently reproduce accuracy and muscle memory unlike ambidextrous kids who double practice handwriting only to arrive at the same result at best but quite often worse. Lefties also have consistently poor handwriting and not just in left-to-right languages and ambidextrous kids are more likely to be dyslexic. A lot of language processing happens on the left side of the rain so favouring use of the right side or neither of the brain could be expected to do that.
When I started school, I used either hand equally. Now, anything I did not learn in school, I use either hand. I did not like school where I was forced to use only right. My brain wanted to use either. Imagine being forced to learn to use the other hand, that is what it was for me to use only right.
You forgot the part about left-handed people being significantly more intelligent than right-handed people!  It’s true!  Of course, I suppose a right-handed person might not know that...
I remember learning a lot of top fighters are left handed. It is harder to fight against.
With the arthritis kicking in full steam in both hands, especially the thumbs, the realization of which hand is used for different tasks is amazing, and trying to compensate with the other hand is almost impossible. I'm not sure if it's true, but I believe I heard or read that most people chew their food predominately with one side of their mouth.
i guess im one of the lucky few to be left handed
I read somewhere that lefties are half of twins, where the right handed one died and was re-absorbed in the womb . A sort of mirror image of a right handed version. I mean no disrespect, I seriously read this somewhere as a serious theory
It kinda surprises me that left handedness can run in families, because I'm the only lefty in my entire extended family, even counting back multiple generations. It makes dining at a big table with family more annoying because I have to make sure I'm not bumping elbows with whoever's on my left.
A video that mentions both boxing and kangaroos, but doesn't link the two? I'm a little disappointed, PBS.
My hobby is fly-fishing. As a right-hander I cast the rod with my right hand, the left hand is used to control the line. I once decided to teach myself to cast left-handed. My left hand had no trouble with the rod, but I never could teach my right hand to manage the line. As I thought about it I remember playing baseball and it was easier to throw with my left hand than to catch with my right. I think dominant hand is more complicated than just left / right.
As a lefty I clearly process information differently than righties. It's funny to think being a lefty is being genetically modified from those dam righties.
My cat definitely has a front paw preference, like any time he goes to poke at something or whack it he uses his right paw.
Terrific. Thank you.
I can see how handedness would benefit from a certain degree of standardization among some stone tools, like scrapers, to allow for greater functionality. Kind of like scissors are built ergonomically today.
10%-er lefty here
shout out to all my left handed family!
No right way to be human. Wow that pun hit me hard. Awesome
The lefthanded advantage for sparring can be circumvented by a clever righthanded person. Stand southpaw and throw jabs that are ordinary strength. Then, use your stronger right arm to actually throw a hard and fast jab. I have never met someone who accommodated this properly the first time I did it.
Speak slowly, please
so if kangaroos are mostly left handed does that mean that right handed kangaroos have a advantage in combat?
What a bunch of twisted tautological logic. Just to highlight one inane point: “Left handedness may confer a survival advantage for these ‘X’ number of reasons, and that is why it is so rare, because if there more of them they’d lose their survival advantage.” Ummm...yeah...okay.  I’d rate this video as a complete waste of time.
Rafael Nadal is supposedly right-handed, but he plays tennis with his left hand!
"There is no right way to be human"  I'll remember this quote.
Well, my cat seems to prefer her right paw as her main bopping paw
"No right way to be human" What about that fridge over there? That thing is pretty mean to me.. Right way to be human is to be nice unlike that stupid fridge
When I was a kid, I hurt my right shoulder and couldnt lift it and barely move it;i had to learn to use my left hand from scratch and it sucked. I can use it pretty well but not as good as my right but I think we can learn to utilize the non dominant hand at any age.
Advantages of being right handed: stronger uppercuts and hooks.  Tending to be more logical because the logic side of the brain is more active in daily body functions, while free the part for creative thoughts to be creative.
Charles Xavier: "Welcome to the X-Men. What's your mutant power?" Me: "I'm left handed."
And then there's me, the abidextrous weirdo lmao
I write with my left hand but pretty much do everything else with my right. I'll never forget covering this topic in class and a woman saying she took her daughter to the Dr. because she started writing with her left hand and she (the mom) thought something was wrong with her. Still makes me mad smh.
Wait, what happened to Steve?
„There is no right way to be human“ that one sentence just made my day
I used to beat off with my right hand but it then got boring and now i use my left hand? I’m special.
Growing up I was left handed which I was discouraged from using my left hand.  I learned to be right handed.   My Indian friends noticed I was also left handed.  They told me not to use it in public me why in Asia the left hand is used to clean up when you go to the bathrooom.   I didn’t  know. 🙈🙊🙉🤷🏻‍♀️
1:45 DUDE go clean your carrots omfg
Theory: if more men are left handed and being left handed gives an advantage in physical activities like fighting, then perhaps they're mostly left handed because they're typically physically stronger.
Blake is starting to rock the Indiana Jones palaeontologist look.
Id be intrested in an explination of how being ambidextrous fits in here. I got the bit about everyone technicly uses both hands for lots of things. One of my siblings is righthanded and gets frustrated they cant just learn to use their left hand too, since the rest of us are pretty ambidextrous
It's not true the original Semitic people we mostly left-handed. It goes beyond that there's also right and left-footed and not always right-handed means right-footed (I'm talking about football here)
It's that great human trait of lazyness. OK maybe not lazyness but more economic. If we favour one hand over the other it means learning a task only once. Even with a two handed task each hand has its own job to do. Learning to do it either way is more work and energy.  Nothing scientific here just my thoughts.   As for why most are right handed, haven't got a clue.
I remember as a left-handed person how incredibly difficult it was to teach myself to use a right-handed mouse when I was 13. Nowadays I can do much more with it compared to if I would perform the same tasks with my left hand, but I still managed to learn it. I write with left though. Maybe these skills can be taught to be used by both hands at a later age still.
99% of all people are dominant would one of the hands..... ... ..  Laughs awkwardly........ Where all my fellow cross-handers at
What about being Goofy/Regular on a board (skate, snow, surf)?
1:07 normal people: "Yeah, like baseball." me: "Yeah, like sword fighting."
i have a hypothesis about handedness: it is related to the preferred eye being used for close up tool use. the dominant eye being the left eye, for earlier unspecified (yet) reasons to do with brain side preference for tasks. Maybe something like left side of brain better for motor skills and right side of brain better in eye control and overall co-ordination. This maximizes ability of tool use overall.
but what about ambidextrous people?
great ...........and what about ambidextrous people like me?
I think this trait is related to hunting or fighting and the left arm was always used to protect the heart. The other arm was the dominant.
8:22: “There’s no right way to be human”  Cannibals: “You don’t say”
I've alway thought tha Chimps where right handed it was the reason that a chimp could be tough sign language ! Am I wrong ??
I write with my left hand and do anything strength wise with my right
It's astounding the stuff science can figure out!
There are more lefthanded than righthanded people in the world now.
How can we explain string instruments mostly being played with the left hand?
I can handle most of the inconveniences of being a leftie pretty well.  They are all pretty minor anyway. But writing with a pen and getting ink all over the side of my palm is still so annoying, lol.
I'm left handed and I don't see any advantage, I can never find tools made for me and need to find work around for how to do some things properly.
Ambidextrous masterrace lmao
I'm a leftie. Hi
I once knew this fellow who studied at a Music Conservatoruim. While his main instrument was the Clarinet, he also played the piano (this was an obligatory instrument, regardless of which other instrument you study), and the guitar. The thing is, he was actually left-handed, and as such had his own guitar stringed for left-hand use, but he could pick up a right-hand guitar and play it with the same ease as his left-hand guitar. In fact, he could play any guitar with equal ease with both his left AND his right hand, regardless of how it was stringed.
Either way, in the end, southpaws rule.
What about left footed?!
I only realised I was ambidextrous when I was about 10, and found out that right-handed ppl don't "just choose to use their right hands most of the times bc of social reasons". I was shook.
"theres no right way to be human"
The leftie in combat sports fact is definitely true. I remember how small of a statistic we lefties made up in the average classroom growing up, but in every martial arts gym that I’ve been to our numbers are at least 30% on average. I don’t think it’s just about the advantage of being in the opposite fighting stance, many of us are driven to it before we knew what anything about that.
OMG you're left handed that's so weird!!
As a lefty, I remember distinctly making a choice one day as I was coloring. It wasn’t the same as say sexual orientation. I had no control over that. Instead, I remember picking my left because I felt it was more interesting. My motor skills in my right were more useful at the time. I was 5 years old
I personaly do not think genetics is the biggest reason for left handedness. Why? I am the identical twin of my brother. We share almost 100% of our genes and yet I am left handed, he is right handed. The reason for me being left handed could be, that due to the twin transfusion syndrom I lay quasi wrapped like a burrito in the amniotic sac, in the womb, on my right side, so I could only move my left side. And now I prefere my left hand and my left leg. It seems for me the environment was definately the main reason for being left handed.
As being left handed person, i find easier to do some tasks then others people's. And terrible in cricket
But, how many thousands of years did it take to devolve to the level of stupidity that believes evolution?
Did they add the (mostly) later on after video was out out?
I'm naturally ambidextrous, I'm an evolutionary weirdo
I write with my left hand, but use scissors, knives, and most other hand tools with my right. Learning new hand sports like disk golf or when I was younger, baseball and tennis, I have to struggle to figure out which side I'm dominant with (sometimes never figuring it out). I swing an axe over my right shoulder, but use a chainsaw or weed eater at my left side. For snowboarding and surfing, I'm equally comfortable riding normal or goofy. My snowboard is tuned REALLY weird. I can paint or do calligraphy with my right hand but I can barely write with it. When using my phone, I primarily use my right thumb for anything other than typing. I'm all over the place. Maybe I'm one of the 1% that doesn't have a dominant side.
6:54 this is where I boast about my qualities being left handed  *If* *I* *had* *one*
TL;DR Don't box a left handed person.
Dang, there is just something that feels off when there is no "Steve" at the end of the Eontologist list
I mostly go right handed but sometimes use the left to change things up.
My crush is a leftie 🤩
Left gang
So using our teeth to open stuff goes all the way back  from carcasses to yogurt and packaging lol  it’s always a last resort for me
this is cool
Too both handed to 100% relate to other left handed people gang😎
Really enjoy this channel!!
Well I'd say I'm left handed, but it'd be more correct to say my handedness switches from task to task. Drawing and writing I do exclusively with my left hand, cutting and throwing exclusively with the right. Heavy tools like hammers and axes I also wield with my right hand. My right hand and arm are also much stronger than the left but I have little fine motor skill in my right arm. It seems I kinda divided my fine and heavy motor skills among my axes
Im a lefty and I really liked this video, thank you!
Being a leftie, I was always questioned by other kids, "why?????" and im like?? what the heck lol. Even one of my friends (whom is Christian) told me I was evil for having left hands!! Haha... but I used to write really bad; I couldn't write print good, so I started writing more in cursive. So many people would wonder how my cringe hand writing back in middle school turned into some mad scientist like writing. My mom is left handed as well, but I don't know of anybody else in my family being a leftie.  I will always be happy that I'm a leftie... especially now that I have been an epileptic for around 6 years, my left frontal lobe has abnormal infrequencies which results in me struggling to speak well/ understand even my own language, along with many other things.  I can write decent with my right hand, but my dominant is most definitely my left. Gotta practice!
Now explain those like me that  amdextrous
My dad was a lefty, but my Greek immigrant grandmother thought it was a defect and made him write with his right hand...LOL!
Who else is right handed
🤭
I think a lot of the reason right handedness is so dominant is that there are many tools (scissors of course, but guns, guitars, and golf clubs are more examples) that are manufactured to go a certain way. When you take people who are basically "neutral" and could favor either hand, and give them these tools without thinking about it, it's not terribly surprising even the "neutrals" would favor their right hand. I know that's why I favor one hand over the other in many cases, being one of those mostly-ambidextrous people.
The Great Courses has some ridiculously high level professors teach their courses. Their resumes are just insane! Look them up and you’ll be impressed.
My 3 year old twin boy are mirrored. Ones right handed and one is left.  Curious as to how that happens?
"and it might also explain why the frequency of left-handers is so low: if too many people are lefties, the advantage disappears"... umm... it's the other way around. There is an advantage precisely because there are few lefties. It's not like lefties are in a conspiracy to not reproduce to keep the advantage.
Maybe they weren't artists but they all just participated in a way to leave their mark behind? Seems way more accurate. Looks closer no the artist just spammed the wall to add an aesthetic to the cavern. Well alright... Cool? No no no actually they all had pretty much the same exact hand size and the artist wasn't the most precision based to get the fine most distinct aspects rendered out. They were running straws and crushed plant powder for printer ink, can't fault a pioneer in developing new technology. Yeah but could it run crisis?
1:45 wow, up close his hands look far more feminine! 0,o
Why are there still left handed people?  Because we didn’t finish the job
I think that he is wrong about the combat aspect. Its the same across many combat systems, lefties do well. But I think this is due mostly to frequency. If you're fighting mostly people who are right handed, then a lefty will be like you're fighting someone backwards. I experienced this when fencing. If your opponent is holding the foil in the opposite hand than most, then it throws off all your moves. This is why I would practice against lefties as much as I could, yet to this day lefties are harder to beat than righties.
right handed and left wing, such a disgusting species.
Has anyone ever heard that left handed people are children of the devil? I always thought that was strange.
Teeth evolved in humans so we can hold the pillow slip open with our teeth and put the pillow in the slip with our hands.
CHARGER!!
I think of it terms of conscience and sub conscience... or active and passive.  Both are super important.
Interesting! I have noticed the entertainment industry attracts many lefties, and have observed a few political figures too. Are there any studies on which careers have a higher percentage of lefties? As a kid, I remember my youngest brother, a lefty, would complain about scissors, manual can openers, having to write from left to right, and turning in his homework with palm smudge marks. Fortunately today, we have all the amenities for our lefty brethren, and keyboards don't leave smudge marks.
The church
"our split from chimpanzees"  ooooh you're one of "those"
The scratches make no sense being from hide cleaning. Could easily be from removing plaque buildup and early dental cleaning. No idiot would scratch their teeth dozens of times, even a prehistoric idiot.
I decided I was too right handed, so trained myself to brush my teeth with my left hand.
4:40 Wait, doesn't that imply that homo habilis was already scraping furs?
Most Moms hold their babies in the left arm the reason suggested for this is because Mom’s left side is where her heart is & by holding her baby in this way  it is positioned closest to the comforting sound of her heartbeat. As baby holding must have begun concomitantly with the transition to bipedalism patently it began pretty early in our original bipedal ancestor.  Now consider a number of other factors - as holding one’s young in one’s left arm leaves only the right hand to perform pretty much EVERYTHING one has to do to survive & thrive - including tool making & tool use - it would seem that these factors make for a very robust case for handedness having evolved under precisely this maternal-holding-her-helpless-neonate selective regime. Further, also consider the fact that right throughout the mammalian order  mothers in 98% of instances are the parent who teaches &/or protectively oversees each new generation learning whatever they have to learn in order to survive & thrive. Including language & including tool manufacture & use. Girls have significantly better verbal & fine muscle coordination than boys.... When you blokes spar with one another & stride out on the hunt, you are merely taking what your ancestral Moms gave you eons ago, to a slightly greater post pubertal level than us girls, who stay home & get on with the really important job of bearing, raising & teaching our young. just saying .....
DId neanderthales really use their mouth to fix the animal skin? It seems kinda stupid to me to do so. My guess is they would have figured out a better method.
This does not give an explanation of why right handedness is dominant. It just says that right handedness is controlled by the left hemisphere . Not an explanation.
Never trust a leftie. They are unholy
What about lobsters
I died
I’m right handed but cut steak with left hand
Very interesting,  i played representative tennis as a kid by the time i was a teenager my right forearm was 2 inches thicker than my left.
‘Began to think of tooth-things’
In catholic schools they used to hit the left handed people and make them use their right instead, the Latin word for left handed is sinister and people genuinely thought that being left handed was evil and meant you were made by the devil and not god, sigh
I am left handed and i am unique 😅
Left handed in world : 11% Left handed in comment section : 99.99%
I want that jacket!
I'm left-handed  Who else clicked on this just because they're lefties?
And then there's me... I use both hands 😂 But that's because I'm a left hander but was raised in Kindergarten as a right hander.
I’m left handed who else 🤚🏻?
aren't horses also have dominant left/right side?
I had a cat that was left handed. He would use his left paw to move items and pick up food and when he went to open the biscuit jar he'd put his right paw on the jar to steady it and wrap his left paw around the circumference of the lid, engage his claws in the serrations on the lid and then pull back towards himself unscrewing the lid.
Also training up a skill with both hands would take double the time using 2 hands versus only using one hand for the skill, and using mostly one hand makes it faster to learn new skills just in the experience of fine motor skills. But if I could have a real choice, I would like to be ambidextrous.
History and knowledge of our ancestors. Psssh.  I come here for the rad puns.
You prep your hide, slip and crush that stone brutally into your teeth. That's where the scratches come from. .... Hmmmmm
1:46 nice fingernailsDude.
Other animals do have prefrences😊 i ride horses and every horse had got a left of right side that is stronger, our job as a rider is to train them equaly😁 wich can sometimes be more then chalenging🙈 not going into detail but there you go 😊
sometimes my brain switches and my left does my left and my right does my right and i feel like i have my hands crossed in an X
_left handed dominance ( ꈍᴗꈍ)_
Years back I broke my right hand so I couldn't bowl in league matches, well, that was until I decided to go in early one day.  I tried my left hand and bowled over 200. Was a very interesting experience.
_H. heidelbergensis_ WAS NOT the last common ancestor of _H sapiens_ and _H neanderthalensis_  The common ancestor was hundreds of thousands of years farther back in time. Heidelbergs were on the Neanderthal branch, probably after the last common ancestor of Neaderthals and Denisovans. It appears they were sort of early, "primitive" Neanderthals.
As a lefty I'm grateful to live in a time and region where being left-handed is not seen as something bad and lefties are not forced to use the right hand. Met people who were forced to use their right hand which had lots of problems because of this (using your non-dominant hand can cause dyslexia, not being able to focus on tasks for a longer time, depression, etc). I wonder how neanderthals and early homo sapiens viewed lefties and when the change to seeing lefties as bad came.  Being quite left ond the handiness-spectrum using tools with my right hand makes my stomach hurt because it just feels so wrong.  So many tools we don' even think about are made for right-handed people and are not easily accessible (many of them are more expensive) for most people and it's not just scissors, but also: anatomical computer mouse/gaming mouse, sauce ladle, cake fork, different types of knifes (fish knife, bread knife, etc.), corkscrews, gardening tools, phone cases, wallets, playing cards, etc.
Very interesting and worthwhile video.
I am just reminded of those crabs that have one large pincher and the other is small...
School made a majority right handed      you had no choice      I grew up with everyone in school right handed  there was not one who was left handed.
I'm right handed, but left Legged! I have no idea why I prefer my left leg to my right. its just weird. I wonder if it is the same way. Thanks for this video :) I will be looking for a video on legs next.
Due to the fact that the heart is on the left hand side of the body and sharp objects is the reason why everybody's right-handed
I'm right handed but when I tig weld it's easier for me to hold the torch with my left hand and working the puddle while dipping the filler rod in the puddle with my right.
LEFTIES UNITE!!
is not only  with  hand , i  know when  i  was in army  is a test to  see  what  is u  primary  eyes  when  you  aim , you will  be surprise to find that you  dont aim correct
I am a left handed person. Once I was involved in a verbal argument with a person much taller than me and it ended up significanly provoking the taller man and he threw two punches at me, both of those punches I was able to block using my left hand. Thank God. That day onwards I decided to never have verbal arguements with people with lower verbal abilities and higher physical abilities. Also started to train myself physically.
During the 18th and 19th century, left-handedness was considered a disability.
How is it that if too many people have an advantage that may make them survive occur then the trait will disappear? The doesn’t really make sense
Hello from one of the sinister. Lol
As a child, I always wanted to improve the usage of my left hand thinking that I could do a lot more with two skilled hands than just one...  20 years of irregular practice and now I can cut vegetables, through stones, use tools and wash dishes using the left hand.  Note: the right hand also needs to learn the art of being a support for the left hand..  The left hand is so good at being supportive that we hardly ever notice it's contribution.
I'm left handed and we left handed are just few so sad🥺
advantage of being left handed: more likely to defeat the average person in combat.
Any left handed? (including me) 👇
5’51” shouldn’t that be “hundreds of thousands of years”??
Being left handed is weird because I have better dexterity with my left but I use my right more for a lot of everyday stuff
I thought this was indy nidel at first from the world wars channel 😂
I'm ✋
Lmaoo so all of you right handed mofos are closer to Neanderthals then us lefties
I would be a leftie. BUT my step dad is dumb and doesn't understand anything in the world... He forced me to use my right hand, and I got used to it. However, I do fight left handed. It's always been easier. I actually found out accidentally(before it was drawn to my attention) then my step dad pointed it out with... "Why are you fighting like that?" What if the reason there are so many right handed people in this world is because many of them are forced to use their right hands by their ignoramus fathers.
After my right hand's thumb got fractured when I was in highschool, I learned to write and do most of my stuff with my left hand. So, you can train your non-dominant hand.
6:18 asking the real question :)
When I was 6 years old I was able to write with both hands. But then I lost that skill and now I can only write with my left. For other tasks I can use both handsa and others just one (left or right). Funny thing I do medieval combat and it's a headache for everyone my left hand, although I can use two handed weapon as leftie or righty.
I love left handed studies because I have more than average people around me being left handed and I'm right handed. When the fighting aspect is inevitably brought up I'm left with only one reason I have few losses. I have an even more narrow advantage by being raised with people being either handed in encounters.
"Theres no right way to be human"......see what you did there :)
Lol I almost always drink my drinks with my left I just realized thqt while watching🤣
Damn, i was wondering why most people are right handed yesterday and now eons made a video about it!
It’s midnight, my brain says “sleep”, my left hand says **hits play**  In Australia toilets flush counterclockwise and Kangaroos are left handed. Nice.
I am very left handed  ive only ever met one other person  to use a mouse in the left like me all other lefties i know use use the mouse in their right hand
Leftie here 😁
What a great episode!
“Handedness” is learned. Lefties are discriminated against. We will not conform and we want reparations!
I wonder, if our ancestors often used their teeth as a thrid hand to hold things they were working on, couldn't we find evidence for handedness in the jawbone? If we clench something between our teeth, and then pull on it with our left hand, we exert a force on our jaw forward, down and slightly to the left. Done consistenly enough with one hand, this should result in a subtly asymetrical deformation of the lower jaw bone.  Edit: Just ocured to me, that if you are right-handed, you will probably use your right hand more often to eat, and if you tear off a piece of tough meat, you'd exert a force to the right. So, in a tool using person, the two (eating and working) might cancel each others out. But not necessarily. It could also tell us if handedness predates tool use.
I practice Japanese martial arts as a swordsman. I was told by our Senseis (teachers), we all hold our swords right handed whether we are right or left handed because our heart (vulnerable target) is on the left side of our body. Holding the sword right handed and facing our opponent from the right side shields our heart further away from danger- with the right side of our body. I believe this might contribute to the predominance of right handedness.
If the lefty advantage is purely frequency based, than the ratio should have already gone to 50-50. This suggests that there's an evolutionary advantage for right-handedness and the frequency based advantage keeps the number of left-handed people above zero. Correct?
@Whoop!
I'm all mixed up. I preform exact movements with my left, like writing and cutting. My left is also my strong arm, but I throw and punch more naturally with my right. I also kick a soccer ball with my right foot.
We all know southpaws are superior.
The first two minutes were so awful I gave up.  Particularly the statement about placental mammals, that is so car salesman like.  "This is the best two cylinder flat engine on the market from BMW".
Maybe they were in fact left handed... Scrapping the skin and swapping hands after a while and the less coordinated right hand is why they caught their teeth?
I'm a fake left handed person.  I write with my left hand,  but depending on the task. I change up my hands.
5:54 wouldn’t it be the other way around .. like the left hemisphere correlates to the right hand because of our prevalent use of our right hand
Loved this ! In India, there's a common belief that left handed cricketers are at an advantage, not necessarily because they are better, but because they add X-factor to the line-up ! Like boxing, if you keep praciticing against a right handed bowler/ batsmen, you'd be surprised to see a leftie when it happens !
I may be misremembering this because it's a while since i thought i saw this. But i thought that primates were of a similar ratio to use when it came to being right / left handed. It's the similar ratio for primates as to humans who are Tee total / drink but know when to stop / or who get totally smashed on it. I'm right handed and couldn't write use a knife with my left. But I've looked into online questionnaires (nothing official just message boards) I eat finger food with my left but am much less co-ordinated than trying with my right. I hold a shovel the opposite way than most right handers. I couldn't saw wood with my left but would find it very easy to swap to my left to drive in a screw without the screwdriver slipping. I don't think that's a practice thing, I'm not afraid to try things around the house but it's not as though i'm doing it every day for work.
I use my right side so much it’s visibly more muscular. Even my abs on the right side
Meanwhile all my immediate family, including I are lefties.
Can someone, please, explain the joke to me at the end? I didn't get it  =(
and peopele who cant use both hands well?
These are great love the show
Title should be, more about why most living things have side preference, mostly right.  The pole beans in my garden, all twist right. Snails twist right, except for Jeremy, and his gf. One in a million. Lodgepole pine, and Douglas fir, start life with a left spiral, pass through zero at mid life, then twist hard right, as they get real old. (I think the twist, resists splitting, when tall and heavy). Red Alder, has the reverse pattern, to the softwoods. ( but, they don’t get that big)? And yes, my cat leads with his right.
And parrots are dominantly left 'footed'. #funfact
the thing in 6:57 wouldn't be a real advantage in a past in which both handednesses were equally common because it literally works because it's rare.
it is possible that the whole group at the time had to depend on performing a task to survive, and the task was invented and taught by a right handed person, and would have to be taught mirrored to left-handeds, so they just didn't, and left-handers died out.
I was actually born left handed But I had a stroke when I was very young which paralyzed the left side of my body meaning I had to grow up right handed instead. My favorite joke is “ I’m ambidextrous, I just can’t show you right now”
As a left-handed person I can assure you one of the hardest tools to use is a chainsaw, It’s kind of like how scissors are mostly for a right handed people but remember the scissors can’t actually chew through your leg if you lose your grip
I’m curious to know how some people came to be ambidextrous. I’m able to freely use both hands for most things,(Punching, throwing, use tennis racket with both hands,etc) but the only thing i can’t do with both hands is write on paper. Funny enough, i write with both hands on a board, but only use my left on paper
Me and my fraternal twin brother both write with out left hands but play sports with are right while nobody else in our family is left handed and I was also curious why now I know
I heard somewhere it is also something related to the place of heart in our body. Sword and shield. A right hander can use his sword in his right hand and protect his left chest with sheild better compared to a left hander who has his left chest open. And armies around the world have their formations mostly based on right handedness. Mighty be a big factor in pushing majority of the populations to be right handed even genetically they are left and hence ratio gets one sided more and more through the ages. I'm not even mentioning the taboo that a left hander carries in many of the cultures even today.   I'm a born left hander who was absolutely FORCED to write in right hand due to cultural taboos. Now I'm a right hand writer but basically does every other thing in my left hand.
@6:38 "There must be some kind of evolutionary advantage [to being left handed]".  Most mutations are neutral so being left handed could also just been a matter of not simply causing any pain nor gain, just is and was enough?
Before you watch the video I’ll tell you   Me bang rock with this arm me now use this arm
Both my mother and father are left handed but myself and my two brothers are all right handed.
I eat and write left handed, but play sports right handed.  When I learned CPR, I kept switching back and forth to both sides of the manikin because both hands wanted to be on top.
3:55 "tooth things". I'll get my coat.
As a mild-rightist I can flip scissors around and use my left hand with the thumb/palm in the finger slot and pinky in the thumb slot cutting towards me with no issue, but a left-handed mouse will make me cry from frustration. My mild-leftist coworker uses a right-handed mouse on the left side of a keyboard and left clicks with his middle finger. What a crazy time to be alive.
imagine being right handed 💪😂🤚   (this comment was made by the left hand gang)
I'm right handed but left legged. How does that happen?
Great so I’m a just a freak to you ?
Any lefties out there that write with an upside-down hand posture? (google Obama writing to see what I'm talking about)
There are some studies that suggest the number of lefty's in a population remains constant. Meaning as the population grows the percentage of lefty's remains the same.
6:08 Kangaroos are left-handed because Austria is upside down
Leftie soccer seem to have more beautiful kick or dribbling than right one
I'm a leftie
Left-handed people also have a shorter life expectancy. It might be because of living in a world designed for people of the opposite hand just stresses the body a little over time. Or greater chance of like accidents with tools designed for right-handed people… saws and stuff
I still laugh at those who still think that lefties are the spawn of Satan and they're going to hell 😂 like, dude, people back then just thought it was weird because being left handed isn't normal like having freckles or having ginger hair. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if they said "if you don't have crooked teeth like all of us then you're a witch!" Lol
I think that nowadays Hedelbergensis is considered a Neanderthal ancestor only. The common ancestor is called Homo Antecesor.
Also men are missing one rib; even though I'm an archaeology MA student, I haven't looked into this, but it's my guess that it helps shift the balance during a throw, with the sliiiiightly heavier right side helping propel rocks or spears. But that's entirely speculative, especially considering that hunting has previously been overemphasized as a necessity of gender division of labor. Women in many contemporary  foraging societies provide the bulk of daily calories in the form of plant foods and small game, and were probably fully capable of throwing projectiles for their survival.
I’m a leftie
I am mostly right-handed, except for writing. That is left-handed. My brother also writes with his left hand, but both parents are right handed.
Can you do a video about hair and what hair types evolved first in hominids?
I got into my first boxing match and knocked a guy out bc he didn’t expect me to be left handed.
Just from observation I believe it's genetic. My husbands family's children are 50/50 left vs right handed. So half of his cousins and his own sister are lefties.
I'm lefty
All Eons videos overuse the same graphics and images. Cheaper videos? Yes. Boring? Yes!
Left-handed here. I hate those chairs with built in desk in universities. I hate them with passion.
Damn you lefties!
Super interesting thanks!
i like that coat on you Blake !
Internet has proven Cat's are right handed they always use right paw to ring bell
My wife is ambidextrous. She cannot tell left from right, and also can continue writing if she decides to switch without me being able to tell if she even did so. But it is hilarious to tell her left, or other left to screw with her.
Cleanest pun of the decade
Where’s Steve?! We need to make an archeological study on why Steve disappeared.
I believe it would be in a gene that causes handedness. Not a handedness gene per se. Maybe?
I wonder if the continued "handedness" of humanity could be due to our own works. If most tools and infrastructure is built by right-handed people then it may be less suited for left-handed people. Look at all the products made specifically for lefts today, and now spread that out over thousands or even millions of years of evolution.
I'm right handed. However, since the muscles on my upper right hand used to get sore from writing, when my office was computerised, I decided I would use my left hand for the mouse. I don't use a left handed mouse; I just use the right handed mouse with my left hand. The advantage of this is that I don't have to change handed when changing from keying to mousing (if that's a word). It is such an efficient system, I consider everyone should follow it. It also means that a skill has been developed for my non-dominant hand.
England Journal of Medicine, researchers who studied the deaths of 1,000 Southern Californians report that right-handers, on average, live to be 75 years old. Left-handers typically die at age 66  I’ll take right handed thanks 🙏
I'm ambidextrous, I don't know how that factors into things, I know what you're talking about with the thicker arm bones thing. I thought I was just imagining it.
Left handed, grief, there's another group of people we can do without.
i always felt as if it had something to do with your heart is a little more on your left side, so you'd use the left less if you could... for various possible reasons, idk... but yeah, i considered lefties to have some sort of advantage, at least versus another human that is right handed, like man, you fight anyone, you dont want it to be a southpaw, i mean, who is really "overly experienced" in fighting left handed people? ive never fought a lefty.... pretty sure.
Ok, this is ridiculous. You can't swipe from side to side when stretching something between tour teeth and one hand. You dorks have never skinned an animal or used your teeth for anything, and it shows. The only way you can scrape is directly away from your teeth, which places the tool in the same orientation, but NOT because you're scraping sideways.
When I was a kid they tried to make me right handed in school… Writing, using scissors and all that kind of stuff. One day I was trying to cut a piece of yarn in class and I decided to try to use the scissors like a pair of garden shears because I couldn’t get the hang of using them right handed. I ended up stabbing myself right underneath the eye. It freaked the teacher out so bad after seeing that I almost put my eye out trying to use those things that she gave up and never tried to change me again.  In some ways I wish I would’ve learned how to do more things right handed… I love being left-handed but it would’ve been nice to be able to do a lot of things with either hand.
I gave this video a thumbs up with my dominant left hand
I write with my right hand but apparently I use cutlery like a left handed person does so I always end up laying out the table wrong on special occasions! I also use my left foot more easily when I need to hold a door shut or something.
I don’t think genetics has to do with hand dominance.
Well, at least us southpaws are in our right minds.  👍
What about people who use both fairly equally?
Maybe it began as a cultural thing? And has been passing hand to hand through mimicking elders and teachers?
Since most history is about war in large formations, how did commanders deal with left handed soldiers
Humans were evil they used both thier hands for evil stuff so nature made them one handed
It’s due to language? and mirroring as small children?
So, if you like sports, you should be ambidextrous to gain an advantage?
And 90% people who watch this video is leftie because of the title we want to know our origin
Great episode. I'm left handed with fine motor skills (like writing) but right handed with actions requiring strength (like chopping wood)
I'm left handed for writing and eating only. Everything else such as kicking or throwing a ball, brushing teeth, using hand tools etc. is all right handed. I'm literally right handed in everything apart from writing and eating.  Is anyone here like this?
I'd bet it came from killing each other with weapons and the task of cleaning animal hide for protection
As a lefty I feel slighted by the algorithm
He mentioned that the left-handed advantage disappears if the proportion of lefties rises above a certain point, but there is a significantly higher-than-population-level number of left-handed pitchers in MLB, and they consistently perform better against righties than against lefties, while right-handed pitchers still do better against left-handed batters. So it seems like in baseball at least, the opposite-hand advantage still stands, whatever the matchup percentage.
I concur in "combat", I used to fence and the worst opponent was a left handed guy, I broke my thumbnail more than once when we tried to strike the same Spot simultaneously
My mother was right-handed, as were both her parents.  My father was left-handed, but I have no idea if one or both of them was left-handed, or neither.  I'm ambidextrous.  All of my kids are right-handed.  Genetics can be tricky things.
As a lefty I think I have to start boxing because of this video
I always suspect there's something about the position of our hearts.  When in melee combat,  lefthanded expose the heart more.  It's not that a dominated genetic force b'cos we went to ranged weapon instead of melee on hurting.
Play an instrument if you want to increase the dexterity and use of your less dominant hand!
Lefties are sexier
I write with my left but do most other things right handed.
I am left handed 😃
Hominids did not split from the Chimpanzee. Hominids wer a separate branch of apes  !
i am 100% left handed and footed. I have only ever met one left-handed doctor -maybe we are less "hands-on" which this doc seems to suggest.
Right dominant eye, left dominant ear, right dominant hand, left dominant foot.. just simply amazing🤪🤪🤪
0:57 lmaooo
Being a southpaw most will never see a left hook coming
1:54 I thought the color choices for left and right were very strange. But could they be optimized to appear different to most colorblind people? If so, that's a really neat accessibility feature.
What happened to Steve?
##### show topic... don’t think I have seen an episode on first North Americans.. is that because it’s still so uncertain about where and when the migrations happened?.. you guys do such good shows I thought it be nice to see how and when the Atlantic coast of North America was populated... thank you for all the great episodes
Being a left handed musician, it us hard to find instruments that aren't expensive lol. Drums you can just switch around.
I think my dog was a lefty
I'm a lefty, raised in a family of righties, with a right handed husband, yet of our 3 children, 2 are left handed, one boy and one girl.
I favor my teeth over my hands like the Neanderthals!
Duuude no way. They are not about to try to explain that right now.
I'm right handed but left eye dominant
I suppose it depends on the size of the population. My wife and I have four children, three sons and a daughter. I'm the only normal one in the family. All the rest are south paws. LOL!
Cool video, now my teeth hurt thinking about a rock scratching them.
It just makes sense to become an expert at using one hand
Premium content
"better coordination, memory, and verbal skills" umm.. yeah totally..
Am I the only one heard a minecraft theme music?
Me, a lefty watching this: *interesting*
Fun Fact chimps are NOT our closest ancestor but actually the more peaceful bonobo
Super rad Indiana Jones jacket
-So what did you learn today? -Kangaroos are left handed.
Weird that they don't mention that you have a matching foot preference. Although it is only really noticeable in sports that use the feet.
Left hand gang rise up!!!!!! I love being a minority
Cats, both wild and domestic, display handedness as well
I guess he is "right" about being human, it "left" me thinking so I have to "hand" it to them for this video
what about people who mostly use their right foot to kick? is there also a term for people who often use the right/left foot to kick?
it kinda makes me unreasonably mad that he says nee-an-deur-tall instead of knee-an-dur-th-all
Eons, I was wondering if y'all could shed some light on a question that has been rolling around in my head for a good while.  Why do us humans start making clicking or kissing sounds when we're dealing with animals but not with other people?
Sadly, full of hypotheses. Specially, in case of BA44 & lefty advantage section. But this idea's are intuitive.
Train to be both handed
I’m to dumb to understand what the heck is happening, so left handed individuals think better for some reason?
Me being left handed, I do wonder why most are right handed.
I am just astounded by how smart and ingenious Archeologists are....They found out that Neanderthals were right handed by just looking at some Scratch marks on a 100K year old Teeth Fossil!! Mindblown! 🤯😮
more stuff like this please
Used to play darts and pool left hand vs right hand( was lonely b4 marriage)
Being a lefty, I often face tools away from me to use them, like mugs, my stand mixer and my guillotine paper cutter. I miss seeing a lot of logos and images that way because the backs are never decorated.
Observational learning?
I just love PBS Eons
A dad joke from a girl? Far out!
I dribble a soccer ball or basketball on my left but favor striking or shooting with my right. I can hit a running dog with(throwing) a tennis ball with either hand
I thought polar bears were predominantly left-handed
As a carpenter I can bend a nail with either hand
So...  Crustaceans having claw preference isn't real?   Dogs preferring to lay on the same side isn't either?   Why do basically all animals have a preference in some way, since we're the only animals on earth that do?   Research better.
I'm almost fully ambidextrous. I either do a task almost equally good with both hands-feet, or I do it equally bad hahahah
Left handed might be a small advantage as you describe but many geniuses have been Ambidextrous and I think that mentally that's a major advantage on how the brain procces and interchange information...
I have terrible coordination, and memory and only average verbal skills. I want a refund so that I can use scissors
What’s crazy to me is that people used to get punished for being left-handed
I write left-handed, but basically do everything else right-handed... very weird
Why don't we have a word that describes "handedness" better?
Apparently, left handed people also have shorter than average lifespans by up to 9 years. The lower life expectancy is supposedly a result of left handers being more likely to suffer an automotive or industrial accident.
I'm considered right handed, though I fight southpaw and exhibit ambidexterity with most tasks that don't include right-hand-specific tools, writing, or blade manipulation.   It's a useful trick, and it's funny how many people never notice when you write notes with your right hand while browsing online articles with your left.
Left handed is a recessive trait. I'm the child of two left handed parents that is right handed.
I'm right handed but force myself to try and use my left when I can. Being a labourer using one side of your body constantly isn't good. I noticed it when I was young and a drywall mover was lopsided from constantly carrying heavy weight on one side.
We're slowly becoming crabs.
When you re left handed the struggle
I'm the rare group of people who are Mixed Handed... I have to always correct people when they assume this means "ambidextrous"... that would imply I can do things well with either hand. Mix Handed people can't do anything well with either!
So you’re telling me that not only am I rare ‘cause I’m a leftie, but also that i’m way more rare ‘cause I’m a woman?
I use a mouse with my right hand, but if the mousepad is on a laptop I use my left hand.
I want to see this host without his shirt on for one of these, YouTube won't flag it, and he's clearly ripped like a bad report card. I'm mostly Lesbian, but HOT SCIENCE TALKY MAN!
Left handed people are a blight on reality... 😬
*This is because the vast majority of humans can't handle the awesomeness of being left-handed.* 🤘💪🤳🤜
Language areas are also in the left part of the brain, an area (ability) that I believe developed closely to right handed preference!
While there is certainly no right way to be human, we can all agree that there definitely is a wrong way to be human.
Please explain left-eyedness and footedness.  Thanks!
excuse my ignorance, did we really split from chimpanzees? like actual chimpanzees?
Apparently polar bears are mostly left-pawed...
This proves it, left handed people are subhuman.
4 out of 6 of my family members are left including me except my 2nd to last sibling and my father
I’ve always been fairly ambidextrous, and while my right hand does seem stronger in some cases, I can play ping pong with both my right and left.  I can’t hold a pencil comfortably in EITHER hand.
I’m a lefty and my uncle (my mom’s brother) is also a lefty. We share the same birthday 😗✌🏽
I'm left-handed,  and I'm offended by this video! I don't know why. I'm just a bitter lefty I guess. Damn world is built for you righties.
Me being ambidextrous and watching this video: ok
What about being ambidextrous? Is it an even split with of ability between the two hands or is it always one thats slightly better?
As a person who is fully ambidextrous, I've always been fascinated by handedness. My father told me that when I was first learning to write, I'd write half-way across the page with my left hand first, then hand-off in the middle and finish writing with my right hand. To this day I still eat the food on the left half of my plate with my left hand, then pass the fork to my right to eat the food on that side.  Interesting thing #1: Back in Jr. High I was sitting around the table in the caf with my group of 9 close friends. I was surprised I hadn't noticed it before, but as I looked around the table at everyone eating, EVERYONE at the table was eating with their left hands. My whole cliq was a bunch of lefties!  Interesting thing #2: My cat is left-handed.  Interesting thing #3: My older brother is the only person on both sides of the family who is strictly left-handed, all the cousins included. My father and I are the only two ambis. Everyone else is a bunch of righties.  Interesting thing #4: I do have a few odd specializations. When I write on a horizontal surface, I tend to go at it first left-handed when not otherwise prevented. When I write on a vertical surface (chalkboard/whiteboard), my preference shifts to my right.
Who dislikes these kinds of videos?
I'm right-handed, playing baseball and golf right-handed, but for some reason I've always played hockey left handed.
Wrong.Emphatically.  Racoons are right handed. The whole premise of this video is flawed and wrong from my direct observations and study of this specific phenotypic bias. PBS Eons,call if you wish to create a doc.
I'm left dominant, very much left "eyed" but I'm pretty ambitious with my hands
I appreciate you slowing down the narration. It made it significantly easier to keep up with the information.
So maybe do a video on what happens when your born left handed but taught how to do everything right handed. I am that, Not ambidextrous but have a ability to use my left hand for some tasks better then my right hand. Also just say T-rex like Mr. Mike Tyson would.
Thank you for consistently creating quality content!!!
Fencing against lefties was hard for the reasons mentioned: they trained against lots of righties, but we rightiez rarely spent much time against southpaws. That said, there is a vulnerable place just above the left hip they reliably expose.😄 Many soccer players are strongly-footed (search "lamela rabona"). Strangely, even tho I am strongly rt handed, I can play equally well with either foot ... tho they do different things.😕
Left handed combat advantage has a lot to do with the liver position
no RIGHT way to be human, well played
Pretty sure 90% of cats are left pawed
Haven't even seen the obvious and old joke here... Left handed people are the only one's in their right mind!
If you ask your dog to give you a paw, they give you the same paw, is that dominant paw a thing?  My parrot and budgie does this too.
Me, thinking about T-Rex and wondering if it had a dominant tiny hand...
Cockatoos are left-footed.
Theory: the rise of tool use led to better (evolutionary) fitness from right handers. One group, early on after the split with chimpanzees, made tools for predominantly right-handed individuals, and thus they could be more easily used by other right-handed individuals: for the generations, right handed tools became the default and thus right-handed people could more easily use them and be able to survive to reproduce. Heck, we still see certain tools today that are overwhelmingly designed for right handed people (scissors and computer mice spring to mind immediately, although scissors do have left-handed variants and, while I haven't seen any explicitly left-handed gaming computer mice, I'm sure that the rise in symmetric designs for general use mice is more than just a design fad).
Fashion icon
Such a great channel. Keep spreading the knowledge you wonderful people
One of the best known lefties that most people don’t realize was...Jimi Hendrix. He had to have all of his guitars strung upside down (or backwards) to normal due to that.
It's a bit of a trope in fencing that left-handed opponents are harder to cope with than righties. Most of the time you train with right-handed trainers, so you don't learn how to adjust when the attacks are coming from the opposite side.  Fortunately for me, an assistant coach on my fencing team was a lefty, and I got lots of practice.
There are more strongly handed species than us like the Fiddler Crab.
Spoiler Alert: Toilet tissue is a recent invention. Humanity wiped their @ss with one hand and ate, handled tools and shook with the other. No mystery involved.
Leftie woman here!!
And here I am, a cross-dominant, wondering how does our brain works.
People: uses mouths as hands too Me: using my chin as a hand
I am a rightie no doubt but there are some things I do like a leftie no idea why.  I cut my meat like a leftie and always have - my parents never understood lol.  I have tried cutting like a rightie and I can’t.
My dad is missing his right middle finger
This is so amazing!  In 2016, someone blew an air horn too close and I lost my hearing in my left ear, some damage to my right ear. Balance issues, too!   After about two years of daily therapy, I became Both handed and regained some of my hearing loss.   I am now a leftie
I didn't get the joke.... can anyone explain it to me?
Another hypothesis I would like to get verified is this- by having a dominant hand, we are able to allocate all brain power resources to one hand, allowing us to sacrifice use of both for more complex actions in one. Also we avoid storing motor information for the same task for both hands separately, increasing efficiency.
Are you a lefty?
I play guitar and never understood how I'm so right hand dominant, but I play quite technical things with my left hand as all right handed guitar players do. I wonder why that is.
Or it could have emerged when it no longer became an evolutionary benefit
How many times did you have to repeat facts in this video? Why do you have to say the same thing more than once? DOWNVOTED. You shitters stretched a two minute video to 9 minute one.
E
Believe it or not dogs show hand preference too.  Ask anyone who participates in Flyball Racing.  One of the first things we do when we get a new dog to train is see which turning preference they have.  This gives the dog a speed advantage when they retrieve the ball from the box.    While it's been years since I've had any dogs with the right stuff to race, I believe that it's probably a 50/50 split.  I never took any numbers back then, but that's what it seemed like.  If you want some hard numbers you can do some research at tournaments whenever we're allowed to do them again  FYI the 2 that I raced were both lefties.  My current, non sports dog is also a lefty.  I've also had 2 herders that preferred to heel livestock from the left if given the chance, but my neighbor's corgi heels on the right.  Again I'm just reporting my personal observation, so don't take my small study size results as fact.
If any physiologists/anthropologists would be interested in a realtime study population, I can suggest one* for you. As an adult lefty, I've been subjected to countless inconveniences and a few distinct advantages. I have become naturally more aware of people's "Handedness" than most folks, and can tell you that I have never, ever, seen such a concentration of Left-Handed People as I encountered while spending a year (2006) working in *Buena Vista, Chaffee County, Colorado.
Where my Lefty South Paws at?
That males are more likely to be left handed is also explained with this- as there was more competition between men in prehistoric era
I grew up right-handed because my first grade teacher insisted that everyone in her class was right handed because being left handed was wrong .... In the end, it's actually worked out to my advantage because I'm more or less ambidextrous now
It also goes deeper than that, as a species there is a consciousness shift that takes place as we progress through time. It's a rhythm back and forth. we are currently a consciously/subconsciously masculine species. Our left hemisphere of our brain is the male brain. It's behavior off logic and is task oriented. We are or should be soon switching back to a more feminine species so it is also likely that we could have that switch as well. And we'll ditch all those stupid right headed tools
so basically being on the left is more inclusive and advantageous as being on the right and believing Qanon?
Is it right to say that we split from chimpanzees? Chimps didn't exist yet when we split from the common primate ancestors.
Why are so many actors left handed?.  It was once suggested to me that, humans could in combat could cover their heart with their left hand while wielding a weapon with their right.  I think my father was left handed until he went to a Catholic grammar school where the nuns beat it out of him.  My older son (now 30 and an architect) was ambidextrous until he was about 12 when he became left handed.  I believe it was a choice.  The brain is more plastic than we admit.
As a southpaw, I can confirm the tennis/MMA thing.
Im a lefty, but honestly, i still have a better writing that my freind
I feel slightly offended. I'm a left handed person
I am right handed but I am stronger in my left arm.
As a Left-hander, I find it fun to watch someone try to use my Left-Handed shears for cutting things.   I also find that most high volume printers are designed to be used by left-handed operators, especially those that are continuous feed.   Because the paper moves right to left in the printer many right-handed people find it hard to properly load and feed the paper.  They constantly try doing it with the right hand rather than using their left.
So im a Warrior type. Figured no wonder why im in jail.
Obviously humans and kangaroos have evolved to try and have an advantage over each other when boxing. It was a close race, but we know who won that fight 😉
Can you guys talk about the evolution of tails in mammals?
Where's my left handed people at 👀
I really appreciate the proper pronunciation of neandethal
I am minimum the third consecutive generation of lefties going to my paternal grandfather. This is super super interesting
"There's no right way to be human" ... so nobody should feel LEFT out! :P
When dolphins wash fish onto shore they always use only their right side. All of them everytime
Lefties=SATANSATANSATANSATANSATAN
In asia we encourage right handedness . We call left handed individuals as being in the way .
ambidextrous ✅
"There is no right way to be human" ❤️
Does anyone else wonder if Steve is okay? I miss hearing "and Steve" after John davidson ng
Interesting point about combative sports. I was a fencer in college and fenced left handed. Something like 85% of world champion fencers are lefties. And I can say from experience that righties HATE fencing a lefty because everything is "backwards" and attacks are harder to parry
Not that I know anything but I (am guessing &) feel that the heart being on the left side (>99% of the time) _probably_ has a large role in affecting & making the right hand the dominant hand a far more advantageous evolutional development. Stressing the muscles by the heart at all may affect the part of the brain that is associated with the autonomous function of the heart; thus the brain should, for evolutional advantages, optimize to make use of the right hand since there are less nerves associated with the right chest area.
There are only 2 lefties in my immediate family me & my younger brother
i coach football for about 200 kids a week. id say 90% are left handed. always wondered if we are becoming more dominant with our left now
Glad I’m part Neanderthal, Homo Sapien 2.0
So , how does that account for dominant eyes ?  I know several people who are right handed , and left eye dominant .  It changes how they perceive visual input .   I haven’t noticed lefty’s being more coordinated , in fact , the opposite... but I have noticed they make up a larger number of actors and professional speakers .  They seem more mentally inclined in certain activities and less physical .  Analytical rather than emotive .  Good mimics .
I was born completely autistic, but I'm now extremely high-functioning.   When I was young, I did not know how to act, but I did write with my right hand.  I did not have a set gender either.  Years ago, I was painting my house when my now late spouse caught me using my left hand on the left side of a window.  I seem to be ambidextrous, so it is logical for me to use my left hand for doing tasks to my left.  Note: violin players hold the bow in their right hand, even if they are left-handed.
I am mostly right handed, but used both hands a lot as a child equaly. Even sometimes now as an adult. So to get an advantage, I used to switch hands during fencing. Messes up the  most fighting partners. Switching up in bothhanded combat like using two small warhammers or axes is even more confusing. Changing the attacking and defending hand constantly gave me an advantage even with normally better fighters. To the point switching was no longer allowed. I know its a little bit unfair to switch, but hey use what you've got 😉
Right, I'll hand it to you, I was left thinking, on the other hand.
I had a stroke at 21 and lost the ability to usd my dominant right hand. For the next 10 years i did everything with my left hand. 16 years later it is still more comfortable to use my right hand although im way more coordinated with my left.
!
This is a nice coincidence, just as I was laying out a plan to practice wielding a prop sword with my left hand, as I am planning to cosplay a character that wields a sword left-handed. (Though I believe he's ambidextrous, he just prefers his left hand for his sword.) It'll be difficult to do as I'm right handed and the sword is quite an unwieldy length to boot, but I want to give it a try to give a more authentic in-character performance. I've been thinking a lot about handedness lately for that reason.
My late Dad was right handed except for eating.  The first thing he would do when he sat down to eat he would swap his knife and fork. As kids we would prank him by setting his place for left handed so that he would have to do a double swap. Miss you dad ❤️
can one try training to be a lefty?
Leftie or rightie, the liver is still on the right side, making it more vulnerable for leftie fighters, partially negating their advantage. Says the guy who know little of boxing.
I boxed, boxing with lefties is WEIRD the first time you encounter it.
I’m left-handed but do a lot of things with my right. I learned how to be ambidextrous. In elementary school, when learning how to write, I instinctively turned the paper opposite of a right-handed person because it made sense to do that; I don’t write with my left arm all scrunched up & curled over  the paper. My writing does slant the opposite way of a right-hander. When I was young, there was a store for lefties, where everything was built for their comfort-scissors, spiral notebooks with the spiral on the right side etc. It was a cool fad but I never forgot how to use things with my right.
i JUST got done saying he would never have drip, and then he drops this fit
At my mma gym we are coach specifically trains a lot of guys to be switch-hitters. As time goes on in Combat Sports switch-hitting is becoming more common. Because you can just start to disrupt angles more. Also when exiting a clinch you don't have to cross your feet in order to get to a balanced ( most Fighters fight with their dominant hand and leg behind them the same way most baseball players will hit with their dominant side behind them)
Significantly more than half of all people are right-eye dominant. Visual dominance isn't something you consciously control, and there may be a strong association between right-hand preference to go along with right-eye dominance -- such as in throwing weapons, reaching to grab things, using bows and arrows, and many military weapons are definitely designed to be used right-handed only. Through evolutionary eons this preference might become more fixed.
I’m left handed who is with me ?!?!?!
7:10- you gonna hit me with your right fist huh? This is where I bloc...(gets hit by left fist)... bruh...
My father in law is left handed, and my husband is very right handed. I made the mistake of sitting between them at a long table during dinner one day. I got so many elbows between them. LOL
Bro how do you know that kangaroos have an arm preference if they don’t use tiols
I've learned from HEMA that left handed opponents have that advantage. I was very happy to see that in this video :)
I was disappointed that you didn't address how being ambidextrous fits into this picture. Since I'm  truly ambidextrous I'm curious about how I evolved too.🙃
There's no such thing as left, just right and wrong.
I was born a lefty but i forced to be right handed by the catholic school i went to as a wee lad
I'm proud to have a southpaw for my better half.
So am I stupid for using my teeth as a third hand or is it something that we're supposed to do?
The outfit today 👌👌👌
70% to 95% is a very big difference hahah
My cat is 10 years old, I just moved to a two story home, he ALWAYS goes down the stairs right handed.
amazing, tanks eons
I've Always Wondered Why The Number Of Ambidextrous People Is So Low, When Surely Being Ambidextrous Would Give You A Clear Advantage, No?
I did something I regret 225 million years ago... I hope the fossils don’t reveal it 😳
May strong handedness be a trade-off between being capable of very fine motor skills with our strong hand while not having to have 2 large dedicated parts of our brain (1 for each hand in this case)?
yeah but when we was young kids in school the teachers used to force us to make right hand our dominate one  right handed is a learned thing
Ok something I learned from this video: Athletes are built like crustaceans
I’m curious as to why many righties swap hands to cut food when using a fork and knife together, while lefties don’t tend to swap.
It's uncanny how often I have a random question like "I wonder if people have always been right handed and are there any predominantly left handed animals" and then later that day you answer me.
The way I see it, it's my left it's stronger but less accurate, my right it's fast and more accurate than the left, when I'm talking about  the legs and arms, more accurate with right foot and hand to control what position I have to be on to perform certain tasks, perhaps it's just that part of the brain that controls the other side? Don't know, I can lift slightly more with my left, but I can jump way more with it than the right.
I'm right handed, but my left arm is probably stronger, cause you know, right hand holds the mouse or phone.
In short “ we don’t know”
I feel like they could have also mentioned how lefties were evil or malicious in some cultures and were even punished for it which could also have an impact on current ratios
Who cut that Neanderthal’s hair??
I’m left handed, like super left landed lol. Even my left leg is my smart leg, but my right leg is stronger. My left arm is stronger and a little bigger as well.
Lefties are more likely in being dyslexic.
Yeah I'll switch to my right hand when the english language is written right to left and I don't have to write my words backwards
My right arm is bigger than my left arm
The last sentence pun ended well, there is no "right" way to doing things. Haha
Lefties rule!
Environment factors, is there a right hand rituals? Perhaps can explain why a both of people in the past were right handed. If and only if the beliefs were an environmental factor!
"Why Grug laugh?" "Because Grug know a thing" "What thing?" "Grug not left handed"
0:57
LEFT HANDERS OP
Bro... why didn't he just scrape away from his face!? Also, he could've stood on one end and pulled the other end tight with his left - freeing up his right hand. Or just hang it up like how hide is skinned today...
love your outfit in this video.
Stop saying "after our split from chimpanzees".... We split from the common ancestor, not from any chimpanzee
Wait so were there lefty and righty T-Rexes?
I wonder how ambidextrous people play into the left handedness conversation
I had an lovely aunt (now deceased) who was a University Math Professor, and who was also ambidextrous.  I was told that the 1st day of each class she would enter the room, quietly face the blackboard or whiteboard, then put up TWO complex mathematical equations - _SIMULTANEOUSLY!_   From that moment on she had *every* student's attention. 😉👍     (I miss you, Aunt Jean!)
On especially feared and hated style of combat in Medieval Europe was that of Hurrian/Hungarian fighters with a flail and shield, that were left-handed. It was impossible to parry that blow as it would hit your own "sword side" instead of the side of your body covered by a large shield.
I want to work for you! I will move back to  MT
I was right handed up until my teens when I shattered the bones in my right hand. I couldn't do school work or play videogames for weeks, but the more I wrote, did laundry and played my bodhran with my left hand the more my dexterity improved. I've been ambidextrous with a slight preference to my right since. (most things are build for right handed people)
No  Steve? 🤔
My wife and I are lefties and both our kids are righties.....ah genetics
I was so eager to hear the advantages of left-handedness only to realize I have none of them lmao
If a person with right handed genes is raised all their life to use their left hand, then would they end up being left handed?
Decades ago I was listening to Marshall MacLuhan speak, and he suggested that brain dominance can be a different situation if one is the left-handed child of a left-handed mother.  That would be me so I always wondered how he came to that conclusion. I feel that I have always had a healthy level of connections between my left and right sides anyhow ...
So I have a question what about crustaceans like crabs and lobsters that have larger claws on one side? Wear did thag adaption come from and why
The guy with the feather over his ear, how'd ya get _HIS_ pic?  I think I dated him in college (in the Holocene Epoch), & haven't seen him since!
Qué beio ser zurdi
Sorry very sleepy..  My family MADE me use my right hand bc my mom's parents said so.
I its school teachers and religion.. School tea hers was t right handed kids b.s. All equipment fits all kids and parents what them to fit it. I was forbid to write a with my left hand.
my best friend in high school was a leftie. i'm not ambidextrous but my left is alright. i switched to fighting southpaw so we could spar better. later on in life, i had shoulder surgery on my right arm. using my left as my dominant arm was ok but i simply didn't like it.  i write right-handed and use my cell phone right-handed. i surf "goofy" (left). i fight southpaw (left). i play drums "open-handed" (left). But I'm definitely right-handed.  left is for power and energy conservation. right is for accuracy.
Left-handedness can also give you an edge in baseball!
There's enough misunderstanding about how selective pressure works that I feel it's important to point this out: left-handedness does not need to provide any advantage to keep existing, it just needs to not be a reproductive _disadvantage._  When you really break it down, traits are never selected for, only selected against.
Left handedness might just not be enough of a detriment to be totally bred out.
The former Soviet Union trained almost all their hockey players to play left-handed. Most Canadian hockey players play left-handed even though they are right-hand dominant otherwise.
We lefties are better than you righties!  Too many of us lefties would make the world too good. Lol.  So we are limited to give you righties a chance!!!   Lol
There are still left handed people so "there must be some kind of evolutionary advantage"? Um, no, that's not how evolution works. Don't disappoint me guys. :/ It is a random trait that is not disadvantageous, so there is no reason for it to be selected out. Does it impede your survival or reproduction? No? Then it stays in the gene pool. Interesting video nonetheless!
The difference exists, but not that huge. If you force yourself do something with the other hand, you can do a lot better than you thought.
the script is very repetitive, idk if anyone else felt this way.
Could it also be added that as skills and processes were first learned, by a person who happened to be right handed, and by discovering a process or skill that improved (unknowingly) their probability of surviving, and given that extra time, the chances of passing on or teaching anyone else that skill would be based on whatever the dominate hand would have been in the teaching aspect of a visual learning over vocal instructions..id imagine the latter were lacking clarity...haven't we all been there har-har.
I am left-handed and have terrible memory and verbal skills XP
Is it perhaps because your right arm is further away from your heart, and it means that it's slightly less lethal to injure it?
But to be fair, without the jacket, the evidence points to you dressing like the villain from the third blade movie. Comfortable... yet... not quite trustworthy.
I mean I would point out that the possible advantages of left handedness are not in the least bit surprising. Most of us have played sports before and can extrapolate that you'd gain the same advantage in fighting. Although let's be honest both lefties and righties dread the ambies, especially in a sport like tennis or combat situations.
Keep it up guys... 👍👍👍👍   P.S. I'm not that good at making interaction with strangers...
I like where this is leading. Affirmative action for left handed people.
It all has to do with which eye is dominant. If you are left eye dominant its extremely likely your gonna be left hamded/footed
My dads left handed .. I’m left handed and my son is left handed. #longliveleftys
I think I can say as a left handed person that being a lefty is a quick way to make yourself feel special.  And I remember back when I used to do boxing and being a lefty gave me quite an upperHAND.
There’s a lot of evidence that you made the choice to wear that jacket because it’s awesome.
So... in short, left-handedness is a result of infighting within the species. Lefty backstabbers. LOL.
Ambidextrous superiority folk, come together. We will conquer the world.
It's interesting because there are two left handed women in my family. My grandmother and my cousin are left handed.
It's interesting to learn that males tend to be lefties more often because most lefties I know are women.
Heavy weight boxing didn't have a southpaw boxer win a belt until 1994 and he was a right handed southpaw.
Thanks!
I... don't get the joke..................
Me, a lefhanded:  :l   >:l
Well in right handed
bullying
im a leftie and can do things with my right hand but righting yaaaaaa only right with left if you want to read it
It is a bonus when bowling over the stumps in cricket as most bowlers are right handed and batsmen are not used to the different angle and swing or spin of a molly dooker. 🇦🇺👍🏏
I had a first grade teacher back in the late '50s who was nearing retirement, an old school teacher in both senses of the phrase. As a south paw she'd walk up behind me and pull the pencil or crayon out of my left hand and put it in my right. I'd just glare at her and put it back in my left. I was always in trouble with her. My dad and sister were left handed and my mom and I were left. As for the cause and affect about the difference in the brain, until you see one precede the other and have a plausible mechanism it's not fact or even a theory, it's a hypothesis. After all, everyone who breaths, dies. So breathing causes you to die.
lefty: *uses left hand in the middle ages*  everyone: "iS tHiS wiTchCraFt?"
I like that philosophy, " there is no right way to be human."
I thought it had to do with the same common ancestor we had to lobsters, which is why they have crusher and scissor claws not symmetrical ones, i’ve been living a lie
I picked my nose with my left hand only.
RIP Steve
Most of us are right handed, and the rest are wrong.
the history of art in people, i know that might be hard to do but i’d love to know when in our hominid ancestors past did we first develop creative drawing to an accurate degree or with intention of replicating/enhancing that which we see.
Identical twin here, technically my brother and I are "mirror" twins.  I'm a lefty, he's a righty.  I know they've done handedness studies in twins, just don't remember the outcomes...
If a trait is consistently at a particular percentage, does that hint towards it being epigenetic rather than genetic?
Our right arm has higher blood pressure than the left due to our asymmetric cardiovascular system. Someone mentioned horses prefer left side and their left "arm" recieves blood from the second branch off the aorta not the third like in humans.
As a south paw It’s true and I love catching my sparring partner off gaurd with a hook
Interestingly the benefit of left-handedness in combat is attested through history, as well. A gladiator being left-handed was considered a strong advantage to have.
Left-handedness may not be genetic at all, with no evolutionary component.  21% of twins are left-handed, compared to 10% of the general population.  Based on this, scientists studying left-handedness think that it occurs when a zygote splits, creating a mirror zygote that is left-handed.  The non-twin left-handed population probably absorbed their twin in the womb, a very common occurrence. Related, it's likely that a much, much larger percentage of the population are "chimeras" than currently thought.  A chimera is a person with more than one set of DNA in their bodies (but not in their cells).  They occur when they merge with their twin, and officially they are a portion of the population too small to measure.  However, bone marrow transplants and other medical procedures are starting to uncover more and more chimeras, so scientists suspect that the only reason they seem so rare is that we only take genetic samples from a few types of tissue.  Any portion of a person can be chimeric, so to find out for sure we would have to take samples from basically every organ.  Chimerism would also explain how people get genetic "mismatches," like different color hair on different parts of their body, or eye colors that don't normally occur with a given hair color, like brown-eyed gingers.
CHONK
Had to slip that dad joke on lol
Lefties rise up
When your jealous your not left handed like the rest of us on this video.
I am Ambidextrous, so I can use both my hands for pretty much anything. It don't matter which hand I use.
I am filing this under questions I never thought of asking but am now wondering why I never asked them.
Thanks.  Been a southpaw all my life, except my dad forced me to golf right handed (don't like golf).  Although I am not, by any means, a boxer, I did find some advantage in college level boxing by the element of surprise noted against an opponent. Love having been a left handed 1st baseman.  It's better that way.
Maybe it has to do with the allocation of chores within a community. Left handedness  is associated with an artistic bent and art is probably an important part of our evolution.
Why does the left hemisphere control the right side of the body? Shouldn't it be flipped?
I’m right handed, but when I need to steer a bike with only one hand, I have a MUCH harder time keeping my balance with my right hand than I do with my left. Also I ride a snowboard goofy. I’ve always wondered why
I feel like I can do a lot with my left hand but when it comes to writing or chopsticks my left hand just buffers and it’s chicken scratch and no beef and broccoli for me
im right handed but when I carry heavy things i prefer to use my left hand... why is that ???
been an anbi is really conbinient too:)
Who did these captions, that dude there?
I was suppose to be left handed, but it was seen as the devil’s hand. Today I can’t write with both. Oddly enough, I can write backwards with my left. Sometime apparently common for lefties.
Why most humans are right winged?
I feel like you're missing the big story here. Homo habilis manipulated animal hides? That's huge!
where my lefties at 😂
From my experience fencing, I can tell you that southpaws are definitely have an advantage because no one's used to fighting someone who primarily uses their left hand- including the southpaws.
I'm mostly left-handed, but with tasks requiring both hands, like firing a rifle, golf, cricket or wielding an axe, etc., I am right-handed. At prep school in the '50s, one old teacher, Miss Hillbrook, made me change my spoon at lunchtime from my left hand to my right. It took me two years to go back to my left after leaving!
If left-handedness is more common in males than females, is is possibly an X-linked trait?
Why is it that athlete's have more left handed and footed people than on average for the population? But if you know your opponents as most professional sportsmen do then why is it still a surprise for other professionals. Maybe they get better coaching and training and are better when they are younger as when you are young you don't really know your opponents. But surely it wouldn't produce  a change that goes from about 1 in 10 to about 1 in 2 or 3 at high levels. And if you are looking at soccer why does this tend to disappear in lower leagues but stay true in the higher leagues?
gg gaming
Btw both of those boxers are right-handed. But yes, left-handedness is an advantage in both unarmed and armed fighting.
My left hand is better at doing right handed stuff than the right hand is at doing the left handed stuff.
it is interesting to know that all mammals have a degree of handedness.  Even whales (and other marine mammals) demonstrate a preference.
I learned every sport first right handed, then switched over to left.
We are evolutionary leftovers.
And I am left handed.
I was in kindergarten the first time I picked up a pencil. It was deliberately set on the right side of the desk. I remember holding it in my hand and considering why this hand, and choosing the other one. anyway, my handwriting is terrible.
Hey, do any other primates have a hand preference? I didn’t quite get that part. I don’t think you said it enough times 🤣😉
I experienced the left hand advantage when I studied fencing in college. Out of what I think was probably less than 20 students I was one of two lefties we rarely met each other during practice so most of the time people meeting me were used to fencing right-handers and so was I.  I was in fact at a disadvantage when I fenced the other left hander in class.
Incy wincy spider Climbed up the water spout Down came the rain And washed the spider out
Wait how do we know its not possible that the scratches would start low and go up on the teeth? What is causing the distinction in up/down direction of the scratches? Thinking about it, if I push something rigid against my teeth, wouldn't it be more likely to move towards the direction of the gums due to the slight curvature of the teeth? It's not exactly scientific, but trying it out with my fingernail right now and it seems to be much more likely for my finger to slide towards my gums.
It’s a safety precaution for bleeding out. Look into that. Heart on left.
do we know that chimps haven’t lost hand dominance over the past million years?
Idk, I still think that G. Khan fella has a hand in it...
I'm left-handed with a pencil, but I think I mostly open doors with my right hand.
I wonder if this ties in at all with being left or right eyed dominant?
I watched this expecting to be able to avoid emotional problems I've been having  As a left handed transfem I got dysphoria from this.  Not your fault and I'm not complaining like it is, btw. Great video!
Left hand gang stand up
I had to check to see why most ppl use the wrong hand. LEFTIES UNITE!!! Also...castle defenses were designed for right handed people. Lefties held a huge advantage as attackers in a siege
Just an observation from my family related to the genetics of handedness: both of my parents were left handed and out of my siblings, my brother and I are right handed, and only my sister ended up being left handed. I'm curious how this compares to other people that had two left handed parents. Anyone else have two left handed parents? Did you end up a righty, lefty, or somewhere in between?
My gf is a lefty so I use my left hand when thumb wrestling to even the playing field. It's so cute when shes writing and smudges the white board calendar in our kitchen. God Iove her haha
Blake is just so Gorgeous 😋😍😘💜💚💛💙💓💕💞
Being a lefty, I've picked up a lot of interesting trivia about people like me, including the fact that many lefties can write backwards very legibly (Leonardo da Vinci was famous for keeping his diary this way). Once I discovered I could that that, I tried another experiment and found something very cool. I can put a pen in each hand, then write the same text with both hands - but writing backwards with my left hand and forwards with my right hand. By using my left hand as a sort of guide, I can write much more legibly with my right hand. I'm curious to know how many other lefties can do this. I know I'm not the only one because I saw a video once that mentioned it as a rare lefty trait.
I'm cross dominant. It's definitely weird.
Left handed gang
forcing myself into ambidextry.
I'm left handed yet can use my right for most things (except) writing.
Left-hand gang😎👍
at primary school in NSW Australia we got whacked on the knuckles  with a ruler if we didnt use our right hand ,but i reverted back later
In my freshman year I took up fencing because why not. As I'm left handed, I constantly caught my opponents off guard. I often ended up sparing with the varsity/senior fencers because they wanted practice against left-handed people.
There is definitely a significant genetic component to handedness. I don’t know exactly how far back this trait goes in my family, but 3/4 of my grandparents are left handed, 3/7 of my dad’s siblings are left handed, my dad is left handed, my mom is left handed, my brother is left handed, and I’m left handed. I am the most left-handed in my entire family, to the point that I can’t perform any fine motor skills with my right hand (I can’t even hold a pencil in my right hand) and when I began writing, everything I wrote looked like you were reading it in a mirror. Every character was written correctly, just perfectly mirrored. The concept of handedness has always been very interesting to me, thank you guys for the great video!
Circular Logic but not all bad.  C  🖖
Excellent video
Us lefties usually have terrible handwriting. Last week I wasted 2 hours at the bank partly because their computer refused to accept my signature specimens as they weren't consistent.
Dated a serious fencer for a while. Her dominant right, fencing arm, was actually about 2 cm longer and certainly bigger and stronger.
I am inconsistenly ambidextrous. I write and throw right handed, but swing, kick, punch, and shoot (bow and arrows, I dont like guns) left handed.  Explain that one. Besides being dropped as a baby.
Great episode! Love these looks into the cognitive development of our early ancestors. You mention that men are more likely to be left handed than women. I wonder if this asymmetry is better ascribed to biological sex or societal gender. Has there been demonstrated to be a direct biological link between female sex hormones and more pronounced brain hemisphere lateralization (or male hormones and less lateralization), or could it be that people assigned female at birth are simply less likely to overcome societal discrimination against lefthandedness due to gender norms? Have there been any studies looking at rates of handedness among intersex or non-cisgender people? I would appreciate you acknowledging sex–gender confounds like this explicitly in future episodes, and perhaps even to discuss archeological evidence for the development of sex and gender.
The left handed sample size in professional MMA is tiny, meaning you cant draw legitimate data from it. The script writer is clearly a lefty. lol
So Left-handed people are the only ones in their right mind.
My college fencing club consisted if 60% lefties. Not only did we have an edge over righties, we DESTROYED other lefties, as other clubs only had one at most, and they rarely encountered other lefties.
I love stuff on handedness. I'm cross dominant (a form of ambidexterity) I do so many things as a left handed person would but I write with my right and kick a ball with my right, I see out my left eye more, I'd shoot a bow left or right, I skateboard goofy, I play guitar left, I have no dominant arm for boxing but prefer jabbing with right (almost switch paw). When I was younger both my hands were tested (learning difficulties correlate with handedness apparently) and they both have the same reaction speeds. True ambidexterity boggles my mind however, how people can be almost equally good at most tasks with both hands, and often simultaneously. Surely that must have some peak biological advantages over everyone??
Left handed = sinister. :o
I was always left-handed, but my mom forced me to use my right all the time. I had a really bad writing in 1st grade and she would always scold at me for it too. Now I only write and eat with my right hand, but everything else is done on the left.
I really like that jacket... I wear can I get one?
PBS Eons's research party a very creative team
The liver is on our right side and is not completely protected by the rib cage. A good hit or kick to the liver is enough to drop someone. Protecting our vulnerable side by keeping it further back while utilizing a longer weapon like a spear would be valuable and could lead to more successful hunts.
I am something of a leftie but the only task I do left soley is handwriting because that was my preference as a child.  I could probably learn to write right handedly if needed.  I'd characterise my handedness as left hand = precision, right hand = strength but there's exceptions to even that rule.  I have had people that have known me for years assume I'm right handed from casual observation only to be quite surprised when I start doing the same task with my left hand.  I can use a computer mouse equally dextrously, and in an office situation that's handy.  I can be mousing around with the right hand since that's where most people put the mouse,  while write something with the left or pick up the phone, and dial a number.
We're so many that even bad traits get passed along. There really isn't any "natural" selection as a human. I think what really made us so diverse and spread across the world is because we breed like rabbits more or less. Funny thing is the more educated we become the less children we tend to end up with and the more we isolate ourselves. It's like day and night when you compare people for example living in mud huts, very poor, lots of children - but they are also a LOT more social with each other.
"I reject my humanity jojo"   *writes name left-hand
These guys push agendas that best suits them shame on you PBS! Your always lying even when telling the truth you make me sick.
I could do everything with both hands till I went to school... the teacher would hit my left hand with a ruler when she caught me writing with it saying "The left hand is the devil's hand!" I decided teachers are the devil's right hand.
well I mean the right hand is mans best friend...
Apparently in Ancient Greece left handiness was looked down upon, even being called a lesser human. It’s also why “sin” (the Latin word for left) means “a bad thing” In Nordic if I remember right it was seen as a blessing from the god Tyr (the god who sacrificed his right hand to “fenrisulven” (gigantic evil wolf that is one of the SOO many starters of Ragnarök, mother of the two wolves that (and will devour) sun & moon)
What an absolute load utter drivel some people get payed to say :P
When you are left handed and significant other is too.
claim your "i am left handed" ticket here.
0:38 I've heard that in horse races, horses race around the track in the direction they do (can't recall which) because of their handedness .... hove-dness? Think I heard about it from an anime, in which case it's most likely Gin no Saji/Silver spoon.  Also, regarding the boxing; I've heard, that the lefties advantage mostly applies to lower ranked athletes; then again, there's likely more low ranked/amateur fights, than there is top ranked ones, so the statement about lefties winning more, might not be wrong. Pretty sure I heard about it from the anime Hajime no Ippo. (Iirc, the author works in the boxing industry.)  Yes, I'm aware, it's from anime, and I do take the info with "a grain of salt," as should you; don't believe I've ever heard about any controlled studies on the subjects, though I figured it was worth a mention.
I loved the video! however it seems to me that the script might be improved, specially because it is a little redundant.
"There's no right way to be human" - my man deserves praise for this line 🙏🏼
My father was left handed at a time all children were made to be right handed. But he still used his left hand for a few situations like drawing. My son -his grandson, a grown man now, is ambidextrous but when he was in elementary school his pediatrician said some studies showed it was best to have one hand be dominent. He told my son to pick one hand to be dominent, either left or right. My son chose his right hand but still does a few things with his left hand. He writes with his right hand but his handwriting's not so good and hard to read. He eats with his left hand, but before he chose to be right handed he would eat with either hand. I'm naturally right handed and my son's father was also. Very interesting video!
Tool use very likely plays a part, especially when it comes to use of community tools. A stone knife knapped for a rightie will be different than a left handed knife, so there may have been a selective pressure to have the same handedness as the rest of the tribe.
That jacket is fire dude!
5:00 our split from chimpanzees? Really?
Lefty here, screw righties :P
Does handedness evolution have anything to do with anatomy as well, like the appendix which is only on the right side?
Try to be ambidextrous... A hole new world of possibilities
Reject humanity handedness. Return to monke ambidexterity.
Can somebody explain the pun "t rex"? Thanks
6:58 precisely why I hate going up against left-handed fencers
Dominican baseball shot much appreciated
The Hebrew bible is written from right to left. I`ve frequently thought, it must have been a left handed person who wrote the first Hebrew bible.
I forget where I read about this, but it was something along the lines of our relatively acute color vision for a mammal (birds have got us beat there) takes more brain power and it had to come from somewhere, so a drop in dexterity on one hand was at least part of the cost.
I clearly prefer my right hand for cooridnated stuff, but if i were to punch someone, like a proper haymaker, it be with my left, could be cuz i'm left footed though which is another thing as well. PEople are mostly talking about handedness but there's footedness aswell which does not entirely work out with the tool usage explenation, unless of course you just hand wave it away with it's a result of the handedness, whihc then ofcourse leads me to ask, yeah but my handedness and legedness is different, how does that make sense :D
Hey eons could you do a special about the sturgeon it's a fish that first appeared 200 million years ago and has branched into many fresh and saltwater species and they was supper successful in there respective habits but when humans started industry fishing them a lot of species became vulnerable and endangered or threatened, if you guys can make a video of the sturgeon it would really make me happy because then the sturgeon can hopefully get more support that they need
The orthophonist my mom brought me to when i was a kid told my mom after a gazillion tests that i was among the rare persons to be non-lateralized... I'm not a pure leftie although i write with my left hand and do a bunch of stuff with this hand... i just realized when i was listening to this very interesting video that I was eating my rice with holding the chop sticks with my left hand... never noticed before... I'm not a right hander although i do a bunch of stuff wirh my right hand : playing tennis, throwing a base ball, using a drill... and I'm not an ambidextrous even though i do a bunch of stuff with both hands without thinking about it... I shave my face with both hands for example... it was so funny for me to see my father shaving with his right hand and having to cross, and twist and turn his face to shave the left part of his face... I shave the left part of my face with my left hand and the right part with the right hand... dudh
0:35 "...70 to 95%, to be exact."
Lefties RULE....Ugh!
I practice fencing with both hands. I found the best way to throw a left-handed fencer, is to fence left-handed. They fence right-handed fencers all the time, not so often left-handed fencers. Plus, I fence differently left-handed than I do right-handed.
Because they are not lefty
The Left Stuff is a really interesting book that goes into the entire story of being left-handed throughout history.
The fact we are able to detect handedness via angle of wear marks on teeth, wild.
I am a complete leftie with everything besides using the mouse. I am weird.
we are not apes, humans started as humans
Cool, i can use both XD
I have to hand it to you, this was very interesting.
I realized how much I use my left hand when I broke that wrist.
I used to go bowling with a retired big league baseball pitcher.  His arms didn't look like they belonged on the same human.
I don't understand the t.rex joke. It was bad
There's something I ought to tell you - I'm not left-handed either.
As a polyglot & a leftie, well, I have to wonder. Does this leave more room for my language facility?
Off to the Leftorium!  Definitely some genetic part. 3 generations before me on my dad's side were all lefties. I kick better with my left foot but play basketball with my right.
Or its the Occam's razor of one did something, showed it to others how they did it, and everyone just inherently started using the right side. Had they showed with the left you'd see basically the same arbitrary outcome.
As a leftie, I feel attacked.
Very interesting.  But I'm skeptical of that hide- working idea:  fleshing might better be accomplished by draping over a log or stretching on the ground.  Scratched teeth makes me think about Inuit women sinking teeth into a hunk of seal and slicing off bites with their ulu.
I provide breakfast and afternoon snacks for cockies (Australian Sulfur Crested) i have observed they seem to ninety nine percent left handed....
left handed people:
is there anything called dominant leg
how bout a dominant leg
I'm naturally Left-Handed, but due to my kindergarten teacher enforcing a strict Right-Handed teaching style on me, and the rest of my class at the time, I ended up right handed. And, sadly, I'm also Autistic& have learning disabilities, so trying to teach myself to use my left hand now as an adult is pretty much completely impossible since my brain just won't allow it <:(
LEFT HAND SUPREMACY
I’m kind of ambidextrous, I use chopsticks with either  my left or right hand I also  tend to brush my teeth using  my left hand, but I definitely  murder, death, kill with my  right exclusively. 🤷🏻‍♂️  Plus I have 2% Neanderthal  dna so my teeth are a wreck!
Wait, your tackling this instead of the long awaited "episode on placentas"!?!?
That claim about meeting left handed people in fights is total nonsense. The average person is not going to be fighting other people often enough to be confused by lefties, much less are they analysing hand preference, either consciously or unconsciously, much less still in fights to the death where it could have an evolutionary advantage. The fact that PROFESSIONAL FIGHTERS who spar thousands of times during training win more or less is a complete irrelevance to this issue.
Which footed are you? Do you know ? Just stand still for a moment. Now take a step. Which foot did you start off on ?  That`s which footed you are.
At school, when playing soccer, I remember most left handed colleagues were also left “footed”. But I had a least one friend who wrote with the right hand and shot with the left, and a cousin who was left handed but shot with the right foot...
What about ambidextrous people?
Ah, so I got my bad habit of holding things with my mouth from my greatest grandfather neanderthal
I find that I’m right handed, but the handedness is only in my wrist. My right wrist is significantly more dexterous than my left one, but my fingers are equally dexterous on each hand. I do a lot of baton twirling, and that’s a lot of finger manipulation, and I can do it just as easily with each hand, but my right hand is much better at things like writing than my left, because it takes a lot of fine wrist movements.
A 2 minute video jammed into a 10 minute time-slot:  Repeats himself far too much
i think im kinda like 40-60 almost 5050 with hands, im definitely more right handed but i can do everything left handed also with a little bit of extra focus
Pov: youre watching this left handed.
Right on.
I left handed,so possibly some of my anectors were left handed too.
Me, leftie: yes tell me how unique I am
The right hand cuts the left hand. For hand cut injuries.
0:53 tactically placed antelope
I was just wondering about this this morning, and was frustrated you didn't have a video on it... My prayers have been answered!
what is there to say about Humans?! "righthanded, hairless & sweaty" 😏 that about sums it up..
Handedness is a learned attribute. Basically you start out even, and as you start doing more and more hand tasks, over time one hand becomes the hand that new tasks are learned with just as a matter of habit. Eventually, you reach a point where using the other hand starts to feel awkward because it lacks the familiarity with the base movements that the dominant hand has developed. When you add tools into the mix, there is a clear bias towards  right handed because tools have essentially always been right handed .  Lefties end up as lefties because they met with less societal pressure, eg writing in a notebook or with ink. When they finally met with enough pressure to recognize that being a lefty sucks in modern society, the perceived gap in motor skills was deemed to great to overcome.
Gorillas and Chimpanzees are right handed at the same rate as humans
daddy
Leftie here. No left-handed parents. No left-handed kids. I am such a weirdo.
Here is my theory, when we started to walk up right our evolution and our brains probably  thought it not necessary to waste the resources and energy to keep both of our arms at its strongest and the most dexterous it could be because we don't run on it anymore so instead our body chose to favor one arm over the other and weakened the other arm also do to the thought behind  the left side of the brain could be responsible for tool making and object manipulation that could lead to why the right hand is dominant and leftys like me are due to a mutation that crosses wires in our brains most likely forming in the womb or shortly after birth when our motor skills start to develop............?
Manny 'Pacman' Pacquiao, one of the greatest boxers of all time, is LEFT-HANDED.
Need a pt. 2. Best hypothesis: why is right 'better' and why is it sex-influenced?
Not an expert for paleolithic craftsmanship but scraping towards your face with a sharp instrument does not sound safe.
Left brains that look out of the  right eye focus better on details.while right brains prefer a panoramic focus. Working with tools requires close focus and is probably better done with the right hand and eye.
I wonder if our earliest tools were handed and someone just decided randomly topick making these tools for the right hand. I think a properly fitting hand axe is probably handed. Research is needed on our earliest tools to see if they are asymmetrical and work better for the right hand. I looked up Acheulean handaxe images and they all looked like they would work better in the right hand. Many even have a cut-away in the position a ight hand thumb would be. Just a thought.
raise your left hand if you were a leftie in school who was forced to learn to write with their right! *raises left hand*
As a multiple medium artist, often using old and various techniques, you use your teeth and mouth a lot more than you'd think making things. I wonder what my teeth would show?
In a parallel universe, “How humans became (mostly) left handed”.
The human history / anthropology episodes are my favorite!
Ive always thought you could train your self to become ambidextrous.
As a leftie, Imma have to disagree with the “better coordination, memory, and verbal skills” 😂
I am 1 of 3, and 1 sibling is left handed. I have 2 children and 1 is a lefty. I also have an uncle who is left handed though he was forced to write with his right hand in school.
Cool jacket. Where can I get it?
I’m left handed 😂
People like tennis players are not the only ones to have asymmetric body development. People who greatly relied on the bow , such as hunters an military archers. have an asymmetric body development. This is because when using the bow the left arm is under compression when the bow is drawn while the right arm is under tension from pulling the bowstring back. Archaeologists have used this knowledge when excavating human skeletons.
I’m right handed for fine motor skills like painting or writing but I’m more left handed for things like catching or throwing or use my left leg for more for martial arts
It'd be interesting if you guys did a video on when identical twins evolved
There is a sword that was found from the Sutton Hoo grave sight.  It is finely decorated and would appear that the way it was worn placed the most decorative side facing away from the body. By that assessment they determined it would have been worn on the right side of the body making the owner left handed.
So Leftorium IS a viable bussines. At least 5% of population is ad dangdidilly good chance
Is there any research on neurology and chimerism that might relate to this? Is there any chance that a right-hemisphere chimeric mirror of BA44 competes/dominates the genetically typical left hemisphere BA44 and alters handedness/proprioception, resulting in varying left-hadedness and ambidexterity?
God I loved this episode. Left handed by the way!
All guys know why most of us have strong right arm
Why is there no mention of spear throwing? Hunting and spear throwing with right hand I think that is important
I suspected my gf may have cheated   5 years ago. Maybe eons can investigate my bedroom for evidence.
I wish that I was ambidextrous. I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Thanks for the handy information!
Other mammals do have "handedness". Horses are definitely a species which do. Although their brain is wired up very differently to a humans and they have to be taught to accept new things on both sides of their bodies, when it comes to handedness, you see it when you are training at even a low level. Horses prefer and move more easily on one lead as opposed to the other. As training progresses we have to train more on the less dominant side, to have a horse that moves just as easily on both leads.   I've found the same with dogs when doing high level agility training or working rehab. So I'm sure it's present in many more species, but because we aren't training them at such high levels, the handedness is not as noticeable for routine tasks.
3:08  Such power
Very interesting video. Most humans are left leg dominant too. Preferring to climb stairs with right foot and also stepping down a height with right foot first. This could be due to position and structure of Human heart to Left side with a separate artery for left side of brain called Left common carotid artery that originates directly from the aortic arch and right side is supplied by a carotid artery that arises from a common brachiocephalic artery. Thus making Left side of brain more oxygenated than Right and making it the dominant side. And as left side of brain controls the right sided limbs, the right sided limbs became more dominant and evolution did the rest of the job perfecting it.
Southpaws are homosuperior we are the next stage of evolution  And the right hander's just try to keep us down With religious teachings and by developing tools and weapons only for right handed people
Apparently, I was fully ambidextrous as a kid, and its a common thing in autistic people. I'm still partially ambidextrous now, but I write and draw with my right hand. Its funny, because sometimes I'll be using my left hand for a task without thinking about it, and then one of my coworkers will ask me if I'm left handed.
Great video 👍🏼
Nothing to do with the right-handed majority oppressing the left-handed minority ?
I appreciate that some of our best old evidence of this is from people basically punching themselves in the face on accident.
Steve...
left hand gang
Handedness is weird, I'm left handed but can't throw a frisby with my left hand. Can hit a ball in baseball and golf with both hands.
For the algorithm.
The spectrum thing is true - I write with my left hand, but most other things I use my right hand for
Everytime they talked about scrapping teeth with rocks made my skin crawl
So short answer : we have no idea
It may be bias, but the human evolution videos are my favorite
I can only do sign language with my left and can only write (good) with my right but I can draw, eat and punch and throw with both.
I still use my teeth on boot laces and  stuff like that, I think a lot of people do it because it comes naturally.
Jokes on lefties.  I use both hands, balance as all things should be.
i would love if you could do an episode like this on dyslexia.
Telling left from right is actually a surprisingly difficult task, as (unlike up and down, which can be tested by dropping an object) there is no objective measure of leftness vs rightness.  For this reason we have a specific region of the brain that plays a key role in distinguishing left and right. This is known as the "angular gyrus" and it sits in the parietal lobe. Damage to this region (for example in a stroke) leads to something called Gerstmann Syndrome which, amongst other things, causes patients to lose their sense of left and right!
Lefties punching the air right now
This is really interesting. I use my right hand for fine motor skills. But when I've been forced into a situation where I have to physically defend myself I always start out swinging with my left. 🤔🤷‍♀️
I gotta hand it to ya. This must have been pretty hands on.
As a lefty I am somewhat conflicted Edit: After watching I am somewhat less conflicted
Some anthropologists credit war with causing most humans to be mostly right handed. It's better to hold a shield with the left hand to protect the heart from being pierced by the opponent's blade.
Southpaw here *waves*
So you're telling me it's possible obligate biped dinosaurs may have favored one hand over another?
I was largely left-handed as a child in the early 90s, but when I started learning to write I was forced to learn with my right-hand. So now I'm predominantly right-handed, but I do still use my left-hand to do certain things. I eat and drink using my left hand a lot, and I play disc golf throwing predominantly as a leftie.
I'm stronger on right arm, throw right, but bat and golf on left side. I write with my right hand, but my watch on right wrist, with left fingers more dexterous at getting it looped on. I brush teeth and hair with right hand. If I needed an amputation some how, I'd hope it was left, but I think I could write and such left handed with practice. But I'll keep two hands thank you! Life would be frustrating with only one.
Interesting
You guys need to post more often I get bored 😐 without your jokes 😂
7:38 Could you run that past me again. If too many people are left handed, the physical advantage disappears? So are righties staying right-handed to give the advantage to their opponents, or are lefties becoming right-handed and taking a loss for the future left-handed? Shouldn't something adventageous start to become the norm?
For the longest time, I've always considered myself to be left-handed. I've always told people that I'm left-handed. One day, I started really thinking about it, and I came to the realization that I do many more things right-handed than I do left-handed.   In fact, there's only 2 things I do left-handed, and that is write and eat. Everything else is right-handed. This does make it easier to cut my steak too when I eat. Most everyone cuts with their dominant hand, and then switches the fork to their dominant hand to eat what they just cut. I cut food with my right hand while holding it still with my left hand, and then just pick it up with the fork in my left hand to eat!  Also another interesting fact: When I shoot guns (rifles or pistols), I shoulder and fire right-handed, but I'm left-eye dominant, so I aim with my left eye when shooting a pistol. It's impossible to do this with a rifle, but I am able to aim with my right eye accurately. I had a perfect score in my weapons training in the military when qualifying.
cool!
This video reveals the truth of the matter - time travelling nuns. There were a couple of lefties in my class in grammar school. One had his left hand tied behind his back to prevent his using it. When that didn't work, the ruler came out. Pain trains well.
That's not the monkey's favourite thing to do with either hand.
I was born right-handed but became ambidextrous due to my OCD wanting my body to be equal.
I guess you are "right"
I'm genuinely surprised at the amount of nonsense left-handed people go through.  I have always been jealous because of their advantage in martial arts and sports.
Ok so I'm from France, and I don't hear words as well as y'all do so I thought he was saying "why would there be any leftists left" instead of lefties, in case you looked for a really  bad pun 🤷‍♂️
Its probly the ability to throw and make tools. Throwing with 2 hands is rather hard. All the muscles in the body would also be designed for throwing. Muscles that help humans turn to the left would also be dominant.
0:53 some creative blocking by the animal on that shot
There is only ONE picture of female hominids in this very well done video; I feel erased and under represented; were females not active in their own lives?
My cousin was mostly left handed till he broke his left hand then he became multi handed lol his writing and all are the same on both sides now lol
I'm middle handed.
Do left handed players have an advantage playing first base?
The right way to be human means that you need to be bipedal and be featherless
Aren't we able to tell apart english longbowman and other archers from non archers due to skeletal deformation?
I love this series. It's so neat!
African elephants are mostly right handed
The first left hander in human history in a fight  Right Hander: That's Illegal
I think an often overlooked aspect is also eye dominance, which could factor in with the whole hand-eye coordination thing. I wasn't aware of it until a friend who was into shooting told me about the triangle hand trick.
70-95% of us are right handed?  Why the range?
Lefties are _sinister_ .
Imagine getting all this informations just from scratches on a teeth! Wow
always bugged me how rings that fit easily in my left hand can never fit in my right hand fingers
i'm pretty sure your ancient models and images should be pigmented... not eurocentrically ethnically framed for the majority of them
Haha, I feel special. When I was a kid I was the only one in my family that was left-handed and they all acted like I was special in some way (a positive way, I mean). I heard multiple times that lefties were generally more creative/artistic, though I have no clue if that's true in any way (it seems to be for me...).
I used to know someone who writes, cut, and she does other things with her left hand, but her strong hand is the right hand from throwing ball to punching. I guess one hand is precise and the other is just strong. Wierd but cute.
2:47 This was studied by a bunch of scientists and I am not a scientist but those patterns could have been made by just flipping over the hand. Now I'm laughing at the idea of a bunch of lefties trolling scientist of the future by making hand prints with a flipped hand.
Left-handed people are sadly also significantly more likely to get hurt in the work place since lots of machinery is developed for right-handed people. I'm myself a lefty with an interest in the topic
haven't watched yet, but for me what comes to mind is right-handed sapient makes right-handed tools, teaches right-handed techniques and thus right-handedness started first. muscle memory usage reinforced evolution
Nadal is right handed but plays Tennis with his left hand.
So some people use their teeth as third hand well sometimes when I clean my room I use my feet to pick up things so does that mean I have 4 arms
these guys at Eons must be old as dirt to know all these stuff about the past. I heard the youngest in the group is at least 3 million years old
I've always wondered if being right handed meant that you extended the right side of your chest in an attack or a hunting maneuver.  Since your heart on slightly left of center, you're exposing a part of your upper body that's less likely to be fatal if struck.
As a Left Handed late diagnosed with Dyslexia after medical school and told by all (teachers and the government refusal to give learning disability accommodations) my entire life that I was never good enough academically and to quit, this video is very interesting.
Lefties were also either "rehabilitated" or outright tried for heresy during by the Catholic church during the inquisitions.  Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.
I'm Ambidextrous, what is the percentage of that in the 5% of other?
interesting!
The person presenting looks like Alfred Wegener(sorry don’t know his name)
I'm right handed, but my father and brother are both lefties.
Parrots also use their paws to grab stuff, and they're mostly left handed (pawed?), it might have something to do with how bird brains develop.
Lefty here
This guy is forgetting all about crabs
Time to try this at home!
sorry lefties but I believe in BIOLOGY where there are only TWO types of handedness. they want us to just mindlessly believe handedness is a spectrum, and they teach our kids this!! degeneracy!!!
Serena!!!! 😍😍😍😍
have we considered that the less-lateralized brains in lefties could be a result of lefties being forced to do more tasks with their right hands, since the world as we know it and the majority of the tools we make are very biased to right-handedness these days? like having to navigate keyboards, guitars, door handles, etc. (all put the important things on the right side), forcing these people to adapt more significantly than a right-handed person would. not to mention cultures where your left hand is the one you don't eat or touch with.
I have two sons, one left one right handed. Like i have been split down the middle. I’m ambidextrous
i can use the mouse with my left hand. but i'm kind of both handed anyways, teachers told me not to~~ cats have a prefered paw to use, and it seems females use right, males left.
Dat neanderthal doh
Finally quality content asking the real questions
*scientists analyzing my skeleton*  “Wow, I’m observing a lot of wear and tear on this right arm, especially around the wrist”  “Yeah Jim, I agree, but for some reason I’m not seeing any extracurricular activity on his file”
Something I have often wondered is if there is any evidence of other species throughout history selecting mates in a similar way to how we humans do today, by which I mean that survival of the fittest doesn't necessarily seem to be a primary factor anymore. I imagine this isn't really something that can be insinuated through the fossil record, and if anything it would be more easily studied in the behaviour of living animals as opposed to extinct ones, but at this point human pairings aren't always about fitness. Our perception of love can drive us to connect with people on a level beyond physical/mental/emotional fitness and instead through similar likes, passions and aspirations.   I guess when it comes to something that might be discernible in the fossil record, is there any evidence of how human mating practices have changed through the years? Were we initially generally monogamous and with advancing consciousness became more promiscuous? Have we always been willing to procreate with numerous different members of our species? Did our sexual practices vary i.e. some members of the species were promiscuous, others mated for life? Is there any evidence to suggest if the young of our ancestors were raised by parents or by a larger troupe such as with some modern great apes?
I'm going to put this in easy terms since monkeys swinging in trees they need both hands to be equal. But 2 foot walking men like thingy doesn't need to move around with his hands so it can focus on one hand more than the other
99% of male cats are left pawed and females right pawed. SMH 🤔
these numbers he's quoting don't seem accurate, 95% righties really, I was always under the impression it was a 60/40 split 60% right 40% left, and just general experience, I think I know just as many lefties as I know righties, this is first time I have ever seen such extreme numbers......
Can you all please stop ignoring science for racism. This channel always shows ancient humans and Neanderthals with "white" physical features. There us no evidence that Neanderthals had light skin. There is major evidence that they were brown/black skinned. The physical features associated with whiteness (light skin, light eyes, light hair) do not really show up in the human gene pool earlier that 7-8 thousand years ago.
Both my parents are left-handed. Me and my two siblings are right-handed. Handedness is weird.
Great video
0:58 How come the shadows are in different directions?
I'm a lefty I am rare
I was just going to comment on left-handed combat advantage when they brought it up. I'm ambidextrous, and going left is always an advantage when I fence and do other martial arts.
Just to mention: it might have to do with Earth rotation / relative movement of the sky. If Earth turned East to West instead of West to East, your mind would be tempted to throw a spear with the left arm.. try it (3d spatial awareness required)
Parrots are primarily left "handed", as in their claws.
Anyone who's watched The Princess Bride knows all about the advantages of left handedness.
Many left handed people actually do some tasks with their right hands or arms like a right handed person. I am left handed but I play all sports right handed. The only things I use my left hand for is eating (fork/spoon) and writing. I use the computer mouse with my right hand.
We not gonna mention how smooth the host rocked his outfit of the day? Amazing!
I am one of 4 kids, 3 total lefties and me. I write with the right hand, but family tales suggest I favoured my left hand as a baby until it got hurt.
A possible reason to develop a preference may have been tool making; I use one hand to hold things, the other uses the tool, I injure my holding hand more often, one bum, or maimed hand is survivable by oneself, two, not so much.
I'm right handed. I can write backwards with my left hand if I use both at the same time. Does this work for left handed people as well?
I think an important aspect of left handed-ness is constantly experiencing a new angle of everyday life, as it is mostly made for right handers. Different experiences often lead to new ways of thinking and perhaps a less rigid view of things, which in turn could lead to a mind more keen on inventions or different approaches. Most of all though, more variation = better adaptation options for a species.
I'm cross dominant, but mostly left handed/bodied!(like 75%) I wonder how cross dominance evolved?
i'm lefty, and i can only play right-handed musical instruments (no matter what instrument it is) Someone is like that?
We leftie should make our own country, that is only for left handed, we would change the world 😂
Why don't we use the word chirality when referring to which which hand people favor?
The more I think about our ancient relatives the more I wish they were still around. Our society would be so much more interesting and probably significantly more advanced if we had more species involved in it. I optimisticly wonder what miracles the field of genetics will create in the coming years.
I love this channel!! Keep up the great work.
So the ancient humans used teeth to hold animal skins so i can now break apart two lego pieces that are stuck together.  Humanity has peaked
Of course kangaroos are left handed. Because they’re cool 😊
Great content!!!!!
*angry left handed sounds*
Lefties having advantages in combat is true. Fencing lefties is hard, everything is backwards and hard.
7:35 "This benefit could've directly led to increased survival among left-handed people. And it might also explain why the frequency of left-handers is so low: if too many people are left-handed, the advantage disappears" Am I wrong, or do these statements contradict each other? By that logic, shouldn't that imply that the population between left and right-handed people should have reached 50/50?
I started skateboarding in 1988 at 7 yrs old. From as early as i remember the skate park was mostly kids skating regular stance, LEFT foot forward, and kids who skated RIGHT foot forward were called "goofy" because it was way less common. Around 2008 when i was 27 i remember noticing that the majority of people at any skate park were riding goofy now as if it was becoming the norm... S'fucked up!
Lefties rule!!!!!!! I'm left-handed for writing, eating and batting in baseball. But I throw and kick balls and play golf, tennis, and hockey with my right lol.  My dad was a lefty but my grandpa made him learn to write with his right. And my little brother is also left handed. Anyone else get yelled at for being a lefty?
Left handed people always seem very sinister.
All I know is that as I was getting my physics degree in college, the number of left-handers in the math classes got larger and larger as the classes got harder and harder.  We were a typical minority in the intro calc classes, but by the time you got to PDEs, the classes were majority lefties.
I'm no athlete but I've definitely had marathons that might have made the bone in my dominant arm thicker
Ancient humans are masters of the random plant, or convenient tree branch to cover their nether regions, paleo paparazzi amiright
Keyboard need good coordination with both hands though
I'm surprised you didnt mention eye dominance in there, as we are right or left "eyed" as well.
Scraping animal skins that way doesn't seem safe if they're constantly nicking themselves.
There may be no right way to be human, but only lefties are in their right minds. 😎
I did some boxing and martial arts when I was younger. The boxing coach kept telling me I was handicapped because I'm a lefty. I think he had it backwards. Later on, I moved on to Judo and Jujitsu, and they told me the lefties have the advantage.
I have also heard that right-handedness arose to be more common so that everyone could more easily share tools that were shaped to one hand. Tribes with consistent similar handedness survived better by sharing their tools.
Blake, gotta say, that's a nice outfit! You look great! (As per usual)
Huh, who knew I was in yet another minority!
Thank you guys for another great video
I'm leftie but I always use computer mice with right hand.
Hmm, so I'm just in 1% for not having a dominant hand? Guess it's the wrong 1%.
Lol I'm ambidextrous and I definitely do not have improved memory or verbal skills
"there is no RIGHT way to be human" *unsubbed*   just kidding.
70 to 90% of us are normal humans with souls, the other 30 to 10% are the spawn of Satan.
Only reason I was difficult to fight when I did boxing....was my stance due to the inverted hand, in basketball I found it easy to keep the ball
Being a lefty I'm always in my right mind. haha
As a supposed lefty kid I was forced to write with my right hand until about 4yo. Not sure if it's genetic thing or an environmental thing but I'm completely ambidextrous. Always wondered which.
I always found it weird that not only my sister ans I are lefties, but most of my friends through my life were/are lefties as well
10 minutes to the second. Nice
I'm a lefty
Does anyone else have situational handedness?  I write and throw righthanded but I almost exclusively use forks/spoons/chopsticks lefthanded.
Nah I’m a lefty because I broke my right hand before first grade
Both my nephew's are left handed. Both are extremely smart a by far earlier age then my other nephew's and nieces.
What about ambidextrous? I thought I was so cool and different and now I'm just a chimp 😢
Im a lefty and a male. This video was very intresting but I hope there will be more informatiom once we know more about the difference between lefties and righties
I am right handed and left footed (noticable in soccer).
Im left handed and when I broke my right hand in middle school I got away with not doing work in class. But when I broke my left hand in high school I had to prove to my teacher that I wasn’t able to write with my right hand...
As a child I was righthanded. Growing up I became more and more ambidextrous. Nothing conscious, just happened. My father was left handed so probably a genetic factor. In any case I thought it had to do with speech. The fine fine motor skills for speech are closely linked to those of hand movement. Why many, including our host, talk with their hands. If the "speech center" would more easily find it's spot in the left side of the brain, the hand would follow. Which correlates with lefties showing less differentiation in the brain. If 10% have no preferred side, 5% will be lefties.
How about video explaining why some landmass became like why has Finland always been and what kind of life there was  or when Mexico became a thing and so on?
*Explains James Harden* OoooO!
If it requires one hand/ foot  (throwing a ball, throwing a punch, kicking), I am right handed. If it required two hands/ feet (batting, playing hockey, slalom water skiing) I am left handed.
Left hand "advantages"...  I just asked Kayla what her excuse is for being so klutzy!  On the topic, just an observation, we have cats, and I have had cats my whole life more or less, and note the pounce and swatting habits.  The pre-pounce/pre-zooming pose is generally left hand on surface, right hand lifted and ready, butt wiggling for correct starting burst angle, and  after the pounce or launch, the right usually for the strike or first arm power in a zoom.  Also, they tend to swat or grab with the right hand as well.
Cool video and all but damn I miss Steve being a patreon sub, I always got a bit of joy whenever I heard “and... STEVE!”
Righthandedness cause, we work together and its easer if we have the same hands
You should do a video on how humans have effected evolution in other animals. Like how elephants are now more likely to be born without tusks because of poachers (not sure how true this is I just remember seeing it awhile back).
Left handed advantage: You don't have to put your pencil down while taking a test to use right-hand-rules in physics!  I do have a question about the cave art, though.  How is it determined that the hand art was done with the palm of the left hand on the wall instead of the back of the right hand on the wall?  I'm not trying to be difficult, but there is a certain chirality that begs the question.  Thanks in advance.
Why didn't you mention that left handed people have way higher intelligence? Is intelligence too controversial a topic for your channel?
I was actually born Ambidextrous.  My mother is left handed and my father is right handed.
So I've always thought that the right hand is called right because it's the 'correct' hand and the left hand is called left because it's the hand you have left if you are using the right but I've never bothered to check if there's any evidence for this.
Me who is ambidextrous
So you're saying most kangaroos are.... southpaw?
I didn't want to be left behind.
horses also tend to take longer strides with their right legs, that's why race tracks run counter clockwise, it's easier for them to turn left.
That carrot wasn’t peeled.😭
It’s funny because I write with my left but I completely operate my phone with my right so much to the point where when I need to type I use my left index finger and my right thumb and this is as far as I can tell rooted in how I got my phone I originally set up my finger print only on the hand I was using at the time which happened to be my right
Climate change, Animal Cruelty and Extinction: There is no right way to be human...
As long as you don't punish people 4 using the "wrong" hand...
well Im mostly left handed when it comes to the things like writing and eating but I can also do them less efficiently with my right hand when ı use tools like scissors I often change my hans to cut it better in different angles and shapes whiteout noticing which hand Im using to the spots like table tennis baseball both of my hands seems equal but there are some task that my left hand becomes less dominant things like using a computer or playing a guitar is there a variant of handedness depending on stuation
The biggest thing I got from that was at the end he said "there is no right way to be human" I think that's very important to understand as a society and as a species
I have identical twin sisters. One is right handed and the other is left handed
The lefties are still alive because we allow the weak to survive
It us so cool how scientists can find out that a old copes is right handed
The two best footballers of all time - Diego Maradona and Lionel Messi - are both left footers. I wonder how that links to handedness.
As well as genetic left handedness there are other causes.  One common cause is foetal development being slowed during a particular phase of brain growth.  Oxygen starvation form the mother being an identified culprit.  This reduces the growth and number of the brain cells for a time.  Nature has a way of compensating once normal oxygen supply is restored and some lefties have shown to have enhanced abilities in other areas.  Spacial conceptualisation being one aspect.  This has shown in statistics that a higher proportion of architects and designers are left handed as opposed to the general population.
I wonder what happened to our boy Steve. I hope he’s okay.
My wife's family is dominantly left handed, she's one of the only righties in her immediate family. She then married me, a lefty.
Im left handed for basically any fine motor skill tasks, but as soon as you move to exerting force in like throwing a ball, punch, or swinging a bat my right hand becomes the more dominant one
Why have you always to find an evolutionary advantage for a trait? Evolution doesn’t work like that. Sometimes a trait is there just because it is not so inconvenient that it gives a survival disadvantage. As long as left handed individuals can survive and reproduce the trait will persist in the population. It’s like asking what advantage brought to the selection of ginger hair. Random mutations appear all the time. If they don’t affect survival and reproduction ability they get transmitted to the offspring.
My guy wearing some serious drip.
Presidents also have an abnormal number of left handed people in thier number.
I wright with my right hand. I eat with my knife and fork back to front, I hold a guitar, a pool  cue, open jars, hold a bow and arrow or a riffle with my left hand, I throw with only my right hand but punch with my left.  I can play golf and hockey both ways. Strange person me 😋
Us lefties just chillin in the back.
I had a theory while watching this video. Handedness is not the only feature that humans have that other primates don't. Humans are some of the few animals that have a concept of language. And the language center of the brain exists in the left hemisphere. Maybe the reason that humans are predominantly right-handed is because of the development of language.
And don't forget that through the centuries, it was highly discouraged to be left handed and teachers of the last 100 years, not only encouraged, but demanded a student write with their right hands.. Using one's left hand was also thought of as evil, across many eras. And I wouldn't call being left handedness a "mutation" when it was present throughout our genes to begin with, that pop up now and again, especially if teachers leave us the hell alone.. :)
Interesting that 1.8 mya habilis was scrapping hides...is it proof of clothing that old? Why else would a primate scrape hides like that?
Grtz to Manuela
That's OK. Us lefties do it right.
Could crabs also be described as largely handed?
How many is left handed?
I’m Proudly Sinister
0:33 Says "To be exact;" gives a 25% range. :D
*laugh in ambidextrous*  We had a left hander experienced fencer in my college saber fencing class and I would go left handed too and it would mess him up because he was used to fighting righties. So I got a few wins in as he destroyed every one, including me.  Interesting fact about people who write left handed(I prefer writing left handed), It is easier to write mirror and dyslexics have it even easier(specially left handed dyslexics). I would write mirror perfectly when learning to write and my teacher was trying to tell me that but being dyslexic, I had no Idea what she was talking about, I could read and write mirror with out knowing it.
this is stupid why would he work this way?! he would have certainly push the blade down from his face wtf are you guy stupid?
fun fact: the percentage of left handedness is statistically linked with the belligerance of a population, more violent groups have more left handed people up to a recorded 27%
Kool video.
You guys should do premieres! They bring in more viewers!
I've never felt more left out. I'm ambidextrous
Ushijima wakatoshi using his evolutionary advantage
may be a cultural trait
Croatian antrhopolgical finds sooo coool!!! So they were the ancestors of the illyrian tribes, right?
Sadly due to religious bigotry left handed people were forced to be right handed among christians. Left handed people were doing the "Devil'd work". I was born left handed but forced to be right handed. Lets stop this form of religious bias and torture. Left handed people forced to be right handed tend to develop dyslexia.
Many references to 'lefties', none to 'righties', only 'right-handed' or 'right dominant'.  If you're going to give us a nickname at least use one of the cool sounding ones, like 'southpaw' or 'sinister' :)
I do martial arts and I am left handed (south paw). No matter how much improve my right punches, they never have the same "pop" or "explosiveness" as my left hand. I can feel my left shoulders and lats being denser then my right side
Ambidextrous person here. I can even write with either hand. It's always been weird to me that other people cannot do the same thing.
Thanks bud!
Anecdotally I've noticed that many left-handed people are perfectly capable of using their right hand for the same tasks. Whether this is to do with brain function or out of necessity who knows.
I'm left-handed
ROCKING that fit
Both my parents are right handed. However both me and my sisters are all left handed which is really strange. I wonder how and why
So the like button is a left hand....interesting.
I wonder if there are any human populations where left handedness is relatively more common compared to other human populations?
Yes!!!
English writing is from left to right (suitable for right-handed person), while Chinese writing is from right to left.  I wonder if the people who developed Chinese writing were lefties.
Leftie sound-off?
Surprised you didn’t mention writing. Lots of languages are written left to right. I think if we were mostly left handed, it may have been the opposite out of sheer practicality.
My mom was converted from left to right in the 40's. dad is right but was a mechanic and could use both good.. the brother a year below me catches left,  bats right, draws and writes left. the other 2 younger ones, didnt become dominant in either hand with sports but (write) right. the first of the 4, and a left hand dominant, linear thinking stepwise sequential learner, and i have ADHD..its lots o fun too..we' re all wierd..😆
Parrots tend to be "left footed" in that they pick up food or objects without left foot most frequently.
Thanks for everything guys love all of you for educating us . I have a problem though ... WHO THE HELL ARE THESE 10 PEOPLE THAT SMASHED THE DISLIKE BUTTON ? I MEAN WTF?
I hate left to right languages and the marks it makes on my hand as I write. At least in the USA driving is more lefty friendly.
Messi, Maradona, Ginobili. All are lefthanded.
Watching this as an ambidextrous person: yes I am the 1% *adjusts monocle.*
Parrots seem to have "footedness" preferences and the preferred foot differs from species to species. Amazon parrots are mostly left-footed. African greys are mostly right-footed. When parrots are babies, they try out both feet and eventually decide on a preferred foot, usually the one most common to their species.   Since sitting on a perch is an automatic function, manipulating food and other items is done with a preferred foot. (That's my opinion.) There are some right-footed Amazons and left-footed African greys, but they're in the minority. I'm not sure if the percentages of left vs. right are the same as they are in humans.   I haven't looked into this issue in a long time, so my info is pretty old. Hopefully, it's been studied scientifically by now...too tired to research it right now.
I'm left handed and right footed, of course the world around me is right hand orientated, anything from games to scissors. Doesn't feel like a helpful survival mechanism these days, but it must've come in handy a few thousand years ago😂
Im left handed but for Baseball and other sports im a righty
My mother was a leftie and got forced, as most were at the time, to learn to write and do other things right handed. So she became semi ambidextrous as a result - she could even hit me with either hand, though I think she preferred her right hand for that, and for throwing shit at me.
What about foot preference?
Born left handed and was made to switch to right handed. I was a good boxer and couldn't throw for squat. I took a dexterity test for a job, I'm 53% left handed and 47% right handed 🤔
You know if you put emphasis on a pun it's not funny. A pun is funny when you say it casually and move on. If you're going to put attention into it you're going to have to say it with more energy and would also need a series of puns.
Like many left-handed people (that is, I write and eat left-handed), I do many things right-handed; for instance I play baseball right-handed (throw and bat right-handed).
Watching this makes me wonder if handedness is somehow correlated with sexual orientation. It seems that the share of right-handedness and heterosexuality alike is pretty stable over time and place in human populations.
Left handed fighters win more fights? I'm sure you're including right handed southpaws? "Right handed" wrestlers are "left handed" boxers? Power side front for shooting, power side back for punching. Which stance is "right handed"?
Being a true Ambi I'm basically a human unicorn 🦄
I want to take a moment to truly thank all of you at PBS Eons for all of the wonderful topics of discussion and insight you bring up. Lefty here BTW..I'm such a goofball I actually just waved at the screen after typing that like you were here with me.🥰
Horses generally also have a side they prefer to use. This s most noticeable in horseback riding when you want the horse to bend in the direction you are turning or when entering a canter or gallop
I love being ambidextrous I can use both of my hand
I am Left-handed so this is a handy video fact about us. Each of my hands have functions and I tend to specialize my hands to do certain jobs but I write only with my left hand.
Knives are a weird issue. When you are right handed and hold a knife and fork, the fork goes in the left hand, by convention. I'm right handed, but if I do that, I hold the fork like a toddler. I just can't hold it right and still use it. There are a lot of other tasks I perform as if I were left handed. I was hoping this video would shed light on the reason, unfortunately, it didn't. Better verbal skills checks out, I spoke 3 languages before I turned 18, but memory? I'll forget I have written this comment in 20 minutes...
Noooooo what happened to steve the eontologist :'(
It just seems like more people are right-handed because people are taught to do things by other people that use their right-hand more. I remember I was ambidextrous as a child, but my parents thought that was bad luck so they forced me to use my right hand all the time to the point where I became right-handed.
Most people are righthanded but the Brits still prefered to shift the gear and use the infotainment system with their left hand🙄
Since my wife is left handed, she always prefers to stay on my left. Even when we are walking with hands together, we both have dominant hands available.    Therefore we can punch both sides of the walkway.
Yeah having a more distributed cognitive load is cool and all but have you ever tried using scissors while left-handed
Left-handness and right-handedness is not genetic, it's a muscle memory.
Trying to replicate the skin scraping, it looks like scratches can go either way depending on method. I feel like this makes the evidence inconclusive.
Eons: "Turns out Neanderthals have been using their teeth as a 3rd hand for quite a while." Me, using my teeth to hold something while opening a door: "Oh, you don't say."
About combat sports, fighters are always expecting shots from the left hand. The difference is actually in the footwork. Footwork creates angles, and in a lefthanded fighter (southpaw), this means that certain strikes are going to land first because the distance is shorter. For example, southpaw cross beats orthodox jab and southpaw right hook beats orthodox cross.
Am I right that they are probably right handed, right?
7 left handed people disliked this video
Right you are
Interestingly, most horses prefer their left side, that is to say, they find it easier to flex to the left, and take longer to learn skills on their right side. Horses have a split brains, so they literaly have to learn every skill twice, once for each side. There is a theory that the costume of mounting and leading a horse from his left side came because it means we bring our stronger right side in contact with their stronger left side. And another theory suggests that we unconsciously bred left-leaning horses because we found them easier to train and ride.
So, you're saying it's not a Coriolis effect, because we're north of the equator and Southpaws are lefties because they're south of the equator?
Ambidextrous gang 😎
TIL Left-handedness is a secret superpower.
Can u do a right foot video
could it be that right handedness could be a derivative of teaching? Like, if generations and generations taught us how to use a specific tool a with our right hand over generations could that then lead to the preference, not necessarily anything to do with genes? Maybe right handedness was a conscious choice by our ancestors
Isn't a cut in the left arm slightly more deadly than on the right arm, because the left arm has higher blood pressure since it is much closer to the aorta? Wouldn't right-handed creatures have a better survival rate, since having the left side exposed like the jugular is more lethal?
Left-handed man here. It is something I've had as far back as I can remember. Since so many modern tools like scissors are designed with right-handedness in mind, a lot of tasks feel very awkward being left-handed. In an effort to help mitigate this, I've been training myself to be ambidextrous. My right hand is functional, but still far inferior to my true dominant hand. Seeing how this trait developed so long ago really spoke to me. Handedness is something I've resented at times. At least now I understand why I have this handicap.
I wonder what happened to Steve. Does anyone know? I hope he didn't pass away. 🙁
Left handed people are obviously too intelligent to hit themselves in the mouth with a sharp rock....
Not-so-fun fact: Left handed people tend to have a shorter lifespan.
Left handed for writing and eating. Right handed for painting and sports (bat right, throw left). I suppose this even handedness aka ambidextrous.
After 1 hit to the face it would make sense to just craft something to hold it and not your teeth. The hell was he thinking
Im disappointed there's no poll for you to see what percentages your viewers are for left/right handedness
The comments show an uneven proportion of left handed people
Finally I know this now
I do my eye makeup like eyeliner and eyeshadow with each hand corresponding to my eye. I can also use a knife, thread a needle, sew, and do almost any other non-writing task ambidextrously. Unfortunately when I was a kid my teacher saw me regularly write with both hands and told me to stop and only use my right hand. So I can't write well with my left hand anymore.
My cats have a preference when using there paws to open doors or soak up water in the bowl to lick off their fur.  They are highly intelligent and I think they are planning to assume my identity.
I'm somewhere in the middle handedness. I mainly use my right but I play most sports (e.g. ice hockey and tennis) and instruments with my left.
A friend broke her arm when we were in second grade. I started practicing writing my name with my left in case I ever needed to sign a paycheck left handed.  It was for naught 'cause I broke my left arm in my 40s
I used to be left handed
If I remember this correctly, Parrots are lefties!
My Dad is a lefty 😁
I feel like you would have to be really... um, careless... to knock yourself in the teeth with a sharp tool multiple times over.
I’m rightlegged too🤘🏼
PBS host: Being a leftie can have advantages Me, a leftie: oh really? How many decades/centuries did it take you to make scissors that work for both hands?
I wish I was right handed. It would make writing a less of a pain in the booty.
My cousin used to be left handed when she first started writing. Her mom, my aunt, made her start only writing with her right hand because it was “improper”. The cousin doesn’t believe me that this happened, but I swear it did. I’m 5 years older than her so makes sense I’d remember and she wouldn’t.
We should just acknowledge the superiority of ambidextrous people and make sure they carry on their legacy, so our ancestors won't have to live like this (just kidding of course)
Right on, man! 🤙🏽
"70% to 95%  of us to be exact"... i chuckled
I wonder how this might relate to eye dominance. 🤔
Okay is it weird that my mum had five kids, and my brother (the only boy) is also the only lefty of all of us.   Not going to lie, I sometimes tell the difference between my left and right based on the tattoo that's on my left wrist.
Dextrous - right-handedness Sinister - left-handedness etymology is so cool!
How can you do an episode on handedness and not mention the throwing Madonna theory of William H Calvin?
Yet more theories about handedness.  I suppose this makes more sense than anything else.    I'm left-handed with most things.  And although not at all athletic, I did most sports right-handed.  Use a hockey stick, tennis racket, golf club, or baseball bat, but bowling or say, throw say a basketball or football, I would do left-handed.  I think Frisbee would be either way.  I noticed this even more with Wii Sports years ago.  I'm also more comfortable using a computer mouse with my right hand, though I can use both.  But I write, draw, eat, use my phone, and almost everything else left-handed.
I guess it makes sense that freeing up limbs for other uses than mobility removes the restraint of having to be balanced. That could explain why we also see asymmetrical forelimbs in animals very distantly related to humans, like crabs, while in monkeys and apes that still primarily use their arms for moving around, it isn't so common.
I was born left handed. My first grade teacher was taught by her religion that left handed people are evil, so she would hit me with yard sticks every time she saw me using my left hand. Im 29 now and I have yet to recover from the damage she did and it is difficult to write my name with my left hand.
I've waited all day for this.
My sister and I are both left handed while my parents both write, right handed. It turns out my mum was left handed but, was forced to use her right hand as a child.
Leftie advantages: You always know what to say when the teacher asks a fact about yourself,  so you get to sit down quicker.
I guess you could say they had the upper hand.
Myself and both of my brothers are left handed.  Also, all 3 of my sisters are     Right handed!  How weird!
I typed this using only my left hand.
*Chirality intesifies.*
Left handed people are more evolved than righties.  😋
Who else here is a lefty?
I'm right handed but I use my left foot to kick
So i draw and write with my right, do all sports related activities left handed, and can paint with both.... so my weirdness goes down to the genetic level...
Throwing projectiles proly...........or well I wont say it. ..............What you like to do with your hand when alone. All require a left brain ideally.
Awesome episode
My dog is right handed, she can "paw" easily with her right paw, but she struggles and finds it difficult to do using her left paw
What about footed research? Ask anyone who has used crutches people favor a leg like they do a hand.
I love your channel. This topic was very interesting. Thanks for making this video.
Me, my dad, cousin, older sister, and grandpa are all left handed my little sister was going to be left handed too till my mom forced her to write with her right hand
left handed people watching this finding out they were always the minority hand dominance
So thats why? Ugh I knew I was right!
That was a pretty classy pun at the end
Could "boxing and punching advantage" really be a source for left-handedness though? I mean, when humans do battle, it tends to be with tools, in groups, or with wrestling. You don't really see punch-only boxing matches break out.
Poor guy was hitting himself with a rock! I wonder what they’ll learn about humanity from all the times I’ve hurt myself?
Corduroy or suede?
Leftie here... who's part of the gang here?
I love this schedule
nice
Left handed people let's Unite!
7 mins in
But I am left-handed...... 😐
Still missing Steve.
Last time I was this early, we still had fins
This was interesting. Crazy how being left handed was considered a bad characteristic when lefties have a higher capacity for fluid communication between both brain hemispheres.
Woah I'm hella early
Right pride world wide
Very informative.
Eh, apes... Left handed people will rule the world! :D
My right hand is a place holder... I do everything else with my left hand.
Last time I was this early humans were mostly left handed.
bren theres like 500000000 comments 8 MINUTES IN
Parrots seem to hold objects preferably in one foot or the other
***deep breath... As I prepare for all the left handed hate
Left hand gang.
I read "Unexpected advantages" of being left-handed and now I don't care about you right handed people    all jokes aside, the part about tooth scratches to figure out dominant handedness is pretty darn cool :D
Very handy video
I’m left handed
I'm a lefty
So where does ambidextrousness fit in?
My female cat is left handed while my male cat is right handed. I know this because I have slow feeders for them so they have to use their paws to scoop the food out. Anyone else has the same observation?
I love PBS Eons, thank you for your work guys
Blake: Including me. Captions: Including the dude here.
This guy could beat you senseless right handed or left handed.
this is awesome!
Woah I’ve never been this early
Im mostly left handed but the only thing i do with my right hand but cant do with my left is using the mouse
im left handed lmao
I figured it was paleolithic nuns slapping the early humans with rulers until they wrote with their right hands
I was just thinking about this yesterday!!! Thank you Eons!
I‘m lefthanded (but i Play videogames with the righthand settings)
THIS CHANNEL IS JUST PERFECT
Literally was just thinking to myself I was itching for an eons video. I'm clearly well conditioned by their upload schedule
Right hand gang
Ooh
First time this early......  O_O"
Where are my fellow lefties at?
On air for 1m and 120 likes already =)
He got that drip
Some are omnidexterous
such an interesting topic. Thank you PBS Eons team!
Came in at 5 views but 77 likes
I'm left handed and feel superior
As a left handed, I feel kinda special.
They probably killed most of all those soulless left-handed people
Hi and yeah I became the 6th viewer.
I've always wondered this
Finally
never been this early to anything before
I write and eat with my right hand, but I use my left hand a lot more than others. It kinda makes me feel more characterised
Hi
This video just came in handy.
Yeah
left hand gang unite!
🙂
First
First
love it
Thirst
So true!!!
First
