Thank you guys so much for all of your support! It means everything to me!!!!
It fucking sucks watching this back knowing what would happen 2 years later. It gives me a whole new perspective about how cancer works and how even though everything went right, you just can't tell what's really gonna happen.
We miss you buddy ❤
Thick444 RIP ✝️🩷
Man, every couple months YT puts this video (and other Thick ones) in my feed. Hits me everytime. 😞 RIP Wyvern King
Right around the time he passed I lost one of my best friends to brain cancer. Shit piles on RIP Thick
Im rewatching this because my friend has glioblastoma and has been fighting it for 2 years now. His peripheral vision is shot and cant work at our brewery anymore but his mri came back no new growth but the chemo and radiation is wrecking his vision. It hits hard watching what he is going through after watching my favorite neebs crew member what he went through. I already lost the human man warrior and im afraid im gonna lose the one guy that finally got the dream job working full time at our plant then got glioblastoma 2 months later and his struggles hits hard. This guy wouldnt do anyone dirty and is such a great guy like thick and all i can think is "its not fair". Shitty people live full lives and these amazing people get the shaft....rip tony and i hope jamie lives as long as he can. Love you guys and the content you bring us. Ill always watch the old days and new days too
Fuck cancer, RIP thick
I tear up listening to this 😢❤❤❤❤
This while group besides Simon* lol jk your fun too Simon
Cancer always wins.. love everyone.  Love you thick. Miss you buddy. I'm glad yall still keep the channel going.  😢 amongst the nerds of the community.  Your remembered  for life times
Newer subscriber... these are rough to listen to, knowing the ending.
Going through all of these uodates a year later and what strikes me is the incredible tragedy of all of this and then the absurd nastiness of american healthcare. All of the insurance balony, changing providers, fighting for repayment and massive bills he had to go through during one of the hardest times of his life  I hate that some fat cat company exec made money off his illness.  $800 for first two MRIs $7k for one emergency room visit $100k for one brain surgery   He had 3 surgeries, weekly MRIs, plus all the treatment??  I hope with all my heart that one day other folk wont have to go through all of this and can just focus on getting better
Rest in peace thick
Man Simon is such a rude interrupting pos. It is very hard to hear Thick when Simon is being so dumb.
15:59  I feel conflicted with what Thick said about the doctors not wanting to insert the chemo wafers…and for him to be part of a new study….  If they would’ve inserted the chemo wafers, it “could’ve” killed off the remaining cancer cells and Thick could possibly be alive today as we speak.   I hate that they didn’t go that route. As well as the pain and multi surgeries he had to do bc of the cancer.   I really wish they would’ve stuck to the original plan and it saddens me that he’s been gone a little over a year now. 😢  Rip thick44 💜💜💜💜
Hind sight. 😢
Hug kiss “slap?”
Fuck. It didn't end well.
This is such a hard video to rewatch
The world is a lesser since the Wyvern King passed on. Love you Tony
🥲
R.I.P.  Thick44
We love you and miss you Tony. Just barely a year after this and you've left this earthly existence.
Miss this mother yucker.. peace to the neebs crew
Life is scary who knew a year later thick would be the warrior in the sky..  Mann I miss him in videos
Oh Thick… you gave it all you could.. rip human man warrior ❤❤
Miss ya thick.
i miss you man.
Awwww to hear thick say aye I'm outta the hospital is heart breaking but warming as hes now joined the jedi force and the universe xxx miss you Thick 44 your an amazing man and human being and I will miss yooooou!!!
You will always be in my heart... Thank you
R.i.p
He did well for as long as he could, what a warrior
Rest in peace thick. We will circle back and loot with you someday!
Thick44 has passed away. We are all heartbroken. But rewatching these videos about all the updates over the course of his cancer has really inspired me. Would you he able to he this positive when faced with the worst possible circumstances?
Im Crying right now
This video is haunting now
This video hurts now….
Bless you Thick, rest in peace.. This is so hard to listen to now :(,,,, RiP   We will hear your voice a million time again through all this wonderful wonderful videos... Thank you Thick44
We won't forget the impact you've had on this community. It won't be the same without you.
I’m just watching everything and crying I really thought he won the battle
I can't believe he is gone
This channel got me through my divorce. Sleepless night my guy. Thick mu dude. GL
I’m so happy things went well. All my love and prayers. 🙏🏻❤️ F Cancer!
Nice!
All my dumbasses still together.thank you God!
Never knew about this till today. So happy for Thick. Not crying.
oh shit? i started following yall during the bff series, when it ended i no longer got notifications from yall about new vids, recently found yall again and have been binging through all the game series yall have done since. i have missed soooo much, hope everything worked out.
Thick44!!! I’m so glad you’re ok! Knowing that you’ve made it thru and fought thru your health problems inspires me to fight harder thru mine just so i can watch and laugh more at all your content! You and all of neebs gaming are absolutely amazing and hilarious people and I can’t wait to see what you guys become! Y’all are my favorite gaming and streaming group I’ve ever come across and i wish you all the best! Keep the best content coming!!! Only what I expect from thick 44… the original human man warrior!!
Y'all a great group of friends and this is proof
Meow
In germany the hospitals have soup on every saturday
you guys are the best getting past all the jokes you can tell yall like brothers to each other keeping you in our prayers Thick,long live the wyvern king!!!
We’ve all got your back, Thick; we’re all in this for the long haul with you. Stay strong , Thick, you human man warrior!
yay
I love neebs gaming crew
Wait what happen?
Make a merchandise colonel 100 doing surgery on thick44 with a bipod attached scalpel
I unsubscribed from Neebs Gaming a few months back and just came across this thumbnail. Holy shit Thick!?!? Glad you're OK, this shit is crazy.
Kinda scary i was watching you guys play skribbl.io and thick 44 was drawing a tumor in that and then i see this video...😳
My wife had a brain tumor in the same spot.   She's fine aside from her right side hand being extremely weak.  So proud of you man. I appreciate you letting us  all know. 😁♥️   GREAT NEWS
I hope you didn't have surgery related dysphagia, it's a real pain. Good luck...
Aye bro I hope you get better and go back to your normal life
Congratulations on your surgery thick hope you recover well. Plz don't push it for us take your time and recover.
Damn, Thick was in surgery at the same time I was buckled over in a hospital bed with pancreatitis and a liver near failure.. that shit made me wish for a brain tumor! All jokes aside, so glad hes doin good. Love you guys.
Hospitals must really try to fuck up the food cause its always the very worst
Your positivity about the whole situation is inspiring. So glad to hear that you're doing well.
Glad to hear that thick is doing fine can't wait for his come back to the group.
oh they CAN make you go on ambulance. when i got arrested disorderly drunk charge i was throwing up and stumbling the whole long shameful walk to the cop car in cuffs. and i fell real bad  and the cops thought i broke a bone and took the fuckin cuffs off and basically just helped me into the ambulance. the cop said when i fell he tried to grab me but could only get the cuff chain part and i went face down hard and he thought he heard my arm snap . turns out no.... and  its 600 for an ambulance w/o insurance. i had to pay for the xray too... but i didnt go to jail cuz i was sober by the time they got done with me.
little does thick know, it was simon's ''tube'' down his throat the whole surgery. giving him his life seed as he wept over thick, rubbing his cheek, and soothing him, as a tear dropps into the hole in his head and now simon will forever be a part of thick. THUS.  - THICK HAS BEEN SIMONED
GOD BLESS YAH!!!!
Did he get a metal plate? Please tell me he got a plate, I'm sending kitchen magnets
Thick needs to read a book called "When air hits your brain, you're never the same." It answers a lot of questions about what happens to you physically and mentally after brain surgery.
I don’t really watch neebs gaming but I love all your animated shows and I’m really happy to hear you’re okay thick
Send that tumour a bit of jeep-C4. Get well soon mate
Oh thank god, good to hear you again Thick
make sure he gets the love and support w all gave him while he was away, like you guys did with me whgen i was in my coma.( not intended i know but it helped a lot).
Guys. I love you but.... I hit 420 liked videos. I can't like you no more. :-(
I’m glad you are doin ok now brother God bless
He still killed cooter
Can someone tell me what happened to Thick. I've been in area for work the past 4 months, the internet is horrible.  I can't load the past videos, comments or description.
Not sure if that will be read, with cancer you should change your diet to keto / carnivore.
One my family members passed away from an aggressive brain cancer 8 years ago so its so nice to hear that you caught it early❤
Get well soon💯
Glad everything is working out hope the tests are all good news for ya Thick
I've been away for a little bit but when I heard thick had a tumor I became so worried I'm so glad your okay thick
I am so glad that the doctors Thick'd Thick's tumour.
I'm not crying your crying.
Thank God
I may be 2 weeks late but I'm glad you're okay man channel wouldn't have been the same without you
As a cancer survivor myself, that’s fantastic to hear, brother!! Stay strong!
hearing thick makes me so happy - i ve got tears in my eyes - love you all
There is good hospital food in the cafeteria but there is also TERRIBLE hospital food that a patient is limited to.
Thanks for sticking around longer, Thick. And no shit, medical crap is soooooo expensive. Back about 10 years ago, my neighbor basically took off his entire arm in a machinery accident. And we're way out in the sticks of Minnesota. Hospital in town is great, but about a half hour ambulance ride. So he was air lifted via helicopter. That was about $25,000 alone, just for the heli ride, 20 miles into town. $25k, for a 20 mile ride to to the hospital in a helicopter... The money you need to pay, to not die is nuts.
Thick44 I'm so glad your surgery went well. I hope you are doing well. Had one removed almost 2 years ago and have been in remission for 10 months. Prayers for you and your loved ones for continued health and happiness. Your support system is amazing. :)
thick looks like Jason Statham congrats brother I prayed for you :)
that’s a Thicc ass head in the Thumbnail
The human man warrior lives on!!
Hope you're doing well man!  Likely on chemo and radiation for a while.  Hopefully it was a low grade tumor with low likelihood of return.   Eat well, stay positive and laugh. 🙏🏽
I heard that when they opened him up they could hear faint voices yelling "IM THICK 44!" and "YOUR NOTHING!" coming from behind the tumor
Im so happy that your okay!!!
Ok so it's been a week and I can say Now from the Thumbnail..that it Looks like Thick got kicked in the head by a Horse...the scar kinda looks like a horseshoe. Default joke explanation to throw off anyone who asks and doesn't know "It Was a Tumah!!"
Glad your back and everything went well.
*We all love you Thick44, You're our Man-Warrior Hero!!!*
Glad to hear ur doing better man.hoping it dont return or become something worse
execute order 66
I'm so glad to see you doing well after the surgery. Last week I had to go to the er for a atypical migraine that presented as a stroke, so I know how much that can cost. Please let us know if you find out you need more financial aid. What you guys have given us in entertainment over the years is worth any help we send your way. Thank you for everything and don't hesitate to reach out for help. No man is a monolith. Much love!
He may have said some things about the Cybertruck I don't agree with, but I didn't want him to get a cancerous tumor.
That moment THICK says he's never had bad meat in his hand or mouth.
Stay strong thick44 and stay cool
He still LEFT a BURRITO UNEATEN.
Very glad youre doing well thick44, you and your humor made a big impact on me growing up. I hope nothing but good health man. Having your friends there every step of the way will help more than anything
The hospital I work at has okay crab cakes.
I;m so glad you made it out thick bro been a long time subscriber and you guys are a big reason i have started my own channel you guys are awesome and thick brother prayer out to you for a speedy recovery!!
We love thick
Hope is well.
I'm glad things are moving in the right direction 🙌🙏
im gald everything went well thick hope you get better soon x
much love thick
I am so happy for you Thick!! Best of luck in your future recovery!! You aren't allowed to leave us yet!
Looking forward to season two !  ❤️😎🙏
Make sure to have a smile and always be happy even if you day is dark there is always light at the end  and ark and your friends and all of us are there for you at the beginning and the end of your surgery on your head so always smile
I'm really glad thick got through this so far, and I wish him the best of luck in his recovery. Does make you think tho what happens to all of the people who don't have such a large fanbase, given that even the amount we raised will not be enough to cover all of his medical bills
This is the only channel that could make me laugh about someone having a cancerous brain tumor, and subsequently having brain surgery. I love it.
awesome to hear this! Also, Fuck the 85 (at the moment) that disliked this.
Thank fuck you are better man
So glad things are going well. All of you at Neebs have been such great influences to my brother and I and we wish you all the absolute best moving forward. And we are always praying for ya Thicc.. We love you guys.
I'm glad your doing well
We love you thick44.
God bless you, Thick.
So happy you’re doing good thick I hope you start doing even better
Amazing that you recovered man.
Thank god we love you
So glad everything has gone so well so far.. Gotta be like a punch in the nuts even finding out about the tumor. Hope you have a speedy recovery Thick. :)
Wish you and you guys all the best
So happy to hear your doing good brother, i hope you have a speedy recovery 🙏
Thank you.
I really have so much hope that thick is gonna beat this and be cancer free.
omg, all the best dude, much love.
I am glad the surgery went well.  I hope everything else goes well!
damn that sucks thick... i havnt been here in awhile but hope you the best.
So glad everything went well! Speedy Recovery!
I'm not gonna lie, I was extremely scared, but I know you'll beat this, it's nothing, you're thick44!
Watching this on the 6th... O_O
Well im glad hes ok
Thick44 happy to hear your in good spirits man! Glad your doing on
Heaven be like: Mission failed we'll get him next time
glad it went well thick
Great stuff here hoping that it's sorted for good
IT'S NAHT A TUMA!
I feel for you thicc I came to in a hospital 4 years ago was told I had 3 seizures in the matter of a few hours, 3 days prior. They informed me I had been found unconscious, unresponsive, barely breathing in the shower, I had been there for 3 days and was diagnosed with epilepsy. I was hooked up to a EEG, had already had an MRI and was headed for a CT scan. They realised me that night and a week later the bills started to arrive punch line the bills totaled over $75k. I can't imagine what yours look like.  EDIT:  because it always comes up no drugs were not the cause, yes they tested me at the hospital after insisting that there was no other explanation. Passed the drug test nothing in my system. Still have no idea what caused the seizures.
Damn 5 days late to the news :( I broke my phone just got it today. I'm so happy to hear everything gone well mate!
The surgeon is now confirmed to have the bipod for his scalpal
I’m glad your recovering thick you have and always will be a warrior
Why do i feel like there's gonna be a song about this situation?
Good to hear you are doing better!
American health care system seems ridiculous
Who hit the dislike button?😡🤬
Oh my gosh! I'm glad your okay thick44
Thick Buddy My Girlfriend and I were Heart Broke hearing about All this an Are Rooting for you buddy Glade to Hear Surgery Went well An Hope everything is ok from hear On My Guy. In fact You and Neebs ASSPRO Dora and Simon Videos Are Something we Can't Do without an You Can't Not be Removed From them any time soon Definitely will not be the same if you weren't in them. And don't know but what you're going through is giving me a scare cuz even though I don't know exactly what your symptoms were but everything that you had said I've had been having the same problem I haven't told my girlfriend or my kids yet and I don't know how to or know what to do but the tingles down arm and numb hand and I'm pretty sure that I've missed my mouth also when drinking liquids never thought much about it until I watched your video and I'll be honest I am so mixed emotions I'm doing everything I can to keep it together and not freak out in front of my kids and girlfriend maybe it's not the same thing maybe it is I just know everything that you said I have had the same symptoms and I am freaking out anyways I'll be honest I'm not the guy that runs to the doctor and I May wait to see how your turns out before I even attempt to find out so please thick you got to be okay bro because if you're not I'm probably not going to go and find out and I'm not trying to be negative your thick44 so I know you'll make it out the wyvern King that always somehow comes out alive where the rest of the guys get so called "Thicked" which I never understood because if you always come out on top still breathing How are they Thicked?  To me getting thicked would Be everyone Dying Right? So wouldn't that mean Instead of thicked  everybody else just got dicked? Right? lol Any way My prayers are with you An Pretty Much My courage to go For my Self So GodsSpeed Thick44 May good Vibes an Good luck Bless you
Wow look at that like to dislike ratio. What amazing support from a community. I'm a very casual watcher of this channel, but I've always liked the 7 days to die series and I watched alot of them when I was obsessed with the game last year.
I wish you well and a speedy recovery. God bless.
Speedy recovery , glad all went well .
So glad you're ok. I went through open heart surgery at 33 years old. All of you guys rock
I am so glad Thick is doing well, Neebs gaming has brought a lot of happiness to my life, and I want to be watching them for many years to come. By the way, doctors and nurses, and all the researchers that keep pushing us forward through the insane complexity of the human body and its systems, those people are absolute freaking heroes
Im Thick 44 Cancer. YOUR NOBODY! You got this my dude
I havent watched this channel in years but im so happy Thick is ok
So glad it went ok thick
I'm glad you are okay!
https://youtu.be/BMPw0vHl1wA  15min mark
I don't know you guys personally but I've been a follower of this channel and part of the Neebs Gaming family for damn near a decade and this shit hit me hard as hell... A brain tumour got my uncle in 2018 and took him down in 2019 and honestly my heart was so damn broken when I saw that announcement video... I know we don't know each other but I am so grateful to your channel for getting me through some serious shit with my own bad health, including my own cancer and I am right here cheering you on Thick! Tell that cancer its nothing!!
So glad to hear your voice again Thick. Missed you and my family and I who watches you guys with me constantly we all give you warm hugs and send you positive thoughts for a quick recovery. We were all there, your Neebs gaming family was with you and will be throughout this. You got this Thick.
<3 Can't say anything. Just glad everything went fine!
So so glad they got it out Thick! I truly hope that it doesn't come back and I am sorry you are going through this ❤ love from Australia
Glad things are well, hope the treatment and everything all works out!  Loving the high tech doctor part haha
fenbendazole
Good to hear that Thick is out of hospital & his health is on the rise.   Wishing every one of you guys good health from all the fans down here in Australia
https://youtu.be/NJvz4DaFc0c https://youtu.be/NJvz4DaFc0c My reaction to thick's brain tumor
"Dear cancer, I'm THICK44. YOUR NOTHING!
glad you are getting thru this thick, series would never be the same without ya
I think the guys should do a D&D series
Love you guys, and Thick, you got this.
I'd put that tumor preserved in a jar.  Label would be "This fucker tried to kill me, it failed miserably"
Thank god your ok
Bro happy for thick but what if the doctors thicked thick????? Just wondering
Been a subscriber for years absolutely love you guys. Glad to hear your surgery went well and that the tumor got "thicked" 🤣 best wishes guys. Hope you have a speedy recovery thick. PS. Simon don't fall in a hole.🤣🤣
Glad your ok bud
i had to watch my grandmother slowly die of brain cancer so happy that you caught  it early and got it out
Thank you guys for making this public. I'm currently having some of the same issues Thick had before he found out so I'm now going to get an appointment going for a check up. I love you guys and I truly hope all ends up well.
I'm so happy to hear your surgery went well and glad you're out of the hospital and well and healthy good for you thick
the American healthcare system is worse than some criminals.  but I'm glad he's well
Man thick im with u about hospital food over here its the some, the food they sell is so different to what u get when ur in the hospital, glad u are still with us the guys wouldnt be the same without u
Guess we can say tuumah got thick'd 😈
Based on the thumbnail…are we to assume that Thick was arrested soon after the surgery?
two people in my family have died from this form of cancer and my uncle may have saved many lives because of what he did while dying  im so glad you made it through
Loving you all… ❤️
I'm so glad to hear things are going well keep up the positivity thick! tell that tumor to get thicked
Haven’t watched y’all in years. I think I’m gonna start again
Glad the surgery went well man - wishing you a full and swift recovery!
Man all the love and support from across the pond get well and man warrior through this. You need too talk to the fun pimps from 7 days to die to move the hole on the other side for your zombie haha. But for real all the love for you and your health. Thanks you for being you .
Good on ya brother. The wyvern king.can’t be killed
Glad you're back home, brother!
why there are dislikes? :D
Cancer can’t handle getting Thick’d
in my prayers man i used to watch you guys my whole childhood and i come back to see this man its heart breakeing im glad hes doing ok tho
Good luck brother!!!
Glad you're doing well man. Here's hoping it doesn't come back! Long live our King Thikk44.
I am so glad thick is out. Hopefully they able to eliminate the rest of the cancer that didn't get out with the tumor removal.  I don't know how effective those waifers are, but here is crazy idea maybe if the technology is there they could do like Fantastic voyage except with the neebs gameing crew in control of tiny robots inside thicks head getting rid of rest of cancerous cells. However I am sure Simon would find someway to destroy his tiny robot or screw something up.   Now as for hospital food most Hospital food outside of patient food has gotten a lot better. Patient food has to meet certain overall requirements for health purposes which explains why it test bad and jell-o is the best patient food.
Damn its good to hear your sexy, dulcet voice again Thick! So glad your doing good!
Glad you’re doing well thick!
Bro, you should use can nabls oil, it stops any tum or from growing
Damn i was in bed about to go to sleep and i see this vid in my feed i watched it and now im hyped as fuck. Lets fucking go thick you absolute mad man.
I can hear the tumor off in the distance. Promoted! Promooooooted!
Lets fucking go baby
I never realised how invested I was in you guys until this... Thick44, I wish you the best and get well!
We love ya Thick!!
Fuck I'm glad everything worked out my guy Stay safe
We love you thicc
I used to work at a hospital and certain dishes made by certain chefs are actually pretty good. Most of us knew when to get the good food and when to stand clear lol
https://youtu.be/NJvz4DaFc0c My reaction to thick having his brain tumor removed.
My aunt recently had brain cancer and the keto diet helped her A LOT. she's doing great now😁
God he even looks like the recon from bf3, i.e, missing part of the brain. I'm kidding love you guys I'm so glad thick is doing alright, thoughts go out to you and your family, here's hoping all that Cancer is gone. Now get back on the battlefield soldier!
Good to know you love burritos as much as I do! Well and the fact how your fine mostly the former though haha!.
Dont know if its too soon but get this man a USAS-12 so he can become a god! He can control day and NIGHT!
We should all be lucky enough to have friends like this.
I’m am not a doctor and this is for comidec purposes. I think I can tell you how you got your tumor. You are spending at least 5 hours a day with these dumbasses and your brain just decided it wanted to say I’m done with this and tried to strangle your brain
“ I was out in two days. I’m so tough.” 😂😂
Keep winning Thick we all love you ❤️✌️
Wyvern King prayers and 💜 to you on your recovery 🙏
I'm so glad you're okay! I didn't think a brain tumor would be operable, I'm so glad they could cut it out! Kick that cancer's ass, Thick! We've got genome sequencing and targeted treatments these days, you're gonna make it!
Glad he okay i love watching your guys videos yall crack me up
My whole team was shocked at the news. I am glad you made it through. You can't go anywhere
Thick45... because 44 Thicks is just not enough. Glad you're okay Thick!
6:00 oh god... The Maverick is Logan Paul's boxing nickname.
Looks like he had a horse kick his head. Probably feels like it too
He's thick44 the cancer killer, dino tamer, lover of men, and slayer of beasts. Thick44!!!
Oh my goodness, I’m so glad the surgery went well! I hope you continue to recover amazingly
One of the most wonderful sounds in the world was when I heard Thick's voice again; tired, but strong-spirited.
Fantastic news!! <3
Your a good man Thick. Thank you for all you've created and shared with us. Praying for you.
How can you make a video about having a brain tumor/ surgery/ recovery funny, i love you guys, happy youre feeling good Thick! :-D
Im glad to hear that they got ALL of it and you got it caught early as possible. Cancer is scary but you got this! You'll kick this diagnosis's a$$ :) Healing and positive energy sent your way. Keep gaming!
Glad you're out and on your feet Thick. You're a top bloke, I'm glad you have such an amazing support circle, friends etc. Glad you caught this early 👍 Welcome back to the fold brother 🖤
Best wishes to you and your family Thick, hope it all works out and that you get through this. Thick44 kills Cancer
Who the effin shiz, even disliked this?
HE GOT THE BORRRIITTOOOO!
Please make Battlefield Friends for Battlefield 2042. 🙏🏻 I'm super happy that Thick made it through your surgery.
Hola Thick44 mucho gusto que todo salio buien. Que todo siga siendo a lo mejor.
Thick44 Human-man-warrior CANNOT BE STOPPED!  So much love brother, you got this and we're all here for you.
The tumour got THICKED.
Why would anyone thumbs down this video!!?!
HUZZAH!
So happy to hear you are doing better.
This was the best news i cud have heard kick its ass wyvern king 44
We will always be behind everyone of y'all! For some your our entire childhood. Love you guys so much!
Wish you a quick recovery and more amazing videos of people getting thick'd
you cant fuck up meatloaf, but boy did they try.
I think it's fair to complain about shitty hospital food in America considering your paying a fucking premium to be there
YAYYYYYYYY
Hii
Glad to hear your ok though.
This country is fucked. If your sick you better have $ or you die. You get arrested for a crime that didn't happen, you better ha e money or your guilty.
Glad to see you're doing okay dude. We love you Thick44.
My uncle recently got treated for leukemia at Duke, assuming you mean Duke in NC, his prognosis wasn't looking great but he's doing pretty well now and is cancer free, those guys kick ass and Thick will definitely be in good hands.
Yo Thick my guy Glad to hear everything went well buddy
Tumor got thicked, rock the stage man
did you tell the tumor... I'M THICK44!! YOU'RE NOBODY!!  I'M A WARRIOR!!!
@Thick44 You my fav no worries. I'm sure young but happy your ok!
Dude... Love your positive attitude. Happy your recovering well. Much luv buddy.
Sending good vibes mates
looks a bit like adam lavigne
2:41 Funny thing about that is, the German translation for Crabs is also the German word for Cancer. "Krebs".
Burrito will fight anything!
From the thumbnail I just got to say thick44.5 cyber implants installed  I am the the cyber warrior
why are there even dislikes on this video???????
Im glad surgery went well sucks it was aggressive but you will kick that cancers ass hope you make a full recovery soon stay strong and stay positive man
Very  glad you got such a good prognosis. 25 years ago my dad was taken away from us from the very same thing.
Oh man what a relief! So glad you are ok. See you in BF 2042!!
I hope your ok!!! because you guys always make my day
I'm glad your okay man,  I know how having cancer is, I know you can overcome it, you've got this!
Thick I hope you have a full recovery. Just lost my dad to brain aneurysm. Things like this are unexpected
Okay, that's not an 'n', it's an upside down 'u'. And that's obvious to anyone with half a brain... like Thick!
✊🏿♥️♥️♥️
Glad to hear its going well thick44. 👍
LETS GO THICK!!!!!!
Thank god😁
June 19, 2018 is the date i subscribed to this channel i love this channel
Strong! Remain strong you got this💯
You guys make my life happier. I wish good things for you guys.
Been a long time fan. You guys are amazing! Keep fighting that fight brother! Good health to all of you and a speedy recovery
Thick cracking his knuckles ready to throw some haymakers at that cancer
We love you guys!!! Im so fuckin happy for you Thick!!!😁💪💪💪
I'm really glad you're doing better and I hope it's gone and stays gone. We your fans can't lose any of you guys, it just wouldn't be the same. And I know that's selfish to say but my life isn't all that great so at the end of the day I need a good laugh and you guys always deliver. It just makes me happy to no end to know your  doing better now. Thick, Neebs, Appsro, Dora, and Simon I wish you all the best and a long healthy life.   LONG LIVE THE NEEBS GAMING CREW we need them more than you'll ever know.
Also I mean even the human man warrior should just insurance, so what's the GoFundMe thing?
Hey cancer! Do you even know who this is!? This is Thick44! Human Man Warrior!
I was just wondering if you could set up something for donations this if there is any please let me know where
We love you human man warrior ❤❤❤
Wonderful
What are the odds that the "delicious meatloaf" that th hospital served you, was actually made from your pathology specimen?
Burritos cure Cancer!   Huzzah!!!
Seafood glad your ok thick /:  :)
Holy fuck man. Stay strong thick! Wyvern king forever! Not to push anything, but turkey tail mushrooms(non psychoactive, purely medicinal) have been shown to have some pretty good results at keeping immune systems running well amidst treatment. Again, not to trying to sell anything. Paul stamets talks about them, but ive heard his own brand is kinda mediocre.
Happy you back thick44! 😀
damn thick.  your a beast im glad your doin good my mans.
Glad you're alright
Thank you for the update, stoked he is doing ok!
Life is so precious dude moments like this make me truly appreciate all the good things in my life. Glad your doing good homie.
Watch it be that one archer scene lol
praying for you thick
Glad to hear your didn't get thicked bud. Praying that all the news from this point forward is nothing but good.
Thicc44 u r the man
thank god thick is ok
Glad u good. Get well sir
Hey thick, guys.. that scar looks like you could turn it into a little door for upgrade modules! Just imagine.. a homing module for when he decides to go on an adventure. A bring-the-bird home module.. a dont attack the scary thing module..  Get well Thick the boys need a WarriorMan to keep them safe
Thick, please take it easy. The Neebs family has your back. I hope you have a very safe recovery. Hopefully nothing else come up
MAKE MORE BFF VIDEOS PLS
I hope you have a speedy recover, Thick!
All the best dude love from Scotland
feel    better   Thick
On a real note I hope everything goes well. Praying for you and your family.
You lads are so uplifting. Thank you and please continue to do what you do. It's working. 😎🛎️🛎️🛎️🍻
I'm sorry cancer he's Thick44
Wish you all the best man take care of your self youll make it through this!
My friend just beat brain cancer. They removed the tumor and a year of chemo pills later, he has a clean bill of health. Praying the same for you Thick!
good to know my childhood isn't going down the drain
THE TUMOR CANT BEAT THE WYVERN KING
Take care of each other its only when the chips r down u find out how loved u r. The fact u have so much support shows the kind of man u r  stay positive an know u have people all over the world praying for u
Glad they got it early
Glad to hear its going well!
I hope for more good news as time goes on.  Thanks for sharing and I'm glad it's gone well so far.  Keep it up!
So ecstatic to hear things went so well. I seriously hope things continue to be so for the foreseeable future. Great news!
The cancer felt bad cuz he’s so short. Just kidding I’m thankful thick’s still with us.
Thank God everything went well.
It has been done. Thick has finally Thicked himself irl
Should let everyone know if your arm and typing gets better.
Am happy for you Thick that the surgery went well and get well soon.
Thick is gunna thick 44 that cancers arse
Anyone else donate approximately $44? Love you Thick!
Glad you caught it early my dad all of a sudden started getting bad headaches went in stage four brain and lung cancer that spread through out his body it was in his liver, kidneys and lymp nodes  they gave him 18 months if he did treatment 6 if he didn’t he did treatment and passed 4 months later, catching it early is so crucial and sounds like you did glad to hear.
HE GOT HIS BURRITO!!!
So grateful that they got that out of your head. Sending all the positivity and love possible for you and the rest of the guys.
this maybe something to setup a donation stream for brain cancer research
Best wishes and hoping for an excellent long term prognosis! Prayers sent!
Prayers inbound brother.
I would like to ask you something, has any doctor told you what the cancer is about, whether it feeds, how to fight it without opening the body, the cancer feeds on sugar and carbon dioxide, the less oxygen in the body in a given organ, the greater the risk of cancer  and usually it is the fault of the organ's stress, stress,less stress, more oxygen, oxygen from vegetables, greens and reds, beetroot red✌️✌️✌️✌️
Awesome! Getting Thick'd may have a new meaning.
I'm so glad thick didn't die from covid.
Congratulations, Thick!!!! Glad your back and the Neebs gang is whole again! No pun intended!
really glad your doing ok Thick and i hope you make a full recovery quickly
I heard they broke 3 diamond tip drills just to get through there.
I'm glad to hear the surgery was successful, Thick! Stay positive and the community is rooting for you!
Oh wow! I am sorry. Lot's healing and loving wishes sent to you!
Get back up to speed!!! Glad you caught that shit very early... cheers to many more healthy years ahead!!!!
It's good it was caught early. Hopefully it dosent return I'm not a very religious man but you have my prayers if those mean anything.
I'm gonna go out on a limb here, and I know Appsro is thinking the same thing... did Thick44 not have a massive disfiguring scar on his head this whole time, or is that new?  I mean, I've seen them all before I just don't pay attention... is that not how Thick44 looks all the time?  I could have sworn he had evidence of a massive head wound on his bald dome for years, but maybe that's just me.  (all joking aside, great to hear you're doing well! now get back to Twitter or whatever it is you do because we all know damn well you won't be helping out editing any videos!) xD
Fuuuuck man.  I'm crying.  I had no idea.  Fuuuuuck.  Mad love to you Thick!
Best wishes for a 100% recovery!!!  thanks so much for all the amazing content you guys deliver...  the ARK supercuts was my first experience of you guys... and you all rock.  Thick44 please recover fully...  anyway, thanks for all the content...
Get well soon, big lad! We’re all rootin for ya!
Glad the surgery didn't get "thicked" hope your recovery is well
So relieved they were able to catch it fast and get all of it out! Let's hope it won't be reoccurring and Thick can stay healthy and carry on life as he had before! Welcome back, man! We missed you.
Praying for you man
God bless u you are my favourite YouTubers you are so funny I’ve got that that funniness to end today
Good to hear you are back 😊
get better soon!!
Stay strong, man.
I’m 37, been a subscriber for years. I feel like a cousin just got the all-clear.
I'm right up the road from you in Fayetteville. You need anything, just ask. Love to treat you to lunch sometime. Take care of yourself.
Neebs coffee. I'm fucking sold.
Love you thick 😘😘😘😘😘😘
Glad u ok thick boi 44
hey! so good to hear you guys together
So glad he's doing better
Voice doesn't match the Russian mobster look lol
No one stops thick44
So is the tumor official Thicked?
love you thick!!! hope it all works in the end, your my favorite voice on the channel! no hate to the others lol
Get wrecked cancer, Thick44's the aggressive one baby!!!
Truly nothing can kill Thick44!
Wish thick a very fast recovery
Love u Thick so glad ur alright
no cancer has a chance against the wyvern king
Good luck with everything, Thick! Cancer has hit my family a few times, and has taken a grandma in the past. But, I know with our medical advances, you will pull through this! Best of luck from Wisconsin!
Glad you're well man.
Glad you're doing good brotha. God bless.
Prayin for you man, I’m glad it went well. 🤘🏼
Nothing but thoughts n respect for da man Thick.... I hope all goes well moving forward. You have an amazing network of support around you, as long as you don't get MULE killed. Oh and I'd prob avoid hanging out with Simon n getting a Steamboat Willy.
God bless you.    And the rest of the bunch
"I want a burrito"  Can we get this man a decent burrito please?!
Continued prayers, my friend.
Glad they caught it when they did. Here's to a speedy recovery mate
Even tumors get thicked XD
So glad the surgery went well. Sending good vibes.
I lost my left nut to cancer in October. I hope you have as great as a recovery as I did Thick, you're the fuckin' man
Do neebs gaming bave discord?
I'm sending you all my support Thick. St Easter I got diagnosed with what they call aggressive breast cancer and I'm going through the chemo process still. I really understand what this feels like. But we will kick ass and pull through!
tumor just got thicked. its a fact.
I'm so happy for you Thick! <333
<3<3<3<3
So glad ypur ok praying foryou thick always my favorite
Can't even begin to tell you how happy I am that you're doing so well! Before you pay any hospital bill, HAVE IT ITEMIZED! They drop a lot of their prices before letting anyone see they're charging $700 /asperin.
Thank God you got it quickly
Fingers crossed. Been watching y'all since Doraleous & Associates and Battlefield Friends. Y'all are my heroes.
God is good
So glad you are okay Thick! You guys are a great group I love all your videos! All hail The Wyvern king!
Love you thick ❤❤❤ You will appreciate life even more now
We got you Thick so proud of you, YOU KICKED IT'S ASS!!!!!!
Name the cancer like in Ark so you can Thick it for sure!!! Good luck and I wish you the best!
Thick  I couldn't watch needs without thick
If I was born with brain cancer I've had surgeries my whole life so I understand  Probably a lot of what you went through I'm glad you're OK and doing better Keep fighting no matter what
You guys have such unique voices ngl
Thick I wish u the best u are in my prayers and do as needs said next time u are in the hospital get the crab cakes we are here for u thick 🙂🙂🙂🙂🦀🎂
Glad to hear your better thick think we might need a new tshirt for the wyvern king beating cancer
Man, if Thick was in a Canadian hospital he could of gotten some subway 🤷‍♂️🤣
sending you love and prayers from Charlotte!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
U go thick 44
Thick almost thicked himself! 😂😂 I’m so happy he is Okay!!
blessings Thick, you will be with us forever <3
OOOOOOOOO HSS OK OMG,no because i really want y’all to be around long enough to see and my friends become like y’all 🤝you’re my inspirations for having a group youtube channel
so glad everything went good. Don't worry too much about the cancer thing. I lost my eye to cancer when I was two and I'm still alive.
Glad to hear everything went well man. Thought about ya the whole weekend.
When Thick, Thicked Cancer.  THICK GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK Thick44!
First time it's ever been a good thing for something (the tumor) to get Thick'ed.
Dr brown "congratulations! The surgery was a success.  Thicks credit card:  declines*  Dr brown : pulls out baseball bat*
Thick, I think you know how blessed you are to have this extra family.
Glad to hear the surgery went well and you're doing okay. I know the battle from here is uphill but we're all here for you in the best ways we can be.
Thick, you are awesome man. Keep on slaying, wishing you the best!
Keep moving and beat this - we're with you!
Maybe by poking around in Thicks head, they can maybe snip the part that causes people to get thicked. Or maybe smack him around or something
Glad everything is goin well and you are in good spirits, hopin for the best for ya!
Who the hell are the 74 people that disliked this?
now with those scar thick is the manlier man in neebs gaming!✌️✌️
You got this Thick
If stick gets the tumour back from pathology, he should jar it and name it
Would totally buy Thick44 staple necklace
💛💛Get well my guy💛💛
we love you tony
Awesome that you're out and still the same old Thick 44!  At the time of this writing there are 73 thumbs down, how is that a thing!?!?!
YOURE THICK44!!  YOURE A WARRIOR!!
im only crying a lil bit! (tears of joy I was so worried!) we all love you get better soon thick!
Luv you man glad your okay. If it’s still here fight it you can beat the shit out of it
Hey, cancer..."I'm Thick 44, you're NOBODY!!"
Man dude, so many pos vibes and prayers (not sure you are into that, but any port in a storm, right?)
yeeeeiiiiiiii ....oohhh .....yei no agresive......and sweet ass........me happy¡¡
You got this thick can't believe you doing so well so fast that's awesome man we are all here for you and wishing you the fastest recovery possible 💪💪💪💪
God I have watched this channel for so damn long you guys are iconic to my life. I’m just glad that everything seems good so far
They sucked the tumor out and gave his brain room to get bigger. So now he will become a genius.
Doras voice cracked. He loves Thick
Thick…looks like a devout racist.
I'm glad you're better bud
My dad just died of melanoma. I hope you have a speedy recovery ❤️‍🩹
Don't know you bruddah, but I wish you well.  Even asked Jeebus  for a favor (he owes me one because of the first wife)
HUMAN MAN WARRIOR THICK44 DOES NOT LOSE!!!
GG bud GG
I want neebs gaming skins in BF 2042, somehow this needs to happen.
the wyvern king will vanquish that tumor it doesn't  stand a chance
Mate! The community loves you, and we are there for you!!!!!! Best for the Recovery & road ahead.
Thick is living up to the meaning of thick haha he is a thicccccc warrior! I'm glad you got ya borito and I'm glad you are still going, blessing to you dude honestly I prayed for you and glad they were answered, all hail the thick 44! Haha.
Hey this is great news. I just saw the thumbnail and headline, totally thought it was a joke, but I was wrong. Glad you're alright for now Thick44! I'm new here but love you guys, would hate to have any of you fall ill or worse. Keep it going gents!
God bless good to hear
imagine hating something so much you dislike the video
Love ya thick
Wish you all the luck thick  we love you!
Hope everything goes great with your recovery!!! Im glad your doing good! 👍
I’ve followed you guys for years. I’ve turned friends onto you guys. We love you Thick.
Need to know how those crabcakes are👀
Im glad you made it man, i was really stressed about it. i love you guys. take care.
I'm so happy you were able to go through. Not a lot of people can survive this. My uncle in Cuba had a tumor in  his brain as well. They removed it but later found out they didn't remove all of it. So it grew back stronger and attack the other side of his head. He eventually passed away about 3 weeks ago. Even though he didn't make it and im sad about it, it makes me happy that you didn't need to suffer the way he did.
welcome back thick44 im glad u r ok  <3  im so relieved
So glad they got it in time mate... your positive mental attitude and the fact that you are a human man warrior will get you the rest of the way dude.. stay positive stay happy and keep laughing mate... love you and the boys, take care and more updates as you get the chance please
Such a relief to hear Thick in such good spirits after such a traumatic event! Fingers crossed for the pathology report 🤞👍
Cancer came Cancer saw  Cancer got its ass THICK'D
DO NOT  get the cheese burger at duke!  It’s gross lol. Glad you are doing good, Stay positive !
So glad your ok, your a very strong person.. I love you all!
Thick should eat it to demonstrate his strength.
❤❤❤
Thick when he wakes up from surgery:  I'M THICK44 YOU'RE NOBODY !
Top stuff thick awesome news
I can hear the tumor bitching about getting Thick'd. "Awww, man! Ya lured me in here with the promise of that tasty brain, then BAM! I'm dead! Somebody shoulda warned me your brain was Simon proofed."
Stay safe dude.
I'M SO HAPPY FOR YOU THICK! Please get well and please stay in good health 💝🎉❤️⭐
Wishing you a speedy and painless recovery Thick :)
Your awesome Thick. C aint got nothing on you.
Thank god, glad your ok buddy realy has us worried
AMEN!
Thank God we get another year of thick 🤘🍻🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🍣
Glad to hear it went well!  Keep us posted
Way to go thick!
Beat this Thick! We are with you 💛💛 This is my favorite channel. Sending thoughts and prayers.
The US needs Universal Healthcare shouldn't have to cost a limb to save one, everyone deserves the right live.
Who thumbs down a video like this? Lol
Glad you’re doing well thick. Go wasp guy!
I'm so glad
Shows true friends, you can rip on each other but you know there's love deep down, make fun but its true.
He can do this he is a Warrior!!!!!!!!
Hell yea. Glad everything is good so far with you Thick
Soooooo glad to hear you're doing better and that the operation was a success Thick, just wouldn't be the same without you on this channel, I wish you nothing but the best from here on and look forward to more Thick44 antics 🙂
ITS NOT A TOOMA!!!!!!!
For those 71 people who disliked this video, Shame on you, you heartless bastards, Glad to hear you're ok Thick. The human man warrior will live forever!!!
Glad you made it out well buddy, to a speedy recovery you wonderful human man 🤟🖤
Don't let your guard down. This is the boss fight. But you are Thick44 and you have everything you need to WIN!
THICK44 "I get kills" "You are NOBODY"  Hope everything is well.
thicks44 new superpower is that he wont get lost again
Gj to the surgeons! Thanks to them Thick44 can keep reigning as the king of the wyverns!! Also known as the human man warrior
Glad that it was diagnosed early and the operation was done promptly resulting in them getting it all out. 4 members of my family had delayed diagnosis' to the point surgery was unfortunately unsuccessful, the most recent being my dad who sadly passed early this year after a year long battle after unsuccessful surgery.
Wish you the best Thick
Hope everything went good, and stays good.. same as you  Some of my best and worse . meals were in the hospital.. was aprised how some food is so good but Soo late
It's good to hear your voice glad they got it out and glad you're doing well
Is this where the auditions are for Thicks replacement? Neebs said to check the description.
Nice one Maverick. Kick it in the balls. 👊👊
Love♥️
Sooo good to hear your voice Thick. Thanks everyone for this video. There's going to be aftercare expenses so I hope that the go fund me remains open.
We're glad your doing good man!
Hang tough Thick44
Thank God been worried this whole time
Hell yeah, rock and roll #*\€14&.&/&559?,rock
YOU'RE A WARRIOR!! glad to here your doing good man, lots of love from Canada 🇨🇦
Glad you're good man
best  of luck, our best wishes  are  with you.
Nice!!!!! Congrats Thicc!!!
💓
Glad you doing ok thick hope you have a speedy recovery dude
Congrats!!!
Hey guys, OR nurse here and I work with the Stealth Navigation system every so often when I work in the Neuro service. I thought you might be interested in an explanation of how the system works, since it's essentially the same technology that's use for the Xbox Kinect and Motion Capture animation! First, you get multiple MRI's of your head so the surgeon has a large composite of reference during surgery. From those MRI's, the Stealth System can build a 3D model of the surface of you head in it's system. When it's time for surgery, they affix you head to a device that will keep you head perfectly still (our facility uses a Mayfield Head Holder, google at your own risk). Once you head is immobile (fixed in space), the Stealth representative aims the detection device at your head (essentially an Xbox Kinect) and the surgeon uses and instrument with 4 specifically placed motion capture balls at the end of it to calibrate the system. Once calibrated, the system can tell EXTREMELY precisely where the tip of the surgeons tool exists in 3D space. Then, using the multiple composites of MRI's they take and the 3D model of your head, the system shows the surgeon EXACTLY where the tip of their instruments are inside your brain in real time. This way, the surgeon can navigate to the tumor virtually, activate their instruments when they need to cut it out, all while avoiding the major areas of the brain.  Tom Scott does a great video about the system here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Gk7EvCQGoo
I'm so glad that he caught it early! My mom recently also figured out she had breast cancer and got that removed. I hope he's completely fine and fully recovers!! :)
All hail the wyvern king! Nothing will stop him!
Ah dude, good news!  Glad you got some good news so far.  I hope it keeps going!  Good vibes going your way, even to those "lips" on yer head. :)
Welcome back to the land of the living thick
Welldone mate  keep fighting. 👍✌
Thick 44 is an absolute maverick. Nothing can keep that legend down. Prayers for your full recovery, big guy!
We love you thick!!
Welcome back Thick.. glad you didn't get Thick'd... YOU and the guys are greatly needed in the gaming world of entertainment!
This video is top 100 in trending right now. Hope for a speedy recovery for you thick
Hope it went well BUBBA
ffs you guys need  NHS stat sending love fuck scotland
I've had a thought, does this mean that Thick got Thicked? Hope everything goes well, the road to recovery has begun! stay strong dude
So you're saying that the Tumer is Like Asppro's flirting technic. Aggressive?
Glad you're  well thick
When the doctor told thick that he has a brain tumor thick looked them right back in the eye and said "no i don't" when they did another scan they saw it was gone. that is how much of a human man warrior thick44 is
fucking ace thick xxx
How much ya bench tumor!?!
Speedy recovery 🙏💪
Watch your battlefield videos back in the day. Really glad you got the cancer out before it was too late. Know too many people that weren't so lucky.
I'm praying for you and your family, man. This real-life stuff that you're sharing really puts things into perspective.
Welcome Home Thick44....That tumor got......THICK'D... Glad You're Doing Well.
I can only imagine what this has been like for you Thick, and I'm glad to hear that things went really well for you.  Much love to you and yours.  :)
I am so glad keep fighting brother
Damn, Thick. I didn't know this man, I hope all the best for you! You guys better play some damn BF 2042! We need more of you guys playing Battlefield!
thick 44 for prez 2024
Positive Vibes Thick
Do a keto diet well helps you to recover quicker
Thank goodness you're alright!! So glad to hear that everything went smoothly and that you're recovering well! Keep kicking ass yall!
Love you thick your kicked ass bud!!
Im so happy for you! Good news in a turbulent world.
I dont know you guys but all the best of wishes...cancer sucks good that you kicked its ass
Sending love from South Africa 🐣
Glad everything went well and wishing a speedy recovery brother!
The Dino summer bash costume looks like the one from your Player One Coffee ad. Looks great!!!
Good to have you still bro
Wishing you all the best Thick. That cancer is NOBODY, probably doesn't even know you get kills!
Thick got Thicked. Hang in there we are here as support! We love all of you guys
not stopping till commenting on every video on trendingd
Duke Medical is probably okay, but their Lacrosse team!
Amen 🙏🏻
The real question is who tf is out here downvoting this video. Like to meet these people irl
Really gllad your ok Thick Human Man Warrior.
The crab cakes are to die for!
So happy to see this update! Our medical system is fucked beyond belief, my mother had cancer when i was a kid and i cant imagine how much more expensive and bullshit ridden it would have been 20 years later Love ya thick, love everybody at NG.
Glad everything went well much love man
Great to hear your voice @Thick44. I only found Neebs gaming in March this year, and I'm on my ass so I couldn't help out financially, but we are all hoping for your speedy recovery. You've got this. 🙏🏻 You should spend any excess on a jet ski and really give Death the finger
Don’t worry, I’m looking down on you.
Praying for a speedy recovery and f^(k Cancer
Man these Cyberpunk 2077 characters are super realistic
I’m glad to hear it went well.  Will still continue to hope for your continual good health.
I hope not the same burrito as the one you left behind.. probably a bit stale.
Thick didnt Thick himself!
Its time for cancer to get Thicked.
Glad you're ok Thick. I hope you have a speedy recovery my guy
Glad it all went fairly well thick hope u get the full recovery keep fighting u trooper ✌🏻
New to the neebs gaming family. Never watched streamers, but your guys Sea of thieves episodes got me hooked! Glad to hear the surgery went well thick!!
i hope you beat this man. cheering for you!
"That meatloaf is shitty!"  Doctor goes: "Thats it! Put that tumour back in!"  Naaah. Shitty jokes aside.  Happy they got it the whole tumour out and hope the pathology test comes back alright. Wishing you a speedy recovery and welcome home! :)
Yaaaay, he’s not dead!
Oh wauv! that is so scary! I am thankful you are doing so good! 💙 Stay good friend! Lot's of prayers from here! 🙏
True Champ!
Cancer is nobody
Get well soon Thick! I hope to see plenty of new battlefield freinds videos this winter
Get well thick44
So glad to hear your surgery went well, for the love of everything please sell a shirt of Thick telling cancer “YOU’RE NOBODY!”
So glad to hear you’re doing well! Love you guys!
I'm only 2 minutes into the video, but I'm so happy to hear you're doing ok Thick. Love yall!!!
I just imagine Thick confronting his tumor like “You’re nobody! I’m Thick44, wyvern king! You’re nobody!” LOL We’re rooting for you, Thick!!
Thick Me and my family all have you in our prayers and hope you have a full and good life
Will you be jumping back on the ship in atlas
Feel the surge of positivity! Get well soon.
This is great news
YO tetrahydrocannabinol... saved my ass
You’re the fucking man Thick! Stoked your surgery went well and wishing you a speedy recovery!
I'm glad u are ok! I am gonna go pressure my doctor to look into the issues that I have like you did. Appreciate you sharing
Thick, I survived a battle with triple negative breast cancer as of May of this year.  I know it can be overwhelming to hear something is cancerous, even if Dr's are sure they got everything.  So glad to hear you came through surgery and are recovering so well!  You are in my thoughts and prayers and I'm wishing you all the best!
That tumor actualy got thicked. Hé went in surgury with Thick and only Thick got out  Good to hear you feel better and hope it wont comes back
I am so Happy that Thick44 is doing great. Neebs Gaming would not be the same without Thick44. Keep up the great work and i love that everyone is still giving him shit.
I wish you health and a speedy recovery.
Damn good thing you found early enough and got it all taken out.
Still with ads? Wow...
I'm late but I'm so glad that everything turned out good Thick!!
sir we remove the tumor can i keep it and call it phillip?  uhhh. i think we took out the wrong part
Thick has Thick'd his own tumor. He is truly the ultimate Man Warrior.
Glad everything went well, stay thicccccc
Holy shit, so many people checking in on you that this made youtube trending
So glad to hear that you're doing well Thick, all things considered. I just got through with my own bout of breast cancer, so I know exactly where you are right now. "And always remember... You can never give up. You can never surrender. Fight the good fight till the end of the night."
Happy to hear your recovery is going great.
Not many can say they're gonna survive cancer, you got this Thick!
Beat brain cancer by being in the best shape he could.... Will there be Thick44 Exercise videos out??
I’m still praying 🙏
Anyone else tear up, just to hear the positivity in Thicks voice.. so happy that everything went so well.
So happy you got it out and hope you have a healthy recovery also Wanna know who were the sick people who dislike this video
im so pleased for you and your family, don't be pushing yourself to much, rest and heal, glad you have come through this! GET WELL SOON BUDDY!
Glad to see you're doing well brother. Hopefully that's the end of that and you don't have to deal with anything like that again buddy, take good care of yourself my friend.
Thick44 the man, the myth, the legend!!! Speedy recovery brother!!!
You are Badass Thick 😎👊
good vibes sent your way! Love you Thick44!
Nothin but love for you guys!! God Bless!!
I am glad you are better Thick. Glad to hear everything went well.
So happy surgery went well!!!! Crossing my fingers for good news
"Thick44 here"                 -a fuckin legend  😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
Good to hear you laugh, Thick44
Get well soon!  My family and friends thoughts and prayers are with you man.
I was beginning to worry… still sounds scary though… not completely out of the woods…
Hey Thick im so happy for you that your surgery went well. Like your coworkers I had the exact same experience where one of my best friends just dropped in his kitchen with a seizure and nearly died. He had a tumor in his brain the size of a golf ball that was an agressive cancer that was months overdue. Unlike you he did not see a doctor when he started having odd things happening. Becoming confused, forgeting things (like his own songs, hes a musician) and dizzy spills. So far, to give you hope, he had surgery (he has a giant scar just like yours) and 2 rounds of kemo and hes still kicking 3 years later and still no signs of the cancer coming back. Keep staying positive and absorb all that love from everyone. My friend attests it made the whole process worlds better. Also double bonus if you need kemo you dont need to worry about losing hair.
Binged among us last night! Over and Over. I couldn’t sleep. Insomnia sucks! Thanks for keeping me company 😁😍🥰
That tumor was a nobody!
Glad you are kicking it's ass! Keep it up man!
Love ya maverick!
How often do they neebscasts
Honestly idk how some people could dislike this. Congrats on successful surgery thick hood u get better soon 👌
Golf causes cancer. That's what I learned.
I am really glad, that the surgery went well! I hope that you have a swift recovery and many healthy and joyfull years to come!! ❤️
🏨🦀🎂😝
🙏
To see the surgery on thick we will be able to see what make thick tick. 😂
Hey thick I’m glad your okay .
Glad to hear the surgery went well Thick. Hope the news continues to be good. Be well ser.
But... But.... He's got a Thicc skull... How'd they breach it, jaws of life?? 😆
This is all so real. You've been to so many amazing places in your life, both real and virtual, and you've given so much love to the world. We love you back.
Dora watching Bo Burnham makes me happy. Oh, and I'm glad Thick's ok 😅❤
Glad to see you’re in good spirits Thick. I’ve been following the channel for a while now and I enjoy everything y’all upload. Looking forward to what you have to post in the future. Keep up the great work.
So glad to hear you're recovering Thick!
Delighted for you Thick 😁❤
My day just got brighter 🎉
Whoever disliked this video has a soul made of dogshit.
Scars are awesome!!! Mark of badassery
He will get through this, I had a brain tumor when I was four, and it the all mighty thick we are talking about
You're the Wyvern King, you got this!! We're all here supporting you!
Tumor got thicked
My father went through treatment for throat cancer. He made it, and I wouldn't wish that on anyone. I pray you pull through this 100%.
I can see the lobotomy didn't work.. jk. Hope you have a quick recovery lord thickness.
Thick has a brain tumor, announces it was cancerous... immediately followed by a 5 minute story of how crap the hospital meatloaf was. Neebs Gaming in a nutshell. Glad everything went well Thick!
God im so glad man, hearing one of my childhood heros had a tumor was  heart breaking. I almost cried out of relief. Stay strong Thick!
so the getting thicked is not a thing that tumor got thicked and fuck you tumor your nobody. god bless your good to go.
God bless and my prayers are with you Thick.
So glad it went well bud! Praying the test results come back positive! (Not positive for Cancer, positive like a happy outcome). My Dad was recently diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer. It's to late for treatment but it's encouraging to hear a success story so thanks for these updates
its good to see Thick back and alright
I don't know Thick, Ya might wannna get a second opinion....When I got my vasectomy they went in a little lower than they did you. :)
Let's not forget the important lesson we learned from this whole ordeal. Thick needs a jetski... never forget.
good job guys (does this count as a face reveal to?)
thick my man im glad you are ok, i wish you a swift recovery and a cancerfree future
THICK!!! So glad you hear your voice man!  Glad they got all of the tumor out!  Thoughts and prayers with you for a speedy recovery and through your chemo/rad treatment.  We love ya, man!
He's ALIVE!!!!!!
Good job bro I'm glade you are ok
I sudove know what you are going through I have kidney failure
I'm so fucking glad thick didn't thick this operation up lol. THE 6TH IS MY BDAY!!!!! PLEASE GIVE SHOUTOUT NAMES KALOB AND I'VE WATCHED YALL FOR YEARS!!!!! Like this post so they can see it it would make this the best birthday lol
We love you
Good job thick beat that sh*t
Good luck Thick,  Australia is cheering you on mate! You’re a lucky man to have the Neebs team in your corner. I can feel the brotherhood from the other side of the world.
It's nice to hear your in good spirits I'm also happy to know that you're surgery went well,time is all we have an it's all we ever want an the more we can share together the closer together we become. Let many more sun's touch your face an moon lit nights drift you into dream for many more hilarious series with you and your team. Much love an respect Sincerely cranberrycrew
Out in 2 days because you are the wyvern king the human man warrior! Glad you are doing better
Good to see your good man wooooo
Was waiting for an update,very happy to hear it. Kick its ass thick.
Was thinkin Thick would come back a Jimmy Buffett loving vegan.
I am happy that every thing went well and your doing good. Take your time to recover and rest up as you will need all the energy you can to make more awsome videos for us all :) Much LOVE!!
Hell yeah Thick... Kick that cancer's ass!!! And try the crab cakes.
Just that you had Doc Brown made me sure it’s going to go well. Get well wishes for you man!
As soon as Thick started to talk about Stealth, the system used for the surgery and mentioned that they put down sensors; all I could hear was you guys making the gunfire sounds with your mouths, then "TUGS DOWN!"
Thank god you are OK or else ARK would be neebs and appsro either arguing or doing something actually productive and thick make the most of it and you guys need to be in a tribe again and work together again but just look back in the old times of ARK man and if you do look at this and like this comment I will be happy you took notice! P.S: thick glad you're OK :)
So very happy that Thick's on the mend. Well done Doctors.
I have never clicked a video faster, I'm glad your ok thick.
Great to hear Thick is doing well! Really happy your doing well Brother Thinking about ya Prayers !
I could not watch the first time i saw the video, dude i was sobbing and people asked me what was wrong what happened and they thought something happened to me! when i could stop sobbing and i mumbled Thick44 needs to go for surgery they where angry at me but Thick44 that tumor is NO BODY!!! you are THICK44 and the tumor got THICKED! buddy i am so happy to hear your voice again!
Who?
Thick needs to ask for an itemized repeat
so happy to hear the surgery went well. Glad thick is out of the hospital and doing well!! Sorry to hear that it was cancerous but good vibes being sent that its easy to deal with. also... what does "being thick'd" mean now? LOL
From one brain tumor survivor to another, glad ur ok :)
wish you luck mate, you have so much support its not even funny wish you well!!!
Meatloaf from Mars!
To the 60 people who disliked this video 🖕🤠🖕
I so glad everything went well mate, you sound good, and hope you have a fully recovery x
tumour got thick'd. Glad you are doing well Thick. Love for the UK
I think I speak for everyone including cooter but we forgive you! Glad your ok man! Couldn't imagine the channel without you!
Glad you're okay Thick.
Wishing you a speedy recovery mate, keep up the good fight. Positive vibes from Ireland :)
💜
aaaaw click bait, i wanted to see that photo...
i never doubted for a minute! so glad youre doing well thick.
glad ur ok
Thank god
Thick won the biggest battle of his life! YAY! Ofcourse I know it might be not the final, but I wish for it to be! I mean, you're THICK and we are not!
#cancergotthicked
So, the Tumor got Thicc'd...but does the Tumor cancer Thicc Thicc?
Get well soon thick
That tumor got THICKED
this is just wholesome to listen to Thick marching on after surgery and the crew of Neebs gaming looking on the bright side of life *whistles*. I'll raise a tinnie (beer) in celebration of your well recovery Thick  We'll all be there with you Thick holding your hand spiritually and wishing you a fast recovery, i can tell already your going to come back swinging hard, fast and unhindered
Glad you are  okay Thick, You will get better and healthy! Neebs gaming is life. And you will be here many years to makes us laugh! Thank you for everything!
Great to hear that they go it out, really hoping it's been a successful removal and no secondary tumors. You should have been living in Canada or Australia or any developed country, you'd be in getting full treatment with minimal cost.
welcome back thick!
Love you guys. Glad you are okay, Thick.
Glad the OP went well, loads of support from avid follower ,Barnstaple UK
I'm a bit late but I hope you get better Thick!
I was drinking coffee during Dora's whale sounds - I am now wearing coffee. I'm making a fashion statement today.
Such positivity from the Maverick! Nice to know it’s all going smoothly!
Dam tumor got thicked.
Goes in to surgery guns blazing just like on the battlefield
Wishing you a speedy recovery thick !! And your my favorite in neebs gaming btw
Who the hell is disliking this?!?  #worldpeace
Happy you're doing good mate, keep ya chin up and keep moving forward.🤘
We love you Thick44, you're not nothing!
Collectively shouting at the tumor 'YOU'RE NOBODY!' Love you thick, genuinely shouted YAASSSSS when i heard your voice. Big love x
The slight irony of them catching it so early and so comprehensively is that you now have a horseshoe-shaped scar
U are a legend
This is what you get for getting Cooter killed
Hope you have a speedy recovery, rest up
Get well soon! Glad the surgery went ok.
Sincerely hope the first thing he said after waking up from the surgery was:  “I’m thick44, you’re nothing!”
Man.. That cancer better watch the hell out! The last thing it wants to catch is a case of Thick44! Godspeed buddy! ❤️  Just a few days ago I found out my dog Trip has terminal cancer and it's pretty rough, he's my best bud. Watching some Neebs crew vids and listening to the podcast always cheers me up, Trip likes to listen in too and his ears perk up every time he hears Neebs' voice. I know Neebs would say some shit like "all dogs love me" or "who wouldn't love this voice??" but I'm pretty sure it's just because he sounds like a woman, and Trip loooooves the ladies. 😉  Really though I love all you guys. Thanks so much for the entertaining content and positive vibes ❤️  Neebs, if you read this and you guys end up doing a commenting on comments or something could you please tell Trip he's the good boy? Bet he'd love to hear it from you.  Cheers Neebs Crew! 🍻
You guys are the best. Dammmn america needs to work on there health care for fucks sake.also student loans for there degrees for learning.massive scam.
It is nice that you are doing so well and we think about your other presents in the videos from neebs gaming greetings from germany
So glad they got it
Imagine if he had stayed and eaten his burrito.  It would've been to late & his tumber wouldve grown to big and it would be fatal
I watched you guys when you started playing ark and I’ve seen you guys progress so much , yous have been through hell and back and we’re still pushing through . Great recovery man !👍
Be blessed x 1,000,000!!! 😃😃😃😃😃🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇😇
So good to hear the surgery went well. Catching it early is definitely a positive thing. You can totally nail this and kick the crap out of it. You have such a positive attitude which is key. All hail the Human Man Warrior
Glad the surgery went well and hope everything continues to go well for you brother!
Dear sweet Thick. I am so happy to hear you are recovering well. My family and i have been praying for you. We wish for all of you guys to stay safe and healthy. With lots of love to you and your family's. 💋
I’m happy to hear it went well and I wish you a speedy recovery
That toomer got thicker
Bye old thicc hello new one now being thicced won’t be a thing this might change the channel dramatically
CAN'T KEEP A HUMAN MAN WARRIOR DOWN!
#ThickStrong
Thick44, Prove your dominance by eating the tumor live on twitch!
🙏🙏🙏
Can't say how relieved and happy i am to hear the op went well and you're back on on your feet! I suppose you can have a few days off if you need them... 😝😂 seriously get well soon and we're all behind you throughout the rest of your treatment and recovery. Peace and love to the 5 of you ✌
Hell yeah brother! Continue kicking it's butt! And like neebs said and was adamant about, try those crab cakes. 😬
Glad your doing better thick!  also just had a brilliant idea:  you guys should do a comedy dub of the surgery video.
Glad they caught it early and you're recovering. Lost a family member to the same earlier in the year.
Your the man Thick44
Of course he's okay! He's the wyvern king and the legends never die! ;D But seriously, I'm happy that he's getting better~
I’m glad you’re out and doing well.
The hospital salmon I had at my local hospital was actually half decent
I am glad to hear that it was found very early. I really hope that they got it all and that it doesn't come back. Sterkte.
Dude.. Thick, So damn happy everything went great and you're on a speedy recovery.
Hell yeah!  Im so glad that everything went well  You got this!   Godspeed!
Thick44 get well . Be safe
Thick!   I’m glad you’re on the mend brother!   Get well!!
Glad to hear thicks doing better brain tumor tried to take his tags and he hit that bf4 counter knife real quick
Glad your on the mend. You can’t stop the one man wreaking machine.
Wow, never seen neebs on trending before! Hey, if you need that tumor or brain MRI 3d printed give your fellow northclbcarolinian a call here.
Thank you so much,,all my love
It's hurts in side 2 laugh. But u guys r always funny. Best wishes for Arizona
Glad to hear the good news. Touching on the health care thing we have plenty of Americans avoiding hospitals because they can't afford it that alone is a problem.
Omfg I'm just so happy thick is ok. Idk how I am so lucky lol. A lot of people close to me has been almost taken by cancer, or strokes. I haven't lost any of them. Thick included. Idk if that means I'll take it on in the future or if just everything will be alright for everyone. Or I'LL be dead soon. Just glad things are ok for now. rock on thick44!!!
Praying for you Thick. My grandmother just passed away yesterday from an aggressive form of brain cancer. I'm so glad your outcome looks better. Prayers to you brother. Keep up the gaming and the positive attitude. Kick it's 4$$ like we all believe you can, and get us some more of your awesome music too.
He finally got that burrito!!!
💪😎
Feel better thick! We’re all rooting for you!
My 6 year old little girl is a big fan of Thick44 and cried when she found out what had happened so can't wait for her to get home from school so I can let her know that everything went well 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿💜
Thanks for including us all….and for the update.  So glad it all worked out so well.  You guys rock!
Stopped the video and cried when I heard thicks voice. God fucking damn it I'm happy your ok thick. you can't stop hom, HE IS A SOMEBODY!!!
Nice crani scar, hope it’s not a glioblastoma. Glad to hear you’re neurologically intact.
You got the burito! Yay Thick! Fuck cancer!  Love you
That’s amazing they got it all out, and caught it so quickly. So glad you’re doing okay man, and it all went so well. That’s incredible news! Hope you got some of those ace crab cakes and a slab of mystery meat while you were in there. Lol. Take care thick, it’s good to have you back healthy buddy.
YESSSSS!!!!! We need our Recon for 2042!!!
God bless you Thicc..you strong handsome man!! With you they can at least TRY to make "decent" content😅  Glad for surgery going well, and praying for your full recovery 👍
Glad Thick pulled through. Scary shit, guys
Hello from Bangladesh 🇧🇩 You're in our prayers, Thick!
Tell those cancer cells who you are and they can't kill you because of who you are. Now that I think about it...did the mass "get thicked?"
Go thick
sounds like simon takes this the hardest. take care thick. kill this shit! and hopefully theyll find the cure thru your cells at the pathologist
You got this thick. I was recently cured of cancer too - though I had to get a lawyer to remove my tumour... and I have to pay her child support.
and you paid what? between 50.000 and 100.000 dollars? they ripped you off.  you need surgery? a plane ticket to canada or europe is cheaper than you can imagine. and the surgery is practically free.
It's crazy to hear the prices you guys are talking about when it comes to healthcare. For me, a Norwegian, all of this would be totally free.
Simon : thinks he's funny, 'hey, what are you in the hospital for?' doesn't know what a Halo is, doesn't know what a Wafer is. You guys better check to see if there is a larger brain tumor in Simon's head.  Does he just show up for the recordings without any prep? Check his IQ, he may be in the 'Dull' category.  Welcome back Thicc44
We love you Thick! If you promise to make it through this, we'll forgive you about Cooter. I know you can do it, you're Thick44! Cancer is nobody!
Just another kill for thick44
It was nutraloaf
Heck yea brother glad to see you getting better. Congrats yay
I pray for Thick, this channel has helped me through so much through really dark times, and I just hope that he gets through this.
Speedy recovery man!
Nothing can take down the human man warrior.
Teared up watching this
Please animate the meat loaf story into a skit! 😋 It would be so funny!  Man I'm really glad your well Thick!
I can’t believe I watched battlefield friends when I was like 8 and like last year I finally got a youtube account😂 but My heart dropped when I heard this news man I hope you stay strong and you kick that shits ass
Your health update is on trending? Huh? Who? Guess Thick44 really is somebody ;)
Man my heart suck when I watched the video before this, so many laughs and thrills when life was kicking me.  Wishing you a speedy recovery
Can’t help but think of recon talking, lol.
Happy you're healthy.
Glad your recovering and surgery went well
Please get better see more of your shell stick 44
He Lives Bois!
That tumor totally got Thick'd!!!!
I had to get wrist surgery when I was younger and before they put me under I said “I want a big, juicy, steak” I didn’t even like steak at the time. Anesthesia is a crazy thing
You get that tumor back and tell it "you're NOBODY!"  Glad you sound exactly the way you did before the tumor. :-)
Wonderful to hear that you're at least good Thick. We can't afford to lose another wonderful Youtuber to cancer.
get well soon brother
Thick you glorious bastard I'm glad you're doing well you champion
Glad they were able to get through that THICK skull lol hope you have a speedy recovery.
Did you dream ? I went under for the first time in my life for something else but I didn't dream.thats not normal for me and it freaked me out when I woke up .
Get well soon thick
I had accidently set the playback speed to .75 before watching this...I was almost hysterical because I thought Thick's voice was slurred. Luckily I remembered to reset the speed just after the video started, and I was so relieved to hear him talking normally!  Also, Thick is going to go to Duke and find a cure for cancer. Oh Yeah!
Good on ya thick44.
Thick gets kills, and cancer is one of them.
Oh thank god everything went well I was worried for a second
Glad to hear everything went smoothly!  Kick that cancer's butt man!
It amazes me that this video is trending on YouTube!
HE'S THICK44!!!  YOU'RE NOBODY!!!
Just in time for me to get out of the hospital for slicing my finger off!
Thick, I'm so happy that you are well. I absolutely agree with your mental approach to all of this. Well done, MRI Man.
Thick Vs Brain Tumour - Tumour had no chance. good onya from one of your Aussie Fans, Mate. Hang in there.
Wtfffff neebs gaming I haven’t seen u guys since BF4 was popping das crazy
Praying for you.
Love you thick I'm glad everything went okay
Thick: human man warrior  Cancer: nobody
Good to hear that they got it all out. All the best for the next stage in your recovery.
Glad your getting better thikk
Bye the way you should make more podcast things
Nice scar broski
Thank god
My nanny died of cancer so my hearts out to you Thick44 your gonna be this shit guaranteed
Take That Cancer, YOU'RE NOBODY!
glad to hear your out.  we been waiting on you.
YAY Thick!... Tumor got Thick'd
no brain tumor is a match for The Wyvern King!! Best wishes from El Salvador Thick!
I'm so happy you caught it early! Such a relief they got it all!
they knew instantly when he was going to brag about getting out early soo great. heal up well Thick!!!
Glad they caught it early bud , and were able to get all of it , go Thick :)
Hearing these world class smart asses try to crack jokes and have their voice crack brings the tears. You guys are all an awesome family and it’s awesome you have such a phenomenal support system, Thick!   We’re all thrilled you pulled through surgery like a champ (as if there was any doubt) and absolutely wish you a speedy and thorough recovery. Be well
I'm crying in happiness and laughter right now.
Great to hear Thick's voice. Love and only positive thoughts from this side of the world xxxx
Its so crazy to hear thicks voice so soon. I thought we where looking at weeks before we would hear of this again. God. I'm so happy your here. Thick! I hope ya read this dude. You made this you did this you survived this. I know you know there is more then we know. Stay strong. Your great! We love ya man.
My sister had cancer in her veg area they got it all out. So I’m happy they got it all out
So happy Thick is doing well. I am beyond grateful that I am Canadian. Last year, I had a 2nd degree burn on my arm that got infected. I went to the emergency room and was on iv antibiotics within 20 minutes. Within an hour I had consultation with two specialists. I almost needed a graft. I spent the night there then I had to have daily iv's and dressing changes at home. I did not pay a dime. I now have a crazy scar on my forearm that I told my nephew was a zombie bite. The cost of medical care just to the south is... wow... As soon as I can I'll donate again, but just dished out 2k on my car. So it will be a bit delayed
Once the air hits your brain it will never be the same. That’s joke that was on good doctor.
Down with the thickness!
26 on trending bois! Good luck on everything Thick! I hope the journey turns out good.
Please tell me if you get the tumor you guys are going to frame it and call it the Thick lumpy bumpy  😂
You got this man keep your chin up
$129,928 USD raised of $44 goal is what the gofundme is at as of July 1st - 1:00 am
You guys ♡ all your voices together = happiness
I don't watch you guys as often as I used to but I am so glad that this is going as well as it has been. Keep pushing forward Thick44, I'm rooting for you! (If it comes back get in contact with Ozzy and see what substances you need to abuse for immortality!)
I'm very happy to hear you are doing well Thick, I just recently lost my brother of 37 years on the 29th and would not wish this pain onto anyone. I hope and pray that everything goes well for you, love the work you guys do and Neebs Gaming is not the same without each and everyone of you.
Good to hear the human-man-warrior is better!  Remember kids, Thick44 gets kills
Hell be fine, it was in his head. Not his sweet ass! Glad yer out Thick!
@thick.  An ex NSA friend tells me that wifi and cell phones are harmless unless you have cancer already. the microwaves cause the cancer cells to be more active, and replicate and grow faster then normal. Stay away from the skin contact to wifi devices until you beat this man.  stay away from the wifi earbuds too.  get well soon thick.
Who the hell is down voting this?
I hate that i havnt been here in so long i didnt know this was going on....
Way to go Thick you've been promoted!
Needs Gaming wouldn’t be the same with out you thick😁. Plus you have a warrior scar😎
You try those crab cakes maverick. Much loves and prayers thick
Awsome! Glad your doing great thick!!!!
Congrats thick!
You get brain cancer and are still unsure if your insurance covers it…
Wishing you the best thick!
I'm so glad everything went good and it's so damn good to hear your voice back with the rest of the gang! Will always be rooting for you all to keep making us laugh! 🥰
goldeneye2011 here I'm so glad to hear that you are ok Thick hang in there with your recovery take it easy your Somebody who we all love :)
That's Neebsgamings @ss haha. Hope all works out. You are trending on youtube now too.
Glad to hear you are doing better, good thing you got a warrior man's body, hope everything gets better
Glad your okay Thick!
Why would you possibly dislike this. Well done Thick, hope your back soon.
Chances are yous won't read this, but so glad to hear the surgery went well. Hope to see many years of great content from all of you. Stay safe and recover soon, Thick.
I had cancer
Tumor didn't know it was messing with Thick-Human-Man-Warrior.
Of fun, cancer is so much fun.        FUCK, but I'm glad that it seems like he will be fine😁😁😁
Thick’s southern accent is more apparent here than usually
love life, love family, love friends, best of prayers Thick...
I'm happy my crossout friend is doing well wish you the best and fastest recovery.
Ur a man Thick Hope you have a good recovery ❤️‍🩹
You the man thick, glad everything was ok much love brother ❤
Love ya Thick
Welcome back thick
Pity you dont live in Australia Thick, hospital costs us nothing, even surgery. If you have private health insurance thats when it does cost you some money... But next to nothing, maybe $800
I knew I was investing in this channel and the amazing people who run it, but until last week when I saw the announcement video about Thick, I didn't realise HOW invested I was in all of you. I'm soooo glad Thick made it through the surgery and I wish him all the positiveness for his recovery!! <3 <3
Glad to hear you are good to go my friend. As always best wishes Thick 44.. what a tough fucker....
💜 Man Warrior💪
John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen.
I am so happy you got that shit out of you brother!!!
Well thick congrats you just kicked a tumers ass
We love you buddy! Glad to have you back!
Simon has to sing "Don't go breaking my heart now" ...music video now ! Chop chop sandwich guy !
Well done dude
Glad to hear you're doing well brother, and glad the tumor was removed man.  My heart was with you this whole time man.  Now go thick the guys for old time's sake.
Glad to see your in great spirits stay strong Man warrior love this community
I am praying for you
Eating a burrito in Thick’s honor.
Glad you're okay Thick! 💜
The guys should to a side by side of Thick's surgery and 2 hours of that VR surgeon simulator.
My aunt was diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer and caught it early on as well. She had both of her breasts removed and was told she has less than a 2% chance of it ever coming back.  Years later, she's still going good and happy!  You'll be better than ever and I can't wait to see more of your videos in the years to come!! Congrats Thick! ❤❤❤
Glad to hear Thick is okay... Also I somehow got a Neebs Coffee ad when watching this.
@Thick44 I had a nice, thoughtful thing typed out but the app wouldn't let me send... Since trying to recreate it feels weird, I'll just say I hope that everything goes well moving forward and that any chemo/radiation therapy works perfectly and isn't too horrible to go through (it looks like the app just won't let me reply to your post)
honestly dont watch your content but have been subscribed for a long time saw the first video and was worried glad to see everything worked out
We love you Thick! Stay positive you guys its working
Don’t worry while you were having surgery none of us looked at your girlfriend lol. Glad your alright Mr.44 much love.
And thank you for talking about the healthcare crisis in this country...For-profit healthcare is insane and the insurance industry is to blame
good luck thick
Praying for you thick!
Very humbling to hear thick’s voice and glad your doing good brother!!! Welcome back home!!!
Love guys glad ur doing better
So happy to hear your voice thick. Glad your doing better and I hope you told them all they have been thicked lol.
Can't wait to see the brain surgery fully ray traced.
Thank you for sharing your life with us.  Cancer fucking sucks but Thick44 fucking Rocks
Thick im praying for you bro🙏 you kickass and a great player im glad everything went well and i hope to buy you all a beer
I'm glad you caught it when you did fairwinds and clear waters brother
Fantastic news!!!  👊😎
Wow awesome you have a healthy life. Kick the living ass of the Cancer. Love your content. From Malaysia 🇲🇾🇲🇾🇲🇾🇲🇾
get well soon Thick you can beat this Ts & Ps
i dont wanna hear the day where no one can no longer be thicked
to the 49 ( as of now ) who disliked, go hop in a well
All hail the wyvern king!
Thank god your all right don’t be afraid to ask for help from the community we’re all here for you!!! Stay strong 💪
That's great news that the surgery went well. I wish you all the best with a speedy recovery .
You guys should make a shirt.
Love you Thick. Cancer is NOBODY! Thick44!
Way to go thick I’m so glad your doing a lot better. Headlines are going to say “Human man worrier crushes a tumor and cancer”
So relieved to hear this good news. Still sending all the love and good thoughts your way man. You got this!
They got that tumor THICKED! You go get better bro!
Get well dude, rooting for you. 💪😁
I’m so glad to hear from you again thicc. It’s been on my mind ever since it was announced.
Simons on point here. Hospital and jail food is 10x better than the shit 75% or more of Americans eat every day lol. Both health wise and probably taste wise. Times, they are a changin' boys.
I hope the best for thick
Very awesome to hear Thick.  I knew you would be around for a while still.  Very great news.  And excellent mind frame and approach to this.   Still check out RSO if youre in a medical state.  It resets your immune system to be younger and beats cancers @$$.  Be well, many blessings, for many many more years.
Good to hear that even cancer can get 'Thicked'!!! So glad that your okay.
Glad to hear your out of the hospital
Good to get an update. Best of luck! Keep being a warrior man!
Have some healthy food for a month my dude!
Glad you're doing well and in high spirits.
At least the Surgery went better than my graduation
That tumor got Thicked.
While I have always wanted a "what the fuck is going on in thick's brain" video, the surgery film isn't *precisely* what I was expecting 😆
Im glad your okay, and though Im just 1 person, its prolly not an exageration to say all of us are happy your okay and doing well, hope nothing goes bad.
Damn right, baby! You are a human-man-warrior!!! That tumor is a nobody! Glad to hear the good news bud. I knew that this couldn't keep the Wyvern King down!
Thick is a warrior! And have a speedy recovery, cheers to hopefully more years after that bastard tumor
Thick is going to Duke it out!
The american health system is crap, i had a traffic accident, cant imagine paying 7k for the 4 MRIs i had to take
Start a go fund me for Thick. Im by no means wealthy, but I would donate what I can.
Thick44 RickRoll the cancer!!!
We all knew Thick is a Case Study.
Halloween - Frankenstein!!!
Thick. Im so glad hun!! Omg. Love ya so much!!!! Hugs tight. Im so happy for you and ur fam. All the best and Speedy recovery mkay!
That tumor is NOBODY!!
How would Thick44 feel if his doctor was named Simon.
It's crazy that you'd run away from an ambulance I really feel for you guys on that one. I once saw a video on YouTube where a father confronted a neighbour at his doorstep for stalking his daughter and the neighbour straight up stabbed him in the chest like it was nothing, and the dad walked off and sat down on the pavement with his family screaming about calling an ambulance and the father was pleading with them not to call them. It still breaks my heart to think about how that poor guy was more scared of the ambulance than dying and how much pleading and begging it took for him to agree to help was something I'd never thought I'd see anywhere in the world let alone the U.S. He survived, his daughter and the medics managed to convince him to agree to help and was back home the next day thankfully.  With that said though, the amount of charity and help you give each other is certainly monumental and something we could all learn from. Imagine this kind of support with a free healthcare system. Nothing would hurt ever again.   I wish your recovery all the best Thick44, although, you just had brain surgery but you sound like you've woke up from a crappy sleep. You must've of handled it well, or the surgeon was an expert and extra intent of doing a good job because I expected you to be slurring and barely able to compose a full sentence but man humans still surprise me how tough we are!   Also, I want to send my best wishes to all the Neebs crew. I don't want to assume anything but I can imagine this is your greatest fear, something you have all spent a night lying in bed worrying about at least once and I can't imagine how difficult it was for you all to rationalise so I want to send my love to you guys for handling this like bosses and not letting it affect you to the point it affect us. You guys can take a direct nuke and still reduce it's collateral damage and that is why you're on top of the world!
Who, in this vast world of bad, I ask you. Who thumbs down this video?
Super stoked to hear that Thick is healthy!
Glad you’re back home and safe brother
Warrior Boyman aka Thick44 punches cancer in the mouth
Do you think it will make you like Jimmy buffet lol just kidding good to know all is well
Thick, will you make a video of you chewing a wasp nest?
Very glad to hear your doing good thick. Cancer n tumors are no joke.
Yes sir thick is good!!!!
Frak cancer! Glad to see you up and around again Thick! <3
Will the release of footage be delayed for further development? Is this all a tease for a Dr. Charlie Brown 2022 video release?
At least Thick didn't have to lose his hair!
Glad to hear everything is going well Thick 👌
Hahaha no wafers, jokes on you, they put in shitty fig newtons probably.
But were the jet ski
Im happy Thicks back! I hope everything goes well!
glad your back and getting better thick. now you can kill twice as many cooters
Thick, it is so amazing to hear this good news and to hear it so soon. I’m so thankful you’re okay. I’m so happy for you, your family, the NG crew, and this community. You are a true warrior king, much love buddy 💪🏼❤️
Thick Roids!
It's so amazing that within a week of diagnosis, he got a surgery and completely removed the tumor. Glad you're alright man, love you guys
Good news thus far, I love it. So, can you plug a memory card in the slot where the tumor was?
STAY STRONG WYVERN KING!!!
Happy to hear your back thick. hoping for the fastest of recoveries and a positive outcome.
Couldn’t be happier to hear your doing good Thick!
Thick, I’m glad it’s going well. All of you, mean a lot to a lot people. This is the most gracious and loving community I’ve ever seen. You guys are almost family to most of the viewers. Get well and prayers for you thick.
Ya.  Now Thick44 is on steroids how much do you bench.  You staring at my girlfriend.  Raaaaaah
As a surgical tech, I'd love nothing more than the video of the surgery....
Your nobody tumor how much do you bench
Love ya buddy
"Thick" i was worried.... I don't have a great life or a nice one at all, but i was so worried about your health. I don't want to watch neebs gaming without any famous dynos dying, i don't want to see an episode where I don't hear "your nobody". Love your content, waiting for you to recover. I hope soon i will hear your voice not so tiered, and much more enthusiastic.
Dam right we're here for you brother. God bless you!!
Secretly I'm hoping that one of the doctors is a fan of the tribe y'all got and at least one point just randomly says casual as fuck..."oh shit, oh well." And just keeps cutting up your grapefruit. Welcome back. You're my favorite of all the turds.
Get well soon thick!
Man all the dislikes are going to hell smh
He'll beat cancer. It's the jeep stuff that will get him...
wow, that tumor tried to play a match of conquest in your head, it failed to realize it's playing against an S-tier recon.
Glad you didn't get Thicked <3 Love you man!
airplane curry is pretty good
So glad to hear thick is doing well. I hope he stays healthy. You guys are like family.
Much love Mr Thick.
Hope you get better soon Thick we need the King again.
Speedy recovery Thick.
Who are the pieces of shit that clicked the thumbs down on this for christ sake WTF is wrong with people? Really happy to hear your on the mend Thick.
Glad thick is doing good wishing the fastest recovery!
Holy shit man, super happy you're still here.
Congratulations on step one I wish all of you guys the best
Thick, great to hear that you came through the surgery ok and have a promising prognosis.  Still gonna keep you in my thoughts and prayers, but I feel like I can stop holding my breath for the really scary part.  And please let us know how many people send you meatloaf to make up for the "brown matter" from the hospital.
Join thicks.   "I a warrior" tribe now.  Thick 44 for president of planet earth
Great to hear everything went well!
So thick didn't get thicked
My love to you.
Thick should animate his head with the halo stapled to it and put it on a t shirt
The memory of cooter will live on!
Glad the surgery went well! I know you can beat this! Prayers and much love to you!
You're a WARRIOR, Thick44!
I am glad to hear the surgery went well and it sounds like between the maverick and duke you got it covered. Your THICK44 this cancer is a NOBODY you got this
I'm glad you're ok think god
Thank god you found it before it was too late. Hoping for the best for you man.
Wow great to hear
Hell yeah man. Glad you're well. Now that looks metal. 😂😂
Wish you, all positive blessings!!
Start smoking weed!!! Potheads dont get brain tumors!
❤
All that cost involved, jesus what a backward country you lot live in
Glad to hear it went well for you and I hope you beat this.  I have a friend who is on his 3rd surgery to remove a tumor in his brain and the consensus of experts now is there is nothing more they can do for him.  Keep the positive thoughts and keep moving forward.  Neebs Gaming episodes need Thick44 to get them into mischief and I have to admit, I really enjoy the thick44'd moments when someone has a mishap and you walk away unscathed (Sorry neebs guys, but it's funny).  Thick44, time to walk away from this one   ...unscathed.  Best wishes for a speedy and complete recovery
Don't forget your Thick44 and cancer is not
why is there not a link to the gofundme?
Good shit bro
I hope you make a full recovery Thick get well soon!
Thicks poor luscious head of hair!
Nice to see you back dude!!! Hope for a speedy recovery
I know someone said you would be donating whatever unused funds to a charity of your choice.  I'd make it a Medical Trust for Good Old Thick your gonna have medical bills for life, just for preventative care.
Glad the surgery went well Thick! Hope everything goes well going forward!
"Human Warrior Thick44" you got this man we all love you
May God give him perfect healing. ❤️✝️👍🏼
If Cancer can't keep you from getting kills, nothing can, dude!! You got this!!👍😚💗
Tumor got thick’d
Fucking great news man
Thick man we love you and we hope for the best man stay strong! We can beat this!
Glad you got through all this Tony, hope you make a full recovery and have no problems with it. We need you all healthy so you can make our days brighter.
Glad you are okay bro! Hug from Portugal
Wish ya the best man
you got this thick!!!! we believe in you!!!!!!
Got 44 problems and cancer ain’t 1 🙏🏼🤘🏼🖤 glad to hear you doing well an everything went smoothly…thick man warrior!!!
Best of luck!
U got this thick my mother n law battlin cancer now and so far shes kicked its ass since the beginning so u got this brother make cancer get thicked brotha
Are we sure that the meatloaf didn't get sent out for testing?
you are a human man warrior
LOVE AND PRAYERS THICK STAY STRONG!😃💯🤟🤘
Now for the 45 ppl who put a thumbs down on this video. You should be ashamed of yourself.  This man has had a life changing thing happen to him and u all put a thumbs down. You have a prob with this video come see me
Get better thick we all are on your side
been here since the beginning of the battlefield 4 videos started…love the content you guys have always put out. my prayers are w you thick!!!! Kick ass and get well soon!!!
Wish you the best. Glad your doing good.
Glad you're home buddy.  Glad they got it all.  Glad you got your 🌯.  We got your back brochacho
He's a human man warrior!
Happy to hear you are doin better thick! Have a speedy recovery man!
MadLuv Thick !!
@Thick44 Sure, they said you are in amazing shape, BUT HOW MUCH CAN YOU PRESS?!!! Seriously though. So much Love to you man. Coming from a family that has been kicked in the teeth by the big donkey suk1ng C more than once, I wish you the very, very best friend.  PS Chicks gonna be digging that scar so u best get ready to defend that sh1t! :-)
So happy it all went well! We love you Thick and hope the coming fight will be as fast as taking down a Wyvern with turrets xoxo
Now you look like Jason Statham from a new "crank" movie. You sexy beast.  Speedy recovery man
WE LOVE YOU THICK! So glad you are doing well. Thank God.
I'm glad your all good thick
Glad to hear you're on the mend buddy. And hey, bright side to the surgical scar. Now if you ever decide to cosplay warhammer 40k, you'll look even better for it!
cancer is NOBODY
Noice
Did Thick demand his Necco Wafers after surgery?
Glad  to hear your surgery went well! You'll be in good hands at Duke, my wife is fighting breast cancer there and everyone has been great. Some of the best cancer research is done there too
Who the f**k disliked this ?!?? Glad everything went well
Super happy to hear everything went good thick! Fuck that tumor lol
Damn
But the real question here is: Did he get another burrito?
So glad you're back and in good spirits.
Seems like Dr. Brown can't wait for Top Gun 2 ether.
Glad the doctors planned everything and Thick didn't get Thicked
So glad to hear your voice again. Welcome back man, had me and the kids worried about you.
Does thick sleep standing up now ? How does it work?
Thick, me and my dad are so happy to hear that the surgery went well and that everything seems to be going as well as it can.
Dude, they bolted you to the table Thick
I’m so happy for u thick
Ask to see an itemized bill. And honestly your bill should more than half
Thank God. This is the best news possible.  Its wonderful to hear your voice :)
Much love ❤️
That cancer was NOTHING!!!! Your Thick44!!   Glad you ok mate and all the best going forward
Jesus H man. What terrible news. I’ll be the dick that says it. Thick is 90% going to die a painful slow death.  Brain cancer is one of the worst things you can go through. I’ve seen it with my own eyes. I hope I’m wrong because I love the guy but it’s an awful prognosis.
Aggressive cancerous brain tumor: exists  Thick44: “yuuurrr nobody!! I’m Thick44!!”
Glad the surgery went so well guys! Thanks for sharing the news with us and letting us be a part of your journey to recovery! Hope it's a speedy recovery Thick!
The 44 dislikes is probably the cooks at that hospital lol.
We love you Brother....
So glad to hear the surgery went well.
Thanks so much for the update guys. Dont even know Thick personally but have been worried sick and checking youtube every morning for updates. Crazy how you seem to form bonds with people on Youtube you enjoy watching. You got this brother kick its ass.
I got a neebs coffee ad... Interesting
Lets goooooo
So glad everything went well, cheers to a speedy recovery Wyvern King!
I never thought Neebs Gaming would have me in tears, yet here I am. Stay strong man.
I believe the 'wafer' part just refers to the medications ability to dissolve
Fuck ya. I'm so happy Thick is ok. We love you you man, you human man.
your amazing thick44 keep up the fight be a mavrick
✊🏽🙏🏼😭❤️
:D
Thick 44 Wyvern King!
Thick get better and play more Ark Survival Evolved.
I picture Thick standing in his driveway,open bathrobe and drooling. While the neighbors huddle around with their cellphones.
Stay positive but not covid positive
You don't get meat loaf. Go for chicken fingers or something easy.
Yeah I'm glad your ok
So happy to see that thumbnail!!! Keep fighting Thick🤕💪
Glad you're alright buddy!
This is pretty crazy.
Good job thick! Im glad you doing good!
I am the MRI king, I am fixing one as I listen to this. Glad to hear that you are doing better.
I’m happy you didn’t get thicked congrats !
NO MORE DISLIKES! K
So glad Thick is OK <3
Yay he’s alive
Wishing you a speedy recovery.
Thank you God, that was rough and weird because I’d be at work and thinking of thick hoping everything is okay. Keep you in the thoughts thick
Cancer has been thick’d
Glad you are ok. Praying for a speedy recovery!!!
My dad had a tumor removed from his head and when I saw him after the surgery he had like four big holes circling his head (the tumor was in the top) and I asked him what the heck those holes were for and he said they had bolted a "d*mn light shade" to his head. I guess at least he wasn't stapled to the table! LOL. Thick I am wishing you all the best and sending you so many positive vibes. You can beat this cancer! <3
Sounds like USA needs universal health care.
All your fans are behind you!
Goddamnit this was funny SO happy for you
I have watched for years and never had a comment to say.... This is worth a comment. Thank God you acted as quickly as you did and it was caught so quickly! Speedy recovery and a great future!
glade thick ok keep kicking ass dude?
That’s awesome so glad to Hear everything went well 👍
Is there a link for the GoFundMe?
How to do brain surgery; With ketchup
I love that even after his brain surgery they’re still talking about the bo burnham special
I went to the hospital and I'm still receiving bills 6 months later.
Great attitude man!!! I hope to hear your stupid voice for years to come!! Love you all!
Yeah I didn’t think you were going anywhere!
You are such a fucking badass man. And so is everyone in this community.
Fuuuuuuck man. Good luck and damn. Fuck it up
I love you thick44! Your the mufkn man! Whip that cancer's ass brother!
Very happy to hear you're doing well Thick, but now i wonder, what is going to happen with Rust, ARK, and them? Will you be able to record or is it going to be set on hiatus until your head is recovered enough? Obviously, I want to see you get better but I feel like it wouldn't be the same with the wyvern king missing especially in ARK.
Fuck yeah thick!!!! Thoughts and prayers, but you will pull through and be fine bub.
Buona fortuna thick! Ben tornato e speriamo bene!!!! Alla prossima!!! Un saluta da Genova Italia!
"No tubes down your throat now though...." lol you guys are love!
im seriously happy that they got it all out of you thick :) i seriously hope and wish a full recovery and it NEVER comes back:)
Glad you’re recovering cancer free, Thick!
We all love you Thick GOD SPEED
We Love You Thick!
I can't tell you how much joy and relief just hearing ths. So glad things are gonna be okay.
Love ya THICK!
So will your aim finally improve. In all seriousness though we are so happy they got it and your doing so well dude
Experimental dome cancer treatments are how you either get alien implants or superpowers.  Or both.
Glad you're out of the hospital Thick! Now kick cancers ass!! We all love you man.
Glad you're doing better, Thick.
You can do it!  Keep on pushing threw!!
After my shoulder surgery I also had a fluffy vagina haha Good to hear you're doing great human man warrior!
I'm so happy man, prayers to you and yours and hoping for a speedy recovery. 🤙
So relieved that the surgery was successful and I hope you have a speedy recovery!
his scar is less dick shaped than I'd prefer.
Thank god it turned out alright🙌🏻🙌🏻
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. THICK THE WARRIOR KICKING THE TUMOURS ASS.   but seriously thankfully your well thick <3
I’m with you thick44.
Hay catching up on youtubes and 😱 So glad you’re doing well Thick 👍 Sending good thoughts from across the pond xx
Crush it, Human Man Warrior. So happy to hear it went well. You got this, my friend. That tumor was nothing.
Thick your an inspiration to everyone around you and those you touch on a day to day basis with the videos you make. We would figure out the cure for cancer if it ment keeping you guys with us. We love you all. Stay safe and keep doing what you do. The community is here if you need us.
Good to hear.  But...you got a Burrito?  Geez.  Kidney/Pamcreas Transplant for me-I had to eat that shitty ""Jello-ish " mess for a week before they 'Allowed' me to try solids food.  Had my Dad bring me a Whataburger.
Glad it worked out thick the man beast warrior
1st I'm glad you are doing good Thick44, 2nd of you see this comment I want to know the story behind "Neebs Gaming" why was it called that and not appsro gaming, or Simon gaming, or thick44 gaming or doraleous gaming. Enlighten me please!?
💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜🤘 You sound great. We love ya Thick.
Sounds like that doctor is trying to get everyone to call him goose 😂
Go Thick!!  Live on brother!
Love you Thick. Positive thoughts for you
my mom just got hers removed , they had to go in three times but its over now , best wishes on your recovery .
It's gonna be a long, tough road ahead, but nothing the Human Man Warrior can't handle. Your community is behind you 100%. I honestly didn't expect a video with you in it so quickly, and I'm so happy to hear you are back to your usual self. You got this, Thick!
Glad to hear your doing well thick
Dudes, I found your channel back in like season 2 of bffs. I've watched ever since, glad to hear all went well for the most part. Congratulations Thick, hope the recovery goes just as well.
Probably would have cost you $20,000 on your bill for a burrito from hospital 😂
thick my man, wish you the best for you just remember your a human man warrior you got this lol
The docs didn’t have heart to tell you. That was the staple they missed after removing the Hugh Jackman magazine picture mask.
Wishing you a speedy recovery man!
Glade you feel better thick rest up and hugs 🤗
Yess buddy. Happy to hear you had the dream team, including a few Mavericks, responsible for that head of yours. Let me know when the staple necklace is up in the store. 😉😆 Need to help pay for the bs fees. Move to Canada,  cost you a few limbs, just not off hand...
Quite the elaborate burrito plan expensive too
That would be such a crazy thing. Waking up from surgery or a coma and just hearing "are you ready to play again?"
Fun Fact All Employees of Neebs Gaming & Their Fans Have Brain Tumors. Well Except For Thick44 😜
Just wanna say it's great to hear thick's voice, waiting for more awesome vids man! Glad to hear you're doing good.
I love thick man even the videos where they kinda make you the "bad guy" you still entertain as an awesome "villain". Keep it up man you are a champion!
Appsor's humor slays me. The experimental treatment will be a microwave hanging from a rope 😂  Thick44, Human Man Warrior, Queen of the Wyvern People, Killer of Cooter... Still not letting that go. All the best to you through your recovery. And I'll repeat what Dora said; Thank God you got it checked out when you did.
Fuck Cancer Thick! Fuck it up! You'll be fine... you already took the surgery like a boss!
Effin awesome you keeping up your sense of humor. Stay strong brotha!! 💪💪💪💪💪💪
Surprised they made it through that thick ass skull...🤔
So I just came across a video on hank and Jed that you guys did back on Oct 17 2012 .  You guys did a mtv cribs parody in mincraft where you showcased Doralious castle as the characters from D&O. I know you quit mincraft. But with the popularity of D&O and the mincraft series in the community. I think everyone would love some mincraft episodes or a short series in mincraft with you guys in character. New D&O stories and what not. What do you guys think ?
Looks like the medic healed him.  They always skip me.
Thick44 your Cleveland fans are cheering for you. The Cavs came back to win the championship just saying.  Actually my wife is from Cleveland but I am just a Hillbilly from southern Ohio. So the whole fucking state is pulling for you.
Meat loaf from a hospital?? You know that's just the costumers that don't pay, right?
So glad to here the surgery was successful. You can definitely bet this....
"they are probably gonna charge it for me too. hahhhahhahhhhh...." really hope it isnt gonna financially cripple you...
GLAD YOU'RE OKAY.
We love you, Thick! Whatever happens, this community has your back, all across the world. I am so glad the surgery went well! <3
Hospital crab cakes are designed to keep you in hospital, its a money making scheme.
get well soon thick .and get rekt tumor
I spit out my Beer when Dora said "diiicckk"
If Thick's insurance covers his bills, can I have my $3.2 million back? I'm "anonymous.". Some of it I am still donating.
Tony, 5 days to recover. "I'm Thick44! Wyvern King, you're nobody... I'm out!" My funcking hero
Wow that was super quick. Hope get feeling yourself asap.
The next dino in Arc needs to be called "Burrito"
Glad you 're getting better Thick.  Stay strong
I'm so glad he is ok
Speed recovery brother, love from Malaysia
Im from the UK so i am very lucky to have NHS and free healthcare. I hope you have a speedy recovery thick!
When the cancer grew big enough to realize whose body it's in, that's when it knew... it fucked up!
Who are the shit bags who down this video??  Wtf??
Glad you are safe. I hope that when thick and Dora watch the stand up special snuggling with each other, one of them go for a gay chicken kiss. Just to see how quickly the other one reacts lol.
THHHHHIIIICCCCKKKKKKS READY TO PLAY AGAIN!!!!! ME SO HAPPY!
It was great to hear Thick talking and laughing, and was super glad that his surgery went well and was successful. It is rather surprising to me tho at the cost factor for going to the ER. $7k, what the hell, not wanting to rub it in but at the start of June I had a brain stroke and was taken to the ER and when I got the bill it was $1265au ($948.50US) and the 6 days in hospital came at no cost. I can't fathom or gauge why it is so expensive for you guys in the US as opposed to us here in Australia.
Great news thick!!
Good to heard your voice Thick and glad it all went so well. Keep being you, you got this!
We love you thick
Im so glad🙌❤
You guys are an important part of my childhood. I’ve been a fan for going on 7 years. I’m 17, and have mostly moved on from gaming but I always check back with you guys. I hope things turn out well for thick
155k views and 20k likes. 0 dislikes. This is an awesome group.
Glad to hear things are looking better for you Thick, but I do have to say it does look like you got kicked in the head by a miniature horse.
Nothing but love for you brother
I hope thick’s doing better now!! Hope the recovery is good
Thick, eat a ketogenic diet it's proven to be therapeutic especially in the brain cancer area. Please look up Logan Sneed on youtube he had glioblastoma and has been in remission for years eating keto.
Get better Thick, not just for you and for your family and your friends but for all of us too we need you to stick around so that you and the rest of neebs gaming crew can continue doing what you guys do which is make our days a little brighter with all of your shenanigans.  thanks for mentioning that there was a gofundme i went there and i made a donation take care.
Good to hear your voice on the channel thick.
Hope you get better and nothing like that ever happen again.
Well as a University of Kentucky fan I have to to say.... Duke! You better not drop the ball on this one!  Keep kicking ass brother.
I'm glad your ok..thick..and that the doctor didn't thick you up..lol..JP..on a lighter note..glad you caught it early man..I love y'all hope your having a speedy recovery..love y'all show..and what y'all do.. always making me laugh with y'all antics..God bless you..and the rest of your tribe..
I know im just a voice lost in the swamp but great to have ya back thick. now man up and Finnish this thing off.
Hell yeah Thick, stay positive brother!
Glad to hear that your okay and doing well!
Glad to hear your doing well. Congrats on the successfull surgery!! Positive thoughts👍👍
I'm not a soft guy...but it's genuinely heart warming to hear all you guys talking and joking about this. I'm a big believer in positive mental attitude and you guys have it. Life is finite and is meant to be enjoyed. You all collectively bring a lot of joy to people. If ever I was in Thicks situation, I hope my friends would be like you. All the best Thick.
Lol, why did they gave him a mugshot? 😂
Just get Thick a Wyvern. He'll be fine.
That tumor got Thick'd
PROMOTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED !!!
I’m jelly of that scar. Mine looks like shit from my craniotomy. Keep fucken it up thick. Wait……you said it first I’m sticking with it.
Wishing ya the best man!
That cancerous tumor was NOBODY!!!!
If you want the scar to heal quickly aloe Vera is great for scar healing
Did you let the tumor know that you were Thick44 and it was NOTHING!!! ?
Thick, you the man. Heal up well bud.
Heuvo rancheros is a decent meal
Your the man thick take care!!!
This is such a relief that you caught it when you did... Still hoping the best for you Thick44! :D
Thank you for the update, was about to send an email asking for updates.
Thick has retrieved his lost burrito 🌯
You have such a lovely and positive attitude, despite the rough circumstances. I am so happy to hear the surgery went well <3
Love how u made it through love all your videos hope all goes well
Ok I’m gonna be girly for a moment......  Some know my last few years Havnt been that much fun and a endless fight....  But seeing folks like Tony (Thick) get told a bombshell and “Ran head on, and kicked it’s ASS.....*screaming* IM THICK44 bitch”  Seeing stuff like this helps all of us who are fighting   get a great nitrous boost into our fighting tank  Tony (THICK44) from the bottom of my heart Thank you for being A HUMAN MAN WARRIOR
I'm glad they got it all out, and I hope it's all smooth sailing from here.
stay strong bubba cant wait to see ya back playing with the boys
Can neebs gaming put the inevitable world domination on hold just for a little bit so Thick can get better.  Glad Op went well and hope u a speedy recovery
I love the "fuck you tumour" hilarity. Best wishes to Thick and his loved ones for a speedy recovery.
I dont often comment on videos, and have a handful of times to u guys, but i just had to send my best wishes and the most positive vibes that i can to u guys, especially thick and his family...i applaud ur ability to stay above the water and try to bright side things as much as u can, and that is what makes u the real human man warrior thick....uve earned that title and i dont want to hear anyone say otherwise
When you get your bill, make sure to call and ask for them to re-do it, but you want an itemized bill instead. That should dramatically decrease your charges
Kick some ass sea bass!!! You got it thick!!!!
Congrats good luck with recovery ,and good luck with the results on the tumor they removed . Fingers crossed for your total and complete return to health ,just remember your Thick 44 the wyvern king .
Glad to know you’re gonna be alright thick. Neebs gaming wouldn’t be the same without the wyvern king
Glad to hear of your recovery ❤️👏🏻
So happy to hear you’re well. You all mean so much to so many! Keep on playing bud!
check to see if hospital has charity care. my father had a heartattck even with insurance it was more than he had. it helped greatly.
That tumor got thick’d
I imagine thick yelling at the tumor. "I'M THICK44 YOU'RE NOBODY!!!"
Thick is a warrior. Nothing is gonna take him down. Not even his own body!
It's funny how you guys are understanding thick so well, I'm really struggling to get threw all the mumbling.
Thick44 you sound like your doing awesome glad you made it through this. Stay strong.
I’m so so happy for you Thick. My heart sunk when I heard the news but super happy your on the mend 👍🏻👍🏻
Awesome to hear you're pulling thru, and keeping the positive vibes ! It would be so funny to hear Simon commentate over the surgery video...
happy to hear you are well! thanks for all the videos excited to see more @thick
Great to hear you're better man, now we can focus on how fucked up the American Healthcare system is for a bit lol
anyone else think of the hills from Mario when looking at this thumbnail? Love ya, glad surgery when well and that you are well supported.
Thanks for up data  God bless you
Love thicks optimism,most people would be terrified of the unknown but thick just laughs......just as a human man warrior should
Plot Twist: Neebs is the Maverick Doctor
Good for you Thick!!!
So glad everything went good & doing well!! Keep it going 🙂 positive vibes to u!!
LONG LIVE THE WYVERN KING! My son and I are are so happy that you're doing well and we'll be hoping for your complete recovery.  Thanks for all the entertaining content and I hope we see much more in the years to come. Appsro and Neebs need to "Thickd'" many more times in the years to come. Love you Brother
Even in post-op Thick can't wait to get back to playing Video games and getting kills. Well, now Thick has a kill against a tumor and will win this thing. Does this count as the tumor getting Thick'd? Thick and the tumor went into battle in the OR, and only Thick came out alive and well.  Glad to hear you are doing good Thick!
Man prayers glad ur feeling better love u guys so much
America. Where people run away from the ambulance
I'm glad the surgery went well and your ok. Thats one hell of a battle scar
We got your back thick44, we are all happy that your doing well. Stay positive man. You got this.
Long Live Thick44!
Way to go thick. Glad to hear your home. Wishing you a speedy recovery
Awesome you're still gonna be gracing us with your presents on planet Earth.  Also anyone told you, you look like Scott Adkins
<3
So glad you're doing ok. Hope you have a quick recovery
Thank god in Australia we have public hospital where don’t we have to pay  and in my state Queensland we don’t pay for ambulance services
auction off your  Staples for cancer charity
To the strongest man warrior around!! Glad the surgery when well hope you have a speedy recovery and get back to getting kills in no time!
I cried.
God bless ya Tony 🙏
Wishing you all the best Thick, from Warwick UK.
I hope for a speedy recovery. I work with radiation oncology in Colorado. Good luck man!
By far the best video you guys have ever made. So glad you are ok Thick 🤩
You guys should do a video of skydiving IRL I work kinda locally at skydive georgia and love your videos and would love to see which of you would and how you handle it in a video.  Just know the offer is open and I'll make sure you get the best in the industry. I'm a packer here and will handle the pack jobs, just ask for Elizabeth on shaggys behalf.
I can't imagine recovering from brain surgery and while I'm at it getting food poisoning from hospital crab cakes, stay away from the crab cakes Thick!  Glad to hear it went well 🤙
So cancer and tumor is from radiation (phone, pc, airplane, etc ). stay safe and get well soon thick. Love ya
Glad that Thick is safe and sound. 🙏  God bless and stay safe. 👊🇵🇭❤️
YOURE NOBODY!!!!!!! hahaha
Oh no, so it's true! Simon's got a bigger brain than Thick now 😱    Glad to see you pulled through champ. Hopefully this will be the last time you'll have to deal with it.
Glad everything turned out ok...Much Love!!!!!!
Thick44, I've given you some shit in the comments about cooter but man it was all in fun. I'm really happy you are on the path to getting better. You are gonna kick its ass.
Glad to see your better :)
Keep on keeping on Thicc!
Love you thick
Glad everything is going well, hoping for continuing good luck
LONG LIVE THICK 44!!!!! HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!!!!!
That incision is exactly the size I was expecting. About the size of a thumbnail. Love ya, Thick! 😂
Wish you the best bud! Stay blessed thick
I'm here Mario I'm waiting for you meet me in the reply
Best wishes Thicc
Wooooow! Thick you kicked ass man. You r the BEST!
Hospitals save lives but could also be the cause of your death when they send you a bill and you don’t have a health insurance. I can’t believe how the government let hospitals charge insane amount of money 💰 for treatment.  Anyways, I’m glad you made it out of it fine. Don’t give up hope and stay positive!!
Thicked -  Verb.  Past Tense.  - Getting an aggressive, brain-eating cancer, but then kicking it straight in the balls. - "I was trying to play golf, but I sucked at it because I had cancer, but I kept my sense of humor and Thicked it like a human man-warrior."
Congratulations Thick! Wishing you all the best moving forward!
Hell yeah stay safe brother and keep kicking ass man.
I knew you where gonna be all right. Now for the fast recovery. Love ya Thick
Happy to hear you got that burrito good sir! We'll keep you in our prayers and know your going to pass this obstacle like a silent fart. The entire Neebs gaming community supports you no doubt.  "Thick44, I get kills!"
Put the staples into a resin mould and add it to a necklace 😂 and we can win it , lmao.
Thicks coming back!!! YEY!!!!!!
So good to hear from our favorite human man warrior!
I knew he would pull through. Get yourself a burrito pal, you earned it.
Who the hell dislikes a video about someone doing well after brain surgery. Some peoples kids..
Cancer is a bastard I'm sending you good vibes and I pray for a speedy recovery all the love man
Badass and great to hear Thick! Great to have you back bro. Stay healthy sir.
So glad to hear you got through your surgery so well.  Sending you more positive vibes for the road ahead!
Just finished watching some general world-news... .. This IMMEDIATELY pulled me out of my annoying funk and tossed me straight up into the clouds! :D I am literally smiling right now. :) SOOOOO HAPPY TO HEAR THE GOOD (ish?) NEWS!!! 😘 .. PS: Not to sound creepy or anything...but we have GOT to meet Neebs' Sister! She sounds just as...uh... "interesting"...as Neebs is. Who's with me? :)
Go for it m8 it will not be easy but carry on and smile
Glad to here you’re doing better
Beat of luck Thick. May you recover very very soon 👍
Now that you're ok I feel safe saying this. This is cooters revenge.
glad youre up and walking thick, we love you man
all my prayers to you Thick!
I am glad to hear things are going well Thick!!! I will continue to keep you in my thoughts, the community loves you.
Glad you are good. Was really scared thick44 was going get Thicked. Love ya guys.
We're glad you're OK Thick! We love you
This makes all the 7 days to die crazy sniper videos that more surreal
Glad your ok hope for a speedy recovery ❤️‍🩹
Great news and great things to come💞💞
THE HUMAN MAN WARRIOR RETURNS welcome back thick, it really made my night to hear it went well for you.  heres to a fast recovery!
Why would someone dislike this
Let’s kick some cancer ass!  Go Thick!
I was literally waiting and checking MULTIPLE TIMES PER DAY for this video, looking at all the others released since the first health update like..the FUCK Adahop, I could care less about all those new videos, I need to hear how Thick's doing dammit! 😐  Literally the only time in this journey I couldn't watch one of your videos, I tried with some old Conan and just kept worrying, had to stop.  I'm going to say this man, it's fucking surreal to care this much about someone you've never met and never even chatted to by voice. You're an absolute legend and a huge part of my life, you guys are literally my outright favourite entertainment in the world. Apart from fucking, and jacking it. But you've actually overtaken South Park at this stage.  I wish I could line up and clap and cheer for the good news, I don't even live in the US and there's some kind of cold or flu thing going around that's stopping people travelling..anyway this might sound cheese as hell, but if it means anything, picture all your fans including me, outside the hospital as you head home, cheering, clapping and overwhelmed with joy that you're on the right road and the tumour was removed. Genuinely so happy to watch this video just now. Not surprised mind you, we're talking Thick44, you're Thick44 dammit, Thick44 will ride again!
Great to here that your ok. I hope you recover and my prayers are with you. 🙏🏾👍🏾❤
Glad you are okay Maverick 44. 👍
no tubes... just a D**k...lmao... you guys !
Best wishes from across the pond in ye olde England.
🙌
so good to hear your voice again thick
Lmao he finally got his burrito! Love you guys best wishes Thick!!!!
so at this point what's Simon going to say around Thick when he cant figure out the controls
So good to hear everything went well, glad you're back Thick
Hope everything continues to go well!!! God bless!!
Cancer just got THICKED!
Man I cant get past the US health costs. I pay 20€ to visit an ER in my country and the 20€ is just so that people don't abuse the service. Is our health system perfect? Nop. But I am pretty sure my mother would be dead or homeless by now if she lived in the US.
Thank you for the update, Godspeed.
Glad to here you’re doing alright man good to hear from ya.☺️👍
It’s so nice to hear you’re doing well Thick! This channel would not be the same without you
Hope you get well soon
Thick....reduce your acid intake....watch your ph levels
Glad it went well, Thick. Great to hear you're up and about, love you man. Kisses xxx  P.S I forgive you for Cooter!
What are the chances his unhealthy wyvern obsession is just gone after this. Also I feel like we can finally forgive him for cooter... Unless this was just a long con because that's exactly What he wants us to do...
hey bud super glad it went well for you keep on top of everything including diet to stay on top of the remission
I’m nailed to the table wtf 🤬. hay dock  how about ya let me go. Thick when you get that lazy river let me know I could use a little break and I’m sure you could go for a beer. I’m glad your good buddy. And I’ll be happier in 5 years when it’s all gone and over with.
glad you made it out ok! you got this bud! we're all behind you
you got this maveric
Glad your op was successful. Sorry it was cancerous:( You in my prayers bud!. Cancer your nobody!
Welcome back Thick
What type of cancer? I'll donate to a charity made for it.
Even if I was a poet I couldn't describe how much you guys mean to me. I discovered you around the 250,000 sub mark just when I lost my home. Since then I have been through hell and the one positive constant has been neebs gaming. You all have helped me soo much, and may even have been the difference between life and death. I love you so much Thick, you guys are my world.  Now get better or else.  Haha ;)
Dont be so hard on yourself about your "brain quirks" post tumor and brain surgery. Is a "closed head injury" I had a frontal and temporal lobe head injury. Its normal. it looked like tour temporal lobe with partial lobe involvement. You can recover. OT and Speech therapy. if you dont want to go through thats puzzles and numbers help exercise your healing and stretch neurons. You got this wasp man!!!
Wishing you all the best thick, to the WYVERN KING Hoooraaa!!!
Yay he survived
Dude why did they stable your head! they use skin glue for mine!
I'm so glad everything went well Thick! Also I didn't know Neebs had a sister until I saw this and now I'm picturing Neebs with a wig. It's as weird as it sounds.
Dear Thick. There is nothing I can say to make your way easier that's for you to walk but you got a sh/T tone of people that will support you. And you will do it not just for you but for all who stand behind. GODS SPEEP MAN love from Germany
so good to hear thick again, so so happy it went ok, love you guys, cant wait for the videos yet to come :))
Love that thick is getting reintroduced to dick jokes. I love you Thick, and you, can love, this....
long time watcher, first time commentor, I am very happy you are home already! Keep fighting, stand strong, You Are Not Alone. You are awesome.
The wife, kid and I knew you could defy the threat of extinction Thick44 good job and we will be praying for your continued health.
We are all here for you thick!! I'm not going to lie, I balled my eyes out like a baby hearing the news. I am so very glad you are okay. You've gotta get well soon so after we all kick COVIDs ass we can do another meet-up so I can finally fly from Australia to meet you all!!!
Your awsome thick
Wooo!!! Lets goo thick!!!
The worst part about what a hospital charges is they charged that much and still pays there employees shot. Where they hell dose all that money go
I watched Glock 9 and he is how I new and he told me about the go fund me thing
Get well soon!
So good to hear things went well in the hospital Thick. Much love from Canada! My  room mate and I are huge fans of Neebs Gaming and it would never be the same without Thick 44.
Not even Cancer can take on the warrior Thick44!
Thick to the Dr; "Im Thick44, you're nobodyyy.......snooze".  The Dr; "lets get to work". Glad you're doin ok Thick.
Glad your surgery went well... sounds like you're on a good path with a good team on your side. My pops is going through chemo for stage 4 cancer and he is doing well thanks to modern medicine so I have nothing but optimism for you especially considering that they say they caught it early and got it all of the tumor out. Can't wait to hear more about your progress!
I’m with Dora it’s good to hear your voice again thick Side not: scars build character don’t sweat it
I’m glad thick is ok and getting better.
I still would have taken the extra 5, maybe ten, minutes to eat that first burrito. I know you're not done, but it's so great that you are doing well. I'm curious, the doctors took out a tumor, what did they use to fill in the empty space left behind?
Glad all went well. I've been watching y'all for years. Thick, I wish you a speedy recovery 🙏. I have a knot on n the top of my head that I have had for 20+ yrs, and haven't had any probs, but I think with your video and the shit been happening with you, I will go get it checked out. Glad you're well. Keep up the great videos guy's.
like some petty brain tumor was gonna stop thick 44 the wyvern slayer
For once, getting Thick'd was a good thing.
@Thick44 #Thick44KicksCancersAss . Dude get well soon if ya need a get away the Redwoods in Mendocino county California is calling
I'm glad your okay man :)
Thank God! We are so glad you came through! Screw cancer! Kick its ass! Thic the cancer brother! YAY YAY YAY
I'm just now getting this update, dammit youtube do better
My father got diagnoized prostate cancer about 5 weeks ago. They got it early and it is treatapel...Just got first sessions couple days ago. So... I kind of know what you are going through. My thoughts are with you. Waiting to see you kick ass on next video/stream🙏🙏🍻🍻
So glad he’s alright, you guys were practically my childhood.
We need a shirt with "I'm The Maverick!!" on it lol.  You got this brother. Kick dat Tumas ass!!!
What would the world be like without Thick44? glad your on the mend dude! ~<3
Amazing news! Happy to hear it! I'll still keep you in prayers
Awsome glad you'll be okay buddy
I'd love if the removal of the tumor made thick good with directions and sprout taller then neebs lol
Thicc's surgery went well, my sister's out of ICU. Glad things are looking up this week. Praying for you you warrior man!
Great news.  Much love, just wow
We all fuckin love you dude.
Thick use a lotion of aloe Vera in it to help with the hairs follicles around the scars everyday. You do not want any issues with that lol trust me. There’s a couple of good men’s beard lotions/oils that you can use on your head (I do lol) that’ll help with that and healing too. Stay strong bro and remember YOU’RE THICK44!! Lol
LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!
great to hear your voice thick, im glad the surgery went well and i hope for a speedy recovery
The hard part is fully removing a tumor. Treatment won't be too bad bud....you got this!!! Kick more abnormal cell ass Thick!!! 💜🧡  I've had family members in similar situations & they were in their late 50s & 60s & came out cancer free. A wyvern warrior won't have any problems!!!
So does this make Thick the brains of the group now?
Please ask for an itemized hospital bill - It'll be a lot cheaper than if you didn't <3. Glad you're doing alright so far.
You got this man! My head was opened last year for a brain tumor and only 65%-75% was removed so I still have a little left. I also have experimental treatment on my head as well its called optune (basically magnets on my head) prayers for you though man always stay positive!!!
38 negative nancys hit thuimbs down on this wtf
Love you Thick and the rest of you, all the best!
Great to hear your voice man. Rest up and finish this thing strong
Congratulations sweetheart! Now look after yourself!! And if anything else shows up get back to the Doc!!
❤❤❤❤
Goodluck THICK, be safe and well mate. Bob. Australia.
So happy everything went well and you are recovery quickly! We shouldn't be surprised because you are thick :D. I hope you continue to have good luck with all of this I am rooting for you. <3
You got all our support thick
My sister just had a tumor removed from her skull as well. Fortunately for her, hers was not cancerous. My heart goes out to you Thick
You got this licked, Thick! If a doctor tells you that you're in great shape, and that you're a good candidate for testing new things with, then you're pretty much immortal. 'm certain that the whole aftermath of this will go as smoothly as it has gone so far. You got this, man, you got this 😉
Watching you guys since BFF's. You are My favorite series which newer ends, only scenery change. Glad to hear good news, stay positive and all best from Poland !
i’m glad for you not thicking yourself
So glad it went well. ❤️❤️
glad you are better
I had a feeling that would be all right cuz he's thick 44 human man warrior
LoL..."it's really hard to f' up meatloaf, but they did it to a 'T'"  Obviously you've never had my first 20 iterations of meat loaf.
Fuck yeah!
The hospital food is intended to be terrible to get patients motivated to get out of there fast and eat good! ;-) Great to hear that you made it through and got it done!
thick conquerer of tumors shirt? maybe?....too early?...
When I heard Thick had a mass/ tumor, I was like Noo a Neebs gaming with no Thick just wouldn't be the same. Then in my head I heard Thick in typical Thick fashion say, "screw you tumor, your nothing, nothing. Do you know who I am I'm Thick44!" And I was like yeah, he's gonna be fine lol.
Let's not forget the important lesson we learned from this whole ordeal. Thick needs a jetski... never forget.
Persevere Thick!  Try the hospital food, too.  As a hospital stay veteran over the decades, it has improved immensely.  Even I would try the crab cakes.  ;-)
I’m impressed and inspired by how you’ve handled this and come through it. Thanks Tony. Take it easy though! One. Step. At. A. Time.   CBD, Astragalus, Resveratrol... check ‘em out. Also EMF radiation = bad use, headphones or hands free where u can, no 5G mm waves. You do you though, sure you’re getting plenty of do this, try that, it just shows people care.
Anyone else remember when Thick drew “Tumor” for one of the Pictionary videos
$7000 just for the ER visit!?  WTF!!!
What shitty souls disliked this? Fucking terrible
Glad your doing better
I’m so glad you are doing better Thick!  Healing vibes sent to you!
To those who disliked, you have no heart.
My first assumption was just drooling in a wheel chair and the boys have to wheel him around. He just groans and grunts "your no body!!" But no one can understand him.  So yeah this video shows his much better haha
He's Thick44! You're nothing!
WE LOVE YOU THICK
Yay long live the wvyen king
I knew this was nothing, because your a man warrior Thick. All kidding aside glad that you are doing good and everything went so well. Prayers for you, family, and friends can't wait till your back playing again. 👍🍻💜
And You mean everything to Us thick ❤️
Thank God I hope all gets better
Good to know things are going well
I'm so fucking happy that everything went well because believe me, I've been thinking about this so much and hoping it was gonna be OK.
Glad everything went well thick
Thick my dude...you are the man!!!
Chuck Norris had cancer. He had to ask Thick44 to kick it's ass.
Glad to hear Thick44, my kidney comes out due to that big C on the 10th. I hope I can be as positive post surgery as you.
Im so happy ur OK!!
Yes this is great news!  We need a community event to celebrate Thick's victory!
Ojalá y te mejores pronto hermano … toda la buena vibra de mexico para ti….
I really wonder if during the surgery he yelled "I'm Thick44!"
Hey thick I'm glad it went good for u. I will pray for a speedy recovery. May u live long. N have a great life. Love u n neebs gaming
There this pill my mom taking after chemo I bet it's same pill they say it's working so I have high hopes..
Fucker still killed cooter!
Omg so glad to hear you're alright and making jokes again! I went through something similar when I was 18 and it's fucking scary. Wish you all the best!
I'm happy for you guys, you have been one of my favorite group of people to watch. Thick, I'm so happy that you are doing well. I was hoping and praying  and thinking about you guys. I was heavily invested because (and sorry for moving away to me) I lost my best friend to brain cancer from a tumor back this past December, we had been working through since late last April on it and he did not make it. I knew him since we were 8 in 2003, was there for a lot of each others lives, there as a groomsman and there to carry him as we buried him. Back to you all, I'm happy and good job on not eating crab cakes from a hospital, those things are lethal weapons. Anyway, congrats you all and have fun.
I expected nothing less from the human man warrior, kicking names and taking ass.
I can't imagine going through something so scary! I hope you have a speedy recovery my dude. You got this! THICK 44!!!! ❤❤
THICK THE HUMAN WARRIOR!!!
Im sure im not the only one who would like to donate towards any hospital exspenses I know americans can amass exspensive hospital bills and least I can do for the years of entertainment !
Glad it was on the side of the brain that Thick44 didn't use. 😉
Hopefully that cancer got "Thicked"
We love you thick, making a neebs thick44 shrine  your my hero
If you get a chance, one of you read “the anti cancer diet”. Life changing....
It is a Toomah!  Glad you are recovering!  Keep you sense of humor!
Getting emotional does not make you less of a man! In fact, it might even make you more manly to not be afraid to show it. Don't be afraid to show your fans your vulnerable side, if it happens. We won't think any less of you! You are already going through way more than (hopefully) most of us will ever go through. We will be with you all the way! You can do it!!!
Happy to hear you back hope you are doing well. Keep up the updates.
Fuck that tumor the Wyvern king will not be dispatched so easily. Glad your out of the hospital and doin better
You guys are such jerks lol :) and Thick44 you did handle it like a champ, you should be proud!  Glad the docs caught it early and you're doing good.  What would the group do w/o your leeeeroy antics haha.
so glad that everything went well for you thick.
doctor looks at thick and says "You're thick44 and this cancer is NOBODY"
Went through chemo 8 times in 7 years. Sat in an infusion lounge chair for 12 hours a day. Your content got me through it. At 46 years old, I have BFF and D and Assoc memorized. Thank you for giving me something to do. I'll be praying for you.
Kick ass Thick!
Just like Dora said it's good to hear your voice. This channel would never be the same without you. God bless!
I knew it! I fucking knew you'd beat that tumour! Fuck yeah! How much you bench!? You lookin' at my girlfriend!?
Having worked in the med field.. Have them send an itemized list for each visit, especially the ER visit, you'd be amazed what you are charged for. Also apply for assistance at the HR center, it really does help lower the cost.  Check each bill and make sure your insurance was applied, i had 3 visits to radiology(at the hospital i'd worked) and when i checked the bills only 1 visit billed the insurance, even tho i'd given my insurance all 3 times. had to call and get them to apply the insurance to the other 2 visits.  Good luck! and hopefully the pathology reports give you some good news!
Glad your ok and speedy recovery! Don’t be going anywhere, you’re my favorite ( don’t tell the other guys) Also looking forward to more songs being covered on your channel. The Alice In Chains and Arctic Monkey covers were amazing
You are the best thick
Glad it went well hope you have a speedy quick recovery
HA!! Cancer just got THICKED!!
love you bud. all the best.
Speedy recovery, Thick!
Thick, mother of dragons. Queen of Purple Hair. Master of brain tumors.
As expected, the human man warrior grabbed this tumor by the haunches and humped it into submission.  Wyvern King!
hope you get well soon Thick, best wishes
If you have to have chemo, fast for 48 hours first. It causes your body to throw protection over your cells, on well the cellular level. Thus protecting the healthy cells from the cemo. Food fast not water.
I don't know if you guys knew this but Thick's gofundme is on the front page of the website.
Damn that tumor got Thick'd. Im really glad your doing well and know youll continue to kick this things ass. I want to see an animation of thick yelling at a sentient tumor that its NOBODY!!!
Each and everyone of you guys piss me off watching gameplay, but that what makes me come back. Just so glad the news is positive for Thick44.  God bless to all of you, especially Dora for representing MN.  Instead of Vegas come up to Minnesota.  Sayn my prayers and wishing the best for you Thick44!!!
i love thicksk 44
You're in my thoughts and prayers. So glad they got it all!
This is the best thing I could of heard on my birthday! Glad to know thick went into the surgery a badass and came out a badass
Prayers continuing for you Thick youre a legend in our hearts and we all know youll overcome this🙌🏼
ill pray bro thanks foe being u
Kia Kaha Thick from a fan from New Zealand
im so glad hes okay and i hope whatever treatment he gets works
cut all refined sugar from diet, get your body ph alkaline and watch your diet. We have helped many people recover from cancer. Also edible cannabis oil  meds high in THC and cbd can help. 1love
Great news thick glad you're OK 👌
Ya hoo
Thick: "Simon, I need you to call the hospital and negotiate the cost down a bit."   Simon: "Sure, I can do that." Thick: "And tell them I want the tumor back so I can tell it something... I'M THICK44!"
Reminds me of a old jeff foxworthy joke (all right now what we gon do is... Sawww the top of your head off....root around in there wit a stick see if we cant find that dat bern clot"
All the bad stuff I said about you when you killed cooter I take back I'm sorry I apologize I take it all back
Glad it went well man!
Glad everything went well.
I'm so glad you're alright Thick, you're a pillar of Neebs Gaming. Love you all, get well and fuck cancer.
I love how serious this is, and they still only brought 2 brain cells to the conversation. GOT SIDE TRACKED ABOUT FOOD, and the quality of it and 1-10 rated it
That tumor was NOBODY!
Good to hear you’re on the mend, Thick
Glad you're okay Thick!
Thick'd that cancer in the nutts! Welcome back Thick :)
Your Thick44! That cancer is nothing! NOTHING!
<3
Glad your all good thick!
The forbidden beef. Glad everything went well 🖤
never felt anything bring me as much happiness as thick making it through the surgery here's to a swift and healthy recovery.
I'm a little worried thick will care more about his dinos
Wishing you the best thick. Your guys gta videos are a go to whenever im feeling down
Ready player 2
Be a maverick Thick, try the crab cakes 🦀
Glad to hear it went well!
So this is what it took for a face reveal.  Anyway, glad you’re back home and able to already work. Here’s to a speedy recovery
You shall survive Thick!
Good on ya Thick44, so glad you’re okay.
you are a hero sir !
you still killed cooter...  joking aside, all the best wishes man! get well soon!! <3
Shout out to Big Worm.
Tumor got thick’ed
Thick I'm sending you all my positive vibes and i wish you the best.
I'm glad you're ok thick. Here's praying you stay good dude. God bless.
We are all here for you Thick, stay strong!
Good to hear you're doing good brain tumors are always tricky
Happy to hear you are doing better Thick! Stay strong brotha!!
I feel like its time for another episode of "how does thick die"  lol glad your doing well thick!!
I didn't realize you were going in so fast. This is amazingly incredible news! I'm so happy for you.
Much love thick, we love ya and got your back
Ok. The dick jokes....   Thicks back!!!   Glad you’re on the road to recovery.   Bless you Thick 44!!!   Man Warrior.
we love you thick
So you could say that the cancer got thick'ed. Get well brother and I hope for a speedy recovery for you
YES! Nice one thick, hardest part done you got this from here on out!
wouldnt't be neebs gaming without a Thick Human Man Warrior, Glad you pulled through man.
Im so happy for thick. Hearing his friends dog him super hard after knowing he is okay shows how much they care. Neebs gaming and the world in general would have been less without him. Im glad you are okay and to all of you guys good health!
Way to go thick ✊✊
Glad to hear they caught it quick, much love buddy. Weed, conquest and kittens is the cure for your ailments 😑
Budget well Thick be smart and have fun. 1/2 a million dollars over 10 years and I have good insurance. Good luck and enjoy might sound silly but every breakfast becomes amazing.
Haven't put a comment under a YT video for months and rarely ever under a Neebs gaming video.  But I want to say, that I wish you all the best, Thick44.
Yeah!!!
Uk something I'm happy tht everything went well but  there friend ship is great lol they laugh   over the hardest moment but they were there with him no matter how they act it hard to find friends like tht
Thick44, Neebs Crew, love you all. Keep it positive, keep going, the community has got your back and you've got this. Cant wait to fly over and see you all in person again! HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!!
Cancer got Thick'd!!! Best news ever👍
great news!!!
Hell yeah happy to hear they got it out, glad your recovering and feeling better, and finally got that burrito!
Pshh like this could take broof out. 💙💙💙
Get well brother
Thick is bred strong!
the good ending
Ayyyeee dimelo u got the tumor out but no cancer
soooo thick44 what are you going to keep in the spot where the tumor was...do you have a new pocket?
So glad to hear it went well. Was super excited to see the video so soon! I’ll keep you in my prayers till y’all say the battle is over. Stay strong!
so beyond happy right now! keep it up
I'm happy everything went well. Much love
We love you Thick44. It's good to hear the update and we're all behind you!
Must've been a nightmare getting through that "Thick" skull. 🤕  .......I'll let myself out
your thick44 human warrior it's nobody
You got this big guy! Don't give up, don't ever quit!!!
What they don’t tell you is that the meatloaf is actually tumor meat.
Neebs thickd thick on rust and then thick came back after cancer brain surgery.  It's a june miracle.
My dad had two types of cancer  and survived and you survived brain cancer which is one of the worst types you can get and that puts you in an elite group of survivors right there
that tumor got thick so hard
Thick 44!!!!!
Cancer sucks. My dad's friend was just diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer. He has refused any treatment because the chance for survival is less than 2 percent and it has already spread through other organs.
Damn it feel's good to hear your voice, Thick
I feel like this little episode had some vibes of those Battlelog shorts where you guys talked life lessons, stories and jokes. I need more of those in my life!
So happy that your out Thick! Thick44 keeps fighting!
Praise God! Still praying for good reports here forward. Get well soon!
So glad to hear that the Human Man Warrior kicked that surgeries butt!
Excellent news, Thick. Nothing but positive vibes & love coming your way.❤️❤️❤️
Let’s go you tell that cancer “it’s nobody”
Congratulations Thick ! !  welcome back!
So, Simon doesn't have to break the news to his horse?!          Splendid! Wonderful! Fantastic! Amazing! Glorious!             Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!!!!!
God bless you bro
great to hear thickk. I'm rooting for you bud. don't loose the optimism. truly wish you the best!
Congrats Thick!!
thick needs to get on daily full extract cannabis oil for neurogenisis
Thank you for taking the time to record this for everyone. Great to hear you. Healing thoughts sent, you will go from strength to strength in your recovery, you have millions thinking of you.🥰
Aye! :D
Hell yeah Thick, we need you for Battlefield Friends 2042
Lol, im soo glad that you doin good thick.
Love hearing your voice again thick
Im so glad surgery went well and I hope cancer eats a rendezook and leaves thick alone.
Thank goodness that Thick came out alright
Love ya Thick! Sending good energy for a speedy and full recovery! 🙏🏾
Wicked scar
the tumor got thicked!
hospital crab cakes - on par with gas station sushi lmao
Phew thank goodness your good thick stay healthy and congratulations ❤️
Just found yalls channel again after the BFF series. Good luck to you thick and everyone else.
Although you had to pass through the amniotic fluid, and can't remember shit, the essence that is Thick 44 was here at the beginning of all things and will be here at the end.  It's just the way the thing works.
was it neebs shaped, all kidding aside, this is a scary thing to happen, get healthy and enjoy all the love
That Tumer got "THICCKED!" Wooohooo keep on rocking
Your gonna whip its ass thick! Your obviously a maverick!
Glad things went good
YOU ARE THICK44 YOU CAN DO ANYTHING!!!
Glad you didn't get *thicked*! Stay strong dude. Love your content and personality!
Glad to hear the good news
This just made my day. I'm so happy thick is doing good.
Sending all my positivity your way Thick! You got this!
no one gave the doc $50 to leave his scar in the shape of a penis?
🤞stay thick...you got this bud
As someone that had (well still technically has as it was in an inoperable location) a locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma and is waiting to be given the confirmation that I am in remission, I wish you all the best Thick.
Epitome of man warrior!!
Thick has emotions now, DATA is jealous :-)  Glad to hear you're doing good Thick, keep up the positivity man, we got your back.
Relief.. Almost tears of joy to hear your Voice again!
Great news, or as good as it can be. I lost an Aunt, she had he appointments delayed by a few months.   By which time it was too late. The sooner the better when catching and sorting such things.  Did you tell the Doctors that you had to live, so your friends can do you in several times a day? Friends, best cure.
Omg thick (☉｡☉)! Glad you're fine
We love you Thick44!
It's expensive. I had a spinal surgery with two days in the hospital and the bill I got was over $120,000 so I was really glad to see that the community was able to raise so much. Bless you and bless the people who donated.
I hope people caught the part about how lucky Thick is having his tumor removed early on. As a guy, I can be stubborn, and if I had a health issue like that I would have put it off. Happy as hell for you Thick and for the rest of Neebs gaming too.
RECON'S BACK IN ACTION! Hope you're doing it well Thick!
Thick, I absolutely love you and everyone from Neebs Gaming. I've been watching you guys since 2015 and you've gotten me through the roughest points in my life, times where I wasn't sure I would make it. It broke my heart hearing that any of you had medical issues, and it made me overjoyed to hear that you've come out the other end fine.  Though I've never gotten the chance to meet you guys, I feel like I know you so well, and I wish nothing but the best for all of you. You guys have brought so many hours of joy, entertainment, and escapism to so many of us, I just want to say thank you, from the bottom of my heart ❤
God I love this commentary!
Glad thick thk thk thk is ok
Glad to here your doing good after surgery thick hope you get to 100% soon
Will we get Cancer got Thicced shirts still?
This tumor was Cooters final present for Thick
Love hearing the positivity
You got this thick, stay positive brother
Hopes for a fast recovery
My slime fr
So glad to hear y’all but big shoutout to THICK44 hail to the King 👑
Congratulations, Mr. 44! We were all pulling for ya!
The Wyvern King will never fall! Love yea big guy
Remember Dr Greene from ER? Sad damn series arc.
I'm glad to hear it Thick you got this!!
thank fuck.
All the positivity towards Thick
That tumor got thicked!!!!! You got this.
WTAF, they found a brain in there?!?!?!? Congrats Thick, wishing you a speedy recovery! :)
So happy to hear MRI Man is back home ❤ Wish you all the best..a speedy recovery and a fantastic upcoming weekend with a cool drink in a lawnchair. Love and support.
that tumor is NOTHING! yur thick44!
Damn....they Thicked him good.
glad to know that you are doing better, Praying for a speedy recovery for ya!
THICK44
Go fund me?
Glad you're well Thick!
glad to hear you r ok  ! ....it s kind of hard for a squad whitout a sinper ......( tent up and some buritos --- happy camping ! )
Thick you got this I'm not even worried, you gonna Bully Maguire the shit out of that Cancer XD
Love you thick kisses
So glad to here your doing great, love you thick. Also fuck the people or bots who dislike this vid.
Glad thick44 is doing well.. Neebs gaming wouldn't be the same without everyone's favourite human-man-warrior!
Thick, we got your six.
Great news! Glad to hear your ok!
WOO!!! great to hear Thick!!! keep it up bro!
Glad you're doing better Thick! Praying for a speedy recovery! 🙏💪
Fuck man, it's been a while since I watched you (BFF) regularly but you always had me giggling.  Hope there's no fight ahead for you but will be swinging in your corner if you do.
Thick 44 best of video please
Great to hear your voice. We will continue to have you and your family in our thoughts
This good news makes a great birthday present. I'm glad thing went well for you, take care, and have a speedy recovery.
can't help, but wonder if this is where thick gets his super powers.
We love you thick44.
Tumor got Thick'd! It's nobody!
cool scars
My Smile is Beaming hearing Thick being all good
Cancer sucks!!! I'm so glad they caught it so fast and think they got all of it!
Glad thick is doing well but my god i can't imagine living in the states and having medical bills
Quick question, what is there to thumbs down about a video of a guy recovering from an aggressive cancerous brain tumor? Glad to hear Thick is doing well. Also, great to hear the non-stop ribbing of the rest of the guys. Recover quickly.
Glad to hear. Now Simon science the shit out of it
Yay thick ok
Thank the doctors you're still alive!
Glad to hear that everything went well Thick :)
"Don't go breaking my heart Thick" Simon can be so sweet.
I'm glad thick is ok, and I'm very sorry about the cancer.  I'd do anything for you man just ask.
Good!
Good luck with everything brother. I'm glad the surgery went well. Prayers for you and your family
Seriously I wouldnt take any Chemical therapy. I know i have no weight. But please do research on fasting and alkaline diets. Tens of thousands of "self cleared" cancer Wins! Chemo only "works" when it does because it almost kills you, and then the cancer thinks your dying(because you are) and Regresses.
Congrats man, glad to hear you are well.
Weirds me out a little that Thick was suprised by how much support he got... did he think we were gonna wish him death? Dafuq of course we all want you to live, Thick, ya dingus.
Good to hear :)
Now that he's healthy and coming back to the fold the light playful humor shall continue. Hopefully now without that grapefruit putting pressure on his optical nerves maybe he'll stop shooting you all in the back of the head since his vision should be crystal clear.
Dayng, hope you recover all right man.
We all knew you’d conquer this shit THIIIIINK 44 baby for the win.
Very glad to hear that the surgery went well! The whole Neebs Family is behind you on this one Thick! Sending love from me n the fans in Scotland!
That tumor's nobody! Nothin can stop Thick 44, he's a human man warrior!
omg so glad your ok and are get well soon
Positivity is the best medicine Thick just proves this. Glad your doing good dude 🥳👍🤘
Glad it went great maverick lol We’re all here with you thick!! Much love
Good to hear you are doing good thick! Keep fighting!  You only get to die from a stray bullet from Simon accidentally shooting you! In a video game!
Are you a man? Of course he is. Thick is a warrior
"Doctor Brown at Duke" that there's a shit joke.
Prayers sent your way
It's pretty crazy to think that someone opened up Thicks head scooped some crap out and here he is right back talking to us just like before.
Thick44 has this! He's THICK44!
That tumor got thick'd
hang in there Thick44, just went through a TBI and the brain stuff is weird man lol good luck buddy and stay Thick44
Your recovery was sponsored by Marvel and some lame ass landscape company thats going to tank and belly up. .  Modern medical ducks. .. Next time witch doctors voodoo sharmens and bicycle riders for christ ... Best bet
My grandmother had a brain tumor in her 50s it was cancerus and it was removed she lived to be 95. Your going to  beat this thick! We are all in your corner!
Love you Thick!!!!! Great news!!!
you guys should make a documentary or somthing "MaveThick 44: out in 2"
Who the hell downvotes this?   No seriously. Who?
Prayers are with you!
and even won a compliment from the doctor...what a man!
That does suck to hear but at least your doing well. Wishing you the best. 3 Cheers for the Wyvern King!
Godspeed brother
Happy for ya, Thick!
Get well soon Thick, we are all here for you.
Good luck with your future glad that you made it through it okay glad to see you more videos especially with the new battlefield!!!!!!!!
Hey Thick did the doctors remove your attraction to landmines?
Congrats on the surgery and getting out of the hospital Thick.
Thick is a Warrior! no Cancer can sneak into his life and cause trouble especially when he know its creeping about. all fun and games aside I hope this Cancer stays Gone.
Get well soon❤
We  love you thick stay strong!!!!!
Now we build a robot body for the tumor to drive around as the Neebs gang goes on adventures to act as a pimp for Thick's feminine private part scar.... OR they could just keep playing video games... let's stick with the video games
Thick "Hey doc" Doc "Hey sweet ass"
Go Thick44 Human Man Warrior!!
Thick my man! Love you guy get better and stay better! Long time fan since the start of the channel
You’re Thick44! Say your name! So glad the surgery went well. Hoping for your speedy recovery and good health.
Thank God they caught it early. You are in my prayers as you make your way to a complete recovery. Godspeed Thick!
Just shows you what can happen in an instant.
The tumor got thick'd.
This is such good and scary news as well. Hope you get back on the horse ASAP.
Cant Thick Think
Nothing can keep the human man warrior down!  So glad to hear everything went well Thick44!!
OF COURSE HE WILL BE OKAY DO YOU NOT KNOW WHO HE IS!!!!!!
get it sealed in acrylic and give it away as a prize!
It’s like removing inhibitor chip in thick’s head
my mom just went through the exact same thing , shits wild but you’ll pull through 😈😈😈
My 60 year old mother is a life long smoker and she beat cancer, you are extremely healthy, so you will be good -- glad you are doing good Thick!
Glad you're okay Thick. Welcome to Corporatism, it sucks. Cheers friend.
❤
How in the hell can people even come to this video to hear the good news that some ones brain surgery went very well and then click the dislike button?
Good luck Thick we are here with you. As far as it goes for cancer the little bit I've experienced with family who've had to go through chemo it's hell. DRINK LOTS OF WATER FORCE YOURSELF TO OR HAVE SOME FORCE YOU TO! It's very easy to forget I wish you the best. You'll be back to normal at some point but you got this.
You got the support from France. Cancer will never win.
Get well thick!
God that's really good news. My eye holes we're all dried up because of to your eternity. You would have milked blood out my eyes
TAKE CHEMO! JUST TO BE SURE!
Sending my love Thick! Hope you have a speedy and full recovery.
I thought we was getting rid of this dude...But! with that said when he's not in the videos its not the same, and don't think I'd be able to watch anymore if u was gone.
Your scar and head make me think of baseball, and I can't wait to hear you blame a death on brain surgery.  Probably someone else's, we all know Thick doesn't die.
Cancer didnt know it was trying to mess with THICK FORTY FOUR!!!!!!!
Neeb's Gaming...you guys are like family. All my best to you Thick!
Great to hear your voice Thick, best wishes for the future.
Blessing for you Thick44 keep up the positivity.
That tumor was nobody!!! Itll never work in this town again!!!
You guys are amazing I am glad you are doing well and are in good spirits! I hope it all goes well for you and your family!
Cancer 1 - Thick 44
Tumor got Thicked! Glad you made it okay brother!
Ok so good news doc got it quick all of it and thick is still a sexy man warrior
Glad thick was able to respawn.
You're Thick44 and that tumor is NOBODY!!! Seriously, though, I'm glad to hear that the surgery went well and that you are recovering! Get better soon!
Thick44: *Fucks over a brain tumour, eats a burrito* - +100 Man points
Sorry it's cancerous but so glad you got it all removed, happy for the good outlook!  You rock dude.
Nice to hear your recover and out of hospital and all the best for you and ya family
This is gonna sound like I'm a weirdo because iv never meet you guys but your a big part of my day and I was very worried about thick I'm glad your doing better and love you guys. It's crazy how important a Stanger can be in your life. Thanks guys
Swee, glad you are doing great! Hope for a super Speedy recovery.
I wasn't worried at all. I knew you'll be fine. Its always the people around you that gets thick'd , never you 😝
Love to hear the great news!  Through thick and thin! 😂🙄
My kidney transplant is being done through Duke and they are thorough!  Great option for treatment.
Glad the surgery was a success man. Much love to the family, hope your recovery is swift, and warrior-esq
Ok, you said burrito, then you said something like "scaw" burrito...? I'm hungry. What is this "scaw" burrito you speak of? And where can I find one?
Thick thick'd cancer
Glad you're okay Thick
Welcome back Thick, great to hear everything went well and I pray for a speedy recovery.  :)
The Chad Thick44 vs the virgin cancer
So glad your doing well and they were able to get it all out on the first time i hope the rest of your recover and any lasting treatments go well but we all know your going to thick the hell out of that cancer
Mission success the tumor was thucked
Keep on keeping on man!
Haven't watched in a while but you're skits were part of my damn childhood watching your videos with my friends. Keep us updated
tumor got thicked
That tumor got thick'd and thicks sweet ass is gonna be frickin fine. After all he's a human man warrior, and he eats burritos.
its 6 am here in australia and ive just woken up for another day in lock down and this is the best news ever my wife and i are so so happy you made it through the surgery thick weve been praying for you and will continue to do so keep on kicking ass mate nothing can beat thick44
I'm feeling so happy for you thick, NeebsGaming's ark and raft helped me alot when I was having bad time, Watching you guys made me so good and made me disconnect from the reality, When I heard you had tumour It really made me feel sad bcz I really don't want anything bad happen to any of you, You guys are so funny and amazing and even when I get older I hope you guys will be always there bcz I've been watching YT for yearsss and I never liked any YT like I like your Channel, You guys make everyone connect to the fantasy world you create.  thank you for everything and I hope thick44 will recover soon and we'll see wyvern king back 👑
Great to hear you're doing well
I am not just saying this because of Thicks cancer, but it was a video featuring Thick that got me hooked on Neebs Gaming, one of the Battlefield videos. And the Top 25 were always my favorite vids.
You medical system is bad , like criminal.
Been here for yeaaars. Glad the crew is still whole
Oh god, well atleast you were able to get through this cancer! Youre going to get through this! You have the whole community behind you!!
Very Glad to hear Thick44 sounding so good.
I lost my father 10 months ago to cancer, so I will still send good vibes your way, but I am super happy to hear the good news. Kicks it's ass Thick44, you're a warrior, cancers nothing!
WE LOVE YOU BRO
Get well soon Thick!!!
You got this Thick.
I'm so happy for you Thick. To bad its cancerous. but hoping for you to have a Speedy Recovery :) enjoy the summer event on Ark :D
I’m just so happy Thick is okay
When you know that their Meatloaf is messed up I see that as a good sign... Congrats Thick!!!!  Hopefully it will be in remission.
Thick no matter how heat the road is We know you’ll power through that and beat this thing. Hopefully they have got it all already. Sending prayers and hope all the way from Australia. ✊✊
Glad to hear everything went well.
Have a good recovery, I'm gonna say what my dad said when I was in the hospital "did the nurse have big boobs" 😂🤣
The dislikes are the people still mad about Cooter.
Hell yeah! WE LOVE YOU THICK.
While it sucks that Thick had a brain tumor I had no doubt in my mind that he would beat it b/c he's a human man warrior. In all seriousness though I'm sending all the positive energy that I possibly can to Thick & his family/friend's & I'm wishing him a safe & speedy recovery.
YAY!!! THICK!!!!!!
After watching so many of your videos, I feel like you guys are my best friends and just do not know it yet. I am sure you get that a lot. This was like finding out my brother has cancer. Shed some tears at the news, smiled through this video, praying for you nightly. Hang in there, brother.
SOOO thankful that you came through like a champ!  You will be fine for MANY MANY years to come.  You are THICK44 and you rock !!!!!!
The world needs your voice, and brain!!!
America needs to change some shit
7 grand for A&E?!?   Boys. Move to Europe, trust me 😩🤌🏼.
Hoping you’re doing good thickopotamus!
So glad you're back. Now the group can once again be 'thicked'. Wouldnt be the same without you buddy!
fuck yes the wyvern king lives!!!!!!!
Cancer get THICKED!
Very pleased to hear your voice and that you are in such high spirits Thick! Sending love and best wishes your way. Keep smiling and laughing Neebs family!
Human man warrior!
You got this Thick. The wyvern king 👑 shall raise again and slay thy foes with all his thickness.
You're Thick44, you got this! Great to hear the good news. And remember that from now on you can blame E V E R Y T H I N G on that tumor. 😉😉
Thank you so much for updating us all. Thick44 had no obligation to let us know any of this private part of his life and yet still did. You guys go on about how you have the best YouTube community, man we are only a reflection of you all. Thank you for the great content. Thank you for seeing us as people and not just views. World Peace is on the way.
I dont want you giving away my gofundme donation. You will still have needs after recovery. Dont be so damn humble. Accept the love.
I know this is probably really random but if you guys ever find yourself in Greenville, NC and you want a burrito you need to go to a restaurant called "La Rancherita" it's near the Best Buy and you need to order the King ranch burrito.
Hope you told the tumer I'm thick 44 your nobody lol
God I am so relieved.
That cancer got its ass Thicked. Prayers brother
You’re a human man warrior bud.
Now you will be the envy of alllll metal detectors
Stay strong buddy !!!!!
What’s the worst part of having a tumor removed from your brain? Thick44: meatloaf 😎
Can we get a 'dont go breaking my heart' Simon single now please
Chicks dig scars, Thick! Glad to hear it went so well. Good to hear your voice!
Glad to hear. ✌💙🏳️‍🌈🎮
Get that man a burrito!!
Godbless thick
Thick: I'm out of surgery and it was cancerous. Waiting to find out how bad it is  Neebs and gang: *insert instant dick jokes* Me: where can I get friends like these???
So glad everything went well
Best of luck Thick44
<3
Portugal is with you Thick44
I'm glad you're feeling good and going to be ok
I wish u the best thick u always put a smile on my face and I hope ur doing well man
Dope scar homie
Rest up and feel better, Alfred Q.  I was a volunteer at the local hospital for many years. The food they give to patients fresh out of surgery is *not* the same food they serve in the cafeteria.  Simon, please keep Thick well oiled in CBDs.
So glad for the positive results. Couldn't imagine life without you guys now. With that.. I can see Thick looking like Commander Rex at the end of clone wars now. With the scar near the chip haha. Nvm, so happy to hear Thick doing well and all the best wishes for the future.
Very glad that mr Thick is safe but f cancer
Omg. Guys. I was so scared for you. I am happy that they got the tunnor out. 😁
Welcome back maverick 😂😂 You see the black guy smash a wasp nessss
Thick that trap door on your head is a great place to hide your weed. Your so LUCKY!  J/K I am soo happy that you are safe and recovering man. Best wishes to you HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!
Really glad the surgery went well. Hope for a speedy recovery!
Prayers go out to you.
All hail the Wyvern King!!! Glad to hear your voice man! You're Thick44, that cancer is nothing!!!
F**k Cancer. You can beat it.
Thank God everything has gone well for you Thick44, glad to see you back. I hope that was it and nothing reappears. Need to get a tattoo “Insert 25 cents here”. Keep gaming and rocking!! 😎😎🇺🇸🇺🇸
Am glad you are okay Thick! You are fit and can beat this! And yes when you go back try them crab cakes!
congratz  thick , man you'll  beat that cancer .  good hear your that your doing better.
Welcome back Thick44. We're so happy to have you back. #HumanManWarrior. 😁
All the best mate from the UK 🇬🇧  🇺🇸
That tumor was nobody!
So glad to hear you’re doing well. We love you, Thick!
I hope you'll be healthy soon thick
So great to hear thick’s voice. Such a wonderful way to attack this.
Yaaaaay! You got this
Best news all week. Glad you're recovering well Thick. You and your nice ass
Hope you're doing well, loved BFF's, hope it comes back.
"F**k you, tumor. You're NOBODY!".Glad that the surgery went well :) Get well soon, Thick!
Thick44 almost "Thicked" himself irl. Glade to hear the positive news. So Thick44 lives to continue "Thicking" the other players of Neebs Gaming. Awesome.
Thick you're a maverick! I'm glad you didn't get Thick'd by your own head!
Cancer just got Thick’d!!! 🙌
I thought they always did brain surgery with the patient awake 😳😳
Good news! Congrats on surviving a brain tumour! Knew you'd make it through.
I'm not crying... you're crying...
Hopefully man you'll be fine with no relapse. Keep fighting and what's more important do regular check ups on it. They missed my aunt's brain cancer and it went aggressive and south fast. Happened after they thought she'd beaten cancer her second time. Its one thing you'll always have to keep tabs on.
I have been nervous all weekend wanting an Update...LOL... Glad to hear it sounds like everything is going well for Thick...
God bless you are ok <3
that cancer got thicked :p
Glad to hear the op went well! Atleast you'll be able to tell small children hilarious lies how you got the scar! I'd go with kick by a bull while being a rodeo clown!   My son thinks I got the scar on my leg by winning a fight with a shark!
Glad your back are prays are with you.
So happy you're not dead. Recover well!
America's medical care prices/costs......its fucking criminal lol
Are the thick 44 jokes okay or is it do soon?💚🤣💚
Uber to the ER lol
THICK FORTY FOUR!!! *stomps feet* THICK FORTY FOUR!!! *stomps feet*
💖🍀💖🍀Hope you come through this crap 144%!!!🍀💖🍀💖
Thick IS a superman! Glad to hear you are doing well!
Neebs gaming vs up up down down! Make happen guys !
Love ya dude! Glad to hear that your getting better, and I hope you get even better!
It was so wonderful, for us all, to hear your voice. You truly are a warrior!! You can so “Thick” this. “Thick it” good, Thick it real good!! Stay positive! You have a huge Neebs family and we are all in your corner.
I'm from Belgium and my mind can't even comprehend how the "Public Health System" works over there. Not going to ague that point either. I'm just glad the surgery went well. We're with you.
Too the people that down voted this you simply are miserable s%^t people
Glad the surgery went well. You got this!
8:35 r/dontputyourdickinthat
Thick beating cancer is going to be the shirt I wear proudly, been a fan since Dora and Associates and it made me tear hearing you had cancer as a fellow father and just a huge fan. I'm happy the surgery went well, godbless and nothing but best wishes to you, you gdamn warrior!
Good news, getting it early is key!
Wait it only took 2 hours for your surgery? I had a mass removed in 2019 and it took them 12 hours with 3 surgeons and a full OR
Love ya man
Glad to hear you are ok, buddy!
That cancer is NOBODY! He's Thick44!
Know you hate it,  but we love it.   That tumor got thick'd!
Aggressive? Hell, aggressive is in Thick's nature, the word Cancerous is what would have me worried. So glad you're recovering Thick.
Whoever down voted this video there's a special place in hell for you.
Fantastic news, keep up the good work and keep fighting.
So glad your back ! Your awesome bro and the show wouldnt be the same without you ! Love and support from the family in australia ! And thankyou neebs gaming for bringing thick to all us fans :)
Dammit Thick Now I Want Meatloaf 😭 Glad To Know You’re Okay ❤️ You’re An Amazing Soul
I hope you fine and will stay healthy! The Neebs Gaming wouldn't be the same without Thick!
We have the risk that he survived in some weeks?   Good news Thick be strong!!!
Glad to hear you came out of surgery well and hope the trials work for you. Human Man Warrior prevails!
I like to think in the future there will be a jar in the office with a little blob floating in it..it will be labeled... "nobody".
A family member has gone through a cancer scare. Thankfully she is all clear so far. Just one of her "treatments" cost $180,000.....health insurance & or health care system are wildly out of control.
Much love from the UK <3  @Thick44 !!
The Man Warrior child Returns! Glad you made it thick, wishing you a speedy recovery
I cannot emphasize how much your stories about your healthcare costs makes me glad I live in Canada. Also, I hope you keep getting better!
Long time listener , first time caller . H So happy for you Thick . Legend xx
Never give up Thick!
i love how you guys rally around him. Thats some good friends there, staying strong for him being positive.
These insane prices sounds so outlandish and strange for someone living in europe. Great that things are working out atleast!
I love you babygirl thick
There wasn't a doubt in my mind that you, Doc Brown and the Maverick would beat the shit out of that tumor. Super glad to k ow you're out and about and staying positive. We love you Thick!
Nice glade to hear your doing good and your sounding great.
Welcome back Thick!
Been watching y’all’s content for awhile now and I can honestly say that Thick is the personality I feel like I can relate to the most and a large part of what keeps me coming back and watching these well done episodes. You’ve been an inspiration for me and I’m looking forward to seeing your future content!
Nothing can stop u thick you are a warrior
Hoping that the positive vibes keep on protecting ya bro.  You tha man my dude.. lol
Here’s to hoping... people never ever listen to a chiropractor, they are not doctors. What they do has no science behind it. They are urban voodoo.
Glad to hear they got all of it. Sure you will have to get checked now and then but still. This is good news. Not gonna lie I was worried.
Good job thick I know you could kick its butt you have more important things then a tumor that's a nobody, also you should hang the tumor on a plaque on the wall and label it a nobody.
Fuck yeah thick you got it bro
Look here cancerous tumor, do you know who your messing with? Its THICK44!  YOU CANT WIN! love all you guys in the needs cast. glad the surgery went well, hope for a speedy recovery to THICK44!
Nice…
My dad recently passed from small cell liver cancer, i’m really pulling for you Thic. the power of laughter is an amazing drug, and this community along with your crew can send laughs your way in heart beat. Stay strong.
Hope u get better
Glad ur okay thick
Get well bro
Buzzing for you thickkkkkkkk
Long Live The Wyvern King
Thicks a tough ol boy.
Good news,will keep you in our prayers.
No thank u sir thick cuzs whenever we feel down in the dump you and  neebs gaming always there for us so many love sir thick😁🤘
After this you should get an unlimited supply of prescription grade weed and have it covered 100% by insurance. The fact your atill kickin should earn you the right to stay stoned for life and at no expense to you lol
So glad you made it!! Sounds like pretty good news over all 👍 we're here for the long haul wyvern king!!
Well done, Sir! Very happy that you sound like yourself so soon after surgery.
I just had a brother who just went threw a tumor in the brain and I'm glad to hug this brother today.. Thick44 ! Man Warrior! Cancer back off!
I'm so glad they got it I'm happy you overcame this step neebs gaming wouldn't be the same without you.
@thick44 with the gang: "Yeah, here's my update on how my surgery went . . . . "  Thick44 with the ladies: "Yeah, took an RPG to the head. Had to just walk it off cause I was busy saving my squad"  P.s. we'll accept either story, as long as you win this battle.  Rootin for ya bud!
Thick buddy I'm glad you are ok!! I hope your health gets progressively better, #FuckCancer
where is the link for the go fund me
Fucking congrats
I don't know who that tumor thought it was going into Thick44's head. He's a warrior.
Just a quick message to say that I’m thinking about you and wishing I could send rain to wash away your illness and sunshine to bring a rainbow. Get well soon, my friend (╥_╥)(╥_╥)(╥_╥)(╥_╥)(╥_╥)(╥_╥)(╥_╥)
Thick i love ya man, you fucking did it im so proud of ya!
I happy  you ok Thick44
Glad our main man thick44 is doing much better it wouldn't be the same without you think. Glad you better
Been following you guys for a while and was so glad to hear that everything went well with your surgery.aslo my daughter is the female version of you and when we play 7days her game style reminds me of you.wish you all the best. Oh and the other guys too.MAKATTAK69
wb thick44. keep well.
i love how everyone is staying positive and try their best to make thick laugh . my ex's parents once started talking about her grandma at a family dinner, they said she was acting weird and thought she was suffering from dementatia or alzheimers . i told them this was moving too fast and she needed a cat scan as soon as possible , i told them it sounded like a brain tumor , said i didn't want to scare them but added that if it got to this stage it was probably too late.  a week later they found out that everything i said was 100 percent on the mark , she died about 8 months later .
That tumor got Thick'd. And for once thats a good thing.
Unrelated but I think neebs gaming should react to their old BFF vids we could get like a commentary of what they were doing while recording an episode
I am so glad everything came out ok. This group would not be the same without you, glad you are back THICK 44!!.
Hey needs tick Dora and appsro I graduated on the 29th hearing that his surgery was on.The 29th makes me think man I just hope thick is ok and he will beat this
Love hearing you staying strong Thick!!!
Best news ever , speedy recovery and best wishes . Cant wait to tell my wife your ok .
Love ya Thick! Glad your out of the hospital and I'll be praying you have a speedy recovery. I love that your so positive brother!
I find it funny that neebs sister texts thick I can imagine neebs in BFF just letting thick die so he can tell him not to text his sister to be defibrillated
We are all glad you are okay Thick.
I'm so glad they caught it quick! I'll be thinking of you, Thick! <3
Well shit. Brain surgery gave Thick emotions. Lol.
Wait, Neebs has a sister?
God bless you Thick! Heal well xx
Hey, my mom and my niece had aggressive cancers. We found my mom's breast cancer when she was 48, and now she's 61 and has been cancer free for ten years. My niece had fuckin' nasty leukemia, and finally finished her chemo this year. But my mom says that what kept both of them alive during chemo was the support from everyone, and you've got that in spades.  You're gonna do great!  (Also y'all might be able to defray some costs by making a Dr. Maverick shirt, I'd buy it.)
Yesssss, love you brother.
Freaking love yah Thick! You are a damn trooper!
Long time shit bucket owner here, and I was informed last Friday that I have lymphoma. Keeping you in my thoughts dude. Btw that scar looks nothing like the penis I hoped it would 😉
How much for a thick44 staple necklace?  Just one staple right in middle.  Asking for a friend… the friend is me
Glory to the Lord! Dont give up hope, Thick! Let's keep praying for him, thank you God 🙏
Thick looks very similar to my uncle except my uncle is 204cm tall. Funny seeing a tiny version of my uncle 🤣
Thanks for all the giggles dude you're great
Was so worried we would lose our THICK44. That he wouldn't come back the way we love him. The rest of my week is going to be good.
Congratulations! I hope your feeling a lot better!
Ultimate warrior was the biggest piece of crap... Next to Ryback
The ghost of cooter watching over thick...
Good news and everything but the important question is thick did they let you film the operation?
Oh thank gosh thick is okay
what a guy xx
Thick I'm so happy for you and your fam, that every thing has gone well.
Thick.. Sending you prayers from San Diego. My mom is fighting cancer as well. Keep fighting my BF friend. You have a great support system, tons of friends and the support from people around the world. Keep playing and laughing
So good to hear Thick is doing better! :) Human Man Warrior FTW! That being said though, it really is insanity the bloodmoney you americans have to pay for health services. I cant get over picturing people in need of emergency care trying to flee from the ambulances, is is equal parts morbidly funny and insanely demented.  "Oooonly in america....."
Try a crab cake while at the hospital 😆. I love how through all of this, they still have a sense of humor
Keep kicking that chain Thick!!! Glad to hear yuh up and moving like a warrior man!
Glad you are doing well continued prayers for your speedy recovery
So glad you're doing alright, really wish US health care was like here in the UK, you deserve all good things, sending love and hope for your speedy recovery! x
Keep goin my man fuck yeah kick cancers ass
Legend says that every Wyvern shall be named Maverick... Long live the Wyvern King
"I like your cut, G"
As a medic in formation, I am excited for the surgery footage, thank you in advance for sharing Thick! And also, i'm really happy everything went great, keep being strong, mate
Thick you are back….
Thick I listen to Ney flute Oriental Music to relax Rumi your love is my cure
Yay thick let’s hope it doesn’t come back
Glad you're okay, Thick 👍 Didn't doubt you for a second.
Glad to hear things went great with your surgery Thick44!
Make this situation you biznitch. Sending much love and baby powder
Y’all really need to start a go fund me or something. So we can all donate and try to help thick cover his bills.
THE WORLD WILL NEVER BE FREE OF BEING THICKED! (jk But I am do happy that the problem got caught when it did, and I hope everything will be fine and dandy!)
Thank God thick neebs gaming wouldn't be the same without you man so glad it worked out
"Are you ready to play again?" -the voice in Thick44's head
so the tumor got thick'd? good.
CANCER GOT THICKED!!!!!!! Love ya man
Glad your healthy broham!
Do an Iron Man and have the tumor ensconced in a glass cube with a placard saying "Proof Thick has a brain"
@Thick44 THC kills brain cancer...smoke weed.
How much you bench!? We are here to lift you up now Thick44!
Thick, I am so happy to hear your voice! I was so worried about you. You truly are a badass!!! Thank you guys for the update and the laughs.
So glad everything went ok stay positive.
So very glad to hear you did well and are feeling good. I will continue to pray for your complete recovery.
Glad your ok man
WE LOVE YOU THICK!!! KISSESSSS!!
Well done thick Much Love man.
And think..... I'm a man but I had tears in my eyes when I found out it was cancer... I'm not a pussy but I'd hate to lose you in this world. I'm relieved you're doing better. Much love.
YAY!! Thick didn't get Thicked!!! Glad to hear everything went well. ❤️
So good to here your voice thick. Keep positive no matter what. Just remember there's people out there with no chance of recovery, so keep that thought with you on your bad days bro. Much love from New Zealand. Also thanks Simon I also had no idea what a wafer was. Other than a cream filled biscuit lol
Welcome back thick!
You know when you have good mate's. They take the piss out of you no matter what.
Oh shit Thick almost got thicked lol we are so happy to hear that you are doing better buddy are prayers are with you.
Thick you have been my favorite out of all of them to all the guys no offense, but I'm so glad that your surgery went well I was nervous I was like I don't want there to be no thick 44 I would have been so sad so I'm just super glad that you made it out of here and God bless you and everyone else
I will kinda be disappointed if thick doesn't change his tag to maverick instead of thick. Keep kicking ass brother.
👍
Thank God u are all good
You are in Charleston?! Its on the coast. You would think that you could get great seafood anywhere you go.
As someone in the UK I still find it crazy that you guys get charged for EVERY. SINGLE. THING. for anything medical.
💜 x 44
I instantly thought of doctor strange when you started talking about who did your Surgery cause I just watched it last night
Amazing news Thick! Happy to hear that all is good! Been stressing since Friday!
I can attest to the emotions thing. Had a very mild stroke a few months back and the emotions being right there, just below the surface, is real.
Beating a regular tumor isnt cool enough for thick. You gotta kick ass against the aggressive cancer one. Makes for a better story later on. Keeping you in my prayers.
Kemo sucks but at least Thick’s already bald. Glad you’re doing better.
Good to hear you’re doing good Thick. Can’t say I admire your guys health system costs and debts you incur over there, I mean $7k just for the ER!?. Btw who the hell down votes this video?
We ❤️ u
He’s got a war wound give this man A Purple Heart
He fucked the cancer like he does with thirty tames every map of ark
LETS GO THICK!!!! LETS GO!!!
So happy to hear you cracking jokes with the guys ! You got this , still sending good vibes your way till all tests come in
So glad you're home and doing well!
Damn 30 y/o and teared up hearing thicks voice im so glad you are doing well
That cancer is NOBODY! Speedy recovery thick!
Listening to this whole thing with happy tears like a real human man.
Great to hear you have had the surgery and are doing fine.  We're all behind you man warrior!  Looking forward to you being 100% and getting people thick'd.  :-)  Sorry dude, couldn't resist.
I honestly love you guys. I lost my Dad to cancer 3 weeks ago and your videos have kept me sane since. So thank you.  And Thick - the cancer was caught a lot later down the road than yours so you will beat this, I have no doubt about it.
I never leave a comment, and I'm here to say we love you, dude. Same goes for the rest of the crew too.   Keep on being awesome, and have Simon make you a sandwich.
Prayers!!
Well I lost 50 bucks now... geeze
Thank you #Thick44 for getting checked up sooner than later. Glad to hear everything went good and your sounding good.
Take it easy Thick don't unleash the Human Man Warrior just yet till you fully recovered.
Thick you thought that sticking your head in a microwave for over a year would make us forget about cooter.  Well it has, well played sir well played.  Get better buddy.  Praying for ya and if you don't spend my money on bills than spend it on booze
LOVE YOU THICK44 ❤
Did they have to use industrial drills to go through your skill being its thick?
I wish you a speedy recovery Thick. Just another thing that got Thick'd :D
Yay burrito Love ya Thick44 :)
Ain’t no tumour keeping this man warrior down! Get well soon man!
Glad your doing well, hope it doesnt come back Thick! Praying for you!
Praying for u brother. May God protect u and watch over ur recovery.
i'm glad ur okay thick
I've been watching neebs gaming for years now. My mom came down with stage 4 aggressive lung cancer, bone cancer, and organ cancer. She had 2 brain tumors and her nervous system and lymph nodes were cancerous. When I heard that Thick had a brain tumor it almost broke me. I'm glad that your doing well and it went great. You guys are my childhood and idk what I would do if Thick wasnt there.
Glad you are ok thick.
Lets just call the meatloaf “Brown Matter” in honor of the grey matter its replacing.
Glad that “superman” is ok. But this Health System that we use needs to change, man. It doesn’t make any sense! Health Care is a freaking human right! 😡
The wyvern king shall reign forever lol but on serious note I'm glad your ok buddy stay strong
Fantastic to hear your voice and you joking around just like any other time, Thick. I'm curious now, I'm keen for a Crab Cake review. 😋
When I saw that first video I said, "Don't you take him, Lord. He may be an asshole, but he's OUR asshole!" We love you, Thick44.
Wishing nothing but best of recovery for you with nothing but unending love and support your way Thick!!
Wishing you the best Thick. You've got this. Rock on!
Could they not have lightly pan fried your tumour in butter and sautéed onions?
I love all their comradery and love they have for each other. Especially Appsro.  From my experience the darker the humor the deeper the caring.
Thank god you came out ok. My family's prayers are with you.
You know you can not pay the medical bills and it doesnt hurt your credit..... Just saying
There was a 60 minute episode about Duke University using a dead polio strain and injecting it into a brain tumor and the white blood cells attack the tumor and destroy it. It was really incredible!! Love you guys!!! Take Care Thick44!!!!
Glad the surgery went well. All the best thick
did he get his thickness removed so nobody would get thicked or thucked from now on?
Thank God we all need man
Apparently that tumor didn’t know who you are. You’re thick44 and that tumor is nobody!
Glad to have you back on your feet, if laughter is the best medicine the Neebs Crew will will have you fighting fit in no time. Sending my spirit energy and karma coffee.
Kick its ass thick, kick its ass
U rock thick44, hang n there and stay positive 👍 I know how serious it can be, ive lost almost all my family to cancer. So you're in my thoughts bud, you got it beat 💪 besides, you gotta stick around.. I mean if you stop who gonna keep the gaming crew in check 😜😂
Glad to see that you're doing good thick!
Holy fuck, we're glad Thick came out alright.
Love you my human warrior man. You will overcome this
Get well soon thick glad to hear that you are ok 👍
Amazing news! A hospital with great crab cakes?!?! Thick you are so #blessed.
Stay positive my man thick44 , I'm glad to hear the good news ,there's a way to go but with that attitude your heading the good way ... Happy days ahead of you and ahead of all your community . speedy recovery my dude !!
Not a religious man but I’m still a God fearing man and will still be praying for you on your road to recovery and clean Bill of health.
Dora with that Mayo Clinic diss, he is for real from Minnesoter.
Fuck yah man. You got this.
This is why I love you guys so much. Your all just so positive while being assholes its amazing. Your all awesome people and I'm so optimistic that thick will be fine going forward. Keep that positivity going guys
Keep the good vibes goin. Keep fighting the good fight thick.
THICK you da man be praying for you, make that cancer get thicked.  don't worry we all behind you
I'm pulling for ya, bud. Much luv from Texas. If all else fails, "Remember the Alamo!"
That'll show them not to mess with Thick44
Amazing news Thick! Glad to hear your voice and that you are doing good!
Thick44 and the never ending string of difficult side quests. Keep on rolling man.
So good to hear thick's voice again, glad you're doing better!!!
Wishing you all good things!
Thank goodness for people like Thick 44 and the lovely nutjobs he surrounds himself with. You folks just bring a great sense of positivity by showing us you can be positive. I never thought I'd laugh during these update videos. It can't be easy, but keep the positivity Thick, you have a beautiful talent for it and inspiring it. We are all behind you! (Edit) And the same thank you to the community. It's amazing how positivity attracts more positivity. You guys are just as awesome as the Neebs Gaming crew.
Your amazing dude. You and your famaly are gonna be OK and you know why. We need you man we can't do with out you buddy. Just hearing makes my day so mutch better. You do you and will see you back as soon as you are up for it. Ps don't do seafood in hospitals. Well at least wen your in Holland. 🙏 Take care buddy.
Thick <3
I’m so thankful you are doing well in your recovery Thick! I love that you guys can make a joke out of anything. Love you all 😂
This is some good news, delivered in typical Neebs Gaming fashion. Keep kicking this things a**! Good to hear your voice Thick, especially how strong you sound, man.
My prayers goes out to you thick! You kick ass dude :)
START PLAYING DARKNESS FALLS!!!! START PLAYING DARKNESS FALLS!!!  START PLAYING DARKNESS FALLS!!!  START PLAYING DARKNESS FALLS!!!
THICK - Have you listened to the Rock band "NIGHTWISH" from Finland?  You might enjoy them. If you search for "NIGHTWISH - Live at WACKEN 2013", you can find their entire concert video. Some great music to enjoy while you recover.
The Wyvern King returns!
Hopefully the cancer has been "Thicked"! awesome that everything is going well!
I was recovering from heart surgery, about the 4th day, I sent my wife out into a blizzard to get pizza and wings from our favorite spot.  She came through for me .    We had pizza and wings at 10 pm in the cardiac recovery ward!  Tube sticking out of me, wires hanging off me, feeling absolutely horrible but now we have a great story to tell that focuses on a positive aspect of a bad situation.  I hope you get to tell your stories for many years to come.
Bruh, told you you'd be perfectly fine. Nothing to worry about at all. You'll heal up and be right as rain.
Yaaaaaaaayyyy! good for you Thick! sucks that its cancerous, man :( But you are the man! You got this thing.
Hell yeah it's good to here all you guys together we love you guys
Thank fuck for that i wish you a speedy recovery
I'm glad it went well. Good riddance.
The Wyvern King will make cancer his bitch
Thick didnt get thicked by himself
I was an insurance agent from 2008-2018 (it was my second job), largely selling Medicare insurance to those who qualified (people on permanent disability or 65+), but I originally started in selling private insurance policies to people who needed it, and I've pretty much seen firsthand how all the major insurers will attempt to screw people over at almost any opportunity. I was appointed with basically every major insurer in the country and worked at a brokerage that received calls from all over the US. What insurance companies spend a *significant* portion on isn't care or coordinating care, but in administration (IE, paying themselves, their agents. There was a time 10 years ago where I sold a Medicare Advantage plan with a $0 premium to the member, but I received over $500 for enrolling the person, and I was the bottom-most person in the downstream for this, so just imagine what people were making over me).  Who remembers what insurance was like before the Affordable Care Act passed? I remember the father of a friend of mine having the same insurance policy for two decades, and he wouldn't switch for anything because he kept getting grandfathered in whenever things changed. When he was involved in a major accident that resulted in a 2-3 week hospital stay, he found out *after the fact* that his insurance policy canceled on him after the emergency surgery he had. Why? Because the policy had a $1 million lifetime maximum clause in it. He tried to go out and get another insurance policy but nothing would cover any of his hospital stay because it was a "pre-existing" condition. So for the rest of his life, anything involving a condition as a result from that accident wouldn't have been covered by basically any insurer I ever worked with, until the ACA went into effect in 2013 and made pre-existing condition exclusions a non-issue. He wound up declaring bankruptcy.  We need major fucking healthcare reform in this country. Everyone else can figure this shit out except us.  Anyway, Thick, I'm pulling for you. You're my favorite member of the Neebs crew, and you drive the fun and the stories of the playthroughs more than anyone will give you credit for. Keep fighting, Maverick.
Thank you for keeping us updated. I know we're strangers but we do care
Good man .... glad you made it dude
This cancer needs to get "thicked!" Love you man. Get some rest. If you can't play games for a while you could always look over Simon's shoulder and tell him how to do things.
Thick the human man warrior!!!!! Is back.
All the support from spain
Love you thick. You got this. "Im Thick44, you are nothing"
BadAssTHICK you didn't get Thicked!
Get better brother. This whole neebs gaming wont be the same with out you.
Thick 44 can never die he’s a force of nature keep on man good luck
START PLAYING DARKNESS FALLS
Get better brother. This whole neebs gaming wont be the same with out you.
Damn thick that isn’t good, I’m hoping for the best but we all know how these things can go.
💪
Glad you’re alright Thick, take it easy man.
🤘❤🤘
So glad to hear thick’s voice after his surgery
God Bless you Thick 44!! You are a man warrior!
Stay strong you human man warrior!
That cancer got thicked
Hope and prayers are with you!!!
I will buy thick's head staple jewelry!
take them steriods, yell "you lookin' at my girlfriend?" and kick cancer's ass.  you got this.  thick44!!!!!!!!!
Love you thick! THAT CANCER WAS NO ONE. A FUCKING NOBODY
Good on you Thick, wishing you all the best of luck.
From one internet stranger to the next.... I have watched/followed you guys for years. My wife jokingly mocks me for "knowing" a bunch of youtube gamers. Hearing about your tumor felt like a real life friend had told me the same. I feel like I "know" all of you guys, get better man.
Yay!   so T-Shirt? :P
Stay strong and hopefully you are better
I'm still praying for ya Thick. 🙏
Definitely good to hear you're good man! Almost cried when I hear the news!
Fuck yes!!!!! Get back to 100% health in time for battlefield 2042!!
glad you are safe and getting well
So glad you're okay man, all the best of luck going forward, the support has been beautiful.
You're a man-warrior thick44! that tumor was NOBODY!!!! Much love my man
When I first seen that thick44 "the king of wyverns" was knocking on deaths door I felt lost because every single one of you make this channel what "it" is and that's a family thank you for the content over the years to thick44 and to everyone else 🙏 and I look forward to many more years laughing at the content you guys create. Thank you for years of smiles and laughter and I'm relieved thick44 is still and always will be The Wyvern King!
My birthday is on the 6th so that'll be a nice gift
That tumor got THICKD
Glad that tumor got thicked!
The man. The warrior.
Endure, Thick. Come out on top.
Good thoughts in our hearts neebs fam.  <3
Get well soon Thick, you got this. (╯°□°）╯︵ Cancer
I was praying
“They got the tumor out” Relief washed over me. “It’s cancerous.” Fuck!!!!
Glad everything went ok Patient44 👍
Dip dip potato chipppppp!!!!!!
God I hope everything works out for ya bud 👀😳😲😥😰😢🙏👍
When thick said I heard a voice saying, I legit thought it would be'promoteeeed'
man i feel same as if your in my direct family, been watching so long. Your in all our hearts thick, get better soon !  , Now wth all the women in your life ,,,,,, ummmm milk that shit for all its worth.  now to other matters/////// WE in the community have been talking, we been missing alot of videos here recently, we figure when this is over YOU an the CREW need to give us a video a day to make up the vacation.   ummm an dont be using all this to justify all the hairbrain ideas you ve had that got cooter an others killed, The crew many many many times, ummmmm where was i going with this? lol GET BETTER BROTHER! WE HERE FOR YOU!.
I’m glad too hear that you are going to be alright Thick !
Cancer is nothing! You're Thick44!!!! You're in our thoughts man. You know this community is behind you
Glad to hear you're ok Thick!!!  That tumor got THICK'D!!!!
With all the medical bills and the way it works in the US im incredibly greatful for the system here in the UK. Everyone should have access to life saving surgery or drugs, it should not be at a premium. Regardless, get well thick <3
Be strong Thick, I hope things get better for you.
You rock dude, so brave. Much love think, that cancers nobody
American health care is ridiculous, the UK's NHS isn't perfect but I'm grateful that it's free.  Glad to hear your doing OK Thick.
Thick you r a true legend . You will pull through this and be jamming and gaming back full time in no time.  The man , the myth the legend . Mr. Thick 44.
Legend has it, that Thick44 heard a horrifying voice, when he was sleeping, it chanted.....     "Dip Dip Potato Chip"
Good to hear your ass back on here.
This is like a mini podcast for me love it lol
Do you feel lighter?
I hope your ok and I'll pray for you bud  your guys videos really help me when my dad died I just hope your going to be ok
Glad to hear everything went well, sending those good vibes!
Glad that got it all. Much love best wished
Please play another GTA online
Thick didn't get thicked at the hospital! Woot!
welcome back but if it spreads more we all support you in everything that you do get well soon thick44 you are awesome
I wonder if Thick asked the tumor if he’s been talking to his girlfriend?
Cancer just got Thick’d.
If we were to lose ANY of you NEEBS gaming wouldn’t be the same🙏 Simon is the hot cheerleader in horror movies. Apsro the Seargent Father we all need. Doraleus the muscle pillow protecting the pearl. Neebs the adamantium in the collective fist. And Thick…the bill pullman/Jason statham amalgamation we’ve all wished upon a star to grace our reality. Aggressively delighted you are well Thick! Love NEEBS gaming. Thank you guys
Who the hell disliked this vidio this god bless you thick ive seen friends pass from cancer stay awesome.
Thick the next Walter White? Just kidding but glad they got it out early
So happy everything is going well and that you’re in such good spirits over the whole thing.
In the UK at least National Health Service would cover the cost of everything.  We sure as hell don't get charged for an ambulance.  On the downside you can't find a decent burrito.  Don't eat the crab cakes untill you find out where the tumour went!
Stay strong bud
Glad to hear the wyvren king is doing alright
So excited to see this Thumbnail and update. I'm rooting for you Tony!!!!!!
Get well soon thick we are here for you!
Praise God! I'm glad the surgery went well and that they got all the tumor out!
HE DID IT, HE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!
Happy you are doing Ok think
Get well soon thick!
So glad to hear you're doing well Thick and a congrats on the huge success soo far
Glad you're alright I'll keep you in my prayers.
A proper Karen would have asked to speak to the kitchen manager bud.
All the best ❤
Get to feeling better my friend.
I cameeee back and I've been waiting for newsssss
Thick44 Hi, I'm Damian, I live in Poland and I like watching movies on the Neebs Gaming channel in which you perform, you are great and get well I'll keep my fingers crossed for the operation to go well live for the family and your viewers we are with you <3.
thick44 is a gamer, and this shit isnt even a boss fight to him
TTTHHIIIIIIIICK glad to here, positive vibes baby sending them all your way. Rlly appreciate the updates guys love for all the neebs crew and community.
That head tho
Wow, the American health care system is outrageous. Here in the UK we might have to wait for non essential treatment, but when it's life or death the NHS saves your arse and does it for free
It is fantastic to hear the wonderful news and we all hope that the folks at Duke are able to get rid of whatever is left. Rest and recover well.
Really happy to hear everything went well Thick.   You guys are a constant source of smiles and laughs in my life XXX
Good vibes and healing thick44
Thank God your ok thick I have been praying for you man. God Bless You All.
AMen,  AMEn preacher,  AMEN.
The fact that Thick began to brag about how quickly he left the hospital literally let's us know he's OK. And I'm so glad! Last video about this I cried sad tears and today I cried happy tears! Love you guys so much! Stay strong Thick, our human-man-warrior!!!!
Praying for you every night you got this
So glad you're ok man.
💪
Yaayyyyyy no wait nooooooo
I hope during surgery you mumbled "I'm thicc 44"
Zero sugar, for your sake plz.
i may cry
Hope you heal well, all the best to you. stay safe
So glad all is well Thick :)
Praying for you brother! Don't get Thick'd!
I will never ever understand the absolute BS that is the American Healthcare system
Thank God you’re doing good bro. I’ll keep you in my prayers
Sending prayers for a speedy and full recovery. This touched me deeply as my husband's mother died of brain cancer when he was a teenager. Thank you for your positive outlook on this and everyday life.
I’m glad that everything went well.
Glad to hear you're doing and feeling great Thick. Also, what loadout did the doc use to get rid of that cancer so i can equip it in Warzone to get rid of other cancers?? LOLOL 💚💚
Best of luck thick
So glad the surgery went well thick,wish you a speedy recovery and im keeping my fingers crossed for you, long live the wyvern king 🐲 👑 💜
As so many others have said, being part of the channel for so long leaves you feeling emotionally attached and even though we don't personally know each other It still hits so very hard. You guys are so tight almost like brothers and the support is the best anyone could ever have. I wish you the best and I hope you make a full recovery. #Thick44FTW 🤞❤
There’s always better days ahead guys!
Can we get Thick tshirts that commemorate his battle with cancer that can both fund the channel and thicks hospital bills?
may the holy father in yeshuas name be with you give your life to him now all of you and i will see there in his kingdom our kingdom with him  al my love to you and yours call upon him hes waiting for you to do so hurry time is short very short
prayers for you thick44
<3
Good stuff.  Shout outs to Prevent Cancer Foundation. With such a large community, you should back them with your own charity stream, and/or AGDQ charity speedrun marathon, its SGDQ starts on 4th July, for Doctors without Borders. Just tuning in helps out.
He's Thick 44!!!!!!
You bloody twitch/YouTube fkers with too much money help a person that’s never asked thick44 baby. I’m 32 with fk all money but I’m donating won’t be much but I hope it helps. P.s no name and WTF America medical care op not
Give em hell Thick! Glad you're doing well,keep it up man.
SO GLAD YOUR ALRIGHT THICK!!!!!!!!
It’s official, cancer got itself “THICKED!!!!” It went in unprepared for the Boss Level called THICK44 and cancer got its ass handed to it on  plater! So happy to hear things went will. I am so happy you are on the road to recovery. Your a Champ.
There has to be  a t-shirt for this!!
I vote to change Neebs Gaming Coffee to MAVERICK Coffee
Thick is a warrior!!! He will overcome this😤
I'm glad to hear you're fine... lovely greetings from Germany!  U are a real warrior. Thick44, now you know who thick'd the cancer 💪
I keep praying for you and I'm happy that you are alright bro!!!!!!!!
Glad it's gone well for you Thick & all the best for everything going forward!
So happy your ok me and the wife love you bro !!!!
My wife and I love you guy's! We've been praying for you thick and hope you get to be 100% soon. It's a good thing you didn't let that tumor thick you
Thick looks like a rugged Adam Levin
Glad they caught it quick. Lot of guys would have ignored it and not got checked out. Your Thick44.....YOUR EVRYBODY.
Great to have you back maverick. Time for you to kick cancers a**. We all love you znd and are here for you.
Prayers broham you seem to be in good spirits. Be well Thick.
You’ve got this human man warrior!!!!
Glad you're still here dude 💜
I'm glad you didn't get an accidental lobotomy. We don't need another Neebs.
Happy to hear all the positivity!!  🎉 way to overcome Thick!!  It’s cancerous so keep staying healthy and I’ll keep rooting for ya !!  Maverick stickers for everybody 👨‍⚕️
Boomer's always said electronics would rot your brain; leaning heads against microwaves, pressing eye-balls to the TV, laying hot laptops on the chest, inches away from a cell-phone, talking to Alexa, with wireless earbuds and asmr, downwind from a nuclear plant treated with herbicides and pesticides: at least it wasn't something unexplainable like a sapling-tree-seed growing roots into your sinus.
surprised he did wake up with " I'M THE JUGGERNAUT B%$#@!" and went running out the room.
NEEBSANITE DORASOAR APPSROHYDRO SIMONDIAMOND THICK44
Brain cancer? That a big bag or a little bag problem? Seriously though, Thick, glad you're doing so well!
Wishing you all the best Thick44. Keep him strong boys.
You're the man thick....man warrior lol.  Good luck in the recovery thick.
Thick man hope you are on the up and up now and wish you the best.
ANIMATE THICKS BRAIN SURGERY!!! That moment and yall's humor? I need that cartoon in my life!!!  Super glad for good news 👍
Fuck yea think 44 how much u bench human man warrior
You mean the world to us! I hope your girls are doing okay and handling everything as well as can be.
Thick44!
THICK44 IS A HUMAN MAN HE IS A WARRIOR!!!!!!
You're probably drowning in advice and have a plan already. But just in case you're down to take in more of the same: 14 years ago, my 46 year old dad was diagnosed with a brain tumor (an oligodendroglioma). He also underwent surgery; biopsy came back cancerous, 100% chance of regrowth, 5 year life expectancy. He cut out sugar, processed foods, and drastically reduced his carbohydrate intake. He's also a godly man, which (at the very least) helped him weather the emotional storm. He's alive and kicking today. He's never done chemo or radiation, had one additional surgery to remove a small regrowth last year. His doctors tell him his life is a miracle.   I hope this helps.
Here's hoping thick doesn't get another Ark animal killed! If he does then it definitely wasn't the tumor! But still I'm glad he's alright  Cooter and big Shirley watched over him and gave him warmth
So on the 6th we are all having Spaghetti and meatballs watching this surgery
Come on Thick44 you could have found an easier way to get out of the teach Simon open world games series that was planned... Speedy recovery dude....
♥️♥️♥️
Great to have you back champ
All my thoughts and prayers.
We love you Thick! The human man warrior can defeat anything!
We love you thick!
Woohoo🙌 we love ya dude. Good to hear your wee voice!
That's a sigh of relief, glad the surgery went well dude! Speedy recovery bro and hope it's gone for good!  Sending love from the UK 🇬🇧❤
Very happy to hear this.
Maybe get together just in case if you can
I am Canadian and had Cancer in 2018 and it did not cost a cent..........Love you Thick and so happy to hear how well you are doing.........you guys have been my Number 1 channel since you started.
Would this have anything to do with being around computers or headphones you wear during gaming?
Good News Everyone!
Love you bud, take it easy for a little!
Thick u r the heart of neebs gaming. I am praying to all of the gods for ur full recovery.
Glad zo see that there is a probability that BF friend continiouses
I had 30 ataples and 80 stiches
You got this human man warrior! 🙏
Glad thick’s ok 👌 safe recovery
Thick Thick'd cancer!
Wishing you the best of luck thick
Hes out of the hospital! :D
Fuck cancer man, thick’s gonna lick this shit! Keep staying positive brother, we love you.
That's awesome! So glad you're doing well. Wishing you a speedy recovery.
Go Thick
As a Brit I always get spprised when people start talking about health care cost.  I'd be too scared to sick in America, those prices are crazy.
Cant wait to see the video. I got to watch ny brain surgery when i was 6
Glad you are doing well.
That was a thick's thick dick joke!
Godspeed Thick44
The tumor got thick’d
Well he is thick 44/human man warrior.
We love you thick
THICK44 YOU BEAUTIFUL BITCH! So glad you didn't die. LOVE YOU.
You are a maverick, a human man warrior maverick! Good to hear that the surgery went well.
I hope all goes well can't wait to see the return of thick44
happy for you Thick take care
Glad the op went well Thick, wishing you a speedy safe recovery 🙏🏻👊🏻✌🏻
Great to hear everything is going well for you! Stay strong brotha!! HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!!!!
yaaaaay boooooo but good to have you back
Now if you could help support my boss's go fund me, small woman owned business,struggling to make it by after $200,000 surgery,100,000 ransom ware,$20,000 dog surgery and $7600  a month rent and the property management company won't fix our ac unit... the info is on facebook. The pet spot in edwards Colorado,please help anyway you can...they can barely even afford to pay me to work there. Plz help
I gota be honest I lost my dad to that happy to see man living hope nothing else comes. Sorry got fkn tears in these eye things n snot bubble
Can you charge the hospital for using you as a case study. Just be like hey I let you use me and your forgot my bills 😅
Pepperidge farm remembers @4:55
Thank god thick is good. But ill still hope that it doesn't come back and he kicks the cancers ass to were it runs away scared and never comes back
The tumor got thick'd!
Stay strong brother. You got this.
Yay! Good to hear everything went well thick, and good luck on the rest of it. Btw the thumbnail looks like you got kicked in the head by a horse… ouch lol
Gosh dang man I'm becoming my mom more and more everyday because I cry about almost everything now. And this video got me, I'm glad everything is alright right now
Congrats Thick!  Anyone else feel obligated to change their tribe shirt order?
Glad to hear it went well ❤
Here is a scary fact: people actually disliked this video.
Keep fighting Thick,  you can do it.  Hoping for a speedy recovery. You’re a survivor
God I'm so glad that everything worked out, sorry to hear it was cancerous.
Thank God your ok thick and at the moment I am typing this I just got done with surgery on my wrist to get a sist removed from it so I feel a kinship with you over that hope you get better thick
He should have popped up and declared that he is the Wyvern King after the surgery freak out the hospital staff!
How much was raised on the gofundme?
Cool man. Figured he'd be OK. As long as the surgery wasn't being performed by a Dr. Argentavis. The wyvern king would be alright.     Is anyone surprised Simon is familiar with the cuisine at the Hospital
Thankfully it didn't turn into a double whams by finding another tumor.  I'm really glad you're doing well Thick!!! Don't let any of the guys finger the wound.
Super glad you're okay thick best wishes to you and yours man!
So much love and healing thoughts sent your way from NorthWestern Ontario, Thick!  You got this! <3
A happy ending. Yay!
Good to know thik is ok
03:43 That's what she said.
Doctor: You have an aggressive cancerous brain tumor. Thick: Oh no. So anyways.
I'm glad everything went well! Just a little disappointed that it wasn't a video about the Neebs team having surgery to get 'thicker', which was my original reason for clicking the video.
Universal healthcare in America is a hill I will die on.
Glad to see you're on the mend man. Best wishes for you, your family and Neebs Gaming Crew
Glad your surgery went well, and your gonna kick the cancers ass
Be careful with this guy seriously. Minecraft for a while. Oh man my heart aches, stay healthy man.
Doctors: alright Thick44 you’ll be ready to leave in 5 days Thick (on day 2): I AM A WARRIOR!!
that's our human man warrior
17:37  Simon!...   you should go back an listen to your job when you miss that day.  Especially when its your co-worker having a tumor in his 🧠
Best news all day.
I just want to say that i’m glad Thick made it out ok.  And that i once got charge 2k for blood pressure and temperature check from an ER.  Lastly… a Neebs gaming Coffee ad is playing as 1 of 2 ads on this.  🤣 watch neebs, get neebs commercials! 😂🤣  Only ad i never skip
Damn...that is an ugly face on that scar. Lol!!   Glad you got some good news from the doc! Hope your not in too much pain Mr. 44
great news! the youtube algorithm thought it would be funny to show on my feed the video “how does thick die” from the battlefield series🥲
What did thick say to the brain tumor  I'm thick "king of wyverns,  you nobody" 🤣love u thick  Love u guys glad u good back to make content glad you ok thick much love from South Africa 💯 ❤️
I'm resigning from the neebs subscription base. I've been down this road.  I've watched brain cancer destroy one of my favorite people in the world.  I've watched pancreatic/hip cancer eat away and destroy my biggest influence as a young adult. I love this channel, but I can't follow another story
Glad you’re doing ok thick!
Noice to hear your voice Thick. Best wishes for the future buddy!!
THICK44 Maverick Warrior.!.!.!   Glad to hear was good news man,, Cheers to you and to more good news down the road
Thick, you take that cancer on an adventure with you. And you THICK the hell out of it!!
Thick the legend! God got you man!
I learned some of this earlier because Glock 'spoiled' it. Glad to hear you're doing well man.
Hope you have a speedy and easy recovery Thick
God the American health system is shit.
Im glad for your recovery! Cancer never should have attacked THICK44 THE HUMAN MAN WARRIOR, CANCER IS NOBODY!!!
Yaaayyy!!  I've been watching old episodes all week as my way to send good vibes to you!  Im so happy you're ok. 😁😁 You rocked it, man.  *Highfives
#Norway Peeps, free healthcare =) We have a yearly MAX sum we have to pay up to, and that is around 350$ and then all over that is totaly free. Good system =) This goes for all citizens in Norway ;)  Good to hear you in good spirit Thick, you are a badass =) Keep your chin up and keep kicking this canser ass =)
Love u thick wishes & hope for u man.
Thick44 is the human man warrior that we all needed!!! That cancer is nobody!!!
Glad they caught in time Thick! Here's to many more years of getting kills and telling people they're nobody!
Hey guys, great to hear that Thick made it through the surgery alright! I am about to come into a wealth of money here soon, and when I do, if you are still dealing with the medical cost of this, please let me know, cause I would like to cover the rest of the medical bills. I can't be certain when I will get the money, most likely within the next month, but when I do, I will pay off the rest of your medical bills. Hope you're recovery stays well and the cancer stays away! Get well Thick!
Been watching you guys ever since battlefield friends you are family now glad you okay brother
Are you okay thick I hope that you are I missed you in neebs videos🥺
All the best Thick! You've got this. Cancer is fucking nobody!!! xx Chucking all the love in our hearts at ya brother. xx Nick n Ryan
Thick! We've been thinking about ya! I can't believe you are out already. Wild. I'm so relieved that they got it all. That is so scary. Reminds us all to appreciate every single day of health we get. Wow.
All you need now is 4 more scars in the shape of two “E’s” a “B”, and “S”.
My fiancee had an astrocytoma tumor on his back/shoulder (more than 1) and scoliosis/kyphosis. He had a halo on for  several weeks before they did his surgeries. They were only able to remove one of the tumors, the other was wrapped around his spinal cord. He also had rods put in from his neck to his lower back.  All before he was 16, now he is 34 and for the most part doing good. He loves watching you game and  he knows what it feels like to be in your shoes. Hope everything gets better for you, good luck.
Thunder storm rolling through Rite meow NW Ohio
That tumor is FUCKEN NOBODY!!! Tumor got Thicked so hard! Awesome to hear the Greatest human man warrior is doing good.
Glad you're doing well bro. Positive thoughts and energy to battle this thing out. ✌ and 💘
Thick lemme tell you the scar looks fucking bad ass! You are in my prayers I’ve been watching you guys for a long ass time and I’m so happy you’re doing okay!
Let’s goooo!!!
How can someone dislike this video?
Congratulations, happy to hear it.
I'd love to see all the streamers who watch needs gaming and who have collaborated do a charity stream. Like a strong gaming community sticking up for each other. Maybe male it a real thing for those well known gamers. Etc etc.
Ok man I gotta tell you this if they have you on percs man do not watch the movie Sausage Party after you take your pain meds. I made that mistake when I had my rotator cuff surgery. I can never look at a hot dog the same again.
👍🏼💪🏼 Way to be Thick! Keep kickin my dude!
Who the HELL thumbs down a Cancer Survivor story?
Welcome back thick! 👏
So glad to hear all the good news after this update. Get well Thick!
THICKKKKKKK
Thick's thighs saves lives
Cheers Thick, prayers still go out to ya that it stays gone my guy. also spoken like a true man, get done with a major surgery first thing you want is a burrito.
Get well soon M8, Greetings from Germany Fella 🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪🇩🇪
Really happy for you thick.  God bless you and your family.
You should ask the hospital for the tumor back, so you can display it on your wall of enemies!  F you tumor!
You go Maverick!
❤❤❤❤ So sorry it's turned out to be something unthinkable. Please, take your time to knock this out.
Awesome news.
Brazil send you good vibes!!!
I think you will play better now got all that stupid stuff out I hope 😁 all the luck and a speedy recovery form me and family from the u.k. 🍺
You’re a great man with some awesome people in your corner… there’s nothing you can’t overcome! You’re a man! You’re a warrior! You’re a human man warrior!
Really glad everything went smooth! 🙏 I expect nothing less from Thick 44 the king of the wyverns!
So happy to hear this! I don't have wifi or cable, just my phone and Neebs Gaming IS my go to entertainment! I literally almost always got you guys playing in the background, I've watched the Ark supercuts literally dozens of times. This tomboy gamer needs her NG family to stay whole! So im so happy to hear that y'all were able to destroy that tumor like IT WAS NOTHING! Cuz you're Thick44! Love you guys 😁👍🖤
I am so happy you are out Thick I am still pissed about kooter.  But so glad you are still here to Thick everyone's day up.   Also I am a Nielsen house I have been ststreaming NeebsGaming non stop. Hopefully you make it to primtime soon.
Glad to hear the surgery went well. good luck with recovery.
The World loves Thick44. Glad it went well and best wishes for the future.
Anytime thick.  Keep the best mind set you can we all behind you buddy.
So glad you are ok!! The channel would never be the same without you!
So glad it went good for you Thick!!! Wishing you well hun. 💗
You got this thick!! Who are you?? *screams "I am thick44, the wyvern king!!"
I’m glad you got on to a case study/clinical trials! My mother had breast cancer which metastasized into Stage 4 Lung cancer. They placed her on a case study for a new treatment and she survived 11 years after that diagnosis! New treatments can be life saving! So stay positive and be glad you didn’t get the wafers since they can cause some side effects! You’ll beat this!
GG's mate
Mmmm, hospital sashimi!
Thick : „FUCK YOU CANCER, I‘M THICK44 !“
Glad to hear you are recovering well Thick44, much love to you and all the Neebs crew. Stay strong you handsome man warrior!
This cancer is gonna get Thicked!
I wonder how much we could raise for Thick’s Dick in Throat Removal surgery? Is that considered cosmetic? Love you guys, and congrats to Thick on the successful surgery. Keep fighting my dude, the NG army has your back!
I just want to know... who are the 18 people that disliked the video... I JUST WANT TO KNOW THATS ALL!..
Thick44: Human. Man. Warrior.
thickeyboi is back ya'all !!
You have a lot of people pulling for you, Thick.  I like the good news.
Thick you got this, bud, I'm praying for you man.
Thick, You and the others have kept me entertained for hours on end with your Battlefield Friends stuff, when I learned you had cancer I couldnt keep nightmares away of hearing that you didnt make it, you are one of the best creators on youtube
Please do an animation of the brain surgery like when Maverick opens his head starts pulling out all kinds of s*** like from Battlefield stuff and 7 Days to Die stuff guitars old enemies that he's killed in the past all kinds of shit in the way before they can get to the tumor please please make that animation
Wishing you the best !!! You're gonna be fine !!!!
Good luck thick. Wishing you the best.
Thick44 is all things now, warrior,  survivor, fighter and superman. I'm so happy that you are doing so well. Much love and support 🤍❤
So happy to hear you're doing well. Glad they caught it quick!
I needed positive news. My grandmother passed away this morning. Wonderful woman who helped my girlfriend and me out when our life hit a wonderful road bump.
GREAT NEWS!! Glad to hear that all went well and Thick is feeling like himself!!
For thick. https://youtu.be/b8VoUYtx0kw
All those years of fuckin having to re-explain shit to simon over and over probably what gave you brain cancer. Im really glad youre recovering.
Hope you have a speedy recovery and we love you man.
I've always disliked thick, But Cancer is also my sworn enemy. So the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
I guess we can now say that Cancer got Thicked! So happy you are doing so well! A True Man Warrior!
Wooooo!
Thick, you should keep some of the money for a jetski, a lazy river, and custom floaty shaped like Nessy (for Dora).  You deserve some fun after going thru all this.  The rest can go to charity.
Good luck Thick cancer sucks best wishes your way man! You're a warrior
Is it only me who gets "how does the Thick die?" video recommended by YouTube?
You're Thick44 and that cancer is nobody!
Hearing your voice made me really happy. Praying for a fast recovery !!
Yes! Awesome! Thank you for following up with the burrito. If you did take that dirt nap, all of us would've been putting burritos on your grave as a sign of respect. Which is awesome but not very good in retrospect. All those rotting burritos........
I'm so glad you're ok Thick! I couldn't imagine losing you!
Good to hear that you are out of the hospital Thick!
I’m glad it went well thicc hope you make an amazing recovery
"Positivity pouring out of everywhere"? Might want to ask your doctor about that... (P.S. - Duke has an amazing cancer facility, and their doctors are top-notch.)
When they said there were no wafers, my first question was “what, they went with saltines instead?”   Glad you’re still with us, Thick.
i can hear it now Im thick44 you're nobody. in all seriousness glad to hear you're doing better :)
So glad the surgery went well! We are all pulling for you. I know you have a guardian wyvern watching over you.
That tumor got thicked  Thicc thick made it through the thick
thank god you ok thick I'm so glad you doing alright thick
glad to hear your ok
They had to Staple him to the table as it was the only way to stop him running off and looting.
I’m so happy that the doctors got that tumor out of you! I wish you a swift recovery, our wishes are with you!
No penis shaped scar but I’m glad ya made it out ok man
Hope all keeps going well for you Thick.
Puts a whole new twist on getting Thicked. Glad your doing great bro beans
My son was home in 3 days be proud man be proud I sure was
Glad u made it bro
As a Canadian, the cost of basic healthcare in the USA blows my mind every time I hear about it.
Well congratulations hope you have a speedy recovery mr thicmms
Hope is all powerful, stay strong Thick we’ll need you for 2042
Fast recovery! Maybe take this down time to start working on that book! “Man Warriors Parental Guide on how to raise Warriors”
Yall should make a cartoon skit of thicc telling his neighbors he's the wasp man 🤣
So glad everything went well, wishing you a speedy recovery 🙏
YAAAAY HES BACK I hope your doing good thick
Thick, make sure to try the sushi at the corner gas station! Fish is better out of a vending machine!
Thick, glad the surgery was a success, praying for you. I need years and years more of Neebs gaming
Glad everything went well and I hope the recovery goes fast.
Hospital crab cakes will put you right back in surgery! Lol
Glad to hear the surgery went good! Still praying for you guys every day
Be ok bud!!!! Wishing you well!!!!
Glad youre ok brother, hope youre smokin tons of weed too, its anti-tumor properties are great but its also a nice pillow to fall on. lol Cheers bro
its good to see you ok thick
Thick has emotions now, other than anger, frustration and roid rage?! He's ruined. They ruined him. Neebs Gaming will never be the same.
THICK 44 HUMAN MAN WARRIOR! CANCER TUMOR IS NOBODY! but seriously been praying for you and your family.
Go Thick!!!!! 👍🏼👍🏼💯🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
You better not redeploy on us before 2042 goes hot, Thick!  Stay strong, stay healthy, and stay safe!
Glad to hear youre doing well thick!!! The wyvern king returns!!
Tumor got Thick'd! Get well soon brother.
Hope you feel better I bet that was scary man warrior.
ALL HAIL THE WYVERN KING!!!
Ask for itemized bills!! And Negotiate the shit out of them!!!!
THICK almost got Thicked right? Good luck Thick and the power of will can mend minds! You got this bro!(XIII)
Yay, Thick is Alive!!!!
He kicked cancers ass, so so glad everything is going well! Very inspiring how he handled it and his closest friends and family kept him going too. Hope for a speedy recovery Thick!!
Thick: Eh it was just a tumor. I got wyverns to tame & people to GET THICKED!
whoever disliked this is probably a shitheel!
So glad to know it went well!!
Julio
Huge hugs and best wishes Thick! I think you guys should make a shirt with Thick Yelling "You are nobody Cancer!" with cancer in the cross hair of his scope on his sniper rifle. And then send all proceeds to a cancer research donation. I would support that! Get well like the Human Man Warrior you are!
Get well Thick! God bless!
Yay, thick is out and alive (ish).
Hope all is well thick44
We love neebs gaming we love you thick glad all is well
that donation of 5000 i saw on go found me made my eyes watery  im so happy to be part of neebs gaming family and so many amazing people who cares about other humans man warriors !
I found you guys when I was in the hospital for testicular cancer! They found it after I got into a car accident when I was 19! I'm so glad to hear your surgery went well 🙏
Glad surgery went well and you are ok!!! Hope you have a speedy recovery!
Now we can officially call you a crackhead ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Woohoo! Welcome back Thicc!
HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!
Speedy recovery thicc. Glad everything went well
So happy to hear your voice Thick, you've got this buddy!
Fucking great news! So happy to hear the surgery went well! ❤️
Thick 44 me and my GF watch Neebs gaming all the time and you and Dora are her favorite we hope everything goes well You got this MRI Man
Something is wrong with the merch website,,,,, :(
Dick jokes are always great. 👌
Avoid toxins Breathe deep, oxygen kills cancer cells. Avoiding refined sugar starves cancers.
You got this thick
American Health care system is mental!
That tumor got Thicked!
Dude was all about that damn burrito he missed out on.
ALL HAIL THE WYVERN KING
Now THAT is a cool scar. Long live that sweet ass!
Anyone know what type of cancer?
Love you thick
Well there was good news and there's bad news there's my four-year-old cousin can beat stage 4 kidney cancer you can beat this
Thick44 is the Human Man Warrior that tumor WAS nobody!!
lets goooo u made it out of it fine
It seems like the US medical industry and medical insurance industry conspire to create those insane costs. There is no way that the insurance pays the costs that the hospitals threaten the patients with, but with that threat the insurance is pretty much mandatory and can charge whatever they want. Both industries make obscene profits, neither care about actual health care.
We need a Cancer is about to get Thicked T-shirt.
WOOT WOOT back to gaming and music no excuses tumor what tumor
Congratulations, hope everything continues in this vein.
God damn do I love you guys.
That was fast, much love and positive energy, heal up buddy and enjoy the life you deserve
As someone who’s had serious brain cancer it can go either way but the fact that they got it so quick you have really less to worry about
Glad thick is keeping positive.  It's easy to think the worst...... thick that stuff.....thick.
Get well thick
THE WYVREN KING FLIES AGAIN!!!! Wishing you a speedy recovery m8 and keep  being your awesome self. XD
Welcome Back Thick. Glad to hear you are doing well. Keep staying Strong
Hoping you a speedy recovery and good health! So excited to have heard this wonderful news.
I've really been thinking about your surgery all last week. Glad to have this update. Speedy recovery Thick!
it makes me really happy that Your recovering fast
The Human Man Warrior Cannot Be Taken Down!
I'm glad the operation went well
A couple of years ago i had PRS surgery (Penile Reduction Surgery) and it left a nasty scar initially. But, after a year or so of rubbing lotion on it for 20 minutes a day, you can barely notice where the 15 staples were. Glad you're O.K. Thick44!
How big is the scar on your shaved head?
Great to hear you so upbeat!.
Robo cop lmao DORA
Thick.  . . You should investigate NovaCure. The only nonsurgical, nonradiological, nonchecmical way to treat cancer. Basically it's a electromagnetic array that inhibits cancer cell reproduction.  The only requirement is you have to be bald.
Can you believe this guy?! ;) Man so happy you’re back; everybody is with you! Take care of yourself, plenty of good vibes sent to you!
Glad to hear everything is going well, look forward to many more hours of episodes of you guys
Hope you recover well and hope things go well for you thick
Great news!  Here's hoping for a swift recovery and a ruthless, mercy-free treatment of what remains of any cancer.  You've got this, Thick.
continued prayers for your complete recovery. much love for ya man
Amazing, sending positive vibes
That "sweet ass" is the key to beating this thing!😂❤👍
Glad it went well hope this is the end of it, also never eat sea food from a hospital, lol.
Glad you didn’t get Thick’d…Thick
Im glad you guys are keeping the posivity
It sucks you arent out of the woods yet, but I know if anyone can kick cancer's ass, its THICK44!
Best wishes, praying for your safe recovery.
My mom beat cancer 4 times because she was surrounded by people she loved and who loved her and she never showed signs of defeat! Stay positive you got this Thick. To Cancer "YOU'RE NOBODY!".
Your thick 44 you'll push through this🙌🏽🙏🏽💪🏽 #dragonking
Thick I love you man. I’m glad you’re doing good
Thick 44 does not get killed, he simply gets kills…
I’m so glad you went in when you did. Thank god , thank goodness, im so happy. I hope it’s over it’s done
I’m happy for you thick!! You finally got your burrito!
Love and prayers for you and a speedy recovery! ❤️❤️❤️
That is great to hear Thick I’m glad everything went well I’m going to keep you in my prayers. Keep on fighting Thick 44
Where is Appsro? I haven't watched any content in 3 years.
Best news I could have heard today. Glad ur well Thick
Thick the human man warrior fights tumor and wins 🥇
Glad to hear you are being so positive. Keep it up man. You bring so much enjoyment and laughter to the channel and I can't think of a stronger human man warrior to tackle the challenges that lie ahead. Show cancer that Their Nobody!
The slurring joke Dora hahah.   Thick you got this!
Yeah, that is great to here.  The Neebs family continues I love you guys. I got to say it. You didn't get thicked.
Hey kiddo AL KIDDING ASIDE. "IM GLAD YOUR DOING GREAT"
Congrats!! Happy recovery!!!
Good luck man we are with you!
That's a real man
Long live the Wyvern King!
Hang in there brother,  we love you
Years ago I had to spend a few weeks in the local county jail and they made THE BEST sloppy joes that have ever existed, I'll never forget!
I had 3 surgeries on my knee in the past month, first two were a septic staph infection, and the third was to get it out of my femur bone. Ive been wishing i could walk and now im wishing i had a burrito. Thanks thick
There are several research treatments out there, using other live viruses too mRNA  vaccines (yes vaccines).
~Thick goes into "experimental brain testing*~ Thick becomes patient zero of the zombie apocalypse
Good to hear.  Glad recovery looks good too.  Take care God bless.
So glad to hear your doing well~!~!
Thick44 will destroy! Keep it warrior mode woot!
Was this done at MUSC?  I'm in Charleston and I work for MUSC.  I don't even eat the food there LOL!
so happy to know itwas a success   great job crab cake hospital
Hope you have better luck getting your voice back to normal than I did.  I had surgery last year and it took 4 months for me to sound normal when the doctors told me it would only take a week or so.  Glad you are feeling better and hope you do not have to worry about anything like this again.
I’m so happy the hear you all together again and Thick, you sound amazing!
Never had any doubt
"Dammit, Thick! I'm a doctor, not a chef! XD
Good job thick were proud of you
Brain surgery. Thick 1 nature 0
I am so glad that everything went well brother and may you have a speedily recovery Thick. God Bless you all. You are the best gaming channel. You are all awesome people.. I would like to be part of a group of friends like you any day :)
Thank God! Thank the professional and specialists for their hard work! 😭
Holy shit I used to watch you guys every day religiously for years but got caught up in life lately I had no idea this was going on. So glad the procedures went well ❤
Get well Thick
I was waiting nervously every day for this video. Glad you’re ok Thick.
You got this man, you got this! Rock it!
It is so great that you caught it this early. You'll be fine and definitely come out stronger
TUMOR YOUR NOBODY
I'm going threw a lot myself as well, so I give you my love and prayers..... Love you... And I just discovered you guys. Get well thick
Thick is gonna be fine. He is Thick 44, cancer is nobody to him.
Poke the soft spot! <3 glad you are feeling good thickens, hopefully it comes back as you are awesome!
Positive Vibes!!!!!
Good to hear it went all good hoop you have good recovery brother
I'm so glad you are ok, I love watching your videos.
Pulling for ya, Thick... and not just my salami... but yeah, that too
Glad to here you fucked this thing up thick! I hope the recovery goes amazingly for ya
I've watched every video and when he announced he was going into surgery oh man it was like hearing a close friend was sick. I'm so happy to hear him outside of surgery and looking forward to Thick doing what he does best and getting this tumor and cancer Thick'd!!!!
Awesome news 🤗
So glad your doing well if anyone can beat this its the mighty Thick44
Okay good
Simon comes across very ignorant considering the severity of the situation.
Wow, after having such a bad day today, seeing this has genuinely cheered me up and made my day! Glad to hear you managed to enjoy a Burrito
Thick looks like a guy you wouldn’t want to mess with
Like I said!  Your thick 44!  Cancer is nobody!
so glad things are looking good. keep healing. stay strong.
Can I ask what made you realize you needed a scan? To find that news out?
Gg no re
"HOW BIG WAS IT?"  Hope you're good and you recover asap
Holy shit... Thick killed cancer.
The steak lord has returned
I am sorry to hear it was cancerous but I wish you the best and hope it doesnt come back. Thank goodness you made it out okay.
What 15 goons disliked this? Get outta here.
that’s awesome as thick44, keep playing strong 💪
When we were at the hospital with my mom in Florida, I got a burger there.   Now, it's a small hospital. Not in a major city or anything.  Small enough they made my burger to order in front of me. And damn was that the best burger I've ever had lol!!
its funny how this happend shortly after getting covid shots!
If your pathology report comes back with Glioblastoma on it, you need to bust out the bucket list.
The tumor thought it was somebody
Thank fuuuuu...er.. thank God. Good news. We love you Thick,Human Man Warrior! X
Thick shall now be a lab rat.  Maverick the lab rat.
That tumor got Thick'd
So wonderful you came through and in such good spirits. Here's to good news from pathology and telling cancer its nobody and your Think44. Love you.
punished thick, a man denied his dub
Speedy recovery for you brotha! Love from the neebs gaming family! ❤
So so happy to hear your voice Thick! I’ve been praying and thinking about you! I hope you have a speedy recovery!!!
Seriously EA wanted you to instantly play again?
Thick you sound like Bryan callen from the fighter and the kid podcast.
So the put a TUGS in your head to map out your brain.  The amount of brotherly love you guys have is awesome with your back and forth banter.
So happy to hear the great news Thick, wishing you a speedy full recovery, ain’t nothing to it but to do it! 💪
"Just try to send me to Hell cause I'm coming right back and I'm bringing Hell with me". You kick that damn tumours ass Thick!
Will we be seeing a new animated character in content named Maverick.
I'm so happy you're doing okay, keep being positive
Glad you made out ok Thick!!!!  Is it to soon to say you got thicked?
YOURE NOTHING TUMOR, YOURE NOBODY!
So glad everything worked out, we're gonna get a lot more years together with the entire neebs family
im so happy thick whent and got it checked up on and removed when he did
Are you going to animate a day in the life of Dr. Brown or something?  That would be great!
Man warrior!
Cancer couldn’t handle the Wyvern King!!! He is THICK44!!!!!!!! 🤗🤗🤗🤗💜💜💜
So glad to hear the surgery went well. Hoping for the best. Keep kicking ass!! Love you guys
Glad Thick is on the mends. I think it was John Oliver I saw doing some healthcare piece and he mentioned this little girl who got a tumor removed, cost some 325,000$. It's fucking absurd.
How the fuck y'all gonna dislike someone getting a tumor out of their head
I'm so happy everything is going well!!!!  You've got this Thick, and I think we've got you!!
So thick isn't going to get thick'd that's great
Fuck yeah Thick44 the Warrior, the Wyvern King!!
It's good to hear the operation went well, keep positive and everything will work out I'm sure. Best wishes to you and your family.
Glad to hear you’re doing well Thick! Hope that there is more good news in the near future!
Hope everything goes well thick, I hope everything goes well and it’s just a easy road from here
Glad you caught it early man! I was at Vanderbilt all last month for a Mass they found behind my heart. Caught it early, hurts like hell, but we all good now. Thank God! And I’ll be praying for you and your family man!
All your gaming family is here for you Thick!!
Soooo.... Does the cancer get a shirt too????
I think hospital food is like that cause I assume they spend more of their money on equipment and tools to help take care of their patients so I think hospital food should be the least of a patients worries but thick it’s glad to you are doing awesome I’ve got faith in you
Thankful the surgery was a success, praying for you in the next steps Thick!!
Just realized that thick looks like a budget, Jason statham
Sounds like the tumor got Thicked...
Get well soon Thick
I'd get a brain tumor if I had to work with Simon for long periods of time.
Glad you all good man wish you well
Yes! Thick made it, that’s great! ….. I don’t have to unsubscribe!
Sooo thick nearly got thick'd by thick? That's some meta shit right there.
You go girl!
Glad you are ok! We’re here for you, whatever you need! #thickstrong
So glad your doing well and maintained the humor
So glad to hear the good news thick! You as always are a badass, best wishes dude!
Get well. Kick ass
Glad you are home and doing great!!
Im glad your doing great Thick! Im glad to hear that your up and moving. 😭😭😭 Sorry. Im emotional.
I'm happy to here is going good and the surgery went good
Thickkkkkkk! So glad to hear your voice.
Congratulations on your new scalp flap!  Power on, Human Warrior.
So glad to here everything went well
Hes thick44, notch this down as another kill!! way to go dude!!
yay Thick44 beating the tumor.  have you and the rest of the neebs gaming gang tried Green Hell?
Glad your ok thick
long live the wyvern king!!
Thank goodness it went well. Don’t know if I was gonna be okay if it didn’t.
Thicks Noggin too Thick!  Well done mate!  Speedy Recovery take it slow.
Sending good vibes your way, Thick.  You've got an awesome support team and a legion sending you healing vibes.
Happy to see your ok Thick.. welcome back
Dude! I'm glad everything went good! That's so badass! Be praying for you man.
😭 bro I don't give a f*** I'm still scared. I'm thankful you had a skilled surgeon and still f***** up they charge people for that kind of surgery.
God bless, happy to see Thick44 is doing ok!
We hope for a quick recovery
#TeamThick44
In before the clip they post is just the brain surgery from Master and Commander.
These bo burn ham songs are on repeat in my head and on my Spotify
Yeah
THAT TUMOR WAS NOBODY YOU'RE THICK44
Best wishes Thick!  Simon get with it and watch the first vid!.....#whatsawafer
My niece had cancer and she's only seven. She's been in our hospital for 3 years
Very happy to see that he not only pulled through with very little issues, but he also seems to be in great spirits. Stay positive Thick and keep making steak videos with the slutty olive oil!
Well at least we know why he was always getting people thick’d
I'm glad that I got to watch this during my lunch break. Happy to hear everything went smoothly and going well.
Wishing you a happy recovery dude!
Glad your out of the hospital,  stay positive thick we all got your back
Now go back and eat that burrito!
So glad you made it thru and wishing you great health in the future.
Glad to hear I hope the road to recovery is a smooth one for you.   you guys brought me joy and I'm happy to hear you guys are doing okay and even happier to know that the surgery went well
I’m glad everything went fine thick go get you a burrito you deserve it
So happy to hear, that you are okay Thick... I wish you a speedy recovery :D
SO HAPPY TO HEAR YOUR VOICE THICK!
Im glad to hear your voice and personality.. I was afraid that now they remove a part of your "brain" and you turned to another Simon. :)  Your voice sounds weak, but this is "normal" i think. I had 5 surgeries, and i had problems with my throat because of the tubest, and same was my father's after every cancer surgery... So i think i have an idea what are you feeling right now phisycally.  Keep it up Thick, don't get be tumored!  Hearing that amount of money is bullshit to me. I live in europe, and i never had to pay to medical threatments except some pills my expensive ones cost me an hour of work money.
So glad you’re back thick! It’s good to hear your voice! I’m from Germany and I watch your guys vids every free second I get!! Hope you have a good and speedy recovery ❤️‍🩹
@neebsgaming so I noticed you guys while ending the minecraft series you guys neglected to grab the ender dragon egg. That's a big boon on your part because its a collectible you can collect after slaying the ender dragon.
Glad to hear everything is working out. But still I can’t help but notice, even when the conversation is about brain cancer and tumors you guys still find a way to talk about food.
Battlefield friends don't die to cancer, then die to nooB
Thank God you're OK! The wife and I are in your corner. Stay strong and positive buddy.
The legend returns
Glad all has went well and gods speed in the rest of ur recovering
Glad surgery went good man keep going strong wyvern king!!!!
So glad ur ok thick
So glad that you are doing good and amazed that you are home as quick as you are.  You will stay in my thoughts until we hear the words "Cancer Free".  I know what it means to hear those sweet sweet words.  Got to hear them from my dad.  Love ya and so happy!  *HUGS*
You got this maverick!
Congrats thick👏👏👏👏👏. I just have one request after your recovery please begin ark genesis gameplay
Get well soon. Wish you the best
Hopefully the doctors dont get Thicked
Why is it on sixth thats the day of my mothers birth but so glad that ur safe thick
So good to hear the surgery went well.
Keep at it Thick, you got this man.
Maverick: *takes a drag from cigarette* we got the tumor Doc brown: you wrecked 5 squad cars! I'm glad you're doing good thick 44 you warrior. I hope everything goes perfect and smooth going forward! You get kills and now you are gonna thick this cancer and show it how you roll! I hope chemo goes well too!
Words can't describe how glad I am that thick is okay, couldn't bear to lose another content creator
Get well soon
you got it out yayyyy
All the best buddy!
Glad your out buddy! Let’s beat this thing!
Now that the tumor is off of Thick's brain, maybe his abnormal wyvern obsession will go away 👀 but in all seriousness I'm glad you're well Thick! Here's to a smooth full recovery!
Man Thick thats awesome news. Thank God for being there for you. Also the Neebs Gaming Family. Deon Cuzzy Botes. South Africa
So glad it went well! We are still praying for you Thick!!
Thanks for the update guys. Thick, I ain't one for religious mushy stuff but there was definitely a prayer going out for your recovery and safety. Wyvern King 4 Life.
My name is Thick 45! You're nobody! Close enough! Glad you made it!
My aunt got dizzy, blurred vision, and her motor skills were a bit off. Six months later she was gone. Brain tumor. Glad you got it early and hope you have a long happy life.
Will there be a go fund me for medical bills? I would like to send something if this is needed.
<3 Thank god. I hope it's all clear from here <3
Awesome too hear your going well!! Thanks for giving us the update and keeping the dark humor with each other, gotta laugh to get through life. Sad though the tumor was your man gland and now your pumpkin spice latte is coming out lol!! Dont you got Kaylyn Jenner on us now lol. Keep up the fight Thick.
Glad everything went well. Thick44 4 p.o.n.g. president of neebs gaming.
Thick walks outside of his house and says Did you see the size of those chickens
Git well man may GOD BLESS
great to here everything went well and that they think youll be alright. been watching bffs since i was a teenager, was super worried about you
Of course you're gonna kick it's ass...You're Thick 44!!!!
I guess you could say that he’s a not as THICK anymore.
Thick44 "YOUR NOBODY"!!!!!!
I’ve had a shit day and this just made it the best day this week. So fucking happy you’re okay.
Glad you made it home brother,Get well soon and keep on Thick'ing lol
So happy to hear it went well fingers are still crossed for yah love ya boss
So glad everything went well and I hope it stays that way for you thick :)
Keep kicking ass thick
Everything will be ok, everything will go back to normal Thick and NeebsGaming Crew. Awesome positive vibes from everybody, just amazing !! :) BTW, i wanna see that footage, i´m a MD so for me is just knowledge.
Yay! The Recon is ok! *cue the BFF’s theme song*
Thick44, you are the man warrior. We knew that tumor didn’t have a chance. Glad you kicked it’s ass!
I'm happy to see you're planning on donating residual funds (if there are any) to a charity. Children's Miracle Network is one I can recommend. They provide money for medical treatment for children whose parents can't afford medical bills.
great to here all went well :)
I am just soooooo happy that your ok thick, i hope you have a fast recovery
Hope you get well thick ♡
I am so happy  for you. Love you man. Now a speedy recovery!!!
Thick , so glad your feeling better. Wishing you all the best.
Well done, love to you and your family bro
That is the way to write off medical care...
Ayo! Can we get some motha freakin shirts to support thick, please?
That is the way to write off medical care...
Awesome they got it out Boo it's Cancer Radiation therapy so we will have Thick Hulk
Nice to hear the prognosis is good, Thick. Here's hoping that everything else going forward goes as smoothly as possible.
You literally "Thicked" cancer, man   you are a warrior. so glad you are good dude.
glad the surgery went well, now time to fight this thing. Good luck and I wish you all the best for you and your family.
Get well soon and I'm happy to say that cancer got Thick'd
OH MY GOD THICK!  Ever since my brain surgery back in 2004, I choke up at the most basic things!  Prior, I never teared up, even.
The dislikes are from those types of people who do evil within the world
I'm glad you're OK thick my Uncle had a brain tumor and passed away from a brain tumor brain tumor glad you're ok great for you
so nice to hear the joy in everyones voice.
thick just thick the cancer you got this
Great to hear your voice man!
You got this, Thick!
My friends and I have been watching you guys since battlefield friends. We where very saddened to hear that you had a tumor. All of you guys are the best friends we have never known. Our prayers and thoughts are with you always. Hang in there, fight on and we are sure you will win.  See you on the battlefield:)
Glad your doin so well Thick. Hope that trend continues. Be vigilant and stay healthy.
My brother passed from a brain tumor. Im praying for buddy.
You are in our prayers and thought Thick. You’re a warrior sir!
I think they want to try a form of gene therapy on thick44 instead of radiation therapy. Here a link to an article on gene therapy for cancer. https://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/gene-therapy/about/pac-20384619
I am glad you are ok and thank you  god and god bless you neebs and get some yes
Glad your ok, so we get to hear your dulcet tones again
Im glad your ok...get well soon. This channel would suck ass without you. 😁
Thick's scar looks like the same as the scar on the character Landis from the original planet of the apes after he has had a lobotomy.
i am 11
👌👍
who the F*** has dislikes about someone getting out of surgery removing an aggressive brain tumor with good results? are you even human?  have  a good recovery thick.
Soon we'll be able to say that the tumor has been "thicked". Glad to hear the surgery went well. Best wishes and a speedy recovery to ya, Maverick!
Keeping you all in my prayers. You got this. You also have a great support system😊
Glad to hear everything went well.
Good friends are those that will come visit you in the hospital. Great friends are those that will make dick jokes at your expense after fucking brain surgery.  You guys are a fantastic team. Never change.
“I’m a warrior!”  -Thick44
Hope your surgery recovers soon bro, i think it would have hit us all hard if anything happened to you
When are the rest getting their heads examined?  Glad you're good Thicc.
He's alive! Right now, I am going to say what Thick could have said: "Hey Mr. Tumor-In-My-Brain, I got news for you mister! Wanna know what is it? YOU'RE NOBODY!"
glad to hear all is OK, speedy recovery man x
Thick looking like a hardened criminal.
Love u all good luck thick
Thicks Brain picture Leaked
This is the best worst news of the decade ....so glad you didnt get thicked by the docs.thots are with you and your family.you got this 44
I had a artery removed from my brain 🧠 that exploded . I feel your pain thick
So glad to hear it’s gone well so far.
When u woke back up, did u tell the dr "I'M THICK44!!!!"? Glad to see u doin good bro. Well wishes on the recovery
Wouldn’t be the same without Thick44
Best of luck my friend hopefully you’ll be a little less thick headed from now on
So glad to hear thick is okay.
Glad it went well Thick, but no wafers? I was hoping for some cookie on the brain jokes.
welcome back  to the family thick good to hear everything went well and crab cakes lol
YAY!!!! <3 <3 <3 :D <3 <3 <3 <3 :3
F u tumor......I'm thick44
We are here for the long haul and will be with you in the fight! Love you, Thick!
I wish you the best my mom had breast cancer and if she beat it you can beat this too
Good just keep on it I'm glad you caught it early when my mom was diagnosed she was only around for a little over 6 months after. Aggressive can't even cut it close with how fast and nasty it is, just test your motor function and memory constantly and if something seems off let your doctor know asap
It's good to hear your voice Thick!!! Keep fighting and fuck this cancer up!!!!
Hopefully everything goes well
Happy for you, long may it continue
Sending love
Glad you are well thick . Next good tame has to be named maverick. My tribe will name a baby rex maverick in you're honor!!
Imagine if he did get to keep the tumor in a jar. Put it on a pedestal and surround it with pictures of middle-fingers and pics of Thick yelling “YOU’RE NOTHING!!! YOU’RE NOBODY!!!!!”
I knew Thick would pull through, cause Thick44 is a Warrior and the Wyvern King. Safe recovery Thick!! Glad you are back.
Thank god your ok thick hope it isn’t cancer and you will get passed it and you kick but in your games you play love you all at neebs gaming
Another hole in the head expression comes to mind
Congratulations man hope you recover fully and never have to go through anything like this again  Ps thick ur my favourite from the neebs gaming group lol
god save you thick and take care your recover
So happy to hear that everything went well and it was caught in the early stage! All of you are so great!
Hang tough brother! Prayers and good vibes  your way!
Thick sounds back to normal plugging humble brags about the doctor complimenting his fitness and how quickly he left the hospital haha. Glad it all worked out, now take him camping! #hospitalcrabcakes
So GREAT hearing Thicks cheerful voice, thank you guys for finally coming out with such an important video, keep up the GREAT work and Thick44 get your ass better soon, love you all...
Thick you're an inspiration
happy to hear that !
that tumor just got thicked, nothing stops the superhuman man warrior
I’m glad everything is good man glad every one staying positive
I wish y’all used face cammmmssss
Yessss Chief! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
You got this!!!100%
Praise the lord guys stay stony thick you got this
Thick proving once again how much of a fucking warrior he is, glad your doing great man!
Wish you peace of mind, health and strength thick !
I found your guys channel 4 and a half years ago sitting in a chemo chair you got this all day man
So thankful everything is alright 😁😁😁🙏🙏🙏
Glad to hear you are doing good.
Great news, 👍.  So happy  for u Thick x
Im happy evening went well
Criminal is exactly the word for our healthcare system
Those were some good doctors. I've heard he has a Thick head.
Thicks Tuma got thicked.
The plot twist is thats not the real thick 44  but a evil clone.
Love you guys glad it went good
Staples are made from 100% surgical grade stainless steel.
Thick has emotions now....   👀🥸
$7000 for a hospital visit, showing off americas prime health care system
Love some thick
The tumor got thicked
DUDE!  We are so happy you got through it!    F that damn tumor!  Take it to 7DTD and get Simon to drive the jeep over it!
Yayy!! Thick is the true  human man warrior wyvern king!! Sooo happy Thick is all good 👍
Day
Early detection is always good but here's something most don't realize: "aggressive" is a scary word but faster growing cancers are usually more responsive to treatment than slower ones.
Who all is now searching for the wasp nest guy video?
Hey Tumor ......im THICK44....YOUR NOTHING
Who disliked the vid?
We care deeply about each individual one of you Neebs Gaming crew, Thick, Appsro, Neebs, Simon, Ada, Anthony, ALL of you, smooches!
This needs something more than a "LIKE" button! He IS THICK44!!!
From the UK,get well  soon Thick.
Jesus so happy you’re okay man
yay
LOVE YOU THICK. KISSSES, MWAH.
You guys wap nest
So no dick shape scar then shame.... jk glad everything went well mate
The wyvern king beats another boss. That cancer is nothing you're Thick44!  Has the surgery managed to make you taller though?
i am happy for  he is still ALIVE
Had a simple slap repair on my shoulder... $20k.
Freaking awesome to hear your voice, bro!!! Thank God we have amazing docs to take care of us!!! Welcome back!!!
Keep kicking ass Thick!
we love you Thick
So happy to hear that you got through the surgery well Thick. You have a fighting spirit and I'm certain you will beat this. Best wishes and keep smiling. Love how the guys have been so supportive. Love you all x
@Thick44 didn't get thicked :))) yeay
Speedy recovery. You can beat this Thick.   You have your family, friends and the whole community behind you.
Good to see you made it through it man
Achievement unlocked, killed a tumor- ultra rare 1%
Thick:  I just had brain surgery.   Everyone:  It's about.time  😂
Oh my God you know you can't kill the thick44  yeah fuck that tumor
Don't make practical jokes about it! I recently started having seizures... made some practical jokes about it.... then I had more....
Hearing Thick’s voice took a weight off my shoulders. Happy mans is good and hoping for the best recovery
Si glad to hear you are doing good Thick..... all the best from Germany
Start drinking reishi tea, and cordyceps, lions mane for the brain. These mushrooms can turn your health around
Good thing he wasn't too *thick* headed and they cut thru his skull.   Prayers for continued health and recovery.
Very happy that everything went great with the surgery, Thick!
Its so crazy how attached you can get to people you have never met! Some of my own family could get a huge brain tumor, and I wouldn't have been as worried and sad to hear it, but for some reason, a member of needs gaming having this kind of issue can shake my soul! Much love thick44, we are all here for you!
How the does this video / podcast update get 13 👎🏻???? 🙄
That tumor has officially been “Thicked”.
Who would dislike this video
Hell yeah.
Yea thick didn't get thicked 👍
Petition to name the tumor “tum44”
Good luck on the recovery fella, I can't get over the cost of healthcare in the US though!
THICK. THE HUMAN-MAN WARRIOR
positive thought to thick keep getting beter sir.
Bro thick is one handsome dude
Glad to hear everything went well.
So happy everything went well with the surgery Thick. Sorry to hear that it was cancerous but really glad they caught it early, gives you a better chance to beat it.
Glad your recovering well.  Seriously America, sort your healthcare system out.
Love u man, im so glad the surgery was a success. Please check out the positive benefits of CBD.
I told God that if anything happened to you, then I would walk from Bullhead city Arizona, to Wilmington North Carolina. And whatever monies are raised, would go to you’re family….
So happy that you got through the surgery, take it one step at a time and keep fighting man
Are we opposed to the tumor themed shirts and tanks? I would love a "youre nobody tumor" and someone mentioned a "thick headed"
Thick you are one person I TRUELY know who actually caught and got all of the cancer taken out early and I had 2 people in my life die from cancer. You kicked the cancers ass!! Keep makin great content you guys!!
thank you for all the crazy and cool video's....Thick sending healing thought's and prayers #thickkickscancersbutt  you got this
My only question going into this video is: If Thick ask them, may he keep the thing they cut out of his head? Other than that I'm just happy that he seems okey.
So glad to hear it went so well!  Here's to a speedy recovery Thick!
Glad to hear our powerful Wyvern King Man Warrior is doing great! Keep on being strong my dude! 🤟😎
yay!!! Thicks gonna be ok and he'll continue getting more kills and bringin the laughs , hope you have a healthier future
I'm feeling really ripped off now!  NO WAFERS!  Unfollow.  Lame!  Guess I still glad your okay but what a fucking letdown!
My uncle passed away about 4 years ago from brain cancer and it’s no joke but keep your mind positive and moving forward. When my mom went through breast cancer they flat out told her that if you worry and think you are going to die then you will. You have a very strong support group around you and from the sounds of it have the right mindset. Keep fighting and hopefully the treatment moving forward goes smoothly and quickly.
Glad to hear things went well!!!!  We love you Thick!!!!!
So glad you're doing well Thick, but we do indeed have more too go, and we're here for you bud. This always makes me laugh because of thicks reaction https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAsAdhO77rQ from 3:04-3:11
F*ck cancer and may we all be thicked in our gaming. THICK44, I AM HUMAN, I AM A HUMAN MALE, I AM THICK44
Yay thick 44🌻🌻👍👍
Welcome back Thick! Fuck tumors!
That Tumor should have known nothing survives going with Thick44.
Glad everything went well
So glad to hear your in good spirits
Stay strong bro Glad you are doin well
I guess neebs does look like Mel Gibson.... anyway glad you alright big pimp
Holy fuq...
Did you eat the tumor?
I'm so glad to hear your doing alright thick. Here's to a full recovery 💪
Great to hear you on here Thick .... scratchy voice and all. You've got to be kidding about the footage right ... are the fans ready? Have you seen the old Sci-Fi film Fantastic Voyage?
as soon as he said aggressive cancer i burst into tears. I actually can't stop crying rn. I wish you the best.
I got a heart attack during the first video, good seeing you well
Thankfully your ok. Glad the surgery went well. Hopefully everything goes well for you buddy.
So glad to hear everything went well. Now, Sea of thieves:pirates life?!
So pleased it went well! You will be fine! Lots of love heading in your direction from London! Xx
Best news I've heard today!
I just hope that doctor had enough respect for Thick to tell the tumor it was nothing. 😆
Glad you're doing good Thick. Keeping everyone in our prayers. I salute you Thick44. You manly warrior you.👍
Speedy recovery thick!! All the best man!
So he didn't get Thick'd? Nice.
Have good recovery bud
Glad to hear voice hope everything goes well
Glad to have you back bruh!
In australia we have universal healthcare and it blows my mind how much you guys pay for stuff. We have private healthcare as an option, its not forced onto us.
He Thicked cancers butt
💪 glad to see your in good health
YAY THICK get some
0:50 Dr sounds like he was trying to hit on you.
Great news glad to see you are doing good keep up the fight and many prayers from our family to all of yours.
So glad everything went well with the surgery, weve been following updates daily. Thanks for keeping everyone up to date!
If you animate it, please use the battlefield friends characters. The surgeon could be Colonel with his knife! Would be perfect.
Glad u are doing well and receiving nicely and in true thick 44 fashion kick this cancer shit in the ass!!! Get well soon, watching you guys for 7 year!! You r like family to me, the normal can't even think about how bad it would be not hearing you all together x💕
Excellent news, buddy. Hopefully this will be the end of it.
Appsro! Thick said “I still can’t type...” and you cut him off! He still can’t type?
Thick glad to hear your doing better. Tbh I have been worried about you since I heard about it. Sending good vibes and prayers your way.
Glad everything is good keep strong stay positive Thick 44 you are a legand
You sound great thick, much better then me after surgery. Catching it early is a big deal, I hope you recover completely just don't push yourself to much.
THICK44 brain surgery (but wee animated it)
Was good to hear ya instead of an update, keep it up and you'll be a maverick on a jet ski!!
It's the burrito you had to leave before. Glad you're ok man. Did they out the wafers in your head?
I had no clue any of this went down but as soon as I saw the title and thumbnail my heart skipped a beat
PARTY TIME Thick
Yeah buddy so glad you decided to get that shit out you are one of my favorite gamers on this channel and it would have sucked to not have anyone get thicked anymore
I hope everything stays well, I’ve watched these guys off and on for years and coming back to see this scares the crap out of me. I genuinely hope that nothing comes back in the future and everything turns out all right from testing.
Congratulations Thick nothing can over rule Thick44 The Wyvern King👑🐲
So glad you're ok!! We love you!!!!
Good for you bro! Sorry that it's malignant! :/ Surgery for me was a bitch!
Someone told me the same thing when I was at the hospital. Try the crab cakes!
Go for social healthcare man. Jesus why is the American politicians such big farma bitches. The rest of the world have universal healthcare... from taxes and provide healthcare for every Citizen.  Glad that it went well Thick! Hope you get a full recovery!
Hope everything will be cool.
Thick I am so relieved you are doing well, and that you are staying positive!! You've got this bud!
This was good news after a shit day. Glad your okay bud!
I forgive you for that Cooter thing Thick, get well soon bud
I’m SO looking forward to Brain Tumour jokes every time the ‘Thicked’ phenomenon happens from now on... 😂
Whoever disliked hope u never have your best friend get sick or have a tumor cuz you all are morons and pretty much suck at life but im glad thick is on his way to recovery good bless
Thick thicked cancer
That’s great to hear! Got me a little scared to hear what happened so I’m glad it went well! I usually just dine and ditch at the hospitals myself.
Take care Thick! Much 💘 love brother 👨 man.
We are so so happy to hear you back in action Thick!! Love you guys!
@thick44, i can only speak for myself but no thanks needed here, just glad to hear that everything is on the up and up. Sounds like the team that did the operation is 110% beyond what they needed to do. Love ya brother and get well soon.
That's why I love living in Canada, all the medical stuff up here is free.
THICK TELL THE LADIES ITS A BATTLE SCAR
Glad to hear you're out of the hospital and feeling fine
this guy solo tames wyverns, and just made something so scary seem like anyone facing something similar can take it head on! truly a legend ✊🏽 hope you have a speedy and full recovery
Best wishes and a speedy recovery Thick44
Sorry it took so long, but this made me realize; you guys mean a lot to me.  So glad things are looking up
Thanks for the update!!
Glad your okay thick. Every time I saw notification, was hoping it was this video... Lol also selling thicks brain Staples haha 🤣
So happy you are ok take it easy dude
You’ve got this, Thick!
So happy he’s okay!! Glad you caught it fast they got it all!!!! Congratulations Thick! I’m so happy your okay!!
Its good 2 hear the good news. I told my wife lastnite and she almost cried now i can calm her with the good news. Have a speedy recovery Thick44
"Are you ready to play again?" I think I know who was that... According to recent Classified information Colonel 100 was offline for 24 hours...
So no job opening? Damn got my resume ready and everything. Did they let you name it atleast?
"They got the tumor out!" "Yaayyy!!!" "But it was cancerous." "Nooooo..."
For a second there Simon thought the doctor actually slammed Thick's head to the table and bashed him with a stapler...  Glad to see Thick is doing better, hopefully he'll be back to top shape with plenty of rest.
Does this mean we won't get anymore "Getting Thicked" moments? 😩  Jokes aside... be well my guy, take care of yourself
NOW we know what make Thick kill cooter!!.  In all seriousness. I'm glad the surgery went well, the fight is not over men, we will be here with you during the whole process. Best of wishes!.
Crab cakes at a hospital....umm wow
Thank you for the updates
🌹
Glad you’re doing well! We’re here for you! 💜
Thick 44 is back babyyyyyyy........ we are so happy you are well man
Feel better soon, Thick! Hope you heal up fast!
Cancer out.....Cyberdyne Systems chip in.....SUCCESS!!.......Wait?....What Chip??!......*Cue 'Terminator' theme music*....
From a completely selfish point of view, thank you so much for putting this out. I've been worrying which is really out of character for me. Hearing you has convinced me of something I guessed already. You have the strength on body and character that is needed to beat the shit out of this. I'm going to go back to my selfish side now. You keep getting well.
Meatloaf? sounds like a Tumor dish^^  best wishes.
Get this man a lazy river!
it's a shame you pay such high medical bills so that Billionaires don't have to pay taxes.
Glad all went as good as it could
"Cancer your nothing" you can make it through this Thick!
Yay thick
Holy shit i missed that other episode, i had NO idea man ! i'll be praying for u thick brother, glad that youre well though ...all the love man (a little teary eyed here right now )
Glad to hear that tumor got hard core Thick'd
Glad you made it out of surgery and are doing better!!  Keep you in prayers always bud!  Quick recovery and more gaming to come!!
Couldn't imagine neebs gaming without thick44!
Which assholes actually disliked this video?
I feel like a family member just got some good news, Glad you're ok Thick!!
Thick’s tumor got Thick’d (everyone was thinking it, I’m just saying it)
Swwweeeet news!
Ah, American Health care system, we hate socialism so much that we won’t adopt a single payer system. You know the health care system in Japan, Taiwan,Israel, Australia and Europe. Clearly these nations are socialist like Venezuela.
Glad thick is doing better! Keep kicking ass!
Holy crap he’s safe, nice one guys. Shed a tear when I heard his voice
Thank God you’re ok. Love ❤️
Great news!   So happy for you!
Thank god for that! Best news we all could have wished for, you are an inspiration Thick, the positivity and the selflessness you have shown throughout this ordeal so far really show what a genuinely great guy you are.  On a separate note, as an Englishman, I would like to Thankyou from the bottom of my heart for helping us all through this pandemic, having been locked inside for so long, you guys really have kept so many of us going. That Tumour is NOBODY
the only statistic you need to know Thick is 110% of us are totally behind you and supporting you all the way man. All my love to you all.
I hate doc bills. I do shit myself.  I completely dislocated my finger an just popped it back in. Perfectly fine. They probably would've charged me thousands for something I did free. Are you a man!
Very happy to hear things are going well Thick! I'm from the UK and listening to you guys talk about the bills for your care is mind blowing!! 7 grand just to go to hospital?! DAMN SON.
So glad your ok. i can't express that enough
Oh yes i just got to the part where Thick is talking about dead wrestlers and apparently he got emotional and yes i learned you get very emotional even when it comes to very little things
This dude is a badass.
stay strong
Glad to hear!
great news to have you back Thick. hope you have a fast and great recovery.
Oh god i cant wait, we are going to get a think44  without any restrictions or any mouth controls, this is going to be an epic new chapter in neebs gaming
Prayers Maverick.
Glad its gone well!
Hey thikk you got a kidney I could have?
So happy 2 hear .... wouldn't be the same without bitch I'm thick 44 ❤❤❤
I am happy to hear you are out and i you will make a strong recovery
Heck yeah man! I'm glad they caught it super quick. If they caught it at what they sometimes call stage "zero" or even early stage one your recovery chances are super high and that's awesome news. God Speed Thick!
Now you guys did it I want a pumpkin spice latte now thanks guys.
Oof, all the best buddy! I'm glad you're okay. Get well soon and stay vigilant. Cancer can be a real bitch. But you got this, you're Thick44. ;-)
glad your ok. i wish you well
So happy to hear you ....
Sorry mate, send us a post card when ya get there.
Recon: Just stay quiet when I’m trying to work through this surgery doc..  Doctor: I got some ammo as well, if you need anything.  Recon: are you fucken serious! You are gonna put an ammo box on top of my surgery!
Thick for president!
We love you thick
Woah! Hope everything goes well!
You got this thick
Outstanding to hear you talking with the guys... Great to hear you are on the up and up...  Positive vibes, and keep looking forward!!! Cheers!
Asks for the tumor back. It sits on his desk floating in a jar. He wakes up every morning "You're nobody, I'M THICK44!!"
My dad had cancer (cancer free for almost 2 years!) and is part of a study for new treatment. His was gone in 6 months. I hope the same for you and anyone else who is suffering from this horrible disease. Sending love and positive vibes to you, your family and whole Neebs Crew.
my god this is amazing news
I felt more concerned hearing about Thick's operation than I have hearing about my own family members problems. Been a part of this community long enough to feel like I know these guys personally. Hope your recovery continues to go well Thick! Cancerous tumor is gonna get Thick'd!
I am so glad you came threw surgery well!! Hope you have a speedy recovery!! Prayers your way my friend!!!❤
so happy you are well. Stay positive and best wishes!
So happy your better thick
Wooo not Thicked. Good to hear you're well.
"positivity is infectious, my friend!"  --thick44
The fact that this video has dislikes
Glad you're doing better Thick!
All you need is a strong desire to win, and a focus on positivity. You're doing everything right Thick! Home stretch here we come.
A tumor is no match for Thick44! Glad to hear you laughing and being your old self! Get well soon brother. Battlefield is just around the corner.
I wasn't worried at all cause I knew Thick44 was gonna kick this tumors ass
Glad to hear you are good <3
You're in my prayers broham
This Tumor definitely got THICKED!!!
WE LOVE YOU THICK! Stay strong buddy!
You got this thick! We're here for you!    Also, is the gofundme still active? I hadn't heard about it until now.
feels so good to hear you. you sound well. you look well. that cancer is nobody. hail the wyvern king!
amazing to hear your voice keep us updated, stay positive and much love
Nice! He's ready to get kills again!
Eat the hospital food, it's to die for 🤣
SO GLAD TO HEAR THE GOOD NEWS XXXXXX Wishing you a quick recovery Thick44 xxxx Love all you guys xxxxxxxxxx
@thick44 it was duke, but it was duke mayo, so.....
Just found out about this.  I'm glad your okay thick.
The tumor got Thick'd
Hope you have a speedy recovery brother
So the Dr's thicked that tumor!
Thick sniped his tumor
So glad to hear you and know you're doing better!!  Wishing you a speedy recovery and hoping everything comes back clean!
We are Thick44 and YOU ARE NOBODY CANCER!
We love you Thick! And so glad you got your burrito after having to ditch the first one!!
Anybody think thick is American Jason Statham?
Love you thick sending you all the good vibes I can
Fuck Yeah Thick!!! Sir Walken is invincible.
Never realized how handsome Thick was
So glad all went well, Thick! Now you just keep Thicking cancer! You fuck that shit up!
The cut was an n shape instead of a upside down u
Ayyyyyyy!
So glad that Thick is doing good. That how mess is a scary deal.
So glad you're ok bud x
Tumor should have known never to tag along on a Thick44 adventure
Go, Thick!  Go, Thick!
Welcome home! Glad you are back! Sorry it is cancerous. As an insider i can tell you we are developing new and better treatments every year and there are a few really promising things coming down the pipe right now.   We are all here to help and to be your insurance plan. We don't refuse any procedures, so get those ass implants while you can
Stay strong thick
Fight like hell Thick! Praying for you!
Thank god thick you are a lucky man and what did that burrito taste like?
Great to hear your surgery went well. The channel wouldn't be the same without you.
He's Thick the Wyvern King no way cancer can get the better of the king! Congrats on a successful surgery Thick, you the man!
A microwave hanging from a rope... LMAO I didn't expect any less from Appsro.
EVEN CANCER GETS THICK'D
omg thick love you dude and f*** cancer bro
dude, keep your sense of humor, we want to keep you in our world, buddy! and humor is healing <3
Thick 44 one shot cancer!
Glad to hear Thick is okay and I'm patiently waiting for the possibility of the battle field friends return with battlefield 2042 as I enjoy your video of valhiem.
~. Hearing you guys laugh made my day.   God bless all and have a great day everyone! 🙏🏻
Thick!!!! Can you still taste  peanut butter?!?!
Thick, I want to tell you something that may encourage you. At the age of 1 my youngest daughter was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. By the time we found out about it, it had spread over a lot of her body. It was a scary time for us. But to keep the story short by her 3rd birthday she was cancer free and she’s now about to celebrate her 10th birthday cancer free. So when the doctor says you have above average chances all you have to do is fight and you’ll make it. My family and I are praying for you my friend.
Well if the surgery doesn't work just eat some of those hospital crab cakes, that shit will cure what ales ya
I am so glad that Thick44 is doing well.  I was really worried for him.  I love this crew and I'd hate to see something happen to one of them.  Be strong Thick, you'll beat this thing!
LET'S FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hahaha, omg, I kinda wish every time we talk about cancer, it could be with the mood of these two vids😅 luvyaguise
Man if Thick didn't look like a badass before, he freaking does now. The Wyvern King lives, and he will fuck you up, just like he did with his cancer if you stand against him. All hail the Wyvern King!!!!
So happy to hear Thicks vocie.
Who would thumbs down this? Seriously, what the hell is wrong with people!?? Glad to have ya back Thick!
So happy to see he's recovering. I'm glad that they were able to get it out.
That's the sickest story for a burrito though
Maverick shot the tumour out and Thick 44 busted out of the recovery quicker than aspro with a dick joke.
AAA thick thick
Sooooooooo happy to see your ok Thick feel better😁 also you should make a maverick T-shirt with a photo of the MRI of your brain from the last Neebscast.
Who the hell down votes this wonderful news about. Thick's positive attitude and recovery Love ya Thick
I wish I had such a close group of friends like these guys
You had me worried there Thick. It wouldnt feel the same without you so happy you made it out ok woth no problems
Real happy to hear from u thick we are all behind u
The 8 dislikes are from thicks cancer cells.
Glad your ok and still got the dick jokes.  You day man!
Just buy more Tshirts people!  #worldpeace
Prayers going out to you and yours!!
Love ya buddy! Just keep swimming!!
Ahhhhhh it's sooo good to hear you. Man recover to full streight! thats the biggest boss you ever will face! Fight it, and let us support you!
BLOODY HEAD REVEAL! LETSSSS GOOOOO!!!!
good to hear your voice men thick 44
Can we still donate somewhere?
Im so glad your ok Thick! Keep getting those kills man! 😁
we love u thick
So after the 6th, we're going to dive deep into the mind of Thick44 Human Man Warrior!? Sweet! Gonna see what makes you tick!
Glad to hear your doing better Thick.
Hope you have a swift recovery Thick!
Happy to hear it went well, hope you kick the recovery in the butt too!
Love you Thick. Now go get some stem cells and a nice vacation Out of the country. ☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️
What a coincidence I get recommended the how does Thick die video? I’m guessing jeep stuff
Been waiting for the update hope it doesn't get too expensive and you have a speedy recovery
Thick now has mini lunch tray on the side of his head
Well ya gotta make the Maverick shirts now...
Hands down the best most positive community I've ever been apart of, wishing you well Thick
Im very glad that you are doing well!
So, do you now have a hinged door in your skull.  Somewhere you can keep spare keys and an emergency bagle? Sorry... I am slightly drunk.  😂
I had my head stapled to the table i had no idea but i kept feeling these bumps   around my head i found out 3 weeks later they screwed my head to a halo cause spinal cord surgery and movement dont mix , hoping and praying they got it all and you recover swiftly x
Thick44 so happy to see that you are okey!!!!!!!!!!!!! As a former guy living in America is crazy how much you need to pay dame  Like here in Sweden you would pay for five days on the hospital 1500skr and that is for the over night and food the rest are free!!!
King
Glad your doing better thick, knew the Wyvern King had this!!
Never gonna die!!!!! 🤘🤘🥋🎸🎸
Driving home from lowes i got this notification and immediately turned it on to listen over my radio. I choked up and almost had to pull over, I love you guys and hope for the fastest recovery.
O man we need a wasp nest tee shirt!!!!!!
Heal up bro
The dislikes are the hospital seafood kitchen
So happy you're doing good thick.
"DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM, CANCER?! I'M THICK44 THE WYVERN KING YOU ARE NOTHING TO ME!" *cocks shotgun*
Good news Thick. Have a speedy recovery fella.
Get well soon
Thick FORTY FOOOUR!
Happy it went well.
I'm so happy things are looking up for you Thick! Love you!
I’m in tears, thank goodness you are ok man. Love and respect. Keep on doing you brother.
You fucking scared the shit out of us man. Glad your ok, don't go doing that shit again.
Thick44 2021: "I want a burrito." Come on, no one's going to say that belongs on a TShirt??
Hey, I'm a maverick Glad you are okay Thick       Please lion king review its been 4 years ive lost count
Thick can finally say the phrase “I need this like I need another hole in the head.”
Remember to comment for the algorithm
Good to know
congratz thick44 on ur good health
Boooo! Feck cancer! Get well, Thick! ❤❤❤
That Tumor got Thick’d  Stay strong bro!
Maybe you could get a 2 for 1 discount and fix Simons brain too.
Good on ya Thick! I wish you a speedy recovery!
So happy to hear your alright and your back! ❤
I'm glad you're well Thick44.
It’s so good to hear from thick
I am happy that it all went well thick! It was my bday yesterday on the 29th. Its always a good birthday gift to hear someone said fuck you to cancer! It was also good to hear you guys laugh about It makes me happy to hear the banter. If I ever meet you and the rest of Neebs gaming food and drinks on me! Keep killing it Neebs gaming
I’m so happy for you thick44 I really am brother feel good soon and when you do blow up neebs lol
So very glad it went so well! Thanks for the update (this is very personal, after all). We really do care *Thick.* So again, thank you and *be well,* _all of you._ ❤️ *_"That tumor was nobody!"_*
Can we just state that Thick is OP who gets cancer on there fuckin head and survives. True GOD
Good to hear you ok brother!
Positive vibes from the UK thick get well sooner. Speedy recovery!!!
Glad to hear the doctors didn't thick'ed it.
Hmmmm if they have to use kemo he's already bald at least
Glad youre ok, bud!
Congrats buddy it wouldn't have been the same without you
My brother and I played a lot of Ark, Conan ect.  Last year his brain cancer came back and he couldn’t play anymore.  We scratched our survivor game itch by watching your channel and laughing.  You guys really helped us bring some light in a dark time.  I hope you get well soon Thick.
Glad to hear that your doing good. Now we know the gang will continue to get thicked
Looks like he’s getting a mug shot in the thumbnail
Yeeehaw from Switzerland* Much love!  I'd just like to know the names of the 6 downvotes :{  Probably my first Youtube comment all my life, but i would'nt let it be taken from me to wish you all the best going forward!
God bless you thick44
hope it didnt cause any permanent damage, that would suck not being able to play games
Thick I'm glad you are ok, At this moment I'm awaiting results on a full head and spinal MRI after they found something... So that has me worried but I'm glad to see you are ok and still yourself. You guys have all kept me going during bad times, as if anxiety and depression is enough I may have other stuff. You guys are amazing! Thick is the one man in the group we have 0 clue what to do with him... he is crazy and yet he is amazing.
Does thick live in NC? He names alot of Carolina stuff and as a fellow nc dude id love to party with thick XD
Welcome back
Patients never get the good food lol
Nice
The biggest unanswered question... what kind of burrito??? It's very important.
Praise be to the Lord. Glad you got that tumor out dude.
We’re glad to see you ok Thick. We knew you would make it through. You’re a human man warrior. No tumor is gonna keep you down. My grandmother has been praying for ya. I know she’s gonna be glad to hear this video. Stay strong man, you’re the best.
You got this beat already! That tumor is nobody! You're Thick44! Man warrior!
Thank you god he survived
It's no wonder the tumor too got "THICK'D" and "DIK'D"
Good to see you doing well!
$7000 to go to the ER? Americans need to sort out their health system. Anyway nice to see you well Thick.
''nailed his head to the table'' all i pictured was thick44 and his ears nailed to the table lol and don't worry about the scar, consider is a battle wound that you gained for defeating the tumour, You are now Thick44 Human Man Warrior Wyvern King MRI Man; Tumour Annihilate :) long title but worth it :)
Prayers out for you thick.
Prayers to you Thick!
American health care is absolutely disgusting. But, I'm glad everything ended up well so far.
All Hail the King!
Stay strong and healthy you handsomely short bald man warrior you.
So glad your good and in recovery Neebs just wouldnt have been the same with out you! Get well soon!
Definitely didn’t just see the first video lol
NOTHING CAN KEEP THE WYVERN KING DOWN, NOTHING! LONG LIVE THE WYVERN KING.🤴🐲🐉
Glad Thick is doing okay 👌
Good to hear the news. My mother is in an immunotherapy case study at Duke also right now. Duke oncology is amazing!
NOTHING but love for you bro, im so happy to hear from you. The Neebs Gaming community will always be here to support you through this. FUCK CANCER!
So good to see Thick didnt Thick it up.
Great to hear your doing good...you got this Maverick!!!
Thank God my favorite Character is safe
So glad you're okay man!
so great that you are back! <3 and wow this makes me happy to love in a country with free healthcare.
Can we get an animation , like osmosis jones, of thikks brain?
Thick looking like a gamer version of Johnny Sins.
Never been so happy to hear your voice thick! I’m so glad your on the road to recovery and all that is to come is a serious ass kicking for anything else that fucks with you. I guess you thick’d that tumour 😂 😂 😂
Great hearing the surgery went well. You'll pull through this. Your Thick44 The Wyvern King, a Warrior!
Good luck and  with rest of recovery
the doctor said well, you have a good chance to get out of this normally, this is just the beginning, I do not want to scare you,I keep my fingers crossed for you brother, good luck✌️✌️✌️✌️
Get well brother ❤️🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Who else feels like Neebs gaming squad are your friends, your the silent one in the corner and just laughs at their jokes when hanging out with them. And when i heard thick had cancer, it affected me just like one of my closest friends have cancer.
👍 Great to hear your voice Thick       All the best
As someone from Maryland hearing "try the crab cake from the hospital" has to be one of the most ridiculous funny things I've ever heard
Praying for you thick
I knew the moment Aspro said "I hope thats the last we hear of him" thick was going to be alright, he always was, with the support of family and friends he made it through.
Great news, and yep, you've got a bunch of people in your corner for whatever comes next man, sending you all the love and positive energy! Stay happy and thanks for letting us hear from you, it's made my day a little brighter too.
Thick doesnt get cancer, Cancer gets Thick. PRAYERS FOR RECOVERY!
Human man warrior defeats turmor and shouts your nobody
Tony's voice still sounds like he's still shaken up about it. Anyone would be. My mother and I also send our love, guys. She got a cancerous growth removed in 2017 and soon she'll be legit a cancer survivor. Doctors took an entire organ out just for that. Mom's still fighting it. She says that Tony should be strong enough to fight this thing given the info I've been sharing with her. Especially if this thing was caught early, which you guys said was the case. Thank you all for the update. We'll still continue to send positive vibes as you fight this thing over time. Tony's got this
Tearing up over here and I just woke up damn it! I'm so glad / relieved that you made it through. Of course we all knew you would! Way to Thick that tumor man!
Praise the Lord!! Praying for a full recovery!
So now can you start calling yourself Thick44 vegetable manwarrior 10 percent off the top. Just so you know there are easier ways to get a free haircut.
Glad ur good stay self plzzz
The American health system is insane. Such high prices just to get an appointment? What happens if you can't afford it? Do they just let you die?
*Thick44 earned the advancement: "Not Today, thank you!"*  You're a badass, Thick! No tumor nor cancer has a chance! Cheers to good health and a long, fulfilling life! o7
Glad you're doing so good thick.
Keep on Keeping on my man
Glad you're okay! F$%^ CANCER! You got this!
Glad to hear your voice Thick! Still keeping you in my prayers for a speedy recovery. 🙏🙏🙏
Makes us happy
some say he mumbled "i´m thick44 !" when he woke up
CANCER GOT THICKED!!!!!
Really hope to god your good thick!!! Love you brother! Love you needs crew! Like truly. I'd bear hug smash each of you! Been following you guys for years and years now. You guys might not know me but, I know you guys some what... I'd truly be sad if anything happened to any of you.
Glad your op went well thick u have great friends who will make u laugh if u feel low and be their for u when ever u need help just glad u are back thick44
So glad that the surgery went well. Sending positive thoughts for continued recovery and complete remission. <3
Get well Buddy
Glad to hear you are alright! But do have some checkups to see that it hasn't/doesn't metastasise!
Great news Thick, all the best with the recovery ❤️‍🩹 from way down under Australia 🇦🇺 you got this.
*thick going into surgery.* DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM!!! IM THICK44 HUMAN MAN WARRIOR
So glad to hear you made it through surgery. Thank you guys for keeping us informed. thick44 stay healthy and Godspeed my friend
Thick sounds so jovial and I'm glad he's doing well.
please continue playing Rust, there are so many short cut you will find, while on ladder face up or down to travel on ladder faster, again glad to hear they got it and find nothing when you go to Duke
"We're gonna fuck this thing up!"- Thick 44 2021
Just great news today <3  Keep it going Thick44, warrior, father, nerd, wyvern queen.  All Simon had to say was "they had good lunch" 🤣
We love you Thick Also who are the losers that thumped down this video
HELL YEAH GO THICK!!!!!!!!  so glad you are ok :)
GET WELL SOON MAN..LOVE OUT TO YALL
Well at least things are better
Wishing for a fast recovery! Now get some rest and prepare for Battlefield 2042
Thick you’re the man!!!!
Also I want to put in everyone's head that the meatloaf he ate was the tumor they taken out
This is some good news.
A lot of good news! We all love you. Heal up soon!
Outstanding.  Glad you are doing well Thick.
Damn, "The 5-year survival rate for people with a cancerous brain or CNS tumor is 36%. The 10-year survival rate is about 31%." after a quick google search
Happy your ok thick
Wish you a healthy recovery THICK <3<3<3
So happy to hear your voice dude. So so happy. These tears are onion-based I promise.
That tumor got Thick'd
It's great to hear everything went well Thick. Hope you kicked cancer's butt and that the surgery is the end of it.
So pumped was worried about you brotha!!
Yaaay! That tumor got Thick'd! "Caught it quick" and "removed all of it" are the best things you can hear about tumor removal. :D
Great to hear your doing ok ....never clicked a link so fast. Stay positive x
What six fucking monsters dislike this?
Thank god he got through surgery and hopefully the cancer isn’t bad
Thick, money is nothing. We will always be there. get the best medical service there is man. Wis ya rapid recovery and Thank you Neebs Gaming for the update
It is weird being a fan knowing more about you than you guys do of me, but I feel like you are family. I am so happy that Thick's surgery went well. I am literally tearing up with joy of this news!
The wyvern King has risen Like a Phoenix From the Ashes only better because he's a man Warrior Man.
Someone better name that tumor Cooter cause it just got thicked!
Hey tumor, I'm THICK 44.
Good luck thick get well soon  🤢
And there, at the bottom of the bill:  Meatloaf                                     $700
Doctor "...you have a great chance...oh and amazing medical insurance!"
Thick!!! Good to hear your voice.  You got this!    Side note:  who votes down on this?? F$#% off!!!
So glad to hear your doing ok! I will still be keeping you in prayers! And also hope to see you in BF2042!
4:25 XD wthhh lmao
Thick on steroids and that tumor was looking at his girlfriend
Ooh. That Thick Wyvern King!!!!
What they don't tell you is that Thick is now
Glad you got thru it well. Rest be well... you maverick
The King is back.
It's a good thing it was taken out so soon. I can't imagine losing Thick.
Glad everything is going good Thick44!
Glad your ok thick 💪
it wouldn't be Neebs Gaming without the whole gang. Stay positive and god bless your recovery.
Thank you beer for giving Thick a chance to overcome a cancerous tumor ;-)
For the People who downvoted this…this health update video on Thick…shame on you. Karma will find you. Glad to hear your feeling better and doing great Thick. Stay strong
To thick for cancer
You got this brother.
Get well soon buddy. Hope you are cancer free and get back to making some more ridiculously funny videos. ❤❤❤
OMG…. I didn’t even know this was going down. Thank God we haven’t lost you. Sending you a super biggest ever hug all the way from Curaçao.
Who thumbs down a video like this?
So happy your ok thick! Xxx
9:40 You wanna know what his head being secured looked like? https://youtu.be/DAu0OajrO2s
Thick did what he does best. Thickd that tumor. #thethickening
The one time you're glad to hear something got Thick'ed.
Looks like he was kicked in the head by a tiny mule
When in doubt, rip it out
PER ASPERA AD ASTRA, THICK!
I'm glad everything is ok
Thank god glad to know your all good
Fantastic news!
Who would down vote this video!?  Haters gonna hate I guess.
My whole entire family prayed at the family gathering and they all said thick when they sayed god protect him
Congrats on successful surgery brother, i really hope we keep getting the good news!
Doctor:"You have a brain tumor." Thick:"Brain tumor? You mean bitch blob?"
Mine messed up my vision and balance along with depression and anxiety.  I'm so worried for him.
We love you Thick!! You Human Man Warrior you!!
Atleast he didnt have to shave his head for the operation <3
Now you can roleplay as an Astartes
Big prays boys big prays.
Doctor , " Watch as I extract this Thick tumor from this Thick brain."  Nurse, " Wow, thats Thick!"
So glad you're ok thick! Love from the UK. On a side note, who in the fuck dislikes a video of someone informing people that they are ok after brain surgery?! I really do hope that karma bitch slaps you.
Glad your still here thick! Good luck with the rest of the recovery!
As european this talk about american healthcare prizes just makes me sad.
Ypu guys have goten me out of a bad time bad depressed and stress work all day in the heat amd i come home and watch yoi guys and you make me feel better and take me away from the world and i feel like im  there with you all thank you so for helping  much in bad times i fell lole im ome of you guys i wish yoi gus wpild do more games with the community so we can play woth ypu guys
BRUH! glad you're okay! ALL HAIL THE WYVRN KING!
Love you Thick!! Stay positive, you are so strong.
Looks like that tumor got Thick'd
If you feel nauseous eat an edible or smoke a spliff my brother God rest his soul couldn't eat at all when he was going through  treatment  and with edible  and a spliff he was able to eat good food until his final day thick 44 god bless you and I pray for your speedy recovery
You better "Thick that cancer." Bingo.... t-shirt idea.
Neebs sister 😂😂
You got this bud, love ya!
Glad your all right, Thick44 human warrior man.
mean while in Canada with out high taxes, we have universal health care but long ass waiting lists lol
Btw you must be in guard all the time now, that head shit comes back.
So unbelievably happy to hear you!! 💜 Dora is 100% correct! I am so fuckin glad you listened to your sister and you went in and got your MRI when you did.  I hope you hear more about the Cancer soon, Chemo can be pretty crappy. I have three co-workers and each one has different reactions but they aren't doing the localized chemo. I hear the localized therapy is much less invasive. I am so happy you have these guys in your life Thick, hearing you all poke fun and laugh at one another is the greatest thing ever. Love you all and mentally hugging everyone, Neebs Crew, Thicks Family, especially his Sister, and all the Neebs Community! 💜💜💜💜💜
I'm glad you pulled through! I'm also glad the doctor said that you have a good chance of fighting this too.
Nannites!? is Thick getting nannites? #thick44cyborgmanwarrior
Thick44 for PONG44..4eva! He is a human man and we are NOBODY!
Glad everything went well and wishing a speedy recovery brother!
Who disliked this?
Such good news to hear :-D , keep up the good work Thick44 !!!!, much love to the Neebs Family <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Thick looking more and more like Kellogg from fallout 4 every day
so THICK didnt get THICKED? That is great news!
Still praying for you
This tumor really thought it could do something to thick lmao
He lived? That's not compelling story.
Best of luck Thick. You have a lot of people in your corner. If you can make it through playing games with Simon, I think you'll kick cancer's ass ❤
Maybe now he'll stop thicking people
For everyone whos hearing him for the first time since last week, i urge you to download twitter and create an acct and follow neebs gaming and thick44... I think hes done a couple short little vids about the surgury and the gofundme.  You could of heard him the day after surgury plus u can also follow johnyethco and simonsandwiches
Man, Thick so sorry it's cancerous.  We are behind you man.  Keep strong keep fighting
Definitely want to know more about what you guys thought about the Bo Burnham special
The doctor sure made a lot of comments about what a great physique you have.   When you woke up did your butt feel a little tender? 😂😂😂
Doc Brown, you are kidding. Does he drive a custom Delorean?
Good thing he's alive
Make sure you get Marvin a nice little jar to live in from now on
I’m Glad to hear your surgery went well. Thank you for Thick’Date!  keep kicking ass!
Good to hear you're doing well!
So glad to hear the tumor is gone and caught early and hopefully that’s the end of it. that tumor got thicked.
Great news, Thick!
Cancer: I'm pretty aggressive  Thick44: YOU'RE NOBODY!!!
I’m surprised his first words when waking up weren’t “I’m Thick44!  You’re nothing!”  Seriously, I have high hopes for your recovery!  Take care and God bless!
The one good thing I've found after an experience like this is from now on every breath you take, every sip of beer you drink, every moment in your life is a little sweeter
Neebs gaming you are the best gamer/youtuber ever you are better than mr best and even better than pewdiep , love you man and do me a favor keep your body healthy and strong, you are the best .
science and medicine saved the day! get well soon!
The tumor was “looking at his girlfriend!” And had to go!
Glad he is doing well. My Dad has been going through the same ordeal since last August and it sucks. Hopefully it is just the one tumor. My Dad had 10 in the brain and several spots in his lungs and bones. He's doing great so far though. Medicine is always advancing and I'm sure Thick will beat this.
How old is thick? I feel we are similar in age. This scares the living 💩 out of me.
Appsro- "so you don't have anymore tubes down your throat?"  Thick- "no, no tubes I'm good now."   Appsro- "oh okay so just a diqck"   That's true love when you can joke with your friend that just came out of a serious surgery
NOTHING can defeat Thick44 Human Man Warrior wyvern king, the only aggression here is Thick44 kicking the living shit out of the cancerous cells!
Maverick human man warrior
Thick44, Cancer Slayer
THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK Our Boy Returns!!!
I just had surgery yesterday myself. Glad everything went well with yours Thick. The Neebs Gaming family is the best.
Nick looks like he could actually portray a sniper in a movie
I'm happy things went well thick44 makes me smile!
Hearing thicks voice is such a relief
Been following yall for years congrats 👏🙌
Let's all be honest, a tumor isn't going to stop Thick44, it's way too small of a problem. He's got this
Praying for you man!    Bonus:  after you beat this you will always have an excuse for getting everyone killed!  (Aka them getting Thicked)
Thick and I are twinning!! I’ve got a matching scar. Mine’s a little different/bigger. I had over 70 staples in my head! Wear a helmet kids!! And to answer Neebs question about the scar, it will flatten out and possibly have indents along. My surgery was different, I fell skateboarding and caused a sub-dural hematoma. They had to go in and fix what I did. I had aphasia after mine, that was crazy! I would say different words even though I knew what words I needed to say!! Really weird!! I ended up talking to myself in my head a lot, reading helped a lot. It was tough at first but bounced right back.
You Thick the hell out of this thing man!!!
the levity with which you all are handling this is really uplifting. It's not easy to get past the shock and terror. It's nice to hear you laughing.
You got this. Thick that cancer!!
Great to have Thick back!
Glad to see your doing well Thick
Positive vibes Thick44!
Hell yeah thick, way to go!
Amen I'm glad he's ok I been watching yall for 5 years and I don't know what I would do without yall I'm glad thick is ok
Thank God
Some hospitals actually do have good food. The Hospital my dad stayed at for his hernia operation had an Au Bon Pain in the cafeteria.
Praying for you Thick.
They did everyone they got them out of the matrix
Bio Oil is great for scarring!!
such good stuff
Thick44 doesn’t get cancer… Cancer gets Thick44…. Was the best one
We're all here for you!! I got a feeling that you handed that cancer's butt on a silver plater. Completely dominated that fool!!! They should've kept the tumor around afterward for you to have enough time to t-bag it!
Great to hear your doing well and in good spirits. Hope the journey continues as well and is a short one.
Watching every add on this. No skipping 💕
You make sure you get that Tumor back from the biopsy dudes.... so's you can curb stomp that sucker.
How tf did i get a neebs gaming coffe ad when i clicked this
Love u thick we will be with you the whole way
The cancer has been Thick'd!!!
So glad the surgery went well. Stay strong and kick its ass
Thick postin' dubs. Glad the surgery went well!
Happy to hear you are OK!!
just wait brain surgery has some unpredictable effects. like while cleaning out the cancer the effected the trigger mechanism for your penis. so your special power will randomly get erect for no reason but to actually get erect at will you have you imaging a pile of dead puppies or something disturbing.  or like washing grandma.
Glad to hear thick is doing well!
God is good! Keep fighting, Thick! Hearing you and Simon this morning made my day. And the other guys too, of course, 😆
Really happy you're back and feeling well! Hope you get a fully positive review after they've done whatever they need to do and you can close this chapter as another thing The Thick44 has kicked in the booty
Hope you're recovering well and the reports come back good!  Wishing you the best thick!
So why’s it bad if it’s cancerous? Sorry I’m not that versed in medical whatnots.
Hell yea, Thick. Tough sum b#$!@!
Thick lots of prayers for you man also congratulations and welcome back but take your time
Is it safe to say the tumor got Thicked??
Well this update was what I needed to hear!
That tumor was NOBODY!!
Great news =) I have a drink on ur heath. Cheers mate!🍻
I was praying for you to make it. This wouldn’t be the same channel without you, Thick.
I'm glad you're doing well Thick. You guys are the best!
Thick headed 44! Congratulations on winning the fight on abnormal growth! Slicing and dicing can fix everyone’s problems, if you just believed…or have a little strength!
It is so good to be hearing his voice
Im soo happy right now  <3  Edit : This Community is a gift from Heaven !!! Love to ya all <3
Glad to hear some slightly good news. Step in the right direction!
So they just jeep-stuffed Thick's brain?!
American hospital prices are insane. In South Africa when I broke my arm it costs me the equivalent of $150 for x-rays, examination check up and cast without medical aid. Also the same HIV medication the US uses costs $30 for a month off the shelf here. Its so cheap people use it to make budget amphetamines
Well we are here for you Thick and glad you're getting it taken care of early
Happy to hear your doing good 👍.  Kick some ass
Mayo clinic is literally the best hospital in the world
We love u thick…
Super happy to hear it went well. Hope you have a speedy recovery Thick44!!!!!
So happy for you thick We love you
I believe that you will make a full recovery.    There is no reason to think that things are going to go wrong you are strong thick 44.  You got this
Good to hear thick44 the wyvern king lives on to fright another day
Glad it all went smooth!! Hearing my favorite guys for prob 10 years. Shit you guys are like distant distant distant family. Just a state away and a vet here always here to help anyone. Keep us up to date please, we with you thick!!!!!!
Praise God that the cancer was caught so quickly! We love you Thick!! Continuing to keep you in our prayers!!
If he would have been on those loopy drugs he would have screamed when he woke up "IM THICK44 HUMAN MAN WARRIOR"
I'm so glad everything went well Thick44
Thick will still be benchin
some doctor is studying the tumor right now saying to his assistant "see this? this is nothing it clearly had no idea who it was fucking around with"
Thumbs up for Thick's burrito.
But he looks like he's been kicked in the head by a small horse..WTF was he doing to a small horse..lol
Good to hear it was a successful operation I won’t lie I was sweating a bit thinking something might bad happen during surgery
The tumor and the one who made the hospital crab cakes disliked the video!
The saddest thing about this is hearing you wanting to have super powers... to give ppl insurance... When im sitting here in Sweden with my free healthcare. USA really needs to get it together
LONG LIVE THICK44
aww dude you got the small horseshoe :P I got the one from the back of my ear to the top of my head to the front of my ear lol  Good to hear you are ok!!!!
Keep safe Thick!!
By the way, this would be the most appropriate time of all to do a surgeon simulator video
You’re the man Thick. Great to hear you beat that punk ass tumor!  It’s so weird, I don’t even actually know you, but I was really hoping you were going to be ok through it all.
You haven't looked up anything online about treatment or statistics?  But Thick, this would be one of the few times Web MD telling you you have cancer based on the symptoms was correct!
Get Thicked brain mass!
God bless you
Im really glad your doing ok. Godspeed on the rest of your recovery.
So great to hear your voice. Big love from the UK man.
Hopefully, they didn't cross the nerves from your nose to the nerves in your butt... Happens all the time I hear.   :)
Glad you're good 44.....Happy Days!
EA HealthCare, It's in the Brain!
Awesome!
Glad to hear you're ok mate. I look forward to seeing you kick ass on the guitar once you fully recover.
Nothing but ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️⚡⚡⚡
Hey Cancer, you got nothing on Thick44, the Man Warrior! We love ya buddy!
Best wishes from Wales. 👍
Neebs gaming wouldn't be the same without thick so I'm very happy that all went well for thick
Can we blame Cooter's death on an aggressive brain tumor?
The people who disliked this are the hospital chef's
Get well buddy we are all in support of you!! #purple4Thick44
Stay strong Thick were in this for the long haul
Congrats thick on the tumor removal
My prayers are still with you Thick thank god your ok still praying for you
Glad you're doing better thick still gonna pray 4 Y all as usual
I’m glad ur ok I love watching all ur guys vids keep up the good work my prayers for a speedy recovery love u guys
It’s gone: Yayyyy! It’s cancerous: ohhhh.
Neebs sister telling thick to try the crab cakes...what having a tumor aint enough? We need to keep thick healthy!
Our prayers are still with you. Science be praised!
Glad to hear Thick is recovering.
Thick 44 Human: Check Man: Check Warrior: Check They probably got rid of that fear of bats.   Thick44 is now God
Man, it's great to hear Thick back with the boys! Keep on punching that cancer in the face, dude!
Still prayers...
congrats on a surgery gone good we are all here for ya'll
Glad it went well!
Bahahahahah Hey !! Try the crab cakes!! Lol
Did thick thick himself
Prayers and good vibes for a full recovery!!
HE'S THICK44! CANCER IS NOBODY!!!
14:06 that story,😂
START A GO FUND ME we want to do our part to help
Hope you doing well my friend! greetz from Holland
Hope for the best And The wyvern king Thick shall defeat the brain tumor and show his warrior spirit. Thick44 and guys hope all goes well my friends❤️♥️
Best of luck man. You got this!
Irrrm Terr wassssman.   -Thick 44 to his neighbor
Hell yeah Thick. Glad to see you acting like yourself.
My parents saved a kitten and his name is Maverick. I told them before leaving to go home to just not adopt a goose, it'll be too heartbreaking.  ;)  ANYWAYS, hope you stay safe and recover quickly Maverick44
YAAAAY!!! GO THICK44
The tumor got Thickd!
Thick please don’t get thicked, your beautiful my man get well soon
So glad u doing good rn thick it's gonna be alright we all know it will
The Human Man Warrior has return stronger than ever.
Badass thumbnail
Thick, please read carefully the conditions of the study you are considering. Make sure that there is no placebo group otherwise you will have a chance of not receiving the treatment.
So happy to hear you back. You got this thick.
this dislikes are accidents
Imagine paying for health services. But also imagine doctors taking your symptoms seriously.
People fleeing ambulances is peak America.
Please thick dont die the neebs gaming team need you
Holy sheet dude. Glad you're okay.
You sound very positive. Hope everything goes okay with your recovery. Hi from the UK 🇬🇧😁🇺🇲
"Dr. Brown called me a maverick last week" best line in a long long time, love you Thick.
Best news
If i were thick, id just tell everyone i got that scar getting kicked in the head trying to blow a donkey.
That tumor got Thick'd
OMG THE TUMOR GOT THICK'D
Cancer ain't shit to Thick44!
You can kick the crap out of this cancer Thick I'm a Street minister but because of a severe spinal disease had to stop ministry and to deal with this I researched the potential of cannabis oil there many research papers on it's ability to shrink tumors and kill cancer it's thing to consider just look into the research your in my prayers I love your humor and the whole gang tell Simon he's a cool guy
Did Thick almost Thick himself?
Whooooo!!!! Let’s go thick!
Glad to hear you’re doing ok mate and great to hear you being so positive about things. Keep going, you can do this.
We all know Thick can defeat anything... Except that bat he's still alive 🙈
We all love you Thick. Hang in there, stay positive, and know we are here for ya. 🙂
good news !!!
they should have asked if the symptoms have completely went away?
That tumor picked the wrong fucking one!    Wishing Thick a speedy recovery!  ♡
Thank god your getting better
Kick this C word in the bum Thick. We are all behind you. I applaud you for sharing with the world. Major boss move.
It looks like Thick got kicked by horse
WHAAAAAAAT THICK HAD A CANCEROUS TUMOR!!!!! 😞😓😩 YOU CAN DO THIS THICK !!!
The system says "we saved your life, so here's a bill for 2.5 million dollars".
Human man warrior right here
Good news to hear Thick! Keep it up you Maverick.
I hope the recon was a success.
Who the heck dislikes this video😡
Caught this in 8 seconds and no views. Damn.
Great news. So happy everything went well. Have a speedy recovery!!!!!!
so glad they caught it early my man. ill pray for your recovery.  not sure how much good it will do. but it's worth a shot :)
Glad to hear your voice. Please take care of yourself. My wife loves you guys
Glad to hear that the tumor was removed at practically the perfect time, none of Thicks sins in ARK deserve to come back to bite him like how that Wyvern bit into Cooter
Cancer got Thick'd, Nice one bud, knew you'd kick it in the butt. 👏😁
So Riggs and Murtaugh did your brain surgery?
YAAAAA YOU KICKED ITS ASSSS !!!!!
Dude we are all so thankful. This community loves this channel, and team. So the thought the any one of you could be in trouble. It’s universal heartbreak. We all love you all so much. You’re the reason My channel exists, with the content that exists on it. We literally wouldn’t be anywhere without you. Sitting at 37 subs but with a plan, and it all came from you. I couldn’t even imagine a world without thick44 taking every game and destroying it, and completely screwing it up sometimes. Cause you’re a risk taker. I’m so happy you’re ok, but, we will kill this.
FUCK YEAH THICK!
The Tumor got Thicked! Have a speedy Recovery!
Locally sourced Crabs in those hospital CrabCakes.
great news, so many games to play, grats
Thick looking THICC
Thank you guys for the update!
THIS IS WHY WE NEED UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE LIKE EVERY OTHER GOD DAMN MODERN COUNTRY. it's criminal that people have to become bankrupt because of the greed of corporate insurance
Your the man… Mr. Thick
Good news glad to hear it I'm glad u didn't get thicked in there
Much Love Thick!!!!!!!!!
So glad to hear your voice Thick and to hear you guys all having a good laugh!  My landlord had stage 4 cancer and I was taking family photos for them as they were preparing for the worst. He had surgery and chemo and a year later he's doing great. He's in remission, slowly getting his energy back and back to doing everything he loved. He had positive energy and was determined to stick around for his family plus most importantly they caught it, removed what they could and the chemo got the rest. I know you can beat this and am sending positive vibes and strength.
That thumbnail looks like a mug shot
Sheesh. You are more brave than I! I'd never agree to be a lab rat with brain cancer!  Are you sure it didn't damage any brain cells?? 😁😉
Great to hear that you are doing well
The Two dislikes must be from the Tumor and its Ghost account.
That's a fucking human man warrior, right there
Long Live the Wyvern King❤
Went to have a Routine Surgery (Gallbladder removed).  When they started to cart me off.  And started to gas me.  I told my wife in front of the Doctor "Dont let them Touch my Penis".  After they laughed.   I said,  "they can look at it, cant touch it".
Jeez so much emotion in the comments for someone these people don't know. Y'all like YouTubers that much? I mean I'm glad he made it but why u guys crying and stuff?
😌
What does cancer cost in the US?
Glad your feeling better brother. Luv from across the pond. #tumorgotthickd
congratulations on getting the tumor out i’ve been watching y’all for a long time i couldnt imagine not having the whole crew. keep it up stay strong💪🏾✅
Everyone knows the only thing to eat at a hospital is turkey and mashed potatoes. So happy he got through the surgery
I'm glad to hear Thick has pulled through so well but both of these podcasts on thick progress have shocked me at how the medical costs are different to here in the UK. From someone who is lucky enough to have our health care free (at the moment) the prices they charge you sound absolutely criminal. So glad the community have stepped up to help you with this insane bill
I can hear it in your voice Dora, and I feel you. I knew you would kick this tumor's ass, Thick. It was nobody.
I’m sorry Thick44 man. I’m really wishing you the best and we’re all so proud of you. You keep me fighting everyday. I hope we can do the same for you. Cant wait to see you back at things again ♥️ BUT OF COURSE take your time. Do what’s best for you. We all care about your well-being first before any game 🙏
We all love and support you Thick!
If Thick coulda kept it, totally put it in a Jar and name is Thick22
Who the hell Disliked this!? This Is More Valuable Than Gold!
Hey thick, you are a dick. But we love you. Good to hear.
All hail Thick44, Human man warrior!  Much love and positive vibes to you, for a complete recovery. It'll take more than a poxy tumor to take you out, my friend!
Simon: Are you a man? Tumor: well... Thick: I am and you're a nobody.
Oh I ment glad lol 😁😁😁
I am glad I had prepared myself mentally to morn just in case I am so glad that he is ok
Glad you made it out ok thick
Cancer ain't got shit on thick he's a WARRIOR! CANCERS NOBODY!
Tumor, do you even know who i am!! -thick44
Relieved the surgery went well, you got this dude, big love ❤️💪🏻
well thank God hes doing better and the doctors did their job,  now show us the tumor lol would be cool to see what i looks like, ya the bio's about dead wrestlers were not good, over all they were ok
Heh, I always had a feeling thicc had a chunk of brain missing.   But seriously though, I’m glad they got the sucker out of there. Here’s hoping for a long, healthy future!
I'm sorry to hear its cancerous but im so happy to hear that you caught it early and that your odds are good :)
should have woke up and talked with a British accent. fucked with everyone hahaha
Based on the thumbnail they were spot on with the incision.. shame they didnt go with the phalic shaped incision
That tumor got thick'd
Good News.  Keep positive guys!
Dukes a great hospital when it comes to treatment. Glad you're feeling better!!! I hope the best for you.
My stepfather was diagnosed with cancer a few months ago. My father passed a few years ago. So he was a big father figure in my life. Its terrible seeing the shit he goes through. Now papa thicc has it. This world sucks sometimes...
Glad Your Back Thick, Hope your feeling well.
Dude chemotherapy has many ups and downs you will have wild and crazy dreams but you’ll enjoy’em and one last thing…hiccups are normal.
That is a relief
Oh hell yeah, glade you're ok Thick 😀😀👍👍👍
i cant believe people disliked this vid
WELCOME BACK THICK!!!!!!
Man I was having such a bad day and have been grumpy all morning and then I saw this and it just completely changed my mood and put things back into perspective... im so happy you're ok thick. Never thought I'd feel they way I do about someone I don't know. Much love to the best gaming channel ever! You guys are absolutely the best... thank you guys for all your hard work. ❤
Yaaaaay Thicc's not dead.  When can we start making the Charlie Brown jokes?
Prayers brother 💯
The Wyvern King will soar anew! You absolute Warrior!
Glad to hear you Thick!  Best wishes to you!
I know you can survive this 👍
Stay strong Thick!
LOL "fucking crab cakes?" ....IM CRYIN
I get hungry immediately after surgery as well. I don't stop bugging the nurses until I get some form of food.  PS Glad you're okay Thick!
Im glad you made through it safely.. not sure what I would do with out my thick44...
Even better that it was caught early that is the best news.
Thick I've been praying for you brother! You are one of my favorites of neebs Gaming we cannot lose you my friend!
So good to hear ya voice Thick44!!! Can’t wait to hear you back on the gameplay videos! You’re an absolute champion and it’s so good to hear you’re on the mend! ❤️❤️❤️
He finally got that burrito!
Hope you’re okay, Thick! 💪
Yessssss..all the best..
I'm so glad the surgery went well. Now let's start the bidding on those head staples 🙃
Can't believe that within the space of two weeks you discovered you had a brain tumour, had it taken out, got back home and already doing another video update with the boys. Life is a crazy-arse ride.   Great to hear you doing well, and in such high spirits. World Peace has got to be a piece of piss now you've defeated death! LFG!  Neebs - Were you flying British Airways? I saw a show once about how they give the flavour of their food a kick, because at 37000ft your tastebuds aren't so great. Maybe you're just more sensitive to the added flavour intensity than the other guys?
Does this mean he thick this too
Been subbed for 5yrs cried when heard this few videos ago your channel is so entertaining and finishing a long shift at work to kick back and relax hearing you guys banter and argue is just amazing can tell a mile away your all close . and just wanted say thicc i had tears in my eyes hearing your ok . much love brother of my wife and i and our girls . god bless
I’m so glad that Thick is doing good, my friends and I always watch your videos.
So glad you're okay Thick!!! I watch you guys playing ARK while I play lol! Love ya guys!!!
Its so good to hear that voice.
Yes praise the Lord thank God you doing okay players will still be with you happy to hear your voice thick 44💙🙏🙏🙏🙏😍😘😍🙏🙏
Thicks Back! Welcome Home!
Great to see thick is ok you guys are my favourite group of YouTubers it would never be the same if something happened to one of you  but if I was thick I would have acted like Ted did in the movie Ted when he got put back together he acted all fked up
He got his inhibitor chip removed.
Hell yeah thick44 glad that you are ok
Knew you'd kick it's ass <3 Thank you guys for the update, my girlfriend and I were worried Also now I'm picturing a female Neebs, and Idk how to handle that
Great to hear Thick doing better. What a Hunan Man Warrior
The hospitals Jell-O is highly recommended I hear.  :)
fu**in happy to hear your voice and that it seems everything will be good.
I am SO happy for you! Wishing you all the best Thick!
don't worry about it
Wasn't expecting to hear thick's voice this early but I'm glad I got this unexpected surprize. Wish you get fully healthy quick.
How to perform brain surgery with ketchup
🤞For you thick! You got this!
Hell yeah recon is back and better than ever
"Try the crabcakes at the hospital" Lmfao the only edible food at a hospital is brought in by nurses or interns
Glad everything went well Thick!
Awesome news, so glad to hear it went well, your THICK44 it was nothing!
It's so fucking good to hear you Thick!!!!!!!
Heck yeah, way to go Thick!  Also, am I the only one that wants them to do a video of a brain surgery from Surgeon Simulator, but have parts of the audio from Thick's brain surgery spliced in?  I think that could be hilarious lol
I'm glad you're doing okay Thick and hopefully it continues to go well. So glad that you guys keep the humour around this and you got this, all your fans are behind you 💘
WOOO! THICK44 LIVES! Glad to have ya back buddy! <3 also who tf is disliking this video?
Omg yes needed this
That tumor got thicked....
Good to hear from needs gameing make good content
yeah!! im glad the tumor is out and you're recovering <3 we love you thick!
they zoomed in on it and saw it had a purple 44 on it and were like yup thats aggressive alright..but its NOTHIN! its a NOBODY! the Dr took that tumor out and screamed Your Nooobody Tumor! and he looked over and even tho Thick was unconscious he was still able to give a thumbs up! sendin ya all the love bud! for a fast recover and because youll always be our One True Hu-Man Man Warrior!  Keep kickin Ass 💙💙💙
You will come back stronger Thick.  Get well soon.
if you dislike this video you are a menace to society
Glad he finally got that burrito!
I GET TO SEE THE VIDEO DROP EXACTLY ON MY BIRTHDAY 😂😂
Welcome back thick! Get better soon! Love the videos!
You got this Thick!
Be strong Thick!!! Lots of love man! *Glad the doctor wasn't a Cooter fan*
Great news
Tumour's been thick'd
I love you guys for real. Dudes my age playing video games just like me
Thank goodness they found it early. Make sure to rest up, we need all of you guys together always. Best wishes to you and your family Thick. Keep gettin them kills 💪 😎 👏
Great news!!! Keep it up
Hey I eat hospital sushi
Never clicked on a video so fast.
YAY THICK44!!! SO HAPPY TO HEAR YOUR RECOVERING BROTHER!
That's our HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!
Love you Thick44. (And here is something to irritate Neebs... I'm only 4 minutes into the video and I'm commenting already! mwhahahaha!)
Thick44 I wish you your fastest recovery
They got the toomer out yayyyyyyyy it was canserues ohhhhh
I luv you all
So glad you didn't get thicked by the surgeon!!!! Happy to have you back!!! Keep the dick jokes coming!!!!
I woke up at 2am for this, glad to hear the good news. Stay strong everyone, you've got a great team and family supporting you through this!
Good to hear from you Thick44!
Love you brother. Stay strong your a fucking warrior.
It's so great to hear Thick with the guys. Glad to hear they caught it early, you got this Thick, we are here for you. 💜 #FuckCancer
Everyone pay tribute and yell with me LONG LIVE THE WYVERN KING!!!
So happy your out man! love you bros ....my boi Blu
So glad ur ok thick
Cancerous tumor 0 Thick44 man warrior 1000 let's go
FYI The staples are biodegradable, so they will eventually dissolve
Good to see thick is alright Neebs gaming is not the same without him. And thick tumor Is Nobody
Did they remove the tumor with jeep stuff?
You can overcome everything thick. Keep positive
That tumor got to the nether realm. Waiting for it ,on a park bench, was a stoned Argentavis. It took one look at the tumor and started laughing.
CANCER CANT KILL YOU YOUR THICK44!!!!
We love you dude. Much love guys.
So happy to hear thick again, I was constantly worried since last video about he’s got a tumor. And @Glock9 also mentioned this in his latest video, so happy to see gamers supporting and loving each other. Get well soon thick, you’re the  human warrior!
Glad to see you up and creating chaos as normal
HOSPITAL CRAB CAKES ARE REALLY GOOD
The dislikes on this video are the cancer cells
Do we really think a tumor stands a chance against a HUMAN-MAN-WARRIOR?!?!?  EVERY DAY IS LEG DAY FOR THICK44, DON'T LOOK AT MY GIRLFRIEND!!!!!!
You Rock, Thik!!! You got this, man! You're a warrior!
glad youre better man
That tumor was a nobody! Good on you Thick, may you have a quick recovery and no returns of the Nobody.
So glad to hear Thick is well. What’s also amazing is from all the stories since this channel first started neebs is always there. What an amazing friend. I aspire to be as great
🥳🥰❤ so happy for you bud!!!!
Who gives this a thumbs down really?
Gosh…it’s so good to hear Thick44’s voice again! Stay strong and kick that cancer in the sack 💪
Pain is temporary, chicks dig scars, glory is forever.  Feel better thick 😁
Glad to hear Thick's back. Good to hear he's ok
Who are the assholes that dislike a video like this. Also glad your better thick
Tumor: I got you thick!  Thick: Your NOBODY! 😆
Man I love the support system they use on each other, these are true friends, glad to hear from thick and that your out of the hospital. Wish you a fast recovery!!
O shit hope youll get better
Hospital food:. Now you know what they do with all the tumors they remove
Thick, another fan who wishes you speedy recovery, and the best possible outcome.  Glad to hear you got that burrito.
Glad to hear your voice THICK44!!!!!!!! Love all you guys!!
So glad to hear the Dr is confident they got it all. Now it's time to make sure any left over cells that were too small to see are thicked completely. You sound so good! Glad to hear you laughing & ready to play again!
Because of the situation we will have to ceasefire on using the word Thick'd. You get a free 3 month pass. #Thick44 what do you think?
Glad thick didn’t get “thick’d” 😂 get well soon! 🧡
Thick flirting with the doctor after surgery
We're glad to see your alright Mr wyvern king warrior
This day can't get better than this glad to hear your back Thick we knew u can do it nothing messes with Thick44
The Gods are good. Glad you're ok.  We will keep you in our prayers.  🙏❤
Glad to hear you're doing alright Thick (:   We were all here behind you and supporting you.
Thank God.
scary that it was cancer... but thank god that caught it in time.
Legit got a little worried when I saw the notification.
Welcome back Wyvern King!!
Glad your feeling better and surgery went well. Speedy recovery Thick!!!!
Glad to hear you’re ok thick
Thick’s a strong independent woman , he’s gonna kick its ass . It would take a nuke to take thick out . Ps which absolute troll cunts disliked this video
Super happy to hear thick’s voice  hope a quick recovery
Live thick. We need you too suck at games live for 40 more years.
Wow that's terrifying. Glad he's alright.
Great news!
My family and i are so happy youre doing at least semi-ok!
Stay gold brother, stay gold!!!
My lunch is saved
Yah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thick44 says to cancer ." your Nobody!"
I'm with Dora glad it was caught early. I think he deserves a thick'd pass for a while. #ManWarrior
Thank God things seem good . Lots of love and we'll wishes to you thick .
Glad the surgery went well. Hope you have a speedy recovery!!
Thick proves why he is the first mate to Captain Appsro, and the toughest pirate on the Sea of Thieves
We are routing for you Thick! as well as your family. God Bless you.
Who dislikes a update video like this! ! Wtf  Guess you pissed off a few guys playing warzone. Haha
You're the man thick. Hang in there.
Thick = 1, Cancer = 0
Thank you for the update guys, I appreciate you keeping it light. Love you Thick!! You are in all of our hearts. Best of luck with recovery my friend, you are human man warrior strong!
So glad you're good. You got this Thick. We were all sitting on the edge of our seats for the past couple of days. Will pray for you.
Fantastic update! Prayers and all the love for you Thick!
So Thick’s surgery was like a scene from Toonstone with the old gunslinger and the maverick? Thick: “So what’s gonna happen with this surgery?” Nurse: “Me don’t know. Me ask land.”
the battle is won, but the war is not. keep fighting, big man, not much left to defeat
Man i love this guys, turning this to something funny and entertaining, well it is a good thing that everything went well with your surgery, we all knew you’d kick that tumors butt cuz your thick 44.
I’m just jealous that Thick and Dora are going to snuggle and watch Bo Burnham’s special 😂 I wanna snuggle with Dora!   Really though, glad everything went well, Thick! You’ve got this!
The return of the king
All love thick! Hope you’re doing ok brotha
Whatever happened to the Burrito?
Almost cried hearing his voice. You 5 guys have been provided hundreds of hours of entertainment for me for a decade and I can’t thank you enough.
I'm glad they got that shit. You're a fuckin warrior
Long live the wyvern king!
Thank the  gods .
Thick, you’re my favorite! I’m so glad to hear you doin well. I’m hoping for your speedy recovery.
Neebs family you’ve done more for me and my mental health than you could possibly imagine.. this honestly feels like a family to me. best of luck thick44! Thinking of you!
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self🎈
🥰 sending good thoughts 🙏
Glad to hear everything went well! My thoughts on a full and speedy recovery, man!
Love Love Love.
I’m not much for religion but THANK GOD they got you taken care of quickly! Nothing can keep down THICK 44 HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!!!! 💜🖤💜🖤 much love to you all and keep up the good spirits fellas!!
Prayers up stay strong
Yay thick’s alive. Hope you stay healthy
People actually disliked it...what is wrong with the human race?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great to hear your well human man warrior, that tumour was nobody. I wish all my patients were as positive as you to receiving and recovering from treatment
Good to hear your voice
Yall should livestream the surgery footage!
Love yall.
Can't wait to watch this after work, just glad to see the news is good!
So glad to hear your voice!
You keep on going Man
Thank God everything has worked out so far
Only in Battlefield
So pleased that the surgery went well for you thick and great to hear your back with the rest of the neebs gaming crew
Its great to hear all the guys together joking around
You are an absolute inspiration Tony, I’ve lost both my parents to cancer so I know how hard it can be but your positivity and strength is just amazing. Keep it up you man warrior
The human man warrior lives! \o/
Glad everything turned out ok
Thick's brain surgery but we animate the tumors
Wyvern King we need you to survive for many many years to come your legacy must be eternal damnit, Thick I'm glad you didn't Thicc it up.
Tell the cancer you're Thick44!!
Thank you so much for the update. We're all pulling for you. You can do this.
So glad to hear ur back Thick!!!!
Glad you're back. Told you that tumour was getting Thick'd 💪
OK one down one to go you got this.
I am so happy for you Thick. Congrats on a successful surgery.
Tears of joy from a long time fan.
that a warriors
I'm so sorry that you got cancer my dad has a tumor we don't know it's cancerous or not
It's AMAZING to hear your voice Thick!  So glad you're recovering well ❤️. Much love!
Flirting with the Doctor you sly fox
Awesome news. Hope everything will be good in the future for you thick !!!
Thick, I am so glad that damn tumor didn't THICK you and I our family is pulling for you and your family.  Let's get back to GAMING!
That cancer is going to get Thick'd!!!!!!!
Fuck yea! Glad to hear the news. Kick ass Thick❤️
Thick good to hear from ya!  Thoughts coming from CO!
THICK!  THICK!  THICK!  THICK!  THICK!  THICK!  THICK!
Aaaand I'm crying. KICK ASS WYVERN KING.   LOVE YOU BROTHER.
Damn right Thick! Wooo!
I know it's scary being confronted with this kind of unknown, but I'm so glad you're getting through this! Everyone is pulling for you, Thick!!
Keep an eye on your blood pressure, buddy. Heart attacks have a likelihood to sneak up on you during stuff like this.
Thing is that it messes up your  head shape and it can take a toll on some people
It's great everything went well.
Glad everything went well brother! Cooter is watching over you right now! Hoping for a speedy recovery from all of the NeebsGaming family in Florida!
Was worried about ya bro
kick it's ass thicky
Thick 44  He protecc He attacc He is a human man warrior king  And most importantly, he bacc
Good news, i wish a speedy recovery :)
good to hear the surgery went well, prays and love go out to you for a safe recovery
Now all I’m wondering if he said “I’m thick44 and your nobody”
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OKAY THICK!!
Glad to hear about the burrito
Was watching Black Summer and as soon as I got a notification, I clicked super fast lol. I'm so happy you're okay Thick! We love you much! ♥️♥️♥️
This makes me happy. Glad you're doing ok Thick. I hope your recovery is swift.
so glad everything went well.  hope for nothing but good health and prosperity for you.
Looks like cancer doesn't know his name!!!!
Get well man
As a cancer survivor I wish you luck . Cancer get THICKED
Been thinking about you thick. Great news that you are OK. 🤗
Thick, I'm so glad you're ok. You've been in our thoughts.
It’s so good to hear Thick’s voice. 💜💜 keeping you in my prayers 💜
Great news thick44 keep on trucking
Congrats on the successful surgery hope you get better
I'm so glad Thick is alright!!! Much love to you guys, stay strong
Yesssss he made it glad it went well
Tumors can’t stand up to Thick44
Great news!!!! fantastic that they got everything out! u didn't hear "Prooomootttttteeddddd" when u woke up?
Happy to hear the prognosis is good and hopeful! Still pulling and praying for you Thick!
All is well!
Happy to hear you came through the surgery, you got this Thick. That cancer is NOBODY!!
Get better Thick44. Love the work you do.
You are Thick44 the King 👑
!!!!!  Fuck yes. I love you guys.
Yay
Yay!
You can't stop the Wyvern King, stupid cancer.
Great news!!! Thanks for the udate.
Thank god
That tumor got thick'd
This meatloaf is shitty😂
Who disliked!?
Been waiting for this video, take good care Thick!! We love you man!
Thick had a cancerous tumor?
BEEEEEEEEEEEEET Thicks back!
Human Man Warrior! :)
Thickkkkkkkkkkkk!
Hell yeah, glad to hear your voice.
THICKKKKKKKKKKKK, my fav warrior human man. Quick recovery Mr. Just in time, new Ark map. HIT ITTTTTTT
Glad you are out and doing well, Thick! Please continue to take care of yourself. Want to see the whole Neebs Gaming Crew continue to kick ass together!
Hoping for a quick recovery! You've got good friends!
Who the hell disliked this?
WOO!!!!!!!! THICK IS BACK!!!!!!!!!
🌯
Awesome to hear when i first woke up today. Been wondering how things went. Glad it went well, nice to hear u laughing
glad to hear good news. thick you'll be healed up soon. prayer's and good vibes.
My wife and I are happy your doing well sir.
That cancers NOOOOBODYYY
Who the hell dislikes this?!
Instaclicked 😂😂 Even got my mom interested in the whole ordeal
Cancer don't have shit on Thick44 Human Man Warrior
GLAD YOUR ARE BACK!!!!       GOD SPEED ON THE RECOVERY!!!!
We love you thick. Stay strong you superhuman
Think we love u man thank God all went well good to have u back man
Good to hear think 44 voice
Awesome news! Glad they got it all Best news in a long time
Glad to hear you thick!
Great news, so happy you are good and well, love this family, got me through whole lots of stuff, love u all
I literally cried at the announcement  and cried when I seen your first Twitter after surgery!! We cannot lose you, your the human man warrior, thick44!!!!!!
You fucked that tumor up. Hope you have a speedy recovery and pathology comes back good.
Glad you are ok Thick
Thank you guys so much for all of your support! It means everything to me!!!!
Congrats on the surgery Thick! I’m happy to hear it went well!
Glad everything went well Thick, hope you manage to kick it ❤
I love you Thick ..  Glad your ok...
Let’s fucking go!!!!
Take care and get well soon. You and all of you are in my thoughts and prayers
Woot woot His back Happy Your Alright Thick
Glad your doing ok Thick! We're always behind you man! Keep staying positive
💪🏾💯❤️😎
Thank Goodness. Stay strong Thick!
I'm just so happy your OK thick
Dear Thick, Kisses.
YAAAYYY!! Figures crossed it doesn’t come back dude!
Glad to hear surgery went well! You’re in my prays Thick
Awesome I'm glad you're ok thick
So glad to hear they were able to get all of the tumor. Aggressive cancer is no joke and so glad you were able to catch it early.
I'm so happy you're good Thick 44 was praying hard for you buddy!!
Anybody get the plate on the car that got thick? Anyways we're glad to hear you're doing alright buddy, wouldn't be neebs gaming without the whole crew mate
I'm so happy for you Thick, that's awesome
Thick44 gets kills
So happy thicks ok
Get well soon Thick!!!! We love you!💜
Love you guys! Glad to hear you're out of the hospital, thick! 😊
no penis shaped scar afterall?! how dissapointing 🤣
Bds? Bid dck syndrome
I’m glad your gonna be okay Thick
So glad thick is good these videos and like documentation on here and thick’s insta has been comforting as my grandad is going through the same thankyou all so much for all the joy you bring me 😁😁😁😁
Must be a relief for you. I'm glad you're doing better, Thick.
Get well Thick you champ, human man warrior!
Yes you got the Burrito! Love you and the crew so glad it went well !!!
Glad everything went well
Coming from someone who as multiple scars on his face that scar on you're head looks sick. Frankenthick44! I hope recovery goes well and the future is bright man!
Fuck YEAH! Glad to see you back Thick. o7
Yay - all positive vibes for Thick-the-Maverick!!
I'm glad you guys are being pretty damn positive Everyone's happy to hear you're doing well man
Thick: they got the tutor out! Everyone: YAY Thick: it was cancerous! Everyone: ohhh Thick: the doctor says I have a good chance Everyone: YAY
I'm glad ur ok man
Did you try telling the cancer you're Thick44? Seriously though stay strong man
GLAD TO SEE THICK44 HOME AND RECOVERING
Love you dude, God bless
I had no idea! You got this buddy!!!
Wonderful to hear your voice Thick!
Dang staples?? I've had a few but he had quite a bit, ouch man f u c k i n g great to see you up Buddy! Keep it easy.
🙌🏼
So glad so see you're okay
Wishing you and your family the best, Tony. Cancer is a real son of a bitch.
Glad they got it out bro, as always love ya guys!
😘
Glad to hear everything went well. Get well soon man
Everyday I'm happy to be a part of this community. We love you guys, and we are pulling for you Wyvern King.
Whoop whoop thick 44
Praise GOD, your through surgery!
Thicc44 as Jason Statham in Thicced! Coming this fall.
i love all yall. im listening to this now but I just wanted to show love.
Congrats Thick!!! Cant wait for many more Neebs Gaming Videos with you and the guys.
Hell ya thick. Glad to see your doing good in a situation like this and have high spirits.
Well now you can be Frankensteins monster for halloween
Yes!! We're all so glad everything went well!
Woof. That's good to hear man. Everyone over here has been worried for yah.
Thank god thick!!! Your amazing and you guys take care of him. Love ya guys.
Good to hear, wouldn't be the same without:   THICK 44!!!  😂👍
That tumor got thicked
Glad Thick is better ❤️
Congratulations I'm happy the surgery went fine and you got it quick, I hope your feeling good and it's all great from here on out, love you guys to many more
Congratulations on your surgery thick!! Hope you make a full recovery.
Have you noticed a change in how you act?
Good to have you back Thick!
So so so glad to see he's out and recovering! here's to hoping you're okay from here on out, we all love you Thick!
That scar shape is perfect for a real Human Man Warrior! (Just like a horse iron shoe...good luck with the treatment man!)
Best of luck Thick, much love!
Yey! Ooooh 🤔 fuck cancer thick! Hope you are ok!
Thank god he ok I love you thick
Happy for you thick you are a fighter
Hell yeah!
Cooter was watching over you...begrudgingly
Glad to see you're doing well, Thick
Awesome to hear Thick again and sounding like the Human Man Warrior that he is!
fuck yeah!!!!!
His tumor got THICKKED!!!
Keep on kicking ass thick. <3
I so happy for you thick
Glad to hear your voice
Yay! Glad to hear you are doing well, Mr. Thick44!
I’m glad to here that thick is good
Hooyah Thick! Glad to hear you're good!
Thank you sis44 for telling thick to go to the doctors! 🙏
That cancer is gonna get Thicked hard!! Cant take out the human man warrior that easily! Its nobody!! 💪
Thank god the Wyvern king is ok We are all here for you Thick44
Love you guys!! I’m glad thiccccck it okay! Much love to you guys!
Can we get the link for donation on here too?
I'm so happy to hear that they caught it and removed it. I hope you heal well and fast!
Glad your well
Im so happy for you thick! Long live the wyvern king!
We love you thick!!
Let’s go at least they got it out, happy for u thick!
LETS GOOOOO THICKK. Glad your back!!!! LETS GOOOOOO
"Tumor, you're nothing!" - Thick   #HospitalDix
This is great to hear. So happy to hear he’s better
Human Man Warrior!
OMG YOU ARE SUCH A HUMAN MAN WARRIOR!!!! We love you Thick!!
Glad you're doing good keep it up
Glad to hear some good news thick! We love you wyvern king
Glad to hear your ok thick
Glad to hear the good news
All the best dude
got the tumor out after getting it for being way too rad! nice to hear it went well, buddy! I'll be sure to open a drink in your name whilst wearing my neebs merch!
Hearing his voice was such a sigh of relief. Almost brought me to tears.
All the best to you Thick!! The Doc was right - The Wyvern King has a better chance than most!! YOUR THICK44
ThickHeaded44 😍🥰😍
Well done Thick, glad your doing better and congratulats on the successful surgery
Never clicked on a video so fast!
Hell yeah congrats
Man Warrior Thick
Nice to know that happy you made it
Thick: But it was cancerous!  Everyone: *groans*
SOOO glad youre alive Thick!!
Yes!!!!
Cooter was watching over Thick44
Thick has cancer??
Thank you for keeping us updated! Get well, Thick!
Glad your alllllll good bro
Good luck bro.  Praying for you.
I love how you have handled this thick. I’m so proud of you. Keep fighting dude. You have so much support
Great to hear your voice Thick! I hope you have a speedy recovery!
We all support you thick take care of yourself
Love you guys congrats thick  Good luck on the recovery you guys are awesome
I knew Thick44 would kick that tumors ass
Glad to see you back. Best of luck in the future.
Fucking rights thick!!
Thoughts are with you thick.
Hope you stay safe ❤️
I am happy everything went well Thick, love you man. And that's funny as hell you wanted to keep it lol, I can imagine you pointing at it in a jar saying YOU'RE NOTHING!
Welcome back Thick!! That tumor didn't know who you were!! You're Thick44!!!! Raaaaagh!!!
Happy to hear you're good man!
WOOOOOOOOO THICK. SO GLAD THAT YOU'RE OKAY.
"Crack for sale" "i have crack for sale" plus lane i didnt know he had a tumor n its cancerous
Never clicked so fast.. glad ur ok and back thick.
Awesome!!! So happy yer good Thick, hope everything keeps going positive for you, love ya, man.
Yayayay
Hope you have a good recovery
Absolutely great too here your good mate
The doctor was mirin' you.
Glad to hear that the human man warrior is back!
Glad its out Thick! Hope you heal well and hope it all ends up okay!
Yay! Glad to know it’s out! But worried that it’s cancerous! You got this thick!
Glad to see thick doing good he truly is a human man warrior
Good vibes for thick44
Im glad thick is doing better and that he got the tumour out quick
Big Shirley and the other chickens are rooting for you Thick
Glad that our human man warrior is doing better
Good luck dude
Happy to hear your out and doing better thick!!
Good to know o wait cancerous never mind
Same journey bro
Good to hear your okay Thick. Your a man WARRIOR. Get better much love. 💙💜💚💯
Eiii what up thick!!!Dam well you kick that tumors butt
It’s awesome that thick is doing good I hope everything goes great
Yee ol tumor necklace!
We love you thickkkkklk boi
Thick that shit, thick.
Congrats on a successful surgery
Glad you're doing better Thick!
Glad to hear ur ok thick
I swear to good if I see even one dislike I'm gonna loose my cool
Love you guys and hope your recovery goes well thick
Happy to see thick acting like himself, but I know he’s going to recover!
Coming from a fellow brain tumor, and subsequently cancer survivor, hang in there thick!!!!! Be strong. I got you in my prayers.
I’m here 2 seconds after it was uploaded but I hope your doing better thick!!!
Glad your still here! You guys support each other the way guys should, making fun of the whole situation. All we have at the end is laughter!
Thick has friends that can get him through anything lol
imagine if he did actually keep it in a locket 💀
That tumor got thicked aafaf
Gd to hear you back thick
Glad to hear everything is okay! Hope it stays out. Cancer is a bitch. So yeah feel better!
I didn’t watch the vid yet but uh idk, dang it was cancerous
bro long live the thickk
We are with you
We love you Thick44. Hears hoping for a speedy and full recovery. Much love
Little less aerodynamic but that’s ok
We love you man💖 Get well, you're THICK44!!!
Good to hear thicks voice
First*
Yay!!
Yayayayaya love yaaa
Even the tumor got Thick'd
Let’s go thick kick cancer’s ass!
Welcome back!
Love you guys. Tumor got Thick'd by the doctors ❤
Yaaaaaay!!! We heart you!!
Glad to have you back ❤️
Hope you get well soon! Love y thick!
Yaaay!!!
Yay
😭
Hi
God bless thick. Good to hear you doing better mate. Cheers
Yaaaa he’s alive
Happy your doing good thick44!
I wish you all the best
Did It go with no problem
GOOD TO HEAR YOU! <3333 much love thick! hope for a quick recovery!
Yeaaaaaah Thick is back and sounds great!!  The human man warrior says fuck cancer!
Good to hear thik is back 😊
Welcome back 🙏 ☺
Thiccckkkkkk yea
Woohoo!!!! Thick44!!!!!! Love you man!!! ❤️❤️
I'm so happy he made it!
Much love Thick!!! Good to hear your voice bud!!
Thick44❤️
<3
The king of kings is back
So there I was ……
Yay he out
skidaddle
First
Glad you're feeling better man
Firsy
I'm early
Yay he's back
Thanks for the update
congrats hope your better at video games now
Thick was In desperate need of surgery
Yay for Thick
glad thick’s doing ok! love you guys.
Who else thought the video said thicc surgery update
He lives!
Howdy fellas
Welcome back Thick!
🥳
I didn't even know Thick needed Surgery!@
Yay well done thick
HOORAY FOR THE KINGS RETURN
Woot woot 👍🏼🎉
Glad everything went well.
THIIIIIIICK!!!!!!!!! LONG LIVE THICK44 THE WARRIOR!!!!
I FUCKING LOVE YOU THICK
Hi
Hi
Yay thick!
Yay!!!
I hope it’s good! Update: it is!
He lives!!!!!!!
God bless
Pog moment
Thick!
!!
I'm so happy your doing ok!!! #thickstrong
Hi
I hope you are ok thick
First
:)
Yay! Yes
Get well soon <3
Is Thick shorter now?
Very happy for you
Glad your doing good!
Finally
Oh man. We love you Thick... Stay strong. Be positive.
Yay
Heyyyyy congrats man
Congratulations
First
Yay!!
What's up
Yay
Ayyyy
Pog
