Them greens look horrendous. Ball was jumping everywhere
I’m sorry but for Open qualifying the greens weren’t up to scratch. My course never has as many bobbles….ever. I feel for you
Greens are horrible! The word Bobbly comes to mind as you put and the ball takes to the air. For every really bad game there's an equally good one as that is golf.Looking forward to that one")
Oh Boy. That is like putting on Jack Nickelsons butt cheeks
Pete, have u tried yoga? 🙂
Not sure what you could have done better on the green. Early season greens are left rougher to encourage growth for the remainder of the season and those green were a challenge all by themselves.
very honest set of videos, and this is appreciated. keep swinging pal and the putts will drop.
On decent greens you would have shot so much better! Ball was bouncing rather than rolling :(
Bouncy greens, and you still putted well. Solid round.
Those greens look awful. Shameful.
Pete is the YouTube golfer I would most like to have a beer with. Him and Bob Berger, oh  and Fat Perez. Joey Cold Cuts also.
Funny how you say you feel more comfortable with the new putter. I thought you looked better with the armlock. Time will tell I suppose
I've seen fairways run better than those greens.
Don't worry about us mate, You know how this game can turn in any direction at any time. Lets see it turn for the best next time you play.
I love the running joke on your vids of mentioning all the comments or bad shots you can edit out, and then leave in. They make me laugh.
Great videos these to see how pros approach shots etc   And especially to gwt annoyed   Thought it was just me hahah
Those greens were just so bad...
Stay strong Pete!  You can overcome the challenges.
Great video, love the honesty. Need a link to that blue and white hat tho 👀
Unlucky Pete,those greens looked woolly and bumpy and you could have easily had a level par round if some of those putts had dropped.Where were your usual excellent drives?that to me let you down,plus your wedge play.
Those greens look awful!
This video is an honest view of your open attempt making it more difficult to play I feel to your full potential. The greens were very wooly in my opinion. The narration make me feel you are not too confident of your current form in many areas. I am sure you could be more accurate going for the flag on your approaches and not be reliant on spinning right or left back to the flag. Having watched many of your videos you certainly have the talent to play well. Hope this helps and good luck in your next attempt 👍
Not being elitist but those greens seemed awful, so many jumps around on the ball through the line. Your first two holes could have been birdies if they were pure
Greens look awful
Golf is hard! You make it look very easy sometimes. I think if you just relax and play your natural game you will start to play well again, stop over thinking it. All these tips from pro's and coaches, apps, all kinds of gimmick products that "improve your game" it's so confusing and overwhelming. Just forget all that crap, clear your mind, remind yourself that you have natural talent that all amateur golfers wish they had and go out there like your playing for the love of the game.
Keep your head ip
When you said bag of s...e. did you mean the hoodie? Or the golf?
Have found in other disciplines that a complete 10 day lay off can work wonders for confidence.. Just seems to alter your approach and can give you a good indication of where you really are without the constant pressure of, as in my case, live performance, or as in Peter's case pro competition..
Your a fantastic Golfer! keep it up
where is your sik putter
Those greens looked difficult to contend with, so take the positives from it, Pete. You put most nicely close. Very decent round overall, I’d say. Just little bits for you to work on, but nothing shocking.
Keep grinding it'll come  good luck for future comps
That's heartbreaking to watch after such a promising start.
Pete, im no pro or even claiming to be good. But we have very similar swings and when mine gets out of kilter it is my knees alignment. My shoulders and feet will look good but my hips and knees will be off. (For me left).
Dont worry about our opinion. We enjoyed your videos before you were on the open. Well enjoy then while your on the open. And well enjoy them after the open. Youll have the following, the open is a glorious bonus.
The guy who won the Korn Ferry Qualifier near my home shot -22 over 3 rounds.  7200 yds.  Windy.  Pins tucked.  He was smazing.  In the next round he shot +3, missed the cut, hopes shattered.  Guys on the Korn Ferry are absolute monsters.
Swing was looking great though…
Tough dancefloors there! Still enjoy wathcing your game man, keep at it
Was this really your worst moment as a Pro? +5 round is not too bad for essentially a practice round on shaggy greens. I don't really get the name of the video. I guess its more attractive for clicks than "need some fine tuning". Cheers
Absolutely shockingly bobbly greens there Peter. Have they rolled the greens this century??
these greens would really piss me off.  How does one hole anything on these bumpy greens?
Will you have a caddy in open quali? Should stick to links golf in early season. Putting on that sh1te is just demoralising.
Those greens were bobbly af. It was like you were putting on gravel.
Finally, I notice we have something in common. " Cleaning the club by scrubbing club to the grass"😄
greens are so bumpy and furry
Gosh those greens were ropey!
Just a couple of bobbles on those greens 😬
Good stuff , great video. Watching your tempo was a revelation… so lovely, perhaps the initial backswing is a little faster compared to your super slow takeaway from a year or two ago , but it looks more conventional. Good luck and thanks for sharing.
i understand this is an ignorant American take but alot of these courses over in england seem to be very short yardages and those greens omg they are slow and impossible to roll straight. idk its just a totally different kind of golf than im used to. its interesting
Greens looking good at Penwortham cha
Those greens look woeful, like putting on broccoli
Had to stop watching after 8 holes. What a shit hole course.
You should do a what is in your bag for the Open Qualifiers.
Greens looked like shag carpet
I am such a fan of your videos. I would say that your mindset/attitude during the competitive round was tighter/less positive than usual. The mental game is so crucial to success in any facet of life. Have faith in your game...you can compete with the best!!!
Chin up Pete very honest review you’ll get there, the videos are brilliant and love the content. I can relate to the frustration as I’m sure lots more can do and this is why we all love the game once you play it
Them greens look dreadful
can't believe how bad those greens look ?
Well done my man. You are focused on the physical aspects of the game, and it may be time to focus on the mental. A sports psychologist is invaluable in getting your mind right and helping to identify triggers and coping mechanisms for high stress situations. Best of luck and I can’t wait for the next episode!
Man those greens do NOT look easy to putt on.
It feels like your expectations are getting a bit of kilter to me. I'd try and keep realistic proximity to hole and putt make percentages in mind. You hit on to what looked about 4 foot from 65 yards and said 'not bad' and you're berating yourself for missing putts you're not always going to make. Give yourself a break, you'll enjoy it more and play better! Looking forward to the next one!
In your defense ,the greens looked awful,bumpy slow paced ,hard to judge in those conditions ,not worried you will come back strong.
Nice honest video about the struggles on the course... I would say the course doesn't look like it's in great condition so this may have a factor in decision making and poor putts. Here's hoping for some heat for these courses to recover 🙏
Couldn't find the app. Link please?
Our support deserves more effort from you?  Are you kidding?  Your putting so much more stress on yourself by filming these for our enjoyment.  Your doing great.  Proud of you.  Hope your enjoying it, if not do it for the fun and watch those scores take care of themselves.
Hi Peter. If I must be honest, it looks like you were playing more golf swing than playing your normal aggressive game. I play a ton of competitive golf and occasionally when my game is not at its best (like you mentioned before your play in the video) I start to get tentative and that doesn't produce many good things. I noticed this mostly with your iron play. I think the most aggressive iron shot I saw was the 6-iron on #10.  Anyway - for what it's worth from a +4 Handicap player. Hang in there. I know you have it in you! We've seen it. It'll come. Cheers!
wow those greens were super bumpy
I was thinking how well you were putting despite the conditions of the greens, although It wasn't the putter that got you in trouble. You'll figure out a way to minimize the mistakes and get those scores you're looking for. I love the quest series, keep grinding!
Thank you for all the hard work.  It is appreciated. This only shows how truly tough it is to score well .
Greens looked a bit rough, good effort you looked a bit more comfortable with the standard putter ⛳🏌️‍♂️
Keep working hard!! Love the content!
those greens were v bad
When was this actually filmed? Greens look terrible
Have to say your game is a lot stronger than you think, just seem to be lacking a bit of trust and confidence in yourself because of some bad breaks. Go back to your mental coaching videos from last year because I always find them really useful to go back through when I'm in the same position 👍
This is real golf. Thanks for posting and reminding us all that we don't have our best everyday. Hopefully you learned and next time even better for it
Don't worry or beat yourself up on our behalf Pete! We would still watch if you were shooting double bogey every hole!
My games a bit “meh”…. definitely relatable. 😞
Don't be so hard on yourself! You'll bring it back
Greens were terrible just like on my council course I play. Ball is jumping instead of rolling. Not sure why you blamed your pace control. It was amazing most of the time
I hope those greens run better than they look.
Keep going Pete! Form in golf turns good as quick as turns bad 🏌️‍♂️
Your putting was great, better than I've seen you putt before. As I get better at putting I miss by less and that can be even more frustrating than missing by a lot... but its a phase and you get past it. Course management and getting it close to the pin on approach.. then putt like a bandit. I play with guys in their 70's and 80's and they beat me because they do these things so well. That might be an interesting video... where you go in search of the 'old man golf' guru's to help you see a different mindset (no-one under 75). Great video Pete, stay the course.... work on the shots lost and the shots gained will look after themselves...
Most relatable vlog ever 🤣🤣🤣 I've been rubbish lately, but played recently with mates, shot 81 (2 under handicap). Full of confidence,  played first club major, shot 99, absolutely garbage!  Then went out 2 days later with mates and was -2 gross through 9 holes, finished with a 75 playing off 11. Golf is so stupid!
You’re being extremely generous in your description of those greens. I understand “they will be great in a few weeks” but I’m shocked they even played a meaningful tournament on those. So bumpy and look really thick Look at that putt on 17 (13:51)   I don’t think “committing” more to any of those putts would have mattered. Seemed like a total crap shoot to me. 🤷🏼‍♂️
Can you do a vid analysing your diver swing from this vid and explain maybe why it was off a bit maybe in a yt short vid, would be very interesting
I know the greens were hard, but I really like you with Edel putter! That fitting was 1st class
so childish for a 50yr old
Pete..... you put in a lot of hard work you just aren't seeing the results. We're all rooting for you and you have it in you. Frankly the greens on the filmed tournament were horrible IMO. I've never seen the ball hop so many times rolling to the hole. I don't know if it's the area but even I'm not used to greens that bumpy on my local muni courses here. Keep up the hard work and the dividends will pay off sooner than you think. Best of luck!
those greens look... hairy hairy hairy
Another great video, really enjoy this sort of series. Less said about the greens the better!
Awesome vid pete
Course looks horrendous
The greens look pants. Loads of bobbles and jumps etc.
3rd hole approach - "3/4 pitching wedge 130"  my arse!
If you want a confidence boost come to my club for a round, I can make anyone look great!! Keep up the good work and don’t forget, you can’t do anything about your last shot, it’s the next one that matters!!
After few years of playing golf, the youtube swing tips and snippets become very "bland". If you pick a good drill now and then it's ok but swing vise I've come to the conclusion that taking lessons or try to figure stuff out by myself are the only ways forward. In my opinion it does more bad than good trying to constraint yourself to an ideal golf swing and fixing ones swing is really personalized. Although I like the content that you have on the Sqing Quest channel. But this series here. You've really struck gold here. This is some really high value content regarding golf and I think there is a huge vacuum on youtube (or anywhere else for that matter). I'll be watching this on repeat and if the cinderella story of you actually qualifying ever becomes reality I'll book a plane ticket to UK and get myself to the Open venue to come cheer for you fiercely.
Putting better with that one but Yh the courses will only get better
You look so so much more comfortable with a traditional style putter. I’m definitely no pro, not a coach but just observation from a fan.
Great video mate!. You look a lot better with that putter in hand I reckon.
Just started to watch this video and if that is the qualifier the greens, no wonder you had a nightmare
Good to watch a really honest assessment of how you are performing. Just shows Golf. Is. Hard!
I'm rooting for you Pete! More than any other YouTuber and certainly a lot more than Rick Shiels!! (he deserved that double shank 9 for all the sly digs at you). Keep grinding brother
Your wedge play are pretty good Pete, and your putting games looking solid as well.. overall 👍 Pete. Needed more commited to your feel rather than a bunch offa techniques  which making you unhappy with your games. A lil offa techniques and more to feels then commited to it, release it as "naturally does" altogether. You got it Pete! 👍
How could anyone putt on those greens? The worst i've ever seen. The local municipal course here is 10x better. Poor Pete!
Pete you're a brilliant golfer, you just need to get out of your head and let go of the self doubt. We've seen you have some great rounds, put together birdie after birdie, shoot under par on many tough courses and in challenging conditions. You got this 💪👊
Thx for sharing this detail Pete. But really, "a few bobbles here and there"🤨?  Nah, any way you try to couch it, they were rough old greens. You'd get a truer roll down the back lanes of St Andrews 😅 As to working harder at your game, how many of the guys at the top of the leader board are also running a social media business and shooting content on a daily basis?
It's because you were wearing a hoody. You angered the golf gods with your appalling disregard for traditional attire.
Putting better without the arm lock!
Makes me wonder if he's more focused on on talking to the camera or his golf game.
Keep believing- you have the talent to make those birdies
Those greens were absolutely heinous. Even without the missteps and course management errors I don't know how anyone could expect to score on those.
Those greens are HORRIBLE!
Mate those greens looked shocking..
It's a tough course mate, u'll get it next round.. cheers
Peter - I've taken to talking through my shots since you recommended it in previous videos. It really helps me focus and I'm playing better because of it. When my head starts to go after a bad shot, it helps ground me in the moment and look at the positives of the next shot. Really appreciate all the help you give us in your videos! Cheers from Canada
I would probably quit golf if I had to put on greens that look like tee boxes. Especially in a tournament lol.
I’m so happy to see you left that horrible armlock out of your bag, regardless of quality of play here Pete…. I’m proud of you for using a real putter again
Between you, Matt, and Rick what’s happening?  You all need to share a few pints and regroup.
Tough ole time Peter, keep at it bud.
Peter,  thanks for a great video!  I am a 16 handicap so I can have some bad days and thus feel your pain.  Golf is your passion.   Keep it fun and let the chips fall where they may.  Your MOJO may just come back when you least expect it.  I will be rooting for you!
Those greens look an roll like shit
Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in his goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.   (Romans 11:22)
Putting distance looks good Pete.  They’ll start dropping!
Great video as usual. Have you ever looked into Scott Fawcett’s Decade golf?
+5 is a TERRIBLE day?! 🤣 5 lost balls is a good day for me
Make the most of your length mate. Huge weapon! Use it!
greens were terrible - our local greens much better, came on a lot last 3 weeks.
Loving the honesty Pete.  You're still a star
Great video Pete 👏🏻👏🏻 If you don’t mind me asking, what trousers are you wearing? Thanks 👍🏻
Those greens look like my nana's carpet that's always covered in cat hair. You didn't have a chance.
You know your game is there, I know it’s hard when confidence is down, but you are better than these rounds show and I’m sure all of us believe that then birdie’s will come, as they say chin up mate it will come good a some point, you to good of player for it not
Love watching this. I’m no one to give advice, but just keep it simple, and I hope you make it.
To be fair those greens were not great.
Poor greens
that course seemed kinda shite
It looked like you were putting on a gravel road. Harsh
To be fair Pete - they were the worst greens I have ever seen.  It’s not hard to roll greens
I think you’re too hard on yourself.  23 handicap here, so I’m no stranger to bad shots and frustrating rounds. When I hit a bad shot, I hum a tune, or make a joke….something to kind of reset and keep from delving into the madness of bad golf. Find your peace on the course in these comps somehow. Pretend you’re just shooting a course vlog with the boys…idk.  Love the content and I’m confident you can make the cut pal!
These idiotic thumbnails takeaway from how good the videos are. You’re not a 20 something influencer. Stay true to the channel.
Those greens looked in rough shape for a tournament.  Very bumpy.
The greens were shit
Can't be as bad as Rick's 9 on a par 3
Hey Pete, I have a question. On the 13th you hit a choked down driver out of the rough. Why did you chose a choked down driver as opposed to a 3 wood? Genuine question and not a slight in anyway.
I know you can drive better than that.  Those greens were trash, so don’t beat yourself up over putting.  Bottom line, you weren’t giving yourself a chance due to poor tee balls
Those greens were like a car on a gravel road! Wonderful vid Pete, keep pushing, I believe in ya Pete!
In your defense Pete, these are terrible courses and conditions....seems that way anyway.
For transparency Peter.... How much do you charge for a lesson ?
If you look at American golf sales stats. They sell the majority of their putters in April…….greens have started to firm up, relatively dry here in the UK yet they are bumpy with heel marks still only recovering from the winter…unless you club has a turf iron then the greens can get somewhat nasty!
You will kill it next comp mate ⛳
I love Blackburn. It’s a really tough course especially if you’re carrying! The closing holes are a real test. Always happy to play it though.
Bad day at the office dude….. Really enjoy these course vlogs 👍
Keep going Pete! Watching you struggle makes it that much better when get to see you succeed. This content is always entertaining! Thanks!
Wedges looked good.
The swing is smooth
Another good pace drill that has helped me is a leap frog drill - set one tee/marker at15 ft then a 2nd 10ft further on. Hit your first ball in between the tees, then second ball must go past the first and so on with the goal of hitting as many balls as you can before you either fail to hit past the previous ball or hit out of the zone. Try both up & down hill
The green on your first put in the video looks like shag carpet
Those greens are bouncy.
Its going to come Pete. 100%. I've watched loads of your vids and the thing that strikes me is the putting which you obviously allude to anyway. Keep going👊
Putting on those greens looked like putting on a gravel road. Wow. Way to keep fighting Pete.
Go back to the LAB putter Pete.
I could listen to you think out loud before every shot days
Those greens....look awful!  Are they rolling at a 7?  Lol.
Some fantastic Putting considering how bubbly the greens seemed.. Just have to loose that fade/slice🤔
Keep going mate. You’ll get there. I’m with you all the way!
course looked pants.
Brilliant watch. “I’ll just keep on working harder” is great to hear. The graft will be rewarded. Good to see you still have a chuckle on the 18th.
The greens look awful
Let’s Go Pete!
Bloody hell them greens are awful
The greens looked shocking pal! Your game was top notch!!! Heads up!!! You can do this!!!
The best part of this video was hearing your pre-shot thoughts going into each stroke. Despite the outcome, I think it's really good for us to hear what you think about before taking a swing in reality, not just as a tutorial video on pre-shot routines.
Come on Pete. You were smashing it when playing over in the Middle East. Chill and let the game come back. Really want to see you nail this quest 👍🏻
Those greens...
You mentioned the greens multiple times and were very gracious. They were absolute hefty bag.
I love how you talk yourself through the shot.  It is great to see it.  I promise I'm not trolling, but man you are too hard on yourself.  You hit shots that fall within Shotlink averages for PGA Tour pros and are disappointed with them.  Just for your own sanity, you should overlay the PGA Tour average and compare your result.  it would also be interesting to see.
Bro, those greens looked like you were putting on cobblestone.
Thanks for  sharing openly and honestly about your game - gives such great insight for a much less skilled golfer to appreciate the game. We know you have the game to make those birdies and avoid the bogies. Once you find a way to replicate the fun you have in your challenges you'll find yourself teeing up at st andrews with Tiger!
Don't feel bad or low mate. You're an amazing dude, awesome golfer and need to not be so hard on yourself.  Imagine if you're best friend was in exactly in your position, think what you'd say to them and say it to yourself bud! You deserve that kindness.  I took up the sport less than a year ago and struggle to shoot below 115 and it's infuriating not getting better despite trying so hard. The feeling is the same regardless of the level. It's shite, but keep it up! It'll come.
It's always going to be work, Pete .. of course you know that, what am I saying. Keep grinding for sure! It'll all come around for the better!
Golf is hard.  Respect for posting.
Please don't give up. Your Quest for the open are my favourite vids. I know it must be taxing but so many of your community love it.
Hey Pete - have you decided where you’re playing qualifying yet or you keeping that quiet for now?
Greens look awful to be fair mate
This course looked in awful shape!
Great video Pete, very honest. Good luck with the next steps!
I'm sat here in Perth where winter has descended and watching your quest in your hoodie, black, very large - go Finchy!!!
OMG what a goat track! Those greens are a joke. How you managed to keep your composure is a real credit to you mate, well done :)
Keep at it Pete. We’re all on your side!!!
Peter I try not to comment on other peoples golf, its a fickle old game aint it! However, you have a great golf swing and its painful to watch you struggle  my friend but I appaud your genuine honesty with your fans of which I am one. Short game, short game and then short game practice for you as you have pointed out and rightly focus on your putting in this video. Finally I would say that you over think things to much and thats holding the scoring part of your game back. You are not disappointing me btw as a fan you are just showing me how genuine you really are but in the first instance I would say who gives a rats patooty what anyone else thinks anyway :P. Keep it real bro, I will follow your videos with renewed interest so I can celebrate with you soon!!!
Those greens Suuuck!!!  You may have had a rough round but the greens were nothing you could depend on for consistency....too bad mate.
Greens look shocking,Iv not seen a put yet that didn’t bounce to the hole,amazing you drained anything⛳️👍
Really excited shot! If you love Golf watch the video. Answer and win a Tea-shirt 💯👉https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=m_kPlbdcm0E
Great video, golfers on youtube with editing seem to be better than pro players. But this is better, showing that everyone can be humbled by this game and always need more and more play time. I also think your putting is very good, but the greens are just horrible. If a ball start bouncing around on a putting surface, I will loose my cool.
If I was Blackburn GC I wouldn’t want this video online, them greens look shocking 😂
Greens are terrible
I think the change to the Edel putter is looking fantastic. Can beat yourself up those greens looked awful.
Loving the new putter.
How tight are those trousers!?!
I know you mentioned the greens a few times.. and I'm sure you were just being diplomatic - however, you surely can't hold a competition on greens like this???? It's essentially random as to whether the ball goes in? Defeats the purpose of playing on the green at all when two putts on exact same starting points can end either left or right of the hole randomly. Obv good to see very relatable honest golf from yourself but it's genuinely not fair that you effectively were relying on luck with those greens.
Those green were brutal!
Show us the Whoop stats for the 14th...
Should've used the stealth irons buddy ;) Love your videos Pete, some of the most relatable golf content on YouTube, still amazes me how you only have a quarter of the followers Shiels and his pet monkey have
as horrible as it is pete is only human and youll play a damn sight more bad golf than you will good golf just gives us more drive and desire to practice and work to get better we all believe in you pete you can get the ship back on track
Your game doesn't appear too far off Pete.  Just seemed to be one of those early spring days where it's cold, rainy and the course is in rough condition (especially greens).  All those elements can make it rough for pretty much anyone.  Keep at it!
Those greens look woeful
greens look absolutely rubbish
my problem with my wedges is I’m not swinging them fully through to the end. I’m hitting them like a bunker shot and lately it’s been so frustrating. I need to keep moving to finish. It’s causing me a lot of fatted and short shots. Golf can be hard sometimes
Keep it up Peter. Love your work and appreciate the work you are putting in.
Keep positive Pete! Enjoyed the watch ⛳️
You putted so much better, stop playing around with arm lock now 👍🏻🏌🏻‍♂️⛳️
New putter
If your scores were as negative as your attitude you would have your name on the Claret Jug.  You look for reasons to fail like your life depends on it. You should abandon putting drills and swing grooves and get help. You're like a lonely, unmarried, fat chick, who does nothing but complain about being lonely, unmarried and fat.
Those greens were trash
Putting on those greens would cause an instant loss in confidence
Is it just me or do a lot of them greens look more like fairways?
State of them greens! Disgraceful.
What make of putter have you changed to?
Your putting looks so much better with the Edel, I think you need a caddy to direct and reinforce your shot selections/decisions around the course.
hey Pete, massive fan of the channels and your one of the main reasons I ever picked up golf in the first place. being in Manchester have you ever thought about playing any of the courses in Sheffield? would love to catch you on a round down here in the not so distant future!
Such a relatable video, and it's so refreshing to watch someone who produces such authentic content. I'm curious, are you working with a sports psychologist? Is that something you would look to do? Your actual physical side of the game is there, but you've told us in multiple videos about how you're struggling to get the mental side of the game right. And it's not something that golf YouTube ever really seems to delve into, so it would be great to see more of that.
Mate, you are so close!! Just hang in there and find a positive mode. A caddy could definitely help you seeing the positives of your play. It will all come together, just give yourself some time/holes, for example allow yourself 3 bad shots of the tee during a round. That allows your mind to be stay relaxed and don't apply to much pressure on the next shot. Just keep going mate, you are closer than you might think!!
It’s heartbreaking when such a hard working amazing golfer shoots a rough couple of rounds but your composure was admirable.  The Edel putter seems way better on the longs for you though.  Kick some A Pete
Still it’s not the round you wanted Pete .  But your swing looked very smooth
@2.43 - "FORE RIGHT"
My unbreakable confidence is a strength to my game. Everything else is my weakness! You're the opposite! If you had my misplaced confidence you'd be on the tour breaking records!   Keep going mate. I have faith that you'll smash it
Pete,  I am by no means a golfer, I played a little bit about 25 years ago. Some would ask back then what my handicap was and I would always reply with, "my swing". But watching your content, both in your Open quest and other with guests has given me the bug again. I currently shoot sporting clays here in Australia, some call it golf but it's a lot louder. The biggest thing separating the good from the  better is the mental game. I improved my shooting by trying to focus on my current target and forget the shot before, especially if it was a miss. You know your stuff, you know your game, believe in you and the ball at your feet, what was, was, the only thing in your control when you address the ball, is the shot you are about to play. I look forward to seeing your progress.
Definitely putting too much pressure on yourself. If you get out there and enjoy it, I reckon you will shoot better. Keep it up though, the videos are great and really insightful.
Keep it up Pete, it will all come together soon, and it will be magical!
I’ve played on goat tracks .. those greens are shocking
this really shows the difference betweena social round and a comp round... keep grinding!!
The greens are horrendous
Great episode to watch Pete, really interesting to see the shots and analysis together. Greens looked crazy difficult to judge, bobbling all over the place. Looking forward to the next vlog following this format. Best of luck 👍
Greens look horrible
Golf we love you, we hate you!! It’s such a fine margins, just have to go out and enjoy, not easy, just had meltdown but next with a partner came 2nd in club competition. Good luck Pete, don’t be so hard on yourself!!
Where the greens as bad as they look in the video??? Bumps and jumps....
Pete, it's a shame to see you beat yourself up about this.   If I may, I work in the biggest office on the same floor of your Finch Golf Media studio. This is not me begging for free stuff/time, simply, anytime you're annoyed at your golf, go buzz that door, ask for the guy "who thinks he is getting better at golf" then ask me to attempt any shot you've been annoyed at and then just feel better about how bad it could have been.   Honestly, it just might be that essential 1% for the mental game to help...
Keep going Pete, you've got the game in your locker to do this! If I had to give my observation it would be that you seem to be putting way too much pressure on yourself in these events. When you play another golf YouTuber you look much more relaxed and inevitably play well and win. No red mist. You've got the game. Random thought, have you tried a sports psychologist? Maybe that could help, it would give another YouTube video at least.
Keep your head up Pete, you have got the minerals to do this. We, as viewers aren't disappointed but encouraged by what you are trying to achieve. I personally think you are putting too much pressure on yourself in that journey to make people happy. YOU, should be the first one to make happy and don't worry about the rest.  It is great that you are documenting your journey but don't care about what the viewers want to see but concentrate on you, the good days will come, once you manage you. We will watch whenever. Keep going.
Putting looked so much better with the Edel, certainly freeing you up from the armlock!
Correct me if I'm wrong but surely they can find some better courses to host these events? Just seems like the greens are in terrible condition
The greens looks absolutely horrible, the ball would be travelling towards the hole and the bobble to one side
Total admiration. Really like the format. Only thing I’d say as someone trying to do the same thing is to play it for yourself. It’s enough pressure in a normal situation. You don’t have to impress or prove anything to us. Perhaps there could be a small section on goal setting with achievable milestones that realise the goal sustainability?
greens in poor condition, ball bouncing all over the place. Great vid Pete
Come down to Woburn and I'll sort you out
Great video Pete, keep pushing yourself and don't worry about us viewers we're behind you no matter what bud✌️🏌‍♂️
These greens look horrible. The ball seems to hop more than roll. The bump it took on that hole was horrible. Really, i would blame the greens for this one. Sad to see one ball go out of bounds, thats something thats easily fixable and will win at least 2 strokes next time.  To be fair, i love how you keep us updated about your mental state. Golf is so hard because during the game you have so much time to overthink everything. Other action sports is pure reaction, golf is a slow game, and therefore so difficult to keep your mental state good.
Really enjoy this type of vlog Peter. Nowhere to hide! Definitely think your stroke looks far more solid withthis putter. Stay strong, be mighty 💪
Impossible to putt on greens like that
can you do a video on stats analysis and their definition?
On regular greens ,you would have holed quiete a few more putts. Slow and bumpy..
it's incredible how engaged you feel when watching this honest video. Keep up the good work! This is some proper real golf
Really appreciate the candidness of play/result/assessment. Those greens though, a 'lil rough; hard to practice that with any consistency to be honest!  You've got the shots my friend and we're behind ya ... No worries.  When the course is against (and the powers-to-be are too), change it up and play str8t --- Up and Down, no voo-doo.   Be Safe
You were robbed by the greens. At least 5-6 putts should have dropped. Bumpier than a herd of turtles 🐢   Keep fighting the good fight 🏌️‍♂️
Awful greens, when it really matters.............. Shame
those greens look like the fairway, awfully bumpy
Bouncing on greens. Difficult to putt right. Always 'funny' to follow you.
Wish you the best of luck Pete! I know you can make it!!!
It really is very interesting watching these videos. It shows what even professionals go through. So thank you for that. Very unlucky on those greens which were awful. I'm sure with better greens you would have holed a lot more putts where you got a lot of big bobbles on these greens. In my opinion they weren't ready for competition golf.  OK you had a few bad moments tee to green and that didn't help, but that happens to everyone.  Keep going and I'm sure it will come.
Great content. Bring back the LAB Pete
Keep grafting Pete. Had a similar 4 holes yesterday…destroyed my confidence and day…..🤷🏻‍♂️🇪🇸
Stay strong and stay positive. Enjoyed your honest assessment of how your playing and the content 🙌
those greens look like my back garden. Absolutely woeful, can't believe they use that place for a comp. It looks the worst course ever.
Outstanding video.Love the honesty. Keep at it!
Quality honest video! low round coming 💪🏼🏌🏾‍♂️
Even tho the roll of those greens looks absolutely infuriating. it really seems like you need to go back to some mental coaching. these comps, whilst you're a pro, they're not what puts food on your table and a roof over your head.
Seems like your new putter is working, I felt like you putted much better than with the Arm Lock, those bumpy greens, I don't know how you would make anything. Great honest video as always. Thats why I watch and have subscribed. Great video, keep grinding
Those are the sorts of greens where bad putts go in and good putts miss. Confidence killers. I tend to not focus on line so much more to help with psychology
I think it'd the hoodie!
Those greens look horrid
5 ABOVE OR UNDER WE FUCKING LOVE YOU FINCHEY!!!!!!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I can't feel you disappointing me (us), you have to immediately knock that thought away as I get very good tips and joy from watching you play. even if you feel it's going "badly." Playing 7 over, 6 over on a "bad" day is still a perfectly ok score and you have to take that to your head. To then put the thought of you disappointing me (us) doesn't help anything, I (we) don't follow you to see you play perfectly every time. I (we) follow you because you have games and knowledge that will make me (us) better golfers, and that's thanks to dfig, Rick, Matt, Carter and Sophie. Seeing even you hit bad shots sometimes, play "bad" rounds just makes it more real for me, more reachable for me, and gives the idea that I can, with the help of you/you, become a better golfer. You can't say you're afraid to disappoint us, that thought isn't with me (us).
That looks a very tough and very poorly kept course? The greens look like a ploughed field.
It appears as though the holes on that course were rather small
Great watch Pete and interesting to see an insight into what it's like playing off scratch as a pro. Most of us would be delighted with 5 over! The greens at the first course we're shocking, no wonder you couldn't hole a putt on them. Onwards and upwards, looking forward to following this series.
Where has the SIK putter gone??
Well given how rag-tag those greens looked I thought the putting looked pretty good!  The real issue looked like the tee to green play.  FWIW - I thought a lot of shots looked tentative, like you (Peter) were trying to steer the ball and hit a "perfect" shot.   Loosen up, dude, YOU GOT THIS!!
Good playing under pressure Pete!  Those greens are…honestly embarrassing 😮
Honest take Pete, but you lost before you hit your first ball, probably the most important part of winning is believing that you can do it even when your not at your best. Totally understand it doesn't mean your going to win everytime or even ever by doing it but that's the next step in it, take what positives you can and leave the rest behind, even if the only positive from the round was that you are sure you can play a better round. Negativity is a quick growing cancer that will prevent you from achieving your goals more often than not, go play 9 and think I might make this shot and harp on the mistakes you make on the mishits, then take lunch or come back the next day and play every shot thinking I'm going to make this shot go this way, and then take the positives from the shot no matter the outcome, tell us if it made a difference, and be as honest as you always are about if you were able to keep that positive thought going and what happened when you were and when you weren't. Truly believe mindset is one of the biggest parts to life and success.
Chin up Pete, at least you didn't 5 putt a par 4 hole when I was on the green in 2 🤣
those greens looked terrible
Your swing looks perfect!!
Great video. I love the rawness of golf and quite honestly the factor of luck is very apparent in these videos as well. Sometimes you execute a great shot and the result just doesn't reflect that. Keep grinding, it's a great series to watch!   P.S. You look like you may need a new phone screen..😂😂😂
Don’t be too hard on yourself. Those greens are just plain stupid. Lots of those puts should have gotten in with good greens. You would’ve gained momentum and played a whole different game. Kudos to you sir 👊🏻
How can they expect the conditions to be fair with greens like those. Some of those putts bounded inches into the air.  Handled your self like a gentleman sir.
Greens look sooo slow and bumpy  8 on the stimp
Keep cracking on mate, it will all click for you soon enough!
Some of the worst greens I've ever seen! Keep it up!
I feel like Pete puts so much pressure on himself, he isn’t comfortable until he is 4-5 over par and out of contention. I wish I could help him with his mental game, because we all know he has the physical skills.
Those greens suck
I have no expert opinion but seemed the start of the trouble began with a sub par drive or tee shot. Seemed often you were behind a tree or in the rough trying to rescue your shot which affects the chip which affect the putt range..
Hi Pete.  It looks like your work on putting is paying off!  Best wishes.
Why not go for the green on the 289 holes That’s yards right!
Thank you for this perspective on your journey help out people think they can be pros right awau
Keep playing your best; you're NOT letting us down... speaking for myself anyways. Play on mate
don't be too hard on yourself! great vid!
wow, you're really missing a lot of puts on the left side of the hole
Those greens don't look competition ready. Almost like fairway on some nice courses
“I think it was quite pricy”   Me thinking, oh like, $15?  “~$250”  Yoiks.. lol
Looked like you were trying to putt on a rug mate. Lol  Good luck in future comps..
Greens looked shocking at the first course. Fair play for putting yourself out there. Form will come back for sure.
Chin up amigo and thanks for keeping it real.  I’m sure I’m not the only one that was upset on your behalf.  If it was easy, everyone would do it.  You’ll get there.
Your putting is usually very good Pete those greens were terrible
SG may not have improved drastically on the green but aside from a couple of just bad ones the putting looked so much better in the comp you showed.  So much better.  The armlock SIK just isn't for you imo.  To keep it fair, those greens looked really terrible.  Bobbing and bouncing everywhere, that had to be frustrating.
Mate. There is always a difference between competition pressure and just practice and fun game type stuff and honestly knowing how well you can play and how good you are, because it is all on video in real evidence... you also have absolutely the best gear fitted and suited to you as possible which is also scientifically proven... it seems it is a case of finding a way to translate all of that skill, talent, hard work, focus onto the competition field. That my friend is all in the top 6 inches not necessarily more practice. It really looks like you are deviating from what you do so well when you are doing the normal coaching and other videos. Your body language is different, you are twitchy, you sound like you are second guessing yourself and not sticking to what you do so very well.  I've done some high performance competition before (not golf) but at a reasonable level and I learned from the best, practice your mindset as much as your technique, especially the week of the event, don't deviate, don't let any external factor knock you off that laser focus on your processes. A mistake or a bad shot means nothing. And never ever try to do something new or different or miraculous on the day. Trust your prep and expend all your energy on keeping the block of ice in the middle of the forehead and focus. The other big one is switch on to play, switch off in between or you'll run out of mental juice. Hope this helps. I'm cheering you on from my sick bed.
New putter.
aww pete just enjoy your golf , i watched you and Rick many times and you are an awesome player ...i loved your texas pete in the video you did so dont give up xx
Dude, I know you mentioned this, but these greens are trash
Wut happened to the armlock putter? Also I was wondering why you had white dots on your driver face in previous videos?
Been watching you for a while now and it is nice to see how you are practicing. I was disappointed you were leaning more to influencing instead of being a golfer. Still am concerned but it is nice to see some of your practice. I would rather watch you on T.V. than YouTube.   Here is some tough love for ya.  “Pull your shit together Peter and make it to the Open.”
Those greens look a bit too rough to be used in competition. Lots of random wobbles and bumps seemed to be happening. Obviously, everyone has to play on them, but just seemed like some of them you just had to get a bit lucky to have success.
Approach is the only thing that matters at this point Pete. Where you are putting from is the only thing that matters.
But, as I watch, you were incredibly close to an outstanding score minus a round full of "ohh, fu@× me" close putts. Keep up the grind. I really enjoy your content. Now I suck at golf, but if you would fancy some funny company and you are in the Lexington KY USA area let me know!
New putter again, that sik didn’t last long
Those greens look atrocious...looks like you are putting in someone's back yard.
Your lag putting seems really good.  Those greens are quite bumpy as compared to here in Phoenix.   Go for the green on  that  289 yard hole! :)
from Florida and those greens would be like a two star course... how is that PGA level
Those greens are running as smooth as cobblestones. I think this emphasizes that part of what makes pros on tour look other worldly is the  ideal, or at least predictable conditions. You got to throw darts next to the hole or get lucky with greens like this.
Sorry but those greens are not up to scratch regardless for a qualifier.
No armlock putter?
Thanks Peter for the great videos! Don't feel bad for this kind of video because I respect the hell out of the honesty as I'm sure many others do as well! Keep up the hard work and keep your head up! I'll be watching no matter what the outcome is...
Get a feeling you’re putting too much pressure on yourself here? Seems like you’re not enjoying golf as much now you’re focusing on scores so much
The hat is money Pete
Those greens seemed frustrating
Those greens are hot garbage
Golf hath bendeth Finchy  over and haveth it's way with him.  Stay after it Pete
Everyone has bad golf days just try again next time
When the mrs.ask how much was it ( the putting app) just say they gave it to you. 🤣
I ❤️ you peter. From Milwaukee Wisconsin here. Never give up!!! Keep on chasing your dream brother!! Im a father of 2 girls so no funny stuff, seriously you are such a great inspiration to me!! Much respect from the U S of A.
Those greens are atrocious! Very Houston-esque.  I'm glad to see you getting from arm lock putter. Didn't want to say anything on your last video.
Here comes the putter throw… no wait, a more reserved Peter Finch. One day doesn’t ruin them all Pete, we still have your back and are all pulling for you!
Terrible greens, embarrassing
To be fair those greens were terrible to putt. Every putt you hit bounced 2-5 times it seemed like. However, I do love the grind you’re giving it. Good luck.
Golfs a lot more fun when ur not keeping score lol
Rubbish greens. Looks like a park course.
Keep at it! Fun to follow the quest.
Love seeing you in action Pete. Putting looked like it’s in a good place with the Edel rather than the arm lock. Just need an early birdy or two to get that confidence flowing early.
Tough greens. Like watching Snead and Hogan play, but in color. You’ll be good. Tempo a little fast with the Driver. It happens. 🥂
Peter, as someone from WA State, I need to let you know. Since Russel Wilson has now left us, it is best to restrain from using a golf ball with a Seahawks logo for one season. This will definitely help your game. Have a good one mate.
I have felt those emotions on numerous occasions, I'm nowhere near a competitive player.  I'm not sure if I would thrive or explode under pressure of competition.  Part of me thinks that I'd hunker down and concentrate harder, but in reality, that's probably opposite of what would happen, haha.
Putting is 100% better without the arm lock. 👍🏽
I couldn't putt those greens...like putting across pebbles
First off, great content, gives great insight and as a golfer trying to get better I can identify even though I don't play at this level.  Second, imagine if any of those putts on first through third hole had dropped for a birdie, the mental change that could have had for the rest of the round. I watched it twice, and it really seemed to me that between 1-4 and 13-18 you had a lot of close putts, that's a swing of 10 which didn't go your way.  Thank you for sharing this and stay strong, best of luck with the quest!
I believe Old Tom Morris putted on better greens than these. Honestly, Peter, you played a LOT better than any score indicates. Don’t beat yourself up for this.
Those greens weren't bad for temporary greens, for actual greens they were awful.
The state of them greens 🤣🤣🤣
Don’t worry about disappointing us with “mediocre golf”, compared to most of us you are playing at another level and the honest look into how tough this really is at a competitive level is eye opening.
Did they forget to mown the greens lol ...
Plinko greens. Ugh. Putting stroke looked good. More feel. Less mechanical. Good luck Pete
That putter was definitely an improvement Peter. Those greens were horrid. Water under the bridge! ONWARD!
Don't punish yourself so much over garbage greens.
I love how you talk yourself through every shot, great content 🙂
Keep your head up Pete!  Also your putting at least looks more comfortable with the standard length putter.
Thanks for continuing to share your journey, Peter! You've got a strong game. Keep it going and don't let the bad shots get to you. Best of luck in the next comp!!!
I’ve seen dirt roads that were smoother than those greens 😳
Tough go Pete. I am not judging, but only sharing my own experiences; and that is to say, You got cursed by the Hoodie. Hoodies are meant for Hoops & watch’n YouTube. The worst round I ever played was in a hoodie, and since, I have always pot’s for the quarter-zip and faired much better. Again, no judgement on personal style, but all I know is the golf gods hate hoodies.
Pete, the greens were inconsistent and really cost you on several holes (specifically the par 3 9th) , the wedge shots were impossible to judge because of it, the iron misses weren't bad, the double was just an oversight, and it's pretty clear that you're right there with a little more rust knocking. I think you're being too hard on yourself, and were too hard on yourself at the course. It'll happen, and even if it doesn't, you're Peter Friggin' Finch and life could be a lot worse. Chin up, you'll get it next time. Half a million subscribers can't be wrong.
Relax a little. You are so wound up, how can you swing freely? Love your work, best if luck Pete.
Hey Pete I just wanted to say that I love your videos and how honest they are. From one competitive golfer to another I feel like your mindset during tournaments is you putting too much pressure on yourself. Whenever you talk about your game you are always saying how important birdies are...which is true but I think that means that you are trying to birdie every hole, and then when you don't, you get down on yourself. I think you need to start taking some pressure off of yourself and find your flow and your rhythm. I always find that birdies come in waves and you just have to find the mindset to ride the wave. I obviously have no idea what is actually going on in your head and I could be completely wrong but this is just what I see from an outside perspective.
These greens are trash.
While you might be a bit peeved with your putting, Peter, those greens weren't exactly manicured. If you can get your approach shots just a little more dialled in, better scores cannot be far away.
Pete, stop hurting yourself. This round really WASNT that bad. Take away the double bogey and the missed short one the par5 and you’ve smashed that round. Your scramble play was great ( finding the green 90% of the time ). I know it’s not you at your absolute best. But that was one hell of a tough looking course especially those motor cross jump green 🤣. Head up mate and step forward 💪 you got this! 🤙
those greens look so ''SHITE''
Watching the first six holes, the putting stroke looks so much better, smooth and free. Greens were a bit dodgy though, lots of positives on this one Pete. It’s only May, you look good to go, keep grinding the mental game, your a great player, remind yourself of this often. I know it’s hard but keep the negative thoughts OUT of your game,
Peter I am so pleased to see you have stopped using that awful armlock putter, it looked so awkward and uncomfortable. Keep going mate and relax your a wonderful player, don’t put pressure on yourself. Oh and go to the best putter in the world…. An Evnroll ER2
wow. those greens are bumpty as hell. So many good putts...On a flat green you would have shaved off at least 5 strokes..  Not much you could do..  But a driver off the rough behind a tree? that's on you bro! ;)  But overall a good start. Don't let your audience add to your stress.. It's your golf life. We're pulling for you regardless of the score!
Well done Peter keep it up mate you can do it 👍❤️
Cracking video Pete! You will 100% crack it mate with your attitude.  The drill mix in here was so smart as well.
Honestly, those greens are pure shite, worse than that last goat track you played
Hi Peter I only live just behind the forth hole at blackburn and I’m sure I heard some swearing the other day 😄 great video as always honest and true keep it up pal
Are you enjoying it? If not what’s the point? I reckon get rid of the beard you don’t see many great golfers with beards? 😂😂😂😂
I hate to comment on this but it was the same as the last video - the greens are shocking for the level you boys are playing.  This time of year there is no excuse.  Maybe it’s just the video but that’s bang average even for a local muni course.  If I paid anything more than 15 quid and the greens where like that I’d be gutted.  It genuinely makes the content hard to watch as it’s like watching folk play winter greens.
I've been subscribed and watching your videos for a few months now and enjoy your honesty when things aren't going the best. I've learned so much from your positivity on the course and how to work your way out of trouble. Thanks!
Dear Peter, as a mediocre golfer (at best) it is motivating and frustrating, at the same moment,  to see that you have the same emotions in a tournament like I do. Please keep your head up. You are an insane good golfer and a rellay nice and funny guy. Your videos and golf are inspirational.  Best regards, Your german fan ;D;D;D
Where is the armlock
Pete, have you thought about practicing some mindfulness? You know how to play golf, allow your mind to support your game. Reach out if you want support.
The greens seem to be pretty bumpy for a tournament. Should have been rolled...
Greens look awful
Smoother greens and those putts will fall. Very unlucky
I think I saw you yesterday on the marriot golf course, looking sexy as always x
You have it in you, you just have to find it again!  I rewatched one of your cheap clubs video with Rick Sheils, and the incredible chip-in you made with I think a Trusty Rusty.  Keep putting on the work, and you’ll see it come back.  Love your videos, keep it up!
Bloody hell those greens are bumping around everywhere. Cost you a couple of putts already
I know that it is early in the seasons but those greens were bumpy.  Not sure if they just aerated but less than ideal conditions.
As an outsider who has been watching you for several years, allow me a different perspective on your struggles. There's nothing wrong with your driving, approach play, putting, etc. You are a really good golfer, Pete.  You should be scoring under par in nearly every round. But you're trying to treat a headache with an aspirin. However, the headache is just a symptom. The proper question is, "Why do you have a headache?" More practice of tee shots. More practice of short game. More practice of putting. You're treating the symptoms and not the cause of the headache. The problem with your game during comps is between your ears. You get very nervous, and you place too much pressure on yourself. And when things do go bad, you place even more pressure on yourself. It's time for you to visit a sports phycologist. You need help learning how to relax and take comps less seriously, so that you can just step up to the ball and swing-away freely with little to no thought. And, of course, make whatever you learn from the phycologist into a series of video, so that the rest of us can learn too. Stop looking to the stats for answers because they're not there. The stats will sort themselves out once you sort your head out. Good luck. I'm rooting for you.
You those greens would be hard for anyone to play on tbh.
Keep fighting through the process and great play will come!
Don't forget to breathe. 😊
Keep going Pete and don’t put too much pressure on yourself! Keep smiling and enjoying this amazing (if not hard and frustrating) game we love!
Keep at it Peter. I have full confidence that soon the birdies will be dropping  on a regular basis.
I don't want to make excuses for Pete, as everyone had to play the same conditions... But those greens looked almost impossible to play on.
As much bouncing as there were on those greens, I thought you were playing basketball.
Birdie those first 2 holes and completely different outcome. Golf huh.
I wouldn’t worry too much about that tournament Pete, I’d discount it , those greens looked horrible ,  Keep up the good work man 👍👍👍
Along with my strokes on each hole I always write down how many putts I have on each hole. That alone tells me which part of my game good or bad that round…anyone else keep track of their putts like that.?
Stay on mic, the self-talk is terrific.
Jeez those greens looked terrible
The way you were talking at the end there Pete makes it sound as if you're lacking intrinsic motivation. If you have none of that then you'll struggle to qualify for the open. You have the ability to play golf in the open and not look out of place. Yes theres areas that can be touched up, but the main thing plaguing you atm is your psychology
Where’s the armlock putter?
Those greens look like sheit.🤣🤣🤣
Jeez u look so petulant and I'd say a right barrell of laughs to play with
The greens look like a herd of cats used them as a litter box.
Man, what's up with those greens? Hot garbage.
Those greens look like you need to rely on pure luck to make a putt of any distance.
I can't believe how bumpy those greens are especially for a professional event. How can anyone judge pace or line of putt for that matter when the ball bounces an inch in the air. Because St Andrews are going to be like that not.  (The videos are honest and we see how much it means.) Going from those bumpy greens in Lancashire, to a putting green at Dundonald Links. Shows there is little wrong with your putting. Just wondering depending on the weather and course conditions, do you put different bounce angles in your bag with regards to your wedges.
These greens don't look very good. Looks like you may be coming over the top, and everything is squirting right or pulled. Congrats on keeping your cool! You are the man Peter Finch!
Talk about a mental game, easily the hardest part of the game to master. Keep it up, forget the bad, hold on to the good bits!
Think you might benefit from having a go at the old skills challenge. Get those approach shots to start giving you more birdie opportunities
Just remember Pete, a lot of us have seen you play fantastic golf for years. You just need to remember that yourself, that you can play incredible golf and you’ll turn those results around quickly enough. Chin up and crack on.
Is it my imagination or were those greens as bouncing as they seemed to be….🤔🤔🤔🤔
Those greens are terrible for pro golfers to be playing on be better off putting on a goat track
Them greens are crap 😂
How are you supposed to make a birdie on those greens. Seemed so bumpy. Seems like your pace control is a lot better without the armlock putter. Keep grinding fella. Cheers
Your actually bad, the grass on them greens looked abit long tho to be fair
Brilliant video Pete but they are terrible greens😳 playing in a competition with greens like that is shocking really. Reminds me never to go down them ways if that’s there greens😂 not fare from a temp ones🫣
Your not far off some great golf, keep your chin up mate
What Hat brand is that?
13 was that driver off the deck?
Greens look terrible m8, doesn't make up for the rest of ya game tho 🤣🤣🤣 don't you just love the game, keep it up tho m8 just pretend ya playing with Fryer or Shieldsy you play OK against them just seem to lose ya mental game in competition . Great content cheers
Feel for you on those greens, seen flatter ploughed fields,but still managed to put pretty well, very close on many, so could have been very different for you, you can do this  have faith in yourself Peter, you’ve got this
i would like to see more of petes practice maybe like a day in the life or something
Would you consider not wearing the mic and just doing the commentary over the clips? Might mean only focus is on the game and not talking through the round for the video. Just a thought
Definitely feel like you have the game, know it's easier said than done under pressure but feel like you play less aggressively. Would like to see you smashing driver on some of the short par 4s.
Preparing for U.S. Sr. Open myself. I get the frustration you feel. BUT, stay with it!!! You only need have your 'A' game at one event to boost your points! Go Pete GO!!!
Don't be so hard on yourself Pete, golf is hard!!!!  Those greens didn't do you any favors either.  Thank you so much for sharing this journey with all of us,  takes a lot of courage to put yourself out there like you are.  Keep grinding, you got this!!!!
What about some DECADE-stuff? Could maybe help? Never really grasped it properly myself but I hear people really shaving strokes off.
Man I have seen greens like that since the riveting 1909 cow pasture open!
My biggest take away from this video is to never play this course 😒
Them greens are a shambles.
I've seen Fairways smoother than those greens
Looking much more comfortable with the new putter
Do you find speaking to yourself about the shot you want to hit helpful? Does it help you convince yourself and help commit to the shot more?
You are putting so much better with this putter than the Bryson Dechambeau putter 🏌️‍♂️🤙
When did you switch back from the armlock? My wife just switched to it (because we saw you using it) and she loves it. Her pace control is so much better.
The greens looked pants for a pro tournament that's a public course standard
I'm not from the UK so I don't know if that's a normal condition for a course to be in but...  I've played on a lot of municipal courses in the US and I have a hard time calling those "greens."
Great video, terrible greens.
Hey Pete, as they say ‘golf is hard’. We all have bad days. More often the bad ones  than the good ones…. But keep pushing and the good ones will start coming more often. I watched your match play vid with Olivia Cooke in Dubai and how you said you were going to talk through every one of your shots. Just like you did here. I too have taken this on and I’ve started playing some of my best golf for a while so thank you for the inspiration. Good luck Pete! Looking forward to the next #QFTO video 👍🏻
Stenson Mollinari Mollinari Stenson
Love the video pal 🥰🥰⛳️⛳️⛳️👍
No driver on short par 4’s  However bad you think your short game is it’s not as bad as Ricks 🤣🤣🤣👍 You have the game , it’s in the top 2 inches
Quick tip: trust that the driving will come back. Work on the short game.
To be fair to you Pete, this is the best we have seen you putt in a long time!
I see the arm lock putter has gone. Seem to judge distance better. Really enjoying these Pete
Very honest video… easy to see the frustration… any of us would have been. Keep pushing though…conditions will improve soon enough
Peter don’t put your self under to much pressure   You can do it just relax and have fun and don’t over think every shot.
Thanks for the honest chat Pete. I've worked over the winter and at times feel so close to what I've been working towards, then there are range sessions like tonight where I just about get clubface to ball.  Good to know I'm not the only one who is still not quite there! Hopefully we can all shake off the iffy play and get to where we know we really are 👍🏼
Keep grinding Pete, we are all behind you! Love the emotional journey, love the honesty, love the reality of competitive golf, at any level. 👍👌
Peter, I am a member at the Marriott Worsley Park and play it EVERY DAY. If you need a caddy for next years Manchester Open hit me up I know the course like the back of my hand
To be fair , some of those putts just bobbled all over the place on those greens.
Them greens are atrocious and the course looks generally in bad shape.
I was in this video! Thanks for letting us follow you around the course.
Good luck every golfer knows a good run of golf is always around the corner.
What you need is cbht. 100% mental/ confidence
these greens are terrible....
Greens look horrible
Thanks for taking us along through the good and bad. That’s golf eh,great shots hole after hole then it all implodes 😜
That was a great episode to watch, really enjoyed it. Ticked a lot of boxes to keep it engaging all way through.   The balance between playing a whole game with shot by shot commentary was great, added the Drills in weak area, filled in graphics and models of worsley and all sandwiched in with honest take of your mental game and prep. Well produced.    Keep it up and really looking forward to ep4 and wishing you all the best.
No matter, I love your vids anyway :-) hang tight!
Course looks like local park ??
Fair play mate !!you would be proud of the sh*te i played tonight !!! 🤣🤣🤣 golf is golf ! By the way im just trying to convince myself 🤣
Finchie, out with the Edel, in with the DFT 2.1 and put the SIM2 bag in the bag. Stay out of your head, love the content you share with us but forget about it. One shot at a time man you've got this!!!
Love the vlogs and your journey. Keep plugging away 😎💪
You can't score on those greens. They looked like utter filth.
Are you and Carly actually living at Dundonald now?
Tough going on those lumpy greens. That birdie putt on 17 was so pure and then just started hopping half way there.  Crazy. Thanks for sharing Mr. Finch. Your game is a pleasure to watch. Cheers!
Attacking pin positions you shouldn’t be won’t help your score Pete.
Absolutely love this series! Don't worry Pete if you feel bad about your round, go watch the latest break 75 vid
The armlock putters gone!
It is really hard to find the perfect pace and confidence on unpure greens, where there is basically no roll-out on putts. The final foot on foot and a half is like if there was a small fella pulling the hand brage on all of a sudden. Few misjudgements and confidence to make any is gone.
Couple of really terrible bounces there. I, too, am glad you went away from the armlock putter. I still think you need to go back to the LAB. Looks like those greens need to be rolled.
Why not try the green ine one on the first hole🤷‍♂️
This video could be a film of me on any given saturday 🙈
Greens look awful Pete
those greens are rolling like a gravel path lmao
Looks like a Muni this course, No excuses it’s May, Greens are great on most good courses now, This course is terrible
Don’t like the look of this course at all
Keep going Pete. Enjoying the content, and have complete faith things will improve for you. Looking forward to the next instalment.
Those greens really need to be rolled. Wow lots of bouncing putts. Get the Stealth Driver in the bag lol
Tough greens! The putter looks good though. Is there one flat lie on the entire course?
Honestly mate…you’ve done more than enough to pay back the support….Just keep grinding and it will be great when you finally win one 👌 and get to the open
The greens looked tough. We'll get em buddy.
Keep going Peter. There’s so much positive in this video, if you’re able to watch it dispassionately.
I appreciate it’s not summer yet, but those greens look awful! Worse than any I’ve seen in the last 2 months
I find if I drive well the rest of my game responds. Similarly if I get off the tee poorly, I struggle with all aspects of the game.  I think focusing on birdies is a mistake, focus on each shot and the birds will come. Good luck Pete.
You sure they were greens and not the local rugby pitch?? 🤣
Keep grinding Pete... its frustrating but keep your head and chin up... it will all fall into place 👊🏻
Pete, are you lifting your right foot a tad to early on your approach shots?
This is brilliant. Please keep it going, you will get it sorted and it is very relatable and inspiring for me and, I suspect, many others. Love it and thank you.
Those greens look terrible
To be fair Pete, the bobbles on the green were dreadful
Yes you are getting at it! Keep it up. Just have fun with it Pete. You know you can’t birdie them all
It's just May. Rather peak when Open Qualifying comes about than peak now on bobbly greens. Work towards that. Best of luck.
Love these vids especially seeing you get angry 😂😂😂 because of how good of a golfer you are mate it just shows every1 can play badly no matter your level
those greens look HORRIBLE.
An old golfer gave me great advice, the most important shot in golf is the one you are about to take not the one you just crushed or duffed, ever since then no red mist just a smile and a clear head for the next shot, so Pete keep going we are all behind you mate 👍
Awesome honesty (excluding your very polite comments re those greens!) Great clip. I'm really looking forward to seeing the next. Hang in there.
Better putting method. Greens were cruel.
Man.  Those greens.  How did anyone make a putt?!!
Brilliant video I like the mic hearing you talk through the shots . PUTTING  don't be so hard the ball spent more time in the air then rolling in the green 😁
Keep this putter long term, and be more positive! Mental attitude is everything in golf! Find the positives in even your bad shots and watch your game improve dramatically! Can't wait till see you at the open! Lets go Pete!
You made a "kind" comment about the greens.  Let me say it.  They were terrible!
Keep trying Pete. It's in you to go under par. We have seen you do that.
Pete what ball are you currently using right now?? It doesn’t appear to have the benefits of a really good alignment aid, or at least it doesn’t look like it??
Well, at least you can find them.  Back to the range? I had a bad round recently, an uphill par4 into the wind ended me. Been working on my putting ever since but I need to hit the range. I've made some swing changes lately but when I got tired in the wind the old swing reared its head. Maybe I'll taje a cue from you and switch putters.
I don't see how anyone could make many birdies on those greens unless they were throwing darts.
To be fair with those greens it looks like it’s impossible to putt with confidence, ball just bounces everywhere
Weight control with the putter in the round shown was actually really good. Ya the line was off a few times but that happens. I thought it was an improvement overall.
my garden is smoother than that first green and i swear i saw tarzan in it last week
How Are you pro
That putter seems to be working a lot better! Good job!
Those greens at Blackburn were shocking, I get it’s only just spring but come on!! Keep going Pete, the vast majority of your community here can sympathise every single day of the week and I actually get a lot more out of these videos than watching someone putting for birdie every time! Good decision on the putter change too, the arm lock is a fad for muscled up bell ends, (yeah Bryson I’m talking to you!)
Pete. Another good effort. Those greens were truly hideous. You must have had three or four putts stop right next to the cup. Remember this though when you start to beat yourself up. You’re videoing yourself throughout. Every shot. Every thought. So much extra pressure, so stick in big man. You’re doing great and we are all on your side.
man those greens were bumpy.
Respect for showing us your competition golf. Way different then the good looking shots in the instructional style videos. Appreciate the honesty a lot and it helps me to cope with my bad shots way better!
You can turn it around Pete,  cheering for you from the States!!
I think you need to just go out there and play. Get a good read in practice, calculate your distances, and hit the ball. Too much pressure on yourself will only amplify the bad shots and make them come more often.
You did so well to control yourself. Just one of those days; nothing went your way.
Don't pressure yourself on our account, its not healthy. Play for you, try to relax and you'll find it again. Keep on keeping on :)
Seen better greens on a farmers field
Those greens seemed like they would make it impossible to shoot low. I'm not a pro but anytime I have greens rolling like that I never seem to be able to put together any kind of good attempts.
I have been preparing to play in my first singles tournament since College and your quest for the open videos have been really helpful for me! I like seeing what you do on the course (when it really matters) and how you approach differ shots. I  thought I was the only one who talked to themselves on shots like that, its very helpful imo and glad to see others doing it.   Keep up the great content, I can see you are really taking your game seriously and doing a great job. I hope to be rooting for you at the Open!
Crap greens surely
Swinging too hard on the drives. Tone it back a touch Pete
There is a pattern why you shoot over par Peter Finch… obviously mentally reacting in unhealthy way wins over as that’s what you succumb to and thus leads to blow up holes… given your experience and skills shouldn’t be happening!!!  If you can figure out how to get out of your way mentally I’m sure that will be eye opening performances for you!
Dont put extra pressure on yourself for us. We all want to see you do well but we surely dont want to see you lose years on your life from over stressing. Golf is life in that it has its ups and down. You have earned the right at being dissapointed with a 76 or even a 73, thats how class you are. Itll turn around. This is coming from a 5hcp who has hit 4 fairways combined in the last 36 holes played, and carding an 84, 88. Golf hits ya hard and humbles you out of seemingly no where
Hi Pete, From a new golfers viewpoint these vlogs are superb. Best episodes on YouTube and the ones I always cannot wait to watch. Keep up the great work
Wow those greens probably punished everybody. Chin up mate
At least youre in the Stanley Cup play offs...
Quest for The Open videos are the best golf vids on youtube....fact!
Keep pushing, you'll get there.
Those greens were horrendous 🤦‍♂️
Pete, I’d love to see Liam from Golf mates caddy for you to see if he can help you. Just look at what he did Daniel Gavens! We have what’s called nine and dine during the summer. It’s a Texas scramble with teams put together by the pro I’m on the winning tea70% to 80% of the time even though I don’t play well. My secret make everyone laugh people get too serious and think too much it really brings the best out of them when they relax and no pressure.
Warts and all; nothing hidden as always Peter. Chin up sir and onwards. Chase that qualifying – we're all behind you here.
PLINKO ANYONE??
Great content. Much prefer the new putter. Time to find a more forgiving driver and prioritise fairways over distance?
These things happen, keep motoring on
Keep pushing on Pete. I can't help but feel you're overthinking it a little. Look at the ball, look at the target, imagine the shot and execute.
Gee short 4. I thought u could reach green just go for it
The greens look bloody awful. So annoying when they don’t run true.
Those greens just aren't good enough for this standard of competition, as you say you aren't getting a true reflection of your putting there even if it is a weak area at the moment
I also recently had an embarassaing round with a double-bogey. Of course, that was my *best* hole, but still, we're practically the same.
Love your honesty........Maybe you should try microdosing Psychedellics.....  sounds crazy but it works
Man the greens have to give you at least 6-8 strokes man
Put the sim 2 back in the bag
Swing looks solid... greens looked bang average. Still early in the season.... think bigger picture  Do you feel like your over thinking your game? Could it be a case of just picking your target and commit to it? Don't worry about a draw or fade....just put a swing on it.
Those green were terrible- like putting on cobblestone
A bunch of those putts seemed like they would have gone in it the ball wasn’t hopping all over. Keep up the good work it will all pay off!
Those greens looked extremely bumpy to be hosting a comp mate keep up the good work and don't over think ur game it WILL all click
Go on Pete lad - keep ya head up!
You got in your own head
I just have this feeling that it is all going to click for Pete come opening qualifying  Last year was the opposite was coming in with great form and didn’t do well this year is the opposite let’s hope turning up cold means we get to see you St Andrews  Common Finchey!!!
Having a negative title makes people want to avoid the video...just saying Ep 1, Ep 2...makes it a more exciting series where the outcome of the event isn't spoiled in the title! Just to help views.
Man those greens is like putting in the fairway
To be fair (and maybe the camera doesn’t do them justice but) the greens weren’t looking very true. I spotted a few fluffy cup edges and a number of bobbles.
You've been playing golf long enough to know that it only takes a spark to ignite a run of good form. Tough it out and it will come. Good luck and keep plugging away
Do they roll those greens or what, they are rubbish
In fairness those greens looked utter shite.
I’ve definitely noticed ur putting is loads better, you know u need to control mr angry
What are you really meant to do with greens like that!?
You can do , here some good vibes from Montréal . Go Peter gp
Nice to see a real putter in your hands
You said it - No Birdies. A good round will have at least 4 birdies no matter what the final score is. The Tour players when in contention average 4.5 Birdies per round. Getting Birdies on your card shows you are playing well, lifts your game and not fighting or plodding around to make a score. Plan to get a Birdie on every short Par 4 and all Par 5's. Don't chance it on Par 3's - aim to have a card full of 3's.  No pressure.....
Kicking your putter has to be the most relatable thing I’ve seen you do on a golf course😂 Golf is hard Pete, stick at it and I’m sure the open spot will be yours this year! Just a bad patch!
Really poor greens!!
Love how honest you've been and not sugarcoat anything. Keep working. It'll click.
No Iron at BGC? Putting was not far off - just a bit bobbly....
Pete, keep your head up!!! You'll get there bud!!!!
Putting looks better, the greens were not very kind. Rooting for you
Pete, you are awesome! Believe it. You spend a lot of time in this video sounding very down about your current game, but listening to you talk on the course, I think the opposite is true. Instead of your confidence being low because your game is "meh" (in your own words), I think your game is meh, because your confidence is low. You can hear the stress and lack of confidence when you're talking through your shots. It's a stark contrast to the rounds when you're out having FUN and playing great golf. Somewhere around 11:09 or so you're talking about trying to relax and I think that's a great point. The stress is getting to you my man. I bet a sports psychologist could turn you around in a session and get you enjoying this lovely sport.
How do you like the shoes?
No armlock? Must be a tournament rule or something like that?
Great video Pete really interesting to hear you talking through shots. I'm not exactly a good golfer (21.1 hcp) and I play on a course that isn't exactly renowned for having the best greens but even I'd be fuming if I had to put on greens that bobbled like that in a comp of that size! Regardless keep up the top work :)
Thanks for the video Pete. I actually think your putting is looking good. Your pace control at Blackburn was good and those greens looked horrible with plenty of bobbles. So when the greens get better I have no doubt that you will start pouring them 🐦🐦🐦 yes your driving hasn’t been on top form but it will come back, keep working hard at it. It’s become such a strength of yours so use it 💪🏻
i think you'd benefit from a experienced caddy to help you with confidence around swing thoughts as well as keeping you grounded after a bad shot. you always play some of your best golf when playing with others and you discuss your swing thoughts with them before and they agree with you.  keep up the great content bud, we appreciate it.
We (American) golfers are not better golfers than those in England.  We just don't play on garbage fairways and greens like they do.
You seem a bit stiff in those vids, maybe you just need to calm down ? (cbd ? :p)
Those greens were ass.
Stroke looks better without the arm lock. That blackburn course looked like a cow pasture! Greens were awful. Keep pushin on!
Those greens are furry...⛳⛳⛳
When is the flat session starting?? Those greens look like jump season is in full swing!
Surprised how bad the greens looked on both courses you’ve played so far in the QFTO.
Great effort Pete. Don’t let it get to you. You hit the ball great. Don’t forget that 🤙
Pete I was worried from the start with the lack of confidence in your game, for 18 holes of competition if you aren't treating yourself like Tiger, you've put yourself a step behind!
You look so much better with that putter!!!
Brave. 👍
This are some great videos Pete. You can’t expect to putt well on those greens if we are being honest. I’ve watched your videos for the last year and your mid to short irons always seem to miss well right. With your immense talent you should be knocking down pins with 7 iron down. I could be completely wrong because I’m a hack but this is just what I noticed by watching the videos. Hope the best moving forward. Cheers.
My impression is: your putting seems fine, your driving could be a little tighter, but your iron (and especially short irons) might need a tune-up. Your first putts are too far from the hole and that puts too much pressure on the putter, and you end up putting defensively.  I do play in the occational tournament, and the only way I can score is to have great short iron game for kick in birdies. But what do I know I'm just another hack on the internet, Good Luck.
I wouldn’t be so hard on yourself mate, those greens were atrocious. I’ve played greens in Scotland in better nick than that this year so far
How you knew what the ball was gonna do on the green would be impossible! Greens needed preparing better, played on £10 courses with better greens
Rooting for ya Pete!! We know the scores will come around!!!!
Those greens are…insane. I’ve seen fairways with shorter grass.
Keep going mate. You've loads of support out there. 👍
Them greens looked like you were putting on a gravel road lol 🤣🤣🤣
I really respect this. Can't imagine the pressure you could feel from this but you have done a lot of hard work so just trust the process. I believe!
How did you putt on those greens!  They rolled horrendously!
you look so much more comfortable with the Edel putter.  I know it has been great for my game since getting it a few weeks ago.
Played like a Pro...unfortunately that pro was Rick Shiels!
Wishing you all the best for Manchester Pete. 💪🏼. Oh. I see you’ve done it. The perils of commenting halfway through 😂
Keep going Pete, you’re the reason I started playing golf again last year and now down to a 12 handicap. Keep up the amazing work buddy
I swear the 2nd shot on 18 went in the rough at the front of the green but birdie putt was in the edge 🤔😂
Keep pushing Pete, but don't forget to enjoy playing golf!
Nice course greens were too bumpy although. Never give up Peter
It certainly appears as though those greens haven't been rolled or airated in years!
How can you have any expectations on greens like that? You're not consistently making a putt unless you're inside 2 feet. Helluva way to play a round of golf with that looming over you.
Awful greens sadly... Knutsford much better
Great video, keep it up!!  Cheering for you man!
Thanks for sharing your experience! It's comforting to know that a golfer infinitely better goes through the same things like having trouble with your putting routine. Today played a shot forgetting everything I intended (bad routine), then the next similar shot overcompensating completely being relaxed as a rock.
Absolutely loving this series!
We love you Pete! You got this!
Bernie’s on the card ,At least your not struggling to get pars on the card like me 😂
U need to stop filming it and just worry about playing
Nice job on the graphics
Good on you Pete for showing rounds like these, it would be all too easy for you to only show your good rounds. But from a positive point of view, you are able to review your rounds by being able to watch back what you have done right & what you have done wrong & to hopefully rectify your mistakes. As we all know golf is a very mental game, once the demons of a round creep in it is hard to get them out of your head but I am sure you have plenty of tricks up your sleeve to help you deal with them. I really appreciate watching these videos & I’m sure in some perverted sort of way this is helping others (not me as I’m unable to play😔).
You’re teaching me a lot about how to actually play golf. Trying to stay mentally on course is one of the toughest things I’m finding out about golf. Keep up the great content brodie. #youtubegodfather
Those greens were buns. You got this Pete!!!
I notices you saying 3 quarter with most of your clubs. Do you do half swing yardages for all your clubs also?
Nice ballstriking. Can never get a true reflection of how you’re putting on greens like that. Barely any true roll whatsoever. Keep it up Pete
Those greens look horrendous
The Golfing gods will come to your  aid just keep persevering.  Good luck 🤞
I think that Edel putter is much better than the armlock. Have you thought about using a more forgiving driver? You’re a good golfer, you need to believe in yourself more 😄🏌🏼‍♂️⛳️ cheers
What was that club off 1st tee? Sounded like bamboo
Hi Pete. Putting was so much better - 4 or 5 should have dropped which would have left you at level par. But those hairy bobbly greens for a pro comp ?? Can I say you also seemed to get locked into where not to go rather than the safe shot shape to stay safe. Looking forward to the next one 👍
The fact that you could hole any of those putts on those greens is remarkable. I've seen less bumps in a book of braille. 😳
Considering the greens you putted well I thought another day alot of them would have held there line and dropped you say you struggled but if a few of them putts had dropped it woukdnt have been so bad take the positives into the next round
Peter: I'm glad you switched putters. The new one looks from here to work MUCH better for you. 14 strokes better is a big hill to climb. If any one asked me, I'd suggest focusing on getting closer to the pin on approach. The rest, even the driver, is probably pretty ok. Closer to the pin, it seems to me (and I know this is obvious), is required for more birds. Keep at it! I'll be watching.
The "FORE RIGHT" at 2:40 is me  Not really but I relate
No wonder your putts were not dropping peter Jesus they were some very bobble greens
Do not worry about your viewership. As long as you put forth your best effort be it good or not so good, we will always be proud of you for attempting something as difficult as qualifying for the open. No matter what we will be here for you.
Bad day at office & shocking greens
My vote for the poll you didn't offer is for the Edel putter. You look so natural with that putter. Cheers Pete!
Those greens looked absolutely terrible to putt on...
Those greens seemed very poor, when you lose a bit of confidence on greens like that you’ve got no hope. Score would’ve been about 4 -5 shots less when greens are good
This has to be one of the most honest video of playing in the a competitive level.   Just watching it makes me so nervous and emotionally drained.  The hard and endless work to fine tune your swing and yet once you step in front of that tee box so many other elements get introduced.   Love the constant grind  and the emotion journey.    Thank you again for a great video.
Those greens looked terrible- like putting in the back garden- keep swinging!
Golf is hard ALL THE TIME !  Course conditions didn’t look very helpful either. Couldn’t see the wind anywhere though . My putting isn’t very committed and I find it very difficult to chill when a green isn’t that pure. Keep it up Pete 👍🏻
At least you went the right way round this year Pete! Seems to be a common theme as you say as you struggled on the greens at accy as well.
You got this Pete!
You seem to beat yourself up over your putting but you were leaving yourself 15-20ft putts. Tour players on premium quality greens don't make that many of those.
Please dont take this the wrong way but your swing looks a bit too manufactured... and those greens look more like mowed fairways
Pete are you visualising every hole?
Now I'm invested in getting to see you in the open!
We're all rooting for you pal. We ain't going anywhere, win or lose. Good luck.
279 par 4 and didn't go for the green?
Accomplishing what Pete is trying to accomplish is extremely difficult and in my humble opinion documenting the journey makes it nearly impossible.  The majority of the competitors have one thought in their mind while competing which makes it easier to focus I believe.  Pete has to carry the weight of having to perform and report to hundreds of thousands of followers after each competition which has to weigh in on his focus during the competition.  I think he has the skills to win or place top 10 in most competitions and honestly think if he did not have the burden of tracking and reporting everything,  the immediate release of that weight and stress would improve his results dramatically.
Chin up Pete, keep plugging away and it’ll fall into place. As they say, the hardest 6” in golf is between your ears
Those green robbed you of probably 4 shots just keep going your heading in the right direction to qualify for the Open it’s the 6” between the ears that stops most of us from being very good golfers great content as always
Just weren’t you day today Pete, early on in the season. Nice to hear you talk through your shots. Keep going Pete you will get there.👏👍
christ they are some bobbly greens ive never seen greens that bad
These greens are an absolute joke
For competition play why don’t more players go up to a more forgiving iron to potential make the round easier in case nerves set in or anything like that ?
love ya Pete and love the content. thank you for bringing us on this journey again.
Enjoyed this video!! The conditions of the greens were a little challenging which I believe that you might be a little to hard on yourself, also understand that you want to better yourself at the same time. I watched many of your older videos playing a round and you are a different player than when you are playing comps, obviously we cannot compare the two but hopefully you can find something to help you in your game. I like watching you channel and look forward to watching new videos!!
Interesting to watch you play my home course Pete, unlucky but great to see anyway! Thank you for the video
I hear a lot of Excuses 😏
How come you didn’t try driving on or around first
Would really prefer there wasn’t a spoiler in the video title.
I dont know how anyone would keep their sanity on those greens!
Greens looked bumpy as hell
Just imagine qualifying for the open, making the cut and being paired with the big cat. I’m sure Pete would probably black out and not know where he is. 😂
Those greens were atrocious. I understand what you said about being a few weeks from 'summer' standard, but they look long and not been rolled. Surely unacceptable for a qualifying 'tournament'.
Greens look atrocious. Doesn't help when you are struggling and trying to save a score with your short game
If I couldn't see you playing and went strictly by the audio I would think you were at least 350 lbs walking the course.  The whispering and heavy breathing was unintentionally hilarious.
It also seems as if your health (back and wrists) are doing better?  Good to hear, if true.  Keep grinding!
A very  honest  video Peter.  You looked  so much  more  comfortable with  this putter than you  do  with the  arm lock putter  .just  a shame the greens weren't up to  par they didn't  look  that  good.  I think you  put to much  pressure on your  self. It's a game of golf mate  just  do your best  and  remember to  enjoy it.
Those greens were terrible, so don't even think twice about makes/misses - just the line perhaps.  If you can tighten up your game from 120 in, you'll be fine.
¡Ánimo desde España, campeón!
Love these videos so much, Pete!  Please keep them coming!
Your like a striker such a confidence player, just need to work on the mental side. Also missing the 7 heaven out the bag big mistake haha
Take the positives.
Has my worst round in two years 3 weeks ago. This first weekend I'm gonna play since. Had to collect myself..✌️⛳🏌️
Those greens looked piss poor. Lottery if it rolls on line or not
Golf is really really hard pal, and your bloody really good at it, keep pushing and the birdie train will without doubt arrive.😁👍👌🏌‍♂️
Those greens look rough 👀. I think a few putts would have dropped otherwise.
Hey Pete, I love hearing you talk through the shot, I think I might adopt this or at least in my head when I play. You should not be too down on yourself. The putting stoke looks good, the full swing looks good too. Just trust you game and I know good scores are around the corner.
Those greens look horrendous 😳
Never would have guessed you to be so talkative with yourself. Lol. Having full on conversation 🙂
Yeah, the Blackburn Greens were rather bumpy… let’s say on the day. Really frustrating leaving 10ft or less in for birdie and watch the ball just bounce away. I shot +5 on the day. 5th in the assistants Leaderboard
Why the switch back to the conventional putter? I’m thinking about giving armlock a try, but see a lot of people switching back to conventional.
Those greens look shocking Peter.
Peter, that is way too much negative talk during your round. You hit a beautiful chip and are like meh... Short putts on those bumpy greens is tough and so much luck. I'm thinking you need to leave your driver in the bag and keep it in play
Your Putting is so much better with that regular shafted putter. 100%
Are the greens in Europe always pure shit? Every video I see of you, Rick and Matt the greens are just trash.
Greens looked  terrible
Look so much more comfortable with the putter Pete. Golf fish mentality when you screw up brother. I keep just saying this when I screw up. Really helps.
Peter, PLEASE remember you are supposed to be having FUN....I hit the ball farther than most people I play with but until midway of last season here in Minnesota, USA. I was very inconsistent with my play. But I got a friend into golf that never played before. And his attitude was amazing. He reminded me that we are on any golf course because we love it and truly enjoy it.. it does seem like your enjoyment has left the golfing building.  I have enjoyed your videos for about a year now. And can tell your stress in quest for the open has robbed you of your joy and passion for the game.. PLEASE somehow try and play a fun round with a friend and try and laugh the whole round. If need be feel free to come to Minnesota and my friends and I would be more then happy to bring you out and have you laughing most of the round. Please have fun and ENJOY your golf more again.  Thanks again and keep making enjoyable content.  And VERY Good Luck on your quest. Jason B.
S&#@ Happens, Pete! You didn't let any of us down, that I promise you. I think you need to start playing more matches against a friend that you're very competitive with, such as Shiels or Andy Carter (filmed or not, but hopefully filmed for our sake! Lol) to get your nerves and competitive nature in check. I mean that in the best way so please don't take that wrong. Playing golf with a friend is one thing, and I love all of your content especially with Fryer, but playing competitively is a 100% different story. 100 times more nerves and it's different when the outcome actually means something to you instead of a friendly game. Hang in there as we all know you can do it already, it's just about having a few good breaks on the course during your round.
As an amateur golfer, I find myself pissed off I make a mistake, than the rest of the day I'm thinking about it and continue to look at the problem and not even consider a solution. I think maybe that is the difference between pros and amateurs for the most part. Find a thought or something that will help you clear your mind mid round. A fun story, a party, a place, put yourself there for a min or 2 on the way to your next tee shot.
Get the feeling you might be over thinking it a bit, but hey what do I know Im just a weekend warrior :D
You got this man!! I know you will succeed!
shooting pars isn't nothing to sniff at mate, keep your game up bud your playing well!!
obviously i cant see because of the video but it seems to me those greens could do with a good cut  Ps: Just relax, don't try too hard, try and beat the course and play OAP golf if you feel like you are about to have a blowup hole.
Brilliantly honest video that also shows the frustrations (and anger !!) all us average Joe golfers feel each weekend in our comps.  I know the golf is not what you are looking for Pete (it will come !!!), but it is still brilliant content. Keep at it
To quote the Simpsons. “Your worst moment, so far.”
You should look into “Decade Golf” Pete, I feel like on these shorter courses you’re clubbing back too much off the tee, leaving longer shots in, and therefore makable birdie opportunities. You gotta use your distance as an asset on the field💪🏻 Enjoy the videos!☺️
Maaan those greens are horrible. Fairways at my local course are less bumpy than that!! Must add to the frustration when you hit good putts and see them bobbling on randomly!!
Pete you were being kind on the Blackburn greens, they were crap for my standard let alone yours. In my humble opinion all you need is a good under par round to gain a bit of confidence. I actually loved watching you, Tom and Adrian at Blackburn. It made me think of how you all handled adversity, when I next played. Good luck in future competitions and don't ever think you are letting us down as your honesty and integrity when reviewing your game is very refreshing. Regards Col😍
Peter, at times golf is so frustrating. We all have issues on certain days. Because Golf is hard. Even for the best players in the world. Keep up the great work, Peter. One observation I've had of all the videos of yours I've watched. Yes I'm just an onlooker and fan of yours. But you look to have WAY MORE pace control with a standard putter than an armlock. So many of your putts could've easily fallen, because you gave yourself more of a chance with that Edel putter. Good luck to you and Cheers!
What brand are them trousers Pete?
Could you have kept the arm-lock and still gotten the Adele head?  Everyone getting on about the greens, it's still early. Best thing is that it's still fair: everyone had to play on them in the exact same conditions.  Ok last edit: holy shit was that a RAMP your ball went over on 17? It caught like 6" of air...yikes.
Remember the old saying Pete, form is temporary, class is permanent 👍
You'd think they would cut the greens down before a tournament.  Never seen such bouncy and slow greens in my life.
Blimey, those greens are brutal! Great content none the less 👍
Those greens looked awful 🙈
play some golf from the lady tee, so you get your brain in a scoring mode more.
Your ball needs 4WD on those greens.   Thanks for showing your putting drill. In your corner, Peter!
There's this new YouTube channel called Swing Quest that guy gives great advice maybe you should check him out! He helped me work out some kinks! 😉 🤣 At least you still have almost a half a million fans! Much love Peter!
Those greens are shocking, how on earth can they allow an important event to play on them?
That 18th hole appears to be sliding off the Earth
Your putting looked a lot better
I like hearing you talk through your shot to yourself. I try to do this, but always forget. Thanks for the reminder and keep grinding!
Just wondering if you weren't hitting driver off the tee on the short par 4s due to having to wait for a group in front?
I behave to add.. the Greens really really are worse than Altrincham Golf course.. wow .. how did you manage not to say anything ..
Those greens seemed insanely punishing, keep pushing through Pete summer conditions just around the corner!
IMO if not for those shag-carpet greens you’d have sank more putts!  Still, nice round, Pete! 🙌🏾
anyone else see the seattle seahawks ball?
oof those greens seem worse than po anna... can see it hit something then take a right turn
What's up with those greens?  A bit bouncy and meh.  Thanks for bringing us on the journey!
My god man lol. If I had a penny every time you changed putter lol
Two holes in and I'm thinking what are those greens about ? The balls are popping , deviating, hop skip jumping. I'd have a quiet word with the course manager. ( I'm a greenkeeper )
Pete I'm sure this is incredibly frustrating for you, but know that you have SO MANY people in your corner! I can't pretend to know what competition golf is like, but your game has grown so much, and I know you'll learn from this and get even better. Always another round!
Favourite thing about this video is seeing the holes where I used to sled down in snow about 30 years ago! Putting looked a little more steady this week!?
Wow greens seem a bit no?😕 Tough green conditions for  tourney but I suppose that's April/may golf unfortunately.  Seems like quite few well struck putts that just bounced/wiggled off line unfortunately
Never too early to offer encouragement and thanks
It feels criminal to be this early. You're fantastic, Peter.
