Power of frieneship vibes
Your songs are beautiful i miss them
dream from minecraft?
This is what SharkBoy and LavaGirl’s script sounds like if you feed it to an electric piano that lives in Wonderland.
dreaming is cool because you can go to glaggleland by eating the white traveler goobab which I try to do but for some reason they are difficult to summon out of thin air even though I can summon other things but when I eat it it taste like tissue paper and fling me somewhere in glaggleland but it was some lame human sanctuary next time I will be somewhere super joyous and one small complaint I have about dreams is that gravity can be too weak like it feels like only four ㎨ and it also often glitches and is kind of a buggy experience but generally it is true that dreams can be much better than anything is supposed to be.
Nobody really reacts to bill (other than the history of the world, i guess) yet so many verified channels from all kinds of genres of videos are here
1:03 I really like this visual
Great Song.
you are a dream
I had this stuck in my head on loop today … and now it’s here unprompted. it’s a sign …
this is truly more than a dream.
This is such a good song. I couldn't help, when it ended, but say outloud, "fuck, that's a good song!"
3:37 I think I did that too, but then it was like "today i slept"
I like to describe Bill Wurtz’s music as the most meaningful gibberish in history, I’m about 99% this is the bedt compliment I can give
happy birthday to this absolute masterpiece of a song/video
Love the key changes.
The percussion is gorgeous
bro how big is your studio
basically what a lucid dream feels like
you can make a religion out of this
I fuckin love it whenever the internet gets like, the kind of person who's a triple threat, like their great at animation or like graphics work, they're a great singer, and they're god damn hilarious, so like, bill Wurtz, Louie Zong, Brian David Gilbert, like, I WISH I was HALF as talented as these people, bravo!!
this video has just enough of the right mentions of concepts in it that you could make an Omori music video out of this
this is probably the best one of his songs, just listen to 0:44
I swear to fucking god this song has the most confusing time signature ever
legend says this is dear evan hansen
This song is terrible, so as the others! they make no sense, have HORRIBLE sound design and context, And the "lyrics" are just random words! If you have any objections, leave a reply.
I love the line “the best dreams will be dreamed again” at 1:52
“Before you’ve seen anything, you can see everything in the dream”  Beautifully put.
just couldnt remember the name, had to check after school
Perfect vid to watch while rolled
2:58 genuinely makes me cry
Masterpiece when the dreams are real
the bassline at 1:32 is actually insane
no way this was 2 years ago
NO WAY THIS WAS 2 YEARS AGO
This was already 2 years ago… damn
1:12 is some one of those moments where the beautiful lyric writing kinda catches me off guard
Imagine waking up in a dream, but then you wake up in that dream, but then you wake up in THAT dream and then you wake up again in *THAT* dream then in that dream you wake up and then in that dream you wake up and then-
dreams make sense, and all the best dreams will be dreamed again, and on the best days you'll believe again, that the best dreams can be real again
this sounds like something they play at the end of a movie
I like how Bill has a twitch account that he never uses
Opopop
You know, I slept on this song. It truly is even better than I initially thought it was!
bill wurtz at Electric Forest when
Seemed so true it's sounded like music
God  made me find this song today. it's amazing! and it resonates with me
Why deos this song remind me of Omori?
This is such a bop what the hell
you should publish it to spotify
i clearly missed the part where dreams make sense
This editing makes me feel memories
This just became my favorite Bill Wurtz song. Positively dreamy. 😍
Cecilia and the satellite vibes tbh
Bill wurtz music is groovy even if you don't understand it
Did u use auto tune or did ur auto tune improve so much that I can’t even notice anymore?
This beat bops idk why
3:19 owo
Fucking incredible. Simultaneously complete nonsense and really meaningful
0:09 and in that dream i fell asleep
I can’t tell if this is acid or Autism
today I wooke upp 🤜🤛
Your shit is so good it makes me cry
Hmmmm reminds me of a certain paradox
this channel is like the more colorful version of jack staubers nightmare fuel videos
3:18 i have been diagnosed with too much internet
Dreamsmakesence
Bill really can achieve the exact feeling of dreaming in all his videos, whether it’s musical or not!
These videos make my day
I don’t know why, or how, but bill makes me feel somehting. He makes me feel more motivated. Like tomorrow is gonna be a better day. And all I want to say, is thank you bill.
Just gawd muhfuggin DAMN these drums, the drums make everything. These are some of the best drums I've ever heard.
Ok, but like why do I think be both looks and acts like a kid friendly Bo Burnham??
Is anyone else crying I am crying so hard
This song is the most comforting song to me, it just sounds hopeful!
Weird thing to ask, but I feel some deja vu with the chord prog. in the first couple of phrases. I know I/IV/vi - I/V/I oughta be pretty common, but does anyone know any other songs with these changes in the same rhythm?
AHHHHHHHHHHHH
i adore this video i hope i can keep it forever just for myself lol
This is the Best one ive heard yet
The lyrics are typical post on LinkedIn
This song makes me imagine it's from the perspective of a pet dog
Who's here one year later?
top 5 best dreams that will be dreamed again
3:08 Shades, Shapes.
Your music healed me Bill. I will forever be grateful.
“Dreams make sense, and all the best dreams will be dreamed again” -bill wurtz
I'm afraid that one day Bill is gonna tell me about raid shadow legends or surf shark or something. It kinda hurts because I feel he deserves commercial success but I guess when my favorite YouTuber goes commercial I loose interest. Bill as a fan I promise to be patient and understanding if one day you want to tell me about raid shadow legends and stay with you for as long as I can.
i think about that transition of "now that everyones screamin at me" at least once a day    something about how pensive the mood is accompanied by the visual image of a thousand people crowded around him yellin
His music is the music you would play in the car of a loooong road trip and it fits the vibe. Like you just woke up and you're having long road trip and this plays
The animation is awesome, but if you only listen to the music it genuinely sounds like something you’d hear on the radio
Bill, if you ever read this – idk when, but I disliked this video by accident. Now that I replaced it you have 1 dislike less and 1 like more.
2:35 why is the delivery of that line so satisfying (also wish that was me)
its a
idk very much about Salvador Dali, but I think he would've probably liked this
4:20
I want a complete album of his songs dang it, cause i want to hear more his amazing music.
This song is so good god damn
Dreaming Of Dreams
I have that exact same jacket
time flies so fast
This gives me life. This is perfection!
i put this song in google translate, here's what I got:  Today I woke up in a dream     everything is not as it seems     In that dream, I fell asleep     Dream about what I dream of.      everything was fine yesterday     did it yesterday     Every day seems so different     unbelievable day      you have to believe     dream     Believe what dreams can be     I think dreams can     The best thing that happened to you and me     oh oh oh     dreams can     much better     the most important is     I     I can't believe what I see     It's not just a dream     This is unimaginable by anyone in history      I woke up today to tell the truth     (it) looks real and sounds like music     If I play cool, I can hear your voice     you almost told me what to do      you have to believe     in freedom     Be free to believe in your dreams     Because that's what the best dreams are     When you find a way to trust them     dreams are meaningful     All the best dreams dream again     On the best days you will believe again     The best dreams can become reality again      I just found a better way     I'll shout it out, hope you can see my way     I know you might find a different way     I want you to yell at me      Now everyone is screaming at me     What does it mean?     in a cool sunday breeze     the sun rises, though I     sleep tight     spend every season     I just dream of four seasons     Who wants to know the reason for the dream     what is pleasant     can you dream the reason     how much longer     before the whole thing becomes a more real scene     before you see anything      you can see everything     dream     See what dreams can see     You will see that dreams can     The best thing that happened to you and me     oh oh oh     dreams can     much better     the most important is     I     I can't believe what I see     It's not just a dream     This is unimaginable by anyone in history      I woke up today
Ever have a dream that's so boring your brain just has a dream in the same dream,
Today i woke up in a dream
Lucid dream noises
my fav part is 2:08-2:22
bill wurtz songs sound like the default ringtone you have when you first get your phone
Imagine Bill Wurtz supporting Jacob Collier.... They'd be such a well suited show
this is so beautiful god damn
After watching half of this, had a dream that included a dream inside of it. Actually, didn't end too well.
damn his goodddddddddddddf
i do enjoy you. your are so precious.
He’s actually a good singer
I swear, Bill Wurtz is its own genre now
~ungh~
Welp,so,i know bonnie from fnaf is a boy
this song fits perfectly for one piece
The 2d videos are slowly turning to 3d 💖
Thanking the channel IWrocker for reacting to the history of the world? And as he was asking himself how is it he had not seen this, so was I....I came straight from there and subscribed immediately 😃👍👍👍👍👍👍🏆🇦🇺😃🙆🏻‍♀️🕊🕊🕊🕊🕊🎊🎉🎊.
0:03 drema
00:3 dream
This is definitely one of Bill’s best videos. Really gets to the heart of the miraculous reality that is really more unreal than anyone could dream possible ❤️🙏🏼
It's a strange world when the song about dreams is the song that makes the most sense.
Best song by far!
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again" My dreams that I dream again: Flying dreams, but I can only float like 6 inches off the ground and I keep pushing off of cars to get away from a guy with a knife  What does it mean (on a cool Sunday breeze)?
This is why I smoke weed
1:38 why do I like this dance so much
He's not a wacky dude, he's a deep intelligent poet, and his play with grammar is so overlooked
I’m going to listen to this song everyday.
Bill wurtz should release an album
Ok
this is the music they listen to in the back rooms
bill wurtz is a total original
2062 English teachers are going to lose their shit when they see this
anybody else with derealization relate to this video more than they should?
I actually reflect on my week while listening to these songs and I don’t know why. They evoke something in my brain that cause me to think thoughts. How.
Not me coming here everyday to vibe my ass off😩❤️
Bill is a master at riding the line between profound and nonsensical.
I love this one so much
+keep an open mind
It's not a mistake it's a masterpiece
When you fall asleep in a dream 😂
Bill Wurtz is the best to listen to. Hits similarly to Stevie Wonder.
There's so much groove in his songs it makes they seem like the only sandwiches among plain breads
No mom I don't want to have a good Dream, I hate Dream
I don't know if 2:23 defines as a bridge because the whole song doesn't have a repetitive structure like most songs, but from there till the end is just perfection, the rhyme structure for that whole part is so satisfying. I am convinced that BIll is one of our generation's top tier musician/songwriters
The multiple parentheses makes me uncomfortable.
I think this song might be a way for Bill to say that he moved to a new house
He definitely likes the letter “o” in this video
why does this remind me of phil collins tarzan soundtrack
Bill Wurtz's songs feel like fleeting moments in song form. It's so comforting.
1:47 BANGER
I watched this on the YouTube app in my dream
Your songs on god make me feel SO MUCH genuine emotion, like I don't know what it is but a lot of them I end up with legitimate tears in my eyes, abstract or not. Don't know how you do it but know you're appreciated!!
I sing like this. ×^×
this alone is better than half the songs out there I'm not even exaggerating
How I feel when I have false awakening
“If wife coluld b drem
make more dum
I love this
This is the song that made me fall in love with Bill's music. I found this on YouTube six months ago when this video came out and I've been a huge fan ever since. Great times! :)
Legend says he's still dreaming about that dream
Bill cracked the code
Make way for Elsinore Rigby 2
Bill has seizure
you break my brain ):
It's amazing how his songs have this wacky retro style no one uses
His songs are better than most pop songs today...
One of the best decisions I ever made was subbing to Bill Wurtz
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again On the best days, you'll beleive again" HARD HITTING LYRICS
omg i needed this
Dude single handley destroyed typography, graphic design and music industry
yeah, but what are the ingredients in the dream? what makes it seem so appealing?
I fell asleep using this
thanks for lighting up my day
Is your Chanel all songs
Is there a super like button?
Bill Wurtz...First vid watched  was the history of the world....but you made music? NO WAY  Honestly....more people should make music like this...Nonsense that makes you laugh so much you go....oh This makes sense   Makes sense right? It's so nonsensical sense, you don't need a sense....  *THATS HOW NON IT GETS*
Lyrics  Today i woke up in a dream Nothing was the way it seemed And in that dream i fell asleep Dreaming about the things i dreamed Yesterday things were normal Yesterday things were complete (ah) Everyday seems so different Everyday is so hard to believe You got to believe In the dream Believe in the things that the dream can be And i think the dream can be The best thing that ever happened  To you and me Oo oo oo Wo wo wo Dreams can be Much better Than anything is supposed to be Wo wo wo wo I cant believe What im seeing Its more than a dream And its more than anyone ever dreamed in history Today i woke up telling the truth Seemed so true It sounded like music And if i play it cool I can hear you You almost told me what to do You got to believe In freedom Be free to believe in the things you dream of Thats the way That the best dreams Can be dreamed of When you find a way to believe in them Dont dont do no no whoa Dreams make sense And all the best dreams Will be dreamed again And on the best days Youll believe again That the best dreams  Can be real again I just found a better way And ill scream it out  And hope youll see it my way And i know you might find A different way And i hope you scream it back at me (Ungh) Now that everyone's screaming At me What does it mean? On a cool sunday breeze (Sunday breeze) The sun comes up Though im getting a good nights sleep (Good nights sleep) Slept through every season I just dreamed the seasons Does anyone want to know the reason For dreaming Whats the reason its pleasing? Can you dream the reason How much longer will it be Before the whole thing changes Into a more realistic scene Before youve seen anything You can see everything! In the dreeeeam See the things that the Dream can see And youll see that the dream can be The best thing that ever happened  To you and me Oo oo oo Wo wo wo Dreams can be Much better Than anything is  Supposed to be Woahhhhhh I cant believe What im seeing Its more than a dream And its more than anyone ever dreamed in history Today i woke up
yo he stole matt healy's dance moves
Sitting on bed watching this on my phone, perfect song to go to sleep to!
bill wurtz can make a song about tables and i'll listen to it 24/7
Why does this remind me of the dark history of abstract art?
this is worth my time
You are getting me through it with this song!  Every time. 💗
The secret life of Walter Mitty
Creation is the dream. Am I reading correctly?
Why do some of these songs feel like a personal description of me
More than anyone dreamed in history, I guess.
I unironically love this song. I could listen to this on loop.😌
You need to make a video bringing Steve back
My English teacher would kill you for those little “i”s man
Motivation 100000
1:50 Bill you know what you did there and on the thumbnails
😴
This guy writes poetry. Change my mind.
This is unironically a banger
I want you to collaborate with trey Parker and Matt stone
cool and all but who's your dealer
"Stay forever asleep Cause life pales in comparison to living the dream"  Bo Burnham
Bills videos have the same vibe as superliminal.
W-wait, is this on Spotify? It needs to be if it isn’t on Spotify…
"Today I woke up in a dream". Had me at the first line xD
i had a dream that i did my laundry. i woke up and realized i did not do my laundry. it was not more than a dream. then i did my laundry, and so it was more than a dream, i guess.
A few days ago I dreamed about coming back from the afterlife as a fish. At 26 o'clock I woke up in my dream and then I went back to sleep and continued dreaming about being a fish.
Hmmm
best music
he finally learned how to animate in 4D
This song is.. weirdly inspiring.
We can make a religion out of this!
420 videos  nice
Underrated
every frame of a bill wurtz video is a piece of modern art.
I love the little guy doin a little jig
sculp t ure
1:37 the guy looks like hes being moved around with photoshop lmao
The irregular beat pattern gets me every time 🤩
This I so underated
This song helped me get through some hard feelings I've been dealing with recently. Thank you Bill 🙏🏻
nice, *he has finally returned*
Directions unclear: I just had a psychedelic adventure.
My braincells 24/7 :
This is probably my favorite of his songs so far-
One of my favourite Bill Wurtz songs
“You got to believe in freedom. Be free to believe in the things you dream of. Thats’s the way that the best dreams can be dreamed of.”  Beautiful Bill :)
This song slaps intensely
That percussion is off the charts!
I think Bill's is probably the wholesomest for of nihilist pop
A smooth transition from 2:16 into the bridge that I absolutely love.
2:06 Halo 1 be like
This song feels like 2020 2021 and 2022 explained through music especially the first few bits
Lovely!! Thanks so much for this Bill :)
epic
Is this Bill's way of telling us that he has done a large dose of psychedelic substances?
A lot of pyramid capstone lightning bolt and do what thou wilt type stuff.
This should be its own style
This man went from making funny animations about history then making insane songs and animations
Good to know he fell asleep
very 90s style
Hmm.. Human music.
Ok, call me weird but this would be my top music genre ((coming from a person who doesn't still have a genre until I said this ever since I listened to music))
2:37 so beautifully written music :)
1:38  the key change is incredible
This surely is Dreason
idk what it is but this whole video seems so deep, the lyrics are legitimately making me tear up
you know... he says "the best dreams will be dreamed again" but the last dream I remember having a sequel to was that weird nightmare I had
he made this to make us understand why this is more than a dream
This is gorgeous! I couldn't take my eyes of the visual effects 😄
OH MY GOSH. I have to comment, the ending just gave me chills. A whole song about how beautiful the dreams are, how it's more than just a dream, and then it ends: Today I woke up. Over. No explanation, no resolution, the dream is done.
this is so good it's scary. i sat down to try to trnascribe the chords by ear and i'm just setting everything down to listen to the bass n mix :O
Finest example of 7/4 I've ever heard. The switch from 7/4 to 4/4 and back is honestly incredible.
I want to play this song in beatstars, so I can lose terribly!
His videos and his music is so special and, well, just iconic, I'd be able to discern it from everywhere. Especially those animations they're perfectly in tune! Those visuals tickle the sides of my brain, haha! They just melt perfectly with those sounds! I just love you videos, Bill!
When you take a nap and wake up at 2am:
0:54 Oh man, the animation here goes so well with this transition.
This song is like sacred geometry to me. The more I listen to it, the more patterns emerge that I can't get out of my head. I can't stop listening
Video turns 4 months old today
The animations are so much like the song, they have the same exact vibe
Lucid dreaming in a nutshell
Can't believe I missed this when it was released. Very very good on many levels.
THIS VIDEO GIVES ME SO MUCH HOPE AND INSPIRATION!!!!!! I HOPE YOU HEARD MY SCREAM.
We just high and really listening to Bill wurtz right now
Today I woke up in a dream Nothing was the way it seemed And in that dream I fell asleep Dreaming about the things I dreamed Yesterday things were normal Yesterday things were complete (ah) And every day it seems so different Every day is so hard to believe You got to believe In the dream Believe in the things that the dream can be And I think the dream can bе The best thing that evеr happened to you and me Ooh, woah-woah-woah Dreams can be much better Than anything is supposed to be Woah, I can't believe what I'm seeing It's more than a dream And it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history Today I woke up telling the truth Seemed so true it sounded like music And if I play it cool I can hear you You almost told me what to do You got to believe In freedom Be free to believe in the things you dream of 'Cause that's the way that the best dreams can be dreamed of When you find a way to believe in them Don't-don't-do, no-no-woah Dreams make sense And all the best dreams will be dreamed again And on the best days you'll believe again That the best dreams can be real again I just found a better way And I'll scream it out And hope you see it my way And I know that you might find a different way And I hope you scream it back at me (Ugh) Now that everyone's screaming at me What does it mean? On a cool Sunday breeze (Sunday breeze) The Sun comes up Though I'm getting a good night sleep (Getting a good night sleep) Slept through every season I just dreamed the seasons Does anyone want to know the reason for dreaming? What's the reason it's pleasing? Can you dream the reason? How much longer will it be Before the whole thing changes into a more realistic scene? Before you've seen anything You can see everything in the dream See the things that the dream can see And you'll see that the dream can be The best thing that ever happened to you and me Ooh, woah-woah-woah Dreams can be much better Than anything is supposed to be Woah, I can't believe what I'm seeing It's more than a dream And it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history Today I woke up
I'm wondering if the entire song is supposed to be the dream. It starts off with Bill saying he woke up in a dream, and the song ends seemingly prematurely, with him singing "Today I woke up".
I noticed this was out when I the latest one came out 😅
that Jack Stratton @ 2:35?
bill can make a song about dreams and make it seem like 3 hours
Great as always!
I think this is how he expresses his feelings
Bill's stuff is 1/2 total nonsense and 3/4 shockingly profound
abstract 3d nostalgia?
a half remembered fever dream
So inspiring! And I will dream of my dreams because of thiz!!
You’re amazing. There is literally nothing else to say.
He reminds me of Howard Jones, but cooler and smoother. God I'm old.
i love how he has a green-screen but never chroma-keys it out
my dream last night...was me crying for something/someone leaving me...
Dream
"Today I woke up" - Bill Wurtz, 2021
this song is so good omg
I can only describe this dude's songs as summer, they just radiate summer energy
Adding a comment just for me to wake up in 5 months and delete it
So inspiring yet so confusing
this is not a fandom now, this is a cult. and i am here for it.
Love your music mate! It really makes my day.
How is this not 1#
I have a request.. could you make a video about the history of Korea since yk k-culture is recently getting lots of fame
I can imagine meeting Bill in real life and he just has the exact monotone but expressive voice he does in these videos normally XD
/newvideo421:
I wish you never leave yt because you have thaught all of us so much more than School ever did,will and is trying to teach us. Your the kind of guy that's truly qualified to teach children and other than that the way you teach i mean all the videos you did about history like "the history of the world" video and many more. love you from the bottom of my heart and may Allah keep you happy
I just realized man has made 420 videos
face reveal
FUN FACT: this is the 420th video
Differences from bill wurtz and jack stauber : Bill wurtz has a happy/peaceful vibe Jack stauber has a odd/eerie but nothing can hurt, That’s pretty much it, both make music, both can edit, both can animate and 3d animate
Your telended.... Wow i guesss i have a trash voice
man real talk tho speaking of dreams bill's songs are like a fever dream edit: i just looked back and for most of his songs i see dreams coming and going throughout topics which proves this song was inevitable
3D
I miss your blinky words :)
01:13, wow face reveal.
1:53 and all of the best dreams will be dreamed again I agree
Man made a new genre of music
bill come back ohio state university needs you make juicy tracks
Bill wurtz come back I miss you
💖😸💤🐾🎶☁⛅🌠
This music is really good This definitely felt longer than 3 minute#
true[sic]
This is pretty much what is  Bill wurtz. Random, but cool.
"Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday, you said tomorrow, so JUST...DO IT!!! MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE!!!" - Shia LaBeouf
*speedrun*
Hi Bill. I love you and want good things for you. That's all. Goodbye.
Hi bill
It reminds me of the Arthur show theme song for some reason
You there, Bill Wurtz?  If so, give us a response!  No pressure or anything, though...
I believe that I will dream about believing in the dreams that I'm supposed to dream and those dreams will be grand dreams of sleeping and dreaming.
Why does this slap
I can't get over how he has a green screen in the background and aggressively doesn't use it. I love it!!!
Imagine a Jacob Collier collaboration with Bill...
time signature ninja
The god himself returns   Yes give it to me daddy give me your music juice
Do you like Bill Wurtz’s Slow Down song?
I believe that bill is on crack
bro this is the best dream i could ever dream
cool
I’m convinced that bill is an alien and the shots of him irl are just his sick animation skills
It like my last night dream came true!
How did I miss this
Where is Bill?
Thank you
This just oozes good vibes
Bill could say anything and animate anything and I would still look and sound amazing
These 3d animations are what take him so long in uploading a song
this is the longest 3 minutes of my life
me over here rememering hi, im steve
Chords? Love the song!
Wow, this was oddly personal for me. I needed this.
This is random but will is now at 420 vids what if he might quit now 😂
He prob stop making videos BC he made 420 vids
1:20 true[sic] is so good!
This makes me earn again the faith in humanity
the first time i heard this song it just *hit* me. every line spoke to me in a way i can't explain. thank you
Bro you have 420 videos
ah when you dont know what to watch, watch and listen to Bill
420th video
Wheb you realise he is not posting because he have 420 videos
guys he has 420 videos less gooo
420th video nice
He has 420 videos
Ik why he dont upload just see how many videos he have now
The music of this entity is the definition of "just explore the space"
your intro makes me want to explain to sexton why rockstar really doesnt matter youknow like the fact gt6 is coming out like who tf asked
I love how every few months he uploads just one video.
In another universe, Bill Wurtz posted videos everyday.
This dude taught me the history of everything. And now he teaches us to dream, i guess
This is the 420th video on this channel
The way you keep transitioning from random, strangely thought-provoking statement to another random, strangely thought-provoking statement never gets old
Thank you Bill
today he woke up
Not going to lie, I love this. It’s kinda philosophical.
He back
Bill, Please don't do this to us again. Come back. :(
Yes, my best dreams can be dreamed again...
He vanished yet again but time travellers can tell me his next video
420 videos. Nice
Everything can be said to be, that doesn't mean they arent or are anything, just they are said to be and then this saying can be said to be because we say it to be saying. and any of this can also be said to be, it is but is there is or an it, u say there to be and u say there to be an it. a thought of is this being made unecasarily complex by "me" to show off can be said to be existing. this can be said to be anything, what will it be said to be by what can also be said to be you.
now hes in osu
Why can't i hear these songs on the radio???
We missed ya bud.
i 100% agree this video looks exactly like a dream. so abstract and vague
you are a word smith. you're like Eminem
bro, this video has so much less visuals and is way more modern. I don't hate it but the old animations were great too.
ok so after 3:19 it is beatuiful up to the orange cone thing like yes everything is lovely but this 😩
someone count how many time he says dreams         im too lazy to do it
Facts
Happy 420th video
Man left came back dropped bangers then left again
OSU FEATURED ARTIST WOOOOOO LETS GOOOO
Guys bill finally did it. He got featured as an artist on osu. I currently have top 50 on la de da
i like the new style after a long time of inactivity i know these things take time but its always worth the wait! :D
This is the only lowercase teachers will accept
Yo never expected u would be a featured artist on osu
This is his 420th video
Came back to this channel after seeing him becoming a Featured Artist in osu! (rhythm game)
This is the best mess ever
This song aside and stuff he posted 420 videos "klik" nice
Where’s the history of china?
First day ever finding this guy
That's it, no more videos. He reached 420
Everyone was fine... Until the fire nation attacked!!! But then there was bill wurtz  But when the world needed him most, he vanished
thanks bill, your amazing.
This is some crazy metaphor for life, isn’t it bill?
I love it
If Bill Wurtz and Jack Strauber made a collab i would be happy :)
You are a legend. How. I cant-
Where are you at 🥲
Man you give me so much serotonin 😊
king pls come back
Owl City has been on a break for a couple of years. It is nice to hear a new feel-good song.
Make a video about the entire history of Egypt
hehe... lol *"truesic"*
now, this is music
he hasnt uploaded anymore videos because he has 420 videos uploaded
Are you still alive
His 420th video
You've been missed.
ungh
Hey, if you’re reading this, I want you to go listen to See the Day by the Altogether. Now tell me these don’t have the same melody.
He is simply dreaming about sleeping and when in that sleep he is dreaming of the things he dreamed of when he originally slept, but in that dream he think it is unbelievable that the days seem all weird in another dream inside of that dream, then he dreams of what the dream can be and starts to rant about time and dreams being so confusing
Fun Fact: Bill Wurtz has 420 Videos
Best song yet
You never disapoint us
This man has disappeared and came back twice
Ohh u r a legend finally he came
The dream was Bill making even more videos
Thank god this song was all just a dream
He is once again in his slumber
The Jedi eagerly awaited your return, Bill
i would love to see a Bill Wurtz and Jacob Collier duet
This is political <3
Miss you, buddy.
420 vids lol
If a new religion forms, it is gonna be this guy
When you gonna change the flow?  Bill: *2:23*
come on man where are you we miss you ☹
I missed you bro. You are incredible. Welcome back and thank you for making more content I needed more wholesome good content again, Pure 2016 vibes now I missed this feeling.
Your videos help me deal with life
Wake up babe, the wurtz had released another banger
420 videos . . . . Noice
Is it a coincidence that bill wurtz and jack stauber both left youtube for months, and then uploaded on the same month and both stopped uploading again?         Yeah it is
The character in this is the same character that was in here comes the sun
I don't know why but it isn't until I feel a bit lost that this mans lyrics start to make perfect sense. you're a god bill and why want you to never stop what you're doing. I don't care if you'll die death won't be enough to stop you.
Wonder if he is ever gonna make history content again?
Dr
“ normal “
Bruh I’ve never heard a song that made me this happy
This man could go from talking about dreams to talking about how the pyramids were built. He has too much power in one video
I absolutely love these songs. The sound to me seems like a very adhd slightly less existential Tame Impala, yet of course with its own very abundant creativity. Mad props goodsir, much love.
Please...I beg of you. Can you do a History of Science like your history of the world, but, SCiEnCe
I am so glad u posted again can u try postibg again maybe in a few montha but pla not 9 months again😭
ok i'm not gonna stop dreaming thanks for the music bill, much love
Are you telling me that life is a dream in itself
How has he mastered the art of making songs, videos, education, entertainment, and visuals all at once?
more than a dream: a nightmare
dont worry guys he just wants to have 420 videos uploaded for a long time
bro learned 5D animation before anyone else
This is more than art, it's a masterpiece
I only now realize that he has 420 videos. nice
Thanks dude
This is his 420th video 👏🏻👏🏻
That 7/4 sounds so natural
Bill looks at a word for too long and this is what happens
Nice lyric song
This song ends so positively! "Today, I woke up" is actually a positive statement. Means you get to live another day to perhaps dream another night.
2763000000000th
um bill can i get a translation for what this is
Do the history of USA and we give you 1000k likes ok :)
I agree, I think? Idfk.
the defenition of quirky
"Make your life the way that you want it to be. There is a reason we can dream." -Spaze
His songs make no sense, but at the same time they are so easy to understand.
Lmao
Dreamcore is the belief that reality is not real, that this is all a dream, we’re all just asleep and will wake up tomorrow,
I swear Bill and Jack Stauber are the diffirent sides on the same coin.
I have a dream A dream that one day All the NoBrains will be shot In the arm
3:18 *_owo intensifies_*
i love how he kept the same font after changing his whole editing style
i love this man
ngl if u made a video of what happened after 2017 it'd be cool like continuing the world history video
[true]sic > Music
Bill makes songs that would appear on PBS kids during the Mr.Rodgers Neighborhood Era. And I am soo here for it man
nice 420th video
Every one of these is a new trip
sounds like that one Brian David Gilbert song..?  (cover* as i've learned)
All these videos are probably how Bill’s brain works ❤️ so fascinating
Okay,  this is epic
I aint gonna lie The Weeknd beginning to sound like this
Do another history video!
Hey dude can you do a Persian war oversimplified?? That would be hella good!
next : History of Indonesia i guess
this was written by an AI
420th vid ayo!
only reason he hasnt been uploading is bc it's his 420th vid
Absolute fire song honestly
unrelated comment but 420 videos
I'm happy now 🙂
Bill picked up Blender?
Bill wurtz a worthy successor to Rick astley and lives on cloud 9 with his well thought out out success resting on top of his failures.
this is his 420th vid
Love the percussion in this song, so well done. I’m a musician and can fully appreciate just how complex his arrangements are. This reminds me of Peter Gabriel’s live shows. Having an Afro-world type feel but so clean and open, yet complex and groovy.
My existence doesn't matter. You're amazing.
He’s got the most iconic video style i’ve ever seen
It's really getting harder and harder to blieve Bill is a human just like me
this makes me happy
so thats why your were not uploading you were stuck in a dream!
You're a legend
From the title, I was sure this is about Dream.
Now this guy seems to disappear for a few months or a few years then uploads a few videos the disappears again
Bill’s content feels like what happens when th
You're videos are anxiety riddled
hampter.
can (house)
This is just like those beats you think of in the shower that aren't thought of that just sound good.
so is bill a music channel now?
I love that you went to the trouble of transcribing "ungh" 😂
It makes sense and doesn’t make sense at the same time… I LOVE IT
This has the 90s all over it I like it
This man makes me believe that magic is real but only he can see it and no one can use it.
this rlly slaps bro
I too like (tru)sic
He’s not dead yay.
watched this for 1hour looped
As a member of gen z, I am glad to inform you that this channel has reached a total of 420 videos.
woot
I swear, bill could just slap random shit into the lyrics and rub it with some life story and call it a music, and It's somehow good, most of his songs feels so vivid and gives off this dreamy style
420th video
in his time away he learnt how to animate and became a singer,    *His dedication is a work of art*
I MISS YOUR HISTORY VIDS WE NEED MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What you use to aminate?
Post again
this is so beautiful!
I know this is a lot to ask but can you make a newer version of "the history of the world I guess?"
His style hasn’t changed much since he first started YouTube and it’s so freakin awesome
I miss u
It's 2022
why does this song feel about five minutes longer than it is
This is amazingly edited, not to mention the composition. Gotta love Bill Wurtz's style.
this has a strong donald fagen vibe to it
Holy Shit, this was so fucking random, BUT THE BEST KIND OF RANDOM EVER AND I LIVE FOR IT
More, please, Bill.
Feels almost like Peter Gabriel in some places.
This is beautiful, unironically one of my favorite songs ever
Bill wurtz always makes my day wonderful! I wish i could listen to bill wurtz songs in my car
"dreams can be much better"   *no, technoblade is better*
quantity oveer quality
I DEMAND HISTORY OF ALBANIA... NOW
wake up
our maater came back doing the spit facts
your positivity is too unrealistic. everything these days suck. try turning a midlife crisis int a song. i mean seriously, there are so many potential verses! you could talk about the meaninglessness of us all in relation to the cosmos, the prison we are all locked in that never actually existed that we call space, time being an abstract concept we created, our window into the universe being an illusion of our own minds, the unanswerable question of what exactly consciousness is, everything being a simulation of the brain, quantum mechanics being a coding error in the machine that runs the simulation of our universe, inevitable death, the fact that humans are physically incapable of creating a unified society because of tribalistic, egotistical, petty, flawed natures with minds that always are trying to separate people into groups so it can consider itself superior than others and the fact that churros will become illegal in 2035. oh also i forgot to mention that you could sing about how america is going to collapse soon
confusion
Bruh this video itself is a dream e
Bill you're seriously a legend!!! So glad you exist!
And he's gone, but he will be back and we will wait
With every upload he's made since coming back, the number of times I have to watch and listen in order to understand what the hell's happening to my brain increases.
I dreamed about my table
Masterpiece!
Fun fact: he currently has 420 videos now
Ha, 420th vid
(:
How is this actually sounding good
what genre do you call this bill?
its so wierd to listen to basicly pop music with such odd texting and a video which basicly screams vaporwave. both make together no sense at all but are still so much fitting...its mindblowing.
nice video amount bill
Well it is safe to say this will be the last video produced by this Legend. #420
Everybody say it together *thanks bill*
We want you back your history videos were so good
The best way to describe this guy's songs is "Drug trips with meaning"
Celebrating 420 videos
This is actually really good  Like *really* good what
Best anime openings of all time
This guys just comes and goes lol
Somebody get this man a vevo
I wasn't notified So I had to check this channel if there's anything new
Make a video of how large the universe is
Wheres the lyrics?
Nice number of videos
history of korea please
Can you make an updated history of the world I guess to corospond with Covid?
this was the longest 3 minutes and 41 seconds of my life, and i dont regret it!
He understands quantum immortality and is expressing it to us in a way
So I've never done acid.. but I feel like this would be great to watch wile on a trip
i'm very glad this man learned how to use blender
Keep in mind that this is his 420th video
This is a full Disney song
It's time Bill.  Make another history video.
Really takes off beautifully at 2:37
1:13 Sunny in omori good ending be like
His songs always end like his free trial expired as he was finishing up
man, since you came back it’s noticeable the improvement, honestly i hope your break was good and gave you time to just relax a bit. you are what the internet needs, it’s crazy how simple but fantastic your stuff is, you are my inspiration to simply exist.   thanks bill  (if my english was bas i apologize i am not from an english-speaking country)
this is bill's 420th video
I have a strange feeling that Bill experiences Synesthesia... The colors of his videos are too perfect.
Welp 420 videos I guess that's the last video of him
this marks your 420th video. nice
*=catches you out of the chaos you slipped into=*
inception in 4 minutes
Can u make a vid about germany
Yes the thumbnails was more than a dream… it was George too… do y’all get it??
Can’t wait for another 6-4 months for another video
so dream of having a stroke sounds good     welcome back wurtz
420th video congrats
This is Peter Gabriel level amazing. This is incredible
Bill is getting too powerful,  his songs are starting to be more structured
Yesterday was "normal "
give me your blender knowledge   now  hand it over
Now we need 3D history of the world.
hey this song slaps you should make an arg
He doesn’t miss
pllleaseee meow backkkkkk
meow 🥺🥺🥺 please meow back
Yo u should try and make the history of the world video again
you should do the history of Australia
Anyone else get this on their fyp and click for  1 bill is back!! 2 all I saw was blue, green, and the word dream 😏
THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND... IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!
Sounds like he's calling out for everyone to come together and get out of their dreams of daily life and make it a reality for everyone "you and me"  Just a guess.
Like This Video!
W.T.h
to hell with you, youtube, I've waited a bajillion years for this and you didn't tell me?! for shame. Another masterpiece to add to the collection
Mmmph, dat 90s jazz aesthetic tho...
Bill wurtz had a lucid dream!??!??
No matter what has happened, a bill wurtz song sounds familiar to me. And when i listen to one i always feel like i have to savor the moments where im listening to the song, as if its gonna be gone the next day. Bill wurtz, never let us lose these moments, please.
HE RETURNED!!!!!!
The video started with him saying "today i woke up"  then my video froze
1:49 ok but that key change got me
I've just realised that this bill wurtz's 420th video, nice
this song sums it up just right https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huc7IL7b8S8
The return of the king
This song sounds like it's about creativity
oh lol this song makes me want to get sleep and dream lmao
The nice voice and is making the closest thing to 3D on a 2D screen equals the best music+ animation I’ve ever seen
Loving the 7 feel :)
Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dręam Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Second Reality Within A Dream Within A Dream Within A Brain Within A Dream
Petition to re create "the history of the world i guess" in 3d
This is bill's 420th video
I’m so angry he didn’t continue the natural cadence of “you go to believe”.   Perfect crescendo   The nutty thing I love about Bill’s music that it doesn’t continue it’s notes and progression but still rides it’s choruses and keeps making callbacks to its previously missed notes. Fucking crazy.
2:34 It's ironic that I'm watching this at midnight XD
Can we just say that this guy is the best musician ever
hello z.
I love this. It’s catchy.
Finally! I figured it out Bill Wurtz has aids
HES BACK
he took all the technical rules of music and removed the common sense and made a masterpiece
Very pog :D
Pretty sure I shouldn't be watching this video...
The sun is a deadly lazer
I love this man's content
Happy new years bill!
As goofy as this shit is, this literally makes me want to be better. Well done, Bill. You da real MVP.
This song is so inspiring
bill: these songs are not good enough. also bill, 6 months later: okay nice this is understandable me: best. animation.
why didn't this hit the charts???? it's a bop!!!!
Hey it's new years 2022 what'sgud?
Make more documentaries
Congrats on 5 mil subs, Bill. You will always be one of if not my favorite music artist, and this new one honestly competes with my fav of your songs, thank you so much for everything!
i like ur voice
This has so much nostalgia from the days of PBS kids. #TakesMeBack
'Bill Wurtz' Should be an artistic genre on it's own to be honest!
Magnum Opus energy
I have no idea what all it means but I like it.
you should collab with Cyriak, the guy who made 7 billion
that made me feel a lot better
everything he said sometimes always contradictive, and I think he's starting to infecting me too
420 videos mark
I think this guy just sings whatever comes into his head
Does he make all of his music by himself?
If you told me this was AI generated, I’d believe you.
it’s crazy that he wrote a love song to dream.
I’d love to see a Jack Stauber and Bill Wurtz collaboration. The music style and art style seem like they can go well together if played in the right way
He
These are probably the most positive and inspiring lyrics Bill has ever released. Love it
Bill wartz animation is like a fever dream but its funky
420th video nice
I’m waiting for a future of earth, Maybe…
Such a beautiful mind and also an incredible musician! 🏆☮️
Q: How/Why are you such a genius sir?
It’s always An exciting day when bill wurtz uploads.
What technologies do you use to make such awesome videos sempai? 🤔
Upload more often From 6 months for a video per year to 8 weeks for a video per year!
Still waiting for him to talk about Velcro...
0:18 *Yesterday By The Beatles intensifies*
Nobody: Literally nobody: Me: THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED XD
Lol he’s at 420 videos right now I hope he doesn’t upload again so we can keep it that number
Cracks one hell of a drug
"I can't believe what I'm seeing It's more than a dream And it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history"
His content is the best,    But ya know what, he should also continue on the documentaries he’s quite good at explaining in that humorous way who agrees??? ⬇️⬇️
Underrated
It's no history of a country video but still pretty good.
coool billl.
i  do not understand the message because i'm too focused on the chaos i love it
It's amazing you are back with more 4d chess
Ima honest I think this song sounds even better at 1.75x speed!  Context: I first listened to this song at 1.75x speed on accident, thinking it was normal. After listening to it at normal speed it just wasn't the same XD
🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵
bill's either insane, a genius, or both and i think it's a good thing that we can't tell which
run for us president
“And all the best dreams will be dreamed again” beautiful 😢
Ayyy!  Your back!
Drop an album already bill!This is real good
Hello sir i kinda need you back to make videos coz I kinda miss you yee 🎶
I swear bill wurtz is just a more family friendly version of Jack Stauber
Dont mind me just dropping a timestamp 0:53
This is so cool!
EY HES BACK
Masterpiece
What a masterpiece
I’m so happy now you’re back
happy birthday, i am about 2 weeks off though
These songs are so pog
You should do a complete history of Greece. I feel like that would be really cool
Wow
420 videos haha funni number
The 420th video
my man makes a powerful comeback!
uhm is this on Spotify? 🥺
https://www.youtube.com/c/dream
The 420th video. Nice. This counts for a celebration.
man i love this channel
My whole life I thought this dude and Jack stauber were the same dude idk why but I did
Not gonna lie, i think that this is the best Bill Wurtz song ever
Ummm why you still don't have tiktok? That's totally the format! Especially short vids
420 videos. Nice.
This slaps
The musical king of YouTube
Everytime a bill wurtz song comes out I cry tiers of joy. This is not a joke
I find this weirdly motivating, it. Had a good beat and lyrics about dreams. I love it
Only him can make any word sould like it belongs in music  He can make anything sould good in a song And you can't predic what he's gonna say.
*the sun is*  still  *a deadly laser*
Bill can officially quit youtube as he now has 420 videos.
bill wurtz: "Today I woke up"  Best day, honestly.
Is guys is so good and creative
Oh my goodness Bill snapped on this one! Really appreciate your passion for music! You’re truly a master of your craft. May God bless you Bill ☀️
hey look over there its a mouse
He dumps all of his random thoughts into a video.
I'm dreaming of dreaming  of dreams that I am dreaming in
History of Indonesia
when someone with derealization realizes it really isn't a dream finally: /cj (coping joke)
this is random, but nice song
When the history of covid until today?
This is his 420th video is must be celebrated
Uncle Judy and Bill wurtz should collab.
This is Bill Wurtz's 420th video
wow. amazing. now if you'll excuse me.... *C'MERE GEORGE !!!* *-SAPNAP STOP HITTING ME !!!*
this is why i want to make 3D content in the future
Haha, isn't it cool that Youtube properly compensates their most unique creators...  Haha, right Youtube...?  Haha, right...?  Youtube...?
It's like jack staubr in a way
“dreaming about the things i dreamed.” 10yo: *this is deep*
the epic singer
So beautiful
I bet bill wurtz has chaotic dreams
DO AN COLLAB WITH JACK STAUBEEEEEER
Net up, "History of the USA, I guess"
So....um I missed this more than I should have. So hearing something new from him and it feeling kinda motivational has made me happy.
420th video let’s GOOOOOOO
I understand I always do this every morning
Kanye/Bill Wurtz collab petition 👇🏾
Thia is hes 420 video
How the heck am I a month late!! Love the song though, wish I had seen sooner.
Nice! Soo glad your back I’ve been watching you for years.
this is very inspirational
I was having a really bad day, this has made my day good again. Thank you bill
Thank you for existing
pls make another history video, it could be about any country.
Bruh don't go.
This is not a 100mil worth video man what is this ...
I Fucking Love Your Videos Man There So Good <3 .
Really hits you in tha feels 😎
Q&A
He should be in charge of the graphics in between adult swim shows
YAYYY YOU’RE BACK!!!!!!!
420th video let’s goooo!
I love it. Pure bliss. In the best format ever. If a movie was ever made about me, it would be in this format.
Do more history bro
The man, the myth, the wurtz is back.
i didn't get a notification for this im pissed
OMGG HES BACK   you dropper this king 👑
Missing you king... please return soon
Someone’s been listening to Jacob Collier lol  Like really, this has Djesse Vol. 3 vibes
Got some money got some cash he rich and he was sad
holy shit he's back
And when the world needed him the most he returned
An episode maybe?
Bill is one of those underrated legends.
Do good in your dreams and in the world ;)
Can you make how to be cool full version pls
When an editor wanted his own music channel but can't forget on how to edit
He's BACK!!
wow
This is incredibly acurate lol
Is this Cecilia and the Satellite?
Fax printer fr
Please do a playboi carti collab thx
This slaps
I really enjoyed this one. I couldn't help but vibe, both with the cartoon character and the real Bill belting out his lyrics. At the same time, I've reached the age where I have full acceptance that dreams and reality are meant to be separate, and I've learned to compartmentalize, let the dreams entertain me, even sustain me on bad days, but never lose focus on the true situation, because once I do, the dreams die harder. I feel like this song communicated that really well. ...........At least I think it did. Nobody thinks the way Bill Wurtz does. I'm not qualified for this mind. ^^'
WAIT OMG HES BACKK
alright I’ve commented on all of the videos I’ll see you when he makes another
Bill just discovered that there's a third axis of rotation and has transcended the 2 dimensional plane
Bill is one of the midrange song artists with a potential in a unique way
Welcome back our king
Bill's songs proof that songs don't need to have an actual meaning or a clear meaning to be good
I'm up at 12:00 and this made me want to go to sleep so GN all
Mongolia will be interesting 🤨
bro i love watching these high
this is definetly a certified hood classic
Coming back to this channel after a while, it's still better than ever
Is this dial-up pop
When I wake up, the music ends for me too man.
History of the United Kingdom?
im wating for a collab with jacob collier
The lyrics are like an essay my students would write
Ayo your back
hey can i use one of your songs.
I believe a dream but what if don’t
Everyone forgot about bill
This song is one of the best on this channel and it's not getting what it deserves
Its so beautiful in a dream that is a dream of this. 😍😘
Imagine future students having to analyse these lyrics for their English class
whgen i searched your name on touyube i accidently typed "will burtz" lol
stickman with book on head yes
absolute amazing comeback
banger
he's the new rick Astley, but everyone enjoys getting his video
this song is so cute.
He’s at 420 videos jsyk
Being original and being unique from the rest of the world is something that is amazing. He has only achieved only a few can do, and I’m jealous
He's BACK
Happy birthday Bill 🎉🎉❤️
This is 420th video
I hope this isn’t the last one because it’s the 420th video
I need a music theoretical analysis of this crazy song, it’s so cool
This is what its looks like when you almost fall asleep
I know that it’s your whole Shpeil (thing) but can you make a sensible song rather than a nonsensical.
AGHH SO HAPPY =]
idk what is going on but im leaving this video feeling like a significantly smarter man that finally hit SSJ5 . .yes i said "5" lol 0:52 Song gets so freaking good right here.. was not expecting him to hit thos notes Hahahaha. love this I need more!!! lol
Wow, this is incredible. You almost sound like a blend of Toto and Men at Work, with maybe some Colin Hay and another one that I can't quite put my finger on.
420th Video
the king is here even thoug him late
"what time signature is this in?" bill: yes
Please stay alive for a long long time <3 don't be like Basquiat 👍
Bill Wurtz is the modern, historically educated, musically talented, emotionally positive, visually vaporwave-like version of Basquiat :)
This guy is brilliant.
bill i need a part 2 of the history of the intire world i guess
pog
This is a music video lol
Is nobody gonna bring up the fact that Bill Wurtz has 420 videos?
I don’t even understand, but this video is amazing,
420 videos! :D
Keep them coming Bill!
Imagine making a song using anime lyrics that was translated forward and backward by google translate just so you can make this beat.
This is more than music it is consciousness
Unironically really good
Love your content. Have a mythical zap
remember your probably earth history lol
I don't... understand what this is about... But... but I think it's important and we all oughta remember this- Historians are gonna have their work cut out for them, trying to decipher this and all-
Look how much voice has changed from six years ago
ello
OWWOOWOWOW? bill is a furry confirmed
When the world needed him he came back
Bill wurtz
Good to know you're not dead :)
This is brilliant
If ADHD was a visual representation all of Bill Wurtz would be it. Makes my brain go brrr.
The legendary Bill Wurtz is back
Congrats!
At 2:00 there is a text to the left that says leaving the studio
Still waiting for Bill to speak about Velcro
I had a gasm listening to this!
Fun fact:  If you will fall asleep in your dream, you may not wake up in the real world.
les gooo
The lyrics make no sense but its a bop
Jacob collier must see this video. I hope he covers this song
E
You can make a religion out of thi-   *No don't*
Video 420. Nice
lol
true or fasle? why?
I believe dreams can be
This song kinda makes sense…?
He's going to come back next time in 6 dimensional 360° now guys
eyy hes back
ooh toon shader
I love you bill
man you are so underrated
Sheesh.
I was happy he’s back, he’s gone again lol
After quite a while of listening to this, I think I can understand the message of this song. It's ok to indulge in dreams and fantasy to escape the harshness of reality sometimes. It may even be healthy at times. Dreams can also help creativity and insight about reality since you are disconnected from it.
This is awesome!
I even listen to this song in my dreams
when history of russia
Jack Stauber is my favourite artist, but Bill Wurtz is also one of the Best ones.
dream-ception bro wtf—
Glad that he woke up today
The last line kinda hit hard.
this guy better than dream
"when you're happy, you enjoy the song. But when you're sad, you understand the lyrics"
This is poetry
I think this videos are slowly turning into a cry for help from Bill, as he slowly transforms from a normal person to a lunatic
It's so good.
His music style feels like watching the sun rise
His 420th video lol
I have no clue what’s going on but this song slaps
video 420
His lyric doesn't make sense because it's a dream
I get serious Phil Collins vibes from Bill Wurtz music and I love it
More history plz
YOOO 420TH VIDEO
Bill, are you still to small for the mall?
I challenge Bill to another super project… “The entirety of the human body, I guess”.
he has way too much fun animating these. These straight up look like he was high while making this.
Damn this is good!
this is actually every song in a disney movie about a broken teenage girl brat that lives near the ocean
420 videos
Alex would love this
seems like the lyrics are just the middle suggestion on his phone..   and im *addicted*
What does it mean????? WHAT DOES IT MEEAAAA-
This man really left for 2 years, came back n dropped some bangers, quit for 7 months and dropped ANOTHER banger. You don't get tired huh, Bill?
Welcome back Bill good to see ya again
this really helped my depressive episode
B I l l
I love that his music Basically is a stream of consciousness expressing itself in a very authentic way
This song makes my brain whirl and literally blisses me out and makes life magical
you should do more history of countries, those are funny and teach me really well
Ay any new projects???? Jandnwn
Uhh hey bill wurtz ummmmm…… can you make a video about the history of the Philippines.
i miss the 2d style but eh the legend still returned so we still win
I really want to see an ARG done in the style of isoteric Bill Wurtz style songs and videos. Imo just throw in a couple of distortions, couple frame pictures of important things the audience would understand later, and a few hidden urls to other videos or an original website at bare minimum and this would easily lend itself to presenting an ARG.
"In that dream, Bill made a song and its been so long since i had a good vibe"
nice face a
Return of the king
bill.
Everyone talks about the music but can we also appreciate how these videos are such a visual treat as well
it was more than just a dream
how did I not see this
More history?
THIS FEELS SO MUCH LIKE IT HAS A HIDDEN MEANING
Rickrolled at 1:15 ngl
i bet if this was released in the 80s - 90s it's gonna be more popular
Just realised this man currently has 420 videos on his channel. What an achievement.
bbrrbrb yes please i kind like it :3
Let’s not talk about the thumbnail (mcyt watchers should understand this)
We will watch your career with great interest
Now hes a singer?
This is a jam
Derealisation in a nutshell-
2:07
3 minutes and 41 seconds, but it felt like 20 minutes
e
Please never leave us again
Welcome back to inception
Anyone else getting Wall-E ending credits theme vibes?
[Verse 1] Today I woke up in a dream Nothing was the way it seemed And in that dream I fell asleep Dreaming about the things I dreamed Yesterday things were normal Yesterday things were complete (Ah) And every day it seems so different Every day is so hard to believe  [Pre-Chorus 1] You got to believe In the dream Believe in the things that the dream can be And I think the dream can bе The best thing that evеr happened to you and me  [Chorus] Ooh, woah-woah-woah Dreams can be much better Than anything is supposed to be Woah, I can't believe what I'm seeing It's more than a dream And it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history  [Verse 2] Today I woke up telling the truth Seemed so true it sounded like music And if I play it cool I can hear you You almost told me what to do You got to believe In freedom Be free to believe in the things you dream of 'Cause that's the way that the best dreams can be dreamed of When you find a way to believe in them [Verse 3] Don't-don't-do, no-no-woah Dreams make sense And all the best dreams will be dreamed again And on the best days you'll believe again That the best dreams can be real again  [Verse 4] I just found a better way And I'll scream it out And hope you see it my way And I know that you might find a different way And I hope you scream it back at me (Ugh) Now that everyone's screaming at me What does it mean? On a cool Sunday breeze (Sunday breeze) The Sun comes up Though I'm getting a good night sleep (Getting a good night sleep) Slept through every season I just dreamed the seasons Does anyone want to know the reason for dreaming? What's the reason it's pleasing? Can you dream the reason? How much longer will it be Before the whole thing changes into a more realistic scene? Before you've seen anything You can see everything in the dream  [Pre-Chorus 2] See the things that the dream can see And you'll see that the dream can be The best thing that ever happened to you and me  [Chorus] Ooh, woah-woah-woah Dreams can be much better Than anything is supposed to be Woah, I can't believe what I'm seeing It's more than a dream And it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history  [Outro] Today I woke up
this feels like a music video (Edit: if it was the title would look like this: bill wurtz - More Then A Dream(OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO)
i need history of minecraft
Among us
Too good for public radio imo
You've truely out done yourself. This is some music right here
some people post yours contents on tic tok and claim credit for it
420 videos, nice
bill, I don’t think you realize this- but your channel has made the greatest most epic comeback since avengers endgame   you spark light in the darkest places, and I hope your light doesn’t ever go out
Am in a dream?
420 videos blaze it
You never let me down 😂😂
THE RETURN OF THE KING
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!!
You must have 2 brains, it's not possible so much creativity in one person
This is awesome 😎
Turkey day
Dam he came back with 3d animation software, smooth!
THE LEGEND IS BACK!!!
Welcome Back Legend.
I love his song
He needs to smoke weed its his 420th video
Welcome back bro (I may be a month late but atleast I'm here-)
**applause intensifies and deafens everyone within a 10-mile radius**
THIS IS BILL'S 420TH VIDEO.
the return of the king: bill wurtz BRO THE MUSIC IS A BANGER
ngl this song is pretty good than any other modern song
Can you upload again you are a great channel but you don’t upload much
Can you do the history of Myanmar 🇲🇲
Bill has inspired me SO much to start creating music again. The style is so unique. The lyrics and video are so nonsensical, but i completely understand what he means.   Might be because of all the shrooms i ate when i was younger, but idk.
This slaps so hard I love this ✨
I only wake up for this every morning
5 MILLION SUBS LETS GO BABYYYY
Make a history of America video
People have convinced me that bill is a powerful god that can time travel What if next year we woke up and we realize Our imagination is reality and we live in our own world and this world is our imagination *that might be the message bill is trying to get to us in here but he made it complicated*
YAY!
More
This is awesome
Take as long as you want just … please don’t leave us 🥺
Bill only has 5.5Mil subs because that’s just how many people have a brain capacity high enough to understand his songs
Its like the songs knows me
Beautiful music Bill! I love it!
Why does this feel so nostalgic?
beautiful
For a neurdivergent like me, this made me stim a lot.
You could make a religion out of this
I like the new editing style but I also kinda liked when you basically got high from watching his videos
This is a awesome song
Hey, Bill!  How are you doing?
This is better than any reggaeton song
OH MY GOD HES BACK GUYS HEESS BACK💪🏽💪🏽😩😩😩😩😭😭❤️❤️
This is giving me 90s vibe in 0:35 and 1:48
Can you make history of Portugal
love it!
3:17 he really went ooowowowo
I honestly liked when the character vibed
420th video heh
Guys this is the 420th video he's made
My mind when trying to remember the thing I thought of all day
420 Videos!?!?!!??!
“today I woke up and ate crack”
:) yey
bill wurtz is feeling
*asap video*
THIS WAS A MONTH IT WAS LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO WTH
That is my today's nightmare.
"I dreamed about the things I dreamed"
Never thought I'd learn everything and nothing at the same time
So he is back again woooo
Lol
Yoo imagine a jack stauber x bill wurtz collab
The legend is back
Return of the king
nice
Pure genius!
My favourite human word generator :D
All fits pretty well even i did'nt feel like i got something from it, stills being nice.
Oh how you have been missed
Porter Robinson moment at 3:15
This guy is a legend and better than most modern singers today
I HAVE QUESTIONS
Nihilists: There is always another exact copy of us on Earth nobody is really unique Bill Wurtz:
The 609 people that disliked this can change my diaper
Ayy 420th video!
It would be a true tragedy if bill ever quit youtube
oo upload
he makes songs about whatever comes to mind lol
I genuinely love this as a passionate lucid dreamer
I like
More than Dreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
The return of the king
it's been a while
Welcome back king
I've been waiting for this epic comeback for a while
What??
I am so inspired right now.  To do what exactly? I have no idea.   But I'm inspired to do it.
i think this one has the best animation
nice video and song  btw do you ever get recognized (dont correct this lol)
Return of the king
HES BACKK
He’s back yay 😀
Bill wurts  is like jack stauber’s less depressed brother
He’s back!!!
You remind me of my talentless computer-music making cousin who thinks he is worthy of a recording contract. His "music" sounds exactly the same.
i feel that Bill's songs are a new genre of music, i think I'll call it... *surreal ear candy*
Return of the king.
my sister said your music sounds like elevator music so i put her in one and she hasent left yet nobody will make such a flaw like that to you my lord
" Yesterday things were 'normal' "   - Relatable
Come back
Hello Bill.. I just want to say that your songs has helped me through my depression of 2 years. I am much better now... Thank you for the content.
*Absent for 6 months* *Drops a banger*  *Leaves*
He's speaking to my soul!!
BRUH. I love this man. Holy shit.
The legend has returned
Good morning.
I love it Beautiful
I love your songs it's calming-
this man is the reason I get up in the morning
make more stupid stuff ples
I have no clue what he is talking about but I love it
this man’s music just fits the vibe of all of Gen Z.
This guy joins Incredible Polo and Lena Raine in the cake of most talented underrated artists.
“And all the best things will be dreamed again” I dreamt of Bill Wurtz coming back with the milk, and he did, Kinda feels more than a dream.
bit of a self plug but here is the instrumental https://youtu.be/rIqchLS_O24, I guess
Omg bill!!! I missed your vids!!!
Nice song 🎵 I really like it 😁
Do the history off China
When the world missed him the most, he came back with a present
OH HES BACK
Hi king
make more meems
I missed this by 3 weeks dang...
Ok so can we agree that this guy definitely is slightly inspired by phil collins
My face is paralyzed in a constant smile now. THANK YOU!
YESS HE'S BACK
WOOOHOOO AN UPLOAD
Whoa, I like how  he goes from just drawing to 3D animation.
Welcome
"on a sunday breeze"  *checks the date this was released on*  huh! well written bill :)
This dude gets it if you guys want to learn look up Alan watts or just ask about the game of life in your search bar lol be warned you will understand this mess of a video all to well Ive always wondered if this guy was woke but I’m hella sure he is now lmao love you Bill
It is almost like bill wurtz can sing about anything and it still will be optimistic.
*It would be funny if this will appear in my dream*
Legend is back
Just to clarify  This is the 420th video
for some reason I feel like I could make this mans music by writing random shit that came to my mind
HES BACK BABY! good to see ya
The fact that this song is better than whatever the fuck Lalisa is about
Welcome master
WELCOME BACK!!!!!
Yes! The king's back!
if I don't find this on spotify im suing the company
HES BACK
help i r/ihsbsan havigm stroke
facghaajshjwjka
GAY
ah
wikusu
I thought He died
HOLY SHIT HE IS BACK
"when the world needed him most, he returned "
he left for a year and he came back like he just went to get milk
This video is my mind in a nutshell
In my opinion He should do a Q&A Livestream or Livestream I'd like to see Chat go wild lol
I’m so confused on what this is trying to tell me but I love it
Me likely.
POg
Why do I feel like I just listened to the modern version of Africa…
Is this song about Jeebus
The whole "dream the seasons" and "dream the reason" shit that he does is just amazing. It makes you think that he's changing the time signature or skipping a few bars, but in reality, it's still 4/4 and no bars were skipped.
History of USA?
Amazing
Let’s see if he’s back yet!   *OH MY GOD HE JUST POSTED A VIDEO 3 WEEKS AGO*
The king is back praise
😀+😭 made me cry out of happiness
The captions in his songs are the better captions than a normal one
YAAAA AYOUR BACK
I feel like this song has some sort of connection to I'm a princess, since the character in both videos are very similar and dreams are mentioned several times in I'm a princess Probably just speculation, but it's interesting
i'm still here, just gave up on commenting
do history of Australia plz
I LOVE THIS AND I WILL SNORT IT AND FORGET COCAINE EVER EXISETED
this is the best damn musical I have seen it makes me feel happy
i like him pretty much everywhere, everytime. also, congrats for 420 videos!
You can see the truth. Thanks for the beautiful multitude of messages ❤️
This is to positive for what I’ve seen from him…
Absolutely unintelligible, just the way I like it.
I know for a fact that my mans the best musician to live
when's it dropping on spotify
I miss the documentaries
Im scared.
When you get put on hold, and you're on acid and English just stops making sense
when you listen too closely to generic pop songs and realize they don't make any sense
The Return of the King
Oh no... 3D
Why didnt i got recommend this earlier ;-;
WELCOME BACK KING THE ANIMATION AND VOCALS ARE STUNNING AS ALWAYS
had a dream last night, woke up before i could write it down. I fell asleep
Fun fact : bill wurtz have 420 videos
hi
I felt it. Then I cried.
Why do we dream? So that we will turn them into reality when we wake up.
Now I think Bill Wurtz just makes these when he is short on his rent 😂
Just finished watching all of Bill's videos. That is how I spent my one day off school.
Your music always brightens my day!! 🙂
❤️❤️❤️
Who else realizes, this is the 420th video from bill wurtz! MEME STATUS ACHIEVED!
Return of the king
This man, is the man we've needed.
he's a stan
I’m so high
i cant quite explain it but this is exactly how dreams work
He's back
amoon
Nice 420th video
1:40 cause that’s the way i like to live my life
Random CRAP to history to nonsense to songs also this is 420th vid of Bill wurtz
Did you write this with Newton Faulkner or something? Love it
he needs to do an update on the history of the world (i guess)
1:50 mark made me cry for some reason. I’ll believe again man
this. guy deserves to be 2021's top youtuber
This was a banger
i just saw this on my fyp and my whole day has been made.
Can we get a total history of Australia?
It's such an inspirational message. I'm not sure what the message is but it's wonderful.
welcome back man
Lovely! 🔥🔥🔥
Not a boring second here.
YOU HAVE BEEN ASLEEP FOR 3 YEARS YA GOOD
The King Has Returned
Ur probably not gonna see this but can u do a history of Europe
Wasn’t this channel a shitpost?
I love how all songs shoots in every direction.
You have no idea the amount of serotonin this gives me
Is the sun a deadly lazer?
Yeeyyy i missed bill wurtz
The current date is the 10th of November 2021 In a matter of hours YouTube will remove the ability to see the number of dislikes any video has. So before it is too late I have decided to record the disslikes on the most important videos of the one true God, bill wurtz's videos.  With that said, as of the day of reckoning this video has: 595 disslikes
IM SEEING SQUID GAME EVERYWHERE NOWWW
This sucks
I don't understand what he's talking about but I love it
bill wurtz is
I know for a fact one person will comment "This video is a dream" and get hundreds (if not thousands) of likes.
This video is just like my dream  Doesn't make any sense
i missed you bill
welcome back
WELCOME BACK SO UH, YOU WERE SHOWN IN MY CLASS FOR SOCIAL STUDIES
He's back
bill wurtz feat.Seth everman
0:54 is the best part:change my mind
YOOO DA CREATOR OF LEGENDARY MEME IS BACK!!! (i hope fully and for long UwU) but last 3 new songs are oofed tbh .-. (sry)
By thing we're normal he means there was a frickin virus outbreak 🙂
Omg!! He’s alive!!
The best achievement bill wurtz ever achieve is probably learning blender for a year.
I have reached a point of pure relaxation
Gave us a scare for like 5 months there, certified wurtz classic
I would love a full musical with this style of music and these visuals
Always a lovely day when we get a new song, so glad you're still feeling creative after all this time! Thank you!!
Sounds like the dude from Team Avolition. A very demure and entertaining sound. ^_^
Hy bill, my fab youtuber
He's back
Bill Wurtz is absolutely amazing.
this sounds like a modern family or tv show opening theme song
you guys ever realized that bill stands in front of a green screen despite never using it?
Bill is back? I am dreaming?
Dreams
This sounds like if someone sampled all the Disney inspiring music, and made an algorithm to make it's own
"mama."
This guy is perfection of randomness and ARIAL
the last time i was this early i was dreaming
This is way more motivational than all the TED conferences united.
dwim
The man. The myth. The legend!
To anyone just enjoying for the meme of a crazy video. I just want to make it clear that Bill is an incredible composer of music.  As a life long musician, I feel safe to say Bill is musically brilliant in his unique way.
"Dreams can be much better than anything is supposed to be" you sing it as you cling to the very last hope of that ever coming true, the reality that may never happen..then suddenly, traffic cones.
This is why the government doesn’t want us taking acid
HES ALIVE
u
This has so much more meaning since the whole (cough cough) thing...
What if, here me out  A Bill Wurtz movie
I'm from Brazil and I love your videos, for your motivational videos and even those relaxed series  man I'm a fan of your videos even if I don't know much about English
I just want to say I love your Bridges for songs i.e Here Comes The Sun (the stranger strange enough part especially) and Slow Down. I think I might just clip all the Bridges and make a mixtape. Like how you described taking the best part of songs to not have to wait for the good part. Thanks for the music.
I had a dream where I fell asleep and had a dream and then I fell asleep and had a dream where.. you get the pattern
will play this 4 my brds b.c i'm always asking them what they dreamed about in the AM or what they're gonna dream about when i put them in their brd beds @ night : P
The king uploads once again. ❤️☺️
this is my favorite bill wurtz song.
i like jazz
THE KING IS BACKKKKKKKKKKK
420th video, let’s go
Bill Wurtz has made 420 videos but I feel like I have watched like 1000 videos from him
I feel like crying I LOVE THIS
the mad man came back
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Why have i not been watching this
You should make history of the moon
You should make a History of the whole world pt2
MY DREAM SCREAMED.
hi
420th video....... Nice
This song is so stuck in my head I literally hear it in my dreams not even kidding
Nic3 musix
You could make a religion out of this
Get ready for 3 more videos and he disappears again
i don't know what this guy's trying to say but I love it
Yes
at least he's alive :/
History of the Philippines
There You Are My Fren!
Shoutout to his 420th Video!
he has 420 videos right now
I also love how the video ends with "today I woke up" because sometimes that's the best we can do
I love how Bill's music is absolutely fantastic but when we finally stop and read the lyrics our minds get blown a second time
The trip you are taking us in every video is so pleasing, I almost feel zen.
Bruh this Guy skipped 4d and went to 5d
The groove on this one is crazyyyy
I NEVER THOUGHT THE DAY WOULD CUM!!
Is this what a good trip is? I Feel like im ascending into a higther plane of existence
This is his 420th video
bye guys see you in another bill wurts video in about 6 months!
You are a brilliant person. I can't find more things to say. Just amazing.
the beginning of the song really reminds me of "see the day" by brian david gilbert (https://youtu.be/gfLZiWGIJdU)
when he starts uploading again:   :D
Love the guy. So good.
the dislikes are from sunny
Welcome back King
glad he’s still alive
He took so long to make a song that he made a song about taking so long to make a song
this might actually be actual advice if you think about it, like it says dream what you want to dream about, and if you do that you will have good dreams and not bad dreams
Bill wurtz is back everyone! The dream is finally complete! Believe in the dreams!
This is straight up fusion now. Wow. Dear, fellow Wurtz fans, and Bill himself- please check out Dave Weckl. I think you might like it.
like all of bill's songs it is third shit post, a third abstract blender animation, and an actually good song
Splendid original work!
The lyrics and delivery kinda remind me of Peter Gabriel a little bit
I'll be singing that for a week now
Not only does he have a masters degree in history but he also has 7 Grammy awards 🤣 I wish
Our lord is back.
HE'S BACK BABE
Can you do more history videos please (they seem like they take a lot of time to create but they’re really interesting and entertainment). It helps me get through GCSE history as well. So if u did Anglo saxons and Normans, Cold War or Germany or something it would be great xx
I can't get enough of your music videos
this doesnt slap, it S M A C K S
He is back
I just woke up and watched some other guys dream. Freaky.
Bill, you are a shining star
Damn! I'm late. The one channel should notifications for.
I think he had a dream? Idk tho
Dude, some of the modulations are just bonkers good. like 1:50, holy crap...You've done it again Bill, keep up the magnificent work.
has bill been 20 forever because it looks like it
why is this stuff like actually good tho it’s confusing me help
i love the history vids i used the history of the world ig to study lol
today I woke up in a *DREAM*, nothimg was the way it seemed... And in that dream I fell ASLEEP. dreaming about the thing I dreamed, ... yesterday things were "nomal". Yesterday things was complete ah. and everyday seems to diffrent!. Everyday is so HARD to beliveeees... YOU GOT TO BE BELIVE... in a DREAM. Belive the things that are in a DREAM can be... And I think the dream can BE... the BEST THING EVER happened to YOU & ME... OOoOoOoOOwWW WooOoow DREAMS CAN BEEEE... much BETTER than anything that SUPPOSED to beeeee... WO wo wooo WO. I can't belive... what im seeing, it more than a dream :0. And it more than anyone every DREAMED in history. Today I WOKE up, telling the truth, seemed so true it sounded like MUSIC. And if i play it cool I can ((hear youuuuu!)). (almost tell me what to DO). (I sliped into chaos).  YOU GOT TO BELIVE IN FREEDOOOOOM. be FREE to belive in THINGS you dream(ed) of! And thats the way the BEST dream can be dream(ed) of. when you find a way to BELIVE in theeeeem. you dont do do dont KNOWWWW. dReAm mAkEs sEnSe. all the BEST dream will be dream(ed) again... & on the best days you'll BELIVE again... WOW! thats the best dream can be REAL agaaain  clap (flood flood flood flood). I just found a BETTER WAY!. and I scream it our hope you SEE IT way I in.and I know that you MIGHT find a dIfFrEnT wAy and I HOPE you'll scream it back at me. ~urgh~. NOW that @everyones' SCREAMING... at me. what does it mean? ?  ?  ?   ?    ?     ? On a COOL sunday breeze/saturday breeze: The sun COMES UP though im GETTING a good night sleep! sleep thru(through) every SEASON I just DREAMED the season. is anyone want to know the REASON for DREAMING~~~~ whats the reason its pleasing? can you DREAM YOU the REASON (how much longer it) BE? Beforeeee the WHOLE thing changed into before a SENCE. BEFORE -you've seen ANYTHING, you can SEE everyTHING! in a DREEEEEEEAAAAAAM. the things that DREAMS can see. sculp t(ar)ture. and you'll SEE that in a dream can be ###. 3 2 1 THE BEST THING EVER happened to YOU&MEEEEEEEE. OOOwOwOOO dreams can be much better than anything is SUPPOSED to be. WHOA I cant belive before WHAT im seeing, it more than a DREAM, it more than anyone had ever dreamed in HISTORY..... . . today I woke up... (continues loops)
I dreamed and i saw a sleep paralysis demon for the first time. Edit: LOL
Art.
I don't know what I'm watching, but I like it
HI BILL!! WELCOME BACKKKK!!
And just like that, Bill Wurtz has me in a chokehold again
ha 420th video nice
This channel is the last relic of the old YouTube.
Him saying how the best “dreams” will be dreamed again might be talking about life just replace “dreams” with “lives” and dream with “live” or dreamed with “lived” and so on an you now have a story for some parts of the video about how he is encouraging some person on life and how they have lived. Other parts he may just be talking about a curtain person and how they may be the greatest thing that you and me have ever seen.
So you've seen bills face right? Yea So you should know what he looks like? Makes sense to me so what does he look like? I dunno
You know if everyone's Anxious thoughts were replaced by just this guy singing instead I think the whole world would be more wholesome and happier lol
Very dreamy, liked this
good music man
Who actually wants him realise a full proper ep or album
Looks like you got happier,good for you:)
"Today I woke up in a  D r e a m" Dream: How did you get into me?
I don’t know what’s happening but I fucking love this
Is it just me, or did this inspire me in multiple ways?
Nice
I was planning to dream that but i dream about joining danielnugget because i am too stupid for youtube Please pin
Good song ngl
Literally a banger.
This is my mix I’m glad
**When the world needed him the most** he came back :)
His songs needa be in the radio like the other singers lol. Better than modern music.
I had no idea as to what’s going on but I loved every second of it.
Take lsd before this and you will become the word "hmm"
You don't upload very much! I glad you uploaded again!! :D
I, Girono Giovana believe in my dream.
Everyone tell oversimplified to work together with bill wurtz
He’s back!
Honey wake up, Bill Wurtz just posted!
You are a prophet! Man.
i really like your art style what animation software do you use?
His songs make me so nervous for a reason
This has all my favorite chord progressions and inflections and shit. I cant explain it but I feel it oooh
What I have, is more than a dream because I’ll make it reality…
Is this 3d or 2d or a mix?
I dreamed of dreams, now I dreamed cause reality is my dream
I'm confused, but it slaps
*So, this is basically "Inception" in a nutshell.*
Return of the king
He bac
I literally watched this after waking up from a nightmare
<3
wow
this feels like goodbye stranger by supertramp
This sounds like Neo Phil Collins in a good kind of way
this is good
BRO HES BACK!!!!
Bill has slipped into the fourth dimension
Is this real? Is he back?
HE'S BACK! THE LEGEND IS BACK!
How do you manage to be emotional and motivational and also make no sense?
imagine making history of the computer i guess
number 6
Number 1
This must be a dream, too, cause you're posting.
i like how you could make like 50 good quotes out of this video
yes I missed this
Certainly a classic
Missed you, man ❤
2:34 It’s like exactly his old style but in 3d!
omg this is so good
love it love it love it uncannily a huge mood (or not? makes perfect sense that it makes sense), excuse me while I listen to this for the next 24 hours solid
The Return of the King!
He remembered his password
Dis a vibe tho
Thanks for encouraging me to practice lucid dreaming, Bill.
yoo:D
You do drugs to feel good.  I do drugs to understand Bill Wurtz songs. We're not the same.
YES!
HES BACK!!!
You're literally my inspiration Welcome back!!💯💯
and when the world needed him most, he returned
jack stauber + bill wurtz
DREAMS. MAKE SENSE. AND.  ALL THE BEST DREAMS. WILL BE. DREAMED AGAIN.
dream???? like the speedriun minecrafter???!??!
“seemed so true it sounded like music” *true[sic]*
The 3D really fit well with his usual style.   Seriously though, his music is really unique in visuals and audio. Awesome stuff.
See you next 6 months
Damn has it already been 6 months?
Let’s goooo dad is back
love it
Oh my god.
When we needed him most he returned!
This man's created a whole new song style by himself. Props to you.
Me after Bill Wurtz is back: https://youtu.be/iKRqJ5461C4
This is a magic
Bill reminds me of Toto for some reason.
Teach me the ways of editing PLEASE!
Would be awesome if Bill Wurtz were in the TEAMSEAS collab
DELIVERRR!!!
Please do a history of the us
Welcome back
This is a sequel to "I'm a princess"
:D
" I don't know if I'm asleep and dreaming or dead and remembering"
BOIS HE IS BACK ON TRACK
Wait a minute, this is bill’s 420th video
3D stickman dreamed a real version of himself greenscreening a greenscreen in.
COLLAB WITH JACOB COLLIER
When the world needed him the most, he returned...
We’ve been waiting patiently Bill. Thanks for showing up.
Long Live Bill Wurtz!!!
Creative
Hes back!!
One of these days I need to make a playlist of my personal oddly inspiring Bill Wurtz songs. This is definitely going on there.
Bill Wurtz is just clean djent and it's beautiful
162k likes and only 500 dislikes.  Holy shit, everyone loves Bill.
I like this video
I said to myself that I will subscribe to bill in his 420 video   This is it
This was both Confusing and Insparational and I don't know how to feel about it.
FUCK YEAH
This video is a fever dream
" I' v e   S l i p p e d   I n t o   C h a o s  "
I'm inspired... Somehow...
This is so good ✔
HAPPY 420 VIDEOS BILL
So confusing, but perfect-
I'm... learning about dreams & sleep in Psychology. we started the unit the day this was published. what is wurtz trying to tell me
Doctor: Dreams represent experiences during your day and your life My dreams:
HE CAME BACK TO LIVE
Is anyone gonna mention that bill wurtz has reached the 420 videos goal
babe wake up bill wurtz posted
Marking my place on history
finally another masterpiece!
You back!!!!!
is that blue and green I see?
If there's any mcyt fans here... SOMEONE MEDIASHARE THIS TO GEORGE I CAN'T- 🤣🤣🙌🙌🙌🙌
The legend is back!
absolutely #1 on trending lol
I can’t stop coming back to this song.
People in the future will seed this and be like "tf is this thing real music is the one that 3pac makes"
Random: I had a dream yesterday about adopting cats. twas nice
I showed this to my class as a motivational song. They were thoroughly confused.
HES BACK OMG OMG
day ten of listening to more than a dream for a year
Ah the seratonin this music gives me 🥰 I've missed you Bill!
When is the Bill Wurtz Seth Everman crossover happening?
Not going to lie, think he might of dreamt
*Dreams are messages from the deep*
I am disappointed that the algorithm took this long to recommend this video.
In the future, machines will study these lyrics to learn how to sound human
Plz plz more videos on history
after years of research, dreaming means dreaming. - according to bill wurtz
He's back?
i havent watched bill in 4 years and this was in my home
YOO BILL WURTZ UPLOADED
There's a reason that Bill Wurtz prefers to choose a new song to be his favorite
A dream within a dream
I dreamed of this.  x
:)
The title + the thumbnail have green & blue made me immediately joke abt it. so now imma listen to this
The very beginning really made me think of the finale to Dance's Moving from Brian David Gilbert. I really love that song
ok bill see you in 2022
420th video         nice
3d software!!!! It's the future!!
Wow he posted a video on my birthday, thanks Bill! If only I had seen this then :)
0:29 ah yes today my day was very turnt
This was the best bill!
HE’S BACK FOR THE THIRD TIME
somehow sincere and nihilistic at once.
...I can tell that someone is definitely gonna make a Dream smp edit out of this ☠
The mans back!
Bill you should make another history video I love them all and there so educational
This song just motivated me to get my ass up and do things which nothing has done in a while and i am impressed
"You got to believe in freedom Be free to believe in the things you dream of"  Definitely my favourite line
DAD! YOURE BACK!
"He came back!"
The king has returned
This is the most inspired and emotion song I've heard in October!! I almost cried so its on a small list of media that brought water to these tired eyes! Good work and I can't wait to experience your next project!
BILL IS BACK WITH ANOTHER BANGER EVERYONE LISTEN IMMEDIATELY
The king has awoken.
1:47 best part
I wonder how Bill writes these. I mean the music fits so well around the lyrics that surely the lyrics are written first, but then the lyrics are borderline nonsense sometimes and feel like they were just put in to fit the melody, so how does it all work together so well?
bill music just hits different
"Dream can be, better than anything that's suppose to be." True
*raw, unique, iconic.*
Modern art museums can hang a penis up and call it art... but pass on this genius
seems weirdly political
pls I’m still not over I’m a princess and here comes another banger
I just realized that bill has 420 videos.
anyone else hear genesis/phil collins
Why this hasn't hit 1M yet
420 vids. nice.
Literally my dream:
return of the King
HE LIVES!!!
The king is back🥳🎉
More than 5 years uploading content and the quality keeps the same   *nice*
This is his 420th video lol
I love these, videos and songs and the whole presentation. This guy is an expert in whatever this is. Thank you for another song and video! Stay well out there everybody, and God bless you friends! :)
woah
This won’t be the most be the most commented comment
bill wurtz: come for a comedic summary of the history of japan, stay for the psychedelic, nonsensical songs.
Welcome back
an endless stream of thoughts refined into literal art. damn
YAY! Bill wurst is epic!
the way this song gave me the motivation/assured me I can succeed in my career path.. thanks king, I needed that
You know what, a lot of his style reminds me of the monogatari series and i dig that, have digged that for years. Welcome back man
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
BILL, this is your theme song!!
this is actually talent
Return of the king
Day nine of listening to more than a dream for a year
I enjoy hearing this. I also enjoy watching this. 😊
Me hey can we go on land Sun NO Me Why Sun THE SUN IS A DEADLY LAZER  Laws of physics  Not anymore there’s a Blanket “ ozone layer “
This song is inspirational
He's back!!!!!!!l!!😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃
NO FUCKING WAY HES BACK
Bill Wurtz - simultaneously the most positive, funky, hilarious, and under-appreciated amazing musician
bill wurtz now has 420 videos uploaded as of now.
the very beggenig was in 4D, nice
omori if i'm being honest
I like the bit about the dreams.
3:38 I hate it when that happens.
This makes me sad and happy at the same time
Thank you Bill.
Wait, Bill, are you trying to say you have been in a coma this entire time? If so, Im so happy you woke up, I know it's a shock to see that theres a virus, many are dying, plastic pollution has become way worse, but at least you're here, we missed you Bill  -From all your fans
Having been a borderline addicted dreamer lately, this really hits home
Can we just apriciate how good his art and voice is??
This was surprisingly motivational
The legend returns
He handsome too
oh hi thanks for checking in, im still a piece of garbage.
Take a shot every time he says dream.
“Slept through every season, I just dreamed the seasons. Does anyone want to know the reason for dreaming? What’s the reason - it’s pleasing! Can you dream the reason? How longer will it be before the whole thing changes into more realistic scene?”
i’ve had this song on repeat for the past week
when the world needed him the most he came back
You could make a religion out of this.
avant garde phil collins
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY
He uploads now? I remember when his last video was "History Of The World I Guess" and he still hasn't changed he is still awesome and cool
Optimism
Bill Wurtz doesn't make music videos, he makes video music.
I love it can't wait for the next one!! ^^ 🥰
I didn’t think you would come back I’m so happy rn
Nothing makes sense, and I can't say why I like it, but I like it, good movie
Yay hes back
I’ve been paralyzed from the neck down for 4 years now, and this video has given me the strength to…              *Hit the subscribe button*
this was posted on my vacation to Florida we were going to move there now we definitely will thanks bill
You be feeling fine?
420th video *nice*
Positivity
God, this is a trip when it's stuck on loop at 4 in the morning, but it's the best trip I've been on in a while, so I'm not complaining
Day eight of listening to more than a dream for a year
that key change sent me to another dimension
ngl i thoth he diead
lets gooooo i have waited so long for another banger
HES BACK
I believe in psychedelics after watching this.
Do another history vid it would bang
this is a beaut i swear every song coming from bill is a banger
Big read between the lions vibes
Let’s gooo
Bill cheerin everyone up during the pandemic. I got married on Monday, and I remembered how your videos helped me get thru my life at the time I met my husband. Thank you.
been waiting for 6 months. was it worth it?
Help the Sudanese reach there dream and freedom  ‏‎‎#help_prime_minister_of_Sudan ‎#help_sudn  ‎#military_coup_in_sudan  ‎#ThereNoWayBack ‎#العصيان_المدني_العام  ‎#لا_لحكم_العسكر  ‎#الردة_مستحيلة  ‎#لا_للانقلاب_العسكري ‎#تسليم_السلطه_للمدنيين
HE IS ALIVE GUYS
Your music helps with my anxiety, thank you <3
i love you i love this
People: Understanding your dreams is actually easy.   My dreams:
YALL HES BACK
It's a mystery. More than you could never dream in history. I feel particular about the dream.                     -i dunno, the president or something                    -bill wurtz, maybe
I feel like someone's wife whose husband has returned from WWII
wow... 6 month from last upload. Great to see new content! Bill is always great!
The key changes are way better than most music today, while somehow being catchier in my mind.  Your work is inspiring!
leaving the studio
Hot Take? There is no one- NO ONE- no one in the music industry who is more original than Bill Wurtz.
Today, I woke up
Ayyyyy he’s back
This is some prime grade-A 100% absurdist Dadaist postmodern gold
turnt
We need a collaboration with bill wurtz and Jack stauber
cool!
He returns
oh.
How I miss your work!
This song is simultaneously about nothing and everything at the same time
Blessed to see Bill Wurtz upload!
very epic king
nailed it again, and it's a message we ought to heed
I waited a whole six months for this and boy I wasnt disappointed
King.
Anyone noticed that uncommon 7/8 rhythm? Fresh :)
Again, his good musicality skills made the lyrics make sense in the most nonsense way. love it, your music can get me through anything, Bill. Please don't stop 🖤
Imagine a Bossa Nova composition of this
Day seven of listening to more than a dream for a year
:')
The King is back to reclaim his throne
this guy should really make a video game
"today i woke up" Dang, he's so much more productive than me
ok now i know what his videos are
I am vibing to this song.....
Return of the King.
When the dream becomes faint and dark, then I listen to Bill Wurtz, and the dream is again full of the light and colours that I need to go on.
I am really hopeful bill makes a song on my birthday in 3 days
Good
Welcome back king
I love how none of his songs ever say anything but it’s somehow super deep
Real Michael W Smith vibes right here lol. Love it.
*sigh* he has such a way with words...
Each of Bill Wurtz's 3D songs has had it's own unique style.  Here Comes the Sun had a lot of shadows, and a lot of contrast. It was light against dark, and the music sounded very mysterious, while also being very hopeful. Like a sunrise over a dark world, which is exactly what the song is about I'm a Princess was nonsense. Nothing in the song made sense, and that was the point. It wasn't supposed to make sense. The shapes were very abstract, it was all up for interpretation. Got Some Money was very segmented and organized, despite being equally as abstract as all of Bill's songs. Very few of the visuals were complex, there was never too much to look at. One of the likely explanations for it's simplicity is that it never pans from scene to scene, unlike the first two 3D songs  More than a Dream is on a whole other level, though. It's got Bill's flagship abstract style, and it has plenty of nonsense, but there's only a couple of points in the song where it's difficult to understand the meaning. It's abstract, but it's clear. It's complex, but not busy. It's the Bill Wurtz style, perfected.  I can tell that Bill is finally comfortable in the 3D style.
new bill wurtz video dropped get in loser we're going to feel happy to be alive
Watching Bill's previous music videos compared to this, it's astonishing how much better he got
do you know how much we love you? like really we love your arse so much
This "song" is actually fire
WHENS THE BILL WURTZ TOURRR?
great and great ending -- the hardest part
Fun fact: "More Than a Dream" is Bill's 420th video
Funny how I check his account for the first time in forever and he just posted a couple of hours ago 😟☝️ (I meant to comment this last week but forgot-)
Nobody:  Bowling alley screens when you get a strike: 0:01
I have found this oddly inspiring, thanks.
Face reveal???
so should i believe that birds hatch from bananas? (in all seriousness, i love this so much)
sir I love you
bill is back. and this song is so GOODD
This... This is a masterpiece
Our leader is reborn
I hate that I’m a week late to this because YouTube is just honestly fucking garbage
Awesome song dude
bill wurtz is the best friend i never had
got some money? got some cash?
The return of the King
Took a nap and woke up to this. It’s actually really relaxing.
He actually has such a nice voice and even from a musician’s perspective this is so well written and I love it
the legend is back
the king has returned
Shoopbabadooodiop
Bill discovered blender oh no
I think it's not the same persone who make this video ... seems diffrent than before
Omg I’m so happy you’re still creating stuff
I can't decide whether this is an inspirational song about following your dreams or just a song about an acid trip. By the way, welcome back king :)
Like how many chord changes did we just experience?
Love his music
Welcome back, we've missed you
HES BACK AKDJSKDKF HERSSSS BACCKKKK
El real reason it takes time for him to post is because he needs time to make the songs perfect
Mate serious question  Are you high when you make these?
He should make some sort of album
Sounds like a Disney song. :D
HES ALIVE!
I’m confuse but I like
Bill Wurtz sounds like the polar opposite of Jack Stauber on the scale of chaotic musics and I'm all for it !
they Phil Collins-ized Bill Wurtz
THE LEGEND IS BACK
Go off god
:) He Bacc
Go back to not uploading you made like two good videos and that was that
Bill Wurtz continues to put out the best lyric videos of all time.
Yesssss
The man is here.
6 months later: Okay he’s dead.  Posts a video: Nevermind
Bill uploads, thats a dream
Wb
Damn Bill finally discovered 3D animation
I shouldn’t be crying because of this
You got to belive the best dreams can be getting a good night's sleep in a dream you and me history. Today I woke up
Hold up lemme reality check (Ok fingers... 1, 2, 3, 4, 5) So I wasnt dreaming while watching this...
King❤️
I never imagined I'd see the day Bill Wurtz uploaded a new video
I need a collab with Jacob collier
Is it just me or is he getting more handsome with each song.
MAKE    YOUR DREAMS    COME TRUE
History of your browser please
Hello again!
Everyone says he's back, but no one is saying how VIBIN this song is.
Fire Island Lighthouse ?
Did i just saw bill wurtz upload? Now i am happy :)
When he sings about nothing, it means everything. Thank you for the smile you gave me today. ^_^
Help. I thought for a second that there was a sing about dream like youtuber. And now I can't unhear it.
The king remains to be the undefeated champion. Another banger, all hail the EMPEROR!!
Things I am thankful for learning: 1. Today he woke up 2. How to wake myself up
Lil long for a bill wurtz bit. But the hitchcockian abrupt ending makes up for it.
it’s pretty incredible to me that this man has perfected the art of singing in comic sans.
certified fucking BANGER i adore this man
I just read some stuff about lucid dreaming after some actual lucid dreaming... and now I am watching this gem.
Oh ma god he uploaded
i...hmm...LOVE IT
I think this is my new favorite song from you, Bill. It's bright, inspiring and fun! I love your graphic style translated into 3D animation too, it works really well! Stay awesome, and keep dreaming. 💜
nice. boppin'
420th vid nice
So dope
the legend is back!
SO TRUE BILL WURTZ
Holy moly he's back!
babe wake up bill wurtz posted.
will you make another entire history of ______?
still waiting for history of the entire world, i guess 2
legend have brought us another banger.
This makes me think of old pc lego games
Did an AI write this?
When i watched his "history of entire universe" video i thought his channel grew just because of that, but nope stupid me. My man got some real talent in multiple things. I wish you a very happy life
Bill wurtz feels like what 1900 oldies would think what the music from the 2000 would be
Didn't know Bill was a Dream stan. He even alludes to the normal pills🤣
Why is Bill Wurtz the chaotic good version of Bo Burnham?
wow this is some great animation!!!
this reminds me of those bible schools songs they taught during vacations
truly an unexpected day
I suddenly believe in freedom
BILL I MISSED YOUUUU
My dreams are all bad ones.
Nice! It took 6 months but he uploaded again
The return of the king
''what is he doing?'' ''he's beginning to believe''
Nice
Yesterday i woke and thought was this song true..and yes it was.. :)
LETS GO
Inception, the musical.
THIS WAS ACCTUALLY SO GOOD OMG I NEED THISVON SPOTIFY. Currently in my top bill wurtz songs
Omg he's back
HE'S BACK!
:)
The man is back
I love this mhehehehe
Yes he's back
bill wurtz Returns 2: Electric Boogaloo
Yay
Congratulations on still existing.
This song sounds like it was auto generated using a bunch of 80's pop.
This seems like a song for a Pixar end credits
Maastuhpees
Awesome song long the genre 💞 such a heartwarming tune!
My day is saved
I think bill wurtz might actually be an ai.
bill wurtz pop is a squid game reference
My guy is BACK  Les gooo
WHAT THE HELL YOUTUBE!? Where was my notification 6 days ago!????
ok
I jammed way too hard to this :D
the Return of the King
hes back.
anyone gonna mention how much toto energy this song has? love it
Fantastic
This is a certified hood classic
Yoooooo
[[ V I B E ]]
Welcome back
Ay Bill!
Feels like Bill was supposed to be another member of Genesis, but somehow his birth was postponed by some decades and never made it to the band.
Colaborate with Jacob Collier and blow our minds
Can’t wait to see his music career in a decade or so
i have no idea what he's trying to tell me, but his delivery is absolutely insane
can you make one on greek mythology
chaotic fast weird/dreamcore music pog
I’m up currently at 3 in the morning, and not feeling myself as of late, and these songs jus make me feel happy, this one in particular spoke to me the most, thanks bill
Just me, or was this one a bit samey? Normally I love these, but I found it a bit meh this time x
Love you bestie bill
HE'S BACK
So the only reason this was a bit long is because you slept? That’s great, you deserve sleep. :)
holy shit? hes bak
certified banger thank you bill
this guy is such an insane producer
this one hits different
Nobody has ever been unique. Everything has been done before. There's no such thing as original. Except Bill and his content.
:D
What if you only get nightmares. I don't want to believe in that dream.
He's back!!!
bit late to the party but welcome back!
嗑药风回来哩
Don't get me wrong, funtastic man, but why does he have a twitch that he doesn't use? The things description is "boomerang salesman" Was lookin forward to some billwurtz streams
His video is more coherent than my dreams lol Yes I enjoyed
Thanks recommend
Any wait is worth bills songs
*The King Has Returned.*
Of course, im always late to fucking  e v e r y t h i n g Even bill wurtz's return Goddammit >:(
This is great , welcome back bud
Man uploaded again
I feel like this song is talking about the COVID-19 pandemic.  For example, that one thing we're missing, we're dreaming, and the best dreams could happen to "you & me." "Today, when I woke up, I couldn't believe my eyes... It's even better than dreams" could be alluding to the slowdown in new COVID cases, and the "screaming [of different perspectives]" could represent vaccinated people vs. anti-vaxxers.
Awesome!
WELCOME BACK KING!!!
It’s so original I love it
dream stans got triggered because they f o r g o r the word dream has an actual meaning
Favourite artist
FINALLY      HE RETURNED
next radio banger
return of the king
The best of the best is finally back🙂
He is back. 🔥🔥😍😍
This has jazzy Postal Service vibes
am i the only person that thinks the thumbnail is a dnf reference? yes? okay 🧑‍🦲
Eyy
So much joy in my life because of bill wurtz
Dang when you uploaded this felt like more than a dream!
sculp        t         ure
Album drop WHEN?
Day six of listening to more than a dream for a year This time with bass headphones!
This music just hits different
Welcome my lord bill
Bill wurtz saying owo? Welcome back
welcome back
Your voice is so smooth. Like. So very smooth and I envy your voice
AWESOME.
Yo this is beautiful man. 😁✌🌌
Welcome back my lord.I hope you enjoyed your rest.
Welcome back :]
That’s what the mask is
Wooh a new pooooost!
Hello king
welcome back my friend
thank u bill i will see you again in 5 years when you decide to post again
why do i feel like this "dream" represents the current condition of his channel and making this music.
Time to listen to this while walking to school in the rain tomorrow
THE MAN, THE MYTH, THE LEGEND. HE HAS ARRIVED AND WE ARE ALL SO GLAD TO SEE IT.
HE’S BACK OH MY GOD EVERYONE STAY CALM
Honestly in my opinion I like your old 2d style better
Rejoice because today is the day that bill came back to once again to bless us with his light of hope
ØK
lets wait six more months
I wonder what it's like to just sit down and talk to him
Welcome back
Looking great! :)
Great work!
Always believe in o
Pls don’t quit your the best
Ladies and gentlemen, the legend is back to posting absolute masterpieces.
Can someone type the whoke lyrics?
I still cannot understand if these are jazz tracks disguised as memes or the other way around, but what I know is that this is some remarkable content ♥️
HES BAAAAAACK
see now i was waiting for the “that was inspirational until..” but i never got there, bill, so thank you for the nice sunday jig
actually this is exactly what I dream.
he’s back.
Bill! He has returned
3:21 way to insert a model of the Fire Island Lighthouse and make me think the government is watching me by putting in a thing I've been to like a dozen times as a kid
when we needed him the most he came back
legends back
Beautiful, thank you
This hits hard idk why
believe in the dream
he's back!
This on Spotify?
He's posting? He's posting! Bill Wurts is posting! Maybe this is a dream lol
"Believe in your dream" "Your dream can be the best thing that ever happened to you"   But I had a nightmare
You are so beautiful. Thank you for doing what you do.
"seemed so true it sounded like music"  wowzers
yes
I could listen to this guy go over the history of the entire world!
Baby, I was here
Bill's randomized the most cliché indie song lyrics and made into the coolest song about nothing
I've started to hate dreaming because I just want to stay in the dream and not have to face reality
dose this man age, he looks the same
Glad to see you're still around, keep being you Bill.
Claim “before 1 million views” ticket
Dream is dream  It's more than speedrunning  It's a *dream*
Neat
Here before 1M views!   Currently: 900 774K views
Dream has been pretty silent after this dropped
Bill Wurtz's Twin Peaks.
You're the best
bill wurtzaddy
Friend: "Who's your favorite music composer?" Me: "You wouldn't get it."
I literally felt like I was in a dream-like state until the end when "I woke up"
The 500 dislikes came from people who suffer nightmares
As Bill spawns once again so do all the philosophers in the comments, lmao
If Madara Uchiha was a singer
Yo youtube tf where was my noti
THE KING IS BACK
How did ai just now got this in my recommend
This guy deserves to be on Spotify
Every new bill wurtz song feels like a warm blanket, I love it
Wait You marry Dream in minecraft huh
Bowling alley screens when you hit a strike:
Everything I loved about the Phil Collins sound in this one.
genre of music : yes.
"i just found a better way and i'll scream it out and hope you see it my way, and i know that you might find a different way and i hope you scream it back to me" hit me in a way i did not expect. what a way of acknowledging and even anticipating differences.
is anything legal yet? no then ok lets throw garbage? no ok then what we will just do nothing who am i talking exactly?.actually idk  my mind replying to my self over and over and i cant keep thinking who am i and what are what i think the  earth just got a called and something kinda happen idk what it is but it happen and imma end this word as a bye
The beginning is so good
Today I just listened to a Christian rock song without listening to a Christian rock song
Oh you remembered your password
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED!
Oh hey *a new video*
he is back lets gooooooo
This song is somehow both simple and complex in composition
i wonder if i'm sad i wonder if i'm glad or if i'm just having a sad glad dream
When the world needed him most.. he came back
He's back the music man is back
OHHHH GOERGIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
if this was a religion i would follow
HE IS BACK
this is music to my ears
The video and music is great, but did you keyframe yourself from a greenscreen in front of a grey screen?
1000/10 very inspirational, would recommend 👏👏👏
dreammmm
"today i woke up."
Suprisingly for me this is the most "normal" bill Wurtz song if you compare it to stuff like if i could blades of grass of course.
This is a masterpiece.
Looks like Bill Wurtz changed a bit.
when he said "oooowowowo" I felt that.  And also, *some*
5th day since this was uploaded. Still not a million views <:(
*Return of the King*
Ahhh Twas well worth the wait
this song actually gave me shivers
since the last vid had so many people speculating about what he meant in that song and what hes trying to say  i cant help but focus on that now and ive felt it WAY MORE than in the last song he made
this is the first one in a while that has felt truly chaotic
The lyrics sounds like computer-generated text more than computer-generated text does itself
Few days ago I had such a weird dream. In the dream, I...I forgot what dream was about.
Dream should comment on this video
Dream❌ Dream✅
This is like a fever deam
The history of NASCAR I guess
still better than Charlie puth
eyy
Cant wait for 4d bill wurtz
Good to see that he's having fun with blender
Best bill wurtz video
I like to think that this channel is like an experimental thing. Like when you get a new software or game and mess with it even when not knowing how to use it all. Just for fun.
The return...  *Of the King*
0:44 Yeah but then I'm gonna forget it in like, 2 seconds
Bill Wurtz djents. There I said it
This brings me joy.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
And he's back again 😃
epic
Face reveal!...?
dissociation gang 😔
bills back!
bills back!
👌
you know it's a good day when bill uploads
BILL IS BACK AGAIN! :DDDD
Petition for Bill to create the soundtrack for an animated Disney movie
Hey, we could make a genre out of this
nice
Love the message in this  video, albeit with that Bill Wurtz obscurity
hope he makes another history video...
"And now that they're all screaming at me, what does it mean on a cool Sunday breeze? The sun comes up, but I'm getting a good night's sleep." I like to interpret this as everyone cheering in support of Bill Wurtz, but they don't understand why they're on a pedestal when others could enjoy themselves with other things. The sun is obnoxiously shining for them to play, but Bill would rather sleep on it and take care of his mental health, which hopefully we approve of.
bill dropped when everybody needed him
track goes 3:41. felt like 10min tho. loved it
Time for another LSD trip
I took a 40 day break from the internet and this is the most amazing thing to come back to Edit: im literally crying tears of joy
HE'S BACK EVERYONE PRAISE HIMMMMM
So Bill can do 3D now.
hello bill
*The scribbles have so much unique meaning. They symbolize friendship and purpose. They fill me with joy and curiosity. We wonder how these genius drawings in a 3d aspect can be created. A dream truly creates great meaning when your mind is fuzzed with scribbles - what we made as mere toddlers. How can such a mess be so philosophical and hysterical. Drem the scribl.
there's something about 1:50 that's so incredibly refreshing... he just never misses
He back.
THIS IS SOOOO FUCKING DOPE ❤
Yes
THE KING IS BACK
yes
I’m happy now
Thank you very much for your unique videos.
This is his 420th video
bill always finds a way to make you feel like you're still in the 90's its great~
*Cool, now make your videos in 4d*
"dreaming about the things i dreamed" "the floor here is made out of floor"
Idea: Music Artists should pay Bill to make them epic music videos  By pay, I mean pay a lottt
long time no see brotha
Yay Here again
bill wurtz has levelled up and learned blender
Cheers
I have insomnia
Alan watts
Eminem better watch out.
"Believe in the dream" - Technochan
this is no coincidence
Listening to the direction the music goes is like the best kind of fever dream
every one of your videos feels like a mystery but so relatable at t he same time
Now we know what descartes went through
after 20 years, the students are gonna have to analyse Bill Wurtz's singing/animation.
I feel like bill's music just gets better with every song
Ah yes, a masterpiece, Bill drempt.
This is the first bill wurtz song that I’ve heard that has stuck to the same main concept    Edit: welp never mind
Yay
Oh hello!
Omg he’s back
the king returns
the return of the king
He is back
babe wake up new bill wurtz song dropped
His videos have gone from “shaving a piano” to something lowkey deep. Idc how else to word it. But I like it. I find meaning in it
The return of the king
It's only a matter of time till he unlocks the 5th dimension
I love the use of a pink square to represent a random note
This is Bill Wurtz's 420th video.
The return of the king
i was worried this man quit again. keep up the good work bill!
Tfw you've slipped into chaos
¡slap! ¡slap!
I thought we all agreed to call this genre of music vague chaotic existentialism :|
thank u bill <3
ayo that key change hit DIFFERENT
almost four full minutes   is this a dream?
Will u ever do a collab
I want a Bill Wurtz album
found this immediately as i got off my plane from boarding school. i could have cried with happiness
In the dark times Will there also be singing? Yes, there will also be singing. About the dark times.  - Bertolt Brecht
I will scream at you if it makes you happy and motivated for each new song/video.  AAAAAAAAAAAA
When the world needed him most he came ba- nvm he vanishe- nvm he came back again
He’s BACK
"Today I woke up" made me sad
I love you Bill!
this hits different after I just watched Lucids. Woah.
High end
You could make a religion out of this.
so great how you upgraded the technique staying true to your unique style. Just the other day I was browsing your channel to check if yt stopped showing your stuff or you stopped posting (I rewatched the world history video for the nth time). Now I see why the silence. Great comeback
These songs are more musically complex than they have any right to be. I love it. Thank you for this confusing yet pleasant addition to my day
i need a collab with bill wurtz and jacob collier
Fun fact: Bill wurtz actually predicted squid game because his pfp is an umbrella
Me : 😑 Me when Bill uploads : 😃
YEAA HES BACK BABY
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again" I just love that, the idea that if something was very very good, the universe will want to recreate it
Here 👑
I can't believe YouTube notified me of this masterpiece FIVE DAYS LATE
God is back
You have such a way with words. Surreal, yet weirdly uplifting, and then not.
Guys someone get Leo dcaprio, Bill is stuck in inception
bill wurtz I missed uuuuu
oh wow    cool dream
Long live the king
7/4
I came expecting the usual shitposting antics.  However, I was not expecting this. Good job.
it sounds: -blues -jazz -citypop -80s pop -some wierd pop -a dream!
ay always love the uploads
OKAY WOAH
(insert funny dream stan joke)
Currently watching on a Sunday
Wow, somehow I put it on .25x speed right when it hit 'dream' and I didn't realize.  It really seemed intentional
This is so inspiring…
WE MISSED YOU!
Day five of listening to more than a dream for a year
WHEEEEEEEEEEEE
Bill Wurtz is what would happen if Steve Winwood did jazz
If Steely Dan melded with the internet...
I love the fact that he's finally posting again on a somewhat regular interval
Welcome back legend missed ya!!!! 🎃😈🦋🦄🍀☘️🌺✨⚡️🌈💫🌙⭐️
OMG I FINALLY FOUND HIM
today I didn't dream that bill wurtz came back BECAUSE IT'S REALITY !!!
The king is back
What does this mean help
Dum but entertaining
life just got a little better <3 what a wonderful dream to have
there's a message in here, just don't know where.
Moving work, truly amazing artist
what do u use to edit ur old and new video?
The return of the king
thank u bill
bill, my darling
our Lord and Saviour is back
I missed your videos!
I love his deep messages they expand my mind with every listen
he finally woke up. Welcome back!
he is really feeling it lately love this <3
BILLAY
I like that even with the new animation style, there are still sprite based sections, feels true to form.
This is art
only the best vibes *eye twitch* more "History of" videos PLEASE! :)
thank you, bill.  i have an idea:  The Big Bill Wurtz Collection!
I thought he would never post another video again!
He’s back!
Our king has come back
good song!
I believe in bill's fever dreams.
this schlaps
I'm so glad I checked to find another masterpeice.
3:18
Hehe dreamz
yes
My brain hurts
The legend is back 🍻😎
i love you bill
So my dream was the dream
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!!!!!
new favorite bill song
This feels like a dream…
That's some crazy depression music. Reality never measures up to dreams because there are people that don't want things to change.
I forgot you came back welcome back king.. this is a new account i just made when you said you were gonna quit i was sad but then i looked at the comments so welcome back 💗 :)
Welcome home king
Wonderful video, Bill! Your music is lovely!
2:33 "getting a good night's sleep" **nervously eyes the 4:35am in the corner of my screen and the rapidly approaching dawn outside my window**
NEW SONG!!
Thankyou Bill, that was amazing!
the fried "getting a good night's sleep" lives in my head rent free. cant stop saying it
this (to me!) feels like your first video out of these new ones that include 3D animation since youve “been back” that has felt like it knows it’s identity?? it feels like you’ve found your “voice” in this new animation style and how you can really use it to express what you used to express in 2d
BILL
This is your reminder to do a reality check.  Pinch your nose and try to breathe through it.
I dreamd that bill uploded a video
A W E S O M E D R E A M
The return of the king.
dis is Bill wurtz's 420th video. This man is DEDICATED TO MOVE TOWARDS THE NEXT MILESTONE HELP HIM GET THERE!
This channel seems like a dream itself
We need more of this in the world :')
Number 8
this man in like a artist that has gone on Drugs nad is about to commit s...... some one help my man BILL
My goodness.  I believe this song about dreams was made due to a dream of trying to dream up a way to capture that dreamy vibe all dreams have - lucid or not! This song has the same dreamy vibe that any dream has!
BILL
GOD YES!
Ther Legend Returned mysteriously, as he vanished once more                         P.S Bro your a complete Legend thank u for making another video
hey king
Bill wurtz should collab with Su Lee.
I love the parts where he just puts himself dancing because he looks so vibey 😭
BILL !!!
Madlad
BILL YOURE GOING TO GIVE CHARLES CORNELL A HEART ATTACK
hey king
This is gorgeous
Hello our King
WHAT THE FUCK YOUTUBE YOU ONLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ME NOW? ITS BEEN FOUR FUCKING DAYS WERE I COULD’VE JAMMED TO THIS SONG
Nice
Modern historian: i spent 8 hours reading every tax payment this guy made in the past 12 years and discovered many things which could've saved the british empire from falling apart  Ancient historian:
Groovy, and very catchy!
The only way to describe bills style is high quality shitposts. Like, most of the stuff doesn't make sense at all, but somehow it does... y'know?
AYYYYYYYYYY NICE
This guy gives me a ton of inspiration. Even if I'm not that into pop music, I still watch the video over and over again simply because he deserves the attention.
bill w w what
Bill : writes random lyrics Me: that's deep
This is like when you're trying to think of a song by sting but you cant remember how it goes
The return of the king
Love the chord progression as always
Hope Bill’s got lots of money now, man’s a digital pioneer
Yet another BOP
Wurtcore is the best genre
It's like a Gullah jazz music even I'm American hearing this weird
did you eat a bagel in youre dream??
Another banger, keep up the work, it's always a pleasure watching your videos and listening
Every bill wurtz video is a fever dream
its that guy again! :)
This simultaneously makes perfect sense and is gibberish
When the world needed him most he returned
I love bill
420th video by bill wurtz lol
I imagine this is what microdosing DMT feels like
Thank u. Needed this.
watching this on a sunday
Thank you Bill Wurtz to hear from you again
This is the best waking nightmare I've had.
Damn, Bill. It's been an incredible journey to watch you go over the years. Who'd've thought you go full Jacob Collier? You're absolutely killing it, my dude. Much love ❤
Perfection
Today is the day
Welcome back
Bill Wurtz is the goat😤
sobs. thank you 😭💖
What was in my breakfast?
think he'll ever realize history videos were his most successful and do them again?
finally, that stick-man has evolved into a complete man in his dream.
6 months for this lol
i'm waiting for the one frame where it just flashes a picture of dream i bet this will happen
The king is back!!
YOURE ALIVE!!!
HE S BACK :D
The best part of bill's songs is that if you just look at the lyrics, it actually sounds like a normal song. (Most of the time)
ITS YOUU
This makes the list of my favourite songs hands down
Bro make more documentory
Please never leave me again
He has been reincarnated
Welcome back
this feels like it was written by clicking random reccomendations above a phone keyboard it starts like something that someone could write, then it stops making sense, and then it starts going in infinite loops
Dreaming a house like a old nine swh* :sunglasses:
"dreams can be real" my dream: GET THE HECK OUT OF SYRIA SO YOU CAN BUY ORIGINAL JAVA FINALLY me: well, guess it is wrong
Bill never left. He only waited for technology to catch up with his visions.
bill :more than a dream me: george
yeah me too
This song is perfect!
1st
I missed you buddy
NO WAYY
yo you came back!
Im not crying WERE crying
He's back :)
The king is back
you know I thought this was gonna be more meme-ish but I actually was touched by this
Welcome back bill
Usually his videos seem like an LSD trip but this is like an actual song an HOLY SHIT does this song hits hard
For sake, welcome back, Prof Bill W. ❤️
Slightly upset at the fact I didn’t receive this notification until 4 days later smh
i cant dream of editing something like this and going, "huh there is nothing wrong with this its perfect"
Strangely good and catchy as always
Delusion time. Oops
yay
Today i woke up From a dream Where bill Makes another video About dreaming
Same
When are you gonna make a new history lesson iguess vid i miss them man make one about the Netherlands or something
we need to see “Today I woke up” now
The tonal transitions in Bill's song are sweet AF as always
This is very, between the lions
"truesic"? We could make a religion out of this!
this guys makes videos while on LSD
Wow quality of videos is improving so much
I actually had a dream like this once, I woke up in the dream terrified of some secret coming out then fell asleep again, starting dreaming in the dream worrying about figuring out what the secret was then woke up for real unsure if I was actually awake.  Trippyiest experience of my life.
What the ever loving literal fuckin fuck
Bill you've grown some pipes
Big bill back !!!
How can something be so inspiring and surreal at the same time
A dreamy jam
I believe in you and the dream, Papa Wurtz
BILL
Yes.
Bill truly never fails to deliver this so good ahhhhh
the world is rejoicing because you posted,bill :)
This feels like a frantic session in blender
Oh noo i'm late
Come to watch comedy video, get quality song instead
i just fucking cried while listening and watching to this
Michael Jackson has been quiet since this dropped.
Yay :D
I feel like a collab with bill, bdg and jacob collier would actually break the earth
>the things i dreamed  >a bunch of houses   same bill same
He still posts :()
Yo Jeff dat you
this is ur 420th video
Incredible
These make no sense but are still great
I love how this doesn't mean anything at all but it's so damn inspiring and true nonetheless (did i use "nonetheless in the right way? I think not)
When bill posts, you know that your week is gonna be great.
The dream is to dream  Sleep and then dream to be asleep, again dream in your dream to dream
Believe in your dreams :)
Creatividad
Its always so nice when he comes back, his songs make me smile, even if the lyrics are deppresing
"Today I woke up"
amazing sound, editing, idea and relateble!
എത്ര മാസം അയ്യടോ താൻ പോയിട്ട്. ഇപ്പോഴെങ്കിലും വന്നാലോ🙄
Dreaming that my crush will like me back
LET'S GOOOOOOOO
Today I dreamed Bill Wurtz uploaded. It was a good dream.
One of top 3 of bills
When this song actually slaps
So glad your back Mr. Wurtz
I feel you
It's sad people gave this a dislike
Dreams are weird
My man is messing with Blender
Oh yeah, one legend of the YouTube came back.
I love how even though Bill experimented with 3D, he's found a way to properly integrate it with his usual visual style. A day with a bill wurtz upload, is a good day.
God?
You really have to put a green and blue colored rings for the thumbnail of a video called "dream" huh- 😭
Umbrella god, thanks for the upload.
bill wurtz is evolving into something big and I'm ALL FOR IT!!
Peter Gabriel is that you
The return of the true King of the Internet
This is high key making me emotional
The melody on this reminds me of that bdg song “see the day”
Good morning bill.
yay bill wurtz
I especially love the wowowowo in this one
Welcome back! Can we expect a constant upload time, by constant I mean like, every 6 months?
Thank you.   Seriously though your music is awesome and I really enjoy listening to it, and  please have a wonderful life (because one day of wonderful is not enough)
I love seeing your unique style in 3d
Oh my god, he posted. I've been waiting for him to post!!  Me and my brother quote him daily. I'm not even kidding, whenever something bad or unexpected happens we say in perfect sinc "HOW DID THIS HAPPEN?!"
Out of all the songs this one feels the most like ADHD
This is as bop as always Bill😀
the king is back
Day four of listening to more than a dream for a year
idk what’s going on but i like it
Great song, I absolutely love it!
youtube recommendations do be wilding
he do be back tho.
This made me very happy, thanks Bill
WHY AM I GETTING THIS RECOMMENDED FOR DAYS LATER I NEEDED THIS WHEN IT CAME OUT
EYYYY
"I just found a better way And I'll scream it out and hope you see it my way And I know that you might find a different way  And I hope you scream it back at me"  The most wholesome description of the social internet I have ever heard
Wait wait- 4 days ago?-
Dude I’m bricked up rn
I slept while listening to this and had the weirdest dream
Thx I needed this
please god let these be singles for a full length bill wurtz album
SURPISE SUPRISE MOTHERF***ERS THE KING IS BACK
love it.
my favorite part about bill wurtz is his youtube vids and songs are so uniqe to the point you cant explain in words
Guys   *umbrella*
BILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Hey you're pretty good at that music thing
I forgot he came back from the dead and when I got the notification it scared me lmfao
a collab with you and Jacob collier would be otherworldly
been feeling super down and this video came at the right time. thank you mr. wurtz ♡
This is just like when I sing nonsense, stream-of-consciousness songs to myself while working.
These videos just make sense
arigato gozaimazu
What a jam! Jacob Collier's music is the only thing I've found coming close to your style. Love it!
OH MY GOD HE'S BACK
Ooooowowo   Furries be like
The king returns
oh god oh funk
Pog
this slaps
wait when i sleep in my dream i wake up irl me right now: 🤔 but really lol this is good and funni keep it up Bill!
Boys, he's back.
you really do continue to evolve in your music and your videos, mr. wurtz.  it's always dazzling to behold.  thanks for being a gift
Thankful for this tune 🥰
I'm convinced that a large portion of the lyrics were written by autofill
2:09 my favorite part of the song, the vocals! and 00:28 wow, and 2:35, I'm sorry, he is an amazing artist like, the graphics here; 2:39
The return of the king
"Today I woke up" Chances are if you're reading this, _so have you_ , the reader of this comment.
He's got a really surreal style. Not bad!
He’s back 🛐🛐
Ah yes the only man in the universe that can rhyme dream with dream
This is better than any other music video
time just moves different when you listen to bill
The legend
Ngl, this slaps
O dam you're bac
Welcome back dude💛
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!! 👑
ive actually had a dream similar to this, mix and mash and hard to understand and a dream of life of days
The way he says "you got to believe" is just...   Ahh
BILL WELCOME BACK
It's great to see you still upload I thought  you died ngl
This song is soft and squishy and buttery and smooth and light as a feather. And it smells pleasantly sweet and floral.
Return of a Wild Bill
another banger, well done
I got nothing to say this is AWESOME
Ah, a fine case of lucid dream
bill wurtz= good musician + comedian
The return of the King
Yoooo he's back thank you YouTube feed for recommending this to me even tho I'm a few days late :/
YES IM ABT TO CRYYYY HE POSTEDDDD
Why does this remind me of the red trailer
As ever, what a magically accurate/timely time for this hyperportal of a song to resonate in me. I'm so grateful, still & again & always, Bill <3
This is so vaguely positive and full of joy that I feel somewhat threatened
Best anime intro
This is a serious bop dayum
when you- when- do you- when the- do- the when- when do you- when the- when-
Illuminati confirmed.
I LOVE YOU
I dreamed a dream of times gone by
Your videos make my day!
Has my dude been taking singing lessons? There was a lot of soul in this one!
i, too, have slipped into chaos
The Return of the King
This video is a realization of  my dreams... unexplainable
It was so abstract but so beautiful... how could anyone make something so beautiful
If you are lost in life, don't know where to go, are looking for a sign or just need help and need someone just know God is here for you :)   Your life has purpose  The Bible Way To Heaven:  *The Bible Way To Heaven - Pastor Steven Anderson short presentation:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEawcSFuCTw (7min)  *The Bible Way To Heaven by Pastor Steven Anderson mini sermon: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaw-R6vTJIw (19min)
HES BACKKKK YESSSSSSSSSSS
Hello
Your mind confuses me, but in a good way😸. Keep it up Mr.Wurtz
Oh yeah 😎👌
His videos are different from literally anything else and I love it
We need you through these dark times.
thank you for making my day better
This is what Penelope Scott was trying to be. And failed miserably.
420 video
WOOO BILL WURTZ IS BACK
All his songs sound the same but different and it’s amazing
loving the 3d animation
im hearing america in here and its such a vibe!
The Verse sounds so much like Brian David Gilbert's "See the Day", omg — from the melody, to the key, to the 7/8 time signature I love it  -Paintspot Infez Wasabi!
the king has posted again 🦟🦗🦟🦗🦟🦗🦟🦗
So thats the minecraft youtuber everyone talkin bout
Pepeeofidoekfoodkrkfks rod
I just know this is has some kind of life-changing message but I can't understand multi-dimensional storytelling
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO YES LOVE THIS WOOOOOOOO YEAH
bill you have made me exist
Yay
Sounds like if cory wong made math rock
He has returned, we finally healing
This is my new favorite song of yours… it’s SO GOOD?! :O
what have my ears done to deserve to listen to something so beautiful P.S. 1:38 he do be groovin
Nice
We are all gals you are back, Bill!
This is some of your best work yet!
This multi depth video is outstanding
This multi depth video is outstanding
I love it
WHAT THE HECK THIS CAME OUT 4 DAYS AGO AND I ONLY SEE THIS NOW? Even though I have the bell activated 😅
babe wake up, bill wurtz posted
The king is  back
Man this song hit hard
huh
mds te amoo
Oh welcome back I’m still a piece of garbage
I  s u m m o n   *DREAM*
This seems far more generally optimistic than your last few songs. I quite like it.
1:27 though we were gonna get rick rolled for a second
missed u
Return of the king
Soooo, basically Bill became a songwriter
At a glance, the lyrics sound a little bit like gibberish but it actually hits pretty hard
he is back yesss
God revealed his face?
Its called more than a dream and the cover has green and blue. Why is my brain weird-
AYEREEEESREFsdghgh
Yay
THE KING IS BACK
Bill's music style needs to become a hit.
He’s getting better and I’m kind of scared
this is the most creative person on the planet.
It's so smooth I didn't notice the time signature change
If Inception was a song
nice
Yay! Bill
Yooo
hi
When the internet needed him most, he returned
Pleased to see nothing has changed!
the song and the animation looks like the credits from wal-e
Deeply Real Song
today i woke up  too
The legend is back
Damn Bill. You are firing on all cylinders here my friend. I hope you know the joy you give to the world
When the world needed him most…  He almost *vanished.*
thank you
i like how bill is in front of a green screen but doesn't use it
Why are you so sad, King
The legend is back
It's not often that people can call something original. And it's once in a lifetime that you get to witness someone create an entirely unique but beautiful style of music that no one else has been able to replicate successfully since
We missed u king
My dream is to have bill wurtz redoing monday videos
thanks bill
i've missed u
WELCOME BACK!!! 💕💕
This song hits hard after coming out of a 6 month long depression
Inspirational. Thank you. :)
I have pretty much tough and strange time in my life, most things for me are so difficult, even right now I have an anxiety, but the return of Bill and this song made it a bit better. thank you, man ❤️
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!  ... thank you for another bop, sir.
It's an ironic style of music that isn't pretentious in the least, yet very profound in it's sometimes confused or nihilistic theme.  It's also full of talent, despite being so nonchalant, or at least silly. It has tons of creativity and genuinely cool music.  But mostly, it's just relatable. It seems like something a person would make as an independent artist, without a "Kickstarter" or producer.
:D
Idk why but all of Bill's music feels very 90s It's amazing
god damn he is back at it again. Making peoples day
Bro this is awesome
Bro this is awesome
Hello king, good to see u again
the way Bill carefully organizes the chaos into this harmonic, psychedelic choreography is almost magical
THE KING
Welcome back
I like this song. It fits for anyone, whatever they need to hear. For me, I'm moving, and this song means the fear of change is okay, things will return to normal, I'll be okay
the plot in this song runs deeper than inception
Poggers
bill wurtz predicted umbrella for squid game
Jesus has returned
✨ wo wo wo ✨
everybody gangsta until the legends upload
This whole song is incredibly hope-pilled and I love it
Your songs never make any sense and are very weird But I love it
HES BACK
This is inspirational
Yea
I'm convinced that Bill speaks in songs in real life
<3
ahhhhh the layers
The. Legends. BACK!
OMG HE'S BACK
This slaps
“Get in!” count: 0
this man sommoned a whole fandom with that title
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I had to do a double take to make sure there really is a new video. Glad you are doing ok
this man rhymed way with way and way
The legend is back
his music always slaps
thank you
I'm vibing hard to the chaos today
But will you be there in person to accept your Grammy?
Been awhile huh?
Okay who let bill buy Blender
ooh
hello dad
I just found the meaning       bill died in his sleep and ended up living life but instead, everything was a dream. after a while he got used to all of this and belived
Oowowo
When world needed him the most... He came back.
Omg face reveal
Please please for the love of god go on tour
Bow before the king
I missed you a lot
Man i miss you so much
looking for the dnf jokes
I would like to see you do another video like history of the world. Will be fun to listen science from you.
Damn same
This is awesome keep up the great work
No more Helvetica? :(
Bill is the king of shit posting beacuse the posts are actually masterpieces and despite them not making any sense you completely understand everything
This song is actually really good. I can imagine this on the radio
Enjoyable 👍
Please do another history video. Maybe the United States?
Oh my gosh she has upgraded to 3-D animation this is beautiful
This is great! I love the music and the animation
I like how from 2019 to 2021 he didn't make a single video. This proves that 2020 was purposely made to be the worst year ever. It was so bad that not even bill wurtz made a video during that year.
Return of the king.
Wow cool
Welcome Back Dude. 😃
He has spoken
I feel like I’m on drugs right now and I love it
Every singe video his animation has gotten better
he's back, my life is complete.
This feels like a fever dream
How does this guy think of these things?
am I dreaming?
damn so were going 3D, sick
His 420th video
Wasn't expecting a video today, cool
:)
whoever said he transcended into another state of being  *you're absolutely right*
The man. The myth. The legend.
Only music videos? No history of the entire world i guess 2?
Hi billy :)
How do you know your not dead 😳
Bill always make my month!
he's alive 😳
Bill Wurtz: Uplaods  YouTube, 3 days later: oh yeah you should watch this I guess lol
He has returned! This is a happy day indeed.
Billy boi watching you dance is a VIBE
Zooted rn. LESS GOOO
THIS IS IN 7/4?
Bill's songs makes sense but also doesn't at the same time.
I needed this. Thanks again, Bill.
NO WAY
Bill Wurtz's songs make me feel very calm and comfortable in these hard times.
This song is so calm.
Can we all say that this song is really good?
OH GOD HES BACK A A A AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What a legend!
i just love this song its perfect
Yes sirrr
Um anyone else see a resemblance to Peter Knetter?
He said dream more than 31 time
Yay
your back :)
Finally he’s here
hey king
Bill: Ok hear me out "dReAm"
HES BACK
This is the most generally specific song I have ever heard.
N E W
Kinda slaps
Last night I dreamed I was in a volleyball team but I was very bad at it. I said "Sorry guys, be indulgent, I'm learning!..." And then my team was loosing because of me, they didn't say anything but I could see they were slightly pissed off.
The chosen one has returned
Honestly I feel so blessed when this man releases a new video 🥺
I kind of miss the feelng that my ears are exploding when i listen to this
Legends never die
Man your music is the stuff my mind thinks about at 3:00 A.M.
welcome back  :)
Bill has acended to the 3rd dimension
The myth, the legend, I present to you Bill Wurtz
"the worst mistake you can make is to think you are alive, when you are asleep in life's waiting room" -waking life
Big "The Postal Service" energy on this one. I dig it
great song as always. thanks bill.
He has returned once more! 🙌🏻
Welcome back King.
the true[sic] bit was genius
Inception theme song
this simultaneously induces immense joy and a certain anxeous discomfort in me
Thanks. Dream is now a meaningless sound
I love your editing tutorials! You're on to something good and I hope you keep it up! Love, bye
He's back baby!!!
"i've slipped into chaos"
The Return of the King
Hello
YOUR BACK <3
I love the video and the music in general! Very awesome stuff Bill! Keep it up B)
Finally bill is back
Turnt
It sounds like the plot line to the old story "Dreaming Of True Riches"
It sounds like the plot line to the old story "Dreaming Of True Riches"
Dreams are real? Are dreams real? What is Real? Aaaaahaha
We love bill
..did you dream about being a princess?
THE LEGEND HAS POSTED THANK YOU FOR LYRICAL LEMONADE.. but on a serious note why does his songs sound oddly nostalgic, like something your brother randomly made up at 2 in the morning
Ok, this is spankin good music lol
Thanks for being alive.
I really love the song
pog
Snake eater
This song legit almost had me crying. Wtf.
He’s back :D
Talent's right here
Here before 1m views
glad he's back
I welcome you back our lord and saaaaaaaviiiiiooooor.
I miss that old entertaining videos that makes zero sense but still makes your day
wait... we're dreaming the dreaming reasoning?
Every song he creates makes my day :D
This is art.
Bill is never late but always on time
if i die, atleast my dream play in my soul forever
b i l l  w u r t z
I miss the history classes 🙁
I love Bill’s animation style. And the music is perfect
God save the King! Long live the King! May the King live forever!
turnt
I feel Happy after listening to you Bill, Thank you, ive been having a bad day and this helped a little
bill wurtz supremacy
These weird rythm patterns and harmonic combinations really remind me of Jacob Collier actually. Amazing work BILL!!!
To be honest, i love the 3d bill wurtz. The artstyle in 3d is amazing
I am in love with how you didn’t delete the text “dreaming about the things i dreamed” but just colored it black
He just said the word Dream 300+ times in three minutes and it made sense.
this music is just magical
1:48 that modulation tho, hot damn.
Dreams are overrated
Bill Wurtz uploaded Day good
this was great :D
The king is back
"Whoa" with the rotating traffic stopper was so amazing I laughed
Yey more 3d stuffs
this one slaps i love it
Yessir! The legend is back 🔥🔥!
Unironically a banger oml
bill's song was more inspiring and motivating than any other song i have heard. i need to make it my daily playlist now
So are we just not going to talk about how much Bill Wurtz looks like Todd Howard?
your videos make me smile
3:18 OwO
This is so unpredictable but it fits,
Did you make an arg? Here what’s the password?
HES BACK THIS IS NOT A DRILL
English 11 teachers gonna have a field day over this one
Dream stans for fuck sake...
Bill Wurtz used to express a 3D feeling in his 2D videos, and now he expresses a 4D feeling in his 3D videos' visuals. He is a true genius for audio and video content that is unlike anything I've ever seen before
love it
bill wurtz pfp = *SQUID GAME*  **confirmed?**
👏👏👏👏👏👏
This wasn’t funny. Without the jokes, it’s just shit music but since it’s Bill Wurtz there has to be jokes… is that what we are for listening to this?
He's       back
He is back !!!
Again with another luxury quality shitpost to feed us
every dream is a good dream when a new Bill Wurtz song drops
Hi Bill.
Imma be real right now I've never dreamed
bill wurtz songs have absolutely no structure to them and thats probably one of the many factors that make them brilliant like they are
the og has returned
When we needed him most:
imagine what would happen if he made a ARG like channel 58 and gemini home entertaiment
Waaaaaaaaaa he posted againnn
Bruh, I thought this man was dead, no he is just dreaming.
lyrical jeanius
This gotta be the most hyped thing I've ever hyped in the history of my life.
This is one of my favorites from you Bill, for sure.
This feels like a soundtrack cut from an 80s romcom that no one ever saw.
I hope you get big enough so you can do concerts
Literally me rn, no joke.
He's back, I was so unprepared for this
Bill actually replied to one of my questions and said the next song would be about dreams. Cant believe he actually didnt reply with a really cryptic answer
And that's the point of Damascus.
Your best song so far!!!
At any moment a theory will explain what is happening in these videos
I need that 3d character as a vrchat avatar
Whatever you took before making this give me 3 of it
this is it. the mix between the new and the old style is so gooooooood
This makes me irrationally happy
He's Back! am I dreaming?
The king has returned
THE LEGEND IS BACK!
he's backkkk
hi bill wurtz im subbed!
Nice
His music is awsome, reminds me of late 80s - 90s jazz fusion but with really deep lyrics
Welcome back
Every decade a genius might be born. And you are one of them!  Reasons to live:  To hear another song from Bill.
our god has joined the server agan
My confusion makes this good
the return of the king
HE IS BACK
I'm convinced Bill gets his lyics by pressing the middle suggested word on his phone's keyboard
Babe wake up new bill wurtz video
always believe in the dream 💯 its the dream
It's random but still amazing like always
Bill wurtz returned when the world needed him most
Loving ur music bill its incredible
Algorithm comment
if you disliked this video then I'm gona dislike your life.
Welcome back man!
He's back The man is back
Is live a dream?
Wow, well done!
every iteration becomes greater
What a happy day
I'm convinced the song lyrics are from autocorrect
"Dream makes sense"  My dreams: ***Am I a joke to you?***
Bill Wurtz remembered his password
damn
bill wurtz is the best singer
music genre : wurtz
YOURE BACK ??????
Bill is a genius. He delays things for months then uploads it knowing we are deprived of wurtz content.
I wonder if bill will do any big projects again, no pressure though, stay based king.
"I fell asleep. Dreaming about the things I dreamed."   So. Absolutely. Relatable
Greetings, Your Majesty
Wanna skate that pyramid so bad 😳
ey yo ey
I don’t know how to explain it but Bill is the Adele of youtube
youtube unsubbed me. very disapponted in you youtube.
I know it might sound awkward and oddly specific, but I want to play a katamari stage designrd by this man (with his music in the background). I just thinks it fits so well.
Dream
The reason Bill's songs are so catchy and we can relate to them is because they feel universal. We all think about these things, and he seems to just be able to put them in a song form we can all enjoy
*We could make a religion out of that.*
The return of the King!
Legend
can't believe bill wurtz is a living Internet gem... hope to see you still uploading for a couple years :)
Possible references found in this video:  Shapes - 0:59 The shapes could represent Squid Game or Friday Night Funkin. The circles are an abstract representation of blue balls, while the triangles represent the arrows.  Brackets - 1:23 The brackets might represent the Big Shot meme, but with ((circular brackets))  Falling Toast / Falling Waffle -  1:27 The screen shows Bill falling down in a similar fashion to the falling toast meme.  Roblox Tags - 3:12 The symbols on the bars could imply Roblox tags.
My favourite history teacher.
i just realised its a new video
guess who's back, back again
Just a small personal, emotional rant that nobody asked for: The lyrics "the best dreams will be dreamed again" made me actually tear up because the best dreams I have are of my late brother. No words ever have comforted me so much and so unexpectedly. Thank you for your songs :)
no joke this one is actually good
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
the definition of the best youtube video ever. bless you youtube for giving this to my feed
This is fantastic. It is truly difficult to describe how difficult something like this is to make.
And when humanity needed him the most *he returned*
finally a video of bill, i love your musics
HES BACK
welcome back sensei
this is the definition of a dream stan
Yes
3:03 wth my dream is not 180p :/
Another banger form bill wurtz everyone
dont you hate it when you wake up in a nightmare instead of a dream
Looking forward to some 45 minute analysis vids explaining the music theory behind this song
someone probobly had 20 dreams but he probobly didnt know or people just didnt believe him..
This remind me a bunch of "See The Day - The Altogether", Brian David Gilbert's band.
This man revolutionized music, brought the world together, won my heart, and he's still at it. I will forever be impressed with the power of *bill wurtz.* Thanks, bud.
Unbelievable happiness
02:00 "leaving the studio"??
Relateble
I love this
I love this❤️
Damn that sexy-ass key change hits hard
He bacc bois
holy fuck welcome back
you should make a history video about a country
Local cool guy Mr. Wurtz dude man
He's getting so good at modelling these environments 😭
Every time bill uploads, I find a new reason to keep going
The new Ed Sheeran album sounds a bit different
I think this song has more meaning, he said he slept through all the seasons, like that he didnt upload.
3d wurtz
The Return of the King
Istg whenever he posts he makes my whole day 😭🤚
im groovin in my room over here and maybe you're over there groovin in your room and we're all just grooving out here together and that's pretty groovy
this song is really good and philosophical i really needed this tonight
Thx for everything bro :D
Every time he releases a song, this world receives good karma ++
I really need to say that you're the most random youtuber I've seen yet but damn you're great and a great classic.
This is how comeback should be
this mans music is both incomprehensible and absolutely amazing at the same time
I like this, but I know if I put this on the aux 😩
My God... This really pulls my mind on a trip. I love this
hey bill wurtz you dropped the crown  here ya go king
So much better than Jacob Collier
Other peoples dreams: meeting their favourite celebrity My dreams:
Welcome back!
The time signature on this song is hurting my head, what the hell is this? My current guess is that it's a looping pattern of 7/4, 7/4, 7/4, 9/4. I thought it might be 15/8 but i was coming up one extra in the first measure. so it's either that repeating sequence or it's some 15/8 played over the bar line  no wait, it's 7/4, 7/4, 7/4, 9/4 for the verse, but 15/4 on the chorus. I cannot see how to count the verses as 15/4, no matter how badly i want to. the other option is that it's like 30/8 or something and it's just counted differently  edit. it might be just 15/8 played over the bar line. i think i was missing a beat in the intro  edit 2: it's 7/4 in the verse, 4/4 in the chorus.
Good
The kings back
I'm high and this is spiritual af
The king has returned!
Incredible!!!!!!!!!!! We salute you king!
Thank you for this bill you deserved that break or was that a video make month
This is what eren jäger should listen too       But srsly amazing :)!!!
Honestly, I don’t prefer the 3D animated videos like this. They’re not as vibrant as the previous videos Bill uploaded.
Its bean a while (Im im unfunny)
He deserves his own music genre. "What's ur favorite genre of music ?" "Bill."
Incredible as always, Billiam Wurtzun
I showed this to my friend and he said this video looks like the good side of using drugs.
I love his music! It feels like a possibility that was deep inside of me which was then brought to fruition in the best way
Sounds like someone remembered his password
hell yeah dancing dream man
1:13 Dang! That cgi is so good, it almost looks real!
This is absolutely amazing, every time you upload you put a smile on my face
Pro: he is getting better with 3D Cons : he is getting better with 3D
Have you found a girl yet, bill?
The return of the king
I didn't mean to be inpatient the other day. Thank you, I love you!
“The best dreams will be dreamed again” is genuinely an amazing quote
Finally bill's back
Sounds so epic like almost a proper song
After watching Inception for the first time this is even more of a trip for me
dream stans be like:
legend posted
ur back yay
This actually makes sense,a song about dreams that's why it has the nonsense in it
I dream therefore I sleep
This needs reaction from people like Rick Beato 😅 ❤️❤️
Ok ok fine I'll go to bed
this guy still lives in the 2000's
Reminds me of Jack Stauber
I GOT A HEART ATTACK BECAUSE YOU CAME BACK YESSSSS
are witnessing the birth of a new genre, that can only be excelled by its creator? 💭
I love watching bills videos, it saves me so much money as I don’t need to buy more acid to trip on
Bill's voice remind me of Jose Mari Chan all of a sudden.
I love you
Guys idk but I think he had a drean
I can't wait to be able to sing along to this one, you've really stepped it up this time bill
i just realized bill wurtz looks like an older peter knetter
Literally better than dream's "normal pill" song or some non sense
He's back
When the world needed him most…he returned with a bloody masterpiece
HE UPLOADED YAYYY :popcorn_for_everyone:
te amo ql
the legend himself has posted a vid
bruh life is so surreal
It's always a good day when Bill uploads
we are feeling things tonight folks,,,,, this song hits different when you have chronic vivid nightmares
This whole video feels like a dream.
He’s back again
and hes back
thought you died!
What just happened? I'm confused...
damn bill, what a banger.
i love how it shifts up at 1:50. I don't have the best ear but it feels like it's a half step above a note that feels like it would naturally follow from the previous note, which adds the already weird change of going up like an octave. love noticing little things like this!
He’s making these easier for Xavier to track, I know it
ayy he uploaded
Damn those 3D effects
Hes alive
HOW DID I MISS THIS
This gives me "See The Day" by Brian David Gilbert vibes
Proof we live in a simulation
0:55 -
Thank you for blessing my YouTube feed once again Bill
No time for sex babe, Bill Wurtz dropped a new beat.
bill wurtz turns jon bois tweets into song lyrics...and i love it
The king has returned
Whenever I listen to a new bill song it always feels like it's something i've known for a long time... while still surprising me with how good it is.
ojalá nunca dejes de existir
Bill are you okay?
Vido
this is very pleasing to my emotionally-compromised brain
Just a thought: Bill Wurtz and Glass Animals collab
He's back
how does Bill keep the exact same voice for 8 years?!
It do groove though
Most people: damn that sounds really good  Musicians: 🤯
this music slaps
Another certified bop
nice
*_This is why Bill was taking super long._*  *_He's been song-writing. He's been doing these graphics. He even recorded himself singing like a BOSS._*  *_That's some effort, but keep pushing on._*
Finally he's back             Only took him half a year
I don't even understand why I love it, but I do
Today i woke up
oh thank god you're still making music I thought I was gonna have to finally kill myself
This man is the reason the world isn’t dead
I've always wondered if there was meaning to the lyrics or if it's just what comes out when bill's vibing.
Heart warming
our musical oddball messiah has retired
I dig how natural and groovy the 7/4 time feels
Bill must have best view to like ratio of anyone I've ever watched!
Hmmm, today i will DREAM
This one is really sweet and pleasant!
bill wurtz has blessed us
Funky :-)
Holy shit this is easily the best thing he's put out in such a long time. Not that the rest is bad, but man I dig this. This definitely takes my new runner up favorite next to Might Quit.
And they said humans were bad at generating random information.
yOUR VOCALS ARE SO GOOOOD
I thought you quit again...
BABE WAKE UP NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEO also bill reminds me of my driver's ed teacher idk why
Good for the soul
HES HERE
The amount of green and blue in this video is extremely sus 🤔
I feel like I've learnt nothing yet everything in 3 minutes
Bill wurtz's music is like listening to LSD
This is amazing I was really hoping he would make a song on one topic and it’s even better then the amazing off topic ones😁
:_)
Bill Wurtz! I started watching like 2 months ago and you finally uploaded.
Fun fact: this is the 420th bill's video
Thank you again
Bill Wurtz is still in the game! :D
These songs keep getting better and better!
The lyrics are underrated as hell.
Who watches this video and is like, 'no I do that like this' and dislikes, like how?
I’d say this is a song about derealisation, but you never know with Bill Wurtz.
YO
i cried
🟩🟦
History of 2020 plz
Woah woah woah… he back
Yes
great sounds!!!!
Ah yes, the man who has a beautiful voice and puts random things into rhythm and creates BOPS. Let us watch.
This went from eating grass in 2d and now we’re here in 3d talking about dreams  I like it
If angels made sitcoms this would be the intro song.
This is the best kind of bloomer music
The people who disliked this were jamming to the song so hard, they accidentally clicked the dislike button and didn’t realize it.
Yeet
:O
“Seemed so true it sounded like music”. Why am I crying
FINALLY! I thought you quit youtube...
Petition to have this mans music play in every store
aight he didn't leave again he was just saving up money for lsd
This is just what I needed
i, too, woke up, today
thank you bill
amazing work, god. you still do amazing music bill wurtz. i would give you money if i had any
Very fitting of the world in 2021. In the shadow of the pandemic we are looking for a better future, we are collectively in a pursuit for the dream we envision for the future.
this is an oddly-specific explanation of my dreams
This guy is an international treasure
bill could pull off an ARG and nobody would know just slowly make the theme of the videos slowly darker and darker
He game back... Again!
He finally remembered his YouTube password
420th video
please make a song with Jacob Collier
The rhythmic jump rope is insane!
Add a public comment...
YOOOOOOOOOO 8)
Can we talk about the GROOVE!?
bill wurtz back at it again.
Guys, I don’t think he’s ready for ontology and metaphysics
"Normal"-Bill Wurtz
THE FUN MUSIC MAN HAS RETURNED
It's always a good day when Bill posts
every day he wakes up (or maybe not)
I never got the notification and I'm very upset with my phone. How dare it try to separate me from such art  >:(
omg he's back
loving the full length songs 💞💞
I like how now ones been talking about bill’s subtle comeback
this guy is still allive
I love the fact that all his videos very much scream him, and none of them seem like impressions or based on others work, all his videos bleed with his individuality and it’s amazing!
:)
omg the god has posted!!!
this is beautiful i adore it /gen
Thank you Bill. This is all I needed to feel everything is right in the world again.
~ungh~
He is back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
returned again
It’s confirmed, ladies, gentleman, and my neighbor’s dog THAT WON’T SHUT UP. Bill Wurtz is just one big fever dream
Dreams 70% Something referring to dreams 29.9%.
HES BACK DUDE
*other people's dreams:* omg in my dream I kissed my crush! *my dreams:* zombies who are afraid of toilets and minecraft crystals
Not song, just... "history of china"
I can't explain why this is giving me See The Day vibes
Ur stll alive?
You mean dream? The green guy?  Oh
it seems like a dream to me
I woke up in a dream I fell  asleep I’m dreaming about my dreams yesterday was good and hard to believe he lives in dreams he wants dreams to be best
YOU HAVE RETURNED
yes
bruh why didn't I see this 3 days ago :((((((((((  this hits me in all the feels :)))))))
How normal is too normal 🤔
THE LEGEND POSTED AGAIN
BILL WURTZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There's no one else like you. Please never stop this. You are the golden age of my musical exposure
A Bill Wurtz upload day is a great day
woke up, watched this video,  threw up. Keep up the great work!
thank you
he is finally back
This feels like a mix of the 2D style from 2 years ago and the more recent 3D style. I love it!
best artist of all ever
Upload weekly
Day three of listening to more than a dream for a year
the sun is a deadly laser btw
Its a good day
welcome. we could make a religion out of of this btw
Oh my fuckin god i didn’t expect this. Thank you for posting this, I’ve been really stressed as of late and seeing this helped much more than I excepted.  Glad you came back you god of a man. You taught me more history than any teacher has in my life.
Glad he still makes videos
this all very true but dreams can be absolutely horrifying
Ive been completed
I forgot how to be sad now
Today I woke up and saw this.
all dreams have meaning my dreams:
He’s back
Welcome back legend!
You might think bill’s videos are a bit weird or just a joke but really it’s actually genius how he expresses his thoughts and how he puts them in a video!
He's bacc
This was posted on my birthday?!  😳
To the 403 people who disliked, I hope you don't dream tonight
our god has returned
this is powerful im emotional and i don’t understand why
I prefer darker songs that don't repeat the same words a hundred times.  This one is just not good.  High effort, but not good.
Wonderful
Ayyyyy let's goooooooooo!!!!!!
Beautiful
Friend: Whats your favorite music genre? Me: It's.. *Complicated.*
he's back :DDDD
This is what Jack Johnson was going for when he wrote songs for Curious George.
King lives
The amount of music theory and harmony in this one is astounding. The best of your projects yet bill. Amazing job
Holy shit this slaps
YAY
I love your music
Just like a lucid dream
hello!! <33
The 3D is so cool
Me on my way to make an animatic so fast
HE'S BACK!!!!
I love how he always ends his songs. Its like a punch line.
Better than mask.
Finally, he's back x3. He's already made a video on him being back, but dude, still, the king is back baby.
What does he use to edit?
the legend is back. THE LEGEND.
NO WAY HES BACK
This is fire💥💥💥💥
him dancing around while he sings makes me so stinkin happy 😭
Bill back with another video to cheer up my bad days ❤ and this time we can make a religion out of this!
Congratulations on finding something to rhyme with "music"
Welcome back king
THE LEGEND RETURNS
omg hes backkkkk
*F l y i n b o i*
I just watched a almost 3 hour long video essay discussing thr topics of  social media influence on politics, us as people, our morality, our ideologi as well as AI evolution and so muck fucking more. It was origianaly an analysis of bo burnhams song about Jeff besos but let's just say it covered a wide arange of topics.  Anyways what I wanted to say with this was that my brain hurt but this video made my brain juice go brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr and now I can think, thank you Mr umbrella man
BRO FINALLY U MADE A VIDDD
welcom bakk!!1!
Damn the legend returned
Wooow i missed you, is nice to see you back!
It makes absolutely no sense, and yet I still legitimately feel it. 10/10 would dream again.
He welcome back, I'm still a piece of garbage.
"You got to believe in freedom Be free to believe in the things you dream of Cause that's the way that the best dreams can be dreamed of"
the king is back
His entire channel feels like a awesome trip and I’m living for it
Return of the king
Mushrooms?
dream about your new life lol and yes it will make it better if we are not going in our room so you have no one else lol and i will make a difference to edit it in your eyes if we don't do anything wrong and i don't know how it works and Dream
I already know in like A year he’s going to be doing like live shows or something
Nice song but when will you return to no song videos
Absolute bars
I bow to thee, mylord.
And when the world needed him most, he returned
I want to say I love this song. I want to say it’s telling me a complete thought about how you’re feeling.  But… after watching it 3 times I feel it’s just looping into itself for the sake of “dreaming a dream within a dream” but to me it feels more like a grasp of an idea than an idea itself.   Now that I wrote that… it kind of perfectly lines up with how dreams feel being in them and then out of them. Total comprehension, then disillusion
Awesome content
Where's the Bill Wurtz/Bo Burnham collab?
Is this on Spotify?!? I need this In my life more!
FINALLLLYYYY WELCOME BACK BILL
He's back lets goooooooooo
What a fun and meandering song!
The first thing I watched when I woke up
God damn this is so just... unironically good. Sometimes it makes sense, sometimes it doesn't, and either way it sounds good the whole time.
*The legend has awakened once more.*
I sense a ARG in that video
Im still so happy that hes back every video is a blessing
Oh my God he uploaded yes finally
Everytime Bill Wurtz uploads:  It's Tonga Time.
this is a certified hood classic
1:21 all my funny words are revealed to not be mine
Woah.
more than justa dream theres a george too
look mom, im on drugs!
I love his little 3D persona
420 video special
More lik Bill Bestz
666k views... WTF
Was that the pan colors I saw?
Idk wtf is going on but I love it
As someone who struggles with existentialism, I find myself often believing that the world around me is not real, that maybe I'm in a coma or something and all of life is but a dream.  So... This helped me come to feel okay with that? I kept up with the lyrics from the get-go I think. Falling asleep in a dream is just normal sleeping. Life is a dream, so falling asleep is just a dream in a dream.  Thanks Bill, this has helped me out a lot.  Instead of freaking out about this, I might as well accept whatever it is that I believe it to be, and roll with it instead of being horrified by it.  Make it whatever I want it to be.
The Return of the King
Hey king
i had a feeling he uploaded
Sandman got me like
Nice
OMG DREAM MINECRAFT???????
Hehe, sleep paralysis go brrr  Edit: Bill has got some killer dance moves.
Hello fine sir. Would you be available to marry me and be more than a dream?
"It's enough to make a grown man cry." 😢
someone dreamed they spilled rainbow spaghettios everywhere
Oh man that B section chord progression, the major 7 to the minor 11 (or sus 13), always astounded by your music Bill
"dreams make sense" me: *confused pikachu face*
Bill
I am having an existential crisis every 5 minutes then bill wurts finds a way to make people happy
What a king
I guess he dreamed of looking like todd howard
Now this is art.
I dream a dream that Pop music can be great again. Love you Bill
i idolize you mr wurtz
The man has returned
Keep Dreaming
Is it just me who feels like his videos last way longer than they actually are?  Not complaining at all
watching 2:43 to 2:56 at night was fun
HES BACK
nobody:  bill wurtz when he posts a new video: best I can do is 1 mil views
This is more beautiful than i could have ever dreamed it to be. Thank you doesn't even come close to the amount of gratitude I have. Thank you.
these videos don't make sense and are relatable at the same time somehow
OMG HE'S NOT DEAD!
When the world needed him most He returned
how is this music so calming
Dislike because advert
Nice song, I liked
@OwO see this
nice
I'm fuckin blown away, man. I think I needed to hear this today.
Bill is back
This is a masterpiece
I love you bill wurtz
About 2 minutes in on the Highway: "Leaving the Studio".
This is incredible
this video is an hour long
I need someone to breakdown those key changes for me. Quality jazz content as always from Mr. Wurtz
What an absolute optimistic bop
you really called this more than a dream and then made the thumbnail blue and green circles.........
♪(today i woke up!
10/10 music video!
what in all fuck just happened. bill??
I love this so much! It fills me with hope. Thank you! :D
It is.
instrumental suculento 😋
I've never heard a 5/4 groove this smooth.
The king has returned!
HE'S BACK WOOOO
Quick, someone call Charles Cornell!
ah yes another charles cornell video incoming
bro where u been wtf
I cannot wait for bill to start using spatial audio. Combined with 3d animation, these songs could be a great starting point for VR/AR music videos
+
The Sandman Netflix series opening theme leaked
I swear bill just drops a pod of acid in his coffee and just starts writing
i forgot bill wurtz is a musician..
circles... triangles... is this squid game reference!1!1!1!!!!1
Ur alive
This is the worst and the best song I’ve heard
I want to listen to this in my car ❤️
You don't even have to understand English to think this is an amazing bop
Verse sounds like BDG "See the Day"
Libertarian Bill confirmed?
Will you ever do any videos in the style of history of japan or history of the entire world I guess?
Trim off 40 seconds and this could win Eurovision. Just saying.
what do you call this emotion
he posted again omg
Me fav line is *WOWOWOWOWOWWW dReAmS CaN bE*
I swear, Bill's music makes me feel emotions I didn't know existed
Missed you bud
The legend himself is BACK!  Btw thanks for helping me pass my AP Would History class
Weirdly enough this song inspired me to dream
A lovely song to cure my existential crisis
1:53 just remembering this for later
OMG we're now "3D" OH HECK YE BB
This is quite glorious  I hope the algorithm blesses you videos Mr Bill Wurtz
Teaching my kids this was Sesame Street
This video goes hard feel free to screenshot
i just dreamed about me dreaming that I dreamed about was dreaming about me dreaming about that dream and dreaming about you and the dreaming about you was dreaming about me that I was dreaming about a person imagining a person about a person imagining him and the person whos imagining the person whos imagining him has imagining about he's imagination.
Those lyrics made me smile. Bill is the best singer on YouTube, and we need to get him to 100M subscribers.
Yesterday petrol was cheaper, Bill.
The king. He has returned.
This is Bill Wurtz 420th video
Are we not gonna talk about how the title of the video/song is "more than a dream" and the thumbnail is predominantly Green and Blue? DNF Bill? Jokes aside, it is an amazing song
That was incredible
All of your new uploads have been absolutely 100% masterpieces
Finally a uploaf
eww.
Yes
Solarpunk energyyyyyy
So nobody it's going to talk about this song being a continuation of the final chapter from Brian David Gilbert's series Dances Moving
Funny man uploaded funny video
I'm noticing Bill's music is much less hectic than it used to be (a part of his signature sound in the past). I don't want to say it's derivative as this one is pretty nice.
DROP EVERYTHING NEW BILL WURTZ DROP
WHY DOES THIS GUY STILL NOT HAVE AN OSCAR?!?!?!?!!?!?
And so a legend returned.
So much emotion in your words and singing sometimes, makes me feel good and sometimes even tear up. As silly or nonsensical as a lot of your music seems, it also exudes serious emotion and feeling, it's an amazing crossroads of these two opposites. I love everything you make.
Headphones recommended
He never misses
this video is more than a dream.
Fkn great
The very best of modern art! You're a genius, Bill.
now that bill knows how to do 3d stuff imagine how crazy it’d be if he made another history video
Bill's music just hits different. Its not like top songs or it has consistent enough music and voice. Sometimes it feels lacking but then it hits you. That what it means to, dreammmmmMMMmmmMM
Has Bill been learning Blender?
This slap really hard :o
THE KING IS BACK
THE LEGEND IS BAAAACCKK
Reminds me of Alan Watts - The Dream of Life
I woke up in a Dream stan discord server
YAY NEW SONG
HES BACK
bill.
Translator’s note: the dream is life.
What a chad
he has returned! >:0
So happy to hear you posting again!!!!
I have no idea where this man obtains all this philosophical knowledge. Whenever I listen to his song Im just left there thinking. I wonder what it would be like to have a conversation with him. :/
I called into work today, and now I'm listening to this song. Perfection.
this is a masterpeice. well done bill
What's the point of the mask? Anyways, relaxing visually and musically.
This is my new wake-up alarm yes yes
M us ic
🤌
The 3d fits in so seamlessly, absolutely love your work mate :)
Hey fellow Bill W fans. Isn't great when a new Bill W video lands? Greetings and love from Yorkshire in the North of England xx
I genuinely believe that Bill makes the music video before actually coming up with lyrics. What I imagine is Bill sitting down looking at random shapes and 3D objects floating across the screen and he comes up with the words while watching it.     P.S. At the time of writing this the views on the video are at exactly 666,000 and the comments are at exactly 12,000.
he's alive!
When the world needed him most, *he returned.*
I love it when Bill makes a video about the new world
Nice
What is a dream thats more than a dream? A fever dream? idk
he slep
This one touched my soul
Return of the KING!
yooooooooooo he do be dreaming
banger alert banger alert
why did i cry
Super complex chord structures played over super complex polyrythms, yet the core of it all is just a simple 4/4. It's kind of amazing how well it all fits together.
Omori
Yooooooooooooooooo! Bills back
Bill make a new music for gaming videos and stuff
Nice to see bill wurtz collab with dream
Brilliant
DREAM? LIKE.. MINECRAFT?!
Yay im so happy! I love Bill's music
Omg a new bill video let’s ducking gooo!!
i had a dream to believe to dream about dreaming of dreams of this.
i had a dream to believe to dream about dreaming of dreams of this.
Love you bunches Bill!
He literally dreamed a season for this video. Da effort is beyond your imagination
You only get one chance to experience a new Bill Wurtz song for the first time, and today is that day for me.
this song is beautiful but you just _had_ to make a song about dreaming and include the colours blue and green side by side lmao /lh of course
YES WE NEED THIS
Not sure what to make of the idea that Bill just got even more woke.
AHHHH LOVE THIS
The animation is like a fever dream lmao
Didn't think that his style would translate so good into 3D, but it does. Love it ^^
hmm so true
HES BACK
I'm jealous of your everything.
Has a green screen. Uses an editor to make it appear grey
the legend is back
Today i woke up
why are you awesome
This man reminds me of Wilbur Soot
Bill wurtz's genre of music is: Bill Wurtz
Hell yeah is bill back?
amazing  😃😄🙂🙂
*HE'S ALIVE!*
feels more like you're still asleep to me maybe i just forgot to exist today or something, i'll try harder next time
Before you've seen anything, you can see everything in the dream <3
I feel motivated listening to this. I don't know what I'm motivated to do but I very much am motivated
true [sic]
Do you make this with google translate? 😂
The legend has returned
Never have I been so happy to see ads XD
Bill just uses autocorrect to write his lyrics
Nice, another MV!
after 9 months, i still can’t believe he’s back
bill wurtz should be a genre of music
Bill's music is such a unique style. It feels like a warm hug from an old friend on a cold winter evening.
yup, he learned how to animate in 4d
i love how bill mixed 2d and 3d together
he's back from making music in the primordial soup
Bill's music is mostly just what comes to mind it feels. That's the magic
THUNDER ONLY HAPPENS WHE-oh, okay, sorry
What a Great Dream [Scene].
I've found myself pausing often while watching bill's videos, because I know they sometimes they end abruptly. I'm pausing to check how much time I have left so I don't get my heart broken by an unexpected ending. EDIT: I lost track of time and it happened again:(
Yay new video
the only thing he changed is that he's more 3d now
:)
Nice song but I was wondering if you would do a history of the uk video?
his voice sounds so nice
HES BACK
whats a better conducter carbon fiber or beethoven?
m o r e t h a n a d r e a m
Records himself in front of a greenscreen, only thing he does with it is color it grey. What a chad.
Please remake history of japan
The irony of watching this at 3 in the morning is not lost on me.
Genuinely think that this video explains the way Bill dreams. That whatever passes through his mind when he dreams is what he creates for these vids
When the world needed him most... he returned
I literally just woke up in a dream, moreso a nightmare. A nightmare for a film that has yet to be made.
these were the longest 3 mninutes and 41 seconds of my life and I enjoyed every single milisecond
oh sh*t he's bacc
Not even gonna ask at this point xD
The creativity in the design that goes to each word of the song really impresses me
Yes
Dream? The creator of minecraft?
If ADHD was a music video
Wow. Inception at its finest.
Who the heck is jeaney collects
No matter how long between an upload, I always have faith that Bill will make another video eventually. And I’m never wrong nor disappointed
pog
OMG this is deviously complex... I f*cking love this 💚
this is my favourite bill wurtz song now
He`s back! Yay
Frickin awesome
YOOO HE BE BACK!!!
wow
Today I woke up too
FINALLY HE POSTS
Nice Song! I'm confused by the video though 😉
What's your dream ?
This was a fukin' banger!
I’ve been subbed since he posted Entire History of the World
You can make a religion out of this !
His music is just such a bop. Thank you for your music and animations!
I was HERE boys...
moral of the story: believe in your dreams
Another legit bill banger
All of Bill's lyrics are basically a bunch of incomplete thoughts that-
Such a dreamer
Two days ago, I saw a video whose thumbnail was SO Bill Wurtz that I thought a new song had dropped. Today, my dream came true when the algorithm finally got around to showing me this. It's always a good day when these happy, loopy, mind-bending and musically complex ditties come out.
The king has returned0
This absolutely slaps
but this is actually inspiring
Another good song!
big man bill
pollo👍
Good song
I love this it makes my want to un fall from that building
Yay your back! :)
please god, let bill wurtz make some 'how to make music like bill wirtz' videos
I'm glad you woke up
Huh I wonder why the dream theme? was there anything dream related that happened recently?…     WAIT… D-Dream?
Pure serotonin
YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
I loved Money! now these one seems to be pretty good too!
Mmm sure but like it can be nice to see the dream is just a dream at the same time ya know otherwise ya get so caught up in it you forget to enjoy the experience of the dream
dream got a bf?
bill this is your favorite somg of mind yet.
if you don’t understand this yet, you will someday
New video hell ye
sometimes
3:12 Roblox moment
"The Best Dreams Will Be Dreamed Again." This is actually true... when i dreamt about me being a wizard (also that dream felt like 24 hours xD) i dreamt it again and the dream acted like it was an continuation.  wow ur actually spittin fax Bill.
Is this on spotify?
A masterpiece as always
I, too, woke up today
Ok then, new favorite.
Me who dreamed last night that I was almost stabbed to death by an insane serial killer, and nobody cared *"I don't wanna believe in my dreams bill"*
How did it take YouTube two whole days to recommend this to me?
LETS GOOOOOO
I keep forgetting Bill learned 3d animation and it always throws me for a loop
i don’t know how you do it but goddamn it you do it so good
YESSSS YOU CAME BACK!!!!
weird that this came out after i had such a weird and vivid dream
Thank you. I needed this <3
I actually thought he was gone again for a second
A Blessing from the lord! I kinda wish we got more videos like his older stuff tho.
Sound like a potential disney song😳
this guy is just like Julia.
I've been noticing recently that Bill's music takes a few days between uploading to major platforms and the same song becoming available on his website. Maybe it's an embargo imposed by said platforms, I don't know.
Bill's videos come at any point and they are random and chill
nm just receiving divine wisdom from a bill wurtz music video again wbu?
But he came back!
We love u bill
Niceee
The Legend Returns
If i ever be famous 1 day, and interviewed, who is my favorite musician, i would say bill wurtz for sure
hes back
At first I thought it's gonna be some Dream-tier music video. Then things started hitting home.
dream stan spotted.
this happened on earth
I love bill wurtz content. It’s unmatchable
I feel like every song is so different but all the same, each one feels as meaningful as it feels meaningless
your songs make me feel like i just fused with the aurora borealis. I feel amazing.
wth he just uploaded am i dreaming?  this is rare. how
i dreamt i was the duck in the duck song.                         got any grapes? (*waddles away)
"I don't remember this name. Why did I subscribe to this channel?" -Watches video "Oh, that's why. Past me has good judgement."
600K views with 100K likes? AMAZING YOU DESERVE IT
when we needed him the most HE CAME BACK
legend
Your music is like a dream, I wish it would fill my dreams
Dreamsk
Chaotic Evil : Schizoposting  Chaotic Good : Billwurtzposting
0:08 what if this was the score for inception
Collaborate with Jacob collier
Welcome back Bill ^^
God i love your website.
Bill needs to write a theme for Pixar
D re am sm ak es en se
in a D~r~e~a~m
More than a dream? Well I'm glad it is!
This is his 420th video
Animation is awesome
this looks like a fever dream
Just got an urge to check for a new vid from bill. I’m subbed, but missed this. Hell yeah!!
This content is like a mixture of tubbos personality and willbers music taste
*Dream liked this video*
This whole channel is like a fever dream in side a fever dream but if it was caused by overdosing on Doritos dust which is also a dream while in a coma
makes sense that a sixth of the view count is the amount of the likes of this video also great music and great visual stuff things
Yay! The 2D and 3D are melding
This gives me weird Phill Colins Tarzan vibes
phil collins/ peter gabriel vibes
Good content!
*Legends Say That If You Watch This Video You Will Have A Dream Tonight.*
damn, the video is loopable
when the world needed him most, he returned.
I love how he sings like he trying to reach the word count in an essay
Yes, I get Bill. More than a dream, indeed. The universe smiles upon us.
THE MUSICALITY you never fail to amaze me  almost shit my pants ran outside and kissed my neighbor when i got this notif
someone should make a video with a counter of how many times he said dream
The level at which this song is at..... Seriously surpassing some of my favorite artists I've admired for years. Well done! Really captures ~~*it*~~
Amazing as always 👏👏👏
Would love to see the videos of him playing bass as part of the video. Very cool
This song sounds so smooth and natural you wouldn’t believe it’s in 7/4 time
Nobody: Furries on the internet: 3:18
I love how his songs or just so random
Dreams can and do come true to all people as long as they believe in the dream that can be achieved by the hard work that is payed to make the dream come true. Every day the universe rolls the dice and decides what to do with you based on what your dreams are. My dream is to become a musician just like bill.
You guys gotta admit. Bill’s really got it in him. His music is its own genre
I love the new 3d animations, adding a whole new dimension to the drug trips that are bill wurtz music videos
Sounds great as always 👍
whoa bill wurtz makes a video
This lowkey slaps
sir?
I was just looking at your channel like a week ago wondering if a new video would come out soon
Thank you.
The king has returned
* insert funny minecraft music *
I swear bill just opens AI Dungeon and starts signing what comes up
We could make a religion out of this.
It's time to awaken
anyone else get jacob collier vibes at 1:02
Another masterpiece!
420 videos total now
I mean this in the best possible way: Bill Wurtz songs are like the wacky bizarre songs they had on the PBS Kids show Between the Lions, but like internetified
why can i hear ben platt singing this shit
Me watching: Woah, this is sus, there's no chaos in the lyrics! Me at 2:07 - 2:27 : oh, there it is xD  But jokes aside, I love it xD
He’s back
It’s unfortunate that the main 2 colours in this video or green and blue. And it’s more unfortunate that most people that clicked on this video because of that might not know who Bill Wurtz is
come back
Man, whenever you upload we all get good dreams
The lord HAS'TH returned
I swear every time I listen to a new song by Bill I go "OOH" in a very excited way in the first 15 seconds. Such funky fresh style.
brilliant
Why does this remind me if the lion king? 😂
Holy crap those visuals were amazing! I was hooked that whole time. Such an awesome song too
I don't understand this at all but I love it
Day two of listening to more than a dream for a year
Bill Wurtz I love how your music remains my peak aesthetic and what I see in my fever dreams
Oh you’re still alive! Congrats ☺️
Today, I woke up too
bill wurtz x jacob collier when
As much i love Bill went to 3d mode im already missing 2d
the feelings i feel listening to bill's music and seeing his videos are so pure and joyful, and i don't understand so much about them, that i wanna feel them again and again
It’s so worth the wait for this music, take as much time as you need in between songs
This is a dream since your back
i watched this the day before i went back to face to face learning, it filled me with hope, thank you
almost nothing makes me happier than checking my phone and seeing bill uploaded again
BILL IS BACK AGAIN :DDDDDD
He returns
I think the jump to 3D has made bill wurtz’s already unique visual style even more vibrant and strange
+
The return of the king
HES BACK!
I feel like I understood and digested every single word of this song and yet none of it. It all made sense and yet it was all dream nonsense. It is perfect.
My 3 month old son loved this
Ok is this channel just going to be only music now? Why not more of the thing that got you popular in the first place?
It’s such a blessing Bill exist
Another king of bangers in Bill Wurtz's growing court of king bangers
Love your vids Bill.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I DIDNT GET THE NOTIFICATION OMG IM TWO DAYS LATE BUT OMG HIIII
Hello
:O
Love your content !!!!
i love you and i missed you
bill I just ate 43.5 apples (couldn't finish the last one)
I love Bill's videos soo much, the combination of goof and great music is perfect
Here's hoping we get an updated version of the history of the entire world.
Did he just do a face reveal *What the-*
Bill is starting to become less of a meme and more a musical artist
The legend is back
Thought you quit , PLEASE DONT (banger btw)
This is a banger good job Bill
Seeing that "(true)sic" put such a wide smile on my face
HES BACK
Bill needs to be the artistic/music director of  a video game, I would like to buy and play that game
man it has alot of opprotunity to go off hard but it never does  could be a meaning behind it but either way its still ok
I'm glad we woke up today
Still the good music but now we have 3D but I still like the boxes with words better
How did I miss this?
I saw this and though “oh cool bill wurtz” until I realized it came out yesterday and went into shock.
Restock your t-shirts my guy
Catchy!
am i the only one who’d love to see bill perform live?
HEY ANOTHER VIDEO WOOHOOO YESSS
He actually made a new video
death grips - government plate type video
very cool
HE'S BACK AFTER 6 MONTHS😭😭😭
Love this one. Compositionally a bit more restrained. Thanks Bill, keep 'em coming!
Hmm, not his best work. Usually, the lines are pretty good, but this time all I could hear was "Dream"
That word list is something
bill wurtz, this IS amazing
we need a live performance in like 5 years of these songs
The only reason I'm on YouTube
have you ever had a dream that you, um, you had, your, you- you could, you'll do, you- you wants, you could do so, you- you'll do, you could- you, you want, you want him to do you so much you could do anything?
Hearing Bill's music makes me feel like when I did when I was a little kid and saw cool cities in Disney movies.  Hard to describe, but that's the best way I can word it.
I like it better than your other one no not that one
https://youtu.be/Jh5AgbfEvjc
more than a dream ye right my dreams are fucking insane
THIS SLAPS
And this masterpeace looks a to me like adhd persons mind
After 3 years , a new video :)
I was gonna talk about my sad shit but then i remembered people will read it and be sad so instead if you are reading this thanks and have a wonderful day/night week year's and life
Wait it’s been 6 months
bill wurtz
You're too slow.
eyyy u r alive
Another banger from Bill Wurtz!
strong peter gabriel vibes. love it
AYO WHAT?! BILL WURTZ IS BACK!!!!!
Your back
He's back fellas!!!!
always delighted by new uploads, thank you for providing the good stuff
ughhhh the key change.. i am happy.
me who thought that this is a video about dnf coz of the thumbnail
The true[sic] got me because the sic means that there was an author or editorial error 🤯
Return of the king.
Thank god you're back
This may be the longest time Bill has stayed on one topic
High *q u a l i t y*
I have an essay to write and I was like “lemme put on some bill wurtz to motivate myself, wonder if he’s uploaded anything new…” and I was not disappointed
Niiice
Ty bill for give me serotonin... When u upload ur vids, u always make my day! Keep up ur work! :>
This is more than a music!
I LOVE BILL WURTZ!! 🤩💖
Wait, Bill is back!?
Don't believe in yourself. Believe in the me that believes in you
More than a dream: New video of history
We missed you
Go back to making history videos. I suspect you resent them for being a side-off thing that took off, and now consider them beneath you, and not defining what you make; but come on. Public demand does not mean it's lowest common denominator. And as much as your songs are fun, they are not your history-video-fun.  You've struck a gold vein, but in fear of overmining, you just opened a lemonade stand instead after just two strikes of the pickaxe. You've had two major hits, and decide to change the genre to avoid a dreaded "best of" DVD. You've climbed partway up the Everest, and then decided to turn around in fear of falling. Going back to history videos wouldn't be a cowardly retreat into what the public demands. It'd be doing what you are really good at, just learn to take the compliments. And even if they do get samey and repetitive, you've still got your songs.
the king has uploaded again
when everyone needed him, he came back.
That man and his hat tho
THIS DAY CANT GET ANY BETTER HOLY MOLY!
I saw the video. Title: Dream. Thumbnail: Green and Blue I clicked on the video.
Me, who lucid dreams ._.
Thank
yes
If you reach a little bit, you could basically say this song sums up Dom's character arc in "Inception"
1:33 - 1:47 this one hits hard on me
He’s back!
The lyrics to Bill's music are like modern day poems. No one really understands them, but they sound super deep and meaningful.
OMG NEW BILL WURTZ UPLOAD
jeez, wouldn’t this be.
I like this and I don't know why
Bill will always be on trending when he uploads
#dream
It would be so fun if you uploaded a video that is similar history of the entire world i guess
The best 420th vid from the legend himself
the return of the king
You could make a religion out of this
Fucking hell yes
Holy shit another video :O
Can't wait for The history of the whole world i guess part 2 lol
HE UPLAODEDDDDDD AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Click to ascend to heaven: 1:48
This persons music is something I can’t properly describe with words, but can feel and understand clearly
All of us have broken Gods moral law the Ten Commandments we are guilty before God but two thousand years ago God sent his son to die for our sins in a court of law if your guilty and someone pays your fine your free to go that’s why before Jesus died he said it is finished the debt of mankind has been payed for put your trust in the saviour now and repent of your sins.❤️
Nice
I ALWAYS LOVE HIS MUSIC WHY DIDNT I SEE THIS SOONER AAAAAAHHHH DURBDEB
Bill: dreams can be much better that everything supposed to be  Me: having a dream about my family trying to murder me after checking da clock and had trypophobia holes on my leg and couldn't wake myself up until da alarm went out
Awww..... this is nice.... tho i hope i got history of dream before play the vid 🤭🤭🤭
Love it!
Am I the only one that tearing up?
he came back when the world needed him the most o7
HE'S BACK!
Master, you returned!
Once we need him most he returned
he look so different now compered to  la de da di de
I wear a mask with a smile for hours in a time
Wow - a Steven Furtick sermon
i am awake and i am alive
https://youtube.com/shorts/dUW0vW87bDE?feature=share
https://youtube.com/shorts/dUW0vW87bDE?feature=share
The most iconic channel on YouTube.
Its all so vague and broad. That's what makes it feel relatable
every bill wirtz upload is a gift.
Bill wurtz makes a "music video" Poggle poggle poggle poggle poggle poggle poggle poggle poggle pog.
bill wurtz is fucking fantastic
"turnt"
If you feel useless, just remember that Bill has less total views than -HowToBasic- egg thrower (no hate on HTB tho, his egg throwing videos are funi)
My  guy.... My friend just died in front of me on Saturday... When I tell you I'm in tears right now 😭😭😭 thank you. That's all I have to say to you. Thank you 😌
This tune just makes me so in ease, thanks for creating such great stuff!!
Bruh
This video changed the course of my entire day for the better.
now this is the shit that you watch when you're stoned
I think Bill was dreaming for 6 months. Great song!!!!!!!
He is back
2:32 "the sun is a deadly Lazer"
Honestly all of Bill's videos feel like a fever dream-
Done it again .
looo l
bill is weirdly able to make my day in a weird way
Bill wurtz probably takes so long to release music because he has to come up with every line during a stroke
Bill Wurtz scats in full sentences
I have no idea what goes on in half his videos and yet I feel like I know everything
:0 3D animation i love it✨♥️
Bill’s songs are abstract paintings in art form
What is this? 2:00
So, Spotify?
Me and my friend are obsessed with your history of the world video😂
Speedrun
Well he finally remembered his youtube account password.
Today I dreamed that I went to mit on a school trip and was given a bag of coins that had a word search on the back that would let me use the coins in a special vending machine but before I could solve it the made me leave and I begged a woman to take me back to the machine but the the tour guide started chasing me and I saw some kids in a vending machine and then she put me in a vending machine and baby Yoda came and got some strawberry puffs and because there always has to be an even ratio in vending machines I was also dumped out and then he helped me get to the vending machine and finish the word search and when I finished the word search I was in front of a tv and the tour guide caught me but I saw a picture of Fran fine  come up on the tv and her laugh was playing through the hall and then a person dressed like the onceler came down the elevator and told me Fran fine riled the Disney empire and had chosen me to be second in line
Bill wurtz  Uploads EVERYONES HAPPY.
most ppl: make a big deal out of face reveals bill wurtz: casually shows his face without making a big deal
Every new song from Bill seems to be bursting with creativity and this one is just so sweetly optimistic that a smile grows on your face the whole time. Always well worth the wait seeing how much care and work goes into these videos
The phrasing in this song is interesting, I can't find a time signature, specifically in the chorus! Haha
Dream stans: wait what
Niceeee i misssss u brrrroooi
"all the best dreams will be dreamed again" really hit hard for me and idk why
you have made my entire month :D
I don’t know what genre you’re music would fall into, but I think it’d be a new genre called “calming confusion”
Music category: Bill wurtz
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
Bill Wurtz's new videos always makes people joyful.
Tes
Wait whos is this guy why youtube recommended this to me and why  I like it???
He has hit 420 videos
Today is a beautiful day as Bill Uploaded
yess
Congrats Bill!  You've improved your 3D work to the point this video feels like you again.  Keep up the good work and stay healthy and happy for all of us!
Alright, this needs a screamer/gospel choir backing track.
this seriously hit for me. thank you bill :)
Video is only one day old and there is already 11K comments
Its like a phil collins precursor
I love this
My dream is to listen to his songs everyday for eternity.
I like to imagine 200 years in the future people teaching about bill wurtz in history and music lessons like how we do with Beethoven and Mozart
This is the democratic party platform lol
He hath reutrned when the world needed him most
love you`re vids bro
Bill makes the weirdest, yet most entertaining videos ever
He is a god taunting us with the pinnacle of music
Can you Imagine if somehow Bill Wurtz somehow work together with Porter Robinson?  That's more than a dream.
:O
Hey Bill, you should collab with Jacob Collier to make a history of music…  i guess
Godly
so great to hear from you and see you again! i swear your page is always like an old friend returning to town to sit for a spell, thanks!
:)
Every time bill uploads a full length song like this, the tune, the words, the visuals, everything about it always makes me feel so strangely optimistic. It makes me smile and reminds me to keep on looking for brighter days. I can’t really explain it. Honestly one of my favorite creators ever
*centuries of established western music theory*  Bill Wurtz: Hey what’s that you guys got over there?
I don't understand this
beautiful
It's funny hoe the lyrics really make sense at one moment but at the same time they don't.
I love how he ended the song with "today I woke up" as if the whole song was a dream.
your back again
If bill colabs with Bo Burnham i will die
**Sniffs**   him learning 3d is the best character arc and investment for this world. Ever.
Whenever you upload a video, my happiness increases dramatically.
Bill I'm too high for this rn
Bill Wurtz videos make me feel like I'm having a very exciting cheerful stroke.
Man, I thought you quit, but you came back
truly there is no one like you. And we be out here complimenting you instead of the specifics of videos because responding to this type of content is so difficult. Like how do you find the words? But oh my gosh thank you for it though.
*:D*
Masterpiece
me when i wake up after a weird dream and dont remember who i am or what reality is
My god this is amazing
Bro, I check your channel every week and you finally uploaded again after months.
The *legend* has returned
blessed
I would totally believe that bill wurtz is the protagonist of a movie and that he could just go out into a busy city, break out into song, and everything would silence itself and an accompanying instrumental track/backup vocals would just join in on whatever topic or words bill is singing
Holy shit, finally
The perennial prodigy
Wow. This is amazing
Congradz ur 420th video
He hit the 420 videos now.
“getting a good nights sleep” as i listen to this at like 1am
This will be my wedding song
HES BACK
this is so unique and good
@Dream
A day late, but here goes nothing Day one of listening to more than a dream for a year
I'm vaxxed.  But NO ONE should be forced to be vaccinated.  That's just not what civilized people do.  We persuade, instead.
Next up: The Entire History Of The World I Guess in 3D
art cannot be rushed, so take your time big man, and thank you for another amazing song ❤️❤️❤️
So good to see Bill making music again
1:28 <I warned you about the STAIRS MAN>
so this is what the point of the mask is
thank you bill i love you bill
I challenge anyone to edit Dream into this every time the word dream is scene in this song.
Its back! Yay!
3:04 my japanese dream
I have been listening to this for 2 hours.
I don’t understand a word but I also feel like I get it on a deep level at the same time
Wake up honey, new Bill Wurtz single just dropped
Hey idk if you will see this bill, but you have really helped me right know and I am really thankful for you music, I can’t wait for more to come.
Me: My dream: Bill Wurtz: Subscribers: More than Dream
nice music
So if bill uses 3d is vr the next step?
bill wurtz is like what Floop from Spy Kids would be if he lived in real life.
Fire
Real life: eh My dream:
This gives me wall-e end credit vibes
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
dude, this rocks.
BILL IS A HEALTHY LAZER
Holy shit he still makes music
I just wish my dreams were half as good as this.
The way this video uses color wil be taught in art schools  The  way this song uses key changes will be taught in music schools  I just wanted to point out this is Bill's 420th video. Proud of ya man! Instant classic right here!
this makes me happy :)
I’m so happy you’re back
:]
So good, its so unique, I haven't heard any music like it
what hears your dreams !
Did bill write a video about a minecraft youtuber or is this a *dream*
He left He came back He left He came back  Poetry at its finest
THE VISUALS ARE SO COOL AAA im in love every time you uploadd 💙
Go off, king
TODAY IS A GOOD DAY!
How can anyone not like Bill's music, astounds me every time.
It’s a good month when Bill Wurtz uploads
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I dreamed you uploaded a new song, and you did! About dreams!!
Finally he upload
what a genius
What do you want to do today? Me:I want to... Dream of what I'm dreaming of with dlerp
thank you bill i will watch out for that traffic drum when i wake up
curious george song energy
Bill is like an AI constantly making better and better music
Still waiting for my day to be turnt
When bill upload a new video 0:53
Crazy how people only care once you are gone
No wonder it took so long for him to upload again! This is good work as always!
:) hap
i love this man... no homo. amazing music.
I almost forgot to watch this masterpiece. If its from Bill Wurtz, there's no doubt it's gonna be a banger
I just had a really good kiwi and then I listened to this song. It’s been a good day.
so GUd
Your not DEAD?!?!!??
I think the reason Bill left yt for a while was to learn 3D animation, because his new videos use that instead of the 2D animations. Although it's the same style.
This is the best music ive ever heard!
I've missed this
I feel like a dude from the 1700s listening to todays music
THE CHAMP IS BACK
This happened to my buddy Eric
i thpught you were dead! this is a miracale!
My god he uploaded
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Good vibes
I just watched Violet Evergarden the movie and my heart has been severely broken so thank you for uploading 👍
When the world needed him, HE DELIVERED
i got very excited when i saw this in my recommendations
He has returned
pog new bill wurtz video
So weird. The only video he didn't post on a Monday.
YES YES YEA YES Y
Wtf
this was so good ;-; kinda makes wanna cry.
Thanks for this bill! #neededit
Had a bad day today. Starting to feel better. Thanks Bill.
Come on more history videos!!!
A new video, YES!
Bill hath arrived
There's a handful of creators with such prestige and production value whose videos will make me _inhale_   in suspense before watching
where are the views
bill is back the return of the king
great to see new content! thank you for the upload. Remembers me of Jacob Collier : D
This was exactly what I needed
Ah I love
YOOOOOOO BILL WIRTZ CONTENT
perfectly encapsulated what my dreams are like
Love how it's 2D and 3D.
I cried. Life is actually a beautifully constructed dream. And is probably the best thing that happened to you and me.
M
A
E
D
I struggle to find words to describe bill's videos other than "they just make me feel happier and good." I think that's part of the charm. It's concentrated good vibe juice.
A
I wonder which takes more time; writing the song or animating the video.
A
T
E
O
M
1:45 defies all laws of gravity
Let’s goooo bills happy know
Hey bill can you tell my why in my dreams I have had a wasp stung me in multiple dreams (I have never been stung)
1:38 dancing blender man
Country: why are you invading  USA: 1:32  (actually for oil btw)
Bill is the best
1:12 house gets flattened
Bill's lyrics feel like when I say something random and then say "ooh, that rhymed!". In a good way.  Glad to see you back, Bill : 3
Finally your back
HES ALIVE
Does this song actually make more sense than any of his other ones, or am I just going insane?
🎶Bill Wurtz tinkers with the hertz to give us all spurts of joy until our smile hurts
THE LEGEND IS BACK GUYS
I feel like I heard this before, in a dream
thank you
THE KING HAS RETURNED
WOOOOO! New song
woke up and chose The Truth
When the bard and warlock team up to sing about the warlock’s backstory
Feels like i'm dreaming
More than a dream: Bill posts a new history lesson
I love you
HE'S ALIVE
What’s the difference between Dream and Bill wurtz? Bill makes good music (and he’s better)
Hey Bill! Are you ok? I like it. Just checking in
HE LIVES
*YOOO NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEO
The only thing more than a dream is bill uploading new videos
i can picture this in a adam sandler romcom
the improved dream song
i think i love you
Love this man
HE BACC
Give this guy a grammy. The visuals are excellent, but the music is as charming as can be.
i love you bill
That was so much fun to listen to
Need me a metal cover of this
Literally the most talented man on YouTube
This man is a legend.
HEY THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL YOU'VE DONE AND ALL YOU CONTINUE TO DO, MR. WURTZ
You are a bardic inspiration.
just  remember that 80+ million American's voted for Biden  now lets all laugh at America
Well this is the sailor moon Supers closing theme
I'm ready for pilotwings 64
Hoooooooly—
It’s been so long since we have seen him
I love Bill's songs so much. His way of using not only music but also language is so creative and refreshing!
*I had a dream when I dreamed where I was dreaming about dreams that turned out to be a dream I was dreaming of dreaming of the dreams that I dream for my dreams*
Thank you
Can't wait until this dude discovers physics simulations
Bill Wurtz is your favorite Youtuber's favorite Youtuber
YOURE ALIVE
<3
And when the world needed him most he returned
Bill's videos always leaves me with the feeling that I've just absorbed an entire book's worth of story, didn't understand a word of it, and still loved it enough to buy the sequel.
This whole video is flying cereal
He's back after 6 months!
the legend has returned
BANGER.
I feel clean now.
when we needed him most, the master returned
Aww he woke up
AHHHHHH HES UPLOADING
A Bill Wurtz upload is always a special occasion
Wow that's actually very comprehensive
Thank you for another blessing, billiam
I was just thinking yesterday about how we hadn't been blessed with another Bill video in a while... Then this popped up. <3
This is a dream
dnf thumbnail with the title containing dream = a whole fandom summoned
You uploading is always a dream come true
The WHAT
i'm a bit late but congrats on 5m bill
omh my bill wurtz is alive
Hi mr. Music man i like your music it is delicious to hear
Make a Dokumentation about Germany that your best Videos 😂
YES! I was so excited when I saw that you posted a new video ^_^ <3
Thanks Bill.
yes we almost have 4d animation with us.
bill wurtz is so good at visualizing what his music sounds like
YEEAHH!!!!!
this song slaps so hard
You rock Bill!
:O
The man is back, yay 😁
Bill is mega genious or he used some yummi leafs
Bill is my favorite music artist
This remembers me to when i feel singer and sing about the first thing that comes to my mind, just that this is actually incredible and well done (and let's not even talk about the animations, beacause, wow! I couldn't even explain how awesome they are) 💕✨
Sounds like he mashed the suggested words on a phone and made a song out of it.
Make more ”the history of” videos
this feel like taking drugs
god this is the best one yet
I SWEAR TO GOD WHEN I SAW THIS I AUDIBLY GASPED
banger
OMG CELEBRATE BILL UPLOADED!!!!!!!
When bill uploads video
Bill’s songs are better than anything is supposed to be
i feel that you and bo burnam would get along
This is art holy hell
How does he not have 10 mil yet smh he deserves it
Wow.
the man finally uploads
3:20 owo
Another masterpiece bill.
The song's really nice like always, but the title gave me a little ptsd after having played a little game that came out not too long ago
Seeming
hes finally back
3:19 owo
A lot more details in his recent videos.
*I think the dream can be.*
HE REMEMBERED HIS PASSWORD, BOYS AND GIRLS!
YOU AINT DEAD AAÀÁÂÄÆÃÆÅĀĀÆAA
HELKolk,.
dreaming in dreams about dreams
Just fckn wholesome.
Bill Wurtz invented a whole new musical genre, and it's so complicated that we didn't named it yet.
i saw the dream, and the dream saw us back
bill wurtz is the only truly unique content on YouTube.
hööps
It was worth waiting 6 months
You’re back!!!
I just saw that Bill posted a video and it made my day
This song about dreams is better than the dream song about dream
I. Love. This
whoa
wait i swear bill wurtz had like 1 mil subs not too long ago-
ur back 😄
How do I explain to people why this video makes me cry?
Once again a piece of Perfekt Art
Huh? What?? Huh? When? When was this?
What the Hell is this? Who the Hell are you? Why the Hell are you in my recommended?
the real question is, what did bill dream about?
so what is he trying to predict now
Bill Wurtz the history posted another Chinese immortal dust banger
The legend is back!! :O
*the return of our king*
thanks bill, very cool
nice chairs
Me : Sees Bill Wurtz upload Also Me : WATCHWATCHWATCHWATCH
Do more history of countries videos
weird vibe cause i've been having a lot of bad dreams lately
does anyone find it annoying when you wake up from a really good dream and immediately forget it
Bill Wurts : more than a dream Me : *This song is so great it have to be a dream right now.*
*W o w .*
There sure is a lot of verified people here huh?
Thank you sir, may I have another!
this has made my day a bit better. Thank you Bill
YES
Contender for song of the year
This has to be some of the hardest music to play Live
Glad to hear more of your music, keep up the great work.
Yooo! He's not dead. Let's gooo!
Those songs are getting better and better
:)
Good job bill you out did yourself once more
Plot twist: the dream was a nightmare
Love this one!
Yes
Working on a parody   More then a meme
Jeff
Quality still rising
|The best 3 minutes of my day.
I was here
I love this so much and its relatable for some reasons
YES HE IS BACK. THIS IS THE BEST DREAM!
so vague but so specific
God a has returned and he has spoken
This is inspiring! A new Bill Wurtz video always makes my day better
i luv u
y'back
I love this man's mind
The King has returned.
Such a vibe
i dreamed of dreaming a dream.
this is advice
Bill's music is so unique that no one can copy It to perfection
I'm seriously loving this new animation.
this is beautiful
Congrats on the 27 on trending
When something goes on trending and all the youtubers trys to get some attention lol: slsmusic timesbuck dam ect..
Really liking the blend of 2D and 3D! Makes for a reallly interesting dynamic within the song.
Absolute banger.
Its like Bill wants to make guilty pleasure songs, but iTS WORKING HOLY COW THIS IS GOOD!!!! Like I'm not even sure I'm necessarily guilty... Its amazing <3
more than a heaven more than a dream more than just sleep on the first day of your holiday because bill wurtz uploaded
Today's gonna be a good day
😳 cracked at music
This could be the Dream SMP theme song? ay?
before 1m views ticket costs 1 like
HE'S BACK!!!!
LETS GOOOO
Yay another upload
dream.
yay
This is why it took him 6 months, he was making a song and 3d models. I thought he was dead
The return of the king
Same bro
L
Eat your cereal
welp.. looks like it’s about time to watch History of the World, I Guess again brb
The best dream is always More Bill Wurtz Quality Content™️  and oh look it's just come true :')
i hope the dream wasnt a nightmare lol
Had a bad day and now I see this upload.. Thank you man
I am so glad bill exists
I was asleep when Bill uploaded this.  Or was I dreaming?  Am I dreaming now?
HES BACK HOLY SHIT
The legend has returned
I wouldn't mind a lot of short random videos at this point...
I love your music!
Today's episode of Bill Wurtz is brought to you today by the letter: *W* ! [ *Wurtz 3D model spins* ]
I still can't get over how well Bill's style transitioned to 3D.
Thank you.
what on earth did I just watch
This is why you never lose faith people
im not really sure what this guys trying to say
You've always seemed like the real life equivalent of the character Jevil from Deltarune to me.
And when the world needed him most, he vanish- oh there he is.
"today i woke up" and everyone's day is made.
More than a dream 😴 = nightmare ☠
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH  *screams at Bill*
welp see yall in six months
:)
My day just went 1000x better
so inspirational
Thank you
He finally uploaded
dream come true
Yay
HE'S BACK BABYYYYYY
Is Bill getting into the lo-fi study music game?
I’d pay good money to see a collab between Bill and Jack Stauber, that’s my dream
This is probably the most uplifting Bull Wurtz video.
not funny didnt laugh
Goodmorning Mr. Wurtz
This video was so fun haha !
Yooooooo
Yessssss!!!
turnt
this animation is so good. taking that break worked
this is what happens when you forget to shave your piano
Return of the King
2:14 “I just found a better way” and shows the Anarcho-Pacifist flag. Bill is officially a comrade 🏴🏳️✊🏻
420th video 👏👏👏
Great song bill, I must admit, I danced to it
Since Bill started to use 3D, you could say his videos got to another dimension
Another wonderful song from Bill Wurtz!! My dreams have came true!
Wonderful :D
we love you Bill <3
All lyric videos should be done this way 👍
we *could* make a religion out of this
Meter overview! Holy buckets, it changes a lot!  V1 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 6 V2 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 7 C1 2 4 2 4 4 4 4 4 4 C2 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 V3 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 8 (I see what you did there) C1 2 4 2 4 4 4 4 4 4 C2 (key change) 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 V4 3 4 3 4 3 4 3 4 New material 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Time continues in the transition (!) 2 4 2 Ending 4 4 4 4 4 4 Ending C2 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
Bill makes me happy. Be like bill.
this would fit prefecly in the road to eldorado soundtrack
all jokes  aside This is the best song ever
Man this is gro soovy
We missed your videos.
Holy 3d heck
Every day is: turnt
You cannot contest that this song is better than most of the pop songs that came out in the last 2 years
"Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot.” Niel Gaiman
It‘s more than a dream when bill wurtz uploads
Wait, an upload?! I'm actually dreaming.
interesting
commenting so that i hope more people can see this video
Yes!!
Yay
His music feels like I'm high but in a good way
*_rising heartbeat_*
Does anyone else find the lyrics of this song sad instead of happy? It makes me think of someone who's spending his whole life detached from reality, living in a "dream" fantasizing about what things would be like if life were better for them. The song has a happy tone but it hides something very depressing (maybe), just like someone might dream and fantasize about being happy but the truth is they're depressed and hate reality.  I might be looking too deep into it, the message could be "dreaming is cool, don't be afraid to dream" which is a positive message
Bill dreamed so much that many dreams about he dreaming while in the dreams and decided to create a masterpiece instantly
I like how a while ago Bill implied he was going to quit making videos just so he could have a while to learn how to make 3D animations without everyone pestering him for new stuff.
a bill wurtz upload?!? yEs finAlly!
HOLY SHIT HES BACK
3:18 owo
please make more wierd videos i like them
1:29 so you weren't chaotic all these years?
The legend himself has returned
Gosh, how does this man crank out so many songs that are pure concentrated moods?
Return of the king
Eagerly awaiting the Charles Cornell breakdown
Today was a great day, went to school in a happy mood cuz i arrived earlier than usual, i missed double maths, i went to see blood brothers at a theatre and now i come home to Bill Wurtz releasing a new cool song.
When you learn it's possible to control your dreams: **laughs in lucid dream**
If it's more than a dream, is it reality? If it's reality because it's more than a dream does it mean reality is a dream but better? Does it mean Im...no... WE are not real? .........................
A Bill Wurtz video.....? A THREE MINUTE Bill Wurtz video???????!!
I thought this day couldn't be any better... and I saw Bill uploaded a new song
These songs never fail to brighten up my week. Thank you bill ☺️
Thank you for this Bill. I actually had tears in my eyes and feel this is a message from the universe that my dreams will come true.
Sometimes I’m sad but then I get to watch something like a Bill video (or better yet a real Bill video) and then I am not sad
Okay see you next year bill
OMG This is my best birthday gift EVERRRRRrr
FYI: Bill doesn't read comments because of the number of trolls in youtube comments. If you want to interact with him go to his website in the description
There is an rush of happy in my brain when Bill posts.
Keep being unique!
first thing to see after a good smoke
Someone: listening to Bill Wurtz "I wonder what deep meaning I'll find in his music videos"  Bill: "lol MS Paint and blender go brrrr"
I thought I lost you
I’m excited
I am not sure what these Videos want to tell me
ya know, I have always thought that as much as Bill’s songs seem like nonsense, this really spoke to me about what it’s been like to Exist in the past two years without even getting close to mentioning the words “pandemic” or “covid” etc etc and it was extremely comforting also  thanks for this sweet jam xoxo
Bill woke up and chose dream     And I ain't complaining
I found the OwO. All jokes aside this is art in music form
Yeeeeee bill new upload
Absolute gold we thank you very much
He's Back!
* bill wurtz vid shows up * me: ok cool * 20 hours ago * me: THE LEGEND IS BACKK!!!!
yes
I slept to this song and had a dream
More than a dream more like a fever dream
but he came back
bill wurtz uploaded a new video?!?! this is cool
This song made my ears feel like flowers were blossoming out of them. 💐
legendary
Evil bill be like: I upload videos
And I thought I would have a bad
is this true??? bill finally uploads???
Me after reading sandman:
The best thing about this song is it's originality. Not at all trying hard to be trendy or "cool".
Didn't knew this guy was still making videos.
love it!
today i had a very strange dream that id rather not talk about
this is genuinely so beautiful
I feel like there’s a meaning behind these songs and I want to know the meaning.
When he said that dreamed made sense and that the best dreams will be dreamed again it hit hard.
POG
This is an unambiguous bop
Thanks, Bill.
Running out of things to say at this point, your music feels like warm light flowing down my ears straight into my brain. Strangely tingly.
banger
more than a dream he says, my eyes are watering up by looking at my notifications
I <3 your music. Thank you for sharing your gift with the world!
Amazing
I've been kinda down for a few years now, but bill and his music always made me a bit better and i and many othere people im sure, got a better day/mood from just listening to his songs.  Thank you for all u did for us, maybe not even realizing :)
Yayyyy
This man posts video every 6 months.. ☠️💀
Bill has returned!
Only bill could rhyme way with way and make it sound good
I love it
how a person comes up with these cord progressions is beyond me
💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💚💙💙💚💙💚
@Dream
Truesic.
I'm here for the good vibes
ayo new Bill dropped
NAGUUMAPAW
when we needed him the most he came back
You can see his 3d skills improving. By 2080 his music videos will have Pixar-quality stick men
plot twist: this song is about a guy who did DRUGS (⊙ｏ⊙）
Oh thanks for checking in I'm StIlL a PiEcE oF gArBaGe, is still stuck in my head
How come a song this lazy, could be so freaking amassing?
"Wake up babe, new bill wurtz video just dropped"
And that's the way you came back!
I think this is the most Bill Wurtz has ever focused on a single topic without randomly changing the subject.
💚💙????  nonononono
This is better than any dream in history
ah love his music
you deserve way more subs tbh
HE POSTED
love you bill
Watching this for the first time after waking up. Really soothing way to start a day :)
Our hero has returned from his journey in the land of the wurtz gathering songs and ideology from the people of the land he went from town to town finding the songs the people share within the town and shared them with the world he will one day return to the land of the wurtz and find more things to sing about more things to share with the world and more things for the world to love adore and find inspiration from this man will change the lives of thousands and inspire them to dream big.  Thank you for reading this
i can't tell what genre is this but i like it
WOOO
Great to see our man Bill back in the game ⭐
I absolutely love the way he records himself in front of a green screen and just *doesn't use it*
What the song says    Live your life like a dream
Yay new upload!
GET THIS TO NO 1 ON TRENDING LETS DO THIS
this is so inspirational, I am 14 and this is deep.
Happy radiohead?
I don't understand most stuff but it sounds so great! =]
this man is High
*the legend has returned*
We stand Bill
The legend has returned!
What if it's all a dream
Quite bassy mix.
bill tries to understand who the fuck is dream and he released this
Today, I woke up
I can't escape the DNF colors. What's happening they are everywhere! Nice video Bill 👍
That's so beautiful and calm
FINALLY.
Why are his vids always so personal
I got to belive in another upload
<3
And once again the hero strides back, with the best content to watch :)
I want to dance like 3d bill
This video is #12 on trending!!!!
wow cool, he makes music now
Ты живой какое счастье
Omg he uploaded 😱. Music is fire 🔥🔥🔥♫
THE FACT THAT I WAS BINGE WATCHING UR VIDS TWO DAYS AGO AND U POST NOW IM SO HAPPY
Hi there youngster. Its sad to have to tell you, people thought of it before.....singing about the nice stuff, good stuff etc.......it doesn't get you voted in & if by flook u do get a job, you  will only keep it by singing about stuff THEY want...........what they want IS NEVER optimistic, role model stuff!
love how in 1:15 Bill green screens himself onto his original background but greyscaled
This is his 420th video 😏
Bill really is better than dream
art
3:18 owo
Return of the king
noticed how you are using a 3d tool (I guess it is blender) and I like it a lot
If this is a dream it is both the most disappointing and coolest dream ever
The mans back
Whaaaat???? This cant be reaal
I hereby declare bill wurtz his own music genre
today he woke up
I just woke up with the weirdest dream and I can't remember the last time I had a dream. And this is the first thing I see in my notifications. Trippy
he really said owo
The Legend Returns
Every time Bill puts out a new video I can start to see and really begin to understand that there is so much more to explore. The aesthetics he achieves are because that he believes that there’s still so much more to be seen. By using such a sweet and silly style he sets a scene that feels pretty neat and even tho it’s fun it’s familiar.
This song is a fever dream and I love it.
I LOVE THIS BSHAJDHAHSJ
He is back!😭😭😭🤪😭😭😭
RETURN OF THE KING
You make my entire month every time you upload
Internet: only 360p for you Me: *clicks on this video* Internet: *I'll allow it*
Today I stepped into the machine and felt the dream and all the ingredients in the dream and saw what makes them feel so appealing.
Great video ! Reminds me of early 2000s back when I was a kid walking on the beach. For some reason :^)
Legend
BILL OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!!!!!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
What year does he live in?
This song is immediately going on my playlist.
3:18 owo
thank you bill for arriving once again as a blessing in my life and then destroying the internet in a positive way with sweet music
lol dnf 💚💙💚💙
Ok this day isn't as bad as it was before i saw the notification.   Thanks for cheering me up a little bit !
"freebom"
i love how u dont make sense
I love how bill's music was very unique and Makes senses.
the only dream that doesn't suck is this one
Yes
Nice.
It's a prodigy to see Bill posting again..
Idk how you write your lyrics to these songs but idc keep making these!
more than a dream, this is nightmare that aims at playing crazy records of music at night.
Bill songs are like the songs you invent in the shower but his actually sound epic
Even when I'm stressed, Bill Wurtz always helps me to stay calm)
You uploading is already more than a dream
YES! your music is awesome, you key changes the chord changes the melodies are so dope. If you could ever collaborate with an artist I think you and Jacob Collier would hit it off.
Anyone else got a nice dose of happiness from this ❣️
Okay time for a new national holiday
HES BACK YALL
Love that this dude just makes what he wants to make. It's a nice visual treat combined with lyrics that are extremely open ended but occasionally tie bits and pieces together that you can ruminate on for a bit and interpret it on your own.
I just had a strange ass dream... Bill how?
Gonk
The return of the king
bill's vids are perfect representation of a " PHD Rhyme"
To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
You and Nelward should do a collab some time.
Genuinely love bill’s music 💜
Why does this song hit so hard? It’s awesome! Keep it up!
this is probably my favorite bill wurts music video just because of all the new and genius tricks bill has done with blender
This is like a fever dream but its more than a dream
HELL YEA
Brilliant. Such great music....damn!
I have a mad feeling of deja vu from this
Watching in bed after waking up
He has returned
Thank you Mr. Wurtz, this song is great!
Every time Bill uploads, it feels like I’m  finally seeing an old friend after a long time
more words of wisdom from The Church of Wurtz. the one true voice in this mad world!
It was awesome!!!
There are so many things I want to say but I end up saying, same
this is a good morning :)
Looks like a jingle made ai that use algoritms to see what is making more success, then he came with feat. Of bts and shawn mendes
No way, I'm happy now
BABE WAKE UP NEW BILL WURTZ SONG DROPPED
Its going right into my heart!
Before 1Mill
My favourite music genre is Bill wurtz
this guy watched monogatari and chose to replicate it
Yeah Bill!!!
See, told ya he didn't leave again, it is just that Blender is a fucking nightmare to work on.
😩
3:19 Anime girls be like:
Jacob collier called, he wants his harmonies back. But seriously how can this one man be so talented?
Sunny in Omori be like:
Absolutely loving these new videos that combine classic 2D bill wurtz drawings and the classic in-person shots with this new 3D stuff! Really gives off a nice vibe.
Can't wait for Charles Cornell's reaction
The king is back.
The legend returns
This is all just a Homestuck reference
If Inception was a musical, this would be the opening song
*_Rejoice Lads,for we have been bestowed to with yet another animated Banger_*
Fact: no "Dream" was in the video
Is this what drugs are like?
I am commenting for tHe aLgOrItHm
babe wake up new bill wurtz song just dropped
It's AMAIZINGGGGGGGGG
YES FINALY NEW VIDEO!
I want to buy an entire album made from this.
Your videos are basically how synesthesia works
And I thought this was my dream turns out its real.
hi bill
Today I got to my mom's in the afternoon, and got on the computer. It was great! Bill Wurtz was back on YouTube again!  Now I feel good. Might go for a walk out there and have visions, actually. Nice day for it.  Going all literal for a moment, yes we need plans (which need to have start and end points in reality, with middle points in reality in between), but we need vision, too. If you don't know what might just possibly be, your ship has no compass. You're going to go round and round. Round and round, and round and round, and round and round, realistically. :-)  (Until Bill comes to the rescue again.)
new history video soon?
hear me out... bill wurtz x Bo Burnham collab
It's still nice to see how Bill translates his usual artistic quirks into 3D now. The 3D guy retains the charm of the old 2D ones from older videos, for one. I was also waiting for him to turn one of his 2D scribbles into a 3D one, yet I was still caught off-guard when it actually happened.
Haha yes epic
Someone had to say it. More than a DREAM. Blue and green on the thumbnail... I fill so stupid, but that was the first thing I thought of. Someone please help me.
The vocal range in this is wild
This video is literally my reactions to Bill's music videos
A bill wurtz and bo burnham collab would be amazing and you cannot change my mind.
Feels like a dream to watch you.
The 3D models used give me the vibe that bill is making an unturned type game lol
Nobody comment “wHeN tHe WoRlD NeEdEd HiM MoSt He CaMe BaCk” I know bill’s good but stop saying this dumb comment.
is this video more than 3 sec? omg
Great to see you advance!
My God Bill! "True [sic]" ... I don't know how many people can see all the layers of that one simple word as it's displayed during the song... But even if it's only me... It was worth it!!!!!!!!!
I am so glad you're posting things again! Or at least that you posted one thing. Your content is a very special aesthetic that nobody else can quite do justice to. It's strange, yet strangely comforting and inspiring. I still rewatch a lot of your old shit too.  I hope you're doing alright, man.
英語のレベルが中学生以下なので誰か翻訳ください😂 でも英語が理解できなくても楽しめるこのチャンネルが大好きです😊
It was worth the waiting!
3:24
20 years from now this will be iconic
The King’s Return
Now I know today will be a great day, just because he posted
This one is so good! What a wonderful way to start my morning
Oh look he back 6 month ago
Your music always connects with me on such a deep level. It almost makes me want to tear up. <3
I was watching history of the world when I found this. Good song.
i feel like this song has 500 meanings
Something about your music and animations, I can't really pinpoint what, but it's just so calming. Radiates good vibes.
Hopefully bill wurtz has been living his dream and that’s why he hasn’t been uploading.
One day we all follow our dreams
:)
Is abstract art was a music genre: My new favourite music genre
bill wurtz and bo burnham need to collab
I am willing to admit that I sometimes confuse 6 and s when I am typing or writing
HES BAAAAACK
His music reminds me a bit of The Reign of Kindo’s music in terms of its progressive nature. Love it
1:48 so nobody gonna talk about that key change
This is so poetic it’s like each of the videos have a different meaning to different people
BILL WURTZ AFTER A MILLION YESRS
WE MISSED YOU
owo wo wo
Good stuff man  Thanks for sharing your art
We didn't expect him to come back once again but we appreciate him
If Toto had released this…it would have been one of the most memorable songs of the 80s
This sounds like a Peter Gabriel song. And that's not a bad thing.
This gives me vaguely Phil Collins vibes
Thank you, Bill. ♥
HE LIVES
so basically… whats being said is that dreams are much better than anything, and wishes he could be in a dream? which is kinda dark tbh, means daily life not good, and wishes could escape from that reality i love the way he writes his music, its always really deep even though it seems silly
The line "all the best dreams will be dreamed again" really connected with me. As someone who's had many wild, amazing and unique dreams, (the literal, sleeping kind), it's sort of comforting and exciting to think that I might one day step into those worlds of my imagination once again.
fun fact: I dreamed about eating a taco
Already 10k comments
Dream stans here be like: °_°
By god this song slaps, I love it. Good job as always, Bill
Wait what
Before million
It's just covid
True
I keep waiting for the lyric to take an ironic turn since history of the world trained me to associate this voice with a little wry commentary slipped in when you least expect it.
This is beautiful!!!
It's always a pleasant surprise to see a Bill Wurtz video in my feed.
My grandfather passed away today, and though a lot of people have been trying to cheer me up, this is the first thing to make me smile. Thank you, Bill :)
This song is either too deep for me or complete nonsense, and I don't care.
today i woke up
I CAME AS SOON AS I HEARD!
Is bill wurtz just a separate genre of music now.
Another fucking banger, really hits you right in the eternal void
Sweeeeeeet tunes
whis is weird it makes me want to watch another video and and the same time keep watching this video
YESS UPOLADSSS
so true
Is it just me or Bill's recent songs are like Ed Sheeran's but better?
*crashes through bedroom door*  MAAAAAA! BILL WURTZ POSTED!
Fun thing about his songs: You derive from his lyrics and music style different meanings depending who you are. Bill Wurtz in addition to being an amazing song writer has also created the equivalent of a Rorschach test in song form.
slept through every season 😩
owo
he now has 420 videos  Nice
Fun fact: This video is in a loop.
Nice to see you are using blender. Really creative!
Makes me happy 😊
I need bill wurtz NFTs pls
yesterday things were normal, today is far more than a dream (because bill wurtz uploaded)
This is the spacedust in "even crazier spacedust"
I once had a dream where Kermit the Frog had a fight with Rick Astley and Will Smith
How does this man make nonsense make sense and nonsense that makes sense into a song..
Truly the best thing that’s happened today
Holy shit this is good <3
woah,can't believe bill uploaded again,his editing skills and voice is juat god damn perfect
Thank you for existing Bill. ❤
Why is his music simultaneously 80s cheesy and not bad at all. I'm kinda mad... and jealous. Quite a gift to make this style sound good to a metalhead. Cheers
New 3d incurtion!!!!
some solid lyric work on this one !
What a perfect time to check on if this man's still alive
I looove the chord changes!
im not stopping watching this until its number 1 on trending
Bill getting real comfortable with 3D haha
wake up honey, new bill wurtz song just dropped
Omfg you're actually back!
When the teacher asks me to explain my answer: 0:13
I finally know what marijuana is like
your future will be even brighter than your dreams are now. wishing all the best for you. thank you for everything you do.
Im smiling thru the whole song 🌟
Another banger !
Oh, that's where Bill went, he was taking a nap.
Fantastic.
Unbridled optimism in song form. Absolutely impossible to not enjoy.  Keep it up, Bill. Love you, man!
bill came back!
Half a milion views in half a day. Man, I love you
“I can’t believe what I’m seeing” You seein’ quarks and stuff.
banger
The coolest slip u will ever see at 1:28
This slaps
so so precious bill wurtz
Getting slight Robin Thicke vibes.. and I'm loving it
STATE OF THE ART. That is this. Whatever you are creating is THE STATE OF THE ART.
Wau, you could make a religion out fo this.
Who needs music when you have this:
Bill is the real life example of a chance-based game
Yooooooo new video
Ah yes, the dream is made out of dream.
Finally figured out why I love your stuff so much, you remind me alot of Phil collins, welcome back Wurtz, we missed you
This is the guy nobody hates
the thing i simultaneously love and hate about bill's music is that it's gibberish and yet it isn't. like i want to listen to it and for it to make sense but it doesn't but it also does and i keep coming back.  what the fuck
It’s a whole aesthetic but what is the aesthetic
This is absolutely brilliant. So inspiring. I love how creatively free he is 🙌🏼🙌🏼
❤️ I so happy Bill is still part of my internet life. It’s been a long time ❤️
When you wake up and check on your subs only to see a new upload by Bill and you're wondering if you're still dreaming.
More than a dream: A Fever Dream
Bill is back with a new video, A legend.
turnt
To good to be true
I agree
Ladies and gents, his back!
Is it a dream that billz Wurtz uploaded? Well yes but actually yes.
Legend's back
holy shit  edit: btw, watch in order of the time bill worked on these bangers after he moved into new crafting programs (if it's correct):  1. money  2. dream 3. princess 4. sun  why? since he shifted editing program and he wanted to add more 3d work than he did before, you can see it clearly that money has the least 3d work in the video while the others are done with more 3d works in each video (gradually, as i see myself, or bill might be a lot more crazier than i thought to just finish sun and princess with heavy 3d work but money is just light 3d work throughout the release date of these songs.)  if you read this, sorry bill, didn't mean to be mean or anything with this paragraph loool.
babe wake up bill wurtz posted a video
Dream stan lol
Yay bill wurtz
"dreaming about the things i dreamed" ah yes, i'm thinking about what i'm thinking
This shit bussin
You could make a religion out of this
It doesn’t matter if it takes 6 months for a new video or 2 hours, what matters is that it needs to be high effort and that is exactly every video from you.Thank you for making such calming videos and you are caring that you have an audience and no matter what you always entertain so once again thank you for everything Bill.
Your amazing Bill keep up the phenomenal work
Bill: I believe that people can be able to find these videos and not be happy afterwards Me: no way hose aye
The Avatar has returned!
Bill is a Dream stan confirmed
*I KNEW THE LEGEND WOULD RETURN*
Wait, bill is not a super famous encourager?
YOOO HE UPLOADED
The God has returned. Welcome the Cult is ready for our savior
Me: *sees this video after a horrible, terrible, crap day * Also me: well I'm happy now.
This is so good i actually cried
He's having too much fun with 3D animation.
Less gooo he’s back
This starts to feel like the Bob Ross of music. Inspiring, soothing, abstract to the point I'm unsure if I understand what the hell happened, exciting, exhausting, and deep.  Musically on another level. Keep up the good work my dude.
Let's be honest, this video is the best thing that ever happened to you & me.
this is so sweet <33
When’s this coming to spotify
Maybe we all get lucky and he uploads a second song like last time...  Not that i´m not happy with one song. I´m not going to hear anything else for the next few weeks...until i can sing along :) Like i did with every other song of him.
I feel asleep and I began to dream. And the dreams? Were about the dreams that came true.
i love u bill
I love this
Bill’s music is so unique
I cringed so hard I vomited.  You owe me breakfast.
SO GOOD
FINALLY
The Return of The King
Today I finally saw Bill's face.  Life was good, and it just got better.
Oh my god... is that a Bill Wurtz upload!?
AYOOOOO HE BACKKKK
Nice its a bop
Yes
he reminds me of jacob collier.
I dream to listen to him for years to come
Fuck I clicked so fast.
this is such a jam. 🥰
One of the Best channels ww, Also is it just me or has his animation gotten better over the years? You’re insane man
Amazing animations man
Guys am I going insane or is there a deeper meaning to this????
Your music has a weird ability to arrive back into my life at weird times, and the songs are always relevant. Now is not an exception
Bill is back 🔥
i feel like bill just ascended and hes living in another universe making this videos and trying to tell us the key to ascending
music again huh
His music and visuals are so quirky, I love it
Today i woke up :  got this notification and started watching...
Today I woke up,  And watched this video,  It made me really happy,  *I dunno what to say anymore I love it*
THE LEGEND IS BACKKK
Come on you can't tell me those aren't homestuck references !
<3
I think it's my favorite song you've made! It's great
this is giving very walk the moon talking is hard era, i love it!!!!
When the world needed him the most he come backs <3
Bill wurtz songs always sound like the things I come up with in the shower
Imagine his duet with Jacob Collier
Of all the people I could ever want to meet…  Bill ur pretty up there
Make less music videos
lmao, that punchline
Bob ross > Art Bill Wurtz > Music
God damn chefs kiss from me.. whew.. I needed that
This is incredibly inspiring thank you Bill
Yes
Wake up babe, a new bill wurtz vid just dropped
this is the best thing ever
This feels more like a song then any of your other songs even tho they are all songs but considering the abstract level of your music this one is the one i can relate to the most and like. it's dreamlike.
better than inception
bill: nothing was the way it seemed. me: nothing EVER is the way it seemed, especially in dreams where you wake up in a dream and go back to sleep in a dream and dream of the dreams you dreamed while in a dream staying inside both dreams.
You know it's gonna be a good day, when Bill uploads. Or in this case a good dream.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Can anyone pls explain to me what happen to all his history video?
fav song yet honestly
Bill uploaded after *checks channel* SIX MONTHS!? I didn't even realise 🤭
MOM! BILL UPLOADED!
I know the lyrics aren’t supposed to mean anything, but I resonate with them so much???
What really is more than a dream is when bill post video weekly, or just monthly would be also great
I wish he still did those short little skit things
He's back!!!
Today I woke up, had a bad day. Then this masterpiece appeared and made me smile. Thank you Bill.
Wow
Oh... ok
3:19 what's this
10k comment.
I like how this stared as See The Day by Brian David Gilbert
huh. how about that
You needa make a video on the entire history of bill wurtz
Bill's usage of chords and time signatures and rhythms just keeps ascending. What the fuck
Ahh Bills Back YES
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Oh hey my new favorite Bill Wurtz song.
Bill never misses with these songs!
More than a dream : Bill returns
bill's videos are completely incoherent and make perfect sense at the same time
"i've slipped into chaos"  yeah, Bill, years ago.
Dream in a dream in a dream in a dream
tripping.  :) convenient upload ^-^
This came out on my birthday, and my name is Dream. Thank you Bill!
Every video in bill wurtz is like a dream already.
"I get it"
I swear this man's music is its own genre
Thank you for this. It's been a long time since something lifted me out of the funk, and made me smile. Fantastic chaos surrounding a lovely depth.
I love this guy
Please don’t leave 😢
"Today i woke up" Yeah i wish i didnt Edit:life sucks
These lyrics are the kind of lyrics I end up with when I try to improvise a song, just vague keywords in all possible combinations
Bill is the best thing that happened to stoners.
HES BACK
He is the Bill we need not the one we deserve. We deserve far less.
I love the song it's good stuff but If you want to feel like you're having a fever dream play it in 2x
Yes another video! After some years!
The music is strangely… trapping. Very epic.
The man himself is back       *hopefully*
This is perfect
Excellent, thanks for the good dreams Bill.
i can’t wait for university students to do literary analyses on bill wurtz music thirty years from now
Bill's songs sound like 90's or 80's stuff I don't know I was born in the late 2000's I'm glad he exists now and not in the past though, I feel privileged to witness his songs as they happen
Ah yes, a dream
The return of the king
This mans videos put a smile on my soul
Owl City in the absence of Owl City…he sort of already wrote this only better? Thanks for trying…
Inception (2010)
This may just be Bill’s Magnum Opus!  Oozing with positivity, and the energy is contagious as hell.   The video itself incorporates every element of his previous videos. From New Canaan to The Airport terminal, to Here comes the sun, it’s just incredible what you’ve learned.  Thank you Bill. We all love your music
There's not many people that can just not post a video for 6 months to a year, and when they do, still get 300,000 views in just a few hours.
6 months without posting, a new video is made. wow
How tf did i end up subscribed to this??
This is Bill's version of a disney musical "I Want" song
And if you have no dreams?
I don't know who this new lil guy is, but I want him and his hat to he happy
make more history contenttt
"Today I found a better way and I'll scream it out and hope you see it my way" "And I know you might find a different way and I hope you scream it back at me" "Now [that] everyone's screaming at me :("
Chocolate rain
I really missed these. I don't know why but I love them in every way.
Bill wurtz: **Uploads** Me: **Wakes**
*clap
bill releasing a new song is a more than a dream
The best musician of our age perhaps? At the very least in terms of originality and creativity.
I agree
As crazy as the lyrics and animations are, I think my favorite thing about Bill is how interesting and fun to listen to his music is
Proof that Bill is a Dream stan, smh. I tought better of you Bill!
bill's voice is same as dream's. i mean the MC player dream
we need you more than ever bill
Holyfuck he’s back bill I missed your assfuckery so much
He's back! Even more than a dream: A NEW UPLOAD!
Best birthday gift
this is one of the only channels I'm delighted to sit through any and all ads throughout the video. you're great bill
Was this inspired by a real dream or made up orr is this a dream.
The best dream, Bill with a new upload.
thank you Bill, this made my month
Today I woke up in a dream  We ALL needed this Bill thank you
This is what being high feels like 👍
There’s a surprising lack of jarring key shifts.
"Today I woke up." Me too, sadly enough.
We’ve come a long way from THE SUN IS A DEADLY LAZER
Oh yea
These are literally the most complicated, best lyric videos ever.
This feels comforting. Also good to see bill again
Now I wanna hear this on the radio .
0:17 DREAM IN A VID ABOUT DREAMS?
The best dream: Bill upload a video after so long
I like how Bill seems to have not aged for like the past decade
Holy shit hes back
*Perfection*
Where’s Dreams comment?
thank you for blessing my screen
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES THE GOD IS BACK!!!!
damn, I'm new to the channel but I can already see how big ur music is and their uhh.. "messages" I found this channel by watching the got some money vid, then i realized that ur the guy who uploaded history of the entire world, so I was surprised why I didn't know u existed before then, anyways...  great vid, hope you keep it up!
epok
👌
what is this fever dream
Thank you. I had weird dreams this morning *screams*
Bill has this pesudo-PBS kids theme song intro vibe lol
He Is Bill Dream like him
Literally every person:     RETURN OF THE KING
Return of the king
When the world needed him most, he returned
My favorite part was "ungh"
Wi-Fi drops one bar    Youtube quality: 3:02
I didn't know I needed this, but I did. Thank you
Hoping bill becomes another joji :)
His 3d is beutiful!
Man that's some straight fire
I like how upbeat his latest songs are
what an incredible song about finding inspiration amidst long-going and crippling depression and executive disfunction. bill's best lyrics since going 3d i would say. banger
“now that everyone’s screaming at me”
Dream
Doing great, Bill!
Bill Wurtz is back!!! Am I dreaming???
owo
today i woke up in a dream nothing was the way it seemed and in that dream i fell asleep dreaming about the things i dreamed  yesterday things were normal yesterday things were complete everyday seems so different  every day so hard to believe  you got to believe in the dream believe in the things that the dream can be  and i think that the dream can be the best thing that ever happened to you and me  oh oh oh woah woah woah  dreams can be much better than any thing supposed to be  wo wo wo oh   i can't believe what i'm seeing it's more than a dream and it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history    today i woke up telling the truth seemed so true it sounded like music and if i play it cool i can hear you you almost told me what to do    you got to believe  in freedom  be free to believe in the things you dream of cause that's the way that the best dreams can be dreamed of when you find a way to believe in them  don't don't do no no whoa  dreams make sense and all the best dream will be dreamed again and on the best days you'll believe again that the best dreams can be real again   i just found a better way  and i'll scream it out and hope you see it my way and i know that you might find a different way and i hope you scream it back at me  ungh  now that everyone's screaming at me what does it mean on a cool sunday breeze (sunday breeze) sun comes up though i'm getting a good night's sleep (getting a good night's sleep) slept through every season i just dreamed the seasons  does anyone want to know the reason for dreaming what's the reason it's pleasing? can you dream the reason?   how much longer will it be before the whole thing changes into more realistic scene before you've seen anything  you can see everything  in the dream  see the things that the dream can see and you'll see that the dream can be best thing that ever happened to you and me  oh oh oh woah woah woah  dreams can be much better and anything supposed to be  woah   i can't believe what i'm seeing it's more than a dream and it's more than anyone ever dreamed in history  today i woke up
Makes Sense
So thats what the mask is for
The long awaited crossover between “money” “I’m a princess” and “here comes the sun”
Bill Wurtz: **uploads video** Fans: Don't do that, don't give me hope. Don't give me the hope that you will upload more...😢       great stuff tho
More than a Dream
is this what ADHD feels like
he woke up
I just got vaccinated by like anti measles and anti tetanus so I'm pretty high, this is a perfect timing
AYO HES BACK LES GOOOOOOO
start a yes chain
1:48 OOOOOH that chord change was SPICY
Ah, yes. Another masterpiece from Bill
This man slips into a coma and then makes a video and goes downstairs and slips in a coma again just to upload again in 2029
this guy's unique style and consistant high quality makes me wonder why he isn't more famous
Patient: how long have I been under? Doctor: I’m afraid you’ve been asleep for so long- Patient: How long??? Doctor: Well bill wurtz updated…
Fuck I missed it If only he uploaded when it was day here Edit: Also I love this!
Every time I see Bill upload i feel happy and upbeat, and his music makes it even better
YO UR BACK
*crys in never remembering any dreams*
This guy is correct explanation to my dreams
Half a year later, we have another master peace from bill
Quality content :)
Yay new video
Yey a new video after half a year
“today i woke up” i felt that
Man, he always gives good ol vibes.
YOOOOOO BILL WURTZ :D
-A DREAM
LOVED that first ooo wo wo wo (even if it makes me look silly typing it out)... You really don't know what to expect from the song/video yet so it comes as such a uniquely fun surprise.
Who are what did you do ._.
He's back !!!
bill wurtz
This shall be my alarm music
The visuals of this video is my mind at every passing moment lol
Dont even care that we have to wait half a year for every upload, it's always great
This is rather poetic
Dream Stans: *they had us in the first half not gonna lie*
This is an amazing thing to wake up to!
from a person who design rmbr their dreams, 😩
Seth books summarised
Always happy to see new content from you :) 🌸💚
yassssss
Bill is the last great representation of what YouTube was at the start. Love it.
bill wurtz and bo burnham are on the opposite ends of the continuum of "seemingly incomprehensible content" and one end is that it has no discernable meaning or statement it is trying to make other than that it exists. the other end is that it seems to have a meta-narrative, a political or societal commentary, or some other deeper meaning to be found but you have NO clue what the fuck it is. absolutely my favorite brand of comedy.
HE RETURNNSSSS
I'm glad you did bill.
i searched "."... this is cursed                    nice song though
the worst thing that ever happened to me was me missing this video in my sub feed
congrats on learning 3ds Max
might be the first to say this but: i liked the songs better before 3d animatings
turnt
Man you and Sam O'nella Academy are about tied for the longest time to have a dead channel and then suddenly bring it back to life.. though Sam has still yet to post anything in a couple years.. so I think he may be in the lead.
Ok but this slaps
bill is good
This song sounds like something you could possibly hear in a dream.
The legend has returned
yay
I always enjoy the lyrics in Bill's songs. The very dynamic ways the words themselves are used in space informs  this extremely unique understanding of the thoughts and feelings behind them. The combination of physical placement and the thought provoking meanings are more engaging than any video formatted art I've ever witnessed. This is but one of the many things about Bills art that makes it so excellent.
😩👌 gosh it’s just so- so…☕️☁️🎆🍂🦷🪐👾👂🏻
Amazing
I think that Jack stauber and Bill are the same person but on a different universe
WWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YEEEAAAHHH BABYEEEEE!!!!!!!
thanks, bill
man this is good
Epic
AMAZING, WONDERFUL, TALENTED, GREAT👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
HE'S NOT DEAD :D
Yes
Realizing that this video was uploaded in reality seem more than a dream.
All hail Bill Wurtz
It’s a dream that Bill uploaded again
A musical genius this guy. This slaps so hard
This SLAPS SO HARD
OH MY GOD YES
Niiiice. See you in 5 years
Thank you for this!
Omg hes back
Why did you Stop posting videos
thank you for telling me what "! ! !" sounds like
"Dreams make sense"  Are you sure?
We're getting a different color scheme now
yeah bill wurts uploaded
5 reasons you CANNOT LOSE YOUR SALVATION https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HPAHQ_7x3M&t=1s  I CAN PROVE GOD WILL NEVER BE MAD AT YOU AGAIN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h49c_h4lr9M
Whenever we try to teach bill wurtz something, he is 51 steps ahead of us.
https://youtu.be/A6HoFQkCK-A wow!!!
I can't wait for Julia Louis-Dryfuss's kid to rip this off
Thank you
I was a little sad a while ago, can't remember why though.
THE KING IS BACK!!
Babe wake up Bill Wurtz posted
Return of the King
and now my day is good
ooowowo
OMG a new Post
yes, all the way yes i've been dreaming of this
This is so optimistic 🥲🥲 I love this so much
Scared me with that 6-month break dude
What should we call this genre of music?
I cannot believe the legend is back
Bro...bill uploads now? Faith in humanity restored😊😊😇
This was a very welcome surprise
The best birthday gift, Bill Wurtz relasing a song
This is what happens when you don't let your dreams be dreams. You wake up in a dream and let it be memes.
This one got me a little wet in the eyes
I feel like I have experienced more than 5 different rhythms in a song.Amazing
his singing keeps improving it's really impressive wow
"all the best dreams will be dreamed again" what an incredibly good line (this is not sarcasm, I really love it)
Absolutely fantastic
bill's editing is so good
Bill is a masterpiece of a human
If you make a song about world peace, 100% guarantee the wars will end
Bill Wurtz: *(Uploads new video)*   Me: *Is it a dream!?*  Video title: *more than a dream*
a) Hey! I also woke up today! b) we all could have been born in a millennia that did not have bill in it c) turnt d) i also slipped into chaos and now it's all over my pants e) I like Bill's New Hair
today I woke up to a new wurtz song.
Beautiful
What a coincidence, I woke up because of sleep trouble and stumble upon the new song of Bill. Makes me wonder about my dreams now, if maybe I'm having trouble sleeping because of those...
Absolutely iconic.  Patiently waiting for Bill to learn the new editing software has paid off big time.  The videos still have that same authentically Bill Wurtz style but in...  *H I G H D E F I N I T I O N*
sadly, I'm late. Way too Late.
Well nothing is real, it just how our brain perceive reality
nice traffic drum
This guy's videos are peak reddit humor. AKA garbage
Bill Wurtz songs on vinyl would be rad
o my DREAMING ABT DREAMS
Beautiful
Bill just makes everybody's day better. Thanks man keep up the good work.
YEAHHHHHH
Nobody: Bill Wurtz: "today I woke up"
today i woke up(
Bill’s music is so unique, I really can’t explain why it’s good. It’s so different, it’s so good, but I don’t know why
@Dream
hewo bill :]
Too happy.
put this next to mount st helens is about to blow up. instant classic
LEETSSS GOO BILL
He’s like surreal entertainment, but not creepy
You know earlier today I had probably the most hurtful experience I've ever had with my family. Then I see you've made a new song. Thank you for bringing me happiness to counteract that ugly experience.
It took me a sec to realize this was a new vid and im not convinced the sound i made was human
Fantastic, as always! I don't know what it is I love about Bill's music but I really love it. I'm so glad to have a new song! And I have weird and wonderful dreams every night that take up a good bit of my waking thoughts too, so I really love this song especially!
Why do I wanna cry now?
this is so hecking interesting sounding and almost emotional or inspirational sounding too? its really cool
The world is okay again bill Wurtz uploaded
I feel like bills Bills music and visuals is going to be taught in art schools 100 years from now and be thought of as the modern Picasso
The Return of the King
YEESSSS!!!
Very inspiring.  10/10, the best song of 2021
This is it. This is my favorite of your revival so far. I'm a princess is a VERY close second.
We believe in Bill Wurtz
If these lyrics weren't set to music, they'd be a mad man's ramblings.
your videos are unironically a religious experience. i've been following u for years, and every time these lyrics bring me to tears with how emotional they make me. idk man it sounds kinda stupid saying this when i know this comment will get buried in the 10,000 other comments, but i feel like i just gotta get the thought out there in writing that these videos mean a lot to me
Beautiful work.  "Today i woke up."
Today bill woke up
man please some history vids
the pure joy on my face when i saw this upload
Today I woke up
The king still smiles upon his people!
I am happy to see this!
BILL
The return of the king.
winderful everytime
Worth the wait sir 😎
Bill has music down to a science.
This is real Masterpiece
Holy sweet earth bill is back
Perfect! Definitely worth the wait!
hello billy
HE IS HERE
When i saw this i went:  ? Oh, it's bill wurtz. * BIG GASP * IT'S BILL WURTZ
god bless when bill drops a new song!
I've seen a few people try and use your style, but no one ever comes close you're so damn unique
The return of the king
Honey wake up bill wurtz posted
AND it’s a bop
YES! I THOUGHTS YOU WERE DEAD
I still wait for him to say what did he dream.......... No answer. Excellent song anyway.
i quite enjoyed this :)
ily
a wacky tame impala
The king has arrived.
WOOOOOOOOOOOO BILL WURTZ UPLOADED LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Literally the same vibe as those nostalgic songs from 2000s kids shows, I love it!
havent listen to the whole and can already say its a banger !! you're so good
BILL
How can you make a 3:41 video 7 1/2 min long?
Keep dreaming, Bill. And please, PLEASE, keep creating as long as you want. Your stuff started out great, and has long since ascended past amazing. Thank you for everything you've made. It matters. It matters a lot.
I will make this my alarm and make it my theme song
the man
swag
Yes
Yo finally Bill has a video on trending been, a while..
Yay new video:)
Always a good day when you upload bill
Dream
Feeding the algorithm with like/sub/bell and comment.  PSA: make a hotkey to help👌
dreamt i was a fish last night
this is the best birthday present i could ask for
More prog phil collins. Nice
This song is so uplifting
omg...
9828th
I don't remember my dreams :(
That is a good thing to actually wake up
The return of the king
You sang this, sound was converted to  yes/no dots, converted into sound again, amplified, then warm vibes from paper cones made my brain feel sublime. Thank You.
When the world needed him the most He RETURNED  BEST CONTENT CREATOR🔥
Poor man's version of Sleeping on my Dreams 😂😂
Why does this feel like a revival of the 80's ethos of music making? Because I love it. It's earnest and sincere and I miss music like this.
Great video! See you in 5 years!
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Imagine memeing your way into the creation of an entirely new genre.  I don't know, the fact things like this can happen make me a little less annoyed at the world.
Its gotta be said, 1:08 would be hell if this was superman 64
I needed to hear this today
weird how this came put just when I started my new job... like ? ok gods I see yall
man this dude makes every day better
Bill face reveal plz
bill: ok everyone ima go now for sometime everyone: ok :c bill: ok so im back with 3d stuff and better animations everyone: oh ok c:
And I thought everyday was not normal for you-
Why does he look exAcTLy like I thought he would
Better than every song from Shark Boy & Lavagirl combined
The return of the king
this video is a dream a mass hallucination
Bill is the Bob Ross of youtube!!  Agreed?!?
3:18 owo
“Leaving the studio”
love the use of a green screen and keeping it desaturated but visible the whole time hahahaha
I feel like this is one of your most beautiful songs. And that's saying a lot.
I don't know if I want the guy in my dream to be real
thanks bestie
I love you
YESS
THIS IS SO GOOD!
TRENDING BABY!!
the people who disliked are awake
Pls Pixar, pls use this song in your next movie
The legend has awoken once more.
A wizard arrives exactly when he means to. This man is indeed a wizard
1:29 Do y'all ever just slip into chaos?
i love dreams because its like exploring an alternative world. were impossible things are possible. and if try hard enough, you can basically become god in your (dream) world
He kinda looks like fundy
This​ is​ better​ than​ dream.....   Return​ of​ the​ king​
The comeback...
I love watching this guy level up
Those dreams make sense in mind
Bill please put ads on your videos. I'd like YouTube to pay you for your work
i like how the spinning armchairs get more screen time than the super detailed house interior
Living proof that being chaotic as fuck is very appealing
Can i get this in Spotify?
i love this new art style
The legend is back
Ayyy he’s back
bill wurtz cipher is god now. i dont make the rules <3
THIS IS SO GOOD!!! Time to learn the lyrics and listen/sing in loop for hours.
the legend returns to make our day 100 times better
im crying man
How
=)
BILL IS BACK YES
He uploaded 🥶🥶🥶🥶
This reminds me of when I space out in class.
Always nice to listen to your music!
Dude, this is one of the best songs I’ve ever heard. Everything is so well designed with tons of effort, all I can say is the chaotic mess of lyrics and animations has an amazing harmony. Keep up your efforts!
this clip can be rebuilded in amiga i guess XD
I love how positive this video is. Also that bill uploaded something lol
i feel so many incredible feelings while experiencing your art bill. the world is incredibly lucky to have you.
YES!!! NEW VIDEO :)
I don't know if you want to make more of these videos but an entire history of america would be fun. Or maybe a 30 second video on the real history of Christopher Columbus. I love those videos. I love this one too. Probably one of the best tunes that I've listened to in a while.
oh my god bill wurtz upload lets go  there is definitely a message in this song. there sure is. its a good song
I am thoroughly enjoying this truesic~
Such an awesome display of creativity every single time.
HES BACK AGAIN, but anyways absolutely amazing bro!
It’s weird how Bill’s lyrics sound like incoherent random thoughts and yet they make a lot of sense
Love it bro :-)
No fucking way is there another bill wurtz video. I forgot I was subbed. This is beautiful. I’m so happy. I can’t contain myself. Oh my lord. Lordy lord lord. Fuck. Yes.
Oh my gosh Bill, I was right about you!   Thank you for being a vanguard in this cultural shift, fren.
Well, this was suprisingly on-topic for a suprising amount of time.
Ngl, came here for the memes, but this slaps and you know imma be vibing to this for like the next week
I swear I should be asleep but this more important than a dream
i cant complain about him not uploading because he always comes back with a banger
Bill is proof the internet stopped changing after 2015
This is fine art
I just woke up from a dream, and it was a dream to which I awoke. This video is a dream I've never dreamed of, and it makes me wonder if I'm still dreaming now.
That's what the point of the mask is
The legend has risen
he's awake
Woooo bills back
Bill, this was so beautifully made
I love this
Bill's lyrics are being more and more coherent with every song, now he's even singing about one thing for almost the whole song
#TRUESIC
Believe in sussy baka
HI BILL
The Return Of The King
sculp     t      ure
Now that begs the question.  Is everything around us a dream?
True(sic)
Best thing I could've woken up too. Thank you Bill :]
I DREAMED ABOUT BILL UPLOADING
I believe this is a dream come true
This is not what we wanted                                               But what we needed
i think i’m dying, in the best way possible
Pls do a collab with Jacob Collier
Yay he bacc
i once had a dream where a goat was running over humans in a roller coaster. i want that dream back :(
I would really like a bossa-nova version of this
<3
Bill’s upload schedule: 1 video every year, sometimes if he feels like it, 2.
In "When I Get Older" (released three years ago, about wanting to lift the world up with his music), Bill says "when I get younger, I'm gonna be a liar. I'll be lying about being so young. Then when I'm older I'll be more truthful, and then lie about singing this song."  Now three years later Bill writes a song about following your dreams and in it he says "Today I woke up telling the truth. It seemed so true it sounded like music. And if I play it cool I can hear you: you almost told me what to do."  He's singing to himself from 3 years ago. Change my mind.
Yay
i'm living in a dream because bill wurtz uploaded man
This describes my life.
i cant find it on spotify :(
Damn, this is one hell of a dream.           Seriously though, my school teachers love your music! Thanks for getting me good grades man! :)
Breaking news: Bill woke up. It's time to celebrate.
i wonder when we will get bill rolled
A concert from this man would go crazy
It's           more than a dream
You wouldn't believe it, but i was literally thinking about you the other day. It just felt like it was about time you came back
Thank you, dearest William. I knight thee with highest honors. Thou shalt henceforth be known as Sir Wurtz the Truthmaker. Arise & go forth into this beautiful dystopia with blessings & unspeakable gratitude, for so long as thou carriest thine name. So mote it be.
hi
Man i really missed you ......Welcome back pal
Love it
Dream in a Dream
This is so weird bc i also woke up and was in a weird trance, at 5:30 am and like i gotta get dressed for school when it was so much later
I think this is the most Bill Wurtz has ever focused on a single topic without randomly changing the subject.
he is gaining more power
Unironically better than anything to come out of rich musicians for the last 6 months when he last uploaded
Welcome back Bill Wurtz 👍 we have missed you
Cool
LETSGOOOOOOO
1:50 hit so hard i literally can't  i swear this man writes nonsense at surface level but digging a little deeper brings you to literal philosophical genius
Its intuitive logic!
Just what I needed to see and hear today. What a masterpiece.
YO BILL WURTZ UPLOADED AGAIN LETS GOOO
Song to listen too while endlessly spinning on a flowery hill
I won't try and say anything witty. I'll just say "Thank you". :)
BABE WAKE UP NEW BILL WURTZ DROPPED
The dude makes good music vibes. It’s good to have when the world fallin apart.
HES BACK, FUCK YEAH
posted when I was at school, then my phone broke, just got on my pc and this is the first thing I do
The legend is back
This can be a new rickroll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4d3jUBEVng
I love you
What did I just watch
nice
...then we woke up.
It's great to see you making music again Bill, I always love your music and editing style.
fucking great
HES ALIVE
so bill finally woke up after 6 months?
Can Bill get his own kids show already? Getting huge PBS Kids vibes from this one.
Bill, thanks for sticking around! Your videos always brighten my day. I don't think there is any length of time you could go without posting that make me unsub. The messages in this video were so in line with what I've been learning to understand for months now so seeing it in a Bill Wurtz aesthetic was amazing!
this is very epic poggers man
Love you bill!!
*Depression rate just drop*
Definitely missed these
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again." Something about this line ,I don't know what; but I love it
yes
The visuals look great. All the editing and modeling this must’ve taken is impressive.
Very nice lol
:o
NEW BILL WURTZ
Anyone else listen to this after midterms? :D
It feels like a warm blanket is surrounding me.
I'm going to dream of this video in my dream.
Dreams are deadly laser!
YOOOOOOOO
this is a surprise
My head book what why how when what are the lyrics
Welcome back Bill, glad to see a new video from ya. How have you been?
:D
oh, I get it now, Bill just spent 2 years dreaming. ok I get it.
It’s your wurtz one yet bill  And that’s a good thing
Watch this on shrooms and you'll never wake up into the outside of the dream you dreamt off dreaming in the dream you're dreaming in
what a time to  be alive
very nice
I think im dreaming
His next history video will break the internet
wait is this a casual face reveal?
Its all a dream ❤😉 yk bill YK
3:19 bill wurtz be like: *_OWOWOWO_*
The king has returned
Reklamangiz juda ajoyib
Thank you for creating and sharing your dream, this song has a really beautiful and uplifting energy to it! :D
Al-Muallim
He's back, he's finally back. We can make religion out of this.
our king is back
The return of the king
The legend does it again with the crazy 3D graphics
I love this channel.
how to feel high for 3:41 seconds
It’s canonical Bill Wurtz is an owo instead of an uwu kind of guy
Arguably the most motivational of Bill’s songs, and hot damn it’s a banger
Wow
The key change at 1:52 hfadiushasdf
Bill blender
I needed this.
so that's why he was gone for so long, he just slept through every season!
Here before it gets a million views
I love how he filmed himself in front of a greenscreen but doesn't key it out, he just uses the raw footage of him dancing in front of it
Good god this song almost has an actual rhyming scheme to it. Rhymes. In a bill wurtz song. Never thought I'd see the day.
bill uploaded.
I was gonna comment asking if there’d ever be another History Of video, but I forgot how good his music is.
Very nice, thank you kindly
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
If millennials grew up with the internet there would be a lot more of this
Thanks for making these while I'm in dark state...
this is such a bop!
Loving the music video :D my attention span ain't long, but for some reason I am able to focus on this without getting distracted
3D Bill Wurtz?! I love it???
His style of music should be it's own genre.
Hehe good vibe hehehehe :)))
Bill met a woman he loves.
There's a lot of really strong musical choices in this song. Really beautiful.
jazzy stick man has my approval
I’m getting prawn song by superorganism vibes.
This reminded me when I'm half asleep in class and my mind made up weird dreams based of real life that make sense but doesn't... you know... that?
Omg he actually posted!?
It’s not the dream, but it’s bill uploading a masterpiece
Jesus Loves YOU!!!  John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have Everlasting Life.  Isaiah 54:10 Though the mountains be shaken and the hills be removed, yet my unfailing love for you will not be shaken nor my covenant of peace be removed,” says the LORD, who has compassion on you.  Numbers 6:24-26 - The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you and be gracious to you; the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace.  God Bless You All.
dreams can be much better than anything is supposed to be
W upload
👏👏
BEAUTIFUL
I need commercial made. Anyone?
Yooo he uploaded
Hope that your doin ok mr. bill
When bill posts more vids: "more than a dream"
1:47 almost made me tear up
I’m convinced an AI writes these lyrics
Just woke up, first notification I get, nice
why am I crying in the club right now
Bro this slaps
Imagine controlling your dream
WHY DIDNT I GET NOTIFIED ABOUT THIS
seeing an upload by bill wurtz is an instant serotonin booster
The intro reminds me of Cecilia and the Satellite – Andrew McMahon
The legend has returned.
Yay
Oooh another added to my Banger list.
bill wurtz is just a whole new genre
I can see a Grimm like cartoon where this is some kids subconscious trying to keep him in the coma at the same time telling him bout freedom of being out of his dreams.
It's litterally 4am and I woke up for this
When it matters youtube recommended delivers.
I want more history lessons bill
3D ANIMATION!!!!
Gasusm
Is this a dream?
His singing has gotten a lot better (not that it wasn't)
“I dreamed in my dream” yes that makes total sence
I am sure that Bill pays his editor in drugs
A masterpiece song dedicated to glorifying a Minecraft YouTuber. 10/10
I dreamed that I had a dream in a dream.
I'm going to copy this YouTube channel
Bill's music is my medicine for my existence.
I love it when Bill uploads. My day is made
Omg an upload, it's not a dream it's a miracle!
New video heyy
It's amazing how far you've come from writing jingles. Your music is so oddly inspiring and I hope you never stop making it!
Impossible.
No way! Bill exists still!
Praise the sun for bill has returned!
jacob collier collab when?
Missed you bud! Hope you're doing well!
Do you think we could possibly get worst thing that’s has happened in the world video just like the history of the world but bad things
Yes!
HE'S BACK AGAIN
THE BOYS BACK!
he posted :D
More edge please
I knew I wouldn't regret clicking this
_Maybe dreams aren't such bad things after all..._ - Elderbug
OUR BOY IS BACK
So good to see you. You're a comfort to me.
By God he is back
YAY BILL BILL
HOLY SHIT HES ALIVE (welcome back)
Bill Wurtz can turn any simple idea into a philisophical message, and it moves me every time :)
That's so good!!!!!!!!
The return
Yay. He's alive.
Early
Perfect example of chaotic good.
What a guy!!!
i just subbed yesterday lucky me
As a musician, it always takes me a couple of days for my brain to make sense of a new Bill Wurtz song because there’s so much happening. As a musician though, I can say Bill wurtz takes the #1 favorite singer spot on my list 😁
your back…
Hes back
he freaking came back
for a second there I thought he was talking about the minecrafter
HESS BAAACK
HE'S BACK!
there are emotions only bill can make when there is a new post
Ok
this hits different high
kinda pissed that squid game went and stole bill wurtz's logo
This and Movie Star are my favorite bill wurtz songs!
I like to interpret Bill’s songs depending on where I am in my life, and how I’m feeling .
You ever just imagine if bill used Source 2007 for these masterpieces, he could've been a shitpost god. Hes still a god, just not one of shitposting
DMT flashbacks be like: 1:50
Such a great day already then bill uploading  Words cant say how great the day is
This is fantabulastic
Is it a dream or bill wurt uploaded a new video?
It may have been a no bones day, but bill wurtz uploaded so it cancels out
This is what people see when they are high on grass
My head hurts, I'm going back to bed
I heard he used to be a music teacher which explains the visuals moving to the beat. I think this is the first song about the future. Looking forward and making what you envision into reality and make it yours. His lyrics make me think about my life and how I listened to "at the airport terminal" while at the airport to leave my family behind last year. A lot of his songs are about respecting the past. This one's about looking forward. I love it. His drops match the path of my life as a 23 year old.
My dog likes going asleep to you.
Turnt
another absolute banger. thank you, Bill.
Everyone drop what you're doing, new bill wurtz video dropped!
Bill Wurtz is a master. Holy wow.
Ah! Roblox tags!
god, I'm always excited when Bill completes something new, and? this time? IT'S UTTERLY GLORIOUS THIS MIGHT BE MY NEW FAVOURITE (maybe)
Holy shit, I can't breath
ok he didnt quit thats good to know
I am fully convinced that this man can make a catchy song about anything
i love you.
So good to see he's back and still going strong. :)
Bill Wurtz, you're a legend. 💙
Right now I'm imagining a distant future where all that's left of human civilisation are Bill's videos and they are all that the aliens have to go on to make sense of what we were
Remember that heartbrake this guy gave us when he said "might quit" :')
👁👄👁 *has late 90s early 20s school programing flashbacks* Why am I craving a blue koolaid jammers?
Yay! New music video! Can't wait to listen to this on Spotify.
Why is this just owl city
Bill is honestly inspiring as hell
Today I dreamed I was running around screaming in a room full of bathtubs. What does it mean.
1:50 why is this transition so smooth
Why do I like these songs so much
The legend has posted
I was going full on bill wurtz today listening to him all day. And to see him upload today just… kinda amazing! Awesome as always bill
YOOOO
BILL!
Love it
Now this is a _real_ Dream Music Video
babe wake up new bill wurtz vid dropped
Feel-good vibes 😄
turnt
I think this channel is just snoop dogs shower thoughts.
Our god has returned to bless us with his immeasurable wisdom! Praise be!
I like it!
"And in that dream I fell asleep"  *ded*
I don't want to be *that person* but... -SOMETIMES ALL I THINK ABOUT IS YOUUU LATE NIGHTS IN THE MIDDLE OF JUUUUNE-
Bill, you're the only person that can make three minutes and forty-one seconds feel like an entire album. Well done.
honey wake up bill wurtz just uploaded a new video
Thanks for this
text autofill be like:
!!!!
babe wake up, new bill wurtz video
Everyone always asks _what_ Bill is doing, but never _how_ is Bill doing   This is a bop. I hope you’re doing well!
He’s back.
every one of bills uploads reminds me of the credits of wall-e
Yuh
babe wake up, new bill wurtz content just dropped
My dreams be like:
You really turned out to be a one trick pony...
Dream: more than 1 video once a year
bill: i woke up today me: oh that's good
bill is gonna dissapear again, thank you for this great thing
Great job waking up, enjoy your subsequent slumber.
Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit Lets get this shit
This belongs in a 90’s Disney movie
My dream has come true
fitting, I just had a lucid dream last night
bro he deserves like a Grammy but better
Mr. Wortz please collab with Jacob Collier. There is no way that he isn't aware of your music.
Wish I could subscribe twice, Bill. Keep doing you... you're sincerely the only one who can.
Freezing up at the sight of a green house silhouette because I’m damaged.
bill wurtz lyrics never feel like they’re gonna work out and then they do every time
if I was a MTV executive I would be vouching for this to be playing on MTV2 or another mtv channel that plays music
Great work Bill. I love your music <3
HE HAS RETURNED but he will probably dissapear for another like 3 years and then appear again
Ok, look, I can read new dialogue in my dream. Last week I fell asleep and still don't know if I woke up. I dreamt in that dream. Then woke up in the dream and it was reality. But then I woke up, for what I think, is real. And then you drop this on me 😂😂😂
Still cranking out bops, goddamn.
Artwork
He uploaded on my birthday! Thanks bill
I'm just jamming, this song slaps
i loved that
Our lord and savior has blessed us with another upload, rejoice
this vid made my week :)
Bill makes old computer animations fit into 2021. He's become a legend throughout his years as a YouTuber. I wish him luck on his journey forward.
Lovely jubbly
Better than the other dream.....
When we needed him the most he came back
It's 4am and I need to sleep so I'll dream about sleeping.
We need. A history of Russia.
Omg he finally did it:DDDD
wouldn't it be cool if bill made drum and bass songs. that would be also kinda weird too huh
Can you make more history of some thing I guess pls pls
Amazing
it’s really like a combination of all of his songs together.
i feel like bill wurtz is never going back to how he was 3 years ago, he’s changed his song vibes, his animation style, learnt 3d, and he’s expanded on his videos. it’s a new era of bill.
his 3d skills are improving
when Bill makes a video the whole world stops
holy fuck
This starts to feel like the Bob Ross of music. Inspiring, soothing, abstract to the point I'm unsure if I understand what the hell happened, exciting, exhausting, and deep.  Musically on another level. Keep up the good work my dude.  EDIT: I guess the analogy isn't perfect because his release schedule isn't like Bob Ross... more like Tool.
This guy motivates me more than my Asian parents
Yesss more song! I've been addicted to yours recently and I'm glad you upload more
Holy sun on a stick, he lives
wooooooooo finallyy!!
why you never upload?
funk yeah :)
this is the most vaguest song Ive ever heard and i love it
well i cried again, i appreciate your music so much
I thought you never gonna upload again
is this real?  is this a dream?
H uploaded on my BDAY!!
This guy motivate me more than my asian parents
the lyrics are so true and dream.  anyone human can dream the dreams.   thank you for dreaming the dreams.
HE UPLOADED THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER
Thank you Bill, very cool
It’s Real :)
the man did it
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AA was so not expecting this!! What an awesome song!! 💖💖💖
Life Good
“Does anyone want to know the reason (for dreamin’?) What’s the reason its pleasin’? Can you dream the reason?” These lines just hit me hard as fuck on a Tuesday afternoon.
Was the beginning in 7/4?
This gives me nostalgic happiness, if that makes sense.
Well hello
Yoooooo new bill wurtz upload
You sound like Owl City.
I see a legend has posted
Me: “the worst thing happened to me today :/“ Friend: “what happened?” Me: “3:38”
This is Bill Wurtz's 420th video. NICE
thought he died again
Now that Bill has uploaded, Sam O' Nella will upload too! Right?
this is real truesic right here
I needed this today. Thanks Bill
How is this not #1 on trending? Bill Wurtz just UPLOADED!!!
Its not 2D :O
My adhd can’t get enough of the visuals and topic jumping 😌✨
Thank you for making a song in 7
Hey just wondering, what would you say this music genre is?
The legend comes back more lengndary then before
is this how our parent's felt about dubstep? I don't get this.
BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Welcome back.
I'm not gonna complain why Bill uploads videos in like "years" but like, I think he's just improving his 3D animation. Since the animation is way more different from before.
“For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” - John 3:16
Why am I crying?!
Bill has really taught something so amazing. You don't have to make a song in any particular way. You can make it about anything in any way. His songs never sound repetitive, and they're always super catchy. I can't help but to keep going back and watch all of his little jingle videos from time to time because it's always a fresh yet familiar feeling. Mad props to you, man.
I can't believe it, he returned!!! This gives me hope
A
HES BACK
NEW BILL WURTZ UPLOAD LET'S GOOOO
Any time this man upload a video, I'm really happy
markov chain radio disney <3
The one thing I love about these songs - unexplainable atmosphere what they bring. It's like... Some kind of nostalgia mixed with a comfort and warmth, I can't really say it otherwise. Just... Bill, thank you for what you're doing.
"Dreams make sense" Yes, indeed they can, even when none of the dream really seems to make sense, you just gotta believe in what it means to you. This song is so beautiful :]
You literally have no idea how much I smiled during this little video 😔❤
bill wurtz white prince
SHEEEEEEEESH
+
This is an absolute bop
RELEASE ON DEEZER
#12 on trending, the return of the king
_Try these speeds_
No way a video! 🐒
My goodness!! Worth the wait
Bill wurtz
His ability to make quite abstract songs but sill maintain a immediately recognizable sound is amazing
My man got 2 million more subs somehow
made my day better
Bill make videos godly
Bill Wurtz is the only youtuber who can't be copied
The king has returned
i'm so grateful this guy uses his powers for good
its giving: dear evan hansen but actually good
Ok Soo there like 136 dislikes and I just want to know WHY
What are the reasons for your choices of harmonic complexity, Mr. Wurtz?? You should be interviewed by a musician like Jacob Collier or someone similarly skilled with harmony and analysis.
Balls2.0
i just realized bill might just be Azathoth... it explains so much
he bacc
Besides how happy Bill makes me feel, we gotta also appreciate how much of a freaking musical genius this one man band is. Listen to that sound design, amazing!
My man's is still alive.
I watch youtube at 2x speed and yhe first 10 seconds of this were interesting before i remembered to change the speed. Then it was great.
thank you
Wake up babe, bill wurtz made a new video
Comment
i am so excited
i'm applying for colleges, and i'm the first person in my family to pursue a higher education. it's stressful and i feel kinda pressured, but this song makes me feel super hopeful, and i guess my 'dream' is gonna be getting into a good college and studying what i want. bill you've done it again :')
bill, dont scare me like that
Eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
And then I fall asleep and dream about this song about dreams
This guy can be a really good music artist if he enters into the music industry.
Still alive!
The legend himself is back
why'd this gives me late 80s Rush vibes
omg the way this song sounds so natural in a 7/4 odd time meter. I LOVE IT!!!
Do you think i'm dying?
Love this do much love the art style so much
Bill is proof that you can't rush perfection. And luckily Bill never rushes!
Plot twist: Bill Wurtz is a Dream stan
I karate chopped my step dad in the throat when I got the notification of this upload!!! 😊 Feeling cute
I like how no matter what he posts he’s gonna end up on the trending tab
i believe in the dream that bill is epik B)
Man just had a really good dream
HES BACK IN ACTION
Babe wake up.  New bill wurtz video.
Best fever dream I have ever had
I think this song was supposed to be a joke but it’s really positive and has a nice meaning/message I love it so much I’d share this with someone who’s depressed aka me
YOOOOO HES BACK
This has anime opening energy
When I thought Bill Wurtz uploading videos was more than a dream
I love this song
This is a literal representation of my dreams
Woooooaaaah yeass
I LOVE IT WHEN HE
OH MY GOD.
YES a bill wurtz vid
video idea: play squid game in roblox
ily bill
HOLY SHIT WHEN THE FUCK DID YOU GET SO GOOD AT .. THIS
I hope this song stays stuck in my head, it made me feel a lot better
Everytime he upload new video: C H A C H A  R E A L  S M O O T H
I love the tightrope between deeply meaningful and utterly ridiculous that Bill’s songs walk, all while being the most catchy things ever.
love the new style of content! keep it up :D
Ah yes my quarterly bill upload the meter has been filled
Ooh 3d animation
Some of the best transitions in all of creation have transitioned here.
the man himself posted another banger
You can't wake up in dream thats reverse pregnancy smh  Im sorry
Jesus Christ this is a fever dream.
I suddenly understand why people find themselves in cults. I'm fully convinced of the meaning of the song but the longer I think about it the less sense it makes.
This legitimately gave me hope, cuz i feel like im slowly drifting away from reality so this helped, thank you so much bill
This is a dream isn't it
SLAY BILL SLAYYYYYYYYYYY
lets dream this dream into reality
The Return of the King
Inception the song
he finally uploaded
Is back is back is back is baaaaaaaaack
I manifested this, you’re welcome guys
new bill wurtz videos always brighten my day. keep it up, bill :)
I like how this is #13 on trending
This is why I love having a dream journal.      And how I phrase my descriptions like I'm being interrogated.
This is the most about something a Bill Wurtz song has ever been
Angelic.
Beautiful.
God tier music.
Love it
Good shit.
Good stuff.
YOOO I WAS CHECKING IF NEW POST TODAY
OH DREAAAM!! OH DREAAAM!!
AMOGUS!?
the best random songmaker in the worldiverse
These key changes omggg
Sheeesh 1 hour gang
This song actually fucking slaps
Huh... Human Music. I like it.
Why does this sound like “requiem” from dear Evan Hansen??????????
Bill's music is the embodiment of happiness
Nice 3D effects!
Yo this is REALY new
BILL WURTZ HI
I love this but I can’t explain why
Hello old friend
exactly what i needed to hear after a long day
:)
A total classic banger. I love the way you've incorporated more 2D elements back into this music video. This is visually your best video ever
Ah~
I love your stuff bill you sound like Phill Collins
W O K E
make full version ok I'm riding a pony
BILL WORK IT
ㄷᴀ ㅜㄷᴀ ㅜㄷᴀ ㅜㄷᴀ ㅜㄷᴀ ㅜㄷᴀ ㅜ
sometimes I play with my willy and the white stuff comes out
He came back!
when the world needed him most, he returned
Remember after I think I might quit when everyone thought Bill might not come back. Yea scary times but he’s here now so😀
Not only did I need to hear this but the fact that Bill Wurtz is the one to say it makes it infinitely better. Thank you Bill 🙏
Me: *wakes up early on a certain day* YouTube: Check out the new video from Bill Wurtz! *Scream intensifies* ＼(◎o◎)／
Its always a good day when Bill Wurtz uplpads
HE IS HERE
turnt
the 3d scribbles at 3:15 is the trippiest thing i've ever seen
Do I really have to unsub? I feel bad
joe
thank you for this video.
Yes the thumbnails was more than a dream… it was George too… do y’all get it??
He do be
why does this slap so goooooooood????
I can't believe he's selling merch!
YES!!!!
oh hes back
He should make more vids like "the history of the world ig" and "history of japan"
So, Bill took the red pill and now wishes he didn't.
ANOTHER GOOG SONG
Oh crap 6 hours ago? BILL WURTZ IS BACK
YES
Just woke up then see this, what a bliss
sounds more like a high
This is honestly one of his best
I keep thinking ur billie eilisht
Bill best content creator hands down
Much love my friend
I love this guy
Hes back
**My day has been made**
(^^♪🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶
i’m so glad he’s back
HE POSTED IT-
I want to genuinely thank you for making music. Thanks for making the world a little better.
Is this a Dream reference?
HIPPP HIPP HOORAY!!!
:0 you posted!! i’ve been waiting for this moment for a long time!! lovely song, btw 💜
There is nothing more positive-inspiring on the internet than Bill Wurtz, just look at the comment section!
dang i also woke up today
Love you bill.
I hate Dream-ception. It makes it so hard to tell if i have actually eaten.
It ALMOST sounds like a normal pop song
Bill is one of my favorite artists this is a great day
Good Bad Up Down Calm Strong Kind Mad Bland Yes Messed Cranked Off-brand Sunk Flung Tender Brunt Moot Mute Observed Sordid Merged Turnt
:O
Bill Wurts 2: Electric Boogaloo
H.P Lovecraft be like
BILL
The lyrics are so silly but so deep at the same time.
if you ever feel down, just remember:  bill is always working on a new song.
Not more than a dream, more than a prayer answered... i had a panic attack just before I saw this, thinking some...bad things, and I was ready to have to go through a long panic attack and be freaking out all night. Little did i know Bill wurtz would post. A miracle, and I thank you for your kind and healing words Mr wurtz. Thank you so much.
My dream of Bill Wurtz uploading a new video came true
The prodigal son has returned!
turnt! it's hard to beat everyday!
"Dreaming about the things I dreamed" Ah yes, the floor is made out of floor
Thank you for helping me remember.
All of Bill Wurtz's videos: *Fever dream on steroids* Video Title: More than a dream Everyone: "WOW! finally something different!" The video: *Just another chaotic fever dream*
More than a dream: Beating this content quality
"you were out of my league- oh nvm"
I think this video is a Bill Wurtz dream and he actually made it into reality
dreams make sense and all the best dreams will be dreamed again and on the best days you'll believe again that the best dreams will be real again  my favorite part of the lyrics (pretty awesome chords and key changes at that part too)
One of your worst videos, at most it's a 9/10
Can we take a moment to appreciate bill’s visuals? As someone who has dabbled with after effects and photoshop this stuff is damn impressive! His 3D stuff is really improving as well!!!
"Julia, I mean, Bill!  Is that BLENDR?!"
What I love about Bill's lyrics are that they sound exactly like what you would write at 11pm in the final paragraph of an essay that's due the next morning just to hit the word count
Only this man could take 1 sentence and make it into something that gets #13 on trending
what the hell is this
I wonder what he thinks. The dreamer of the dream in a more realistic scene?
The video thumbnail looks like bowling alley carpet
This. This is a dream.
7.5 trillion chance of bill uploading
Let’s gooooooooooo
Is this a dream?
Every dream is all well and good until you suddenly wake up due to a random explosion or your alarm ringing.
Yes
1:49 oh man key change!
Return of the king
I like how all of bill’s videos get on trending
It's a shame that I can't dream very often
And he's back!    3:21 "dreams" turns into "scenes" for a short time
Bill Wurtz should collab with Ben Levin
Legend.
this video is normal.
Anyone else notice this video uploaded exactly 6 months after his last video
Owowowowowo
Thank you so much for this birthday present, Bill
Is this on Spotify?
Less of a groove, more of an abstract thing, but good art none the less.  I just want to know how you get that bass tone.
The like to dislike ratio on this video is godly
Yesss beautiful
Blessed day
HE'S BACK!
Eeeyyyy our boy is here
Not the hero we wanted, the hero we needed
Better than 100% of the music being produced now.
I’m too high for this, I’m coming back in the morning
the legend has returned
hes back
another banger, as usual
HE UPLOADED
incredibly catchy
oh my god it's a very good day all of a sudden!
i was wondering this morning where was he and bam he posts 😏
Its is funni so much
Dream, and maybe together we can shape reality to be a little closer to what we dream of. What more can you really ask for, anyway?
babe wake up , new bill wurtz dropped
But then when we wish it’s not a dream it is a dream.
I just woke up, had an Amazibg dream, and this is what i wake up to...  Amazing.
This might be your greatest work yet.
I think you would be a great math teacher  Not because you say confusing things, but because I understand them for some reason
I am convinced this is a new art form.
didn't understand it but it's a good song anyways
Be careful of death 13.
Bill has returned
Context: Bill became the president
This truly is a unique art form, we are blessed to be able to witness it
It's like his voice is the best positive voice in the world
I swear to god, every one of his songs make less sense the more you understand them, and every one is like a drug trip while you're sober
Feel: good
this felt so hopeful and happy in that really disembodied and surreal way wurtz does best
I'd be down to hang out in a VR world you've made with these models. Seems like it would be calming.
this is beautiful
i like this
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
"I can't believe what i'm seeing" Same
Unironically, this made me cry.
:)
This feels like a massive step up from previous songs you've made Bill, I'm seriously impressed... The lyrics feel really inspired, more coherrent and themed than normal, couldn't help but swing in my seat... I hope to see another piece of content of this quality in the future, it's amazing. <3
It’s been 84 years bill
bill coming out to release another jam. thanks man!
Its been so long
I love how joyful and surreal billwurtz songs are, its just mindless jamming to random words
ITS CHRISTMAS BILL UPLOADED
1:48 is the most musically pleasing sht i've heard in months
My heart skipped a beat..BILL WE LOVE YOU #BILLSIPREMACY
yessssssssssssssssssssss
His videos are now like, inspiring
Bois this do be trending .😎
the sun is a deadly lazer
My birthday wish came true!
He’s back!?
Ok,  I will cry now
But how am I supposed to believe in my dreams, bill?
why does this song actually slap tho
YOO HE UPLOADED
Bill where were you and how long will it be till the next vid
Dream
Bruh new vid pog
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!
These used to be funny and worth watching but this is just shit unsubscribed
Bill this fucking slaps. Thank you.
I may have just recently discovered Bill Wurtz music, but it's all amazing. We all dreamed for another song, and I now that it's here, it feels amazing.
When the world needs him the most  He returned
whenever Bill uploads its like *A BLESSING FROM THE GODS*
Man you get a proper feeling on happiness while hearing these songs
An abundance of circles, squares, and triangles..hm.. someone's been watching Squid Game...
bills music is the blessing that era needs. divine timing
great song i always love it when i open yt to see that you post something, best part of the day thanks:)
my beloved
He woke up in a dream tho 😳
YES THE KING IS BACK AGAINNNNNN
Existence is a singular consciousness dreaming itself to be billions of entities believing themselves to be seperate.  We live in a dream.
This is the video we needed
Beautiful nonsense, thank you
When the world needed him the most he came back
BILL POST I REPEAT BILL POST
babe wake up bill wurtz posted a new song
Just what i needed to deal with school issues : )
epic
Congrats on waking up tho 👌👌
today i woke up
yoo
When the edible kicks in
today he woke up and uploaded
very amaing
Blub am Shark
Pog
Bill I love your shit, but I wish you'd challenge yourself to something bigger, I know you have some crazy and incomprehensible artistic vision that I want to see unrestrained
Think I’m gonna use this song as a time for my pasta
It's confusing on how this is motivating me to have a good day. Thanks bill.
My guy just cured sleep paralysis...
I promise, it’s worth it ❤️
Bro left for 6 months and came back with a banger!
bill wurtzchestershire
my man finally uploaded
Thank you, king
I don't think Bill has changed (physically) since he started appearing in his videos And he never stopped putting out bops, either. This is going in my playlists
hey guys what if .......  we live in a dream
2999999999999999999999999      Qwert
Quite the masterpiece. Oozing positivity, hitting those high notes, and the lyrics brought to life with the trippy and chaotic video that is the trademark of Bill.   You’ve done it again, Mr. Wurtz.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I just love how his artstyles are slowly coming together🥲🥲🥲
His back better than ever
I'm late but good stuff as always Bill!
maybe the best song ever?
The legend is back
I’ll be getting a tattoo of that little dood at the beginning of the video in that sick pose! I love him!!
The king has returned
3d modeling now
Beautiful
❤️
this one sounded so good in my ears and made my body dance a little bit in all the directions I could manage
The legend has returned. Thank you.
Finally
Ngl I wasn't paying attention to any of that
I dream of eating blades of grass
It’s always a good day when ol pappy bill wurtz uploads
Dang! Now this is equally liminal as the old Bill! Extremely happy for that!
That 6 month delay must have been rendering this masterpiece
This is groovy AF.
what a great day
YOU UPLOADEEEEEEEEED
We did what we did because we needed to protect you from 'the machine'-- eg, if & when you sell out, you're on that Louis CK level of take the money & make your dreams come true.
OMG I love this, I love you, this is so cool
"Yesterday seem so normal" Impossible.
DREAM
🌸If you’re reading this … I wish you  JOY, PEACE, WEALTH, and DIVINITY  x 1,000,000 in every area of your life!🌸🌸 desejo-te divindade 🌸🌸 Ich wünsche dir Göttlichkeit 🌸🌸 te deseo divinidad 🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸🌸
The return of the king
So are all of Bill's videos just his personal dream diary?
Bill you are a gift upon this land
he uploaded nice
It’s been awhile hasn’t it
This man has improved so much, this upload gives me true happiness
We've bicded enough, this is perfection.  The use of art style, the resolution, the colorspace, the resolution, the encoding quality, the pre-amps, everything.  What are we gonna do, explain HDR to you?  We forced you to become an encyclopedia of self-made, you'll figure it out when the time comes in like 2 hours, with another 6 to adjust workflow.
yay
And he came back five months later
Bill if you released an album I would instantly buy the record
Dreamception
truesic
Yay he’s back
hi bill💙
always a great day when we get new bill wurtz music
Better than the dream song.
that wo wo wo part was so fricking smooth
YOOOOOOO!!!!!
Bill Wurtz vids are always a treat
Imagine Disliking
why this makin me emotional ;~;
HES BACK BOIS
It got better the more I watched.
THE GOD IS BACK
I qm happy that ur back yay
Hhhu
He dreamed a dream of time gone by
"Getting a good night's sleep" Same bro, with emphasised quotation marks.
Sounds sick! Love the change @1:49
That was an absolute banger as always! I hears some cheeky new ideas in there :D
Bill has more subs than you and he always will. Dream your dream. (To all the checkmarks trying to get noticed). To Bill: you never wanted this, but here it is. Happy now? Seems like it.
all of his music is a wacky lsd trip and i love it
david byrne hours
Huh, weird, I thought I was dreaming at first when I saw a new post from Bill Wurtz. What a coincidence…
Am I dreaming or did bill wurtz post a video nah no way he wouldn't do that
this is not a dream, this is more like an acid trip
Finally
Huh
“Dreams make sense” - Bill
Life can be weird, unpredictable, and uncomfortable. I'm glad we have the ability to dream of better things. Had a smile on my face during the whole song. Beautiful work.
Martin Luther King Jr. been awfully quiet since this dropped
HES ALIVE
It was so good it felt like a 30 minute video almost!
god this is soooo good
oh hey bill you died again
Upload
Bill Wurtz's videos are smoking the weed from inception, a dream in a dream in a dream.
Pog! Bill posted!
"Today I woke up....in a DREAM!"
babe wake up new bill wurtz dropped
You can hear how his voice has matured, i freaking love it
The return of the king-
am i the only one who feels like bill wurtz's bass lines are super underappreciated, like jeez
The moment one of Bill Wurtz's songs ends, it's like waking up from an awesome dream and feeling the memory slip away, until you listen again/fall back asleep.  The way he uses lyrics, song forms, harmony, and rhythm all paint this beautiful blurry tapestry which comes the closest to what it feels like to be dreaming, and I love it so much.  Bill if you read this, thank you for all your hard work!  Also you and Jacob Collier need to do a collaboration, it would be groundbreaking.
lesgoo
Dream stans rejoicing
<3
"The best dreams can be real again!"  Oh, ya don't say ;)
RETURN OF THE KING
omg
Sometimes when I've had enough of life Bill comes around and shines down on me 🥰 Thank You Bill!
As always, this channel is the better thing EVER on youtube
i literally just had a nightmare last night this feels like a threat
some of us lived through the 80's and 90's , Bill Wurtz still exist in that time and never left ...
He returns once again!
Ah yes my favourite day of the week, *turnt*
Nice
Lovin the new Dream SMP!
You're always Welcome Bill.
Today’s better than a dream.
Bill is back?! ...this must be a dream
Everytime i watch one of these i feel oddly free and brainwashed at the same time.
0:54 OwO
This raised my hope in humanity, it ain't gonna last long, but it happened...
Any day that Bill Wurtz has a new video out is a good day
Me here dreaming about him making another history video
Bill's back? yay. Bill will leave for an undetermined amount of time now, huh? nay.  Well, until next time then. Happy to see you still exist. ^^
Trending is more than a dream
More than a dream: It's Bill Wurtz
YES
Thank you! :D
I dreamed this day would come.
“The best dreams can be dreamed again” idk if that was just some on-brand nonsense, but I really like that line
I wanna hear this guy on my radio
Santiy restored
will burtz makes great music you can literally just vibe to
I dream about the drrams I dream.  ᴡ ʜ ᴀ ᴛ
He uploaded…it’s a miracle
And just like that, the legend returns.
I love that these are primarily constructed as esoteric and weird, almost shitpost material and they expect you to realise it right away. But, every now and then, the lyrics just make a whole lot of sense and sometimes become inspirational and uplifting and not at all the kind you'd expect from a meme, before very, *_very_* rapidly reminding you that it is still just as strange as it began.  And, honestly, I'm here for it.
The amount of effort that went into improving his style just shows
Basically a dream inside a dream
Almost 4 minutes of bill wurtz, damn this really is more than a dream.
get this man on Yo Gabba Gabba
You have so much fun with your lyrics, it's a pleasure to perceive.
I definitely did not gave up my 14 win streak in skywars just to watch dis
HES BACK
i needed this
I love this new 3D stuff, thanks for the upload
i think this is my favorite song of yours yet, bill
He has returned, again.
*bill my boi what have you been doing for the past five months*
Teacher: What’s more important than my class that you’re daydreaming about? Me: *It’s complicated.*
The best song in existence. Period.
this will fit nicely into my Bill Wurtz jukebox musical
HES BACK
BACK WOW.
_(sniffs)_ It's beautiful.
Bill has returned again! Still releasing these bangers
Back
Bill's songs feel like they have 7 different choruses. It's great
This is art this is pure imagination rare to find make this man blow up
he’s back! (?)
Idk what i was expecting today when i wokr up but i wasn't expecting bill to upload
bill wurtz back with bangers, feeling like im in a dream
That last line hit hard.
Ur back finally
Ah yes, the king is here
Feels like homeboy read my mind today, holy shit, makes me believe the hive mind exists.
that's what the mask is..
👌👌👌
dude honestly you're at the same level of Jacob Collier. I even managed to get confused for like 1 second like "is this made by Jacob" and nope its not haha but this is amazing
What is this type of music name?
ohmygOSH HE UPLOADEDDD
The king is back LET'S FCKIN GOOOOO
This is so perfect
I'm not too late for another "Bill making history" Right?
yayyyy
LETS GOOO
Ah, so COVID was all just a dream-
YO some of the segments in the song slap really hard tho. Like, UNUSUALLY hard. Sick harmonies!  You just keep getting better and better man!
YES BILL YES BILL YES BILL Welcome back???
now that i think about it i think a bill wurtz and jacob collier collab would be amazing
Glad your back
OMg he Uploaded 😱
Honestly, this is a vibe, we still love you my guy, never, in your whole live ever give up on your dreams, and I mean that, see you in the next one
AW HELL YEA NEW VID
Dweam
For anyone who isn't aware, Bill has uploaded some new songs on Spotify as well.
Wow he made a song about the sun coming and this one is about yesterday... is bill wurtz turning into the Beatles?
Cool beans
thanks Bill,, u & ur music are helping me survive the rest of high school
Why is this actually a banger tho
Thank you Bill...The dreaming princess with lots of money.
You won't believe how fast a smile came to my face when i saw this notification.
Cool, new video makes my day
smoothest transition to 3-d. i could NOT have visualised your style so well in a different dimension but you've executed it so well
See y'all mfs in months
Every day really does feel different. I get these random moments of prescence and I really acknowledge that I am alive, and more importantly, dissatisfied.
THE KING (PRINCESS) IS BACK!! AGAIN!!!
Thank you for coming back
Glad your back on youtube bill :)
Wow, this, is, amazing!!
yes!
Me: *head slamming and rocking out* My friends: “I wonder what he’s listening to?” Me:
Couch
Sorry honey, our wedding is gonna have to wait. Bill Wurtz just uploaded!
Everyone: Thanks for saving my life🥺 Bill: I'm literally just a talented artist  (you're much more than that Bill)
Post meme here about everything being less important than a Bill upload
The king is back
idk why but these videos from bill give me an intense sensation of happiness.
I love Bill's songs because the lyrics are like music written by a bot so they make just enough nonsense to be comprehensible but they're also just slightly askew and a bit cheesy in a fun way.   And also the bot exclusively wears Screech's "Saved by The Bell" outfits.
I didn't even write a root comment on this one, and I don't know whether that's a good or a bad sign, or both. Or neither? 🤔
this dream is the best thing that ever happened to me and you
this 3D bill wurtz animation era is a TRIP and I am so here for it
Listening to Bill Wurtz is the musical equivalent of drinking an ice cold glass of water after eating a mint
bill wurtz uploads a video, the day has become instantly better
Yooo he’s actually back I thought he had left to study 4D animation so he could make songs that would break our screens
That's pretty ᦋꪹꪮꪮꪜꪗ
new vid
Yeah.
Xd
Beautiful, truly a blessing
I agree with this whole heartedly
Nice he’s back
POV: Bill Wurtz but with better graphics
The amount of times I watch a new bill wurtz video:  1x: Just to experience it the first time  2x: To find little details I missed  3-20x: Put it on loop because I like this song  25x: To find little details I missed while watching the video  26-40x: To find even more details I missed while I had my eyes glued to the screen  41-124x: This song's been on loop for the past 4 hours, ain't no way I'm stopping now!  125x+: I've listened to this song so many times that it's been stuck in my head for the past 3 months...                    I adore every moment of it
One new upload: 😒 Its bill wertz: 😁
"Today a woke up"
IM SO HAPPY
How is this better than 90% of the music i hear now!?
So I had a crying reaction, and I have absolutely no idea why.  Maybe I'm broken?
I am a simple man: I see Bill Wurtz, I click
all of his music sounds so... pleasant
This is more than a dream :D
I once had a dream that I was a *Verified YouTuber* and my benign comment got thousands of likes.
HE IS BACK!
After many years, the legend has returned.
Imagine if music like that was the most listened all over the world on the radio, TV, clubs...etc, average person's IQ would be as high as a random telephone number, and we would have lived a much better live.
that long break really improved your 3d animating skills!! good job
imagine being in a room with the 104 people who disliked this video
When we needed him the most, he appeared  Back to the void for another 8 months.
3:18 owo
---
hi
"what genre do you listen to?"  "uhh... it's complicated"
my ears are vibing right now 😌
🙏
Good news when dreaming.  Good news when awake.
I definitely needed to hear this today
God has blessed us all with the return of bill wurtz
Make too much sense its not the same anymore
5M
We missed you Bill
Wow
I'm so happy kiss from France
I never knew that I needed to hear Bill say owo until now... And so close to 2022 no less-
Cool
Yoo bill
Holy shittttt am I dreaming?
have you ever seen the videos about teaching an AI about music and seeing what it comes up with from all that data it got fed? this feels like what some AI would come up with, and I kinda like it
YES
I really thought the video was about Bill uploading a new video-
This is quality for abstract art.
yay
It really good. I love yours songs. Keep making more, and always be self
PSA: 3d animation takes time and that's ok
My day is complete now that bill has uploaded
Everyone here trying to think of something funny because they know if they get top comment it’ll be the top comment on his latest video for a long time while I’m just here pointing that out and trying to make people laugh that way.                       My head hurts
hes back
this legitimately would make a really good "inspirational closing" song for a movie
Bill keeps improving. It just gets better and better.
??????????????????????????????????????????
😁😁
You know when you have a nap and when you wake up you're not sure if it is 6pm, Tuesday or 2088. This video is that
This is literally what my dreams are lmao
d r e a m .
I wear a mask with a smile for hours at the time
bill
Might be my favourite one tbh
Supported you're not on MTV or the news despite having more subs then Sabaton.
New video              nice
The day that Bill Wurtz and Jacob Collier do a collab in any sort of way is the day that I can die happy
The animation is fantastic
2 hours and already 155k views
He’s back!
Well and truly in 80s sitcom mode this time 😊
one of his bests, I like how it has a more consistent beat
I had a dream last night about boxed soup mix. I woke up missing our boy, and here he is!
Bill is like my dad he comes back when he needs money and leaves again
Whole lotta circles, triangles, and squares... Somebody's been watchin' Squid Game
I am so mad at my Youtube notifications for being late YET AGAIN Amazing video as always
This is not a dream. Bill has blessed us with another banger of a very real song.
always a good day when bill uploads
Are the shapes a squid game reference or just funny timing?
I was thinking this was a very satisfying yet pretty "standard" song for it being Bill Wurtz, and then 1:00 hit and I was like "oh yeah, there it is"
Guys I think he had more than a dream
Thank you, Bill.
ok
wake up babe, new bill wurtz upload
Maerd
💃🏽💃🏽💃🏽💃🏽
PP
This is the first time I've noticed Bill's website and i have to say at least the notebook is a trip
420th video from him
I'mma be honest, I'd rather leave my girlfriend than never see this man again
There's no way this vid exist. I must be SLEEPWALKING
i literally just had a dream about having cancer what the hell
Wew
We were all thinking you disappeared into the abyss of time for another two and a half years But hey col song les gooooooo
"Dreams can be much better than anything is supposed to be." I'm crying. There are tears on my face. Because I knew that about dreams once. And Bill Wurtz reminded me today.   Mr. Wurtz, your lyrics are thought provoking and abstract in such refreshing ways. Thank you for all you do. And for helping me remember to dream at all.
Why is bill wurtz such a vibe? Answer: because it is
"babe wake up, bill wurtz posted a video"
HES BACK, WITH 8.3K COMMENTS WITHIN 2 HOURS
Been listening to music since I’ve woke up and I’ve only had good songs, then you upload and I can’t see how today could get better.
good music
Me: Beginning of the week, I've got an exam tomorrow, my back hu- Bill Wurtz: *uploads* Me: Good day.
Today is a wonderful day.
thanks bill
I want to believe again. Thank you, bill. <3
Amazing song
cool
woooo hi welcome back
Had a feeling something was coming been watching his vids for 2 days straight after I remembered here comes the sun
HES BACK
hi bill
bean
Dream after he takes his normal pills:
Hello Bill
Bill uploading a video is enough of a dream for me
this video just helped me refresh my mind enough to do my math homework. so thank you
Day 1 Gang.
"man I know you're blind, but you gotta see this" CIT.
Another instant hit, and wow how good did it hurt
Just commenting because it's supposedly good for the YouTube algorithm! Thanks for another amazing song and video bill! You're the best!!
best 3.41 minutes of my life
Bill: dreams make sense! Me: so that was a fucking lie :)
Who dislikes this…
Today was a terrible, awful, no good day. So when I got home completely exhausted and got the notification that Bill Wurtz had uploaded, I felt like I was blessed.
^_^ <3 love it.
I thought that the animations in “Got Some Money” were good....    Until I saw this.
You know it’s a good day when bill uploads
This is what YOUtube is about
it’s good to see you back, bill…
:O
The tempo reminds me of solsbury hill. Was this on purpose?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
this feels like a fever dream.... wait!
i never have good dreams. or maybe i only remember the bad ones?
Why I'm Subscribed:
'Scuse me while I just add this to my driving playlist...🥸
I don't know why, but everything being about being in a dream, and it ending "Today, I woke up" gave me chills--
the  part going down the road 🥺
3:18 owo
YIIO
How did he make 7/4 sound so natural
Sometimes you forget Bill Wurtz is a real person.
i love you
THE LEGEND IS BACK
Can we take a moment to acknowledge how long this must have taken to edit?
Once again bill is awesome and everyone is made happier.
"Today I woke up"  Same bro :pensive: :punch:
When I was dreaming, I was dreaming in a dream where I saw Dream in my dream within my dream. I don't know if that's possible but I guess you could say it was an inception to the rule.
What if we made a huge chain of: more than a dream
POGG
>drops a bop >refuses to elaborate >leaves
His lyrics are very clever.
is it just me or are his vocals like twice as amazing as usual here
The sun came out, he woke up. I'm not gonna wait for the sun to go down again.
Beautiful, Bill.  Beautiful.  Thank you!
it went from epik cool 3d to epik cool old Bill Wurtz
*my guy is back after 6 month*
Certainly sounds quite dreamy. Another jazzy banger from the wurtz machine.
Finally after months of waiting and looking on my recommended 😢.
Nice. Beautiful. Solid.
truesic is a bop, love it
Most wonderful
You can tell how much his animations improved, like the stick dude looks much more better now, but he still looks funny  Edit:  i forgot he made videos before this (that aren't about history)
Swag
This is surreal but beautiful... Art?
Now we just need Sam O’Nella to come back
A miracle.
our beloved has returned
The king strikes once again
Pog
the parallax at the mountain/"you and me" part was epic
So worth the wait!
Wish this was at the top of my recommended rather than sopranos clips
hold on, babe, new bill wurtz just dropped
the man is back
Bill has transcended to another dimension. 3 dimension.
Hi Bill
You can make a religion out of this.
Yes new bill wurtz
Gutten
WELCOME BACC
This gives off early Owl City vibes but is very much unique. I love it!
NICE
When he said something about dreams, we all felt that.
real
every time bill uploads everyone comes together in the comments from everywhere
New Bill Wurtz vid :D
woo!
He back again
He’s back…
Bill Wurtz uploaded, on my birthday? More than a dream
Bill, you can't be doing this to us.
Reminds me of that one time I saw a cow in a field and was like "wow thats trippy"
:00
A BLESSING FROM THE LORD!
Bop
That's a human person
dream #1 minecraft player i love dream minecraft!!!!!
I swear in some images that ive seen places in my dreams. bill are you in my dreams?
all of bills videos feel like a dream
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS HES ALIVE
I've never seen a bad bill wurtz video. I love the effort he puts into every video as he experiments with different styles. Its quite amazing how he can just do a little experiment yet make something so amazing.
3:37 Today I woke up Got me
But he came back!
I missed you bil
absolute banger as usual
This just made my day
Please release this on spotify! I love your music so much
Happy bill wurtz upload time :)
Wooh yeah baby, that's what I've been waiting for
when do we get another history of video? those are easily your best
Thank u buddy
oh it’s you
I love when this guy decides to upload
This is a special day
Watched this first thing in the morning upon waking up.
Such an amazing track.  Bill Wurtz has such a unique style so unlike anything else you hear nowadays and it’s awesome. 👍👍😁
neat
Another hit!
BUT HE CAME BACK!!!
bill what is an apple
Yes thats the stuff I desire!
Yes I'm so glad you exist
That’s it. This one is my favorite.
Billbillbillbillbillbillbillbill
cheerios?
Wow counter: undefined
I always get so excited to listen to a new Wurtz track
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, NEW VIDEO
bill i sometimes dream about you but i don’t even know how you look like so i dream that you look like that dude from that one ‘i can’t believe you’ve done this’ vine. you give of that dudes vibe ya feel me yea.
Bill Wurtz is like modern art, but actually good
Bill’s back!
Bill Wurtz the music guy
Babe wake up bill wurtz posted
Thank you Bill, this one hit hard.
needed this rn thanks bill
yes
Woke up today. Saw this. Today is gonna be awesome.
Yoooooooo Cool
It only took six months for the king to return
Main Theme for Inception 2
This is a comment
I wonder what he finds more dificult, the music or the visuals
i really love the lyrics in this one, and the vocal expression sounds really good in comparison to your past works, have you been practicing that?   love this song, welcome back bill :)
I could tell this took 6 months to make
"today i woke up"  *sadness intensifies*
first and last (but not middle) step to not let our dreams just be dreams, according to bill: (1) wake up
Bill wurtz the kind of hero to end covid
YAAAYYY!!! BILL WURTZ IS BACK!!!!
<3
Please don't tell me this video's just a dream.  I'm so, so happy to have Bill return. He's the good ending of the dad that went out to fetch cigarettes.
Oh man auch beautiful voice with amazingly amazing animation makes perfect music
true[sic] cracked me up so much oh my god
omg it's bill wurtz
It’s a good day, today
This song is deeper then you might realize. Glad to see Bill back!
Yoooooooooooo i just woke up and dream of ...... Wtf i just forgot
Certified bop
YES
i mean... same
Wake up babe new Bill Wurtz dropped
ITS A DREAM THAT HE POSTED
Blah blah I'm awash in a sea of comments this is awesome art is so amazing thank you Bill
Funny history man can sing better than some Broadway actors and has visual effects that rival some of the best on gone platform? Thank you Bill, very cool
Bill Wurtz can take any ordinary sentences and make them into an extremely catchy song
Bruh
everytime Bill uploads I am happy. simple as that
he backk
I never thought I'd see the day he made a new video this truly is more than a dream
Such a nice bunch of emotions
LET'S GOO AWESOME 3D BILL!
this goes hard
The return of the king.
Best video ever
ooo nice!
Wurtz is back 😍
Guys i think he's telling us about his dreams
I need bill and nelward to collab
i have a single word.  bop.
yes
HES BACK
For some reason I find some of these videos deep and relaxing I’m concerned help me :(
"Let me not mar that perfect dream with an auroral stain, but so adjust my daily night so that it may come again." -Emily Dickinson
Ong I missed you
dream stans seeing the thumbnail be like: *DNF CONFIRMED?!?* 😰
How do you even describe Bill’s music style? It so unique that he’s created an entirely new genre
One of my favorites. Pure artistry and vibes
This is a different kind of art
AHHHHHJ BILL WURTzzzzzz AHHHHHHH
yay he uploaded
YOOOOOOOOO
I can't think of another musician that makes me smile so much with every song. So many beautiful little moments and wild surprise harmonic shifts that plaster a stupid grin on your face.
congratulations!
This is what billions of years of evolution has built up to... And it was all worth it.
Bill just casually uploading a flood of seratonin for us. King.
Dreams do come true
so. confirmed. bill wurtz has been turnt he's had a turnt day bill turnt turnt wurtz bill turnt REAL
More than music
his music videos are so creative.
if you ever release an album, i will buy it.
Very interesting about no one commenting “IS THAT A DREM REFERENCE!??! O MY GODNESS!!.” (yes godness not goodness)
When the world needed him most, he returned
We missed you😭 another banger by Bill
Imagine telling someone new to the channel this is the most normal thing Bill has uploaded
PLARP
today i woke up
I don't think bill wurtz took his normal pills last night
No one: Absolutely no one: Not even me:   Bill wurtz: **proceeds to upload an amazing new video**
Remind me of the Sign 'O' the Times video in a few clips. Good stuff!
hey brother. im about 42mg in. this is doing absolutely incredible things to my brain. thanks
Big day
This must be a dream
He finally uploaded
me disassociating:
So I just woke up from a nap and I think I'm high.
honey wake up, new bill wurtz video
love it
His brain is not anything like ours and I appreciate that
homie creates a beat, some lyrics that sometimes grammatically make sense and creates a random animation and we're here for it
That 1231234 is really catchy, idk the right term
Return of the King
the man the myth the legend has returned with another fucking banger
"I've slipped into chaos"
Today is a amazing day
Beautiful
Sounds a lot like Solsbury Hill by Peter Gabriel
this is weird i literally just checked yesterday to see if there was a new video after getting a feeling there was one and today there is one. spooky
Pog more bill
I think I've been awake for too long I'm falling down another youtube rabbit hole
Positive time! Anything can be more than a dream if you try hard enough! You can do it :)
When a popular youtube uploads: MUST COMMENT NOW!!!!  When Bill Wurtz uploads: I must watch the video to its completion first as that is what is most imporant right now :)
omg thank u sir this was lovely
this is a deeply troubled man
one day bill will be used to making both 3d and 2d animations
Bill my man! You uploaded again!
i understand why this video took so long to make
New song :D
wow
Was just thinking yesterday “Man I haven’t seen a new song from Bill in a while…” Maybe I dreamt it?
Today i woke up to    a new Bill Wurtz Video
This made my day and its going to make my week better
hooow do you just like, slide trough all these different chords without me even noticing
I’m dreaming of you
i have been having a really sucky day and now its top 7 this week
Yooo
Bill doesn't monetize. Unless things have changed. But so... is this what's happening with YouTube still running an ad before and after his video? Even when Bill doesn't want ads?   That means YouTube full ad revenue off Bill's video.   Because Bill should be getting the money, not YouTube.  YT literally eats its own young.
the Gen Z penultimate "I Have a Dream" speech
bill wurtz is a [Big Shot]
my dream was real, he uploaded! :)
I’d love to see him branch out a bit in terms of composition. I feel like his animation and music production skills have really improved, but many of the songs still sound like different version of the same thing to me. Not to be a harsh critic, just something I’d like to hear as someone who enjoys what he does.
Only true fans stayed subscribed when bill wurtz didnt post for a long time
Everyday I wonder if The History of the World I guess will ever be beaten. It is the best video on YouTube
the g.o.a.t has finally upladed again 🙏🙏
"Every thing is so hard to believe" It's hard for me to believe that I'm alive so I guess I'm dead.
see you guys in a year or so
he... he came back... the realm is saved!
Well... it's 00:12 AM in my timezone now so I think I'm going to sleep and then  ̶h̶a̶v̶e̶ ̶a̶ ̶n̶i̶c̶e̶ ̶d̶r̶e̶a̶m̶  wake up in a dream.
Loving how positive his recent songs have been lately. Really gives me the feeling he's doing better, and I'm happy for him.
Today i woke up.  Bill 2021
Yesterday was normal…
Hi your on a rock, floating in space... The start of one of the most famous videos I've seen on YouTube  And the legend uploads once more
"Feel free to belive in the things you dream of" the most touching thing he has ever said
best musician award goes to bill wurtz
HE'S RETURNED WITH ANOTHER VIBE
YOUR BACK
I think I might be dreaming right now Bill uploaded
Just spent thr last 3:41 smiling, amazing as always!
"The dream can be the best thing that happened to you and me. " "find a way to belive in the dream"           Meanwhile the dream: my teacher gave me a Playstation wii as my report card so I turned into a pancake.
Inception: the Dream
This guy is his own music genre and art aesthetic
i needed this song :)
This song SLAPS!🎉❤
420th video.
That was the longest 3 minutes 41 seconds of my life. But I don't mean that negatively.
YAY MORE BILL!!!
Is it me or does Bill Wurtz kinda look like Ranboo....
S L A P S. It S L A P S.   It's truly a dream come true, to see another bill wurtz song come out on what's been a "eh" day.
when bill wurtz starts speedrunning minecraft
Bill wurtz? More like Bill Bestz
You can't find another human like Bill, and that's sad.
Bill is back!
I love your animation style, it's so cool!
Damn Bill I'm crying in joy because you did an update after months and it's such a masterpiece it's perfect
is it just me or are his lyrics getting more coherent?
wake up babe, new bill wurtz upload
When Bill Uploads a new Video it's Like you meet a friend you havent Seen in a Long Long time
BILL WURTZ UPLOAD LETS GOOOOO
bill is magnificent, he is so magnificent he made me turn my ways into simping for grass.
I love this guy
"Today I woke up"
1:45  Doctor's handwriting be like:
my dream is to see a bill wurtz and jack stauber collab
Yaaaaaaaas
here before 200k views
Man all these new ones are so rad
Thank you for uploading finally music man
Looking forward to next year’s video.
"Bill Wurtz" rearranged is "Miracle", coincidence? I dont think so.
Bill's music is modern, but the background video always feels like a fever dream
He's baaaaaaaack
O
Produces song = 1 week Creates animation = 6 months  So THAT’S where he’s been 😩
I needed this. Thanks again, Bill.
Martin Luther King Jr. would be proud.
this is a dream
Absolutely amazing! Thank you so much for this masterpiece.
amazing
This certainly is a bop
This song has some kind of magic to it where I just suddenly smile and I can't stop it.
Amazing composition, regular font and abstract animation makes this so pleasant to watch, I simply love it!  I can't believe this lasted 3:41, it seemed way more! Leaving the studio!
Imagine if this is just an elaborate arg
My friend: "So, what genre of music are you listening to?" Me: "It's difficult..."
this felt like a dream but the good kind of dream where before you forget all about it you smile thinking about how good it was
This song was such a dream.
Every day Bill uploads is a good day
I'm glad to share a world with bill
H E  B A C C
AAAAAA♡♡♡
bill, i followed you many years ago for the History of Japan video. hot damn if i dont enjoy your musical content just as much, if not more. you do great work. (Keep up your progress. i can see the learning progression in blender!)
My dream would be Bill Wurtz making another history video
Bill: on a cool               breeze                          sunday Date: Tuesday October 19th Me: Close enough
My dream has come true :-)
woah
he makes me so happy idk why
I was here
I didn’t know I needed this😂
When the world needs him, he came back.
Another banger
nice
A new song from Bill about dreams-- how nice ✨
return of the king, i miss you
the legend has provided, we shall be saved.
:)
The nonexistent positive message on this one hits hard
Today I woke up. And trump was president? So I thought I’d go back to sleep til Biden. Then back to sleep until World War Three
0:46 just a time stamp for myself
nice
Can I say, the 3D has grown on me and I love it! It’s so bill wurst, like his drawings just became 3 dimensional
Every Bill Wurtz video is a revelation in the "divine or supernatural disclosure to humans of something relating to human existence or the world" sense. I know cause I saw it in a dream
Quality Whateverthefuck, my favorite!
As he came back, he disappeared again.
Bill has that style that makes you feel like you're on LSD but at the same time you can somehow comprehend what's going on.
Another beauty, bill. The beeps and the boops make your words so special.
Bill woke up and made his dream, and I can’t stop singing it xD b
huh
Adds to playlist*
These are seriously very upbeat lyrics compared to some of your previous ones.  I feel like you're doing better now, Bill. I'm glad.  Very good job on this one. It feels very good to hear it.
Dreams are how the brain trains itself. This video is how dreams dream.
Guys I think bill is watching me because last night I had a dream where I woke up Into a dream help-
LETS GO HES BACK AND BETTER THAN EVER
He’s evolving
the return of the king
first hour tickets claim here
Funny story, just last night I woke up at 1:00am from a weird dream and my mind started playing tricks on me
3 hours ago i was thinking about when your next video would come, this is crazy
Like I woke up from a dream only to find that i still hadn't woke up
Omori: the good ending
Sick
this is actually good tbh
"Dream......" "Normal..................." D....DREAM'S NORMAL PILLS............???
Very funny because today i had one of the worst nightmares i ever had.
suprisingly deep
I asked my older brother what genre is bill wurtz, heres the convo Me: “what genre is bill wurtz” Him: “ bill wurtz “  Me: “no what genre” Him: “bill wurtz is bill wurtz genre”
woo
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again" beautiful
“today i woke up” ono, i hope it gets better soon
**Adds to playlist faster than Sonic on Gatorade**
Babe wake up bill posted!
made my day
Yeyeyeydyeyryyeyeydyye
I dream about the day I can download this in hi res audio on Qobuz
This song hits. Its definitely one of those that would make its debut in a movie or musical
omggg :0
It’s a burning memory
No way! I woke up too!. . . at least. . . i think i did... I'm not sure because bill wurtz uploaded
Bill u inspire
excellent
I'm so glad Bill learned Blender.
I had a dream like that yesterday
HE'S BACK
YOO BILL WURTZ BACK
beautiful
HE'S BACK!
WOOO WERE EXPERIENCING HISTORY BARELY WHEN HE UPLOADS
I hope one day I'll live long enough to see Bill Wurtz collaborate with Bo Burnam.
forsenCD am I dreaming?
“Dreams make sense”   Me who had a dream I was Shrek, I was floating down a river, I passed out on the bank with a chuck-e-cheese coin and when I woke up I was Ethan from Resident Evil 7 and played through the beginning of the game: *do they though*
After months of being tortured by Lexapro nightmares, this feels like an encouragement for me personally. ❤
Today is a good day, for Bill Wurtz has a new song.
_Inhales deeply_ *Now that's the good shit.*
When I saw bill posted another video I thought I was dreaming
just as he vanished, he came back, then he vanished, now he has come back once again.
super silly but serious
HE'S BACKKKKKK
If they were handing out Tomorrowland badges, this man right here will be the first on the list
time to hit the NEW BILL WURTZ ALURTZ button !!!  looking forward to listening to this endlessly til i can sing it in my dreams like all the others 😅🤗
hes back again
Return of the king
i have no clue what he's saying but i feel very inspired suddenly
I swear bill wurtz is Louis Cole's brother
As time goes wurtz's song sound less memey and more dreamy
The editing!
i finally got a chance to sit down and listen to this after literally just talking to my long distance girlfriend about a very wonderful dream i had about her. i have chronic terrible nightmares and i had never had a good dream until i dated her, and she’s been a very positive influence on my life. this song was very heartwarming and will remain very special to me for a long time, and i’m surely going to keep associating it with her and the idea of us finally getting to live together and be happy. among other happy things about her, too. your music is so special to me. as somebody neurodivergent who has some pretty odd ideas that are hard for me to express, i really dig your kind of pleasant nonsense and the way you can be so abstract but still get things across to me in a way i enjoy and understand on a weird level. i genuinely love what you do!!! i hope you keep on creating and sharing for as long as it still makes you happy :)
OMG A NEW SONG YESSS
*omg im crying rn… its so beautiful…*
Whoop whoop! Bill wurtz upload!
Dnf...
Bill makes people so happy :]
Inception.
I was having a bad now it’s one of my best days thanks for returning feels like a dream
the return of the king
I like the song, great work!
Wow, watching this feels almost like a dream
HE RETURNED
God damn this is heat.
Not only is this a banger as normal, but  the lyricism in this hits different. I think this is one of my favorites of Bill's
Very philosophical
He's back!❤
He’s truly managed to blend 3D and 2d styles
I just cant imagine how long these animations take.
Really needed this today💚
could you dream of a dream that dreamed of a dream and had a dream, then that dream had a dream and dreamed of a dream again?
holy moly
I have a plan. I’m going to teach my kids Bill Wurtz songs and the history videos and if y’all do the same, he could be one of those legends that goes down in history.
Dream got 8 mill views after a few days after he uploaded his new video can we get bill more?
I don't need therapy. *I have bill wurtz music.*
omg
Is this what the point of the mask is?
Glad your still alife!
FINALLYYY
Yes
You are my dream, Bill.
no way new vid nice
The king has returned
As always, every one of Bill's songs is a banger
any day bill uploads is a dream come true
The king has returned... ... once again...
DNF vibes
BRO MAKES MUSIC
Good to see your still here on earth buddy ( in a good happy you're not dead kinda way this is a wired way of say yay more music
and when the world needed him most, *he came back*
i luv you
sick
Have you ever dreamed a dream that dreams could dream in dreams and then you turn around and see Dream and he haD reams of paper then he said, “I Dr. Dre am dreaming of Drea Ming.” Dreams, am I right?
....you know, I was wondering this week, whether or not I'll ever really finish this story. Because, even though I'm chipping away at it bit by bit, I've been working on it for such a long time. And life is so sad and so difficult for me that sometimes I don't get to think on it or work on it at all.   And now you give us this; and I swear the lyrics sound as if they're talking *exactly* about what I'm trying to write!! 😳  Thank you so much! n_n Your song makes my heart feel full again! I will keep fighting to realize this dream 😄✨💛✨💛✨🌱🌿🌳🏞️🪐🌌✨💛✨💛✨
bill wurtz vidz are an instant boost in serotonin
Welcome back king
This is crazy good!
Beautiful
Imagine if bill did a live performance. That would be the trippiest thing ever
owo 3:19
where can i find the song
HES BACK, THE MAN IS BACK
Today's a good fucking day
🔥
Do 2 times speed and its really more more than a dream, its a whole coma.
Everyone’s talking about a new upload but what’s really good is the new amazing animation skills Bill got, thanks for working hard for us man
it's not just a dream
Epic
Bill Wurtz and Thomas Sanders both post on the same day?! Yes pls :D
LETS GO NEW BILL WURTZ
Hmmm yes.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I think these may be the best lyrics of any bill wurtz song yet
and just as quickly as he vanished after he returned after he vanished, he returned...
we missed you
I believe in the dream that Bull will upload once more
BILL WURTZ IS SO CREATIVE AND SHARING IT WITH ALL OF US WHAT A WONDERFUL TIME TO BE ALIVE 🤩
I think you outdid yourself on this one, bill
Songs a mood, animation is cool, all gives a certain vibe (almost like advanced school powerpoint?)
Nice
Place your bets: how long until the next video? But great job as always
Bill's songs are always so impressive!
go figure, i just woke up from one of the loveliest dreams i've ever had in my life... i've lamented that my dreams are more cruel than my nightmares, but then i tapped this notif... maybe there will be more to that dream, after all 🥰 your videos are what i can only describe as playfully cathartic – you're a fantastic artist, & i'm always thrilled to see you upload. party on, dude 🤘💜
finally?
Oh shit I have to keep picking up jaw it keeps dropping
Bro am supposed to be studying but this seems more impo
This is so good I don't think I deserve it
Bill you’re more than a dream
yeah
Guys I think he dreamed
He woke up
Damn Mr.Wurtz. That's crazy
Why do we all like your music?  It's unusual. It isn't what I'm normally into. The videos are wild and don't make a lot of sense.  But it's all so hypnotic. It makes me feel good. It speaks to me.   Thank you.
Owl City - fireflies (the remix)
The strangest part about all this is that this got uploaded just as I woke up from a great nap.
makes sense
It feels like a fever dream because it's a bill wurtz song that actually doesnt change the subject matter of the song every 3 seconds and it stays the same
“wake up babe… bill wurtz posted”
He’s back 😈
I'll dream the reason why dreaming is pleasing for you bill, count on me
YOOOOOOO!!! It’s the guy who makes awesome videos/songs/animation!
life could be a dream, monke
This song is written so well that I didn't even notice the verses are in 7/4
Hell yes.
*"I've slipped into chaos"*  Bill, you did that way before this
The man is back
that dream thing has happened to me once its pretty wack
Why was this posted an hour ago but in my recommendations it says 8 minutes what   Is this a dream?
Your new video is more than a dream
We have been blessed with a Dream
It's only been an hour and this video has over 7,000 comments, what the-
aha finally new video
very relatable haha
Babe wake up Bill wurtz posted
The day’s always better with a video from Bill
Awesome!
Hekk yeah he reappears
Bill releasing a full album, that would be more than a dream I'll tell you that
Dreams do come true
The dislikes are just people who don't dream
God dang he is so good! This song slaps and the video is Great👍🏻!!
Oh fak, he is going for 3D!!!
Sad Dream noises
I was having a surprisingly great day today and this video just added to it :D
This is the best fever dream I've ever had
Thank you Bill. Love you Bill.
a dream that bill is doing very well in his music. we love you bill
I WAS HERE!!! (so no hate I thought the video was inspirational)
from here on out, i will write “woah” as “wo” no matter what i am writing on.
Why does the melody sound so familiar
OMG BILL YOUR BACKKKK!!!
Bill: uploads a new awesome video Some random uncultured people: 😡 dislike
Hello there
He is back lads
bill wurtz posting was my dream
literally never stop making music.
Bill wurtz should make “History of England”
Bill uploads almost as much as they make new halo games, love these videos so much
This is great. SO similar to Peter Gabriel’s “Solsbury Hill”!
I'm so happy this was the first notification on my phone when I woke up
Your my favourite fever dream
3:17 hits hard
This is one of the most coherent Bill Wurtz videos I have ever seen
*immediately clicks*
Every Bill Wurtz video is like a fever dream
I'm so happy that I found this channel 3 years ago.
Lijhg
hi this is very cool bill
hell yeah
Thank you for the new song, your content makes me smile from the heart Bill :)
Bill, I don’t know what to write to make a compelling comment, but I just want to say you’re awesome. :)
Thas bil
I suspect this doesn't apply to my dreams
My god he's back!
Ladys and gentlemen... he's back
Bill it's always so good to have a new video/song from you. This is fantastic
“You are as beautiful as on the day i lost you”
Dreaming about the things i dream.
I'm the only one that reads coments with bill voice singing?
Every upload from Bill is a long-awaited masterpiece. Keep doing what you're doing man, we all love and appreciate everything you put put for us! 💜
After he disappears next time he’s going to discover the fifth dimension
Btw congrats on 5 mil! :)
I absolutely love the writing in your music. It's very poetic and it fits the musuc production very well.
This is very motivational in a way. But then again all of his songs are?
so glad you found your stuff man, this one has a special feeling to it
Truly, you are the voice of a generation
This upload is a dream.
The lyrics seem a lot more coherent for this song :o
A new Bill Wurtz upload? I MUST be dreaming.
The music we need.
And a Dream could be a colab, but our styles are almost the opposite. So i'll just admire in the distance
The way he animates is so simplistic yet so intricate
Thanks for this  <3
oh my god.
thank you bill
Just as good as his old videos hope he uploads more  Thanks bill
Bill is one of the few YouTubers I watch every video from.
the "normal" in quotation marks, upside down, and underlined in red is great imagery
Bill is an artist who made it through the dark period of becoming a long term adult. If you're there now, I want to tell you, it's wonderful on the other side of that darkness. It's take years sometimes to make it through, but sooner or later you wake up in your new world enough times to understand it in a way you can truly enjoy. It's surprising and it's better than before.
Noelle be like. (Sorry, Deltarune reference.)
He woke up, said "Damn, I gotta write this sweet dank ass music down," and did so.
Bill wurtz uploaded
I confirm dreams are better than things should be, one day I woke up and realized I wasn’t dreaming anymore
Yessir
What a nice dreamed music
He uploaded once again QUICK GO TELL EVERYONE
3d animation and bill wurtz were meant to go together
“Yesterday was normal”  I never thought I’d hear the word “normal” in a Bill Wurtz song.
Oh wow
Yay
Another amazingly catchy and somehow heartfelt song! Keep being you, Bill, what you do is great!
What a masterpiece.
When the world needed him the Most, He came back
Can we get a video about the history of the norse?
“today i woke up” and i wish i didn’t
In a tough place rn, this was a wonderfully unexpected distraction. Thank you
ok
"Dreams can be.... much better than anything supposed to be" so true man so true
When the world needed him the most he delivered this masterpiece, once again, amazing
awesome
3d was really the one thing missing from these videos
Uh- yO? He alive?! That’s- pog- and sudden
this video is my therapy
Someone told me I can't send a comment out of context of the video so that's exactly what I'm doing to prove them wrong: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
WHAT???
Hell yea
The return of the king
This is cool but why on a Tuesday
What’s that bass please
Welcome back bill
POV: You're going crazy in a coma
Oo 3d
ITS HAPPENING
He has RETURNED
bABE WAKE UP
Bill is the one skilled animator we all dreamed about.
Going to sleep now and I'm gonna have good dreams thanks to this song
woah hold up
The return of the king
HES HERE
woW
Bill, this one hits hard. Nicely done.
THE MAN THE MYTH THE LEGEND    BILLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
LEZGO ADHD PEEPS! OUR MEDS IS BACK!
Oh yeah now we’ve got an upload
Hey, Bill is back!
I needed this today
I had a dream where I clicked the like button time to make that reality
Your new songs are definitely more than a dream
yes :)
MY THERAPY UPDATE
Everyday I wake up! * *Pounds Wall* * * *Cries* *
LETS GOHE POSTED AGAIN :DDD
nice
AAHHH NEW SONG :0
HES BACK!!!!!!!
*Mysterious YouTuber Starter Pack*  Annual Uploads No Interaction With Fans Whatsoever Never Says Anything Publicly _Terrifyingly Amazing Content_
I refuse to believe this thing was created anytime after 1996
Bill!!!! :D
whenever I watch Bill Wurtz I always think I’m in a fever dream of  the early 2010s 💀💀
I'm dreaming in a dream cause Bill uploaded
I've been loving the 3D phase of his music videos
:D
Red sharpies smell good but black sharpies are my favorites.
Your music feels like a warm hug where you rock side to side 🥺❤️
Wow......liked it...🥰😍
'bill uploads a new video'  _...day ended on a high note_
This guy barely uploads, but gets killer views whenever he does.  He’s a legend.
I find it really hard to believe that Bill Wurtz and Louis Cole aren't somehow the same person
This is one of the most upbeat and optimistic songs BW has put out for a while... I hope that means his mental health is better than it's been! Great art can come from dark places but that sure is hard on the artist, and anyone as talented as this guy deserves to feel like hes "living the dream".   <3 u Bill!
Bill just brings everyone together
Ayyyyy bill
One of your best
you know, usually i listen to metal and stuff like that but something about this music is just soooo good. it's downright therapeutic.
The king returns
When he said "all the best dreams will be dreamed again", that hit me like an emotional ton of bricks I always get so excited when I see another song has dropped, this dude deserves the world
So the king lives
YEAH!!!
wake up babe new bill wurtz
interesting....
You can make religion out of this 👌
Yooooo…i thought i’d never see you again. :( but your here. yay :)
Sounds like a dream
Everyone stop everything you are doing, new Bill Wurtz song dropped
I just a really realistic dream that bill uploaded
amazing, keep making more please
Bill is back
Bill Cipher •Used to be stuck in 2D •Is now in 3D form •Named Bill •Sings music Bill Wurtz •Used to be stuck in 2D •Is now in 3D form •Named Bill •Sings music 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
If this is what we got, I can only believe all the stuff he made that didn't make it in the video.
Bill uploading a new video seems like a really fantastic dream.  edit: ok but i wonder how long this took to render, since it's a 3D animation right- edit2: OK BUT THIS SONG REALLY INSPIRES ME
thank you Bill <3
"All the best dreams will be dreamed again"  War Veterans: *no.*   (1:52)
neat, a new bop. and just after I got done with today's stress
YAY
HES BACK BOYS
No matter how bad a day I'm having, seeing bill posting a new video makes all the dopamine release
Incredible song and astonishing visuals! So nice to see a new upload!
Am I early or late either ways I’m at the clinic and don’t have earphones  :(
I had two dreams that spider man no way home was garbage. Ig its real now
Yoo hes back
I'm mad that I've forgotten my headphones at work and won't be able to listen before I arrive at home.
My day is made and I am happy now
I can visualize this song being in a Pixar movie
Its such a nice mix of feeling like an AI wrote it and being so complex and well made.  Beautiful.
Well' Can't Say If he's Really Back But Having Thoses Videos Once In a While Realy Is A Dream <3
Awesome!
This song is a masterpeice!
The people that disliked this video have been reported for hearing loss
Vibes 😎
thank you for making these wonderful noises :)
Play.. the video.  Stop having it be stopped
I was back at school-
Bill Wurtz songs are oddly relatable in some way. They give you a feeling like no other.
What I’ve learned: gotta believe  Good dreams repeat I should scream  Get a good night sleep I can see everything in the dream and the dream can see me   And bill hears me...
Looks at the likes/dislikes, sees 60 dislikes. 100 000 views, 10 000 likes.
well i'll see you all in a month
Honestly, every video is a hit.
yesss
This is one of the song that make sense or at least easy to understand
Yoooooooooo he uploaded
Bill wurtz: also known as when he uploads your day just goes from 0 to 100 in a second
Best birthday present; a bill wurtz video
man even after so long, Bill's voice sounds the same, still heavenly
HE'S BACK EVERYONE BILL'S BACK!
maybe I'm dreaming because I can't believe this video exists
He’s back again.
More than a dream: a bunch of verified people don’t come back a day later to steal comments
:o
WAIT HES BACK???
HA im 2k views early from being here before 100K! yessss
My life is once again complete
Here comes Bill to save my evening after an existential crisis. Thank you Bill.
Once again bill wurtz wake up from his great slumber to bless us with a new song, what a dream come true.
someone please interview this man I just wanna know about him
well then
This guy is living proof that what his video is saying right now is true...  He is literally living his own dream...  It's poetic and good that YouTube existing means this exists...  Thanks for justifying reality dude
Yes
instant banger, thanks bill :)
yooooo
GREAT COME BACK 😁
So now that you've watched the video, answer me this:     What was the dream even about?!
I had a dream there would be a new Bill video today and here it is. Its a covid miracle. Thanks horse dewormer.
love learning new wurtz.
ITS A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!!!
Why do I kinda like this
i like apples
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something I shouldn't have seen about  Bill onn loen.Lol again: I only saw the dms, poor girlfriend
It's been 3000 years
HE LIVES
Yep, that new video editing software has kicked in
Finally new upload
You could make a dream out of this!
He is back
HE’S ALIVE!
BILL IS BACK!!!!!! IS THIS A DREAM!? OR MORE THAN A DREAM?!?!!??
GOD damn that hit hard. I jumped out of my seat i got so wholly excited when Bill came on camera. He hasn't done that since like... History of Japan. he's getting so freaking good.
This is some of the best stuff for a rainy day
love all your songs, feel like this is the best one yet!
I was in just the right mood to experience this today.
Dreams are dreams so life can be life.
Ok, this is so super relatable cuz I'm trying to learn like lucid dreaming rn and it's kinda like that
Im so incredibly grateful you made this. Im about to have surgery on my hand and won't be able to make my music for a time and it is very hard because I need to make music more than ever to work through trauma.. but I believe in this dream to be back again
Thank you for coming back
This be sick af
very abstract, very cool
Another dream song?!
1:50 “dreams make sense” my dreams 0:00
See you guys in six months when he posts again.
This is totally awesome. The part at 1:49 is so cool. I don't know a lot about music but whatever chord/key change that was, it sounded great.
Bill, I think you might be the modern day Gilbert & Sullivan. A fantastic amount of beautiful words and music, while not actually meaning much. <3
Is nice
2020 in a nutshell:
love this videos
DO IT! Just DO IT! Don't let your dreams be dreams.
OH NOW HE IS TRIDIMENSIONAL HE HAS TOO MUCH POWER NOW STOP HIM
the history of dreams 👀
Me waking up, existing, in my parents house : 2:24
This is my jam
absolute banger. made my day.
I've been having a bunch of nightmares lately. I'm taking this as a sign of change and encouragement, thanks Bill!
HES BACK
YESSS MY FAV YTUBER LESS GOOOOO
I just did a 15 min presentation about how the big bang went from boom to human and ur videos really helped me thanks
What a good video to end my day off, goodnight everyone!
can't believe he's back oh god :D
the legend has returned
What a dream… always a treat.
here before 1 mil views
This is exactly what I needed, this song goes incredibly hard <3
Wake me up when this man misses      I'll be dreaming for a while 😏
WOW EPIC THEEE BAAAAST DAY YOU BELIVE AGAIN DREAMMMEMMEMEMMEMME
this one feels like it references his other songs vaguely lol
YESS
just woke up
We have been blessed 😌
His voice has gotten so much better lately!!!!
Thank you Mr Wurtz this really encourages me
Funny how a specific 'dream' comes to my mind watching this. Didn't thought about it in ages.
❤️
THE KING IS BACK
weeee
I love seeing a bill wurtz video under a million views. Anyone else?
here before 100k views and nobody asked :troll:
omg been a while
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something I shouldn't have seen about  Bill onn loen.Lol again: I only saw the dms, poor girlfriend
Right when I think that I get what his songs mean, he throws a random abstract verse that makes no sense
His lyrics are always motivational and uplifting, but random and spontaneous.
Holy. HES BACK
Bill wurtz songs have to have a own name for their genre
Bill you are an amazing dream come true ❤️💙🙏🏼
i mean this in the nicest way possible but bill wurtz's songs sound like the songs i'd make up as a kid that just went on and dont relate to the past lyrics at all and barely made sense and i love it
can we get a punk verison of this song?
yeah!
This could have been in the movie Inception
The legend has returned!
THE KING IS BACK!!!
Me who's been a philosophy minor for 6 days: wHat does IT mEAN wHat does IT mEAN ooAaAHh
I had a strange dream last night.. felt like reality, perfectly timed Bill
New video: day saved
Ive never pulled on my headphones faster.
comments are so much already no one would ever find out that i am in a
Evil Bill Wurtz be like: Less than a nightmare
is this what it feels like when school ends?  and i dont just mean summer break, i mean the end of school - school
New propecy!
I know the musician community all brag about people like Adam Neely or Jacob collier. But this guy is the real deal. He makes complex music that actually sounds good. Thank you bill
wake up babe new bill wurtz vid
The lyrics seem so meaningless yet meaningful at the same time
Bill Wurtz uploads are awesome
He uploads every full moon. But I'm here, 1 hour after he does
Money is bad.           DONT UNDERSTAND
bill upload :D
Bill always uploads right when he's needed most.
Nice dreaming
I just can't get out of my mind the idea that this video is probably began to be made like 8 months ago or so and the Bill we're watching and hearing is from the past. Now that I think of it, that's actually a common thing in every song by every artist (unless you record a song and upload it the same day)
Fineally iv been here once before 100k
Holy polyrhythms 👽❤️
😱🐸👉
Woah
VERIFIED PEOPLE GO AWAY
HES BACK
YO
Bill Wurtz and 6/4 meter go together like sleeping and dreaming
Welcome back King. Here.... You dropped this  👑
Lots of checkmarks here... Who doesn't like bill tbh?
3D bill is better
And when the world needed him most- he returned.
So we're at 3d animations now huh? Nice
Wake up honey new Bill Wurtz dropped
This is more than a dream it's real
I'm always delighted whenever I get the notification of your new videos, excellent as always!
Wow i just randomly checked up on him and i find a new upload
Do history of poland
Did I dream this?
I like how the second bill uploads, every YouTuber in existence comments something positive and bill never says anything
i feel like bill probably has synesthesia
Groove :D
LET'S GOOOOOOO!!!!
Am I.. am I supposed to be inspired? This dream is confusing. But amazing. Wow.
This is so cool. Churchy af
why do i hear soulsburry hill in this song?
The Bill Nye of music
is this a dream or am i dreaming about a dream about me dreaming a dream? because bill uploaded a video
ANOTHER GREAT UPLOAD BILL
Is this not is 420th video-  it IS his 420th video!
BILL
Looks like someone found Blender
Despite the lyrics being so ethereal and literally about dreams, this is ironically one of Bill's more lyrically comprehensive songs, in the sense that the subject remains the same throughout the video. Also killer chords once again, I live for those!
The idea that Bill filmed in front of a greenscreen just for the sole purpose of turning it grey is just too much lmao
Today I woke up and Bill Wurtz delivered another jam ^v^
Parts of this really remind me of Brian David Gilbert’s “See The Day”, which is fucking excellent. Good shit, Bill.
same lmao
Drums are sounding crisssp
Bill Wurtz is a genre of music 🧡
This feels like a dream.
bill, u are a treasure to this world. And I think this might be one of your most lovely-sounding songs ever. Which is really saying something, cuz u make damn good songs
babe wake up, new bill wurtz video
I missed the release of this by like 10 minutes lol
i had a very happy dream last night. i woke up just before my alarm went off and immediately realized that it was a dream and was very sad but still happy for having it. i brushed it off and went to school, just to come back to this message. maybe i love her.
Me vibing to Bill Wurtz's songs while patiently waiting for the next 'history of ___, i guess' video
chroma keying everything but yourself to grayscale is pretty cool
This was very pleasant to see today, especially because it’s my birthday, also just really great to see bill post another song
Is this modern philosophy?
"turnt" Favourite part of the video
I find it kind off funny, I find it kind of sad. that the dreams in which I’m dying are the best I’ve ever had.
can we all agree that the music in this was very good
Bill: Uploads  Verified people: helo
I love this
Dream can be
Anybody felt the similarity of the first verse to "see the day" by Brian David Gilbert? Wonderful!
And like that, today is good again. Once again bill wirtz has done it!
Your singing voice is so dreamy, Mr. Wurtz
Hi bill you good?
Finally. I woke up for a good reason now.
I was about to sleep. I'm glad I stayed up.
we love you bill, its that simple
Hey Bill, great song (as always)! Do you mean dreams at night or personal dreams (like goals and visions) by saying dream?
The man is back!
Thank you Mr. Wurtz! You make the days happy again!
his editing is actually really high quality. You can tell he is familiar with 3D modeling with those graphics at the beginning. Amazing job Bill!
Don't wanna wake up!
Like a Phoenix, he rises again!
💜
I want history vids that old bill did
You know, I really want to see a Bill Wurtz and TMBG collab.
THIS IS AMAZING
Love how there are so many verified people watching Bill Wurtz videos
ooowowowo? bill? is there something you would like to tell the class?
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
3:03 The video in bad connection  1:07 The ad the in bad connection
Trurnt
Fun Fact: He slept in the dream
Happy Bill Wurtz day
This man is a KING of his own memes but thats for the creator and the peeps to BELIEVE  P.s. it kinda sucks I dont have the words to actually express the words I have for bill wurts. I guess The best is to always BELIEVE
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Here's your before 1million  views counter:
Nice hat bill!
OMG DREAM IS THIS A REFERENCE?
Thanks for this :)
had to check to make sure this wasn't a dream. it's not. I guess it's ~more than a dream~
Today just got a whole lot better. Thank you Bill.
I love it <3
this video was sponsered by the minecraft speedrunner: Dream
New nickname: Bill "wo wo wo" Wurtz
*The Return of The King!*
He said “dream” so much that I thought that he would start singing about what the mask is
It’s funny how he has a green screen but just doesn’t use it, just greyscale his room
This is unironically a really good song
This is the best video ever
Wow- This is such a cheery and nice song! I love it! 🥰✨
Uff, long time no see, Bill
Oh look, Bill Wurtz is back together now
I love you
I was having a bad day but then I saw this notification
Came for the history lessons. Stayed for the songs.
Imagine your life being all just a dream and you wake up from it being shocked all this era was a dream...
i have this underlying feeling that bill wurtz has gone thru an awakening. and im with you bill. if im correct i can see the messages in your music. <3
2021 just got a little better
Oh damn!
3:37 same
It's happening!
HES BACKKKKKK
Yay
he's alive!!!
omg a new video finallyyy
And then that dream was real…
I didnt know I needed it but Im really happy now thanks to the upload, great work as always
Spoiler alert: he woke up
all i hear is dream.
when the world needed him most
やっぱPVオシャレなのよね( ◔ω◔)
Yeah, I know, I gotta believe!
The return of the king
what is more than a dream bill
CRAZY how I was just watching the H3 podcast with Bill Wurtz and noted how he doesn't post often, then 5 minutes later, he posted this
Bill Back
This rocks!!!!
Ngl bill is a good looking dude
man
Stop dreaming humans and wake the F up. The time is running 🏃‍♂️
Beautiful
Return of the king
new bill drop i repeat new bill drop
Babe wake up new bill wurtz video
3:17 this traffic cone describes me
my dreams cease to exist
go bill go go go
Why are his key changes so sexy? So luscious? So tasty?
Glad to hear a new jam from you. Digging it hard.
Just got home from work to be blessed with the immaculate vibes from Bill. Awesome
So we can all agree Bill's content give us all serotonin, right? Yeah? Kay, cool. <3
Bill came back and saved the world!
E
yes cranked moot sordid turnt
Banger song
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something I shouldn't have seen about  Bill onn loen.Lol again: I only saw the dms, poor girlfriend
this is amazing with the new 3D stuff youre doing
Last night I had a dream that I saw an awesome nonexistent 80s horror movie called "Mummy".
Big love
NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEO BOIS
i love you
Anyone else dream this too? Now it's me. And you.
oh I guess he's back
Any day that Bill uploads on is a good day.
whenever I start to feel sad, bill uploads a new video and then its okay
THE LEGEND IS BACK
Ahhhh...Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves. I think i get it now. Thanks Bill! (And Bill Hicks! )
It’s more than a dream when Bill posts.
This is an unambiguous bop
Your videos are just so dope man
haven't dreamed for years thank you bill very cool
trusic to my ears
time for me to stop what i’m doing and listen to bill wurtz’s latest song
WOW
Optimistic Pop Rock Acid Jazz Disco Funk
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR HAS RETURNED ONCE AGAIN
Bill uploads on a No Bones Day?! This is a wondrous event!
This is so tame for a bill wurtz video
Now I don’t need to see Inception.
Nice
this is so confusing yet somehow sweet and relatable
My day genuinely gets better whenever you upload
Bill's music is underrated
NEW SHIT JUST GOT MADE!
Kind of confusing but cool at the same time
He’s back
Finally i almost went back to doing mdma
Dreams are awesome
is this a dream bill actually uploaded
Still waiting for Traingle Boy: The Movie...
Bro I thought u died!
so excited to see the word house
Oh damn. The 3D is a new upgrade
As always, you're a musical genius!!
In some point in the song I thought: is about time to see a collaboration with Jacob Collier
bill i missed you
I like to think about the sentence "don't believe in songs, they make you a daydreamer" whenever a song is about dreaming
hell yeah 7/4
preach it bill
I like your cut 😄
My dream came true.
Wow, I love the amount of passion he’s singing with, and you can tell he’s still really challenging himself and stretching his range. Really impressive- also it gives me serotonin, which I guess is what really matters
Nobody makes songs quite like Bill does
That's interesting! Totally different from what we heard from you so far. This has a lot less weirdness in it. Almost a coherent and more or less common chord progression. That's almost radio marketable! I'm interested, where you'll go next.
Missed you
NEW BILL WURTZ LETS GOOO
LET'S GO BILLY
Welcome back :')
My dream is that you keep posting!
Why are you leaving?
Bill's unique style of music and animation really hits hard on this one
Never give up on your dreams.
made my day
Bill just does it different
This is gonna be what I watch before I sleep now
I have no idea what any of that means but banger as allways bill
I also woke up in a dream, and I told the dream NPC that it was a dream, and he told me I was crazy.
I keep going in hopes of seeing a bill wurtz new video notification
yoooo new banger
this is proof that anything can be a song and sound good
Oh, hey dad.
Great song and visuals
Thank you for giving us this music. I hope my best dreams can be more than dreams.
~ungh~
what a great way to save a very mediocre day
Bring back the history videos
The return of the King.
I ((hear)) them too
Loved the song.
The 6 months wait was worth it.
Welcome back bill, I hope you enjoyed your dream.
Bill Wurtz is literally the only artist who’s work I look forward too
Oh yeah Bill Wurtz
This is wholesome
I love these new videos, but they have a concerning theme, it's always about existentialism.
hell yeh
TODAY WE ARE BLESSED
Bill, you are amazing. And you deserve all the success. Going there too, yet now celebrating with you!
Bill drops a song. Day Is good.
The king awakens once again from something he believed was more than a dream
annnnd replay
Get your "before 100k views" ticket hete
Can't wait for a textbook with Bill's song
Pog
I think we can all agree we love and want more of bill performing in his videos
Keep it coming. Glad to see you
what acid trip am I on?
💖how these songs make me feel like am in like the late 90s ear seriously ☺️
return of the legend
So glad I watched this in bed before I settled to fall asleep. I could listen to 10 hours of this as I drift into my own dream. 💙
we have been blessed on this day with more wurtzian content
Glad to see you again bill
It's less than 4 minutes but it feels like an eternity
*you could make a religon out of this*
:0
Just woke up from a cool weird dream to see this vid came out
This is the best thing that happend today for me!
This is delightful.
babe wake up new bill wurtz just dropped
so good at 11pm to listen to
Bill's songs are so revolutionary as they don't have strict chorus, verse1, verse 2 and bridge. Everything can be chorus, verse and bridge at the same time.
YESSS KING! LOVE IT!!!!
Great
when bill wurtz uploads a song / video: *happy face*
My god he is back
Yey upload
The return of the king
Wow
*it was reality~*
I'm amazed at how you capture such a unique brand of absurdity
i paused the news to watch this
Dang am I dreaming rn?
You made my day again and i'm going to sleep thx
US: "do you know about our dream? I can explain it in a song"
the legend has returned!!
This man actually takes time to make content I’m glad he’s back
Nice to see you Bill <3
Epic man
History videos soon?
Let's get this one on YouTube Trending, folks.
4 full length songs in a row, it’s the year of Wurtz-pop
He’s back
I love how bill has a greenscreen but he doesn’t use it
bill wurtz back again from the grave to deliver another true banger, what a real man
Thanks once more Bill !
this whacked me right in the cerebral cortex
Hooray More serotonin Happy day :D
Listening to his songs is a veeerrryy abstract experience. Sometimes i can follow the lyrics and they even seem to make sense but a few seconds later the meaning is turned on its head, does a backflip following up with a sommersault for good measure and with a few sprinkles of confusion and wordplay on top. Its like trying to interpret a language you kind of understand and then the speaker decides to switch to a similar language but with a heavy dialect and everything you understand is just random sounds that could make sense as long as you dont think to hard about it.
Damnit Bill, I was just about to take a nap and then this showed up so I had to watch it
been having a pretty terrible string of days lately...did the patented dark room headphones on listen of this song. felling pretty good rn 👌
OML HES BACK
HE'S BACK!!!!! AGAIN
How is this video less than 4 minutes in length,, l felt like it was like 7 (in a good way :] )
The serotonin generator himself has posted yet again
this is art
this was wanted
not as good as the other songs but ok i guess
Wth 8k comment just on a 1 hour old video you fuckin Rockin' and so is your music
the king has blessed us yet again
Yeah, I agree.
Hello people from 2031, COVID is still here and the google pixel 6 just came out
i actually love this
Bill learning how to expand his videos into the third dimension is proof that we're living in a good timeline. As is the fact that this song exists.
This feels like an actual dream
Very important guy posted a video
Thank you William ❤️
Return of the king
YOOOO MANS IS EARLY FOR THIS LEGEND
Less than an hour and already has 7,000 comments, 80,000 views and 30,000 likes
.
bing
I will scream in approximately fifty-two billion millennia. Please standby.
It’s incredibly impressive how complexly simple his graphics are.
HES BACK AND WITH THE GREENSCREEN CLIPS YESS
Bill Wurtz was a cool comeback, but can we get Sam O'nella back, we didnt even get closure! Where is he?         Maybe i graduated the Academy?
Heeeeeeeeeeees back with another banger!
i also woke up today
this is so weirdly funny
This was beautiful
Day saved bill wurtz uploaded also in first hour
The master of good content returns
WAIT, THIS ISNT A DREAM, BILL HAS POSTEDDDD
I can see you're getting better at animating with Blender. 👍😁
Idk what to write so I will just say good job 👍
History of the United States
Yesterday I was thinking I wonder what Bill Wurtz is up to nowadays
:)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           :-)
Bill thank you
Watching this while sleep deprived with a bad cold is a TRIP.
this a fever dream
What a happy day!
swag
It's so weird being this early to a Bill Wurtz masterpiece
today i woke up TO A NEW BILL WURTZ SONG-
Today is a good day
BILL!
i love you say it back
LETS GOOO
He has returned
*passive aggresive wiggling*
My English teacher plays Bill Wurtz at the start of class
I’m in class rn. I’m risking getting my phone took for bill wurtz
HOLY SHIT
This video feels like a PowerPoint presentation on acid
It seems he has kept the third dimension
Darn Bill is becoming more and more powerful with the whole CG thing.
I must thank you for this
Sounds like hose Vacation Bible School songs that slap for no reason
BELIEVING IN THE DREAM SO HARD RN
He spent his days off learning blender
Starting a day with a Bill Wurtz upload and I'm like 0:01
1:04 Judging from the large amount of rings, Bill managed to invite Sonic the Hedgehog himself for this video, that's awesome dude  Bill seemed like he was really enjoying himself during the segments where he filmed himself IRL, wonderful work on this song Bill
WHAT
Tbh bill wurtz is the white coryxkenshin
We were waiting for you! Here you are, being more than just a dream!
I am happy :)
this man must be protected at all costs
My guy, you're an absolute musical genius. It's almost infuriating how good you are.  Wow I love this.
🎶Guess Who’s Back, Back Again🎶
He always makes our day by releasing a new song! =)
currently watching this during class
I love these bi-annual vids from Bill.
bill kinda drippy with it tho
I was supposed to go to sleep, but bill's back and its more important
The legend returns!
A banger as always
Makes going into work easier
....  Dreams are better than things that can be because dreams don't actually exist.   Please invest in lithium.
Bill Wurtz coming in with an update to make my Tuesday better!
Have some deadlines. But this is definitely one way to keep inner peace.
Nice song bro!
Bill Wurtz is a certified gigachad
i also woke up
I'm going to tell my kids that this was the music everyone listened to back in 2021.
best dreams can be more than just a dream  you could make a religion out of this
This made me remember the dream where I made my maths teacher invincible so she can fight in a war with some trolls
Bill Wurtz incorporating 3D animations in videos is honestly one of the better things to come out of 2021.
The vibes are immaculate with this one
I am so ready for this
やったー！ 新曲嬉しい😃
HELL YEAH!
early
Legend
The return of the king
THE KING IS BACK
BILL DID A VIDEO ON 19TH OF OCTOBER. MY BIRTHDAY  POGG
And just like that, he's back
DreaaAaaaAAAaaaAAaaAAaAaaaaaam
BILL IS BACK
Bill never fails to impressed
Dreams might not be dreams again, but dreams can be real again, I saw that's as Never give up on your dreams and make them a reality. New favourite quote
Today is a good day when Bill Wurtz posts a video.
It feels like a fever dream seeing this for some reason
E
Absolute gold.
This guy is so creative to be honest.
T.      O.       E.       S.
This is more surreal than usual
i needed this today ;_;
Cool
Another masterpiece
Bill Wurtz RETURNS! Great to have you back!
aye he’s back again!
Everything you've done in your life brought you to this video. And now, stranger, have a nice day! Dreams can be more than just dreams, so may your dreams become real :)
there's nothing on YouTube that's exactly like the stuff i find on this channel
Today has been a bad day for me, until i realized Bill uploaded. Thank you
omg let me grab my calendar real quick
What a return to form! absolute banger.
Practicing 3d I see
When the dream is real
Charles Cornell wya?
Bill Wurtz: *posts* Random verified accounts: 🏃‍♂️💨
sounded like it was a lucid dream
Bill Wurtz always posts right when I most need it and I don’t know how
We have been blessed!
Love this one ❤️
He should write a musical. That would be such a masterpiece!
I love the fact that recorded behind a green screen, but then not use the green screen
This man has literally defeated music. He's won. This is as good as it gets.
epic
👋
The legend is back
Mr. Wurtz, your song has made me realize that yes, I CAN relearn to walk for the third time, even though it seems so much harder this time around.   Thank you. ❤️
THE KING ALWAYS COME BACK
He’s returned
goodness that's a good song
Yesterday I dreamed with a new bill wurtz video.
Anyone else notice an improvement in production value?
He has returned  THE KING HAS RETURNED!
I love this guy. He gives me the feeling of snorting 18 pounds of cocaine without the addiction
It‘s always a pleasure to see your channel appearing in the notifications.
I can only imagine the 2 geniuses of music together: Bill Wurtz and Jacob Collier doing a colab. That would be THE dream.
Absolutely poggers.
welcome back!
Touches my current situation, love it. thank you for the music <3
Hes back
the fact that ive been watching for 7 years and were at this point is super fulfilling
Loving this new 3d style
Heyyyy your back
HAPPY DAY TODAY!
he’s back
This video is my dream come true
bill can leave for months to years on end and come back like nothing happened
Bill will always amaze me with how creative his Video / Music is
Day made
the universe looks interesting
HOLY SHIT HE POSTED BOYS
Your back from getting the milk
Lets make a religion out of this
HES BACK
He lives
Bill Wurtz: True(sic) Me in a quiet library: HA!
I am convinced I can realize my dreams now !!!
OMG! SURPRISE VIDEO DROP!!!
this song just made me so happy :D
A Bill Wurtz video is the best thing that could happen
this a good dream :D
Thank you Bill for blessing us with your music
Сразу лайк! Билли, где ты был!)
the week has been saved for Bill has uploaded
Great song!
😳
I had a dream that Bill wurtz uploaded a video about his dreams being filled with stuff you see Ina dream. Wait am I dreaming?
Thank you, Mr. Wurtz, for blessing our brains once more with lucid dreams.
I want a Bill Wurtz musical
TRASH
for anyone who wants to know what an acid trip is like, just go to 2:34
All these years he had squid game profile picture 😮
He's finally back
Bill posting today is more than anyone ever dreamed in history
Bill.
Dad, all I wanted was a glass of water
...Bill hasn't aged. Anybody else notice that? He really does look as young as the first time he started releasing these baffling and beautiful music videos.
OMG YESSSS OUR SAVIOUR HAS COME BACK!!!!!!!
when everyone started to say he vanished, he came back
i just woke up to having Bill post. Today's gonna be nice
WOAGUHJKAL WOAH
Wow, your style completely carried over when you took it to 3D, your learning progress is looking great.
Thank you. I like dreams to.
I sometimes realise that i am dreaming during sleep when either everything is a normal day but perfect or something incredibly mundane is different.
Is it only me who thinks it's time for another history video? History of the United Kingdom or Europe please!
Who dafk dislikes these songs
That was like a dream... Had cool bits you want to remember but mostly confusing and goes nowhere...
YOU JUST GOT TO BELIEVE
I needed a random video And I got it...      From Bill Wurtz, the legend
you know its a good day when Bill uploads
Great video
THE LEGEND IS BACK
Me trying to talk in another language:
oh goody
yes
Is this a dream?
did i just get owo'd
A new video is a dream
me trying to dance: 1:38
this shit fuckin slaps hell yeah
Love the high notes on this.
Yes new upload time to waste 2 hours of my life playing it on loop
BILL ISN'T DEAD
You know its gonna be a good day when bill uploads <3
Ngl I near squealed in excitement when I saw that bill had uploaded in my feed
The king has returned
Bill Wurts upload schedule is so hilariously awful that there are people that wouldn’t even consider him a current youtuber
ALERT THE PEOPLE BILL  WURTZ IS BACK !!!
Is there a reason this is exactly 6 months since the last upload to like the hour?
Yooo, another banger :D
Following I Wanna Be A Movie Star, I shouldn't be surprised that Bill made 7/4 work as well as he did.
nothing was the way it seemed: bill uploading
Once again you got me dancing!!!         awesome song!!!
hey, he's back :)
Watch bill wurtz in VR while high. You're welcome.
hell yeah
Yeaaaah he is back!
Gay
Nice! a new video
Bill just delivers his brain in art form
The quality of the animations and music has improved incredible
I like the music in this one, some of the amazing techniques used are so cool, but I can't help but feel the lyrics aren't as on point as normal. There is normally a cryptic profoundness, that hits your subconscious and resonates with you somehow. This one didn't do that for me. The music is a jazzy dream though
3:18 ooowOwOwo
am i dreaming?
Thank you for upload bill
POV:  you're dreaming
"Perhaps dreams aren't the bad things after all..."
you’re back yay
The shot at 1:05 is genuinely lovely. Amazing work as always!
Damn, a *long* video
Listening to his music is more than a dream
The return of the king
Im here
god, i love bill
I'm circling "Word Salad" on the Bingo Card. Thanks! #ScribeLight
this song also works mostly fine if you picture two glow squid talking to each other. Specifically "the best thing that's ever happened to you & me"
oh cool he uploaded
The music is awesome but I really miss the short shitposts.
Every unexpected upload from this channel instantly makes any day so much better.
RETURN OF THE KING 👑
Absolutely God Tier
Another banger.
I'm glad that the dimensional rift opened up again
He's back omg !
We stan high vocals from Bill Wurtz.
0:16 *Dream stans are typing...*
This is awesome: were here because of a video about the history of the world and now youre watching a song about dreams
I’m here so early.. this is weird
Aaah he's back, the legend
The legend is back.      By the way I sent you an email for something not dumb so pls answer.
The man, The myth, The legend. Always showing up when we need him
Cool
I will never stop loving this mans music.
Oddly satisfying:)
He probably makes the most creative lyric videos on this platform
This dude is high on life and its glorious
You know someone is really popular when you see one of their videos has seventy thousand views and think "oh hey I'm pretty early"
Believe
omg such a jam great song as always :)) 7 months later: is this a song about believeing in your dreams to make them a reality? hence the "more than a dream"? like how dream (sleeping) and dream (hope) can be confused and mixed and matched to the user's wish? hmmm also how wanting to make your dreams come true can conflict with the people around you's wishes for you?
The quality content I subbed for.
Bruh
Is it profound or written by an algorithm? Who knows with Bill
Mais uma do brabo 😎
Banger
These songs sound like they are trying to tell you something but you cant understand anything. These songs are literally fever dreams
My mind in class be like
I feel like every one of Bill's songs really channels the musical creativity (and quality) of the late stage Beatles.  I could really imagine a group of four Bills writing Octopus's Garden or anything from Yellow Submarine without any change to his core as an artist.
OOOOH SHIIIIIT, HE'S BAAAAACK
Wow. I've been procrastinating a project, continuously making excuses, dreaming about how amazing it'll be when it's done and finished. This song...was a waking call. I just need to make it a reality and just do it. Thank you Bill.
And when the world needed him most... He made them question reality
The first verse gave me massive Afterglow by All Time Low vibes
Huh
he... He did the thing!!
lol imagine being named dead for 2 years couldn’t be me
Amazing just like always, tyanks for making a new video, Bill !
Thought this was another recommended Bill Wurtz video until I saw when it was uploaded. Nice surprise! He's got me believing in the dream now!
He yet lives!
So, I really needed to pick up today… thanks Bill 🤍💜
Its funny cause I dreamed that I was watching your songs and you uploaded a new one Then I realized I wasn't dreaming
Youtube: what do you think of this recommended video?  Me: Life changing, Inspiring, and Heartwarming.
WELCOME TO WHITE SPACE
🎶 Today I woke up in a dream 🎶
Every time bill uploads it turns a bad day into the best day ever
This is Bill's way of saying  I'm not dead yet still vibin don't worry about me
I LOVE YOU
I love dreams :)
Alright but this is a bop
Me: i've been crying for a moment because i saw something I shouldn't have seen about  Bill onn loen.Lol again: I only saw the dms, poor girlfriend
I had to watch it in Black and white due to my phone's bedtime settings, but its was still a wonderfull experiance.
HE’S BAAAAAACK BOIIIIIIIIIS!  Welp, See y’all in 6 months!
I miss this internet.
Mornin
Bill Wurtz in the 3rd dimension is my favorite genre
WHY WAS I NOT TOLD EARLIER???
1:39 look at the little man go. he groove.
Me too
Duuuude make another history thing
Yay! Finally
BILL??
This is good, I guess
3:38 basically my life 😶
Wow... I had a very rough day today and this song turned my whole day around...I smiled when I got the notification of the upload but the song itself was somehow healing. Love you bill.
Today I woke up to a Bill Wurtz video.
My best dreams can be more than just a dream? I hope so Bill, I hope so...
Honey wake up new bill wurtz
oMg DnF cOlOrS!!1!1!!1! /s seriously tho this is a great song 👍 /gen
THE KING IS BACK YAAYYYYY!!
THE KING IS HERE
Bill is back
daydreaming or am i?
I'm in love with you
The king has returned.
take one shot every time the song says ‘dream’ and you too can experience what this man saw in his dream
This has made my day.
BILL
hell yeah B)
It's always a delight watching Bill Wurtz's videos and listening to his music.
When the world needed him the most he returned
I bet bill has more checkmarked subscribers than any other YouTuber.
Certified Banger 💥 👍
god I needed this
Its perfect...
holy shit
Dreemyn      Bunker hill is a drumlin, also the battle of bunker Hill wasn't fought on bunker hill.
Apparently I’m Viewer 71,000 That’s a neat number It ends in 3 zeros Uhh Oh yeah good song btw
Ooh it’s a crisp 71,000 views on my screen. It’s a satisfying view for such a satisfying tune
BILL IS ALIVE
The dream, wasn’t what it seemed
The man has returned at last.
I must’ve woken up in that dream where Bill Wurtz dropped yet another banger...  Hope I don’t wake up
speed run more than
This one feels like a dream, it actually captures the emotion really well
Aight he isn’t dead cool
so bill is encouraging me to keep dreaming <333333 I'm happy
I CLICKED IMMEDIATELY
I haven’t seen this guy’s channel in a long time is this a face reveal???  Awesome song and animation btw
new bill song, day instantly unruined
Welcome back 🥰
oh my god guys its happening
Bill Wurtz has his own genre of music
I think this is legitimately my favourite song of bill wurtz's, it's incredibly fun
wow, that was really cool wierder than usual and that's pretty great!
Bill uploading a new video is like a long distance friend surprising you in person 😍
I was almost afraid you left us again
this is the type of music you hear when you overdose
dang im early lets gooooooo
OMG VIDEO
Sincerely very comforting to listen to. As always, I adore your work and appreciate you sharing it.
You make such unique fun videos, thank you.
"Today I woke up." Unfortunately, same.
Going, to be honest, I don't get it but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
Literally a highlight of my day.
Soooo what’s the dream
Your song always motivate me to do something
OML HE UPLOADED
This song reflects my ideal. You got to believe :3
He spent 5 months ascending to the 3rd dimension
Thank you for saving this no-bones day
Don’t worry guys bill wurtz just ran out of ideas for a while
bruh ft. dream
hey
I love the song! The music video is also so cool.  Also dream in the name of the song and blue and green in the thumbnail
Vibing hard man Gotta love Bill Wurtz
*HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
Man, i freaking love dreams!
omg
I'm in school for Jazz music, and I honestly, unironically believe Bill Wurtz is one of the most talented musicians of the 21st century, in competition with the likes of Jacob Collier in my opinion as a mere mortal
Thats funky
5 months! And the legend is back with a banger track!
Know that when bill uploads its gonna be a good day
This stuff is best listened to high.
Babe wake up, new Bill Wurtz just dropped
3D bill wurst videos are magical.
Return of the King.
like 400 comments after a literal 15 minute period
These are the 'One note nightmare' trope incanate.
thank you for this, bill 💖
Charles Cornell is going to be very, very busy.
The king is back 😳👑
NEW BILL WURTZ JUST DROPPED
when the world needed him most, he came back.
this Shows people that you can make good music in what looks like a cramped apartment
the wait was definitely worth it for this
BABE BABE WAKE UP, NEW BILL WURTZ DROPPED
It's so funny how I obtain instantaneous happiness out of a non sense video with so much sense lyrics and a simple, yet pleasant instrumental.  Love you bill wurtz <3
I like to exist in my dreams
HE'S BACK!!
The beautiful enigma is back!
This was a flat out banger.
there's no one quite like Bill
This is awesome
Great way to end my stressful day at school
Today I woke up
More than a Dream? A legit speedrun!
bill wurtz world toor when
gosh i love it
I don't know enough about music to say intelligently why this is good, but it sounds groovy to me.
I got a nightmare kindly
I am still in a dream [the dream is holding me hostage]
Brilliant! Thanks, Bill :)
Let’s go
The best birthday gift I could have ever gotten. Thank you Bill!
bill wurtz makes the most motivational videos yet nobody knows what they mean.
OH SHIIIT, HE'S BACK BABYYYYY!
The best dream to ever have: a new Bill Wurtz song coming out.
YEAAAAAAAAH!
Love the new color palette of gray
HES BACK !!
You are the dream our dreams aspire to dream.
Banger!
This guy is a fragment of 2017 trapped in time
He, actually… uploaded
New vid 😀
I JUST HAD MY WORST DAY OF SCHOOL THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR UPLOADING
bill wurtz jazzy music is best music... slap that in all the elevators and local supermarkets
Bill's alive again
THE RETURN OF THE KING
im so sad
And let the countdown begin until Charles Cornell drops a video about this
He's back
this video is more than a dream
dreaming is fun
bill wurtz
I am awarely starting to have severe depression, but I feel like every Bill's song is trying to help me with that
Nice
i see matt healy's grown to reach a wider audience of animation style
Twas just yesterday when I wondered when we'd get another bill wurtz video
I believe in Love right now
Thank you for existing
Oh yes, new video!
owo indeed, Bill. owo indeed.
Keep up the great work bill, you always release amazing stuff!
i guess you could say this is a fever dream
Have a nice day Bill, thanks for this 🤓
I swear I was daydreaming today about what you'd been up to, and woah! It was this song!
64k 35min i was here
This is even better then I'd Dreamed it be 🥁
when we needed him the most he returned
omg
*Figures out inverse kinematics* Imma make a stick boi dance
Love you, Bill! You’re the best, and I quote you daily
OH WHAT A NEW BANGER YOU'VE BLESSED US WITH ONCE MORE. MASTERPIECE.
bill wurtz is god
I swear your music is effortlessly amazing
this is the music you hear when you overdose
This has inspired me to cheat in a speedrun
Woke up now today
THIS IS NOT A DRILL HE POST A VIDEO
*y e s*
Sehr gut!
I subed because of this :)
This song is a real vibe today, love it!
Bill! Yay!
Absolutely jammin' over here Nice job!
I dream therefore I am
the time has come
hes back!!!!!
Just got onto first shift,  chilling on the couch with our puppy and Bill Wurtz uploads for the first time in forever. Heeeccckk yeah
3:18 OWO
bill wurtz is the best drug
The perfect combination of 2d & 3d in a music video.
I like how he basically just sings random things that rhyme in an organized way that makes it a good song. It’s an art form!
YOU’RE ALIVE
Babe wake up bill wurtz just posted
You know a Bill Wurtz video means a better day
Hi umbrella guy
Yo kinda crazy that this was uploaded at the same time my dreams have been getting wackier, lol
Bill Wurtz gives me some major Toby Fox vibes. Not because their music is similar, but purely because of the feeling they give off. I can't explain it.
where did you come from bill
Noice!
Love you
he's back hooray
On this one he is exploring polyrythms
Fucking gorgeous my dude
Drop whatever you are doing, because bill wurtz uploaded.
The transition to a new key at 1:48 was the most beautiful thing I've heard
another great song
😐😑🙂
Pure banger
If I could provide anyone with a fraction of the goodness that Bill Wurtz has provided for me and my life (FOR FREE!!!!) then I feel I will have lived a good life. :)
bill. hand in marriage? please?
Never thought i would be this lucky being early in a Bill Wurtz video.
Welcome back, Bill. Also, congratulations on 5 million subs!
BIG POG NEW UPLOAD
Yayyyy!
Here for when bill actually posted!
pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog  pog
Right
the king returns
I just checked my notifications and I see this. Insta click
It’s always a good day when you upload dude thanks I needed this
Dude are you psychic..?
same
42:00
Omg
Yesterday I dreamt we had bread and then this morning I tried to make a sandwich and we didn't have bread so I had to buy bread. Very cool 10/10 dream would sleep again
It was a nightmare
"now that everyone is screaming at me" you bet we are but it's because we're happy you're back!!
Really needed this kind of optimism today! ❤
Hi
epic
Somehow to me this song is about derealisation and it kinda almost makes sense
The reckoning is nigh.
Was having a bad day… Thank you mr. wurtz for cheering me up.
The legend is back
HI DAMIN
He died.
cool
He’s back
Sounds like yacht rock.
God is back
New song ooo
This song summarizes the feeling of waking Up in the middle of a very interesting dream and wanting to go back to sleep to resume it
yoooo new bill wurtz song dropped
Glad to see another banger from one of the most creative people on the platform. keep it up!
And when we needed him most, he returned
Inception
This actually slaps, thanks Bill!
it may be a no bones day, but bill wurtz posted today so its still good :)
This is amazing
Wow he's back, our Lord and saviour cheese wedge blu green.
[Insert copy pasta about pretending to be a carrot here]
i missed you. thanks for the video.
It's 3 am and i just woke up. Or did i? Is this a dream?
HE IS  BACK
We need to Dream to comment on this video
3d boi is grooving
thanks bill
C: his videos make me happy
Woah, perhaps my favorite one yet! Beautiful
literally just checked up on the channel randomly and saw this was uploaded
omg!!! I love you aaaa!!!!!
bill wurtz videos make me unreasonably happy,, they give an emotion that does not exist and i am here for it
This is what’s special about today
holy moly you came back!
Another amazing video by the lord himself.
YES BILL WURTZ I LOVE YOU
i would agree dream is the best thing that happened to us
The entirety of Inception boiled down into 3 minutes 41 seconds
I must be dreaming if Bill Wurtz just uploaded
The king returns
am I dreaming?
HES BACK! Finally. Now I got some money and some cash. I’m rich with 2 dollars and now I’m sad. But it was a princesses. How? But it was a dream. Edit: cringe as fu- Edit 2: still cringe at fuc-
Son is that you?
Our king
I really needed this. Thanks.
Also Jeffrey Epstein and John McAfee didn't kill themselves
Stick man has a 3rd dimension!
i like these, thank
Depression: cured
19:23 my favorite part 😳
he got to 3d stuff? woah
he's handsome tho
new reason to live
watched in a big screen, so happy for this choice. loved it! ♥♥
the mix of 2d and 3d is amazing! here's to howevermany more incredible songs!
Bill Wurtz always makes my day
💚💚💚💙💙💙😳😳😳
A blessing from the lord!
I dreamed that deltarune spamton was an entity about pizza instead of spam. He had a factory that created more clones of him that were made of pizza, and newer clones kept getting made worse and worse and died easily. But elite executive clones were golf themed instead and beat me up with golf clubs. But the golf clones fell Into the pizza clone machine and became useless pizzas instead.
Now gather here before it's reach 100.000 views Oh don't forget the tickets🔖
bethooven's been real quiet after this dropped, and i haven't heard about mozart either
ALSO GET HIM TO 50M SUBS 5M IS NOT EGOH
He’s not dead!
make more history of the entite world
1:49 SPICY!!
This guy makes the best random songs and I love it
The man himself is back!!
Best thing I’ve watched in the last 5 months
All hail our lord and savior bill wurtz
There has to be some secret message behind these that we just haven’t figured out yet..
I really needed something like this. I was feeling awful
LETS GOOO
Hi people of YouTube, I have come from somewhere to ask but one thing, where is the dog at?
This is the best way to wake up.
The king returned
This isn't even a joke song.
I missed you
YOOOOO HES BACK!!!!!
They definitely, have to contract this guy…
yay i finally got early
Oh hey, is Bill, pretty neat
Just when we thought he was gone, he came bacc :)
When the world needed him most, he came back.
We need a history of the world update
WOOOOO
Infinite dreams??
Not random enough
pin what
It's been 84 years...
Bill Wurtz is in my funeral playlist
Good vibe
o its the funy man
You're videos/songs are so deeply interesting. At first you only realize the message that dreams are great and stuff. Like the actual text. And everything is quirky and weird and absurd in a way that makes it look almost childishly silly. But if you analyze literally anything further you get more detailed and deep messages. I truly love it.
i've slipped into chaos
believe in the dream
bill wurts is really gooddd   *Lets make a religion out of him*
Did you change your microphone? You sound even more amazing! <3
I still can’t believe he’s back
~~vibes~~
more than a bill wurtz video :D
3:38 :(
Dreamception
Finally,the Song doesn't end depressing
Where's the early gang at?
As brilliant as ever
HE BE BACC AGAIN
The return of the king
This unironicaly fucking slaps
Amazing
Some days really are cranked.
This one made me cry.
This is some of your finest work.
Already listened to it 5 times. So good!
Woo! Bill’s back!
BILL WURTZ MAKER OF THE SUN IS A DEADLY LASER POG POG POG
ooowowowo
bill is backkkkk!!!
Inception be like
Always so happy to see your work! Another wonderful piece of art!!! Thank you for sharing your talents with us!!!!
'What type of music do you listen to?' *'Uhhh- it's complicated'*
you learned grease pencil
Yeah...but can we dream about going on land yet?  No... Why?  The sun is a deadly laser...
I've missed you, Bill! Welcome back to the dream 🤔
UR LYINGGGGG
just watched a bill wurtz video for the first time in a while yesterday!
Hes back
Welcome home.
im still very impressed that mr wurtz took a hiatus and came back with a full transition from 2d to 3d rendering
bill wurtz returns
i was sleeping then idk why but i woke up and see this so... worth it
He lives
The king is back
LETS GOOO
HES BACK FROM THE DEAD BOYS
:0
The legend is back
I can smell people spamming dnf after seeing the thumbnail
HE IS BACK!
the legend is back again
Happy Bill Day!
Here within an hour
the king is back
*yes*
GOOD VIDEO BILL WURTZ !!
its a good day when i can smile at a new random video
he is back
Hype
S E E
Pog
this feels like sort of a happy ending to "just did a bad thing" theres a bunch of motifs from that song that i think i recognize and i think that's super cool
He's back!!!!
Thank you for gracing us with your presence, king.
Ngl...i genuinly havent stopped smiling since i watched this.
insane that he even uploaded
The Legend has posted once again.
30 minutes ago
Yo yo yo woooooo
“Babe, new Bill Wurtz vid just dropped”
Yessss made my day
ITS AAAAALLLIIIIVVVEEEEE
Bill: shoot I'm outta cash, guess I gotta make another banger
Me: "THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!! Is this heaven? Is this a dream?"  bill wurtz: "more than a dream..."
Is this a dream? He uploaded??
hooroo
Hell yeah, love that funk
Would love to see a 20 minute song!
Les go
yess new video
-The messia- Bill has come back to bless us with the song of the dream!
Welcome back! 😃 This song is less weird than the rest but it's amazing like always. 👍
YES BILL, YES!
Got here within 30 minutes check
Ayo we got a vid lets go
another masterpiece from the master. Thanks for all your hard work and heart, man
that's the best use of blender i've ever seen
Deltarune
Welcome back! I was excited to see a new video of you pop up!
This is so inspiring somehow
One day some dude dreamed a Bill Wurtz, and the Lord said: "I'm stealing that!"
Bill posted a video! My day is immediately made!
"Dreams have hidden meanings"  My dreams :
*another epic song from the epic man himself.*
a legend strikes again
.
Dreaming of Bill
This video is a dream
It's 3 A.M. Nice
holy shit new bill wurtz video?? and posted only 29 minutes ago?? this is wild
This song made me cry a litle while wanting to dream
Isn't it ironic, today during school I wondered how long it had been since bill wurtz last uploaded. keep it up man
3:18 - OwO
The King is back! Congrats on 5 million!
Made my night
hes backkkk
HES STILL ALIVE
:0
Dream
will burtz
HES BAAAACK
I’m here before 100k+ views
This is one of those channels where I smash the like button before the first moment of the video has played
YOU ARE BACK BILL
He probably makes the most creative lyric videos on this platform
Yes
Bill finally woke up :D
please collab with jacob collier !! it would be very **chef's kiss**
Love how he uses a green screen only to change the color of the green screen itself.
The king has spoken
He's back
The legend has returned
part of the shifts in paradigm the world is in search of. beautiful, thank you <3
Sure these full songs are cool and all, but I miss the short and sweet stuff!
Yes, good, very good, song
You crazy beautiful man you've made my day again!
I must be dreaming
The King returns for my birthday?     This is more than a dream!
If this doesn’t inspire you to finish that blender project I don’t know what will 🤷‍♂️
It's always a good day when a bill wurtz song pops up in your feed.
I love every single song you write
Creative. Positive. Groovy. Great work Bill, as always! ☺️🎶
love ur art bill
yuotube you're not fooling anyone we all know bill doesn't put ads on his videos
YEEEEEEEEEEEES
OH MY GOD BILL'S BACK :D AND HIS VIDS ARE BETTER THAN EVER
This reminds me of Between The Lions for some reason.
My day has officially become better thanks to you
Bill back at it again with a banger
This video accurately portrays my dreams
INSTANT bop. bill wurtz graces the world with his musical prowess yet again
the true dream is Bill upload a new video
Am I dreaming or is this a mf bill wurtz upload?
Right on goddam time
Thanks bill
👌
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR WURTZY IS BACK!
Persona 6 Opening Credits leaked, Atlus is kinda fast
he... hes alive 0_0
HE'S BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Almost feel guilty watching this. It feels almost too valuable. 😂
i think I'll dream about this
Lets Go
Finally he came back to us! Welcome back legend
True [sic] is pretty poetic, honestly
The best dream ever: bill wurtz uploading
„I‘ve slipped into chaos“
*WAKE UP BABE , BILL WURTZ POSTED A NEW VIDEO*
his content is way too creative
welcome back
The return of the king
Holy shit
This makes me happy :)
This was the perfect day for Bill to post, I needed this
The amount of checkmarks in this comment section is insane
POV: You just had a lucid dream and got REALLY inspired
Charles Cornell is going to go bananas over these chords Lol!
YES
encapsulates the feeling you get when bill wurtz uploads a new video
Remeber cheese is just smelly milk that you can chew on
This comment section is so wholesome it makes me almost as happy as this song makes me
Alright folks, start the timer for the Charles Cornell video 😂
My Tf2 hit sound is Bill’s *N O*
<3
Bill Wurtz should be an entire genre of music they so good
Bill my man
This was absolutely amazing.
why he vibin doe
God himself has reappeared
HE HAS RETURNED
Was it a wet dream?
Every time I listen to one of Bill's songs, I find myself smiling without even knowing it
What a legend
Hi
Less than an hour late gang ❤
These songs are becoming more cohesive and generally more 'musical' without losing the chaotic and nonsense vibe of the older stuff. Nice.
Request: History of America
Sonunda animasyonun hem eski tadını veriyor hem de teknik açıdan daha gelişmiş. Kemale ermiş bir stil ile bill wurtz en güçlü hali ile karşımızda, sadece herkes bekleyecek kadar sabırlı olamadı sanırım :')
Love how he appears, post a banger, then go for 4 month  and the chain start again.
Plot Twist: Bill wurtz is Dream
Wb bw
"now that everyone is screaming at me, what does it mean?"
it is
The return of the king!
i had a dream about old popular channels coming back and uploading again. coincidence?
see y'all in another half a year when he uploads again
The Return of the King!
YOOOO
Thank you for the dream!
this shit could be interpreted in so many ways, but i don't want anyone to tell me how to interpret it. the way i've interpreted makes me really happy. i will not tell you because i want everyone to take their own little bit of happiness that they needed from this.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Absolute LEGEND
As someone with very odd dreams, this video is a threat.
I've never had so much fun losing track of the downbeat before.
This is great
Bill wurtz has returned again!
He's alive
Moral of the story today he woke up lmao
I didn't know a Bill Wurts Upload would instantly have Like 5 Large Influencers commenting on it right away.
He comes back again
HE’S BACK BOYS
Just when we thought he was gone again.
Cool
he bac
here before even 1M views (50k right now)
When The World Needed Him Most, He Came Back
Every video bill posts is a comeback video essentially Welcome back LORD
bill wurtz is kinda like that cousin you barely ever see
The return of the king
It was a dream?
lit
Babe wake up Bill Wurtz uploaded
The legend has come back, as they always say... "legends never die"
This made my day
Everytime things seem bad, here Bill comes to pick me back up!
A bill wurtz upload is always a very cool thing !
He is alive
The king is back
here before this shit gets 20000000 bilion million views
The man himself is back
Bill Wurtz?? It’s been too long
Earliest I've made it to a wurtz video, yippie
How does he manage to come up with lyrics that both do and do not sound AI generated?
The god has descended from the heavens to bestow another gift today
I love Bill's songs. They sound like a dream, they're more than a dream. When I listen to them, I feel like I just ascended, and I love the feeling of this innocent joy. I really hope the best things to him and to people reading this. I hope you get the same feeling, it can you during a bad day or give you even more happiness
Hey king! I see you came back, shall I get your crown for you?
Comes back when it’s needed
The Return of the King
nice
bill uploaded, drop everything
Wasn't sure I was still the same person by the time I got to the end of that, wow.
Id have been earlier but fell
I can't believe this took 5 months to make, Bill truly is one of the best artist of our generation
Wow the greatest is back
god isn't dead!
today he woke up
What a masterpiece once again!
¡Slap!   **Clap**   💜💜💜
Beautiful
wake up babe new bill wartz video
claim ur 25m ticket here
ay
King of the key change! Thanks buddy, let's do Christmas again this year.
hello Billiard Worts
If I had a dollar for every time he said the word "dream", I'd be a millionaire
true [sic]
Your videos are amazing.
0:11 that made me laugh more than it should have
A lovely, long dream.
This was exactly 6 months after his last video
My dream came true today!
This is the best PowerPoint presentation I've ever seen
O
les gooo
.
I can die a happy man now
I napped about how much time I had to nap
Thank you!! You bring such excitement back into my life with your world of music and imagery. Such a delight every time, no matter the vibe you’re speaking on. Thank you
:o
Bill Wurtz has woke up
nice
Fever dream
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I was just thinking about how bill wurtz hadn't posted in a while
The return of the King
*Our god has returned*
Dream has ruined the meaning of dreams
Welcome back my friend
hes back!
Long live the king
and here i thought he stopped making videos. clearly i was wrong!
Freedom is for suckers. The ideal life for a lion is to live in a zoo. Free food, free healthcare, security, no hunters, it's perfect. A lion doesn't belong in a savannah. What does it know about living a lion life? If freedom is anything it's freedom from hunger, freedom from sickness, freedom from danger and freedom from enemies. A zoo is the most freedom a lion will ever have. It's why they look so happy to be there.
I can't believe i'm saying this, but *he's copying technoblade* 's stratagy of gaining a massive fanbase, seemingly disappear, and come back uploading once a semester
Just a good song ngl
weee
beautiful
about to have a dream I hope everyone else does so ♥️♥️
well hello there
this was a very early birthday gift.  i couldnt ask for anything more.
OUR LORD HAS RETURNED
:O He's back
Liminal video :)
a new bill wurtz video?? who are you? and what did you do with the real bill wurtz?
Omgggg bill wurtz is back!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍
Beautiful
Wait wait.   He posted that I might quit video (this https://youtu.be/mpkf_p71rKY ) just before the world went to shit. What if, since he's posted this video, we might be on the tail end of this shit storm?  I know, I know. It's really just pure coincidence.
yay a new bill wurtz upload
Here to save the world
no.    wait. i meant yes.
those 40 dislikes deserve to be disliked
I knew he'd be back soo
it's a good day to be alive
finally a new vid C:
omgomggomgigmomgomgomgomgomggomgomg
My brain hurts
Wait is this a dream?
The 3D and 2D graphics together! looks so good!
Daddy
ever since he learned blender, bill has grown exponentially more powerful
THE KING IS BACK BOIZZZZ
The return of the king
Me: ok, I’m going to start on my homework! Phone: yo bill wurtz just uploaded Me: finally a good excuse to procrastinate more! 👍
When you make bob ross an auditory artist and mix him with a little funk
I stan bill wurtz
holy _hell_ was that good immediate first impressions - use of 7/4 as 3+4 and chord progression reminded me of BDG's See The Day but with all the bill wurtz flavour and then it takes its own path and then it _really_ takes its own path love it
he's back
An absolute jam
today i woke up and the iconic legend came back!
Return of the King.
So metamodern, I like it
You're Alive!
I was having a bad day until you uploaded. Now it's the best day ever
anyone else dream about bombing a federal building?
The transitions in this video were insanely smooth.
Bill uploads with a JoJo reference. He always is unpredictable
Bill wurtz learning how to use blender was the best thing to happen on this platform
I had kind of a bad day, makes it better
I like the 3D man
cool
This slaps.
Welcome back bill wurtz
when we needed him the most, he came back
more than a fever dream
i would not like the shadow man with the long eyes to become more than just a dream
Banger
when the world needed him most, he returned.
Your new video like light of the sun after dark, so good Greetings from Russia
OMG GETY
A jammer as usual, Mr. wurtz
I might be wrong, but is this song's signature alternating between 7/8 and 8/8?
Welcome back Bill!!!
daddy wurtz uwu
I had beans for dinner yesterday and dreamt that I was floating in space eating cat's toes and laughing by myself, I blame the beans.
Bill! My dream came true:          We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up) We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye *Bill!*
babe wake up bill wurtz’s back
Thank you
Solid vibe bro
I'd never though I would see the day where bill wurtz would upload agian. Today was a good day.
I don’t know about you guys but I think he’s dreaming
it is he he arrive hello
Hi
omg he uploaded!
Dreams can be beautiful.
I don’t seek to understand a bill wurtz song anymore. I feel like the song is the listener and I’m the one being picked apart and analyzed  👁        👄         👁
He returns :)
The Legend has returned😎
Every bill wurtz song feels like a masterclass in music harmony
Cause that's the way I like to live my life!
BABE WAKE UP, BILL POSTED
bill!
Babe wake up bill wurtz uploaded
Bill Wurtz makes the most nonsensical songs slap so hard. So good to have a new one to jam to.
welcome back
The return of the king.
Thanks, Bill.  I'm going to dream of a sky full of blue rings, tonight.
I love bo burnham
This vibes hard
king is back.
Return of the king
fz lyiog HE DIDNT LEFT
Wow bill
YES!
This unironically slaps
Yes yes this makes me happy
I just realized Bill got to 5 million subs almost solely due to 2 videos XD
Glad to see you back
OMG BILL WURTZ UPLOADED ALREADY SHARED TO 3 OF MY FRIENDS
Wake up babe new Bill Wurtz banger
Oh hey its the guy who made that good bye song :D
This is a dream
Yay, this felt amazing
Not only does he return, but he brings out a slap at that too
Hey king 👑 welcome back dawg
A new one!
Woah bro you came back after you disappeared in the renaissance
how do i staple a music video to the front door of the vatican
Worth the wait
Bill Wurtz's songs are fever dreams
Bill has such an unique style, not sure if they feel like dream or more than just that.
He finally came back
The king is back
Wurtz can break every law of a song and it'd still sound good
real
You posted this within minutes of my mother's death. It was surreal, to say the least. Thanks for the laugh, and the weirdest timing of my life. So happy to see you still making content.
i dont think anyone thought bill's videos could get any better but then he proved us all wrong when he made a huge comeback using blender
Me: *sad* Bill Wurtz: *uploads* Me: *happy*
Sweet, I get to forget about real life for 3:41 seconds now
NOWAYNOWAYNOWAY HEY BILLLLLLLLLL I LOVEYOUANDMISSEDYOUU
Relatable
Drem
Hiiiiiii bill
ꌦꄲ ꁝꏂ ꉣꄲꇙ꓄ꏂ꒯
WHOA. That's what you look like?! Siiiiick 🥰🥰🥰
1:38 I find this animation very cute.
These abstract graphics always remind me of Bond movie intros
Best content on youtube
Hello Jesus.
HE LIVES
is this a dream?
Now let's wait Chris Cornell's reaction and adoration to this masterpiece
my life became better
This got me really motivated
OH MY GOD THE LEGEND UPLOADED
stop dissapearing please thanks
bill wurtz is an absolute fucking legend, his videos just ooze creativity and genuine thought provoking ideas out of every frame in them, and im certain his videos will pass the test of time for years to come and inspire generations of artists.
(Added to playlist)
Last time I was this early, Bill rendered his animations on a toaster.
Holy shit is that Bill Wurtz
Bill uploading is always a dream come tgrue
This man has never once made anything bad.
i watched history of the world again and thought "man i miss bill wurtz" clicked on his profile, and boom here i am
This man always shows up at the perfect time
KING UR BACK
Good morning Bill.
When you can’t guess what lyrics come next, you know it’s a great song
Yet again an absolute banger, sir. <3
💭💕
What?!? New video, nice
Return of The King
I love seeing bill improve in both music and video making
i think i see a dreamer right now
Well, he’s back
Can you please do a history of the USA
HES BACK
0:54 owo
HES BACK MY BOIS   3:18 owo
When the world needed him most… HE CAME BACK!
Bill Wurtz uploads are dreams come true.
He says so much, but so little.
I believed that Bill Wurtz would come when we needed him, this song is more than I dreamed in history
He's back
HE IS BACK
I just love you for being as you are
bil wurz
OMG im so early... im excited to watch this aaah!&@&@&@!@!
"daydreamingdreamindreamtdreamydreamyredreameddreamderdreamdreamsdreamydreamsdaydreamsdreamydreaming" Thanks for coming to my TedTalk
Thank you, Bill. I'm currently home from work on a "sick" day (aka, depression). You're always a much needed shot of optimism.
The day just gets so much better when Bill uploads
this is very poetic and somehow cheered me up a bit
King
He back
Welcome back!  This is an awesome dream come true
I’m never late for a Bill Wurtz upload
HE IS BACK
I want to watch a film where Bill does the score.
rhe man has returned
bill wurtz with blender is amazing
It felt like a dream when I got this notification
He not dead?
I think I have this theory that all of us, and everything in the world is part of a dream bill is having, and today he realized that, and is telling us.
This chord progression is nuts
*Fun fact: I’m not a verified YouTuber....yet* *Claim your “here before verified ticket” here* *Lol* 🎫
If I ever become a succesful singer, I'd pay Bill good money to make me a MV or something for sure, so much fun
New Bill Wurtz? Must be a brand new world. Thank you for the joy you bring
Damn, what a nice moment to be alive.
i know the videos and lyrics appear to be so random, but they always have this kind of... subtle meaning to them that just makes you feel better. thank you, bill. you're the best.
I think the message of this song is about how our dreams can change the world for the better so we should believe in them and tell each other about what we believe in to make the world better
Oh cool bill wurtz uploaded.  ...  OH MY GOD BILL WURTZ UPLOADED
Quite a banger by Bill Wurtz
Let’s goooo! Nothing better than more Bill in your day!
Finally
Proud to be part of the most supportive community on YouTube ❤️
HES BACK
who is bill and why is this recommended to me no matter what i search?
thank you king 🙌
Fuk yea
Ah yes the kings returned
time to listen to this song ultimately too many times
Fantastic, love it
this is epic
Can't wait for non-song videos to return too
This guy makes our days LEGENDARY!
This such a wholesome fever "dream"
Babe wake up, Bill Wurtz dropped a new video
'v'
Must have been a bones day
"dreams makes sense" my dreams 0:16
HES BACK AGAIN EVERYONE STAY CALM
HES BACK
💞
True Video Title: WTF
bill uploads a song Me: today is gonna be a good day
bill is back, this is surreal!
HE'S BACK OMG
My day just got a whole lot better ! Thanks Bill !
It makes so much and no sense at the same time😂😂
Nice
pog
With other good songs, you hear them and immediately love them. With Bill Wurtz you have to watch it a few times to process whatever the floof is happening.
Truly harmonious.
That last ooooooWOWOWO made me fully slip into chaos……. Please help
The savior returns
Welcome back I see you’ve mastered the art of 3d
Bill Wurtz tries an edible
HES BACK
Gotta love that Bill Wurtz sound
It’s amazing how Bill’s songs lyrically sound like profound truths and bizarre, incoherent ramblings simultaneously. That takes some serious skill. Love your stuff, man! 👍🏻
LETS GO A NEW UPLOAD
He bak w 3
Good!
When the friend havent been online for 9 years come back:
The graphical fidelity in this video is making me dream a dream I’ve never dreamed of dreaming in my wildest dreams.
This is song is more than a dream, so f'ing good dude
woa
What do I have to do to make a bill wurtz Tour happen?!?!?
sculp t ure     re
Hey bro how are you
He is back
Deltarune in a nutshell
The return of the king!
Yay more awesome music
god i love how cool his videos are!!! im so happy about this new banger :D
OMG, you're still alive!
History of ( some country) when?
❤️🧡❤️🎉🎉🎉
THE RETURN OF THE KING  AFTER 5MONTHS
the return of the king
Oh man, this is incredible. Really hope this comes out on spotify soon. Those chord where straight banging yo
The Return Of The King. Now we only need sam o' nella
The return of the king
banger as always
It feels like an event every time Bill uploads a video
Art.
Bill, thank you so very much
Early!
YOOO
Just imagine that Kim John ung plays this it at a speech
This man is the remainder of vine. The best part
Mendela effect
DO MORE MONDAY VIDEOS       please
he returns
The prophet has returned to empart upon us more divine wisdom.
yooooooooo he's back
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Lol
today i woke up and watched more than a dream
He do be spittin' facts doe
vid is up for just minutes, 5700 comments. Yup. Bill is king.
So you were dreaming now make sense
not many things in life can bring me genuine happiness but your videos sure can
he's back!!!! lol I try to dream with other people (together in the same dream) and he's makes a song about dreaming... what a coincidence
nothing more to say than, thanks Bill.
So is it a bones day im guessing?
me too
I KNEW SOMETHING GOOD WAS GONNA HAPPEN TODAY
thanks for another video we needed
Immediately makes my mood better when Bill Wurtz posts.
The legend returns!
We can make a religion out of this
FIRST HOUR LET'S GOOOO
Return of the king
King made another one
I hear you, Bill.
yessss
That key change hit so hard
Been 5 months. What happened.
I’m honored to be in the presence of the best dreamer in history.
I've been waitingggggg
MY KING IS BACK
Collect your 'less than 1 hour award' here!
I never thought I’d see the day!
I'm sure I'm not dreaming. My mind cannot conjuring anything close to this level of creative content.
Yooooo
bill back
Bill is extremely talented.
the style changes are so beautifully put together
ok
Turnt.
This is the best fucking thing I've seen today. Thank you for this video.
Never stop you are a gift
Is this a dream, Bill?
OH MY GOD
i dreamed the same dream today too
The moment you released this, my grandma called me for dinner. Also, your voice sounds really good in this song!
Jam
bah, I kinda stopping believing in dreams you know
I now believe in the dream, thank you Bill for your revolutionary words of wisdom.
HES BACK
ayyy hes back with another BANGER of a tune
Bill said owo
Yo, thanks bill.
This is a wonderful birthday gift. Thank you, bill wurtz.
He is back
“Dreaming about the thing I dreamed” -Bill Wrutz, 2021
he has returned
He’s back
is it weird that i have my own interpritations of these songs now
I believed you would be back 💖 And you did 💃 Best day ever.
The Return of the King
bill wurtz let’s gooo
This is my best birthday gift ever
Oh wow he finally learned to rhyme!
He's back
No way! i was just rewatching your videos earlier haha
Happy :D
the king is back
The legend posts once again!
Now we wait for it to be released on Spotify
I wanna hear a Scary Pockets cover of this track :D
An optimistic anthem for post-pandemic times.
Bill Wurtz actually uploads? WTF
This unironically made my day when I saw Bill posted lol
me seeing notification: BILL WURTZ UPLOADED I GOTTA STOP EVERYTHING IM DOING AND WATCH IT NOW me after going back to life: fuck my food is burnt
Under 100k views here;
BILL TIME BILL TIME BILL TIME B
Guess whos back, back again
I like to call this type of music Wurtzcore
today I woke up, and Bill uploaded
luv u
epic
I got covid the day you posted and I don't think it's some kind of coincidence
I love this man
Hiii...we miss you
*0:25* What a coincidence! My day was sordid too!
Bill wurtz upload Pog
Me, staying up so watch a video for a song about dreams:
When bill uploads a video
They screamed at him for he told the truth
I have a dream.
is this homestuck
got me over here vibing my neck off
HELLOOO, Welcome back :)
welcome back
Yaaay
oh look bill wurtz posted              this is so pog
Welcome back.
HES BACK!
Made my day, thanks.
Nice
the graphic upgrade king shittttt 🔥🔥🔥💞💞💞💞 welcome back and with a bop at that 😋
when you need him most he comes back
LETS GO
I had a feeling today would be the day
“And when the World needed him the most, he returned.”
Yaaaay!!!
THE LEGEND IS BACK
Eyyyyyyy he's back
my dreams look like Bill's videos, maybe I'm in a dream right now? are you guys real?
I also woke up in a dram
Yeay he is back. The cool geography teacher is back with a techno tribal misic
It really shows that you’re putting a lot of efforts in those new 3D videos ! Amazing song as always
Legend
Welcome back
Hes like a father that says hes going to get milk and returns with gold bars
Thank you
Welcome back, been missing ya in my sub box
Cristopher Nolan: *frantically takes notes*
had no idea bill was a stan
This is so beautiful
Today he woke up from his dream to share this masterpiece with us
I can't help but wonder if he's amused by his current popularity.  Nothing more fickle than public opinion.
These visuals are always really visually weird and yet it's really pleasing. I love your music Bill.
The king has returned
I needed this
I am convinced that Bill Wurtz makes these so that someone else can remix it so it actually makes sense, but accidentally created a cult following that nobody else dares disturb instead.
king you're back
HE'S BACK! THE AVATAR HAS ARRIVED, SEND WORD TO THE FIRE LORD IMMEADIATELY
lets gooooooo new vid
Kiitos hyvää musaa öitä
ਵੈਲਖੋਮ ਬਾਕ
He was gone when we thought he would be around one more time
Bill. 😎
LESS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
This is very inspirational, especially because I had a bad day and this cheered me up :)
King
He is alive and back for more
Look who showed up!
Bill's back
The legendary king is back.
Ayup lad
It will not die
loveley
Happy your back
3D modeling lets go
worth the wait.
Petition for him to release an album
I'm gonna make sure to watch this again tomorrow morning cuz this just put a smile on my face
hello
Slapped a like as soon as I saw the notification. Don't even need to watch to like.
Bill Wurtz has the same name as Bill Cipher. Coincidence I think not.
bill posting on a no bones day was destined to happen.
babe wake up new bill wurtz just dropped
He uploads so little that every time he does people say "welcome back"
Nice, a bill wurtz video! See you guys next year when he uploads again!
Ok this actually slaps, so nothing unusual 😃 Love your vids man, and I want a dream where you upload more often.
Dream-Ception
A dream of mine just became true.
thank you man love the melodies and its also calming
it reminds me a lot of toto africa
Bill wurtz “The King” IS BACK!
Dream count: 26
Every time Bill posts, a new world era begins
"Dreams make sense" dreams: this vid lol, gud but confusing
Bill's music is so different we should call it something, I will call this genre Wurtzbop
Amazing. Simply Amazing
BILL WHAT
Is it on spotify though
This is a dream come true
he is the messiah!
spotify link from this song? please
Bill today woke up to upload this dreamy song. Awesome as always
Holy shit
I actually understand bill, but i dont get what biden even says half the time.  Lets go brandon.
That ending has got to be in the top 10 plot twist in music history
Could only of dreamed this would happen
This is better than all of the songs he released in 2021 in my opinion.
When the weight of world gets too heavy, the voice of bull wurtz comes to us all to take it away.
Welcome back lord 🙏
The Return of The King
Omg less than 20 minutes ago!
awesome as always
OOO OOO OOO OOO OOO
HE IS BAAAAACCCCCKKKKKK
this is going right on my main playlist!
Cool beans
It's always a good day when Bill uploads a new song.
Just 12 minutes and 32k views . Hi Bill Wurtz :) I think so many people waited for that.
slap!
When the world needed him most, he returned.
He's  Here
I swear it's impossible to be sad or angry while listening to your songs.
Finally the man is back!
HES BACK!
Welcome back, nice to see you again
Damn
kinda ironic that I watch it at 00:19 AM
WELCOME BACK
Yeah
unexpected
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
By the way, the song is very motivating
hello bill
how many times does this king return
turnt
Holy crap the man’s alive
yoooo
OH MY GOD HES BACK
E
The return of the king!
Epicness
Return of the king
Comment
I got your message. We are only free in our dreams as we are slaves to the elite in our woke time. That's what it means to be woke... A slave.
Welcome back big man
Ayo you alive
👏👏👏
THE MAD LADD HAS RETURNED
What
OH MY GOD THE KING HAS RETURNED 👑
I don't know why but bill wurtz's videos remind me to my school presentations  Also I LOVE THE SONG
This song is actually inspirational
More than a dream is when Bill Wurtz uploads
You know its a good day when there's a new Bill Wurtz
Imagine watching this video after a nightmare
15
He's back with a sick beat
Me: Having a bad day Bill: Uploads Me: :')
You guys need to shut the fuxk up about him "being back". He's been back for months now.
Bill is Back!
LOVE
He's back! 🎉
I'm so glad Bill learned how to use Blender, it has made a huge impact on his videos! They were always great, but now, they really are on another level.
His songs are so beautiful wierd
When the world needed him most, he returned
first 10k baby
Egg
6mins and over 15k likes and 35k views already keep it up
Was feeling down today until Bill uploaded, I can now probably make it to the end of the week
The aggressiveness of his optimism is really something to appreciate here
Great song keep it up
A god as came back
Ethiopia
Bill wurtz remember there Password of youtube, Its *more than a dream*
awog
another certified bop let's go
When the world needed him most, he returned
He’s back (yet again).
Today has gotten a little better.
Especially in the second half of this one, I'm getting jazzy, XTC-like vibes and I'm HERE for it.
We thought we was gone, then when the world seemed its darkest Bill blesses us with a video 💕
It’s been to long
It’s a good day when bill uploads.
Another banger: I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!!11!!
mans come back for an return
he’s backkk
I love this guy so much
Fitz and the tantrums
👍🏿 Love this ❤️
we’ve missed you king
5 million subs
My awful Tuesday has just been brightened 😊
The king has returned.
Whoa this is actually ridiculously good
ah, the master of oddly calming surrealist jazz is back :)
He wasn't gone, he was learning blender!
Alright, at this point, we should just accept that bill can upload whenever the fuck he wants.
*another masterpiece brought to you by bill wurtz.*
This is mu(sic)
Perfect
Awesome
The return of a legend
HE'S BACK
Why do these videos feel like they have a message, but also complete nonsense at the same time?
The Legend Is Back
hi
Yo new vid pogggg
Watching this with low bloodsugar certainly makes it feel like one lol
sheesh
This guy can do only one thing: Masterpieces
HOLY SHIT ITS BILL WURTZ HES BACK
Honesty, bill’s videos are usually goofy and stuff but this one seems a lot more deep than all the rest.
Can confirm that dreams are often better than reality, though some of them are either bizarre or horrifying.
This man has an impact. 33k views in 6 min after over a year of inactivity
HE IS BACK!
The Return of a King
[adult swim]
these verses have some of the smoothest 7/4 time I’ve heard in a while
Amazing.  Your talent tastes so good.
The RETURN OF THE KING 👑
I feel serene
This is the best use of Arial text I've seen.
Is not gonna talk about how this special song is very similar to "Always" by erasure? (Not sarcasm)
Lucid dreams are epbic
🥰
Not sure if this was intentional, but this looks like a dream.
Welcone back king of world history
Bill Wurtz lives! Today is a good day.
bill wurtz became a dream stan
the king of shaving pianos is back
*screams at him*
I'm dreaming. bill wurtz uploaded.
Shsuaivsus a shsueow wheie r rbthrie
There he goes again making more content for the history books. Btw best upload schedule I have ever seen :) 👍
Today he woke up, and we're glad he did
Bill made a new music video! Epic
Return of the king
Description: Shows his spotify My brain: It's time to reach 300 songs in my Spotify playlist
Sometimes I wonder if these truly make no sense, or if there's a symbolic meaning behind each one
:)
Back to the live
YEEESSSS ITS ON SPODIFYY
e
he takes years to upload
I had a dream last week where Bill Wurtz made a new video that dream came true today
“You bow to no one”
more or less a dream
welcome back!
Bill, I'm not sure if you uploading is a dream or not.
OMG HI
I can't believe what's happening right now
Mind blown
No matter how long you go, you will always be welcomed back.
The god returns
I really like the balance between the 2D and 3D animation you've found, bill. It's very pleasing and it fits your music really well. Looking forward to the next one, I'll keep this on loop in the meantime!
So is this a Deltarune reference?
Meanwhile me who get nightmares of 🦌 eating me
Finally you're back 😁😁😁
This man disappears and for 5 months and comes back with an absolute banger
I needed this. Made my day :D
dreamwastaken
huh.. That hit much harder than I expected
HES BAK
When the world needed him most, he came back
i like how he's went from 2d to 3d animated videos now
We need a Bill Wurtz and Mild High Club collab
Unusually groovy.
Holy shit that was good
YYYYEEEEEEAAAAHH OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR UPLOADED!!!!!!! DUSTRIFHFUG HGHGRQEGVKJCIDYDGXYXUFYXGDFFF
True
Always a must watch, never a disappointment
Y'know, some people don't see beyond the visuals, but when you look at the lyrics, it's far more than a garbled mess.
YOU'RE MORE THAN A DREAM, BRO
YEEEEEEEESSSS
Thanks, Bill! See you next year!
Hi again Bill Wurtz
My lord and savior
HES BACK
Very Good
bill wurtz uploads and the suicide rate drops
I've been waiting so long for a new Bill Wurtz vid, and it dos not disappoint.
lets goooo
You gotta love this man
WAKE UP HES BACK
Welcome back, I love your vids.
God is here
I clicked on this so fast
He's back!
what
Hello there
Can’t tell if this is a inspirational song or a god tier shitpost. Help
LETS GOOOOO BILL WURTZ UPLOAD
Wow the king is back and with a banger
oh
My day before bill wurtz posts: 📉 My day after bill wurtz posts: 📈
THE KING HAS RETURNED
coming back to this recent upload to say: i had a dream that robots dropped almonds as a reward
Hope you had a good sleep
THE KING IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
all im saying is bill would've been so good for 90s kids television
I've been waiting 4000... No 5000 years for this. The return of the King
Oh hey! it's the Nonsense Song Dude™  I freaking love this
The retuen of the king
He lives!
William Wurtz
Welcome back! I got really into your songs again just a few days ago, so this is a wonderful surprise.
Perfect video right before bed. Thank you Bill.
When we needed him most.
I'm to high for this
Hello there
Your videos keep getting more and more awesome!!!!!!
yay hes back
awa awa bill makes a new video
what if it was all a dream
Every Bill Wurtz video is a dream!
i wonder how many keyframes are in this animation
Welcome back!! 👏👏
yes
I needed this <3
Today is a good day.
my idol is bill wurtz
today is now a good day
Cool
wtf
It’s more than a dream that you’re back.
Bill wurtz is like the avatar, only comes back every 100 years
He probably makes the most creative lyric videos on this platform
he's back
Woohooo: this was my reaction bla bla anyways welll cooome
Such a beautiful voice
BILL! BILL! BILL! BILL!    banger music as always, you’re a gift to this earth
Another banger from the king
Last night I had like 5 dreams at once or something idk I don’t think I’ve done that before.
YES, BILL WURTZ IS BACK :DD
YUSSSSS NEW WURTZ!!!!
I knew that he was learning 4d lol that's amazing not gonna lie
Everytime Bill uploads it's like a piece of universal history becomes comprehendable
Am I dreaming?
Yesssss he posted!
Saving the year with his return
he's gonna be gone for 5 years and come back with a pixar film
Welcome back
This made my day :)
Return of The King
We got a 1/714 verified people commenting rate
i like dreams :)
best way to describe it is *funky*
holy shit that was the greatest beginning and ending to any song ever - i loved every single second of this
He back
YES THE KING IS BACK
Although I am a straight man, I would drop everything to marry Bill
YOU'VE RETURNED!
We all gathered today to witness something great...again..
it's happening it's happening
I’m pretty sure Bill Wurtz writes all his song lyrics when half asleep after a hangover
The most original musician of our age
Welcome back
Well this was a nice surprise!
Epic song
Omg, he's back
YAY
Sadly, someday even this legend will die...
beel wurst ;)
Yooo
Some of my favorite thing
welcome back
Missed you man <3
BILL YOURE HERE
Hello humans
the lord of drip comes back
I mean seeing you upload sure feels a lot like a dream
How it feels to chew 5 gum
hes back
Slapping that notification to watch as soon as I can. Thats my dream
am I dreaming or did bill just upload?
'More than anyone dreamed in history"... wow, powerful coming from the man who taught us the entire history of the world!
How'd he know I woke up today?
0:13 so he dreams that a giant house falls on him along with 3 smaller houses?
Love the new song, thanks Bill o7
HELLO ARE YOU STILL IN A DREAM
Wonderful song!
Incredible to see you again. 10/10 song.
30k in 11minutes. I see the world has good taste 👍
THE KING IS BACK
He is finally back
thanks for posting again bill to remind us that you arent dead also the song is bussin
I feel like this is what we would see if there was a machine that let you see into someones mind in the future
hes gonna be gone after this video I know it (btw I'm here before 1M views)
@Dream
He came back when we needed him most
Welcome back Bill! Well done on your new song!
"You got to believe in freedom Be free to believe the thing you dream" God damn you Bill, that hits hard, but I will
Hello legend :)
:000 the king is back
A new song from bill is a dream
Hi hi hello hello there are your name is available on the link for your interview at your office at your place on your name and I can send it in your mailbox thanks for the info I will call back in the morning bye to chat bye love bye hi hi guys hi bye hi boo bye hi bye hello hi bye bye hello hi hello 👋 bye 👋 yea I can get your name back bye ✌️ hello 👋 yea I will see it in your hands 🙌 I hope 🤞 has an answer on what’s going on here I’m just going for a walk bye bye hello hi bye bye hi bye hello hi hi hello hello hi hello yea hi bye bye hello 👋 hi bye hi hi bye bye 👋 hello hello bye hi bye hello 👋 I hope your name was good I love it all I know is your father name hello hello bye hello hello there bye bye and yea hello hello bye hello hi hello bye hello boo hello hello boo hi hi bye hello hello guy hi hello hello bye hello hello 👋 hi hi hiccup’s yea yea bye ✌️ sorry bye hello hello bye hello boo hello hello bye hi bye hello hi hi hello hello bye 👋 hello hello eyr hi hello hi hi bye hello hello bye thello hello hello bye to yo yo boo hello hello boo hello bye hi bye hello hello bye hello boo hello hello boo hi hi bye hello hello bye hello boo hello hi hi hello hi I hope your name was good I was in a good place to see your name and your number I will be here in the morning hello bye hello hello dough a bread and a drink with me the other one is here bye bye hi hi hello 👋 bye hi bye bye hello hello 👋 hi hello hi hi bye hello 👋 hi hello hi hi hello hello hi 👋 hello hello bye hi hi bye hello 👋 bye hi bye bye hello hello 👋 iggy huuy hello hi hello bye 👋 hi hi bye hello hello 👋 hi hello hi hi bye hello hello 👋 hi hello hello hi hi bye hello hello 👋 yea yea bye hello hello hi hello bye hi 👋 hi 👋 yea bye hello hi hi bye hello 👋 bye hi bye bye hi hello hello 👋 bye hi bye bye up bye bye hello hello bye 👋 hi 👋 bye hi hi
did....You dreamed of these things Yeah. It means that you did't sleep. And the moment you will wake up You'll look up to me And then it's up to you
Ooo new bill wurtz video
i thought he quit
yooooo
Fun fact: an eggplant is a fruit      You are a beautiful person!
Bill: "getting a good night's sleep"  Me watching this at 3 am: 👁👄👁
Imagine commenting
Imagine how it feels dreaming about this song
Missed you, dad
*wait an upload*
I thought you were dead ngl
HOLY SH- HE’S BACK!
today I also woke up
thank you for waking me up bill
This is for the algorithm.
@film theory
HOLY SHIT
Omg wow
Whoa I’m so early
Wonderful that bill returned, but I'm still waiting for the return of triangle man
... but he came back!
HE DID THE THING GUYS HE DID THE THING
wow
You made my life. I adore you
wow i've never been this early before, what an absolute banger
🥳🥳🥳
I was listening to his music like yesterday, perfect timing dude
E
This guys videos are very entertaining.
Nostalgic even though this is 11 minutes old.. Hmm
thank you
Oh my GOD
This woke me up 🌞
You did it you SOB
Snake eater
Mr. Wurtz, Thankyou for making me smile. I needed it.
I really like this video. I also enjoyed the song, especially the unique lyrics
The return of the king
the return of a legend
GOD RETURNED TO EARTH
These songs are absolute bangers each and every time
A Dream come true
Hey, Billiam, may you make another documentary?
"slept through every season"  I dunno kinda sounds like depression to me
HE’S BACK!
When we needed him the most he back
Bill Wurtz is an unstoppable force of nature
bill, you will never understand how much your music means to me <3
It's been so long...
Bill Wurtz is a MASTER of musical typography and I'm so here for it
This was great.
Bill Wurtz III: Return of the King
Welcome back king
FINALLY
This song is a dream
Nice
:)
genuinely screeched, love your content man hehe
Every time he uploads my day gets 100% better
Noice!
yoo
was this written by paul simon's autocomplete function
:0 sheeesh
i'm in a dream
Beautiful thank you bill
=0
One of his biggest videos in history
Alright, time to flip to a random page in my dream journal and write it down here for everyone.  I was in high school (I think, maybe college) and I was in a hotel. I liked some guy so I wrote him a letter, but when I was about to give it to him, he said he didn’t like me. I was like “Oh alright.” and it was fine. Also Jesse the Arc Trooper was there in his armor just chillin.
The King has returned.
what the hell i was literally thinking about you a couple of minutes ago and then this pops up
AY YOUR BACK HOPE YOUR DOIBG AMAZING!
the return of the king
your work inspires dreams! Loving the optimism in this, and thankful to take in another surreal audiovisual masterpiece from you. We love you Bill!
bill: uploads  everyone: The return of The King
crazy how much is possible with powerpoint
After 10 mins almost 30k views  You don’t see that everyday
bill wurtz saves the day once again!
More than a dream: Bill Wurtz uploads another legendary video
He's alive! We just need salmonella academy to come back!!
OML NEW SONG! POG
Bill looks healthier than he does in his videos from before his break. I'm happy for him!
Thank you for waking up, today. I really appreciate the upload and the song c:
aw
This guy is definitely gonna be remembered as one of the great artists of his time
CJIJF X  OK JASU WE HNIORKFKCKXKXKXZK
Thank you, Bill. And on Spooky Month!
His voice is just very hypnotic and charming
The Return of the king
Ayyyyy Boppers
Am I the only one who thinks Bill Wurtz's songs convey some kind of story? Like all the random lyrics and awesome graphics and fire music, all conveys a plot.
Return of the king
just saying if you ever do a VR concert or something Bill, I would so pay to view it!
He still uploads *crys a single tear*
Bill Wurtz: The only guy who may surprise you with a song or the entire history of something I guess.
He returns
here i am, the 4805 comment, the 12 689 like and the 28 407 view, praise the king
3:18 owo
This !SLAPS!
Can you feel when people are thinking about you??? Wtf
King
If aliens ever show themselfs and ask what earths best thing is we need to show this channel
King
BILL BILL BILL BILL WURTZ THE SCIENCE GUY
Wake up babe new bill music video
Ahh I really enjoy how you combine the 2D and 3D in the vids, ofc the music's very neat too but damn so satisfying :D
hi bill
I think Bill needs to add VR music video composition to his repertoire, and then completely blow everyone's mind yet again.  I can't imagine putting a VR headset on and witnessing what this man could dream.
awesome as always
I needed this. Thank you 💜
Hello god.
thanks
i dont want it to ever stop
He’s a legend, he’s an icon, and he is the moment.
You are like a positive Bo Burnham
i've slipped into chaos
Every video he makes is a hit
this man has never made a song that doesn't slap
Strait banger
bagel
listening to this while it’s pouring rain. would recommend this to any internet user
How is this nonsense yet deep at the same time?
comenting to raize this up in the algorithm
I got called a dreamer in high school
Can we just take a minute to appreciate how much effort this dude has put into everything he has made in the past 8 years, Thank you Bill for the disappointment free entertainment and constant existential crises.
comenting to raize this up in the algorithm
Something about this man is just magical
Goger he’s back
This song is a perfect loop!!
For some reason this video feels like a dream
this is the type of music that makes me wanna do things. that's the only way i can describe it
this is a bop
comenting to raize this up in the algorithm
I don't understand anything but I understand everything
you play a dangerous having "dream" in your title and green and blue in your thumbnail, mr wurtz...
Exactly what I needed today
He’s back!
comenting to raize this up in the algorithm
we all know that we'll be back in some years, don't we?
this is... weirdly inspirational  not completely sure HOW, but there's inspiration in here
Big Jammer
2:35 CORPSE??
10 minute ago ha
HE CAME BACK THIS IS SO GOOD
Senpai you have returned
Omg sorta relate  K so I did a lucid dreaming type of thing and as a result I thought my dream was a real memory  And I had a dream my sister told me 'tonight's daylight savings, 1 hour extra sleep'  Take a guess if my college believed me when that's what I told them why I was late
Wow dreams about dreams about those dreams about dreams. Interesting.
This got meta
day immediately great, thank you mr wurtz
wow, damien maymdien went 3d
I felt like I kinda understood what he was talking about but then he kept going and I lost it entirely, good video!
Another banger as always!
HE HAS RETURNED :D
i dreamed of my childhood home on a sunny spring morning and 6 minutes later bill posted this video
Dang, 10 minutes ago, I'm early
YESSSSS
Welcome to the most wholesome comment section on YouTube!
Understandable, have a nice day.
SQUEEEEEEEEEEE!
Yoooooooo! The king of memes and music is back baby!
I have not idea what is he singing about, but the music is cool.
I needed this today
Hey can you do another history of the world? It has been so long since and there has happened so much.
I can’t remember anything about this song, but I know it sounds nice and turns off my brain.
He be BACK!
You always upload just as I forget about you
ooowowowo
good morning!
:D
I was binge-ing his old stuff when BAM new bill wurtz vid! you are so cool
I like that Bill's videos are a quick way to feel every emotion ever.
The true legend
babe wake up new bill wurtz vid
Dude you're still around. So good to see you again man.
Welcome back bro 😎
Oh goodness what a delightful surprise!! Welcome back and thanks for this! It's awesome!
5,000 comments in 10 minutes. Unreal.
i am so glad to see this upload! -burger40
I can’t wait until I unlock the intelligence level to understand the meaning of these videos.
it is indeed more than a dream
“I had a dream, in that dream the walls were melting and I believed that we could all be free one day.” - Martin Luther King Jr. after watching a Bill Wurtz video.
this video is woke
Welcome back, Bill
THE KING IS BACK! LONG LIVE THE KING!!!!
This might be the fastest I've ever clicked on a new video. Always makes my day better to see a new song!
Bill Wurtz, making awesome videos for 8 years straight
Bill!!!
Astounding editing and music as per usual! I especially love that glitch effect and the segments where the words seperate apart into infinity
not sure I know what bill is getting at but i like it
I hope things are as they seem because it seems like we got some Bill Wurtz content
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXNfxK5Q2Qg&ab_channel=AndrewChepry
Absolute bops like always
god has returned
Thank you!
Ah so the blue moon appeared today! :D
HE'S NOT DEAD HOLY SHIT
Not only was this an incredibly enjoyable surprise, but it's a FULL LENGTH incredibly enjoyable surprise! I must've felt a disturbance in the force this morning, because the phrase "It's TIME for WoRLd WaR OnE!" just randomly popped into my brain. Great to hear and see your art again, man!
I'm gonna call it, he's gonna start animating in the 4th dimension in the next video
Whoa
Get your "stfu Yashuop" ticket right here!
Watching him dance around is adorable.
yoooooooooooooooooo bill wurtz uploads another bop :D
What a great birthday
literally revolutionary
I swear, every time I think “man, Bill hasn’t uploaded in a while,” he uploads the next day
Me when the when me the bill wurtz uploads a new video
THE KING IS BACK
Welcome
Good to see you back. Always a vibe
Oh no minecraft-
wow!
Return of the king
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
like if you’re here before 1m views
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Certified Hood Classic
This got uploaded the minute I was feeling down.  Worth the wait.
And just like that my day got better
I love that your songs are the musical equivalent of abstract art
My man is back                I’m still a piece of GARBAGE!
What a song, love the 3d affects as well
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Thanks for the birthday present, Bill Wurtz!!! I love it!
Claim your here within 30 min ticket
Chaotic uploads make me appreciate his moving images with music even more
Definitely the most inspirational bill wurtz song
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
YES
High school be like: 1:28
the king has returned once again
It's been so long and I am not disappointed
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
I needed this today
This is an another dimension!
The Return of the King
HE TOOK A FEW MONTHS BUT THE KING REIGNS AGAIN
Man can even make songs about dreams You never fail to amaze me
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Always excited to watch bills things
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
yo
Now i just need Sam O”nella back and im complete
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
What a wonderful afternoon surprise
Even if the video doesn’t make much sense, your beautiful voice made me actually cry 😭 ❤️
YESSSSS always love a new song from bill
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
That was an interesting dream...
wait until he gets fever dream
Yesss ur back
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Okay, I was thinking of Bill at work today and now he uploads out of the blue. I've heard of the algorithm listening, but I didn't know it was fucking telling other people about me
I could barely contain my joy when I saw a new song from Bill! Thanks for always dreaming about what dreams can be. 💖
This man’s video editing is incredible
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Seems like he dreamed up his YouTube password.
Imagine humanity ends and this is the only evidence of our existence.
WELCOME BACK!!!
Bill wurtz has uploaded a video, this attracts verified people and allows us to see these mystical creatures in their natural state: begging for attention.
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Aspettavo questo momento da anni
LOVE THIS
I'm continually amazed at this man's ability to captivate an audience by saying essentially nothing. It's another level of genius and I love it.
1:29 me joining a new fandom
cool.
This song is a very good dream
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
Wow I’ve never been this early to a bill wurtz upload
I always get excited seeing a notification for bill wurtz.  One day its gonna be another history of video and I'm gonna lose my shit.
I hope he doesn't vanish for another 5 months
good song, but question  how did you learn 3d graphics? Im struggling with it and even though I love doing it I just can’t seem to learn how to
nice one bill <3
Another classic
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
He’s getting better at editing
Glad to see you're back !! Yeee
You posting a video is more than a dream
Idk why but his vocal in here has Theo Katzman's singing vibe
That is the most swag stickman i've ever seen
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
I was just thinking about Bill Wurtz
nice
HOLY SHIT HES BACK
Actually now that I think about it Bill Wurtz's music videos feel a lot like dreams, especially their lyrical progression and visuals
Ayyyy
*sniff sniff* smell that? dream stans incoming.
Wow, that was quite good
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
The King of YouTube has returned
По зову сердца
Absolutely beautiful bridge in this one.
its a fever dream
pogger
Welcome back 👑
Dis slaps ngl
Nice.
he's back
Like the terminator we knew he was coming back but just didnt know when
i love this guy
how
I liked before I watched it
3:18 did Bill just...OwO?
OMG
Not first
hey Bill, i woke up today too! we have so much in common
This like to dislike ratio is INSANE
This video was uploaded 7 minutes ago, and it has 23,075 views and 4,492 comments. We all love bill wurtz!
“Oh it’s yourself.”
first
When everyone needed him, he came back.
We love you Bill
Finally he uploaded
YES
God damn it bill the entendres in this song is fucked up
I feel like I'm on a acid trip every time I watch
your like technoblade.      You're one of the best but you have no upload schedule.
I'm happy now.
1. what 2. amazing
Yeayea
I love you
:D
I hate it when I wake up inside a minecraft youtuber
same thing happened to me i couldnt wake up
That thumbnail is pretty gay I can't lie
Here before 25k view
had to click this vid immediately
the legend is back
i literally had the weirdest dreams last night too
Welcome back dude!! I love the way your music vibes
Pog wurtz
24k views in 8 minutes
TODAY HE WOKE UP
"today i woke up."  - Bill
welcome back we missed you :))
that moment when bill wurtz returns:
tfw an entire song is just a play on a few words. Damn, Bill. lolz
* " Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here " *
Today I woke up, checked my notifs and saw that 8 minutes ago bill wurtz uplaoded a song! Yayayayayayayayayayayayyyayya
Christmas has come early gang
Bill, never stop making amazing shit. The world needs you.
Eyyy love this
Still waiting for Traingle Boy: The Movie...
Welcome back king, we missed you.
THE ANIMATION AND HIS MUSIC. IT IMPROVES SOOOO MUCH
bill’s music just makes me so happy-
Good morning Bill!
absolute banger.
I’m just going to type a comment because I’m not creative but I want internet points and this brand new video from this popular channel exist
The legend is back <3
Lyrics make no sense yet all the sense and remind me of colored spaghetti at a 7 year olds half birthday party
OMG!
Welcome back the king of music and history and memes
We believed in the dream and now he's back!!
YAY HE'S BACK
As soon as I saw your recent video you uploaded-
Bruh 7 minutes ago???
It's now a good day.
OHOOOO WELCOME BACK! BRAZIL MISS YOU!
H i
bill has blessed us
This is a dream come true
The master of "bangers with nonsense lyrics" has returned
YEEES!!1!!
KING
the return of the king
The legend.
" Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here "
Haven’t heard from you in a while. Nice to see you again
i love his true[sic]
4D animation when
yeay another one
i like how his style didn’t change for 4+ years while i change my profile picture every day
Y E S
ayo bill got a background now he isn’t just in his room
WE NEED U TO POST FREQUENTY KAY??
See you 9 months!
" *Claim your here before 1 million views ticket here* "
HE'S BACK!
This is gonna be in history books
yea!
Legend
Another amazing video
3D Bill is best Bill
oh no he's becoming a dream stan
Creates some random shiet and leaves😂
Your music is always infused with a nice atmosphere. It's great.
This is one of the best
bill did a vid yayyy
Make a concert man.
My dream is to wake up every day to a new Bill Wurtz video!
When someone asks if I like jazz your music is what I think of
yes
Always cheering us up!
If ADHD was a person, it would be Bill Wurtz
WOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
omggggggg
wat
Long live the King
s47nvi #von.ong
locomotive
The perfect love song doesn’t exi—
needed this while I got ready for work 💜
YOU ARE BACK I MISSED YOUUUU 💖💖💖💖
Uplifting music!
I will never be first but I'll always be here.
Epic hoink moment
When you are early and you need to think abt something cool to write cz this video is going to be *SO popular* .
every one drop everything, bill posted something :00
Bill back with another banger.
Ohhh that´s just the best present for this day. Thanks a lot.
halluuuuu
he’s back ⁉️😲🙀
The legend…is backk!!
I haven't had a dream I remembered in a long time. I must be living in a nightmare.
Hell yeah dude
BILL WURTZ AAAAAAAG
this song is so nice
It’s him! He’s back!
4K comments within 7 minutes. Bill really unites us all, doesn’t he?
Do you have a gray screen instead of a green screen, and if so how does it work?
Brilliant
HE PROTEC HE ATTACC BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY *HE'S BACC*
you know the day is blessed when bill wurtz uploads a new video
Today he woke up
I knew I had notifications on for a reason
airpods pro show head tracking spatial audio for this song
mlk's production value really blew up huh
bill wurtz isn’t a person he’s an entire genre
The King Is Back
lets go
I LOVE YOU !!!
Bill’s back to drop another fucking banger song let’s gooooo
DAD YOU'RE BACK
I wanna do stuff with my life that I've never had the confidence to do before. Feels like this song is telling me to go for it. <3
Okey
HE UPLOADED, LESS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The return of the king
This might be the ONLY video that I watched till the end of it without reading the comments...
Anyone else relate to this on an absurd level?!?
Welcome back!!!!!!
Please bring back short <1-min shitposting and “history of x I guess” videos
I feel like he made most of his songs from fever dreams, this is just him confirming that.
👍
Bill Wurtz is the physical manifestation of shower thoughts.
Return of the king
this sounds like how sparkling water tastes
today i woke up
The return of the king
Mf appears after 5 months and makes everyone vibe
LETSGOOO
I love how the video has just been uploaded and there's already about 4,000 comments.
Bill's 3D animation skills never cease to impress, not to mention this BANGER of a song
I though miracles only happened in stories.
Here before trending
Made my day
why does this sound like a 90s infomercial low key
bill uploaded am I dreaming?
I got scared about another 2 year break there
Thank you
life is truly good now
King Is back
HE UPLOADED
Today is a good day man.
Glad to see you awake from your dream man! 😁
ITS BEEN 81 YEARS
He's here... Finally. God bless ya
I was listening to out of my league when this was posted
By far, this is the best production quality we've ever had in a Bill video. It was more than worth waiting for it
OMG OMG
i like it
damn bill, new song and it didn't take you a year this time 👍
7 minutes and already 3 million views… wow.
bill wurtz its my favourite artist
7 mins ago.
This is so catchy it's insane
hi
today he woke up
babe wake up new bill wurtz just dropped
He's back yayyyyyy  It's been 7 minutes :3
He's back!!!!
He ''dies'' so many times, but it is alright when he posts music of this level of quality!
i was here!
The legend is bacccc
Ah yes, existential crisis, my favourite genre of music
this is so groovy, what a banger!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i'm so happy that bill seems so happy!
The God of Youtube has returned
Man this is a bop!
Omg I love bill wurtz, this is such a cute song 😁☂️❤️
"sorry i haven't uploaded in a while guys, I was teaching myself how to animate awesomely"
On the topic of dreams I’m pretty when Bill uploaded we all felt like we were dreaming
History about the entire world ig v2 when? /j
The stickmen are thicc now.
Love you Bill!
It’s good to hear you woke up, bill
today i woke up with a new bill wurtz song
early gang
When the world needs Bill Wurtz most, he always comes back.
He is the messiah
He's back!!
Never change, Bill
What did humanity do to deserve this gift
*WILL BURTZ*
:) yay (:
The chosen one has come
can't wait for bill to go away for 6 months again :(
"today i woke up"
Yes!
Nice another videi
lovely
I love how he actually puts effort into his videos more than some vloggers do
the king has returneddddd!
ngl this was really inspiring and motivating, just a great message and so flippin' FUNKY
Return of the king <3
So many happy things today, this was a really wonderful addition to an already amazing day! Thank you!!
Today was the best day I've had in ages.  Going back to work after five months of being out from a car crash in May.  The weather is perfect.  Chipotle gave me extra cheese for free.  And just when I think it couldn't get any better, I get the notification for this.  More than a dream, indeed.
3D was a pleasant surprise
dream from amongus?
1:47 incredible i’m obsessed thank you king
yes
bruh same
“The return of the King”
so gay
The man with the plan The host with the most Presnting  *drumrolls BILL HURTS!!!
thanks bill, this warmed my heart in this difficult time <3 much love ;)
can’t believe bill wurtz made a full song about how technoblade is more than dream
It's the signal guys, begin to dream !
What a wonderful day to upload this on!
hell yeah
I actually really needed this today. Thanks Bill!
im a simple man... i see bill wurtz upload i click
Here within an hour
Well this one is certainly a very delightful kind of notification to receive!
Today is a good day.
Bill uploading is like new years, rare and very exiting for what's coming next
incredible
Things aren’t so bad after all. Thanks, Bill.
Dammit wurtz right before I started being productive you have to drop this??
bill wurtz upload notification
Always good to hear from you
HES BAAAACK
honey wake up bill wurtz just uploaded
The welcome back attack
I was just reading about lucid dreaming
babe new bill wurtz vid 😀
This is the best thing that happened to me today
claim you before 1 million views ticket here
Holy Wurtz, it's Bill.
He's back...
whoa cool today i actually had a day dream about falling asleep, usually i dream of waking up
yes finally another banger from our savior
Return of the king
WOOOOOOOOO
I love it
Waiting for these songs to be on Spotify
The man himself is back!
Nice
This man is the king of key changes
When the world needed him most, he came back.
Normal people: Dreaming in sleep Bill: Sleeping in dream..
i wish i would make another "entire history of ______ i guess" video.
A dose of wurtz .. keeps me going
WELCOME BACK KING
It was... a lucid dream
Awesome
Hi
2:40 - 2:50 I'll be dreaming about that tonight
This is exactly what I needed, couldn't ask for more
2:58 Google maps be like
the man’s back
Whoever's birthday it is thank you
I need SootHouse back :(
Made my day :')
Ah yes. Music
Today is a good day after all :)
The hero makes his return once again!
He is backkkk
Yes
Ah yes, I woke up in a *Minecraft player*        Sry for that X)
When can we see this preformed live
yes
OMG HE LITERALLY MADE A SONG ABOUT DREAM OMG I LOVE YOU DREAM OMG OMG                          You fell for it  Im not actually that stupid to say that this masterpiece of a song was about dream lol
More than a dream: bill posting another video
yoooo its bill wurtz
Honey wake up new bill wurtz video came out
bill is back :D
“Today I woke up” oh ok seems normal “in a dream” *hol’ up*
why do all Bill's music videos always looked like an AI auto-generated them.
Return of a King
By the Gods! He has returned!
When the world needed him most he returned
Holy shit its time stay calm
Was just jonesing for some Wurtzian harmonization
If I was high, this wouldn't make any more sense than it does while I'm sober.
A gift from god
Welcome back again.. again.. again again.. it goes on but yeah.
Hes back
Good night
The best thing about Bill's music is that my brain just goes to relax while listening to sick beats.
thats what bill wurtz is (not cringe) thats what the point of the bill wurtz is (not being as cringe as dream)
TWO verified youtubers commented on a single video in 3 minutes this is history
c!george
OH MY LORD!!!!!
Am I dreaming? He's back?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES
I like this song. It has a great sound.
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaghgghh
*FROM HIS SLUMBER HE WAKENS, welcome back bill*
I still watch your history of the world video
yOYOYOYOYoYo
This has is a Dream since you uploaded
Omg this guy uploaded my day is made
The return of the king  Again
YES, YOURE FINALLY BACK :)
when we needed him most he came back with his voice of the angle
Woah
Beautiful song as always
I have been waiting for you sensei
You should make an album including these new ones called the “Swirling Randoms”
man that high note on "DREAMS CAN BE"  really does it for me
Thank you, Bill. Hope you're doing good.
It sure is. It's perfection
*Pog
I think receiving a notification from Bill Wurtz is the more pleasant and unexpected thing that could happen in my day.
Bill Wurtz using Blender is the best thing ever
BILL OMG HE'S BACK
You know it is a good day when Bill Wurtz Uploads
hes back
He's back lets go
1:51-2:02 sounded SO GOOD, and the pink square scooting alone the line was MADE FOR THAT SOUND
History of england next
The fun Bill has while making his videos is evident and infectious
Intresting
Oh, hello again, Bill. Nice to see you.
Heyy im early to what might be a classic in the next few years
The return of the king
Bill Wurtz coming back is probably the best thing to ever happen in the decade so far
Bill is back and this is GLORIOUS!
New music wohoo!
Dream
*When there's 3.9k comments but it was uploaded 5 minutes ago*
I'm so happy you uploaded! Welcome back, we missed you! <3
Great song and love the animation
bless this man and all of his content
We do not deserve this perfection.
Return of the king
'yersterday things were complete' no, it was when you uploaded this, bill
twas having a bad day till this
Man tbh I thought you are gone forever but your BACK! Im happy. This is soo good actually. I would like tho if you made more history videos those where the best. But don't get me wrong. This is really good!
When bill wakes up with a dream and thinks... "Hmm... *I'm gonna write a song about this* "
Oooooooooo
Honey wake up, new Bill Wurtz video.
0:23 So we know he's not talking about maths
💙💙❤️💙❤️💙💙❤️💙❤️💙💙
Well... This was unexpected...  Classic Bill, now I'll have this song in my head during all my class time tomorrow xD
had to escape my calculus class to see this, thank you!
hi
Yayy
I love every video you make So I'm only asking, could you make another history of [blank] video?
Thank you, Bill. Your music makes my life something better. Love from Brazil <3
bill bill bill
Woooooooooooooo I was here 5 mins ago
HE IS BACK (again) :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
This is a gift from God himself
LESSSGOOOOOOOOO
This is better than anything I could've dreamed of
Our boy just keeps getting better and better
OMG ITS BEEN SO LONG I MISSED YOU AND YOURE MUSIC 🕺🏻
+1 to the bangers playlist
Mark the EPIC return!!!!!!!!!!
i thought i woke up in a dream when i saw this in my subscription feed
I believe in the dream.
It's a good day when Bill uploads
WOOO
Magnificent
Eeeee
My friend just sent this to me
HE UPLOADED
"What drugs are you on?" "Bill Wurtz"
i love how he stands in front of a green screen but doesn't key it out
This hits harder then most his other songs for some reason.
HES BACK
He’s back
Woo
Awesome dreamy song here.
absolutely poggers video mr. wurtz
Oh cool a bill wurts upload
This is the music I listen too when I tell my friend my music taste is complicated
Bill blessing us with new content yasss 😩
I never clicked a YouTube notif as fast as I did this one
This is inspiring
“You got to believe in the dream” My dreams: flying cow escapes Disney on Mars
The coincidence is that I was writing a story about a dream right now...huh
Wake up babe new bill wurtz song just dropped
Today is officially a good day, thank you bill
YESSSS
Thank you bill
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
0:33 borderline forever refrence?
All of the ingredients in the dream
i love you man :( <333
Today he woke up 0o0
Leaving the studio? (2:00)
babe wake up new Bill Wurtz upload
*minecraft teletubbie joke*
A man once said, "dare to dream," so dream i shall
Today I woke up in a dream: bill wurtz had uploaded a video
I love your songs, I don’t know if you call them songs or not but I love them 😁
DreAaMmeD a DreaAam
Welp, time to overanalyze.
I think I’m gonna have a dream about this…
Drops a new song Refuses to elaborate further Leaves
We are all awake in Bill's dream.
Yoooo
When the world needed him the most,                                    *He returned*
Day always gets better when bill uploads a new vid
I got kicked out the toilet while watching this video. That shows how good Bill is entertaining me
How do you manage to make a beautiful song with creative animation every time you upload something?
i dreamed that bill wurtz would release a song about dreams and my dream came true
My mood has significantly increased, I thank thee
I actually said “wow” after I saw this! Holy fuck
Yes. My dream came true 😍
Bill is now in 3D!
these songs be making me confident and supportive but at the same time they are an abstract mishmash of random stuff and I absolutely love it.
HES BACK BABY
NIIIIIICCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE BILL. Bill? Who is Bill? Is it Bill or not?
2:35 that _is_ a dream of mine
He’s back again!
🤗
Cant stop shaking my head listing to this
Was just thinking about you and then BAM! Here you are with another great video.
This is perfect
most intense thing I've heard today 🧡
He did upload?
Very nice, Bill
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
the fact that it starts AND ends with "today i woke up" makes it feel so whole, i love it!
Yeah, today I woke up too(
“Where were you when bill wurtz posted new song” I was sitting on toilet, looking at meme I get notification “Bill Wurtz posted new video” “yes”
Its a good night when bill posts
No you're more than a dream Bill
dream
Inject this directly into my bloodstream
man...
17k views in 5 minutes wow
When the world needed him, he returned...
More than a dream
This sounds like my dreams, both lyrically and musically
LET’S GO BILL POSTED ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
yes a video
Verified channels on their way to comment some complete garbage and get thousands of likes
he do be gaming quite hard
This is delightful    thank you bill wurtz
A blessing a blessing from the lord
Well fellas, he’s returned once again.
Bill's voice is soo good
This is probably the closest thing we will ever get of bill saying  "owo"
thank u <3
epic
ooowowowo
The like to dislike ratio on this is exactly what it should be  (about 8000 to 7)
Dream
It's fine guys he just fell asleep for a few months
<3
Every time bill modulates i lose my mind.
What if it was all just a dream?
I love this music video!
Funniest part of this today on school, we were discussing dreams in the class with teacher.  And now this video right here talking about dreams, coincidence? I think not.
Just what I needed after school
he really did spend all his time learning blender
1:50 “Dreams make sense”  Ok so my dream of meeting Kim Jong-un on a bus ride to school makes sense good to know
I was having a tough day with depression today and then I was cured by this blessing
5 minutes ago... Damn
We are blessed
Well done, sir, and thank you <3
Bro he’s back at it
WAKE UP BABE NEW BILL WURTZ SONG
I feel like i am dreaming. A new video?
Was just thinking about you
What did we do to deserve a new Bill Wurtz video? Nothing, he's legendary
babe wake up new bill wurtz
The bass is funky, lyrics are fresh! Great vibe, Bill
haha
a new video is more than a dream
Next thing you know Bill will be makin in depth blender animations for his music
Thanks for the reminder to stick to my dream!
this speedrun is impossible how did he beat minecraft in 3 Minutes??!!!?! Dream explain
This song is absolutely amazing.
I’ll live by this quote
Some small divine recognition of our struggle, a gift.
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
woaaaaaaaaaaaaa hey
whao
Now that Bill Wurtz posted a video maybe Sam'Nella will post something, seeing as anything is possible.
All your songs are like a dream.
This appeared out of nowhere and I love it already! I wish these were my dreams...
S'byoudefol
And now my day is instantly better
Today I woke up, thought it was a dream, but NO IT WAS A BILL WURTZ VIDEO!!
Sadly I’m not creative, just think of something creative and answer to it. Let‘s make a random but creative comment threat.
Omg hes back
Me when my crush says she likes me back and I don't hear an alarm to wake me up
Return of the king
Hmm...
What have i done to deserve this gift?  Is bill wurtz the Penguin i saw in my dream last night?
damn new song 5 mins ago
Yes.
Absolute banger!
This was my dream
OMAGOSH HE POSTED AAAAA!!! :D
I'm glad I found this guy. His songs may be nonsensical and funny, but they often hold some cool meanings
If I play It cool I can hear you      -Bill wurtz 2021
I've been wating for this :)
bill uploaded! o.o
Pog
i've slipped into chaos
Bill Wurtz posting another video is really more that a dream
What a bop.
how am i early to a bill wurtz video
I LOVE YOU BILL
15k views in 4 minutes. It shouldn’t be a question why.
It's 4 am right now, my eyes shutting close from tiredness but suddenly I get this notification saying "bill wurtz posted a new video". My eyes lit up and a smile came to my face.
Tws
So inspirational 😭💕
There's nothing like the sigh of relief when you're stressing about midterms and bill wurtz puts out a new video🥰
YO
What's the wurtz that could happen?
This feels like a... dream. Glad you're back bill
I dont know what to say
Yay
Just got back from school, perfect timing.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
*Dancing intensifies*
HE FINALLY REMEMBERED HIS PASSWORD
You are back finnaly
Gotta love this guy
Let's goooo
OMG finally i cant wait for more, it allmost felt like the time skipped thou
my day has gotten better
Never seen anything make my day so much better.
new video lets gooo
Clicked faster than I've ever clicked in my life. Awesome, man.
Thank you for waking up to tell us of your dreams you've been dreaming of dreams!
I get a surge of inspiration everytime bill posts;)
wow that was amazing
A good one
What a gift😭😭💞💞💞
Good night Bill Wurtz
:)
I couldn't possibly vibe or relate to this song any more than I do. Epic Job man!
This video is more than a dream.
In before 50k views!
another one! thanks!
What in earth did i do to have thsi beautyful masterpiece here-    SRSLY THIS IS SO COOL, I MISSED YOU
I like how the house are green and white when he said dream 🤨
Banger
our king
Damn, this actually sounds coherent, but still has that Bill Wirtz style of chaos. Great song!
Legends never die.
This is just gorgeous
Just like always a masterpiece
Roblox rthro
Can someone please tell me how many times Bill said dream in this video
Hello Bill Wurztzt
This made my day, thanks Bill (:
"Today I woke up" Well said
The return of king
Still waiting for Traingle Boy: The Movie...
AM I DREAMING!!?
This man is legendary
Don't see that coming, not bad. It's catchy ass heck!
He’s back once again, with another banger song/video
I was literally just thinking how much I missed his stuff. Thanks Bill ❤️
Love the content you're producing. Thank you for the joy you provide.
>today I woke up  same
Perfect Timing~
You’re so expressive with your music. I felt at least 6 different emotional states
quite an amazing earlier gift of Christmas
Noice vid
Last night I had a dream that I went back in time and broke up with my ex earlier than I did in real life, it was surprisingly healing
today i woke up-
Bill Wurtz has uploaded. Day instantly made.
We love you Bill! ❤️✨
this was good
Man, I love dreaming
this song ¡slaps!
This one was really good
I'm not dreaming am I??
bill wurtz you god. i live for your videos
yayey
Seriously, Bill Wurtz uploading is more than a dream ✨
YES YES YES YES
2 minutes 12k views. And you deserve more
Waiting for Dream to comment
Comment.
:0 you’re back
Nice song Bill Wurtz
this is a dream
I listened to the whole thing… very deep lyrics, yet a very calm instrumental. This is why I love your content.
THE PRINCESS IS HERE HE’S HERE! THIS IS NOT A DRILL AND MY DAY JUST GOT WAY BETTER!!!
Arise, brothers and sisters, for He has woven a new cool song. Thought it was gonna to be the sleepy dreamy kind but it's actually the one you'd listen to at the beginning of a new day.
Dreamnotfound <3
omg hi King
Today was about to be dull but Bill Wurtz is here now!
hi Bill I love ya
YES.
Dang an early christmas gift.
Im dreaming if this is a bill wurtz upload
😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
Welcome king
i promise you Bill is actually in an alternate reality and sometimes dreams dreams that manifest as videos in this world.
He back
He’s back Bois
Bravo, Absolutely Bravo,  a jam from start to finish
what a jam
LETS FREAKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YOOOOO
Omg it felt like it was 9 minutes. But in a good way
“Today I woke up-” video cuts off
1:01 is accurate ngl
MORE THAN A DREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it just keeps getting better and better
Dream stans be like 3:19
the man is back
ALIVEE
Important, unexpected, wonderful, thank
That was an absolute bop that I will be forcing my husband to listen to when he gets off work
The king is back
Why is this better than music that is coming out these days
LETS GO BILL!
Always amazing, no surprise
This must be a dream
Just the thought about Bill uploading videos is a dream
that was good
yayayayayyayyyy
This video is my dream and i dont wanna wake up
Guess this means I should go back to bed
So it isn’t a *dream* that he has posted a video?
bill wurtz never ceases to put a genuine smile on my face.
It's absolutely beautiful 😍
every new bill wurtz song comes at exactly the right time in my life
ok
Amazing as always!!! Love your music, keep the crazy experimental stuff going!!!
Let’s go Brandon
Another day, another bop.
Lowkey made me emotional
I love this so much
I kind of feel bad for him waking up
And here i was thinking my day couldnt get any better :)
This is a dream come true
Today I took a nap
A masterpiece
The Return of the King.
Am I dreaming right now? A bill wurtz upload? On a Tuesday?
This is a Certified Hood Classic.
Today is a good day. The man himself uploaded
Did bill wurtz just owo
Words can’t describe how much I needed this right now. It’s already a no bones day
This song nearly put me to sleep
Quite a while between uploads but it's always worth the wait!!
Thank you for waking up, Bill :)
BILLL!! :DD
Today I woke up too
HE IS HERE
bill wurtz’s music makes no sense but yet it does at the same time and i love it
niCE
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Today I was about to learn how to lucid dream. I feel like someone is spying me.
I'm glad he woke up
This is cool. Thanks for sharing!
omg!!!
3:18 bill wurtz is a furry confirmed ☹️☹️
howdy
me when dream:
Another banger. Well done, Bill.
I got the notification and immediately tapped on it, all your stuff is pure gold :D
His lyrics are so random and yet so meaningful at the same time...  It's almost like his lyrics are encrypted and only few people can ever hope to fully understand them.
wow
ayooo new upload
Amazing as usual
Tomorrow is my birthday, what a nice gift.
I dreamed bill would upload a video, and wow was it more than a dream.
i’m starting to think it’s more than a dream
YEEESSSSS
"owo" -Bill Wurtz
today he woke up
Thank you so much
WAKE UP NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEO
Just got home from a bad school day and this is a nice reward
he really just said 'owo' there
These are really good but kinda weird in a good way its weird
Eyy a other great song from bill
mhmmmm
Thank you! I needed this today <3
she may have left me, but i’ll always have bill’s music and videos
W O W
My soul just really needs him and Jacob collier to do a song or something together
the lil dance at 1:21 is EVERYTHING
woke up today
The return of the king
YESSSS
"everyone's screaming at me, what does this mean?" This means that you should upload everyday
The Legend is Back!  *volume ll*
Have you ever had a dreams where, when, where you, where, and you, and, where you so much you could do anything?
Made my day
Omg..he posted!
A BILL WURTZ VIDEO NO WAY
new bill wurtz song? Today is a good day
Wait this unironically slaps omg woahhhhhh
Dream stans: "Well this is my type o' vibe"
Yo this is faster than drem
Yesss I missed you.
We Finally Needed This
Man , I missed Bill
I swear these come out when I’m at my lowest you have no idea how much this means to me and most definitely other people. Thank you Mr. Wurtz
Thank you Bill
He back
Omg it's been a long since he uploaded
þis song is pretty dreamy
Good video. Monke like.
Y'all have no clue how badly I needed this exact song today.
OMg iM eaRlY wOwwW aA
Bill I won't scream because I don't have a better way
Seeing the notification I stopped everything I was doing to watch this
5 million congrat
A new bill wurtz video! That's a DREAM come true!
true(sic) 🎶 I like it ❤️
"Believe in everything you dream" I mean I should believe that a dragon gets killed by Shrek with Gordon's Freemans Crowbar?
He's been back for a long time, stop saying "he's finally back"
tru[sic]
Very noice
He’s back
TELL EVERYONE THAT THE KING HAS RETURNED
Well Hello There
🙂
Yaaaa you finally uploaded
dreamed of this
Yesterday I dreamed about me hearing and dancing a funky song. I dont remember the song but this is funky enough
Hello king
I’m amazed that you manage to produce banger after banger, not a single song falls short in either vision or execution and it’s baffling. Good job on this masterpiece and I look forward to the next one.
Thanks for existing on the same planet as ours
He has risen!
You can make a religion out of this
No, the sun is a deadly lazer
Definitely my favorite one so far
*And when the world needed him the most... He appeared*
I was feeling kinda crap today but this has made me feel a little better, thanks Bill.
All of my days are the same though 😃
"Remember, dreams can be much better" -bill wurtz A new quote was created
dude i was just thinking about you and what do i see
Just before I do my homework the man uploaded.
Woah the animation seems to get better every video, bravo!
YOOOO
He literally dropped this right when I'm anxious and trying to sleep  Fookin blessing outta the blue
I've missed his amazing crazy music so much
Dreaming about dreams that dream about dreams dreaming about you dreaming about dreams.
When the world needed him the most, he came back.
i missed this feeling of just bill wurtz
Dear Bill, As much as we love your amazing music, we would also like some more history videos, please.  Sincerely.
bill wurtz = a gift to humanity
5 months?! Wow
this man is single handedly building a genre
Funky fresh
smello bill :-)
this is the best thing i’ve ever seen in my entire life
He’s back!! I’m so happy
YES
Yes
The legend is back!
But today was a no bones day. Yet we got Bill Wurtz.
LEZGOOOOOOOOOOO
This song slaps ngl
1 views 460 likes 2 comments YouTube perfect as usual
The man who can make anything sound good is back
Another great song from a great man
There’s already 50k comment wtf
Oh wait a new video i did not realize that he did some videos
Dreaming is pretty dope to be honest
This says a lot about society right here.
I could vibe with literally any Bill Wurtz song
A gift waiting for 5 months
Its amazing how all of this is accomplished with simple text and shapes mostly.
this song is more than a dream
Bill being back is my favorite thing
Welcome back comrade
I see you learned 3D modeling. Nicely done
I will appreciate this guy effort in his video and respect him for that as well
The king returns!
Bill Wurtz you are a King
this man will get a Grammy one day. Mark my words
HES BACK BOIS
This is so good I love the animation and the vocals and lyrics and instrumental
Everybody comes together when bill uploads
Nice to see you again
man
Omg hes back
This man wakes up and makes bop after bop after bop
Dream chain
every bill wurtz song is like being high. but like... in a good way. a jazz way
You say this but last night I dreamt that I was cleaning my bathroom, that I just cleaned yesterday.
Hey your back nice
if the best dreams can be real again then why am i still a stupid idiot
So... Can we get a historical song about King Henry viii? Basically the play the six but the bill wurtz remix
Good to see you again king
Fucking awesomw
yay
Respectfully, dream stans (especially dnf stans) don't say anything about the thumbnail or title pls. thanks
bill wurtz: *uploads* everyone: a blessing from the Lord
Heeeeeeeey
I dreamed bill wurtz would post again, guess the best dreams really do happen more than once
Yes
Billwurtz and Peterknetter look alike
love you :)
Wait..... you are A LIVE!!!!
ahhhh forget english class, bill wurtz is priority
I swear, in a few 100 years schools are gonna try and get a deep meaning behind this. 😆😅
This is a certified hood classic.
banger 🔥
He's alive
Holy moly this is the best birthday ever, this song made my day so much better :D
yo
“Dreams make sense”  Me who dreamt of a purple monster taking me home from school when I was a kid:
Really vibing with that funky little 3d dude and their lil hat.
This saved my day
Wtf, the video was posted 2 min ago and it has already 3172 comments!
This kinda sounds like those old “reading rainbow” videos
Having a great time beeing here
i get so much nostalgia from his songs
I almost can't believe how much this song lifts my spirits when I'm at the middle of my college career
Hello sire thank you for the content
Dream stans explaining how Dream is better then literally anyone
i love the mix of bills new and old style
When people ask what’s my favorite musician, I always say Bill Wurtz.  And they always respond with: what?
Just in time
hes back with another bop!
Dream stans explaining how Dream is better then literally anyone
Not the hero we deserved, but the hero we needed
And when te world needed him the most, he returned
My man came back again One of the best videos he made was history of the world I guess
Oh it's gonna be a good day now
HE RETURNS
Every single Bill Wurtz song seems randomly generated with a very small range. They’re very similar but still incredibly unpredictable.
The Return of the King
Song good
Dream stans explaining how Dream is better then literally anyone
I love bendy boy with his cowboy hat
welcome back!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can u please do something with history again? 😢
amogus is funni
Welcome back lord wurtz
Ｗｅ  ｈａｖｅ  ｂｅｅｎ  ｂｌｅｓｓｅｄ         ａｎｅｗ
Dreams
Love you
*Gmod dances*
Dream stans explaining how Dream is better then literally anyone
New video itss really cool if your not subbed to him just do it
Martin Luther King Jr. On some Crack:
The return of the king
His channel really went from random to really inspirational. Well done.
The 3D imaging is just 😙🤌🏻
Bill, thank you for always giving hope to a world that often can’t see it.
This is an absolute bop and you can't tell me otherwise 💯
“All the best dreams will be dreamed again.”
Dream stans explaining how Dream is better then literally anyone
Now watch me whip. Now whatch me nae nae. Now watch me whip, whip now watch me cry cause. he's back.
ur videos look like what I scribble on my school papers but in a good way bcs I'm so cool and awesome
Seeing bill upload each time is always more than a dream
Return of the King
Another masterpiece by bill wurtz being given to us
The YouTuber is always first.
Well this is the best advertisement for dreaming I have ever seen.
Bill's knowledge of 3D has increased his power substantially. Soon he will be unable to be contained.
Every song you make speaks to me in a different way, and somehow you always upload when I need a new song the most. Thank you
😂😂😂
Truly beautiful, this music you make.
RETURN OF THE KING
Hello King bill wurtz
He's like a god, taking a quick visit on earth every once in a while
he returns
This video is more than true
this was uploaded right when i was looking at ur channel
Noice
e
believe he's back !!!
Return of the king
i just got back from counselling best day ever   Thank you bill this day is like a dream
Back at it again with the great music
First mob season 3 then a new bill video could this day get any better
I think this combination of newly learnt 3D and 2D animation is a perfect representation of the Wurtz style. Always a bright day with a new upload on this channel, Bill!
welcome back, glad to see you
yeahhh hes back
NO WAY
I was about to go to bed but now I have to watch this 763 times. Thanks Bill!
The goat is back!
I thought the next video was going to be in the 5th dimension
I just woke up
Always nice to see a new wurtz video
Bill: believe in the dream  Me: Wait does that mean that I really teamed up with the Russian mafia and Momo the chimp to eliminate the queen of England?
He did more blender guys! I'm so proud
the god is back, I REPEAT THE GOD IS BACK!
welcome back :)
Key changes at 1:00 and 1:49👌
This man is the only one who can be gone for a couple months and come back, drop a banger, and return back to not existing for a couple more months...
2 minutes and 10K views already..
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!!!!!
“Babe wake up, new Bill Wurtz”
😃
MYGOD THIS MUST BE A DREAM
We've been waiting. Glad you're back.
amugus
I fucking love this
the king has returned
Bill doesnt grow older Just look at my guy
Band? You should be or if you're happy we're happy ty for the music ❤️
wow that's great
wisdom rains on us again.
More than a dream: Bill uploads new videos.
Bill is the best bill, right above bill nye
Hes back!!!
omg same
Bill is back 🙏
An amazing message behind a simplistic animation, Great work!
This was a bip and a bop
Ahhhhhh
When the world needed him most, he returned
31 seconds ago, 1 view, 746 comments lol
Bill Wurtz the type of guy that can disappear for months at a time and come back to make a 3 minute video and all his fans go insane
You know it's good when it gets 10k in one minute.
Welcome back man
*Wo*      *WoWo* *Wo*      *WoWo* *Wo*      *WoWo*
Does he comment on videos?
i swear this man/cryptid/entity/god can make anything into a banger and i will continue eating it up
Dream is reborn!
Return of the king
Thank you
You’re as beautiful as the day I lost you
freebom
Bell notification gang
Finally
i was not having a good day but now i am because of king bill
I'm literally only commenting for Bill's video engagement. You can ignore this if you want.
You can tell he's getting better and better at 3D animation with each video
We are blessed with an other amazing song and video
WOOOT WOOOT!
🎷🐢
Man found his password again 🤣
This is a really funky song Bill
He returns! With a bop again!
Hope you came back to stay
This is awesome & surreal as usual
1 view, 113 likes, and 2,720 comments. On another note, this video is great. Just like Bill.
In 2080 children will analyse this to describe the pandemic time
Yesyesyes he's here! His songs are always just as great as I expect them to be! :D
Return of the king
And when we needed him most He came back
No he didn’t come back
i love you bill, platonically of course but ever time i watch your videos it puts a smile on my face. :D
I don’t understand what your saying but I understand what you mean
Time to watch history of the entire world i guess, i guess
this man is coming back and then goes away again like covid cases ong
this is a banger tbh
Am I dreaming or did Bill post a video?
Banger
YES
my brain during a test:
Next we need Sam o’nella to return
Dis’ a bop
WOOOOOO BILL IS BACK
Bill Wurtz finally uploading again is certainly more than a dream
WOOOT WOOOT!
I understand the words, but not the sentences
The man
Welcome back king
YOURE BACK YESSSS
Fire
This is exactly what I needed to watch today,  thank you so much Bill ... your videos are the best  👏
i'm going to start dropping "truesic" into conversations and hope it catches on
Even with the irregular uploads, we love our arial font musician.
This is my new fav song
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HES BACK
it's more then just a dream- he's back
the video currently has more likes than views lmao
He sure loves the words "dream" and "believe"
"getting a good night's sleep" Like that'll ever happen
you dropped this 👑
He is back!!  but here he go again .....
His songs always sound like they have a meaning but it only means something to someone who lives in the 4th dimension
Ok this has 2k more likes than views somehow
this is so true mr wurtz
And I was just thinking about you a few days ago 😆 Back with another chaotic banger!
Love ya bill
Return of the king
OH GOD YOUR BACK YOU'VE HAD NO IDEA HOW WE'VE MISSED BILL!!!!
Thank you for the serotonin, Sir.
We can make a meme out of this
Yess my monthly doseage of bill wurtz, always feels good and refreshing.
😌✨👌
Those 3d animation classes are paying off!  also collab with bo burnham when
i enjoyed this, thank you
Yes!
Shit new song on a no bones day? Hell ya
i miss the anything videos...
when people comment “first” instead of enjoying the beautiful music…
Best song????
Happy to see you again, Bill! 🤩
**Clicks on new video** Comments:1 **1 minute later** Comments: 1.4k
Wake up Babe, New Bill wurtz vid
I'll tell my kids that was BTS
People who cant dream: *CANT RELATE*
Welcome!
WELCOME BACK ❤️
Bet you won’t pin this
Bill Wurtz: makes quirky song with cool editing Mankind: *HE IS THE MESSIAH*
Oh god yes!
“You’ve got to believe in freedom.” Eren Jaeger: 😳😏
I think I was the first person to view this! If not the first person to comment
Bruh the video has 3k views and 5k likes he's growing too powerfull
THE DAY BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY MR WURTZ CAME BACK LOVE THIS
I was getting annoyed that I kept getting notifications, but when I saw this one, my whole demeanor changed…. I am happy
Wow
aaaaay
It’s more than a dream when Bill Wurtz posts an absolute banger again
Shit you have arised from The dead
What’s the BPM I’m mapping this ._.
He's got pinpoint accuracy because he never misses
EVERYONE SHUT UP, BILL HAS SOMETHING TO SAY
I love this new 3d animation thing you got going on my guy
YOUR ALIVE
OH MY GOODNESS- H-HE'S HERE!! :OOOOOO
He took the green out of the green screen. Friggin genius.
The sound design gets better every time it feels. Loved the choice and pacing of the percussion in this one!
When bill wurtz uploads, you know it’s gonna be a good day
0:01 Same
dang he never disappoints… THIS IS SO GOOD
What the hell I was literally JUST thinking about this guy
This is great
this is some true music true(sic). pretty cool. pretty sic.
I thought you died.
Aye finally early and nice video, always good to see more! Welcome back!
as always just musical stories the best of the best
Pls histroy vidio pls pls
Hi
He’s back baby woooooooooo
when's the album king
so great to see you
YO
i just woke up to a bill wurtz video notification
I love bill wurtz, i love bill wurtz.
oh thank god he’s back
Well this was unexpectedly motivational
I had a dream about snorting some drugs last night
Today I woke up in a dream - Bill Wurtz posted a new video.
Wake up babe, new bill wurtz upload
Absolutely loved this song. All the quirkiness we love with some really interesting harmonic moves! Hope you're doing well.
for some reason i think theres a deaper meaning to this song    or am i just sad
Babe wake up, Bill posted a new video
This song is lowkey inspirational
dreams do make sense, budster
Do a history of Canada its just a few seconds
HES BACK!!!
Posted 43 seconds ago Comments: 1.5k Views: 314 What the fuck
He's got 6.2k veiws in 1min😩
Petition for Bill to make a movie
Ur animation has improved so much!!
HES BACK
The amount of people that came here in 2 minutes doesn't surprise me in the slightest.
Nice to see you again! :D
Bill wurtz uploaded. 🎶 This must be a dream 🎶
It's always a good day when this king comes back to grace us with another great video
AYOOO WELCOME BACK🤪🤪
Epic
The return of the king!
*Dancing*
He's returned!!!!
very cool bill, thanks.
bill woke up from his dreams and made a video
These songs are bangers
you're the dream, bill
I LOVE YOU WELCOME BACK
The king is back
lets fucking gooooooo!!!!
I love your visuals man.
Bill Wurtz. The man the myth the legend. Now with legs
Awesome song that seems like it has such a deep meaning and simultaneously seems like nonsense, As always :D
hell yeah!!!
HELL YEAH BILL WARTS
You're back
Fun fact nobody has completely watched this video
Incredible absolutely phenomenal
"dreaming about the things i dreamed"  𝓓𝓻𝓮𝓪𝓶𝓬𝓮𝓹𝓽𝓲𝓸𝓷
Welcome back
Yaaay
oh em gee
never once have i clicked so fast
No way
This song is basically what i see when I sleep
BILL MY BELOVED
Damn
great video, what a great song.
When the world needed him the most, he came back.
Oh my God. He's alive. He's actually alive.
cool song
And like Jesus from upon high, he returned!
Thank you
d    f
Oh thank God he's not gonna take a 4 year break or something
Good
The legend returns.
💤💛
Okay. Here we go agaiiiinnnb
Yay! A new video!
THANK
damn no dream minecraft :/
This Is wonderful.
The king returns.
HONEY WAKE THE KIDS UP BILL WURTZ IS BACK
Wow this song is a banger
when the world needed him the most...he returned.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
guys i think he had a dream
welcome back !!! this is a bop omg
Welcome back
THE LEGEND IS BACK!!!!!
alive
58 seconds ago it was released, with 316 views, 4.1k likes, 1.9k comments.yep, YouTube's drunk.
The legend has returned
fuck yeah he's back. 🥳
uplifting and groovy thank you king
Babe wake up, a new Bill wurtz song just dropped
After having 15 straight hours of deep, vivid lucid dreams this is pretty fitting
I too, tend to dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream in a dream
what if the world was made of pudding
D:
I've never seen a comment section explode quite as much as I seen on a Bill Wurtz viddo
Every day that Bill releases is a good day
Nice!
The stars shine because of this.
“And when no one expected it, he returned”
*My day, no- Our day just got a lot better.*
This is the perfect motivation music
Today just became 1000x better
Tunez
Damn, never been this early. You dropped your crown, king. Welcome back :)
B
Yes let's go
Instant clicked
An absolute banger today man
If you dream a dream while dreaming a dream, were you dreaming a dream of a dream or dreaming you dreamed a dream while dreaming a dream?
HE HAS RETURNED!!
Funny man
The legend is back.
Today I feel asleep in forensics, and I dreamed about teddy bears. But we were also watching a video about crime scenes so I had a dream about a teddy bear crime scene.
This made my day.
Great work comrade, keep up the good work.
Another song to annoy my brother with
Oh let’s go
Lesssssgoooooooo
love
History of the World 2: The Horse was Never Tamed  Coming soon?
he back
He is here
legend returns
The legend is back
Our god has returned
He is back
Suppy
You now he's special when he gets more than 4k likes in less than minute. Beautiful work!❤👏
HE REVIVED
3k views  5k likes   Nice
Yes,he back >_<
BILL WURTZ
This what happens when Bill doesn’t take his Normal Pills
omg welcome back god
1:50 _are you sure about that_
Always a pleasure
WHOOOOO POGGERS DREAM FROM MINECRFAT MNAHNUT!!!!!!!!
What did I do to deserve this gift
Bruh how many comments are coming?
This is amazing I'm going to kill an orphan
Now this is epic
Hahah Nice
“Come on man it’s 2 am go to sleep” *but Bill Wurtz uploaded a new video* “Oh shit nevermind”
I need this on Spotify and I need it now
Yoooo Bill
This is the most positive disassociative episode I’ve ever had
Eey this song is pretty n i c e
Sleep is death with benefits!
these animations are getting out of hand
BILL IVE MISSED YOU
More than a dream you uploaded <3
2.3k comments in 1 minute....wow
0:40 Bill: things My brain: THINAS
He will always return. Just never for long.
I, Giorno Giovanna, have more than a dream.
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
I had a dream that Bill Wurtz posted a new song, I now believe in the dream.
What a wacky dude
missed u
jesus i thought you died
Nice
Is this real ?
The king is back
Yeeeesssss new song
Triple dream
Yes
Yoooooo
Cool.
The slew of full-length songs is stirring hopes for an album like never before…
This is a bop!
Let’s go I’m so early
Omg...YOU'RE BACK!!! THE KING?!?!?!
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
man the quality always just increases in every single category every time! Amazing! This is incredible! can't believe you don't monetize these, you should be getting paid for these skills!
He returns again! I can't believe that he has returned 😁😁😁😂😂
OUR KING!!!
HE
he’s back
It's 1AM but it won't stop me
I can't believe that this dream is happening
This man has a dream
the legend, the myth, its bill wurtz back at it again at krispy kreme
I love bill wurtz
Bonjour.
Hey bill
HES RETURNED ONCE MORE! 👏👏
song 👏
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
Yeah baby
The Legend is back
This is actually beautiful.
Love the Hair btw!!! Glad to see u again mate :D
One of my favorite Youtubers
Dream moment
New songggg yessss!!!!
I literally looked at your channel yesterday to see if there were any new posts
Ngl this slaps more then usual
Oh my god you get better with each upload and with some quality 3d now along with the crazy editing? Awesome! Song is so smooth too~
he has returned
This slaps thank you Bill
Griezman op
HE LIVES
Another beautiful song, as expected of Bill Wurtz…
No bill, your songs are literally fever induced dream.
The legend is back!
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
When bill wurtz uploades, you know its gonna be a good day!
Back for more fever dreams!
I’ve slipped into chaos
Woah, he's not dead
Long time no see, luv luv luv x ❤️
last
are u a dream fan
Not gonna lie, my day was kinda shitty and was angry the entire time. Now that I'm in bed and see that you've made another video, I feel a lot better
this whole channel seems like a dream
Last
Withing one minute token received
A song is awesome
It's a TechnoBlade
babe wake up, bill uploaded
The king is back
The return of the king
Wow, he's alive!
Whooo billy boy
E
NEW BILL WURTZ DROPPED BABE GET THE COFFEE
YESSSS
This some inception bullshit
the legend has returned
Bruh
Pog the legend lives
Ayyyeee the man, the myth, the legend is back! (Edit: with a fucking bop hell yeah!)
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
True[sic] should be your album name.
Every song by him slaps so hard!
I can’t believe bill wurtz collaborated with dream 😳🤯🤯
Thank you Bill!! Just what I needed.
I thought he’s account was dead this is a great day for humanity
Omg
The legend returns!
WOOOH
Nice to see that you’re still around Bill!
I'm sure the title was what everyone thought when Bill Wurtz posted
He's back, better than ever before!
He wrote a whole song😳
It's been 20 seconds. How are there already 100 comments?
The King is going strong! 😁                                               👐
Today was a good day
he has awaken from his slumber
I can relate to Dreaming a dream about dreams and waking up in dreams
1 minute ago holy shit
My favoritedream is where my 4 year old self's favorite stuffed animal was baked into a lasagna and placed onto a cartoon style cliff, and I got back in a limosine
The Had Dude (3D eddition) makes a return! Just what I need to close out my day
Ah, sticking to the upload schedule!
Anotha jam
One Hundredth.
I'm not first but im 3rd that i can se SO imma say in the 69th comment and good luck saying otherwise in an hour!! Ha!
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
HE LIVES
Cool
The myth, the legend
Everytime I listen to a bill wurtz song, I try to memorize the lyrics but it's just so incredibly confusing to the point where it's hard to figure out what lyric is next
Never clicked so fast in my life
WAJRYYYY
2.4k comments posted 1min ago lmao
Oh my lord, he’s okay.
he's bacc and with 3d animation
Sometimes i forget that he makes music
My friend: I had the most amazing dream last night My dreams:
FIRST YOU MIGHTY FUCKING LEGEND
HE IS BACK
We love you bill
Is it just me or are Bill's lyrics making more and more sense as the time goes?
HE'S BACK
Jammin to funky tunes with Bill!!!
miss you
Good morning from your dream
he back again!
nice
YESSS!!!!!
To think I was just losing hope in human kind moments ago
Ok wtf this is actually my new favorite bill wurtz vid.
Oh my.....
This whole time he's been learning that 3d shapes exist
Very nice song glad to see you are still making music
He lives on!
I’m just about to sleep. Now I know that I’m definitely gonna have a great dream.
hell yea
HE'S BACK
After half a minute already almost 1000 comments, wow.
He's returned
today started off shitty for me until bill wurtz posted, my gratitude is immeasurable and my day is saved.
Well my day is made
Not started the video yet but I already know this one's a banger
He's back with another banger!
you don't know how fast i clicked omg he's back!!!
wake up new bill wurtz video just dropped
The return of the king
After a hiatus he is back
You can't just not love this guy. I've such a huge musical crush on Bill ❤️🎊 it doesn't get any better than this.
I’m an early bird
Finally!!
bill swooping in with the annual dopamine shot
Next video in couple of years
Bill and make my entire bad day melt away
Do you think Bill writes out all these lyrics or does he just raw dog it?
truesic
ayyy
It's 3am for me but who needs sleep anyway
O mah gawd, he's ✨bawck✨
perfection in song form????
That's history
return of the king
How did I forget that I was actually the whole time secretly waiting for this. Ok if y'all want more bull wortzy type music and video check our Diamondcup67
HES BACK
This is really good tho
Yes
Get ready for more nostalgic events from this guy
Long time no see.
Ima go dream a dream
THE KING HAS AWAKEN AGAIN!!
HYPE
This is a damn bop. How do you get such good animation, in 3d too?
WOOO A NEW VIDEOOOOOO!!! Seriously tho this this sickkkk
He’s back
He’s alive??
YOOOOO!!!!
HE'S NOT DEAD!
Never clicked on a notification so fast
Everybody gangsta until you have a nightmare in a dream
Thank you Bill, we all need some happiness, especially during desperate times
Living the dream is the dream
Bill I'm always soo happy when u add a new song! Thank you! Keep up the good job!
The king has returned 😌
Bill wurtz never fails to appeal to that one corner of my aesthetic
Welcome back Bill
Turnt
Hes back!!!
I wasn't expecting to hit me so close to home
Yay
Our king has returned.
Yaay new song is here
3:18 wtf bill wurtz owo!?
The return of the king.
*HE IS ALIVE*
A new upload? This must be a *dream*
This is literally more than just a dream
Best comeback of human history
HOLY SHIT. HE’S BACK!
No way
This is so chill and catchy. Makes you smile~
He is back (:
Fuck yeah welcome back king
DREAMS :D
I don't have any secrets.  But you don't know that.
You know it’s a good bill wurtz video when there is 1 view, 819 likes, 1 dislike, and 90 comments in 22 seconds.
Where were u
Another banger
The Return of the King
I'm tempted to make this my alarm tone
Brothers. Sisters. They/Thems. We gather here once again to unify as one people to listen to Billington Wurtzler. A man of creativity beyond our wildest dreams. Amen.
This hits different
About to wake up everybody in the house to tell them bill wurtz uploaded
This is the best thing to wake up to when you’re sick. Thank you Bill.
My Bell didn't work :(
He back, and he is alive! OMG!
Basically I need to get into a coma so I can permanently live my dream which would become my reality
Pog
Im early but i dont know what to say
I'm calm now
I was just thinking about you the other day. I’m glad to see another video!!
The return of the king
he’s returned
i think it's really nice to sleep for 6 months
2nd
Is this what ketamine looks like?
Why y'all mf's so worried about being first? Just enjoy the song
You should do another history of the entire country like Germany
He’s returned, incredible as always
He has blessed us again
hea alive
Bill has such a calming voice
sure youtube, 1 view and 1k comments.
Haven’t listened fully and I already know it is a bop
POGGERS
Be back in 30, gotta let the comments  ✨ *marinate* ✨
My dreams be like:
missed you!!
epic
Istg, he barely uploads, but when he does, he comes back with actual bangers.
Yes
Another video? More than a dream.
He always knows the perfect time.to come back
Finally, the one thing that keeps me sane during quarantine is back
This song slaps!!
This is a really good song
He's back with more 3D. In 2030, he'll have live action.
Nice
I feel happy to be blessed with this
Alive???!!!!!!!
Yay!!
30 seconds and it has 2.6k likes.  Holy crap I forget how loved Bill Wurtz is.
let’s goooo, a new upload
I’m so glad to hear this ❤️
Bruh the speed i clicked the video is like the speed of light
Hell ye new bill music
Wow he upgraded to 3D
the song feels kinda nostalgic
“What’s your music taste?” Me: masterpieces
“Insert Funny Comment Here”
Stop saying first, the first one is Bill because he watched it before it was posted
OMG A NEW BILL WURTZ SONG!! :D
The man making another appearance
Ayeeee he's back
Our herald of good taste is back.
These animations look really nice
Welcome,
Ah yes, the long awaited sequel to "less than a dream"
Thank you Bill, I will believe in the dream
hes back with the music again :D
We needed him now more than ever
i believe  Also this song is an absolute bop
Finally early
Yee, here are wee.
He's back!
Love you <3
He's alive??? This is the best day of my life-
The return of the king
the messiah has returned
The real dream was the friends we made along the way
i have been pleasantly surprised by the notification i got that this video was actually published.  Epic.
he is r i s e n   fr tho this slaps
THE GOAT
this was a nice reward for a full day of revision :)
This was incredibly unexpected, thank you <3
I love this😩 nothing can beat this
i had such a bad day today but now im so happyyyyy aaaaa iiiiiii jajajahsjakKjzj Jacket KK im too happy aaaa
holy crap
Ah another wurtz song to memorize
He’s back when we needed him
HE LIVES! HE LOVES! OUR GOD RETURNS TO US!
A bop
As a time traveler, I can say this video is made my day.
When dream
I’m just glad to see he’s happy and alive
the crazy thing is that i was just thinking about your music… now here you are😭
When we needed him he returned We love you Bill
Lets gooooo
Sup
hello bill
E
Gimme hug
Another music from the man himself  👉😎👉 nice
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I love it omg
Let’s goo
The legend never ceaces to amaze, 2D or 3D
YouTube broken by Bill Also yet another amazing day for Bill has posted
bruh
bill wurtz is the best thing to happen to you and me
THIS IS A BOP
I believe I'm dreaming
Found this guy today and i'm not complaining
BILL WURTZ THANK YOU
My shitty day got a little better.
oh hey bill
I dream about a new Bill Wurtz video every night. It came true today. Yay.
*and when the world needed him most, he returned*
A wise man once said “Don’t let your dreams be dreams”
THE RETURN OF THE KINGGGGG
Thank you for coming to the sleep paralysis demons anonymous meeting. What are your opinion on our society today?
No way
Never been this early before
a sign of life
Amazing vid as always, keep it up dude!
Kono giorno giovanna niwa yume ga aru
True
HE BACC
Welcome back again, Bill
Yesterday was always better than today, and tomorrow will also be better than today. Until tomorrow becomes today.
he still exists???
Finnaly a song for kids...
Amogus forntnte?!
“In that dream I fell asleep” *the character fucking dies*
nice dream
After 69 420 years finally i can experience the new bill wurtz Upload on the day it realizes
HE’S BACK
Sup my guy
I think nobody cares if u are first
bill :D
Daaaaaad
Another bill wurtz banger \o/
hi bill!
Not first but nice video
He's alive
This hits different when you experienced the dream hes talking about.
This is good
What a wonderful day to have alerts turned on
HES ALIVE
YES new Bill Wurtz content!
bruh twin peaks be like:
Secondly
Everything on hold for bill wurts
hes backkk
never before have I been so happy for something so random to just pop up in my notifications out of nowhere.
Bill posting is a dream
comeback of the century
Yo what up bill
You know whenever I listen to music on this channel, it gives me a strange mixture of feelings that I cannot describe. I wonder if anyone else gets this feeling.
I like that that “getting a good nights sleep” is in quotes
not first
What kind of music do you listen to?            bill wurtz
*S L A P*
So cool, the first vid i see released
doesnt upload for half a year, comes out with this banger, honestly it was worth the wait
Woah!
I already see “first” comments  I’m just trying to see smart people who make funny comments
YES HES BACK
Bill why is this message pinned?
Sounds great, well done
3rd holy shit!!!
Thank you bill, very cool
Im trippin my balls again
3D really ascended these videos to a higher plane of intellect
Normal
WTF
Wake up babe new bill vid
When I see Bill Wurtz notification. I click as fast as I can 🙏
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Better dream than MLK Jr.
You know I checked this YouTube channel yesterday to see if he posted a new video
Oh my fucking God this song is about Dream
OMG HES BACK THIS HAS MADE MY DAY
He’s back bois
hello, if you say "first" then remember that you aren't unique, and that nobody cares. you're 12
He sang in the beginning about dreams but his videos are like good fever dreams
A new Bill Wurtz upload? Am I dreaming?
The legend is back people!! Balance is restored.
Man hasn’t uploaded since the Great Depression
Fith by the time I viewed the comment section but thers probably already a 100 comments
Sheesh
first (all the other “first” r fake)
Fuck yeah a new bill Wurtz video
Bop
BILL BILL BILL BILL
the king has returned
Vibes
𝐻𝑒𝑙𝑙 𝑌𝑒𝑎ℎ
Welcome back king
Let’s get this trending guys
the other guy was first
I could wait another 5 years for these songs came. It cost the wait
I want to dream with you Bill ❤️
Nice song
Not to be dramatic but Bill Wurtz is kind of a music god 👉👈
Legend-wait-for-it-because-he-uploaded-dary. Legendary
THE RETURN OF THE KING
*Levels of existentialism rising fast*
WOOOO
WOOOOOOO more Bill! You have made my day!
Bill Wurtz your music is yes
The production quality is amazing on this one
Nuce to see the music slaps just as much as people do to soil bags
Wb after some months :)
The return of the king
Sing praises, he has come back with a new video.
He has returned once more to bless us
bill wurtz
Praise be, he has returned once again to bless us with greatness!
First but not really but sure why not
Indeed
Beautiful
Bill wurtz is the only guy who I think can make everything out of nothing.
Nice video
Aaaaaand he’s back again
10 seconds in and it's already great
When the world needed him most, he came back
I don't sleep, so I wouldn't understand
ANSWER ME BILL
This is more slapping than a slap
45 secs in and  2nd best song imo
I was legit just thinking about re watching some Bill Wurtz videos
He disappeared for 5 months just to drop another banger
Damn I'm jamming
No one: Bill Wurtz:   RANDOM SHIT GO!
will burtz
Every time Bill uploads I become happier
I didnt know there are a lot of "first" people in a video...
Bill Wurtz being more active than ever
The king is here
BABE WAKE UP BILL IS ALIVE
babe wake up bill wurtz uploaded
I had a dream about this guy breaking into my old house… do I believe that?
did this ever got unlisted?
How does he make a existential crisis a motivational speech
WOOOOO! \O/
HOLY SHIT BILL WURTZ AMAZING SONG
the hero is back
The return of the king ! 👑
Wake up babe, Bill Wurtz uploaded.
Lucid dreams song
aw hell yea
This day just got way way better
Our lord and savior has returned to bless us with new music.
Clicked so fast
Ooh he’s back! And with the same old amazing beats.
Hello Internet <3
It’s a good day when bill wurtz posts a beautiful song.
When this man uploads it's a bop
•
The Return of The King
Some PBS Kids vibes
Bill Wurtz’s songs might as well be a completely new genre.
if inception was a song
Yeah but what if I have a nightmare
Damn the vocals in this one tho
AYTAYATAT
Much love Bill 🕉️♥️ you're awesome
Its always a fine day when Bill uploads
Hell yeah
Another confusing masterpiece
THE MAN HIMSELF
Bill's songs sound what a stroke is like
This guy slaps
the legend himself uploaded
Dreaming Electic Boogaloo 2.0
Third
Yay bill wurtz video
THE KING RETURNS
Our king has returned everyone bow
sometimes our man comes back 🕺🕺
im the n.1000 view of the video
35 secs = 1000 comments???
Aye, we got more Bill Wurtz
BROOOO
WOAH
Omg he's back!!!
I too will be getting a good night's sleep, knowing King Wurtz has returned.
dreams can be my own way
Babe, come over, Bill Wurtz uploaded a new video!
This is actually good, bill really takes his time with these
1 view, 2.3k likes, ohhhhh youttubbeeee!
👍
AFTER MONTHS!!!  Edit: I didn’t mean it in a mean way I just meant it’s been to long and I guess he was working on THIS BANGER
This has made my entire year 😩
You cool dream
Somewhere in the first one thousand probably
Let’s goooo, we missed you man
fuck yeah bro
HES BACK WITH A SONG THAT SLAPS!
Any day bill posts a new video is a great day
I see the style has not changed, neat
Six months well spent
dream
The return of the king! I love this!!
love these angles
Yoo
The legend has uploaded yet again
King is back
Yoo another amazing song? Sign me up!
Hi
YAY
Thank you Bill
_Im having a crisis over a programming assignment and like a saviour,,, he has arrived in my time of need_
Holy shit missed u
Today is going to be a great day since Bill has uploaded a new video.
i love you so much
Swaws
He's back!
Third
hi bill
is today a bones day? It feels like a bones day
Nice Song
I love this new inspiration vibe
let me just *adds this song to music playlist*
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
THIS NOT A DRILL 🚨 I REPEAT THIS IS NOT A DRILL 🚨THE KING RETURNED🚨
First
The boost we all needed in 2021
Am so early the only comments are people saying first
It's been to long, hasn't it.
Babe wake up new Wurtz Bill video
not even halfway through, already a bop
Damn he’s back again :)
When the world needed him he returned with his dreams
How the fick does this have so many comments
He is back ladies and gentlemen
Thank you for this masterpiece 👍
Wake up honey. Bill Wurtz got a new banger.
Great to bill is back to motivate me
WHOOO NEW BILL WURTZ LETS GOOOOOO
Musuc
It's called we do a little dreaming
Dream 😳😳
These new 3d graphics in these videos add a whole new dimension to it!
I swear i saw this in my sleep
1 view yet 2k likes. seems legit
I turned on notifications yesterday cause I forgot too.        Thank God I did
So many things happened for me today! I was shocked by Technoblade on Twitter now this upload
NEW BILL WURTZ UPLOUD! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN MY FAMILY DIED BILL
yesssssss
second
NO FUCKING WAY HE’S ACTUALLY BACK.
Ah, nothing brightens my day more than a new ditty from bill!
Me vibin to this instead of eating breakfast
so are you still dreaming?
none of you are first
When we need him most… he returns…
pov: your listening to my singular brain cell
I clicked faster than a guy clicking on something quickly
babe wake up… new bill wurtz banger just dropped
Has big Solsbury Hill vibes
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
Did you know that Thomas Jefferson had sexual relations with his slave half sister?
Convient as I just experienced quite a weird dream last night
YAY! NEW BILL WURTZ VID!!!
This is a cool song. I miss the old you, because you were making all those types of memes and everything. It was so cool, bro!
Kinda a bop
AH SLAP
🐢
Bill making a new video was about to be more of a dream for all of us
Please tell I'm not dreaming
Gnarly
Literary everyone here is first
rule idk if the internet: when a bill wurtz video comes out, you have to watch it no matter what you are doing
I must be dreaming.
BILL
Last
Bill Wurtz is what keeps the dream alive.
The title describes how I feel when Bill Wurtz posts
Incredible as always
More then a mask.
For the first part I’ve actually had a dream like that except I was shrek for some reason
THE LEGEND POSTED AGAIN LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
will burtz
Honey stay calm, but Bill Wurtz uploaded
Dreaming eh?
Nice
<3
THE LEGEND IS BACK!
Not first but not last
Loving these videos
He’s back with another hit folks
Your alive
Pog
BILL I THOUGHT YOU QUIT
Cool
Yo what i was watching old bill wurtz videos when this got uploaded
The man
Today we are reunited for more bill wurtz my gentleman
HES BACK
Ahhh this is so good! Glad you’re back
Wtf- OMG YA STILL HERE! Listen guys my favourite Music guys is back 😱
Your voice seems so different
He’s back!
you're back:( i missed u
I wa about to go to sleep but hey
Banger
Second to not say first!
The king has returned
Sun is a deadly lazerrt
honestly you posting feels like a dream
Man this is so relatable when I wake up in a dream
¡slap!
Bill Wurtz uploading is the highlight of an otherwise bad day.
Yay he’s back
nice
I actually love this song
And when we needed him the most, he returned.
Aight, that was a great vid. See y’all in half a year
Last.
The legend uploaded
Glad he's uploading again 😌
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
came here in 28 seconds for the return of the king
Welcome back King.
Christ is King.
HE'S BACK!!!
Hey Dad
I love you Bill
bill wurtz videos always feel like a dream honestly
HE POSTED
Not first
This guy does this for free
The king is back
He finally remembered his Youtube password...
I opened this Immediately at work and there’s already like 50 comments.. Stay safe and enjoy these days with your loved ones!
HELL YEA
Thought today would be normal, but Bill uploaded.
Well looks who it is!
there's like- 4 first comments
I’m dreaming that this video came out.
DREAM
Him posting is always a shock
Hi Bill.
He's back🥰
Finally another new bill wurtz video
bill wurtz
I think we can all agree that this is a new music style
**insert R2 D2 happy noise**
Second
Another Bill Wurtz masterpiece, let’s goooooo
🗿
I think this is what the world needed the most right now
31 seconds, 750+ comments, I wonder if people get excited when Bill posts...lol
Welcome back bill, glad to have you here again!
Not first
Heck yeah Bill time
I’ve watched ur video about the world and I love the line.. I miss you
OMG UR BACK?!
Hi Bill. Long time no see.
Hi
Omg
Spicy
yooooo
Hello Bill
Bill wurtz is more than a dream
Every bill wurtz notification is a good surprise
What the hell is happening with the comments
right when the world needed him the most..  he returned
Yes give me more drugs please :)
I needed this.
BILLY BILLY WART WURTZ
Ooooh new video
Always gotta be here for the bill wurtz upload
Fifth
nice
Another masterpiece from our king And i havnt even watched it yet
Th king returns
It's been so long.
HES BACK AGAIN
WHOOO HES BACK ONCE AGAIN
A legend returns
Here comes the number comments
This is a absolutely banger you are my favorite musician
The man is back always at a good time
Hey there how's it goin
OH MY GOD THE LEGEND IS BACK
The king is back over and over again!
He came back, after waiting for billions of years. He came back
2368th 😎
3.8k forty seconds in
Oh my God yes
IS THIS A DREAM
he’s back 😧
This must be a sign this month is going to be good
Yooooooo good to see you, Mr. Wurtz  See you in another 1-5 months
[insert generic comment about how Bill hasn’t uploaded in a while]
Not first
Bill Wurtz, only youtuber who can disappear for 5 months without anyone getting mad.
oh cool
Thank you Bill Wurtz, very cool.
Today I woke up and jammed out to a new Bill Wurtz song. 🎵 🎧
Ah, another masterpiece!
And Bill reappears with a banger once again
Im probably not the first but its worth a try
HISTORY OF RUSSIA
Some inspiring words right here
i love how his videos are so random
KING SHIT KING SHIT H’ES BACK
1 view 370 comments, nice YouTube!
oh my god he POSTED!?! YAY
So early only a few people have heard it all the way through
Lessss gooooo
2nd
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Chciekn
Babe wake up bill wurtz mv just dropped
Second
NO ONE CARES IF YOU WERE FIRST.
Dream
Nobody cares if ur first lmao
Second
omg dream-ception. Believe in it yo
No matter what, these videos are always bangers
Third?
Wow
this would come out on a no bones day. makes it a little more bearable.
The king has returned
who is below me?
Nothing is the nothing of nothings when the nothing is acting to nothing of nothing…
always a good day when bill wurtz uploads
i had a dream u made a new history upload
HE HAS RETURNED    REJOICE
“I fell asleep”  Falls and fucking died
Wake up, new bill wurtz song just dropped
Never been this early before lol
Q101st person.
Hi
Wo
Literally 1min ago wth lol
Early! :3
HE HAS AWOKEN FROM HIS SLUMBER AND BLESSED US ONCE AGAIN
lss goo
And when we needed him the most, he came back
Not first
the boy is back <3
The legend is back!
this is so good. why???
BILL
wake up babe new Bill Wurtz
SPREAD THE WORD FOR SIR BILL OF WURTZ HATH RETURNED
God? Are you back😱
WELCOME BACK 😆
I was gonna say “first” but I guess 30 seconds is too slow 😩
YO HE IS ALIVE also there are 13 hundred "first" comments
I've only been listening for 40 secs and I love it
Who ever disliked this deserves the death penalty
Almost first
Last
GO BILL GO BILL GO BILL
I, too, often dream of the things I've dreamed.
When the world needed him most. He returned.
Ok
Today I woke up and Bill wurtz posted a video!
His animation gets better every video, I love it
This already has so many likes
My day just got 100 times better now
Here we are again to witness a legendary work of art.
Make another history video
And just when the world needed him most... he came back
WHAT HES BACK
HE BACK
Cool not gay
Umbrella boi is back
Wake up babe there’s a New bill wurtz vid
The king is back finally !
E
Dammit was gonna say first
:0000
What’s the guys name tho
I love this music style
It’s more than a dream that you’re back
uhuh
Finally
This video is a dream.
Like and react moment
Hi
Yay
Dream
THE KING IS BACK!
*When the world needed him most, he returned.*
We Dream Happily today now
your videos are the types of dreams i get
The king is back
I've already looped it,  gonna listen to this for the next few hours.
THE GOAT HAS RETURNED
“and in that dream I fell asleep” how is this so relatable to me wth
Yo
I stopped what i was doing to watch this masterpiece
Yes, this made my shitty day so much better
I'm so happy bill is posting again! These are GROOVES
Hell yeah!
Our mate's BACK!
Today is a good day
This is a religious gathering when bill wurtz uploads..
Omg he’s back!!! Yay!
What wonderful timing, just got back from school, love this guy’s stuff
Sounds like a no bones day for you
It always makes my day when you upload
Babe wake up, Bill Wurtz just uploaded
Yes sir
Claim your "Here before this video hit 1000 likes" ticket here!
Wooo
Bro he’s dreaming in a dream while dreaming about dreaming
Well this is a pleasent surprise
When everyone need him the most, he returned
First
Why do people say first?
Thanks for making my day better Bill :)
New Bill song ::)))))))))
I think this more than a dream
HUZZAH HE RETURNS
I think he had a dream
I zummed my zants
WHaT
HE'S BACK WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST
I Thought seeing this in my new uploads was a dream
Exactly what I need while I’m sick
Yeah new bill wurtz drop
HE BACCC
Woooow new video!
Babe wake up new bill wurtz video
im so happy you uploaded, this has made my day :)
Babe, wake up, new Bill Wurtz video just dropped
Damn 102 people straight away clicked this vid
First
this is what keeps me going.
Yes New Bill Wurtz
finally! been waiting for so long!
Bill Wurtz back at it again baby!
Yay, he's back!
If you read this have a nice day
The moment i was thinking about him... He came and gave us a gift
HE'S BACK B*TCHES
he just like me fr
and the legend posts another bop
HE'S ALIVE!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
where were you bill
Things are complete
Notification gang
I clicked faster than my braincells dieing at 3am
Today I woke up in a dream, where Bill Wurtz posted a new song.
0:28 lovely
25 second gang
It's good music time
He’s back
potato.
The legend is back!
Honey, wake up, Bill Wurtz posted
I DONT CARE ABOUT MY ESSAY ANYMORE BILL WURTZ UPLOADED  Wait why is this song so good wtf?
Its finally happening oh my god
HE'S BACK???
hey man ❤️ long time no see
Among us
Ooooh you're experimenting with your visual effects I see...
Been a long time since an upload
Is he back ??????? Let’s goooooo
Well, ok
It’s better than a dream when you post
Yes
After what felt years, the legend made a comeback!
Return of the King
When the world needed him most he came back
Kinda slaps 😎
Bill wurtz posts - I stop what I’m doing and watch and listen!
strangely eerie,, why bill
Wait huh
Amog
LETS GOOOOO!!!! Bill bring me to a world far away from reality but bring me back down with your sweet tasty jams!!!
D R E A M
🤑🤙
LETSS GOO ITS LIKE A DREAM
THe KING HATH RETURNED
first
Slaps as usual.
"More than a dream" is what Dream stans sound like when someone tells them Dream is just a Minecraft player
Dream has been real quiet since this dropped
Third
this is a BOP
The return of the king
Hi lol
the man, the myth, the legend, _HE'S BACK_
Like a Stampy or a DanTDM?
POGGERSSSS, THE LEGEND HIMSELF UPLOADED
Hehe Dream
The man is back with another bop, this might be his best one yet. Love ya Bill!
WHt
The return of a king
Always glad to see music from you. Keep up the great work bill
Your back
Do my eyes deceive me
Make entire history of the world 2.0
YESSSSS ANOTHER ONE YES BILL
Another Bill Wurtz upload, the world is at peace just for a little longer.
Hold on, I gotta take some LSD to fully enjoy this song...
I really just got this recommended 19 seconds after it was uploaded
me convincing myself that bill wurtz uploading was more than just a dream
Dreal will comment in this video
HES BACKKK
Every day
Return of the King
absolute banger, love the work man!
Close to first
Wow that was fast
I’m just here not first not second just alive
Wake up babe, bill wurtz just dropped another banger
Second
23rd
Yes.
My god I’m early to a bill wurtz video also 3rd
The legend has returned! :D
Who is first again
The legend has posted! This song is beautifully crafted and my ears are just crying from the soothing-ness :'))
absolutely gorgeous and inspiring
i like dreaming
HERE EARLY THIS IS 1 MORE REASON TO LIVE MY LIFE
Is Albania better then estonia??
1 view  304 likes
Mmmmmm sleep.
HELL YEA BABYYYY
Its been so long. How are you
omg dream from minecraft omg!!!!! 😱😱😱😱😱
Happy levels go brrrrrrrr
OH HELL YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
The king, the god, the legend himself has come back when we needed him most.
and when the world needed him most, he returned
a legend has returned
See you on the trending page, Bill
he uploaded
i saw this notification and went “Awww yea bill wurst released a new video” and now i’m here
Never clicked on a video so fast!
This is gonna be great and we know it
Yey
Hi
i like 3d bill wurtz :)
his lyrics are so deep
Wake up babe. A new Bill Wurtz song just dropped.
Ayyyyyyy hes back
Welcome back :)
amazing work
Let's goo he back again
wow!
Your back
bill isn't the wurtz
The legend uploaded
yayyyy he’s back :D
A blessing from the Lord!
yes
AHHHHHH A THRID DIMENSIONS
Not first
excited for the dream song mr wirtz
Yes
He's back!
Lol
when bill wurts posts, its the best day of the week.
such crisp vocals, i love it, it's like fresh air
Will burtz uploaded
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Yooo
ASSEMBLE BOIS- NEW BILL WURTZ VIDEO DROPPED-
This is like shitpost but without the shit
Oh my god hes alive
i’m just about to go to sleep… reckon i’d dream about this?
More 3D i love it
every month bill just gets better
Nice
Oh no he woke up in a mask
Good job Bill, keep up the good work.
Dang 69 likes already! JK  But great song man!
In conclusion, he woke up in a dream.
wake up new bill wurtz upload
my favourite bill is back
today just got better…
This is weirdly relatable
YOOOOOO POGGERS
Thank you bill
niceee
Third
YEEEEEEEES so glad to have a new song! really needed this, hope you are alright, Bill :D
Honey wake up new bill video
We miss you
lucid dream
Oh, new Bill video?? So it's gonna be a good day after all! :D
Love having him back
33rd
Now we are gaming
Yee
I love it already 🥺
Oh yay!  More Bill Wurtz!
I wish I was first
Today is gonna be a good day.
wake up babe new bill wurtz vid just dropped!
finally bill wurtz found his password
Why do people care about being first, it’s because they wanna be purposely looked at.
Covid
He's back!
Cranking this one up
THE MAN IS BACK OH EM GEE
Never liked a video so fast
omg an upload time for some more lsd music woooo  edit: today i woke up.
Blind people, watching this:
its been 5 months since you posted bill.
Heck yeah
this is a banger
Dream be like: WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN!!
Our overlord has returned
Damn the legend back with another banger!!!
HE'S BACK
5 mil subs
He's back!! 🔥
This is beautiful
HOLY SHIT HONEY WAKE UP NEW BILL WURTZ VID JUST DROPPED
Watching Bill’s videos always feel like dreaming
I opened YouTube and this automatically opened
I can't think of anything interesting to say
dream face reveal???
Yo first, probably not tho
Hello
Hell yeah
Third
Yooo
OMG HES BACK
Heck yeah he’s back!!!
When the world needed him most, he delivered with a brand new song
Oh hi!
hey bill
Bill in 3d is strange enough, 4d is gonna be real odd
he's back!! yes ^u^
YES LETS GO BILL YOURE AMAZING
He's back let's gooo
BILL WURTZ POST GET UP
Woooooo we love you bill
Well this was a welcome surprise
Vibez
I love you so much
Banger
I'm sick rn and seeing a bill wurtz upload made my day :') /pos
it’s a good day when bill uploads
YOU'RE BACK...YOU'RE FINALLY BACK, MY GUY...
The legend is back
Rarely do I actually see the noti for a bill video
I have 12 small indonesian children in my basement
WOOOOO HE'S BACK
Blessed content
It’s more than a dream… it’s a new Bill Wurtz song
Quarantine:
Yay :3
Second. Or am I penultimate?
!
Omg, I clicked so fast
<3
Welcome back 🙏
Thanks bill, very cool
YES KING!!!!
When the world needed him, he came back.
whats up this shit is gonna slap i already know
Never been this early. ONLY FOR YOU BILLY BOY
LETS GOO
Yay he uploaded again!
it's a nightmare
WOAAHHH
One of the first viewers
YES BILL
It's always a good day when he uploads
Stewie
OH HELLO THERE! I’M DREAMING THAT I’M LISTENING TO A SONG ABOUT A DREAM
HOLY SHIT HE IS BACK
waiting for this to be recommended to me in 5 years
wooAAAH NEW BILL WURTZ SONG
THE LEGEND IS BACK ONCE AGAIN!
THE KING IS BACKKKKKKKK 👑
Omg the legend posted
HOLY CRAP HES 3D
hell yeah
GOD
hi bill
Screw saying the first thing the legend is back
Hoooooly shiiit hes back again again!
Hate when that happens
new bill wurtz drop 😳
Once again we've been blessed
I've been waiting my whole life for the moment that this man uploads again
Woo! New Bill Wurtz!
He’s back :)
First
“The return of the king I guess”
This feels like Technoblade uploaded
rad
HE'S BACK!!!
Yessssssss
I was literally watching him yesterday thinking he hadn’t uploaded in a while wtf
I've never been so early
Impossible...
poggers
Not first but early gang rise up
the absolute joy i am filled with when bill wurtz uploads is immeasurable
Animation is really good
Yes.
KING
i have never clicked on a notification so fast
OMG THE LEGANDD HAS POSTEDDDD!!!
the legend has returned
Nice
Comment
and they said he was gone
The randomness is back
HE’S BACK AGAIN
Love to see it
DADDY IS HOME
HES BACK?
i love you Bill
Posted 14 seconds ago. Already 100 likes
A new video? Oh yes, much more than a dream!
Yoooo
13 seconds and 14 likes and 2 comments
Second
Finally! The master returns
BILL
THE MAN HIMSELF.
yeah
another amazing post from bill wurtz and his vocal chords
YES
YES WE NEED MORE
not first
Hello bill
Legend posted
Speed
Bill has just got a way with words
He is back!!
Hope everyone reading this is having a good day.
feel more than a dream
I was just watching you the other day
Nice
First
He’s back, the legend is back!
*excuse me what the fuck*
3D effects on point
*RETURN OF THE KING*
Claim your I was here in an hour ticket
lesssssss gooooooooo
OH YES
wow bill wurtz update
LOOK WHO IT IS
Bill you're a dream ❤️
He did it
HE’S BACK!
He's back!
yayyyy
A banger
Bogos binted
holy crap bill wurtz uploaded ok guys see you all next year
Согласны? Узнали?
Is this real?!
Possibly.. a nightmare?
"normal"
After a lot of years, he came again with this masterpiece
YOUVE IMPROVED SO MUCH BILL GREAT WORK ONCE AGAIN!
Early to a post finally you uploaded
yeeeeeeees so excited ur back bro
guys there can't be 3 first comments
We missed you Bill so so much
First
Our king returns
This aesthetic he has created is absolutely  *yes*
Finally, the legend is back!
Lol nice vid
Dream about the things I dream
the return of the king!!
I'm crying and pissing and shitting and getting sick this is so beautiful
second gang
Yay he upload a video finally
Awesome
a bill wurtz notification is an instant dopamine hit
*The return of the king*
Omg they posted
It’s a dream seeing bill fucking return
Hey its been awhile.
Back at it again!
NEW UPLOADDDD YEEYEYEYYSYSYEYSYYSYE
3D man pog
BILL WURTZ POST THIS IS NOT A DRILL
he has returned. again.
E
nice
Ok Wait you're alive
Return of the king
He is back
As always Bill coming back with another masterpiece after I've had one of the worst days
Commie approved Keep up the good work man
Masterwork
The Frank Zappa of this generation.
Eyyyy he’s back!!!!
Sweet! A new vid! :D
HE UPLOADED?
TRANS BILL WURTZ!? 0:03
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hehe nice
Just as I was gonna go to sleep lol
Love you man
DREAMS
Everyone can’t be forst
ah yes, another blessing from the king
bill wurtz uploading is a dream come true
I woke up and wanted to have more dreams than my usual
Ayyy first let's go!!☆ good to see your videos again!☆☆
I’ve not a clue why I clicked but this song’s a bop
Thats a very nice dream
Damn bill
Did you guys know he dreamed?
W
There is more to life than life
nice
OOOO
The lord has blessed us once more with another song
Qyyy
Glad to see bill making more 3-D stuff!
Any day Bill Wurtz is a great day
AYO HES BACK WITH MORE BANGERS
Yummy is is sooo good yes use ysyegegsydydhsndnt
THE WURTZINATOR WHEN WE MOST NEEDED HIM!
Oh my god
The legend is back!
The king returns
HES BACK BOIS
THE CHAD HAS UPLOADED
Get your tickets herr boisss
like for toast  😀
E
Love it! Great just as always
Yo he’s back
Bill Wurtz is back!
The return of the king
The hiatus has ended at last
Not first but 6th
C  U B E MAN HAS FUNNY HAT
Dam i missed first
Not first.
:DD
I DONT BELIEVE IT. He is a perfect example of needing a break every once in a while, he uploads when he feels like it, not being “forced” to upload.
BILL WURTZ UPLOAD !!!!
the king returns with another banger
HE HAS RETURNED
I think he had a dream
ooh
YOO
One of the first
Thought it was a dream, but yeah new vid :0
Bill is back boys
The legend is back!
Oh my god I'm early--- and in a math class
And just like that, he returns...
Ah yes, dreams
Whooooooooooooo
lol
1 SECOND 1000 COMMENTS
Bill wurts glad to see you again
Already a banger 10 seconds in
The legend has returned
Same
BRO
He uploaded!
Cool
I’m here
Your uploading date is so random what
nice
BILL OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR
He returns once again
bill wurtz my beloved
Finally
HES BACK!
Me too man
BANGER ALERT
Man
bonjour
HE IS BACK
New bill wurtz vid :)
Yaaaaaaaay new upload
Yooo
wake up babe, new bill wurtz video
THE KING IS BACK
Miss you bill
His videos are concerning but…  Interesting
Finally
When we needed him the most...     Wait what the hell he actually returned???
Can u make a history video in the form of a colourful music video pls
My favorit youtuber strikes again
Always a very good day when bill uploads
And he’s backk! I love you man
YES HE RETURNS
Poetry
HE HAS RISEN
Return of the King (again)
Whoooooo
WAKE UP BABY BILL DROPPED A NEW BANGER
HOLY CRAP
Dream.
Already prepared for an absolute banger
gamer moment
HES BACK
NO WAY HE POSTED
Oh snap, more great content!
I DIDNT KNOW I NEEDED THIS MAN TO UPLOAD TODAY
Oh shit he's back
BILL
Claim your here within 5 minutes token here
procrastinating rn
Dnf
I dream about the things I dream too
Everybody shut up, Bill Wurtz just posted!
the man is back
dreams
yes. No? I don't wanna sleep. Can I go home ?
Alright, videos over. Time to go back to the cage bill.
Omg I’ve been waiting
He strikes again with an absolute banger
Zzzzzzzz
YESSSS!!!! 😭😭😭 MISSING YOUR CONTENT SO MUCH
HELL YEAH NEW BILL VIDEO
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED!
Heat
Welcome back Bill
YESS
Aye he’s back from the dead again let’s gooo
IM HERE FOR IIIIIT!
Let's go
Bill
Me when I woke up
Not first
HES BACK
forsenCD
Finally!!
The king has returned
I agree
Firstttt
new video letss gooooo one of my favourite youtubers
My guy finally posted 🥲🥲👏👏👏👏
No
Let’s go he uploaded
School by nirvana is pretty cool
He uploads still
King is back
He has spoken🙏
I hate it when the dream is the thing that happens when my eyes are open
Oh hey he posted again nice !
Damn, I’m second.
HES BACK
WhT
i haven’t even finished the video yet but this video is amazing yall just trust me
Clicked so fast
HE'S ALIVE?
oooooohohohohohohohohihoho
dreams are pretty cool
OH HE’S BACK!!
the king has once again returned
Pog
The lord sends another message
Well, today just got 100x better
Hi bill... :))
YOURE BACK
I love this too much
HES BACK 💃💃💃
Not first
How exciting
BILL IS BACK LETS GOOOOOO
And he's back once again, thank you magic man 👍
Firstn't
BILL
Again I woke to yesterday
BILLY! YOU’RE INCREDIBLE!
Heyy heyy i love your vids💕
new bill wurtz LETS FUCKING GGOOOOOOOO
Pog
This is so awesome
WHAT
101st
yo let’s go
Twelfth
HOLY FUCKING SHIT BILL WURTZ UPLOAD
Bendy Boy In A Box
He's back
Yay
Hell yes
The return of the king
We need more history of you owo
Fuck yeah
Less goooo
wake up honey new bill wurtz just dropped
Wow, been a while huh
reality
Bill Wurtz at it again
I'm creative :)
Sic
You're back.
Am I dreaming
BILL :DDD
a dream
He’s back
OMGGG FINALLY
Welcome back king
Hihihihiih
Hii
ayooooooOOoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FINALLY thank you :)
Third
Yes a bill wurtz upload 😀
*The legend is back.*
Nice
This is so looks so cool with those floating circles
Finallyyy a new videoooo
Omg your back
He's here!
Hi
Neat 🤙
Based af
Third
Nice
Return of the king
Lesgooo, we missed youu
HOLY SHIT YOU ARE BACK
First
Bill Wurtz is back POG
When the world needed him most, he returned
When the world needed him most, he came back
WAKE UP BABE BILL WURTZ POSTED
THE RETURN OF THE KING
then, bill wurtz came back to make people’s dreams come true  edit: bill wurtz is amazing
the return of the king
Third
HES BACK AGAIN BOOOYS
First
Love this guy
HES BACK
He’s back
New Wurtz is a DREAM
yooo they're b a c k hell yeah
Been waiting for another one
Yyyyyeeee
hi billiam
And just like that, today is a good day
What a nice day 🌞👍
He's back!!!!
The return of the king
SO YOU ARE ALIVE ❤️
90th
Fanst
Very nice music as always, bill
Yes
no way 2nd
Return of the king
BILLLLLLLL HE IS BACKKKKK!!!!!
And just like that he returned
a masterpiece
Wtf dude!!
LETS FUCKING GOO
same
*First* " _question mark_ "
king 👑
Bill Wurtz update?? This feels like more than dream, truly <3
First?
But it is a dream everytime you post Mr. wurtz
it is here.
fourth lol
He’s back :D
Cool
Thank you
Always stop everything for bill
alright, see yaw in another 6 months.
1st
Third
I am happy when he posts
IVE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FINALLY
Oh wow
Wait
And he returns!
HII
He came back!
Finally
YOOOOOO LETS GO BILL POSTED
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Epic
Hello
Is this a dream, or is it an actual Bill Wurtz video
Bill is still here💪💪💪
Pog
I THOUGHT HE ABANDONED US AGAIN
why r so many people first
THE KING IS BACK
NEW UPLOAD YESSSSSS
Missed you jack
What
return of the kind baby yeee
MY MAN IS BACK
Sick
If you say first your gay
HES BACK HES BACK HES BACK HES BACK HES BACK HES BACK
1 view baby!
Dream
THE KING IS BACK
I'm first!
3d wooahhh
ive never clicked on a notification faster
New bill wurtz video babe
Nice
HE'S BACK?!
Never pressed a notif so quick
OMG HE’S BACK WITH ANOTHER BANGER
Our king has returned 👑
third, amogus
🗣🙌🏼💯
Honey get up new bill wurtz dropped
First
He's back again!
Ayoo cool song
Your real good
BILLLLLLLL
YAYYY
BIILLLLLL
Last
The man the myth the legend has returned. What a day!!!!!!!
LETS GOOO
Imagine waking up in a dream….
pog
LETS GOOOOO
epik
Second
Numberth
Billlllll!!!!!!!!
This is nice Mr. Wurtz.
First
Eleventeenth
Let's go! The king is back
early gang 💦
Yay
Yay
hi
Life
When the world needed him most he came back
Omg he posted
Nice he posted
Love you Bill!
YO UR BACK LETS GO
More than a Dream :O
What the new history gonna do
SO GOOD! love your work man keep it up!!
like 113th probably idk
hahahah first
He's back!
HES ALIVE EVERYBODY!!!!!
WOO
I was just thinking about you Bill
i needed this today
Omg
The Sleeper Has Awoken
HI BILL WURTZ YOU ARE HIP
babe wake up new bill wurtz video
He woke up
Always good when Bill posts
Early
He’s Still Hereeeee!!!!
YOURE BACK AGAIN
Hes back
Wow that was really cool
Return of the king
I love this channel and you :)
aw hell yeah
let’s goo
Yay
HES BACK
69 likes
i needed this
WOKE UP!!
Hi Bill!!!!
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED!
I like ur vids
My man Came back!!!
I OPENED THE COMMENTS AND SAW LIKE 20 FIRSTS
he woke up today in a dream 😯
I had a dream where bill wurtz would upload title is accurate
Beautiful
Billllllllllll he is back
Yes.
omg finally
Hiii
Omg he is back
HE POSTED YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYRRY
LETS GOO
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Æ
Cool story bill
LETS GOOOOO
I was never so early what-
1 view aaa
YAY HE’S BACK LIFE IS COMPLETE!
Yooooo
BILL UPLOADED WHAT A GREAT DAY THIS IS
BILL WURTZ?????
The legend is back!
He wake up
NEW FUCKING BILL WURTZ PEOPLE
Damn, it's inception
The king has returned 👑
What a nice thumbnail
The man the myth the legend is back
Mamma mia!
Swag
YES AN UPLOAD
HE'S BACK
So cool! Also, third lmao
It’s just a dream bill is not here guys
This is the song that my last brain cells sings everytime i wake up
Second love u
Yes
another upload?? I guess it's time to wake up
I came running
he’s baaaaaaaccckkkkkkk
A legend is back!
dang
My boi!! I've missed you so much 😍😍😍
I like dreams
I WAS FIRST
AHHHHHH
BILLY BOI
Hey the legend is back
Sick 😎
Holy fuck the best day of the week is here
Hi
Damn
Love it
let’s goooo
The king returns
Legendary when he posts
impressive
Bill
He’s back!!
WOOOOO
I’m so fucking early
OMG ITS HIM ITS REALLY FUCKING HIM
Woo wee is this another song? WHERES THE MOON (or the subscribe button?)
Me when I wake up
Second
Dreams but awake?
Now this is epic
the legend is back
He woke up in a box dream
He did the thing!
HE’S BACK
wake up everyone new bill wurtz video
the boy is back <3
Dream
first
what an amazing day after my birthday gift <3
Shut up dont even say first
Second
Heck yeah
17 secs
Hey you came back
He’s back!!
Hi 👋
More than a dream. A reality
ok
Third comment👌👌
bill.
he is back again!!
He’s back
New bill upload lets go
HES BACK PEOPLE
HE'S ALIVE!!!
vouch
Mmmmmmmm
Eita, nice to see you alive
Second
SECOND ON A BILL WURTZ VIDEO HOLY SHIT
He uploaded?!
HAI BAE
Holy cow another vid!
AYO BILL WURTZ IS BACK AGAIN
straight bop
Wow
Let’s go
Dream?
I never clicked faster welcome back 👑 king 👑
Less than a nightmare
Hi
Second
Yes! Makes me so happy
WAIT YOU CAME BACK???
Noice
LETS GO is it on Spotify
YEAAAAHH
Les go
Yeahhhh!!!!!!!
Yaaaay
living the dream
THE MAN… THE MYTH… THE LEGEND!!!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Were back baby!
Hey wait more?
OH SHIT
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! HE’S BACK!
Yes
The king returns
Wtf
WOOOOOOO
Finally after 5 months of waiting
Wow
YOOOO
Nice
pretty poggers
THE KING IS BACK
My god i love you Bill
Yes
I’m a person.
Holy shit he’s alive
It’s a dream that Bill posted
Nice
He back so cool
AYEEEE
oh my god it’s billiam wurtz
Hell Yeah
beans
HES BACK BOYSSSS
wake up babe new bill wurtz video
The legend is back again.
THE KING IS BACK
HI BILL!!!
woah
AYYYYYY
The king has returned... Is this more than a dream?
He is here again
Nice
Erster
Here he comes once more, he's back
GOD
Return of the king
omg im early
Hi
YOOO he back
Finally a bill wurtz video
Dream SMP XD 😂
Ayyyy let’s gooo
LETS GO
YOU'RE BACK !!!!!!
THE LEGEND RETURNS
Butiful
THE KING IS BACK
Monke in you
Nice
Secon
HE IS BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love being early
Let's go
The King is back.
AYOOO hes BACK
More 3D models I see
he's home!!
Hellooooo
Hi bill :3
HERE HE IS
See you next year lads
yesss
Never clicked so fast in my life
second
ANOTHER ONE
Hello again, friend.
I’m early! YES
Yes
15th
Babe wake up bill wurtz posted
Second fuc
He is back!
ONG he is back
Bill wurtz new video pog
First
The king is back once again
This must be a dream
Hello agin bro
nice
YEAHH NEW VID LETS GOOOOO
Heyyyy
omg
Clicked so fast
New Bill Wurtz video woooo
He’s back
BILLYY
Oh man this is the wurtz timing
A new Bill Wurtz video? I must be dreaming...
Second
Yearly bill wurtz post
LETS GOOOOO
Dream on brother ❤️
HE'S BACK
The king has returned
So beautiful
Third
I love you
Second
Damn you're back dude
Great day when Bill posts
he’s back!!!
Today I woke up in the world
hi
epic
5th
Babe wake up, new bill wurst video
im here
Heck yes
simply simply lovely
First! :D
Dream
The king returns
a There's already 4.5k comments lol
BACK WITH MORE GREATNESS
Nice
Second
The legend itself
first
Dipe
*c o o l*
oh ok
I was just thinking about you, bill!
!
HE IS ALIVE
He’s back again
WOOOOOOO
yo!
NEW VIDEO WHAT?
YOOOOO
🍱
Impossible.
We back baby
sleeping is more than a dream, its sleeping
OMG
🎉
AHHHHHH BILL I MISSED YOU
BILLY
3rd
Lol
I'm here
The man! He’s back! The boy!
It’s a good day and it’s not a dream
FiRsT
Yeaaaah
Lol
I LOVE YOU PLEASE RESPOND
Not first
YOOOOOOOOO
this is what we all have waited for
Lol new vid
Third
prolly not first. missed ya dude.
First
THE LENGEND IS BACK
OH MY FREAKING GOD HI
YOOOOO
yay new video
HE RETURNETH
Nice
yay
Third I guess
billothy wurtzel
Wow
oh my god
Pog
Omg it’s bill
Lol
He’s back!
3rd
NOT FIRST
I can’t believe it
hgggdf
Dream
Nebraska
First
Yes
love this song bill!! absolutely amazing!! My gf cheated on me
Second
Woooooo!!!!!
Yes
Ooga booga
yo
hey he’s back
BILLWHAT BILL WHYA
Les goo another vid
Good lord this man
Lol
The billy man is back
HES BACK!!!!
YO HES BACKK
🙂
Hello
BILL HOLY SHIT
U still live!
Nice
BILL IS STILL HERE!!!!
:o our lord and savior is back!
E
Wow! <3
FINALLY THE KING IS BACK 👑
Yey
First
he's back once again
the legend returns
the return of the king 2
Yo
True
YOOOO
HES BACK
Dream
woah
Mmm yes
AAAAAA BILLL WURTZ
5th
WILLIAM WURTZ
bill 😱
hi
Wow
I thought u were dead
He returns!!!
OMg
Holy shit
The legend is here!
Holy Moly New Bill Wurtz video
E
Hey bb
Third
not first
YES
a
did you just finally upload?
What
Thrid
Bonk
First.!
wonderful
THE KING IS BACK
Lmao
He’s still here!!!
3rd
Wtf
YASSS
YOOOOOOOO
Yoooo!
YESSSS
NO WAYYYYYY
YEEEEEDSSSSS!!!!!
It wasn’t a dream
Second
The legend is back
OMG
The return of the king.
The king returned
pog
it was more than a dream?
YES
hi
HES BACK
Yay he's back
The king has returned
NOT FIRST
This is what I needed today
tird
NEW SONG
he’s back? 😨
Swag
He back
omg
Love this lol
Wow
z
Cool
Hi
Yes!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOO
UR BACKKKKKKKKKK
BILL!
AAAAAA HES BACK LETS GOOO AHAFAJFSAJ
YOOOOOO
Yo wtf
HE HAST RETURNED AGAIN!
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. Ding  A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. Ding  Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, ding
LETS GOOO
First
new bill wurtz?
WOWOOWOWOW YESSS
Hes back!
Yooooooo
Amog
First
Never clicked so fast in my existence
Oh shit
A dream
Finally
Will burtz uploaded let’s go
Omg he’s back yay
LET GOO A VIDEO
Woo!
Bill!!
omg
The bill is real again
Yooooo
He's back
like the green minecraft guy?
Five Thousandth
Second
OH SHIT
BILL WURTZ!
Third
poggers
HES BACK
Hey
Holy shit the king has returned
OMGOMGOMGOGMGLMGKO YESSSS
HE HAS RETURNED
Omg
OMG HE’S BACK!!!
Second
The king is back
NO WAY
The return of the king
Damn bro, same
oh wow bill wurtz
NICE
Yes!!!
First
BILL!
Woah
Hell yeah
Wow
hi bill
this song is yes.
8th
obrigado
YOoo, new video
Thanks Bill
Was not expecting this but ok
Bill!!!!!
Omg the return of the king
u already know i’m here
HES BACK
HIS RETURN (also first)
Daddy bill hi
!!!!!!!!!!
THE MAN IS BACK
The man
Hi
Wow cool vid dude
Sleep
GUYS HES BACK
yay
æ
Not first but made it
Holy shit
Based
HE IS BACK
lets goooooo
YES
Nice!
Bill
GOD
OMG HES BACK
second
Hello Bill
He's back!
YAY
Welcome back
cool
wo
The legend has returned
The Big Bill is back
Milk
YOO
Pog
oh hey there
Poggers
Hell yeah
Me too bill
He uploaded and the song is a bop
HE BACK?!
good:)
He's back!
He's back
YOOO
Yes!
Deez
Yey
oh?
Hello there
yes
3rd
Finally
Amazing
he’s fucking back
There are like 50 first lol
E p i c
Same
He's back
Nice
Yea Sure.
SECOND
Bill
Dream refernce
oh hey bill
HE CAME BACK BOIS
today i woke up to a bill wurtz video
huh
bill
third
3rd
Omg
First pin me or shout out?
king
Not first
he
He's backkk
oh shit its you
no way..
IT'S TIME
He back
BLESSED DAY
Super early
Return of the king
:0
!!
Ayyy
Hes back!!!!
Him
Pain
Pin this comment
yooo
Hello
:]
we love a bill wurtz post
YESSS
Let's GOOOO
Fire
nice
he back
Poggggg champ  Let's gooooooooo  Edit: I didn't want my comment to be complete cancer. Welcome back, Princess Wurtz ❤️
Yup
YOOO WSP
Hi
FIRST
Hi Hi
The king is back
YOOO
Nice Bill
YEAAAA
Lets go
Cool
YES
YOOOOOOO
Let’s go boys
NO WAY
BILLLLLLL
IH NY GOODBESS
Seccond
bill wurtz
This is the return of the king
OH LAWD HE DREAMING!! 🌅
First?  Edit : Nope not even close. 196th. Yeah I actually counted
How
Dream
YEAH
Yep
Ok
EARLYYY
LETS GOOO
Number.
The king is back!!!
HE UPLOADED
LETS FREAKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Cool
incredible
We love you Bill.
:o
YEAHHHHG
Hey you're back
BILL!
Second
Love it
I am so happy
Yooo bill
Third
Yo
dream
Woah there
YOOOO
Hello bill
Oh okay hi
am i dreaming?
rat
hi bill
Yes
He’s back
Pog
bill
Nice
Dope
Video
:D
Whoa
More than a dream.
YES!!!
OMG
hi
yes
ßruh
Pog
Te
HES BACK
He is back bois
Dad
nice
LEGEND
YES
Nice
Nice
Y E S
He’s back
Here
Oh shit
YO HE BACK
My name is Brian
Hello!
Nice beat mate
Hi
YOOOO
Second
Yooo
HI Edit: I am so early lel first 2 min
Second
E
Yes
Woooo
HES BACK
not first
Hallelujah
I see bill I click
Bill
HE UPLOADED
Yes
First
Nice
Hi
Yey
YES BILL WURTZ
bals
NEW VID
Yo
luv u bill <3
Hi
yes
BILL
Early
Hi
Hey
Yes yes yes yes
OWAA
HE'S BACK
OMG HES BACK
WOAH
First
what
Hi
Real
E
He has posted.
Pog he uploaded
First OR NO im 3nd
Ok
Yes
ayo
Yes
HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!
He's alive
Early
Wow
LETS GOO
Nice
Omg hi
yerrrrrrssss
Yea I get that
Pog
AYO?
Yay
Second!
woa
Nice song bro 😃👍
E
I see
Omh
Hi
q pro
First
Someone's been reading his Sartre
Yaaaa
omg a post
Yes
Oh yeah
I was here
LETS GOOOOO
Omagod
AAA
FINALLY HE DIDNT DIE
absolute bop!
.
hi
dreaming
8th!!!!
Hu
YOOOOO
ok and
Ok
Stop
YOOO
YOOOOOO
YES
D
He returns
Oh yeah
Bitcoin
Welcome
Second
Yo
MORE THAN A DREAM  (First)
Third
First
First
