Top 10 Abandoned Montana City!
Simply fantastic😅
Whoops. Looks like you accidentally created California.
mayors take note
POV Sweden
No Brasil essa cidade chamaria Taxad
No need for experiments. Just come to Brazil.
Every Third World Country:
I find it funny that simcity thinks 20% is the max a gov would go, when i live in a place where a 20% tax rate would be seen as a tax reduction 😆 i must laugh or i would cry
Well, just max the taxes of agriculture and dirty industry.
you need more job for residents
The true California dream(ing)
😂😂😂😂😂
You have to raise taxes slowly after people start making money.
ILLEGALIZE GAMBLING!!!!!!
seeing the max tax being 20%...? where i live its like 45% T_T
Politician simulator
No one lived there... oh they lived there alright. No houses, just factory dorms.
welcome to brazil
9:30 So this is how Las Vegas started out
These were the narratives going on in my head when I did this when I was five
Sounds like Turkey
Sooo you basically created Norway?
13% is the most I could get
LOL he designed Germany
Sweden has 30 percentage taxes
so this map is just America ?
This is just Canada
Did anyone else see the title and think "wasnt it like 12% before demand crashed?"
It's insane to imagine this game says 20% is absurd. That 20% will cause all people to leave your city eventually and that it's the "Max" tax possible. While I sit here in Sweden with 33% tax and I am happy.
Max tax city? Really? It is a real city, sorry a whole country, called Hungary😂😂😂😂
Great video
Edged?🤨
literally 1984❗❗
The answer to your first question: anything more than 5% total.
Now this is how sim city was meant to be played
Sweden simulation
Brazil at 28% IRL, all going to corruption this video was painful to watch
absolutely love the conclusion. i think the CCP has come to the exact same conclusion too.
congratulations you created Detroit
God I would give a left testicle to pay as low as 20% taxes.
0:40 holy shit you made Minneapolis
Hey, it's my country! Brazil!
So.. Brazil simulator
The smallest city possible being a piece of unconnected road which is right on the border of another area, whose sole purpose is seemingly letting out of towners gamble, is beautiful.
Holy epilepsy warning
keep the heavily industrialized city with its money and income and try to transfer the money to the neighboring cities, but there won't be any direct ways to do so... Maybe buying clean water from them for example.
In Denmark we have like a 40% tax and I couldnt be more happy to live here lol
Megacity would be incomplete without judge Dredd
AHHHHH TURKIYE SIM
Haddad tentando estudar com esse video
turkey
Max tax city? What is this? Brazil?
Democrat playbook
Pollution leaving the map off the side? That's how it works in real life. Who knew all you need was to enslave the poor people to pay  for rich people to live?
Babe wake up, new gentrification tutorial just dropped!!
Someone already did this. It's called "any city in california"
3:19 just like San Francisco
This must be Finland
You should name the city Kenya. It'd be lore accurate
maxtac? like cyberpunk
China
I love how this went from Pasadena to Dubai to San Francisco to LA 50 years in the future
A maximum tax of 20% should be international law!   Greece has 24% VAT, and it's even worse for the self-employed.
Literally California except there's high employment here
Quick, someone needs to send this video to the NY government, because they have clearly not played this simulation and are still pikachu face over their millionaires moving to Florida and their corproations moving to Texas.
Holy epilepsy at the start
Finland Simulator 2024
ah yes, the spain and portugal border.
He created china
Max tax city? You mean Buenos Aires
If I could pay no income taxes, id live in a DMZ.
Never thought brute forcing was a thing in economies
you discovered california
Quatar the Video
"Do we want to move to City A or City B?" "What are the taxes?" "City A has 9.3% and City B has 9.4%" "Who would ever want to live in City B? Anyways, City A sounds great!"
Sim city wasn't made for you
Lol,  you get a game over and get the prompt, "run for senator"
This was the weirdest China any % I've ever watched
Bruh created a good way to farm tho
Wow, he made 19th century birmingham
Of course the rich left, they can afford to
01:52 that is actually quite lik real life.
You’re mad 😀
3:12 going for the California strategy I see
Ah, the San Francisco experience.
Nothing is perfect. Any utopia means a perfect society let me remind you nothing is perfect.
This is Dubai history.
This is no Tax Haven, this is a tax prison
GD poor and stupid people
Play simcity4 again! But this time, I want to see a well balanced and artistically integral city, starting with a half circle of road and half circle of street in a 2x2 square. Your perfectly balanced city will branch out around there. I'll make one too since i'm playing this a lot right now!
0:06 simple: any at all. Reasonable answer.
The flashing at about 15 seconds in hurts and likely is epilepsy triggering, should probably edit in a warning and a skip time for that.
Holy shit i am actually paying more taxes than this game
Imagine living in Germany, where we pay 50 % tax.
Taxation is theft. There's your answer.
"Hey, I've been looking for a really good job lately but I don't have a College education. Where should I go?" "Just go to Max Tax City. I heard they don't even require you to be able to read in order to do their jobs. It's said that they even give you free hazmat suits, what with the acidic rain and the nonexistent ozone layer above it." "Nah, that's just a rumor. They don't even have breathable air for free, you think they'd give you a whole hazmat suit?"
"They'd rather live in a nuclear exclusion zone if it meant paying no taxes." I have never heard a quote to more perfectly sum up an American Boomer than that. 😂😂😂
Current brasilian government be like:
Wait... You just made new york....
Nice work recreating san Francisco
Brazil lore
Poor people can't pay taxes while rich people don't want to pay taxes.  It is way too much somalians to give to the government.
i wish my taxes were 20% its freaaakinnn 50% here!
Littrarly just sweden
This is literally the story of California lmao
This is what the neo liberals in the U.S. want for China.
Bro they get so mad and leave at 20% tax, our country has a 20% sales tax and 18% income tax 😭😭
Your advisors are happy because they have nothing to do. No sims XD
This is how you know Sim City was made by Americans.
When I was a kid, every time I raise tax in any Sim City game by a *little* bit, the ingame advisors/news ticker says people disliked/hated/raged about it and my anxiety puts the taxes back to the minimum.
You got start low then raise the Taxs when they all move in brk
20% tax is actually lower than the tax on most countries...  IRL, people will be really happy at 20% tax, its sims that are too spoilt...
I remember playing SimCity on my Nintendo DS as a kid many years ago. From what I remember, taxes were collected at the end of every year. So on the last day of every year right before everyone paid their taxes, I would maximize the tax. Then on the first day of the year after everyone paid maximum tax, I would decrease it again. There’s a chance I am remembering it wrong, but I know I did something like that, it’s just been so long since.
average southern californian
It's almost like the idea "Tax the Rich!!!" won't work... DUH!
I think the final iteration was just SFO/oakland
I'm just picturing a dozen people playing a game of dice and chance on that single square of road where gambling is legal.
Welcome to Slovakia where you have 20% tax on everything ...
Welcome to Brazil
Simply the best storyteller and game player on YT. I could listen to AA talk about the philosophical woes of gaming forever too damn long.
When 20% tax is the absolute max the game allows, and it's not even close to the taxes I pay. Hmm.
This takes 'maxi taxi' to a whole new level
feels like germany
Would you do a challenge where you have to keep funding as low as possible for the entire time in cities skylines?
20% is very low for a Swedish person, our taxes are around 50% and we dont really care much
You almost came close to Portuguese taxes! Hahaha
Bro just built la
Give Tax a Chance!
Well.. that simulated reality a little too well O.O haha
L.A.
20 Percent tax isnt that high though
this video could also be named "how it feels to live in america"
Dubai basically
“Rich people don’t pay taxes” man this game is so realistic 😂
Bro created argentina 💀
Ah Yes new york
This is not max tax , this is turkey simulation.
Even video games know rich people don't pay taxes 😂😂
america simulator 💀
If one of the power plants had a meltdown would it be a chain reaction if that did happen that town would be the most radioactive place on Earth
Everything above $0 is too much
Argentina Simulator
As a Belgian being taxed at 56 % on my wages, i can  confirm the rug pull works 👍
"What if there was some other way, a way to start out slow, with false expectations, and then slowly rug-pull my entire population by gradually taxing the hell out of them?" - The state of California
buddy, try skid cities. it's fun. you'll enjoy it.
Man this is so deep.
“That’s right! I killed of the... uhh...”  The video should have just cut to black there.
This hurt watching knowing i pay 40% tax in real life 😂
"No taxation without representation" says a taxion "what do you want me to im a fucking turtle" says ambiguousamfebian
"Rich people don't pay taxes," and here I thought videogames were all fictional
Man just made LA
Step 1: Tax the rich! Step 2: 11:16 Step 3: **Surprised Pikachu face**
So this proves the rich literally will not pay taxes
Shouldve just cut out the middle man, and called it California
I heard max tac and my mind went to cyberpunk police brutality. Not economic brutality
Hey….you just blow in from Stupid Town???
If you build it, noone will come
1:00 in italy taxes are quite high, 22%. So I wouldn't really mind 20%
I'm really hopeful that there's a VOD longform version of this video, cause I bet it's a fun ride. I love your shortform humor, but the minute by minute is a real trip.
4:12 veags be like
Yeah but what if you just commit tax evasion?
So you just kind of made silicon valley
loved it!
It´s so wild that the games maximum tax is 20% - I´m from Denmark and I pay 38%
Conveniently enough, this method is often described as "Frog in boiling water". If you try to put a frog in boiling water, it'll fight and fight to not go in. If you put the frog in comfortable water and gradually raise the heat though, by the time it realizes its in danger it'll already be too late. Get in the pot, Mr. AmbiguousAmphibian.
average Scandinavian country:
Lol, American democrat policy simulator.
Ya know what's funny, a max tax rate wouldn't be communist.
take me down to the max tax city where the price is too high and the sights ain't pretty
we have 27 percent. f the goverment.
He's built an accurate representation of Canada.
This is basically what industrial cities were and eventually became.
2:45 good job on perfectly describing the United States
Oh my god. The sarcasm in this made me giggle.
These videos always turn so hard into the dark lol
i did the exact opposite the only times I played simcity. I was about 8 years old playing simcity 2000, didn't have any idea what the point of taxes were i just knew my parents didn't like them, and since my parents didn't like them i set all taxes to 0%, maxed out the loans building the city up, never could figure out how to get more money and would inevitably get frustrated and unless all the natural disasters.
too real
2:59 Dude, I have been playing this game since it first came out and have NEVER seen this screen!
Basically he’s trying to portray America. Overtime, the country that was formed simply to rid them selves from idiotic taxes and controlling government, slowly began implementing their own taxes and continuously raise them. Now the American citizens are one of the most taxed people in the world with politicians trying to insert more taxes while rebuke those who disagree with them.
20 percent only? Laughs in Brazil's tax policies.
High taxation= leftism= slavery= socialism   This is why nations on the right build walls to keep people out whereas leftist nations build walls to keep people in.
Kalifornia is learning this lesson now.
dude became the 40k emperor and built the first hive city
Holy hell this is Argentina
The funny thing is 20% tax isn't even that big compared to some countries (like hungary with their insane 27% VAT)
This videos just ontario canada
Meanwhile in Australia I'm paying 40% tax
Pov : You live in France
"how much tax is too much?" any.
This sounds like the history of China in the 20th century
where I live gouvernement taxes is 15.4%. yes. I live at the place with the higher taxes in north america
basicaly germany
Would be fun to see this in cities skylines!
Sim city 4 still kicking the ass of everything that has tried to come after it
this is the funniest thing i've ever seen in my life, jesus fucking christ
YOU MADE FACTORIO DUDE
basically brazil
Like a turkiye
California
Bro just built dubai
20% income tax? How can I apply for a permanent residency?
Tax is too much tax. Taxation is theft
1:38 I saw “New Mayo” and thought it was me, but, I guess not.
It’s funny because 20% tax was considered ridiculously high back then. Now we’re paying 21% as the normal
You should call this city Canada
Laffer? I barely know 'er.
SlumCity
play city skylines and atleast try to make a city with no police fire nor meds
Detroit
America in a nutshell.
This video made me want to install simcity and play it once again
"20%", "too high". Mate, come to Germany.
So Scandinavia
LOL bro just remade California.
20% isn't even that much
Bro discovered how the real world works
Nothing attracts me to a city more than a name like MAX TAX CITY
Simmmmmm, sim city wasn’t made for you
How much tax is too much? Yes
"And I guess that the moral of the story is that, well, rich people don't pay taxes"  *curb your enthusiasm theme plays*
How to California 101
It's strange how every video he does like this actually has a real life parallel lol.
he making statements
Ok now do the No Tax City
Maxis? More like Taxis!
max tax in sim city is 20% while im paying a third of my check. i would move there in a heart beat
That is litterly how germans are feeling. 🫠
China be like =
so in the end you made china lol  a dirty dirty unhappy place
Say, anyone ever heard of ‘Love Canal’?
I remember finding out that if I waited until December, then hiked up all the taxes for the month, I'd make a crap-ton of money before I lowered them back down on January 1st.
Yet somehow Sweden exists. We broke all simulations.
AmphibuousAmbigian😳
I know you probably won't see this but I enjoy your videos 😊👍
Germany Simulator
Ahmm nice to know , the max.tax is 20% which,in my country slovakia , is normal , hurray
Literally just new york...
Well done, Mr AA: you just discovered the reason why Rome fell to ruin, and could not be resurrected until the 1800s!
really nailed it with this one, nice work
Bro simulated Brasil
"Tax the rich! Tax The Rich! TAX THE RICH! TAAAAXXX TTTHHHHEEEE RRRIIIICCCCHHHH!!!!!"
Feels like a re-tread.
Sounds like an accidental California simulator
China simulator
Beat me to it sigh. I wanna live in a maxtax world -w-
Could call the frog boil in water but the waters hot then you cool it off
Not going to lie this is what would most likely happen. The people that can afford to leave will. While the poor are stuck their. Sim city got it right.
Its a libertarian's nightmare
My man sketched out a demand curve
"If you build just a giant sweatshop and fill the whole land with factories... that's fine."   Congratulations! You got the factory worlds from Warhammer 40K!
Well this is depressingly realistic.
max tax of 20%? Ivory Coast - 60% Finland - 56.95% Japan - 55.97%
americans hate him
You just created Brazil
Turkey sim
5d ago
Run for senator right after you bankrupted the city, Sounds about right
As someone who repeatedly tried to make money *quickly* in SC4 instead of in any degree of rational balance, I wonder how fast one can gather money from an empty city with no neighbors.
Sim city wasn’t made for ya.
Best L.A.
He just created Florida
Man just created California and thought we wouldn’t notice.
Democrat’s dream city
MEGA CITY 1.
Wait... Rich people dont pay taxes?!?! *Pikachu shock face*
The high-tax, no-residents dirty industry city reminds me of Vernon, California, a city outside LA that has a population of 222 and is basically only oil refineries
I didn't know you were starting a career as a politician!
Why do you only play old games???
A study was actually done asking people how much they'd be willing to give.        They found that 17%, roughly, was the max that they could push, before folks started getting mad
I wanted to play this game again and got a bunch of graphical glitches. Bruh.
stinky taxes
Taxes are the devil.
Basically story of China
0:14 rip any epileptic person
I haven’t played or heard of just about every game you play on your channel. I absolutely love your content. Thanks man
Now everyone knows what living in Illinois is like.
Image living in Turkey which has %350 car taxes and %150 taxes on basic needs
Actually building california
Thr first failure of a city is where i live in real life. Highest taxes in Canada baby!!!
Loved this game when I was in college, too bad Sim City 5 wasn't as good.  Also, buildings like the stock exchange, expo center, Tv station, and other "gift" buildings you get at certain population/job thresholds will artificially raise demand.  Try unlocking those first, then restarting the city with them. You won't be able to go all the way to 20% tax, but you can go a lot higher than 9% once they are in your city (and functioning).
Is this an AI? Why does his voice sound different?
"how much tax is too much tax" any tax at all.
Man just made the entire lore of Bel Air
in belgium we have 48%
THIS IS how you suppossed to play a sandbox game, you are really my inspiration!
Too real
Still better than bernie madoff the first town , it didnt lose billions
This is the best California simulator I've ever seen
You're sounding more and more like a politician... except to them, the joke is on us and not digital citizens lol.
Lol, nice
Literally Scandinavia
Nothing to read into here folks move along
I’d sleep inside the Chernobyl exclusion zone and snuggle irradiated 3 headed bears to not pay taxes. Fuck taxes.
How is 20% maximum tax? I pay 30% irl.
Belgium simulator
this is unrealistic in türkiye we live with car taxes up to %200 (not even joking
Libertarians:  *dusts off shoulders* *clears throat* “REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE”
That’s just California or Vancouver if you’re in Canada
6:51 looks like he's holding up someone else's disembodied baby arms xD
So you built California, I see.
Taxes + child support got me feeling like the government took notes from your videos
Alternate title: A short history of California
My man is skiing down the far side of the laffer curve.
play workers and resources itd be funny
They won't abandon at 11.9% lol
20% Tax? That's insane 😮 I pay 47%
the lore of modern china
Love how your max tax is 13% lower then what im paying now..
Is the message here that poor people cant win :(
You just described California
Ah you've created the Netherlands! Neato
pfft, I wish I only paid 20% tax.  urban youth's need their nike's though so... 33% of my money is gone
la simulator
Pov: Nordic
sim city wasnt made for you
Maximum Taximum City™
in Poland we have 21% tax :/
Cali/NY Sim 4
Man i wish you would make an Audiobook at some point.
Maximus Taxamus
Argentina simulator:
Baltimore City, MD is what happens with a max tax city IRL. A hellish landscape of death and despair
i dont get it this is just LA
Socialism in a nutshell.
the Industrial Revolution and its consequences, etc., etc....
whats this? raising taxes produces less tax receipts? maybe some government people should take notes...
I love that you just built Vernon, CA
You should play SimCity on the GBA
its unrealistic, in ukraine already taxes 20% and sometimes over but there is still people...
Is it me, or did he just recreate California?
Basically, the average cost of living in the west coast of north America (California, BC, etc.)
You made California
i would have honestly prefer a vid where taxes start at cero and progressively get higher
china simulator(only because the CCP does not value human life what so ever)
The good old days where 20% taxes was considered way too much. Real life always makes tiny ai simulation people seem much smarter than we are.
Just like in real life, rich people can and do afford to move to/do business in areas with more advantageous economic systems, while the poor do not have the ability to do so.
20% is max tax!?!?!  Someone might want to tell the US government.
This comment section is just Yuropoors posting Ls.
The rug pull strategy is just like california
I love how the 20% tax rate is considered absurd beyond all reason. I wish we could get it that low.
This man makes short narrated films and I find this niche of his so beautiful, so serene that I can’t stop myself from clicking on his videos. The combination of his majestic and slightly erotic voice make for an epic combination as sim city 4 gameplay runs in the background. Every video feels like a storyteller telling you tales of old as you sit in his lap. Just magnificent.
Congrats on creating finland
Peak content
Factories ARE people.
realizing i pay more than 2x the max tax irl feels surreal
Here's the answer to the question: >0%.
California...
as a wise man once said "everyone wants good universal healthcare and education 'till it's time to pay taxes"
Xi Jinping would be proud!
china simulator
Given that a simoleon is worth $153, AA a little over 6 billion dollars to trap and torture the rich
I love the fact that in this city I would rather live than in my country. The max tax in simcity is still baby numbers compared to hungary's tax.
Lower and Middle Class residents and manufacturing contributes more to a local economy than The Rich and the Tech Sector? Who could have guessed!
Another city simulation simulator you could try would be theotown ;) old but still great
based on the taxes i pay, i'll move to max tax city any day 😭
They did that in California. Next step is to move law enforcement out and homeless in.
When this came out, I had to pull open my desk drawer to look at the SimCity 4 CD box I have in there...
Thies sims are smarter than the ones in rl nyc😂
Living in Nordics I always found it so strange that the max tax was 20% in SimCity. I don't think I've ever had that low taxes lol
California simulator in a nut shell.
Nutzz😂😂😂😂
"Taxation is theft, purely and simply even though it is theft on a grand and colossal scale which no acknowledged criminals could hope to match." — Murray Rothbard
Well there's your problem, wanting rich people to pay taxes..
You succesfully recreated the Netherlands. Good job.
And then you realize that in present day we are paying *more* in taxes than this game allows as max tax.
Dude invented gentrification
This has to be the most realistic city he's ever made
My man just simulated LA...
Great California Simulator
I've been waiting for another upload :)
I had flashbacks to cyberpunk edgerunners when I read the words "max tax"
If the yearly taxes are 20 million and it cost 100 thousand to leave What would you pick?
Thats true, rich people don't pay their taxes.
do that in theotowm
20% is the highest tax rate? *cries in german*
So... China simulation?
Anything above 12% usually destroys demand for a new city
So new york california simulator
15% is lowest bracket in nz, it's funny to imagine 9% to be the minimum for this game
Is anyone gonna tell him the tax rate in the UK..? 🥲
Dear new editor, stop it with the random sound effects.
California City 😂
My man literally recreated China, complete with empty cities, mega-sweatshop districts, and the rich bugging out in droves after being lured in with false promises
Is this the... Singapore origin story? 🫢
Goro Majima would be proud.
Ah, a low tax haven for all germans
Congratualtions, you've created California.
This entire video feels like the Western European economical plans  Also as a point of reference; The effective tax rate in Germany is around 40%
A true american game where the max tax is 20%
He built the sim city version of Lovejoy lol.
I didn't realize amphibian was a politician.
The fire guy was passively-aggressively dabbing at you again, but you didn't ref the old video.  AA, I reckon you could have maxed out a bit harder on the Jokes in this episode.  The ending was great though.
Isn't this just california
I always liked running normal to stupidly low taxes and then cranking the taxes as high as they would go right before collection time in the SNES version. It worked pretty well for a little while.  Also ...wow ...imagine only being taxed 20%
Sims have less tax tolerance than the avg argentinian ffs we live with over 60%
hello AA, love your videos. When will you make a civ 6 video?
SCREW YOU DO MORE ZOMBOID VIDEOS 🫡🫡🫡
ohhh I just realized SIMolaens are named after Sims my God I'm dumb as hell
“It was my 8th week commuting to maxtax for work to support my family, I remember parking my truck full of coal to the power plants at the depot garage. The air, so pungent and toxic. I passed out. They fired me and left me stranded somewhere in maxtax. It’s been 3 days since I’ve seen my family. Lord have mercy on me… for there isn’t any food for miles.”  Civilian #82748 Greg
Epilepsy warning from 0:14 to 0:18
AA just created Detroit
Wait...didn't Sweden already play this game?
You built California by exploiting the industry standards of China
New York.
The water is fine here in the DMZ 🐸
God damn. Here in Hungary its like 20+% constantly...
Mad Tax: Fury Toad.
i like that the max tax is 20% and nobody wants to live there, but in my country its 21%....
7:50 China be like.
We want magnasanti in cities skylines
tax man
Ah yes, California.
I have watched you flood cities in poop-water and turn humans into lampshades, but this is probably the most fucked up thing you have ever done!
In Quebec, they have 15% lol (they pay 2 taxes.)
In this episode, AA accidentally re-creates San Francisco
he made a new video idea inside a video: will people live in an area that has no taxes but is a victim of nuclear fallout
"I don't want my tax dollars going to food stamps!" - The rich, never paying taxes anyways
That was hugely entertaining 😆😆😆
To create an authentic socialist society you obviously have to physically trap the people in town.
"Sniff sniff. Do you smell that Maximillian? Someone just raised the taxes by .1%"
So pretty accurate simulator
The best games are just that, simply amazing how creative or absurd you can get.
not gonna lie - 7:00 is the most beautiful industry I ever saw.
20% taxes  Denmark: thats cute, now pay the 50%
Is there an option to play without stealing from your citizens?
Proof that nobody likes taxes... Even in video games lmfao.
Moral of the story. When the city turns shitty, the rich people move away, and the poor people live with it till they die early.
Rich people are rich beacsue they DON'T PAY TAXES!
The city began as the plot of land where hobos were playing cards  That is literally New Albion
Wow, its a perfect simulation.
This is just a reenactment of how NY and California came to be lmao
"Max tax: 20%. So unthinkable, not even would want to live there!" Meanwhile, most things at 21% VAT where I live..
Eating the poor to eat the rich? I wasn't expecting that
I did that once: you cant max taxes instantly, but every year you increase 0,1% in everything. But for that yes, a rich population is required.
England
Ew, taxes.
"... reinforcing the theory that even lower on Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs is the physiological requirement for a human being... to evade taxation." -Ssethtzeentach, "Pharaoh review"
he recreated san francisco
welcome to the California exodus
The way you popped into the video at the start is absolutely glorious.
You're not smart enough to be talking about this.
This challenge shows how much people refuse to pay for high taxes, no matter how good the place is
There should be a killdozer event in this game.
HASAN WHERE ARE YOU
so the poor are too poor to move out of heavily taxed cities. while the rich can. seems accurate
Wait, this is just California
Bit of warning for the flashing at the start would've been nice
Cyberpunk
Not edging them out 😩😩😩
Ah yes, the rich would rather leave their families, their history, their very childhoods, just to not have to pay their fair share. Sounds about right.
I am so glad you put this time into faithfully recreating nyc in the sims.
this is an allegory to the reality of the fact that rich people don't pay taxes. If you do find a way to tax them, they have a means to leave for a much more favorable place!
Weird how the max tax % is...the tax% I live at
You didnt close the borders, classic mistake.
I was writing a serious work email about this and almost ended up requesting all taxes raised to maximum. Lesson learned.
new york
>AA proves that socialism doesnt work Well yeah..
"I raise taxes to 20%!!!!" Has this frog even heard of Europe?
Great video AA! Always love the Sims & SimCity videos, Also, how do you run SimCity 4? Do you have it on Windows 10/11, or an XP/vista machine?
Looks like you made China...Nice work
Single road, 100 income 😂😂
Ah, watching a youtuber figuring things out I learnt 13 years ago when I bought the Sim City Box from the store. Remember buying your PC games on physical discs?
Tax hikes... Sheesh i wish i could pay 20%... Or less please
Dream democrat city.
Taxes are literally just a big mafia robbing people so of course nobody would live there, there is no such thing as infinite resources, and if they lived there they would be like people in any communist third world country like cuba and north korea, being like slaves not being able to live with what they make, not having jobs and having to plead to the officials of the government some change
Wow you invented china by mistake
Тем временем в России, где мы натурально платим 47% налогов от дохода - если посчитать все сборы.
Never been this excited for tax season before.
-How much taxes u want? -Yes.
The EU in a nutshell.
Maximum Taximum
Finely cumunisem
you set out to build gary, indiana, and succeeded
welp you just made California
I think they used a laffer curve to run the tax simulation which is dumb but its the early 2000s and nobody has caught on to it being a bogus napkin theorh
AA just did the modern hypothetical modern China play through
20% taxes is pretty low in todays standards 😅
I feel like you need to let the footage breathe a little. It's oddly claustrophobic watching a heavily zoomed in UI element rapidly pan across the screen.
To answer that question, the answer is Belgium. Consistently the highest tax burden at around 53% of total income
Fun fact if you build a normal city & slowly raise taxes over time you can get to some pretty high numbers
As a libertarian. 0 percent. Only acceptable rate.
"How much tax is too much?"  Answer: Any
china belike🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Feels so american. In other places in the world having 35% taxes or more is completely normal. Progressive taxing hurts those who make more, more :D Like if you make 40K or less a year you pay next to no taxes, but if you make 100K you pay 35%
The rich have the unfortunate ability to pay all the costs of moving, poor don't have the money and the middle class often locked down with mortgages and loans to afford moving.
I’d live in a DMZ if it meant I didn’t have to pay taxes
This is so sad, he is taxing all people named Max 😢 (I happen to be one and can not afford to feed my cats anymore due to this tax)
Californian collapse speedrun
you basically created a forge-world, and it works because workers phase in from other reallities or something? xD
"people just... they hate taxes so much, they don't want public goods at all, and they probably prefer to live in a nuclear fallout zone" This right here is exactly the mentality of a lot of US citizens when confronted about their lack of public services compared to european countries xDD I've been personally attacked more than once in this topic, and it's just baffling, because they don't even consider that they end up paying the same or even more for their services than me for my public ones. I'd be on bankrupcy several times over after my both parents' cancer treatments and hospitalizations.
Nice simulation of Zürich.
Maybe they would have stayed if you blocked off all avenues of escape.
Live in a dmz if it meant you didn't have to pay taxes.  Would homie. Would.
Recreated California by the end there
Deep down, we're all a libertarian, it would seem. Taxation is theft and we all know this deep in our hearts.
also with how good elon musk is we can send all our trash to space and if he does not do it we need to cancel him
So if i make a DMZ i don't have to pay taxes?  I'm sorry south island but we are at war now!
I remember playing this game as a kid, asking my parents whats a normal tax rate, and then not understanding why I can't put it at 30% and just set it to 20%. Scandinavia lol
The dream of any country/city
do it like brazil, and make a tax of 77% over imported goods.
1. Atlas doesn't shrug. That moron and her stupid book were wrong, which isn't surprising, since philosophy is the third corner stone of The Triad of Stupid: astrology, alchemy, and philosophy. 2. The game has its distance measurement wrong: Since travel happens on streets, it needs to use taxicab geometry to make distance measurements.
Zim sure this could work with the newer Sims game
Wow, when you tax rich people heavily they just leave with all their money and stuff? Who could have seen that happening?
So you made Germany?
West rock town
2:58  This end screen must be one of the greatest political commentaries of all time.
Bro literally turned SimCity 4 into factorio there
He took “tax the rich” to another level 😭😭
Should have named it "California"
You maybe want to put up a seizure warning at the beginning
I see you've re-created Illinois.
Imagine living in a city where 20% tax rate is considered far too high
Bro invented Europe 2.0
how you can tell simcity and cities skylines are heavily americanized  1, taxes at 10% or higher is considered too high 2, little or no pedestrian and bysicle infrastructure options
BRAZIL IN 2024
0:14 a flashing lights warning would've been nice but ok...
pls upload more videos
AmbiguousAmphibian says tax the rich💪🏻
Welcome to California
I once made a super successful city by first taking the poor heavily and rich lightly. The city actually ended up relying on the transportation income from the subway, and if the subway went on strike then we'd go bankrupt.  Then after this experiment I did a more typical low tax poor, high tax rich scheme and suddenly I was more than fine.  Tax the rich, kids.
Maximum Taximum®️
This is too real right now.
This is the sf bay area in a nutshell. Everybody would have moved to Portland but that was ruined so they moved to Austin
To everyone pointing out that you're taxed at greater than 20%, keep in mind that these are only MUNICIPAL taxes. There's local, state/provincial, and national to consider at well.
Really nice to see you play the latest Sim City game.
Game really shows it's made by Americans who don't believe taxes are good. I live in Denmark and we're taxed ~39% of our income and our sales tax is at 25%. Our incomes are of course matching the high taxes and we live good, secure lives..
Man literally went through the history of California (except in reality California is shit)
California
Hi
Simulation 😅
I would love to only have to pay 20% in income tax.
Congratulations!, you've successfully simulated China,
Would you mind trying Noita on steam
factorio the city.
California simulator
Ah yes the high tax of 20 percent! Damn this games mental
Taxation is theft.
What’s the point in being able to change the tax if they don’t let you put it up more than 0.3
No way, he made california
We need more SimCity 4 videos. I personally think SC4 deluxe edition specifically was the best Sim City game. But SC4 needs more love as it's a great game.
In Germany i would be greatfull for 20 percent tax
> high taxes > high employment > zero local residents > everyone either commutes from outside the sector via public transport or works remotely > zero advanced municipal services > surprisingly happy business advisors  Congratulations, you just created a Dutch business park.
A bug exists where if you have a roundabout between 4 cities at the corners (ie A-B then B -C, C -D and then D returns to A) A sim who lives in town A will commute to work, Through B, C, D, A, B, C, D... 1 car becomes '2' cars becomes '4' cars becomes '16' cars ... every time you load city A till the road is overwhelmed.  The Sim drives forever being both the only traffic and infinite traffic.
China simulator
this is just California
As a european, 20% Tax is normal...
ah yes, argentina simulator
I'm voting for whoever turns the country into a profitable sweatshop. You've convinced me.
It's crazy how accurate SimCity 4 is with the taxing... Rich people won't pay tax. Big industrial areas will
I kept hearing "MaxTec city" and it gave the whole video a different aura.
❤
I think this is why everyone hates the rich
Lol.  Exploit.  Build 1 road. Legalize gambling, and wait(afk) 24 hours.. and you will have a metric ton of money..
the name reminds me of cyberpunk maxtac
ah yes. 2003. back when people thought a flat tax rate of 20% would've killed the population of an entire city, and it wasn't just normal everyday business.
AA unlocked the achievement: "Discovered capital flight"
I did this challenge when I was 10 abs got the exact same results.   I was watching this and was immediately like "wait until he hits 9.3%"  Personally, I use this entire gameplan to min/max every city's save file: big industry, demolish, rezone, rebuild with the millions.
this is the type of city you see at the background of old sonic games
In my eastern Europe country we have taxes over 40%. I'm also am leaving. 😂 Finally.
Ah yes, AA finally created China
Im watching this on the toilet
20% taxes isn't even high. Who made this? Is the Simcity land an ultracapitalist hellscape? Oh wait what was I thinking, it's based on the USA, ofcourse it is.
The very wealthy have enough capital they can leave for greener pastures. If they are disallowed from leaving, or if there are no other places due to geopolitics getting in the way, then they will stay.
Max  tax city! “The netherlands”😊
Damn AA put a epilepsy warning for that ufo scene or take it out. Caught me off guard and couldn't look away fast enough.. thanks for that
Chinese Ghost City Simulator
You can't max tax the rich like you can with the poor, because they can afford to go somewhere else.
Rich people not paying their taxes? Whoever heard of such a thing?
ONG i missed this man, I havent seen one of his videos in like three months
Ah, you made the Netherlands!
As a German this is a bit too real for me 😂
I swear, every time I watch your philosophical videos, you make me imagine you looking like kermit with sunglasses and a hood talking to me about the meaning of life.
POV: China
FLASHING LIGHT WARNING 0:14 - 0:19
Bump
Yeah pretty accurate to real life. Rich people would rather do anything than taxes
LOGAL PAUL-ville aka Los Angeles!
Hello, Augusto Pinochet here! I would like to congratulate you ambiguousamphibian on winning an all expenses paid helicopter ride to tour the beautiful forests of Chile!* Please provide your address so that our agents may come and collect you for this once in a lifetime experience!       *Parachute not included
9:57 what if we kissed on the anti homeless gay sharp rocks
Holy shit, even the simulation is depressingly real...
first i thought interesting communist simulation but then you raised it to 20%.. we pay 37% in this country...
Super weird how this game from twenty years ago managed to display selfish rich jagoffs perfectly.
"Max tax"  My country's minimum tax bracket is 19%  then 32.5% after $45,001.  Our national minimum wage is $882.80 a week or $45,905 yearly.
11:29 "Moral of the story is that rich people don't pay taxes."  TRUE lol
Ngl, genious idea. I might have to steal this for my own city skylines game.
Sounds like California
11:15 that is known as capital flight , wich happens cuz they can afford to move away across the globe
i found neoponera villosa in my aunts bathroom
KEK
Man I wish my taxes were only 20%.
I think you basically created California......
any taxes above2.5% is cringe and of course that tax should take you to heaven       youre based if you get that reference
Simply glorious. I love late stage capitalism!
california in sim city
Homie, put a fucking epilepsy warning if you're gonna do that shit. 0:15 I expect better of you.
moral of the story: businesses should be paying all of our taxes
Bro made California.
This is just china.....
so... you just made brasil 😆😆😆
I mean... The poor and middle class being forced to suck up high taxes, while the rich just fuck off is astoundingly true to life, especially for a game this old.
Hey you recreated every leftist city ever!
Hey Pal, Did you just blow in from stupid town?
It's hilarious cos in real life, the rich fund the huge majority of public spending from tax revenue. At least in America. AKA the only country in the world that really matters
California simulator
FLASHING LIGHTS WARNING  Start: 00:14               End: 00:18
California simulator
This whole video is basically just gentrification 😂
I reckon cost of living in the DMZ would be higher because you're no government's responsibility, which makes you free real estate to both sides meaning you'll probably have to bribe both to keep your neck
Oh, the California simulation))
If ambiguous was a book, it would be A Modest Proposal.
Your advisors were happy because with no town they were getting paid to do nothing all day. The dream position of any government employee.
You didn't challenge everything
SIm City, San Francisco
You made a Shanghai suburb.
Not City Skylines? This game looks almost as old as first Doom but alright...
Congratulations you created California City, CA
love how 20 is the max for taxes but the government steals 25% from me, i fucking hate it here
Comrade Amphibian! o7
California simulator
"trap rich people in so i can tax the hell out of them." Lolol
california
So this is basically Argentina except that people actually live in Argentina
so you successfully made a society where there is no fun, no life outside of working and paying your taxes... Art.
So you made California.
this vid needs an epilepsy warning for that fucking part at the beginning with the flashing spaceship
New York simulator
Tax rate of 20%?  Where's this heaven on earth?
Watching this as a Scandinavian guy. That's lower taxes than irl 😂
Chicago
Are you serious 20 percent is the max? I wish i could only pay 20 percent normal taxes for ny are almost 40 percent normally.
this seems like my town... i need to move
Living in Canada simulator.
A tour de force!
This man has created Dublin, Ireland.
He basically made California
Im still waiting for a city builder not based on an American context. Walkable cities, realistic public transport and tax rates
California/New York Simulator.
You can tell how unrealistic this game is when it doesn’t let you keep borrowing just by raising the debt ceiling and ignoring the consequences.
Man, did Ayn Rand code this game? 😂
Detroit evolved into the state of California.
Feels like putting a frog into water and gradually increasing the temperature.
Dude I love your videos
love the videos AA, keep 'em coming! <3
Foolish boy! The rich pay tax only once in their lives, and thats only if a guillotine is involved first.
*Oh, it's you.* *Edit: So you literally just made California.*
Not calling it 'Taximum City' was a missed opportunity
your videos make me want to edit my own
I'm starting to think that this *video game* is unrealistic
Incredibly based
Uhh. Germany Simulator!
I know Patrick Bateman is behind this channel
Way better video format this time. Lot less time wasted getting to the content.
What is funny is that you are describing exactly industrial revolution era during your game play.
You just created Detroit
Basically just the state of New York lol
you should try The Guild 3
*EPILEPSY TRIGGER WARNING AT **0:15*
So he went from China to Dubai.
as someone said below its the CITY TAX which means all the national taxes go ONTOP of that so it would mean like half your paycheck is taxes before any expenses.  effectivly no one wanted to live in the city because it would immiedatly make them into debt slv unable to leave.   which is sadl true in alot of big cities with horrendus tax rates like new york chicago and san fran.  it makes it impossible for lower classes to leave and incrediply painfull for middle class to leave.
Epic pizza is very neat and rizz is in fact sus
You can tell this is an American game because 20% tax rate is seen as unreasonably big
You made Canada...
boo, original sim city sucks, modern sim city is better
Man, imagine whining at 20% taxes.  Those SimCity folks wouldn't last long in the real world, with 50% income taxes, 15% sales taxes, and multiple entertainment, imports, union, habitation, school, municipal, etc. taxes on top of everything
thanks i love simcity videos <3
It's "ByeSanTeaYUM"
*click* Nice
All the rich people leaving kinda reminds me of all the Californians leaving California and going to Idaho for the way cheaper taxes and cost of living
So you just recreated Brazil? (from a Brazilian)
So...  Poor people do have the money to pay taxes. Rich people refuse to pay taxes. Honest businesses dislike taxes. Scummy businesses will take the deal, and pay taxes just to be allowed to keep on being scummy.
Whats going on in this video? No idea, doesn't matter. I heard sims 1 build music and now I'm vibing
You just made L.A
Lifelike. I loved it. ❤
Should’ve named it Scandinavia, to be honest.
Sim city, California challenge.
0:15 epilepsy alert
So this is how LA was made...
bro invented gary indiana
Gavin Newsom likes this video.
One road challenge?
With your first attempt, you essentially recreated that north korean propaganda town that was built within eysight of the south korean border where no one lives there but it's meant to give the appearance that north koreans live very well
Bidenflation simulator
Who knew it was so accurate
Ambigousamphibian for president
not having enough money to move, the poor have to bear the taxes while the rich are just moving on in their private jets.
holy shit I wasn't expecting that twist.  this is what people who do the "the PRC will achieve communism in 50 years" thing believe will happen
So you're saying, you woke everybody, eh?
"The MAX TAX City"  So New York or California
"rich people don't pay taxes"  Art imitates life..
"they'd rather live in a nuclear fallout zone or a DMZ if it meant they didn't have to pay taxes" I mean... the game is set in the USA. what did you expect.
Lol unchecked democrat mode. Sounds like a nightmare
First none, now torture-levels of tax
The higher the tax, the happier the people are! And by people i mean aa.
max tax at 20%.. me a Danish person paying 39% 👀
The entire town needs to be fire stations to please the fire advisor
10% taxes ist too much for simcity, 50% is not enough in real life, for having SIM in name it kinda doesn't fit
Q How much tax is too much A yes
You need to have a single road to legalize gambling for them to roll dice on.
Taxation is theft you evil frog. ANARCHY AND DEEPFRIED FROGLEGS NO GODS NO MASTERS
You just remade California.
Sweaty money.
I'm astonished
God it's crazy sim city 4 was 20 years ago
🎶 WE BUILT THIS CITY ON TAX & TOLLS 🎶
What patch did you play this on? Steam version crashes all the time for me.
I didn't even know these metrics existed in SimCity. I got this game in a cereal box as a child. I never once ran a successful city
9:03 THE MOST AMERICA VIDEO EVAR!!!!!!!!!!!
I see, an european city
Epilepsy dayum
funny we have higher taxes than that in germany
Ambigious invents california colorized footage.
NO WAY, YOU BUILT DENMARK 2.0
Epilepsy warning 0:16 !!!
2:46 Da. Toxic waste good.  Taxes bad.  *channels inner Russian*
People upset about 20%? 20% maximum? You can tell this game was made in the United States of Tax Evasion.
great, now you made Turkiye
*Run for Senator* is an incredible end to a bankrupt city, I can't believe I never noticed they or completely forgot about it
Ah yes , the California challenge
This is the most Chinese sounding way to play Sim City.
I love me some Vauge Frog 😍
I call this episode:  Portugal simulator
Taxes are theft.
So you taxed everyone, not just max.
I'm just disappointed that you didn't name your city "Maximum Taximum"
I remember how, as an Icelander, I played Sim City and was completely baffled how the American idiocy of the makers was reflected in how myopic they were in thinking on how cities and society works.
amerika simulator
IRS agents jacking it to this vid.
Looks like blue flight
First
THIS FUCKING GUY FUCKING ROCKS!… WHO AGREES???
Why does Max Tax City remind me of New York City?
""The rich don't pay taxes" Simcity 4 is definitely the most accurate simulation out there.
My Max Tax City failed because Max never moved to my city and I ran out of money.
wow, the ending of this was dark
Jesus Christ Seizure Warning at 0.15 my guy.
Planet Coaster
Taximum
Splendid
this is just my country in a nutshell
This is like a simulation of the history of China
Americans thinking that 20% tax is a lot. Europeans with about 50% tax: "this is fine"
i would love for my tax to only be 20% lmao
that bit where you made a utopia where no one worked using the proceeds from the factories was classic marxism, great stuff.
The futue city of San Francisco. The state even want to tax you if you quit their failling state.
That ending was probably one of the most realistic endings from your videos yet.
AA discovers the concept of tax incentives
The half transparent images make it hard to see gameplay 😢
i love taxes ❤
I mean, if it weren't for the EPA I think something similar to the factory sweatshop city you succeeded with would exist, albeit to a less extreme extent since people can't just be bussed in by the cityload to work every week. We'd get Fordlandia probably.
Watching this while living in Germany with an average income tax from 19%. This is fine.
You created canada
You can tell this game was made by Americans and not Europeans
More cities skylines pls!
ah yes, finally the one i have been waiting for. let us tax  ps i asked for this when he did 0% tax city ,<,
My brother in Christ... this is just NYC.
hi AA =)
not me paying over 40% in taxes in Scandinavia 🤪
he just made brazil without poors
Tf when our tax is higher that the max tgis game allows
Wow, you pretty much recreated San Francisco, minus the "everyone getting smarter and smarter" bit.
True Socialism experience right there
Medical bill city
Congratulations on successfully making Ohio. That isn't an "only in Ohio" joke, I mean I lived there for 20 years and this is basically how it is.
here in norway taxes are 25% generally so this is kinda funny to me
I'm surprised you could get Sim City 4 to run. It refuses to boot on my computer.
New AA and LGIO videos on the same day! Truly a happy day!
So, you made California then?
Man, those lucky sims....I wish we only paid 20%.
Ah yes, California simulator.
I'm disappointed that you did not name the city Maximus Taximus
I pay my amphibious tax daily.
California
So America?
Sim City 4: America Simulator
Great California Documentery!
so the industrial revolution?
I read MAX-TAC, where's the Cyberpunk police officers?
Maximum tax.  Taximum.
This is literally just California
Wow, I like the hidden GnR Easter egg in today's vid.
Basically the US
People in simcity: "omfg 20% taxes, fucking outrageous" People irl: "omfg 50% taxes, we're so blessed"
20% tax pretty low ngl
Missed opportunity to call it 'Taxas'.
This is good, max taxes in-game are 20%, and the game decides that it is not worth living there xD And here in Croatia, taxes are 25%. My brain has a hard time processing this information
I wonder what would happen if you start with max tax in an empty region. Because the cities do interact so if they can move to a city with with lower taxes.
Man I wish my mf income tax was only 9%
amazing how this game predicted china
so... high taxes helpped the rich? This isnt what i was promised.
20%? Shit man that's not that much 😭
Is there a DMZ I can live in?
So you essentially found an exploit for massive amounts of seed money? Genius!
California
I like how both zero-tax and maximum-tax setups are usually both fucked in city builder games. Really goes to show that politics is less of a solemn and dutiful service to a greater good and more of a glorified plate spinning act! Also, watching political extremists taking Ls is cathartic.
California simulator
"The desire to emigrate is so strong that people simply phase through walls, reinforcing the theory that even lower on Maslow's hierachy of needs, is the physiological requirement for a human being to evade taxation."
5:30 Um, actually, if you were actually using a binary search algorithm, you would have chosen 9.3% after not finding success with 9.5% as the median value would be between 9.2% and 9.4%
America be like
me, from england, seeing you start at 20% tax - "but that's...... the normal amount of tax"
I love your devotion to SimCity 4. It's a fantastic game for engineers, urban planning, economists.
>anything over 9% tax is unblivable  >20% is standard in my country at least Im not swedish
poors suffer what they must. Rich people do what they wish
What errands were done at a swamp?
It's amazing how the Sims reflect reality on what happens if you put a very high tax on rich incomes.
"This just in, local frog recreates L.A."
So many of AA's videos include genocide...
Laffer City
What’s with all the flashing lights in the beginning like that? Why?!
i find it kinda odd that it seems most city builders have tax caps that are just, kinda low. like real world countries have higher taxes than max and are doing arguably fine  like belgian income tax is between 25% and 50% depending on how much you make, but in city skylines everyone struggles at 13%
As a person who lives in a city with 30% tax, I can confirm, rich people don't pay taxes.
The frog sounds were a great touch to illustrate your internal thought process. 10/10
🎉
0:15 Flashing lights warning 😬
So you killed the unintelligent and poor... if you kill the rich, creative, and highly intelligent as well, you will have accurately encapsulated communism.
Wait until you found out that taxes in the Netherlands are about 40%
This is a great birthday present
Simcity 4 best city builder
I am the 9.3%
Whoa. I think this one might need some kinda epilepsy warning for 0:14 cus I don't have epilepsy and even I got all funny by those flashes 😮
ah yes, Los Angeles minus the people.
Oh good, a new video. I’ll be able to fall asleep quickly tonight, the cadence of his voice is so soothing
Galt's gulch with a big box over it propped up with a stick.
Moral of the story: "Rich people don’t pay taxes"
You should have removed outside connections, so that rich wouldn't be able to leave.
kinda ironic cause this is what would happen in real life also with the rich. you try to tax them out they go fk you im out.
Economy in 2023:
Wait, this isn’t how you’re supposed to play this game? Make massive profits and then bulldoze the whole city when you’re rich and build the one you actually want?
When the world needed him most... he returned.
POV: non-american countries
When you realize a sim has more self respect to refuse to pay even half the tax your indentured serf ass is paying right now.
Like if that road was actually going to get fixed I would be more open to taxes, but because I know that road won't get fixed and instead those taxes will be spent on stupid shit that some commission or whatever thought was a good idea but results in nothing I prefer to keep my own money in my pocket.
God I wish I could mod that game and make it work. It needs an overhaul super mod that combines many mods and fixes.
Please do another spore vid, something like pacifist first off and then when you reach the space age just go insanely hostile on a quest to conquer the universe.
Very interesting Connecticut simulator, thank you!
I love like, when there are literally zero houses, ALL people working in the public stuff, including your advisors, are either commuting from somewhere else or smart-working.
Sounds like an average Tuesday in Belgium
“I love tax.”  -AA, 2023
I read the notification and i thought: We got a cyber psycho! Call MaxTac! XD
Yay, it is time for AA!
this video was released the second i pulled into a walmart parking lot and got ticketed for parking on striped paint.
lol I could make some political jokes about taxes, but I'll just keep that to myself on a gaming channel.
Simcity isn't dead? I'm not insane for buying CIB copies of all the games?!
God blessed me on a sunday morning with a new video
Maximum Taximum
27th
Great vid
100% tax rate capitalism is just fuedalism with extra steps...
AA knows exactly what you need
First?
Shoulda named it McStack City.
Ah yes Sim City 4, the greatest of all economic simulators.
Thy Lord has graced us with yet another gift !!
Every economic classes worst nightmare, but the IRS wet dream.
First
dank
thank you amphibian overlord
Turkey
Love your ambiguously phantasmal views on intercity commerce and taxation my brudduh. Thanks for leading the way on imminetizing the eschaton.
The IRS approves this
Taxation is theft.
Whoop whoop my favorite ambiguous amphibian
yo
Max british moment
Beep boop
Let's gooooo
AA thanks for helping me win that bet by saying “exquisite watermelon”
cool
america
:)
