Thought I'd do a shorter, lighthearted one to change it up a bit. Let me know if you like these in-between main uploads to hold you over and I'll do more :)  See you soon with Disturbing Things 11!
I've never heard this anywhere before, but I would instantly ask about it if I ever heard Sonic ring noises at a cash register.
Also the random ICQ sounds at some gas stations as well. That "UH OH" sound lives in my head rent free.
Zero substance to this. Sad. “This does this”
I guess you could say that Sammy is a Sonic fan... Perhaps even a classic one?
I think YouTube keeps deleting my comment that has a link to a video explaining it. There’s a video by Nexpo that takes about it. It’s called Gas stations and Sonic sound effects - Why. Hope it helps. :)
so is the sonic ice cream something similar or just bad enough to be its own OC
ive honestly been so damn curious about the use of that noise
I never noticed that till now, damn you🤣
Hell yeah, more useless knowledge
Ugh Adam sessler what a $#%
Okay but seriously, this is one of those things that has been bothering me for years.  And I never heard it until maybe 15-ish years ago, and I think it's only at 7-11 stores around my area.  I remember the first few times I heard it I almost asked the cashier "Do you realize what that sound is?"
I noticed this! No one else has. Like I'm so glad I'm not crazy. I KNOW it's the Sonic Ring sound
It's probably rather late, but I randomly thought about this video again. A couple of years back, we had a major update to the POS software that gave it a major face-lift and other changes, and the Sonic sound effects seemed to get replaced when that happened.
You litterally didnt explain anything
0:18 I had no idea what this video was about when I clicked it 😅 Maybe the Sonic sound in Australian servos, but I thought this is cool as hell and I wish they did.
when I heard it I used to sing the melody of Sonic 1, it left some confused and some that knew...
If I'm not wrong, those machines also make a recognizable "Uh-Oh" jingle when a payment is declined or there's a scanning error. It is also oddly familiar, but not sure if it's from Sonic also.
This is such a random thing to talk about.
My guess is the lead dev of the register software was a fan of Sonic and knew he could get away with throwing in the Ring sfx in place of a generic "cha-ching."
Me and my grandma went out to eat to this weird gas station-restaurant hybrid and as we paid the bill, I heard the Sonic ring sound from the register. As a big Sonic fan, I thought that was really odd and cool.
This video doesn't even answer the question. It's just conjecture. What's more, these gas stations use not only the Sonic ring sound effect, but other sound effects as well like the ICQ "uh oh" sound effect. Your investigative journalism needs some work, my friend. I'm hoping you decide to go back out into the field and do more research. I'm looking forward to a Part 2.
You could call up Sega and verify your theory,  bud.
i used a gilbarco cash register,,, their customer service sucks, and theres a bug that stops recording your sales making it look like you lost sales,
yeah y tf they use sound effects of sonic getting rings ,,,? always wondered ,,
How is this on a "nightmare" channel cry laugh emoji
I always thought it was kinda cool having the ring sound effect for the registers
My school library made vine booms and "holy moly" sound effects for scanning books, nobody brought it up and it was so funny
The Thing just one Week a ago i was at a Gas station that had this soundeffect
I miss this intro, creepy as well!
I really didnt get it
the donkey kong country music is a nice touch. i was harmonizing to it
I have never even noticed this at all not even once and I’ve been to thousands of gas stations, convenience stores and car washes
What's the song at 00:58 ?
I asked the cashier one time and he had no idea what I was talking about.
Finally a relatable Nexpo video.
Interesting! Thank you for your research, I've been wondering this for a few years now.
i’m glad this got 1.3 million views
🙋🏼‍♀
I just found this. Ive worked gas stations for a few years now and its good to have an answer.
This video reminds me of another thing that used video game sounds. There’s this Mexican radio station that I’ve heard, and it uses the SM64 Bob-Omb Battlefield theme in it. I always wondered why, and I was always surprised that they haven’t been like sued or anything.
Are you a proffessional? The more videos i watch from you the more i think you cant just be a youtuber, do you make documentaries? You make videos better than the average "paranormal explained" episode, so is this all you do?
Reminds me of LA metro Red Line and the Windows 98 Utopia noise.  Also, didn't know Sega helped make Cash Registers.
I've seen only seen one gas station that has used sonic sound effects and I thought it was really cool
Just to be clear, Passport is not an OS but a Windows application.  Our POS at my store runs Windows Server
Sorry I took so long to sub. Your channel has always been great! I love your narrating.
best opening Nexpo
Nexpo: *Makes a video about a boarding that has tortured children and a restaurant with a murderous past* Also Nexpo: Why does this cash register make Sonic noises?
I was at target and realised that the  self checkout sound was the inventory from resident evil 1-2
i knew i heard a ring sound i thoght it was something in my head
Let's be honest - Sega is reason, why they had to soldout themselves. I mean Sega Japan - they ruined they own company, for bombing all Sega America ideas.
It's part if the brain games that retail companies play to convince people to spend more. From the music that plays to the layout of the store, to the position of a rack of fresh French bread, everything is designed to mess with you psychologically. The Sonic sounds are probably two-fold. One, they make you nostalogic, which releases seratonin, and they trigger the pleasure centers of the brain, which also causes a release of seratonin. That's the original intent of that sound - to trigger a reward response, making the actuon desireablrle, imcentivizing players to carry out the action that plays it. Thus, a convenience store can use that connection to incentivize you to buy more. Keep playing the sound. It makes you happy. You want to be happy, don't you?
why does this have a suicide/self-harm warning before it lol
Sound in general is pretty cool, especially the music. Scrap brain zone is pretty fantastic. Try listening while out for a jog. Get a nice runners high 🌈✨
Sonic Sound effects as in the Weird QuickSilver GunShot Sound Effect or in general? I think the coolest one is the sound of collecting rings.
now im sad we dont have that sound on any cash registers here
I love the fact you say it's nothing to care about but you care! I care too!! Love it and love the videos 💖💖
I worked at a 7 eleven that used Mobil gas and it looks like most of not all Mobil gas stations use the sonic sounds
The newest one I've noticed is randomly hearing the mario clear jingle at Sam's Club and Walmart over the loudspeaker
i was just searching up the sound effect to make it my notification sound and just had to find out gas stations out of all places beat me to it
Raigeki
One of the stupidest questions, I never thought I'd have a answer too... thank you!!!
i didn’t notice and i was looking for the sound effect for an acting project. i find this funny.
Conclusion: he didn't come to a conclusion. He has a few guesses. Hugely disappointing clickbait
I've actually never heard a register do that. That's cool though 😂
Love the use of the Resident Evil safe room theme 👍 2:34
As someone that works at a gas station, I've always asked myself that
I always used to bring my Sega Nomad on trips with me as a kid and one time we stopped at a gas station in Washington that used the ring sound effect when ringing up an item. I thought I was going insane from playing too much Sonic as I figured a cash register wouldn’t use a sound effect from a classic video game but this video proves I want crazy lmao, I just had a cool experience.
It’s simpler then that
There’s a similar thing going on at my local Post Office convenience store. When they scan items there one of the menu sounds from Gran Turismo 2 and 3 played.
Aquatic ambience and resident evil music, last video had the creepy majoras mask bells.    Man I love this page! Creepy.. but awesome material!!
that's a hell of a mystery no one thought was a mystery and didn't even really need solving, but damn if it didn't just get solved so nice work
Wow.
Imagine getting a refund and the noise that plays when they open the register is Sonic losing his rings lol
that's great that's how it's allowed to be, but why that sound rather than a generic one?  what's the idea behind it?  the intent?
Still use this bad boy today xD
I don't know why I watched so much Sonic Underground when I was a kid? 4:38
Can we get them to use the spin dash sound in the car washes when the brushes are turning?
Why can’t my gas station have sonic sound effects😢
I thought i was the only fuckin person that heard that XD
Why?
as a brit i had no idea what youre talking about, it wasnt until i saw the machine and mainly the card reader that i realised why we dont have these here, europe has used chip and pin for decades now, those magstrip machines are nowhere to be seen. super interesting vid though even if im a little late
I heard a Legend of Zelda sound effect from some machine at Goodwill yesterday
it's so wild to see nexbo cover something so tame and calm
i see sonic and i have to click.
Come on bro!!! That just makes me totally happy!!!
my local gas station makes the sonic ring noise when an item is scanned.
Wait, mid 70s? Video games? Video games didn't exist until '79.
never even clued in to this but i have heard it atleast once
1st I wanna start by saying I love this channel. I've been binge watching for at least 2 days and I'm drawn 2 whats gonna come out next 2 leave me on the edge of my seat. 2nd.,.holy shit 🤣🤣 I been wondering this since like 2014 or sumthin, but I guess I'll find out after the video huh 😁
I recently watched a video on the music of Donkey Kong Country.  Now, I know why I’ve heard your transition music before.
Can we all just agree that the underwater ambient music for Donkey Kong Country is one of the most calming songs ever?
Oddly, I don’t recall ever hearing a cash register make the Sonic ring sound
I'm not sure, but is that more an American thing?
I totally missed the capitalization of "sonic" and thought there was something else going on here.  Never played the game, wasn't my cup of tea, so that's probably why.
99 cent stores in California use the same sounds. It always got me by surprise
i never heard a sonic ring sound effect in a grocery store before , i didnt even know this was a thing lmao
the register is collecting more of our rings than we are lol
I swear I’ve heard the ring sound effect before this
Damn I love me some Donkey Kong Country OST
i have severe symptoms and extreme mental trauma from this video
okay old video but it kinda connects to something so i wanted to comment. my friend’s grandpa owned multiple domino’s locations, and my friend loved zelda. he changed the sound effect for something (i think for when someone a placed order?) to the chest sound effect. different scenario, just thought it was cool :)
Who knows what other sounds have yet to be discovered?
Let's make a video about sound effects you never hear. This channel continues to disappoint the people who got used to the amazing content it used to upload.
Only noticed it at Shell stations
Now, time to discuss where are the Mario coin noise cashiers.
I have been plagued by this for years!
NO PLEEEAASSE ANYTHING BUT THE 70S
They could have just used the sound effect without permission.
Never heard that before. Maybe its not in the west, either that or because the lotto and scratch cards are illegal in my state.
After this video... I will never hear cash registers the same again... because I never thought of it sounded like the sonic sound 😂😂😂
1:07 what the name of the song in this segment I’ve heard it a lot and can’t find out where it’s from
look how far we've come from two years.
What is the song playing at the beginning of the video after intro?
I love that someone made a tutorial on this 😆
So I wasn't the only one who noticed.... Thank fuck
The Resident Evil sound clip at 2:35 brings back memories
Thanks for getting to the bottom of this one. Also, Gilbarco Veeder-Root sounds like a character from an anime or something... specifically I am picturing him being a scheming politician of some sort
This video. Wow. Really just saw into my soul. No one else ever noticed but me.
I didn't know that Veeder-Root played part in this! I only knew them for making their overfill alarms which have Edwards Adaptahorns built into them.
What is the song at 1:00?
This has bothered me forever. Not because of the fact that I didn't know why, but because of the fact that nobody ever fucking acknowledges it.
He out here asking the real questions
It must’ve been an American thing
I have never heard of gas stations using the Sonic sound effect.
Man none of the registers in my area do a sonic sound effect
This is obviously the evil deeds of Dr. Eggman, guys
Huh...I thought it was exclusive to that one gas station I went to
i love u to
Homie ram outa ideas
The UK is so boring, all we get is windows sound effects or a single beep. If I heard Sonic at a petrol station or supermarket till register, it would make my day :)
Oh my god I have gone to 6 gas station that have the sonic sound affect and I’m like “why?” So thank you for answering my life long question.
My local gas station has this and It scares me every time
The ideal that Sega secretly made this random POS software is just silly. I worked in a gas station that used one of those systems for a few years and I know that while it sounds alot like the Sonic sound it is a little different. Sega used the Yamaha YM2612 sound chip in the Genesis. That chip, and versions of that chip, have been used on hundreds of games consoles, toys, computers and musical keyboard even to this day. My Yamaha keyboard form the mid 90s to early 20s included a sound bank of hundreds of sound effect including sounds that similar to famous game sounds. A sound like the Sonic ring sound was included. It is my belief that sample is a recording from a Yamaha keyboard from around the mid to late 90s. Since the sample can from they keyboard  the they wouldn't have pay a licensing fee.
Talk about desperate for content
I've gotten into 2 fights over this topic
One day at a 7-Eleven store the cashier was just scanning the items following the sound and some random kid said "You gotta scan fast"
The sonic ring sound is becoming like the metal gear spotted sound, the metal gear sound affect is used in meme culture and many of those awful trendy videos, the sonic ring sound is similar except you can hear it in even more obscure places, I once heard the sonic ring sound on the radio
A couple weeks ago on the way up from florida, i went to a BP about an hour or two past Cincinnatti and the cash register made the sonic ring noise
I feel totally oblivious, bc tbh I had never actually made the connection between cash register sounds and Sonic until just now lmao
Sammy Industries… SAMMY CLASSIC SONIC FAN!!! LOL!
what i have never heard this
Title: Sonic  First 2 and a half minutes of the vid: Donkey Kong Country music.😂  Also holy fuck I was afraid I was crazy! I hear it all the time and I'm like nah that's not from Sonic at all, why would it be from Sonic, that's just my brain being mean to me again.
When i first moves to virginia, i went to a gas station with my dad to fill up and get a soda. Suddenly, i heard it! “What? Whats that?” My dad looks at me funny “whats what?” “Its sonic, hear it?” “Oh yeah, virginia is weird like that, they all do that, i dont know why. Its cool though, isnt it?”
3:24 um... 'Kkkback Points'...?
It’s a common misconception that people rob gas stations for money. Really they’re just trying to let Sonic out of the register.
In May 12th 2022, a Twitter user named eU Bear(BearUNLV) told Alpharad that "Gilbarco Veeder-Root and SEGA Sammy Holdings manufactured the cash registers, they programmed them in for a ring sound effect because it was unique sound for a cash register"
I've never heard this before in my life. I wonder if it's regional? Definitely not a thing in the pacific northwest.
Hilarious I always noticed but never questioned it 😂😂😂😂
Dude I had wondered this and felt like I was the only one. Thank you
So that's where the term "ringing you up" came from
tldr: they do it to save time in making their own sound bytes. dont give this clown watch time.
honestly this is something I wondered since I was a kid and this random popped up in my head again recently.  thanks for debunking the mystery!
None of the cash register in my area make that sound. They just make a basic beep.
I worked at a gas station for four years and our register made the sonic ring noise every time you added an item to a transaction. I never gave it any thought cause the boss was a living Comic Book Guy so I just assumed it was him
I have the same amount of knowledge as I did before I watched this video. Very uninformative and a waste of time.
They did help develop the OS. There are actually several different "sonic" sounds associated with the OS, although most of them aren't used and everything except the ring-up sfx are heard during maintenance and managerial functions. Both of which have sounds disabled for security reasons, so you never actually hear them besides when the register is first being setup.  I didn't know this was a controversial topic. The patents and general designs and their contributors are all publicly available information if you know where to look. Lol.
POV:You came from the @Alpharad tweet
So... No answer?
I don't think you are wrong, but I have another theory. When you finish a level in some games, you get a total of your points like a cash register and then the sound effect. Maybe it's the other way around? Maybe Sonic is copying the cash register's sound effect.
Thank you twitter user for asking this philosophical question
Bro my cash registers at the gas station dont make the sonic sounds, they just make regular beeping sounds
omg where do cash register's do this? I've never heard it
This doesn’t happen at all in Canada. I remember being a kid and going to the US on a road trip and the first gas station we stopped at made the ring sound. I was so excited and confused. My brain just made the connection as this being an American thing.
Lmaooooo that’s hilarious I’ve always thought the same
some mad stuff going on in america, never heard this in the uk
In Las Vegas I heard multiple make sonic ring sounds. Strange. I guess sonic takes vegas as his station square and once in a while it doesn’t hurt to take some rings from the register!
Play the sound!
"Let me take you back to 1975."  Cue Donkey Kong Country underwater music from 1994.  Good stuff 👍
i heard one of these today and was immediately reminded of this video, so i swung back for a rewatch. neat shit
Pepsi Yellow Cap 🟡
One of the stations I went to had the sound play when you walked in
Blank Banshee hype
First time I heard the Sonic sound was when my family went into a gas station located near an Indian casino. We frequent that place a lot when we go out of town. As a big Sonic fan back then, I was ecstatic and thought it as so cool. Thank god I wasn’t the only one who noticed it. 😂
Very interesting.
Wat?
Wouldn't it be more likely that Sega and the pos systems have gotten their sound effects from the same source? Like, before it was the Sonic ring sound it was part of a library of sound effects, and these two companies both pulled from that library?
Been saying this since I was 11.
sucked
3:32 am I the only one that had a tiny freakout because I thought this was from my own pc until I started reading it?
Holy shit my long asked question as a kid
I heard a Mario Party 10 sound effect at a local restaurant too.
I can tell you this much all the 76 gas stations use it and some of the independent ones as well.
Nope never heard cash registers making Sonic noises before. Pretty much everything is self service nowadays so god knows where these POS (lol) machines are and why they allegedly have sonic sound effects on them.
What is the original music at 1:02  I know I've heard it before, but i forgot the title
Way past fuel!
Sonic vid but the music is David Wise's beautiful Aquatic Ambience from Donkey Kong Country
you never answered the question just a bunch of speculations.
this is something I'd been wondering about for years, I just never expected you'd be the one talking about it
here in my area its mario sounds
Because faster faster fasterfasterfaster sonic x
wait, so you didnt even do any investigation into your theory? you just asked a couple clerks and then googled the company name?
Lol I've always thought this was weird too
Is that the resident evil save room song?
Snikers 2 finally released in us??
I stopped at a Chevron in Quartzite, AZ and Palm Springs, CA on the way to Los Angeles and both had the Sonic rings sound effects. This was about a week ago and I had to find out why.
I dont think ive been to a gas station with this noise but ill have to pay more attention now
What About The Oddly Specific Sounds You Hear In 99 Cents Only Stores?
I have never heard a cash register use a Sonic the Hedgehog sound effect, and the first time I heard it in the video, I laughed. 😂  How common is this? I would have definitely noticed if I heard it.  To be fair, I never actually go into a gas station unless I'm on a road trip.  Now I'm scared that if I hear it in real life, I'm going to lose it in front of everyone at the cash register. 😂
*credit card declines*- loosing rings sound plays*
I'm from Europe, so this is nonexistent to me. And not gonna lie, I'm kinda jealous.
Legitimate thanks for covering this unimportant mystery that I always wondered about but never looked into.  Also the short length and light-hearted content on this one is a good palette cleanser between your darker videos.
"Why do gas stations use Sonic the Hedgehog sound effects?" *sinister music begins to play*
I personally am bothered by the sound of the dragon from the first Warcraft being used in movies, other games etc. The same sound bite from a game from my youth suddenly being the sound of say a door opening in some movie always gets me, screech of a dragon making me smile. I guess they use some soundbite archive, I've always thought.
I KNEW I WASN'T FUCKING CRAZY
Bro, I remember back in 2015 -back when I was a Sonic fanboy- we went to see the Gateway Arch in St. Louis. When we were driving back home, we stopped at a small gas station to get gas and food. While walking around inside, I kept on hearing a mysterious Sonic ring sound. I eventually found out it was the cash register. I haven't been to a gas station that uses those sounds since though. But then I found this video today and found out it was a thing apparently lol
I've once heard that exact sonic sound from cd sound effect library things that used to be popular. They probably used same cd
I did some temp work for Gilbarco Veeder-Root years ago
Long story short, Sonic solos the DBZ universe
I always wondered about this
I tried looking this up a while ago, but searching ‘sonic the hedgehog gas’ yields intersecting yet unhelpful results
Esso stations in Canada
I thought I was the only one who noticed this
It scares me as a sonic fan
With the premise of the first Sonic the Hedgehog movie being a road trip, and with Tom and Sonic even stopping at a convenience store in the middle of nowhere in one scene, I'm really surprised this wasn't referenced since there are far deeper cut references in the movie.
Gilbarco Veeder-Root sounds incredibly made up.
Never heard such sound. Maybe its just in usa, but not in europe
The "Sonic Coin" sound subconsciously signals Reward like in-game. That way when you spend money (not a good feeling) it can be masked with a feeling of nostalgia. A marketing manipulation tool just like putting candy and junk food at the eye level of children at the check out line.
A little late to this video 😅 Recently found the channel and have been binge watching your videos. I’ve noticed the sound effect at the registers, but never really put much thought into it. Interesting concept though. When I read the title, my immediate thought was maybe it somehow plays upon the psychology of nostalgia, making spending money feel less “negative” by associating the action with a familiar sound (although considering many have never heard the sound before, this is probably a stretch lol).  Side note: Sonic the Hedgehog video, but with the underwater theme from DK Country 🤔🤷🏻‍♂️
I work at a gas station and our registers make this sound. Now I know why
I can't wait for people to speedrun cash registers any%
Honestly I've never encountered a gas station WITHOUT a store of some kind in close vicinity of the pumps. I'm from the Missouri, so maybe it's just a  Midwest thing IDK.
Is this a USA thing? Never heard the sonic sound in the UK...
When I started hearing them a few years back I assumed somehow the people who worked there manually imported the sound effect into the machine somehow, and then it just caught on with more locations. Here in Canada anyways…
They were advertising and hyping up Sonic Mania
Sega don't do only vídeo games
I seen some documentarys and news media using music from C&C generals :P
The shell gas station a city away from me still plays the ring sound to this day.
I always wondered this too wow I'm glad someone actually did an investigation on this haha WOW I'm 🤯😂
Gas Station assistant manager here, and as of the recent 20.04.23.01C update to the Passport OS, the Gilbarco tills no longer do Sonic sounds.  RIP rings idk when-October 2021
I thought it was just my area doing that
Um… why isn’t the upload date April 1st?
The music in the background is from Echo the Dolphin right?  I want to say for sure it is but for some reason donkey kong country water levels pop into my head... wait no it absolutely is DK!
These more light hearted topics are a nice counter-balance to the horror stories you typically cover.
True Sammy Sonic Fan
I see multiple comments from people that noticed this. Mine however, is an opposite comment.  Perhaps it's because of where I live, the US Southwest (in the vicinity of the four corners states), but I have never, ever - in my entire life, heard a cash register make this sound. However, I also rarely see Gilbarco brand registers out here.
Is no one gonna talk about them ALSO using the sonic losing rings sound effect when you open the door too?
WHAT'S THE BACKGROUND MUSIC YOU USE IN THIS VIDEO, SOMEONE PLEASE HELP.
must be american
Psychological reward for purchasing something.
This is genuinely something I've always wanted to know and its ironic that I find it on your channel
Cult in a 7/11
What makes me mad is when I point it out to the people I'm with, they're like *"oh I never noticed"* or *"I never played that game"* 😐obviously I'm hanging out with the wrong people.
YES IVE WONDERED THIS SHIT FOR YEARS AND IDK WHY I NEVER GOOGLED IT BUT THANK YOU NEXPO
No'then
*hears the sonic bling*    -Must've been the wind-
0:34 this piece of video is from Poland ;)
I appreciate this video more than you know. I'm a jaded Sonic fan and it was always jarring to hear that jingle at the register
I've always wanted to know
it is only in america
Guess it'd an American thing but I have seen stickers all over the place... Nice chill video heh
This must be an american thing.  As a brit, our machines just go "beep"
Is it even possible to copyright a three note sequence? Plus, it’s a default sound on the Yamaha chip in the Genesis console.
FINALLY!!! Usually Exxon / Top Star / Speedway / Hess, etc gas stations have this … I heard this like 10 years ago and it’s bothered me ever since!!!! I fucking love NEXPO!!! 😍
“Let me take you back to 1975” 1:02 - 1:06 you show a clip from a 1970 Commercial for the Plymouth Duster. I know it well, I am a mopar guy myself.
Now I have another long winded explanation for something i'll tell a girl at some point and then she stops talking to me forever, thanks.
Simply because it sounds cool
Sometimes I hear the OOO Driver sound.
My first job at a gas station had this exact system with the sound effect. Never knew what the deal with it was until now.
You know what I have had this question but I don’t pay attention
Fun fact: this wasn't in your recommendation s
..Tails is better
This video kept me up at night
Wait wait wait this is some barensteine bears shit I’ve never noticed this before why
I'm a huge fan of the game Bloodborne. So I was very confused when I would hear sounds in Jojo's Bizarre Adventure that were incredibly familiar. When my brain finally make the connection, I thought perhaps one had used sounds from the other. Upon looking into it, it seemed people were coming to the conclusion that both were using royalty free sounds.
Bro thank you for making this video @Nexpo! This happened to me at some random AM/PM Station and when I called it out, no one knew wtf I was talking about. It happened again later at some other station but I didn't say anything that time. Thought I was crazy.
Sega..? S-sammy..? Oh...oh no...
What's that song at 1:00? I keep hearing it but I can't identify it anymore ;;
I never played Sonic so I never realized that it was a Sonic sound effect. I always just thought of it as the gas station sound effect.
What video game is the background music from… the 1st one?
ive never seen a cash register use a sonic sound effect ever and i feel like this whole video and comment section is attacking and pranking me personally
They don’t use those sound effects here 🇬🇧
I'm confused...lol...who cares? Is there a point to this video? Where's the creepy mystery/conspiracy? Nothing? You're just giving us a history lesson on Sega and pachinco? Smfh...unsubscribing. You were a real one, then you made this video.
I've noticed this at so many gas stations. A unique twist would be a shop that used mario sounds instead.
Your car gotta go fast
Wait, Sega is just a subsidiary?? That explains a lot.
It's a hq version of the Mario coin on a different octave as well....overall review: weak
This doesn't happen in the area I am in it's just the "boodoop"
I thought this was going to be about the random video game noises you hear in the whirring sound the lights make in some gas stations. Hoping for some auditory hallucination spookiness.
I did not even notice that it was the sonic noise till today
if you like em ‘Lemmino’, hehe
Loved this!! Hope you do more c:
Oh my god, somebody else got distracted/ curious about that! I always thought it was just a stolen sound sample by a small company. But that company is not small!
Ive literally never thought about this before, now this won't leave my brain, thanks
I've wondered this myself, working at a convenience store myself
Fuck yeah aquatic ambiance from dkc. Good song choice
Now how about the Super Mario 64 song from that water level being used for hold music on the phone with all manner of different companies?
If you want to do more smaller and lighter mysteries, try looking into the mysterious vending machine in Capitol Hill, Seattle where each selection was marked with a "?mystery?" sticker and it just sold all these old out of circulation sodas.
Well, this was a pretty fun video! Nice change of style; I really liked the silliness of it all
I kinda just figured both used the same stock sound effect...it's kinda common, even back then. Never woulda thought of Sega making cash registers 😂
imagine how suspicious it would be to just see a dude walk in to your store, ask what brand your cash register is, and then they leave. a At least by what you say they didn't seem too suspicious about it.
this is the most boring video i have ever watched
Da fix you talkin bout I’ve never heard that in my life
I was at a BP gas station and it used the Macintosh II startup on the cash register!
this donkey kong music at the start got me in my feels
veeder-root is the company that is involved in the fuel distribution side of that operation... when i, an electrician, work on the electrical wires from the pump to the monitoring system, i take the wires to what is called the veeder root system, which im pretty sure is the 'electronic' that control the measurements of the fuel.  thus veeder root, is probably not as big of a deal as the other name
the donkey king soundtrack just makes me want to cry man.... the nostalgia and feeling that invokes in my old ass 33 year old self is unexplainable.  its so powerful, possibly the most powerful thing in the world,,
i like a little random mystery solved between uploads.   btw, pachinko has destroyed a surprising number of lives.
I’ve literally never heard the sonic sound at a gas checkout before? Guess I’ll be keeping an ear out now to see if this is true in my area.
It's just an old sound effect lol just listen to old music or just the evolution of music. This was a pretty pointless video 🤷
My god I’ve never fully played a sonic game (was a Mario Kid) yet I’ve heard these sounds so much vicariously through gas stations & I’ve never questioned it. wow
I always thought the sounds were just really similar, and I was just crazy for thinking they were the same, since no one ever seemed to notice other than me, and the few times I brought it up, I got weird looks. I'm so glad I'm not crazy (in that area anyways)
a question ive always wondered but was too scared to get the answer to....
What song at 1:00
What song is this
Sonic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought I was the only one
It could be worse. It could be Nintendo and all cash registers saying "It's a me, Mario!".
yes
3:20 if you're leaving the pump unattended, you're doing it wrong and need a spanking.
I've heard mario 1up sound before
I just went into a gas station and when they scanned my candy a sonic ring sound effect came on, I immediately remember you made this video. So here I am, watching a nexpo video about gas stations
Plot twist: **Sonic robs money*
As a kid I would always freak the hell out and frantically tell my mother that the register was making the Sonic hedgehog noise. Even to this day it still gets a slight smile out of me to hear that ring chime from a gaming franchise I love.
its just a new form of advertising and programing. people still play sonic, and this is why (it aint the game play which has gotten worse)
Christ finally
I’ve only encountered a store that has sonic sound effects once, and it was in a rural part of Utah.
What a strange question to answer.
I've noticed something similar to this, a lot of cars made after 2013 have a noise they make when you hit the electronic lock button on your key fob. It sounds exactly like a sound file from Halo Reach that comes from buttons you can interact with during the campaign. It's three high pitched beeps, can't really explain it any better but if anyone else knows what I'm talking about that would be pretty neat.
I apreciate the dkc2 music
I've never heard a Sonic sound effect on a gas station on my whole life
Genuinely kind of thankful for this video, mate. It's like you said, it's a random thing you hear every day and never think about.
I used to work at a gas station using veeder root machines, and the only reason i truly miss that job now is because i want to hear these sounds any time some dude comes in at 2am for a black & mild
instant like from the Donkey Kong Country water level music
i. need. this. sound. at. my. local. supermarket! 😂
HOLY SHIT WHAT I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY PERSON WHO HAD THIS QUESTION
At least from what I remember the handful of times I heard this Sfx was with older gas stations with old cash registers, usually places way out in the forests of Idaho in small Podunk towns. i wouldn't expect many newer gas stations to have the effect, or ones richer parts of town.
Scary story dude
I Remember stopping at a Gas Station down in Georgia 9 years ago in 2012 on my way to a baseball game for UPS Freight employees along with my dad.  I purchased a lottery ticket from that Gas Station and I heard that Sonic Ring Sound Effect from the Cash Register. Pretty Cool.
and i just realized that this came out on my 16th birthday
local chain of dollar stores "Family Dollar" uses the item sound from Resident Evil 2 for their apple/android pay confirmation sound.
wait, so I'm not the only one who's noticed this?
I THOUGHT THAT IT WAS JUST THIS ONE GAS STATION OMFG AAAAAA
okay but what about…     IN N’ OUT AND FORTNITE MUSIC 😳
Midway makes games for Casinos now so im not surprised.
I love the idea of this guy walking around gas stations and talking to the cashiers trying to solve the mystery like Ryo Hazuki from Shenmue.
Honestly im not sure if I've ever heard this at any gas station
I had absolutely no idea was a thing
As a former Enmarket employee, I can confirm that after about the 3,000th time you hear this sound, you stop hearing this sound.
i noticed this when i was buying one of those microwave burgers at like 9 pm thanks for the explanation lol
Ive literally never heard this lmao
I am so glad you actually took the time to talk about this are you there is a gas station away from where I live is station away fromt hat always has the sonic sound and when sonic the hedgehog the movie in 2020 premiered everybody was commenting on it
69k likes nice
My grocery store uses Resident evil 2 menu select for its debit machine.
Why do americans always get all the cool shit
Okay, this fun. I like the more casual, one off random video every once in a while. It's fun, and I think every now and again, it'd be a fun change of pace
That Donkey Kong music takes me back
Beautiful 😍
Y-you....guys have sonic sound effects in your petrol stations....???? Wh.. is this an American thing? I don't understand
I’ve noticed this since I was a kid lol
i dont even live in the US but cool i guess
Bonus round: Nintendo should sell the Super Mario Bros. Fireworks sound effect to them that way, every time you  make a purchase and the last digit ends in a "5" or a "7" it will play!  e.g. "okay your total is $27.35".  (Cue Super Mario Bros fireworks)
Coolest thing about this video is the Aquatic song from Donkey Kong Country
Waiting and holding back for months so I can binge your content is probably the best decision I could’ve ever made <3   Got my popcorn ready
Whatever happened to Adam Sessler? Aaahhh Morgan Webb.....
Ive heard that sound countless times at stores and bars. I never really thought about it until one night at the bar. My friend asked me what the sound reminded me of. Almost instantly i said Sonic.
ive heard a Mario effect  at this hole in the wall Chinese hair store
I'm pretty sure that sound bite he plays randomly is a donkey kong theme from one of the maps...
I honestly never noticed
now i need to know about the mystery of the missing bottle of coors light at 4:55
I walk out of a gas station that had this sound, and I saw this video
Okay, next question: Why do modern Android smart phones make the Diablo 2 town portal/waypoint teleport sound whenever they receive a new notification?
MY OLD FAVORITE GAS STATION WOULD ALWAYS HAVE THAT SOUND AND I HAD NO IDEA WHY, I DIDNT KNOW THIS WAS NORMAL FOR OTHER PEOPLE TOO LOL
They do that?
Here's my late theory; Sega sells their IP to Sammy and Sammy in turn licenses it out to 3rd Party, including Chinese (and I'm assuming German? whatever Gilbarco is) manufactures who made a bunch of registers. Cool, understandable, but why the Sonic coin pickup sound effect? Psychology. They know that if they can get you to even think about rewards, they can turn shopping into even more of an addiction. Think about memberships and reward cards now, how they make you feel like you're in an "exclusive" club and how you feel like you're being "rewarded" for spending your money at a certain location. If they can trigger the monkey reward pleasure part of our brains while we check out, using sounds from a video game and pachinko machines, there stands a change that subconsciously they can bring customers back. It's so slight that you think about it for a split second and it settles in your subconscious, subtly, bringing you back to that location.   Also gas stations are a cult.
Commented for interaction because thank you
I lowkey never noticed this
So this video really ended like a good ass movie 😂😂👍🏾
I literally noticed it ,the day, years ago, when a local station got the registers... I’m a 90s millennial so, I easily noticed it because it was ear catching instantly 😂😂👍🏾
For me the penny dropped at "gilbarco" they maintain most gas stations in ... new Zealand
Doing my night shift at a gas station right now lol, my register sounds like this too, i guess they all do?
is this an american thing?`bruh
wait      WHAT NO FKN WAY
dude wtf i always hear that
0:59 chrono trigger? legend of zelda link to the past? No wait... DK. Yeah that 12 hour nintendo relaxing video was it
I hear the Sonic sound effect at Wawa. I never realized it until I watched this video though
I use to work for Gilbarco Veeder-Root as an End User Computing Specialist
You should make more of this!
I apperently I cried because the cashier wouldnt let me play the game on their register. Baby me was an idiot
I heard the sound years ago and recognized it instantly even though I never played Sonic. I remembered the companies Sega and Konami, while known for their gaming, also do a lot in service machines, adult gaming, and program structure. I assumed that the noise was used in some part to demonstrate the primary ownership or program partnership of the devices as well as having a overt tone to acknowledge sales.
Why on earth does this have so many dislikes? It's a good video
I always thought that the sound effect existed before sonic
The Donkey Kong country underwater track was beautiful. Especially with the footage used in the beginning.
I've always wondered why Target's card readers use an Samsung notification 😂
I remember hearing the ring sound effect from a register at a gas station
These are the questions we need answers to. I’ve literally always wondered this?!?!?
sonic coins and gas stations. why am i still scared to watch this one alone in the dark?
“But it’s somethin to me”   Finally we got some real men tackling real issues
6 year old me heard the sound and went "waiiit a minute"
song at 0:59?
Your touching a landmine mate, sonic.exe is haubting those cash registers
just got this in my recommended, did this channel predict the future?
This video has inspired me to draw some very unsettling fan-art....
Scarlet video to date
lol I work graveyard shift at a gas station, I never thought I'd hear "gilbarco veeder root" coming from this channel lol
I’ve never once heard that sound effect at a cash register. Must be a regional thing.
I immediately recognized the background music as the underwater scenes from Donkey Kong on SNES. Truly classic music. Good choice.
I look at the title, and I think, "finally, someone else who gets it!"
I worked at a McDonald's with a barco register but no sounds. :(
“Let me take you back to 1975”   *gives me visceral flashbacks to 1994*
The big question  is why didn't  Nintendo  sue these gas stations
this topic has baffled me ever since I was a kid!
This brought up a cringey memory of my first experience hearing this at a gas station. I was probably 19 and lived in a small town with only 1 privately owned convenience store for a long time so I wasn't exposed to it for a while. I went in, placed my goods on the counter, and I heard it. It lit up some serotonin hearing that "brrring!" I immediately said, "I love your text tone!" I thought it was the cashier's phone 🤦‍♂️he of course looked at me like I was an idiot. I just thought at the time he was thinking "why is this stranger speaking to me?". It occurred to me much later that this was the register. Dear God.
I have always wondered about this!!
bruh the ones near me just beep
"light hearted video"  music still crawls up your spine
What lmao I've lived in a quarter of the states in the US and I've never heard a fucking sonic sound at a checkout
So why are they using that noise tho?
No one will read this, but I was one of the first certified Passport installers in my state.  I had the pleasure of installing this system in MANY stores.   It's a windows-based system effectively.  There are reports of customers "customizing" the sounds, but there are periodic program updates that are supposed to revert them back.  That "Uh Ohh!!" is forever ingrained in my head...the one you hear upon age verification for smokes or beer.
I forgot that these registers exist. The last time I heard a cash register do this was in Texas.
Dude I thought I was the only one that noticed
What's the name of the song that starts at 1:00? Sounds so familiar.
Sonic is awesome
Gas station and convenience store cash registers use Sonic sound effects? I've never in my life heard _any_ registers use Sonic sound effects.
asking for the manufacturer of cash registers at gas stations? sounds mildly sketchy.
4AM Gas station Clerk : Hello Sir, will that be all for you? NEXPO : What is the brand name of your register? Gas station Clerk : (STARTS TO PANIC AND REACHES FOR GUN)    Edit: Do I hear the save room music for Resident Evil Remake (2002)?
I played the shit out of the Sonic games on Genesis.  I worked at a gas station for several years, and of course have been going to them ever since.    I have never, ever realized that so-familiar sound was the same in both places.   My mind is blown
Lmao Aquatic Ambiance
And to this day...  They're still looking for who asked.
i have never heard a cash register do this
Glad I'm not the only one
All the pos systems run on genesis emulators
I KNEW I WASN'T CRAZY. I hear this shit so often at the gas stations I visit and I even asked wtf THAT was about...
Been waiting for someone to make a video about this lmao
gas station register makes a ring sound me: "do that 100 times and you'll get an extra life" cashier: "that's mario" *bruh*
I’ve been wondering this for a while now, actually. Ended up just thinking it was a case of Sega “branching out” ever since they got out of the console hardware business.
i dont think my local gas stations do this so the video was like "you've seen the title so you already know what this video is about" and i was like no???
The intro music is enough to give a hint that mysteries about to unveil
How come everyone leaves out the sega genesis and only speaks on the dream cast sonic was on the genesis before dreamcast was even invented not to mention sega had Gameboy and psp  beat with the first handheld system as well maybe they were trying to be too advance or tried to hard and lost
YES! FINALLY SOMEONE BRINGS IT UP!
Today I learned american cash registers have sonic sound effects
Finally! I was wondering why this was a thing!
watching this after hearing the sfx at a gas station
I can't say I've ever noticed this before and it seems like something I would notice.
O yea I think I heard of that before I forgot tho.
Lol I remember first hearing this shit in 2009 or 10 I never thought I'd get an answer.
I've never even heard of this.
Next thing sega starts shooting everything in there local gas stations
There was a yt channel called carnage count and she will used that sound if a person dies in the film and every time I'm in a gas station and hear that sound i think someone died.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed that. It was my favorite part of going ti gas stations actually because I grew up playing those games.
4:43 Nexpo wanted a Monster, that adds up
I never noticed
God I love the donkey Kong country water level theme!
I miss my dreamcast and crazy taxi. To be a kid in the 90s again....
Pumping gas and ripping ass with Sonic
What song at 1:00? It is not in the description
Here's a theory for you. So we all know that those sounds come from Sonic, specifically picking up a ring.  Now, what's the best business motto for any convenience store/gas station? The faster they can get customers in and out, the more profit, right?  Now what's a common catchphrase with Sonic? "Gotta go fast" ring any bells?   But that's just one layer of this theory. It also plays to the people who prefer older genres of video games, late 90s to early 2000s era.  By that measure, your target audience would sit around 21-30 years of age. Prime real estate for those nostalgia blows. You here that catchy tone, brings back fond memories and as a kid, you most likely are candy and drank soda, yes?  So you're getting this nostalgic ping and the first couple of times you decide you're thirsty so you get a fountain drink and you could use a bit of nostalgia in the realms of flavor too, so you pick up some good, old snickers bars. Just like the old days.  But this isn't over quite yet, no. Think about mice and how they can be trained to do certain actions to get a reward like food or stimulation.  This falls within that same vein, eventually you become conditioned to that nostalgia and you've been programmed to grab a few items, maybe it's paper towels, or windshield wiper fluid, or motor oil, or whatever. Because this place now invokes the thought process of "well I can get that at the gas station."  Whereas you'd normally buy those things from a supermarket or an auto store. It's a one stop shop, with that added bonus of that hit of nostalgia.   But hey, that's just a theory...  A business theory, thanks for reading!
I’m so uncomfortable that I’ve never heard the sonic sound in a store like this...
Let me guess.... the Sonic developers took the sound from the same generic source? Honestly, I never noticed that the sounds are the same. Okay, back to the video now.
Oh yaaa those donkey Kong songs brought me back instantly....
1:00 what song is that? It’s the most beautiful sounds i ever heard.
0:59 anyone else get their heart ripped out everytime they hear this track? So many childhood memorys playing DK
Hey man.. this video is not that good. It’s boring as fuck and no one cares. Sorry to break it to you.
Cant catch the hedgehoh
Got recomended this after seing Jo beat sonic
Hi Jo
hi jo
1st     (hi Jo)
Lol always wondered this but thought it was cool randomly hearing it in a BP
Never knew I needed this.
This LITERALLY happened to me today at an Exxon gas station today and I asked the cash register if he noticed and he didn’t😭
must be US thing cause i've never ever heard about this phenomenon
In 2021 I don’t hear any of them anymore
I have questioned this for so long
It reminds me of this one time when I went for a vacation with my husband at only the Cracker Barrel in that town it always had creepy hallloween sounds during the summer time and random screaming and creeping door sounds and creepy music
That’s really interesting I never really thought about it. As a side business I repair and re-calibrate industrial electronica equipment. Mostly industrial and process control equipment but from time to time I accidentally come across pallet loads of cash registers and point-of-sale systems. From really old ones to very nice modern touchscreen models. I’ll have to take a look into a few of them and see if I can discover anything interesting, maybe tap into the sound chips in the older models and have a bit of fun.
When I was on vacation in the US and our bus stopped at a rest stop I immediately noticed the sound! :D It's such an obscure random thing
Who is this "we" what dimension do you live in
Just like I hear mario sounds come out of nowhere in a basketball game on tv
I heard donkey Kong country music at the beginning
Theres a gas station near me that uses this cash register lol
I always assumed that it was just a coincidence that two parties would use an ascending tone for their thing
I finally encountered one in the wild while on vacation today. The convinece stores in my area are boring and don't have this sound effect.
I'm not even joking when I say this is my favorite Nexpo video. It's just so random but really interesting.
What game is that music from at 0.59? I've heard it before but its driving me crazy not knowing what it is.
Thank God I’m not the only one. I’ve always thought I was insane
You know what's weird? At the end of a Sonic level it counts up your score, and after that it makes what I think is a cash register sound effect.
I’ve never heard a cash register do this anywhere, I’m Canadian so maybe that’s why but still I’ve been to America plenty of times
Way past cool
this was the best fucking video i've watched all year
Everyone: Why do gas stations have Sonic the Hedgehog noises? Oh well, time to carry on. Nexpo: Why? I need the answers, where are the 3 journals to explain this strange phenomenon? I'm not moving on. You need to wake up not me.
30s in why sonic using gas station noises? Not a fan but please dont waste my time
Gas stations use Sonic sound effects...plot twist: Sonic uses gas station sound effects
I’m so happy someone else noticed!
That nostalgic Donkey Kong underwater music....
This was fun, interesting, and most importantly.... not scary. 🤣
This reminds me of alot of series and movies that uses sounds from video games like world of warcraft, red alert and many many others... How ? Why ?.... Do they lease or pay for it or what the heck is going on... Whyyyy..?
Why did this get recommended to me after I literally started working at a gas station 😭
Would be funny if there are also cash registers that make the sound of Super Mario collecting a coin
i knew i recognized the music in the background thats donkey kong :,( i miss being young
thought i was crazy
Odd. That company is everywhere in Australia and I've never heard any of their machines make a sonic sound. Maybe it's a regional thing. 🤷
yo i never noticed that shit. this got me all sorts of messed up
that aquatic dk music
Conspiracy: Sammy is owned by SammyClassicSonicFan and that's why they used that sound effect.
Bruh america weird
Lol in I don't think we have those in Europe, but I love those self serving checkouts whit robotic voices, in one store they sound like robot is on verge of theirs, and one I frequent instead of saying thank you for shopping here, cuts out on half the sentence and seas thank you for being (non English speaking country so not exact translation).
maybe this is an American thing because I've never heard it before in Canada
With your deep voice and how you make videos, even a lighthearted mystery like this sounds like you're tryna figure out who killed someone
I was a gas station clerk for a few years and i heard that sound everyday wondering why every register makes that sound lol but i liked it cuz of nostalgia. This video actually made me kinda miss working gas station jobs tbh
0:59 That sounds like the underwater tune from Diddy Kong
okay fam i love your vids n shit lmao but i literally cannot watch them on a tv. idk what the unnecessary backround bass is for but i’ll barely be able to hear your voice while my house shakes :/
I must correct you NCR (National Cash Registers)has the whole market when it comes to POS registers, Including in Japan and China. Also the payment device presented in this video as the ISC250 while still being used today is not the latest secure payment device that would be the Verifone MX915/925.
The POS system at my gas station also has the coin chime
I've never heard this...
whats the song that starts at 1:03?
Never heard a cash register make a sonic noise...
this video makes me feel happy and not as hopeless
mine control
The library scanner at my old university used Banjo-Kazooie sound FX
1:56 is why I never liked loaning out CDs/DVDs
This is probably rather late but the Passport help tone sounds eeriely like something out of dino criss
Only 70k gas stations with convenience stores in the US? That's even more shocking!
Can you do a video on the Sonic statue in the middle of the mountains?
holy fucking shit bro thats so fucking scary im about to piss my diaper
Pov: it's a easter egg in real life
Of all the Youtube channels I follow, Nexpo has my favorite intro <3
i think you watched too many gas station encouters videos...
I’m glad this video exists
everyone saying that this video isnt scary til it gets sniped down by big gas station
I love u videos man... Keep killin'it.
I was getting resident evil vibes with that first track.... turns out you used an RE track lol
I worked in IT Support for a gas station company until about a year ago that used the Gilbarco Passport POSs. Most of my job consisted of working on the Passports through a remote connection whenever a store employee/manager submitted a ticket reporting they were having an issue with their POS or any other computer equipment they used. I had to get a specific Gilbarco certification to be able to work on the Passports and the company I worked for flew me out to the Gilbarco Factory in North Carolina to take the certification course. Its cool to see a mystery that is so close to something I am actually familiar with. Somehow, I actually never made the connection to the Sonic games until I saw this video. Unfortunately, I do not have an answer to the mystery though.
In 2019 I was at a hotel restaurant in Croatia and I kept hearing the Mario kart DS 321 go sound and I was thinking it was some kid playing mario kart or watching a mario kart video but it might've just been the cash register
These comments have add to homescreen dying I laughed so hard could barely breathe
Did.... did nexpo just make an entire video about a cash register conspiracy with sega...?
Chances are if you go to grab a snack while your gas is pumping Chances are You should go  ack to your car and watch the pump like your supposed to you insignificant fuck. Sincerely,  A gas station worke.r
Fun Fact: When I was 4 and was checking out at the Gas Station, I heard that sound effect and asked the cashier if they were playing Sonic, they said no and was left in confusion. I wish I was kidding.
One of the biggest questions I've ever had.
AQUATIC AMBIENCE FUCK YEAHHHHHH
maybe they just use the sound because they're ringing you up.
it would be awesome if the cashregister had a button that would just play the title screen music, but i know that wont happen because thats not how it works.
him: "You read the title so you know what it is about"  Me, a brazilian, who never ever set foot in the USA: *Confusing noises*
Short answer: Gotta go fast
Sonic is secretly the godfather of the P.O.S. cashregistermafia.
The long pauses of dead silence and a black screen are annoying AF.
Does anyone know the song names for the ones at 1:00 and 2:35? Thanks in advance!
Damn... That donkey Kong country ocean theme.
I remember going to a gas station with my dad when I was 4 or 5 years old.I wanted a jolly ranchers ice cream,so when we bought it I noticed the sonic ring sound came from the register when the cashier was placing the ice cream on the register scanner.I asked the cashier,”why is there a sonic coin sound??” (I still didn’t know it was called a ring so come at me) then the cashier answered my question with a dumb answer by singing the sonic colors intro theme.I still thought that was a weird experience for me
You know... I never even noticed! Lol
Is it just me or does Nexpo adds "s" to so many words "you are checking outS with one of those systems", "listening to the sweetS nostalgic jingle"?
In Australia, every now and then when I visit a gas station, pub or mini casino, there will be the sound for Link opening up chests from Ocarina Of Time. I’m assuming it’s just a regional thing that has different sound effects wherever you go?
could ask the same thing on why McDonald's was using the Red Alert sound effect from Star Trek for quite a few years.
I didn’t even realize they were using the sound effect.
This is such a specific mystery that I've also been wondering for many years.
thank you. finally, answers.
So true tho. I always remember hearing the sonic sound thing for the first time thinking they like it so much they used it but never gave it a 2nd thought to why tho. Very interesting tho
Yes!! Every Chevron I visit has it
Good topic but disappointing resolution. No concrete information has been revealed aside from the name of a common cash register brand.
All gas station headquarters are actually in Green Hill Zone.
or maybe they lacked of many samples back in the day so they repeated them in several machines.
Number 16, Sonic Hedgehog Register.
I never heard that before
imagine gas stations using the Kingdom Hearts treasure chest sound effect when they open their registerz
I live in America, and have never once heard a cash register, let alone a gas station one, use this sound effect.
That was really
what country is this from? I’ve never heard any sound effect after the peep barcode scanner. I’m from Singapore and never encountered this before. But ya it’s just werid
so okay y’all think “sammy classic sonic fan” is actually named sammy and it’s a simple glitch or he was actually on top of this info before anyone?
an am pm near my home has the sonic ring sound as a scan noise
I loved this video!!!
I came across a gas station with a sonic ring sound effect when I was 9 and on a roadtrip with my family. When I heard it I immediately recognized and called it.
I was hoping you would show the till making the noise, as I genuinely had no idea what you was talking about lol.
when i started playing sonic in 1st grade and then went to the bp gas station by my grandpas house to get juice i heard it and was like “HOLY SHIT”
2:37
Yeah thats weird lol
I just watched a disturbing things on.the internet video. I saw this in the list and tapped it for recovery ☺️
I can’t believe Sammy was a sonic fan even before he was born
Not sure if it’s your mic or how you speak but I’ve noticed that when you say words that end with a T you pronounce an S at the end. Like when you say ‘that’ your pronounce “thats”
I cant take sega and sammy together seriously
Sonic did it after the registers, you’re collecting coins like a register
Que creepy music for absolutely no reason.
At the local shell station, every time the cashbox is opened it plays the sonic ring sound lmao been wanting to now why
At first I was confused Bc I never hear this when pumping gas like ppl claim, but then I remembered I live in Jersey and don’t even know how to work a gas pump 😔
Mark this on things I've never noticed but will never be able to unhear
2:35 Resident Evil ost I like it!
Maybe the real cults were the friends we made along the way.
Why? Cause they're frickin fricks.
I have never heard sonic sounds from a cash register
Glad to see someone else has noticed this fun instance of Sonic in our daily lives. Just as weird, I've heard the Final Fantasy IV Menu "be-ding" sound used for cash registers as well. I wonder if Square Enix has a similar partnership / division with market diversification?
Uh... No?  I've literally never noticed or wondered about this.
This channel is amazing for its deep investigations.
The real mystery is why you would choose Monster over literally ANY other energy drink. Shit taste like sugary sewer water.
Please make more of these!!
I’ve never heard a cash register make that noise before, am I crazy or have I not been paying attention?
I mean... Maybe the real rings are the snacks we grabbed along the way?
We have those registers they crash all the time
Four months later i still watch this video during meals
This is such an American thing. I’ve never heard this in any country in Oceania, Europe or Asia lol
LMAO, I completely forgot they do that XD
These must not be in Canada. I've been to a fair share of gas stations and I've never heard this. Even when I've visited America, I've never heard this.
the only thing more scary than watching this at night is watching it in the early morning
Haha, I loved this one, time worth it. Ask, I never noticed that so cool
Youtubers and Donkey Kong Country music - Why?
Here in Australia, the gas station I work at uses the Gilbarco Vender-Root software and I have literally never heard any Sonic sound effect.
Hold on tho....we not gonna talk about the donkey kong ocean level music tho🤦🤣🤣
Yoooooooooooo!!!!!! I KNEW I wasn't fuckin trippin'!! Every time I hear that shit I'm like wtf, SONIC?! I wanna play!! What is that about??!!🤦🤨🤔
Here in Brazil some restaurants use a system that plays this sound effect when you press the button to call a waiter
I love the shorter, lighthearted ones every once in a while
I thought I was the only one who noticed. Now I wanna head to the gas station and get a Gatorade blackberry wave.
Shook me to my core.
I heard a sonic map song playing at Walmart a month ago.
I Have Heard This Sound Effect When We Purchase A Hot Dog At A Local Clarks Exxon Gas Station On Schillinger, Road In Alabama.
Me: exam happening tomorrow Also me: why does convenient store has sonic sound
I have never heard that at a  convenient store
In the Netherlands at AH at the self check out registers when you've paid it makes a sound that sounds like the ending of pewdiepie's intro.
Oh my god you guys get sonic sounds in your shops?
Well that was 5 min wasted lol
I NEVER THOUGHT OF THIS OR REALIZED BEFORE OHMYGAWD
Sonic is that you
Always wondered this as a kid
One of the stores in my neighborhood use the ring sounds
Lmao I've always wondered about this
I came here after binge watching Gas Station Encounters.  I  Need Answers.
YASS I KNEW I WASN’T THE ONLY PERSON WHO EVER NOTICED THIS
Could've at least put viewer discrection. How tf am I supposed to sleep?
I always thought that the cashier put this in themselves and if anyone found out, then they would get sued.
Sonic.exe is real
this is not your usual type of topic, not dark at all. how ever thats not a bad thing. grade a work as always
I worked at a few different convenience stores and I always thought about this. I worked at a prime stop and a Casey's and they both used the same noise.
I've legit wondered this before but assumed it was one of many custom options in the machine (that didn't include the mario coin sound effect) as a long time sonic & geberal video game fan I'd definitely use it simple as that lol
There used to be a gas station in my town that used this sound. It started getting less and less business over the years and unfortunately the pandemic took it out of its misery and now the building just sits there. Waiting to be demolished or bought. I had good memories of the place and was a little bit sad when I drove by the place and found it to be out of business.
Plot twist: sonic lead a cult of mutant cash registers.
...Must save Sonic... *walk into Gas station with hammer*
Could also be in part as a semi-subliminal cross promotion
How does he manage to make everything scary 😂
Damn i really kinda..... Dont care
The best part about playing Sonic in the early 90’s.......   Hearing..... 🎶🎵S E G Aaaaaa 🎵🎶  on initial load.
0:59 That music immediately gave me goosebumps    @ !@ ! !$ !!   @ ! !$ !( * % %  -  % # !%   @^ !% !$ % !(
I'm used to hearing the same sounds all over. Stock sound effects become very noticeable once you pay attention. For instance, I have heard the bird tweet whistle that plays when you go through the turnstile at Disneyland used in registers before as well (or some other electronic system; I believe it was a register)
Going around asking gas station cashiers what brand their cash registers were probably wasn't suspicious at all
Oh shit, that's a sonic sound!
I always just assumed the cash registers used the same synthesizer chip as the Sega Genesis.
I always heard it and knew it was familiar but never played sonic, i think the sound gives me nostalgia from the register itself...
I NEVER NOTICED AND NOW IM MAD BECAUSE ILL NEVER UNHEAR IT. GOD DAMN IT NEXPO--
I clicked on this thinking it was some weird deep web lingo, but no, it is literally about cash registers making sonic noises. Crazy world we live in
guy makes video about nothing an at the end learns nothing
I heard it when in like 2013 and my little 7 year old brain was so confused
Gilbarco is just the fuel delivery computer system. The sounds that come out of the pumps are proprietary to the pumps, and the registers are often Radiant, Ruby, or Emerald systems  Wait a minute...
I see someone else likes donkey kongs water world music.
Dk water level
Loved this! Just what I needed before going to bed haha.
Just shit my pants because I just connected the sounds, I always hear it in the store but I only just now made the connection
Holy shit that donkey Kong music at the beginning gave me an amazing feeling I can’t describe
Wait... cash registers have the sonic the hedgehog sound?? Huh?? I've never heard that in my entire life. And I'm almost 33 years old.. and before you say "why yes you've definetly heard it, just probably didnt notice" no. I've worked at numerous gas stations and never have I ever...Maybe it's just where you live bro...
I remember watching this video shortly before moving to LA. I heard that ring and IMMEDIATELY thought of you
I heard the Sonic ring sound effect at my local gas station as well
its literally about sonic sounds in stores but its still scares me a bit :((
underwater donkey kong music.
“But it’s something to me.” We know it is, Nexpo. We know it is.
Okay, but what about the ICQ "Uh-oh!" That i hear
I have litaraly never heard that sound out side of a sonic game
I’ve worked as a cashier, how the hell do you know what brand is the register??
Am I watching this while taking a writing snapshot?? And my district is gonna see it?? And I only have an hour and no idea to match the prompt??  Maybe, but you'll never know👁👅👁💧
That DK water level song is such a classic i have it on mp3 ...such a beautiful song 😭
Well damn I figured it would have been the other way around, that it was a stock ca-ching sound effect. But instead it's the most subliminal marketing campaign ever conceived. Bravo Sega.
I live in Canada and didn't know any of this super neat!
WHAT is the name of the song that starts at 1:00 ik the noise and melody but don’t remember the song
I never really noticed that, that’s crazy.
A very interesting example of just how much major corporation inter-connect to bleed into the most mundane things. Who would've thought a little bit of SEGA was in all those cash registers?
Why did I click on this at 2am, now I won't be able to sleep.
I think I've heard that sound thousands of times in my life and I never pieced it together that it's from sonic.....
I really started noticing this from gas station encounters
I knew I always heard to Sonic ring sound when checking out!
Is this just a US thing? I'd love to hear that I've gained rings for buying a bottle of coke at a corner shop over here
if i was working at a cash register and someone asked me what model it is, i would assume im about to be robbed lol.
what the fuck i didnt even notice until now
Don’t think I have ever noticed this in uk
I remember when I got my mom a free car wash when I was in a convenience store/gas station place because I told a gas station worker I thought the Sonic reference was cool.
Unfortunately you didn't privide any evidence but simply an assumption that "sega helped develop or licensed the sound effects"  yeah that was pretty clear already before watching the video.
I actually work for a subsidiary of Sega-Sammy, the reason they have the sound is engineers developing the POS systems needed a ding sound for the registers. They contacted Sega-Sammy and got a contract to use the “Sonic Ring” sound as it was easily recognizable and served their purpose. I made all of this up, just now. I also don’t work for them. 😁
Seems to be outta ideas this was wack af
I just realised Nexpo's speech quirk is to randomly add an "s" to words  Guess he's a hissing reptilian illuminati lol
You should do more of these, they're nice bite-sized videos to tackle on in the morning
Actually it's a lot simpler than you think. For multiple years SEGA and Nascar have been doing cross-promos between each other. It was back in 99' that they started to put the sounds on cash registers in Stop N' Go's for example, and other NASCAR promoted convenience stores. Like your other theory, it just stayed with the cashier OS and become pretty turn for the OS in the cash registers and you hear it quite commonly now.  But look into it a bit, there's been many promos between Sonic, SEGA and NASCAR over the years. It's rather weird and neat.
*capitalism*
FINALLY SOMEONE ELSE NOTICES IT
I love how you used aquatic ambience from donkey Kong country 😍😋
i like em
1:45 I heard vegito
I hear it to
I THOUGHT I WAS BUGGINNNN
Never ever heard these at any gas stations or convince stores
This is really interesting to me! The gas station I work at uses these terminals! They work pretty well for their age. The ring collection sound plays whenever an item is selected on the register. Really, really cool!
Me: buys a pack o' cigs Sonic: You shouldnt have done that
Osaka will blow your mind...you won't leave the subway without being bathed in all sorts of familiar yet unfamiliar sounds.
-shows Dreamcast ads-  Why yes, this is the 70’s.  Edit: the Dreamcast was in the late 90’s and also the “sonic” sound isn’t his, it’s a universal sound acquired by SEGA and actually used in a lot of games made by SEGA, just in the sound files. So, it isn’t the “sonic” sound, more of the “SEGA” sound
Thank you for this!  I've wondered this too.
I worked at a circle k gas station in the woodlands tx for 3 and half years and this sound is engrained in my soul Also the sound of the door opening  I would hear it in my sleep at night  Strangest thing how those sounds stay with you Also Used to have to work on the the veeder root system with no training bearing the shit out of that thing till it worked lmao
Dude I got a sound effects ad before this video started.
I could listen to this guy's story all day I'm on video 6 already and it's back to back
That reminds me about those claw machines with that one weird cover of an Abba song playing all the time.  ...kinda want that to be looked into now.
I seen that pesky hedgehog siphoning gas at my local shell station
I wonder more why heart monitors and cash registers in grocery stores sound the same.
When a credit card declines it should make the sound when sonic gets hurt
Plot twist: this video was all a cover up for him asking the type of cash register before robbing the place
Capcom music in a sega sound effect video, nice touch
I've heard a couple of these noises at gas stations around my area  Its nifty
I will bet my ass its a cult.
It really is “nuhtin”
I thought that was just a weird thing at the station near my house!
I would guess the sound was just sold by a royalty free sound effect company
I don't mind this being a shorter segment about something random but I do feel like a lighthearted video deserves some slightly lighthearted music, but this is a more darker-themed channel so I dunno. Internet mysteries or weird occurrences seem like they fit, but this feels more like a "shower thoughts" topic than something truly riveting and interesting.
I live in uk and never heard this! My daughter loves sonic, she would be in her element hearing this at checkout
I’m a cashier and never have heard this but ok
I remember in the summer of 2019 I kept hearing the sonic ring sound wherever I went in the general area around where I lived and it just stopped one day
0.59 onwards, what is that backing track, I've heard it before but cant place it. shazam aint picking it up either
Okay but that laugh of yours is adorable as hecc
Music at 1:08 from donkey Kong?
I used to live with my grandma and there was a gas station down the road, and every time we bought something the sound effect would play and I was the only one that recognized it
I thought it was that sonic sound effects made customers think of sonic, which makes them think of going fast, which makes them buy more gas
As someone from the UK I can say I've never heard sonic sounds from any cash register here so this must be a US thing
Stores put the ring sound from Sonic? Since when the hell?!? I've never heard of this..    Well, maybe because I live in Puerto Rico, but it still doesn't make sence..
I worked at ESSO in canada for 5 years wich is a branch of EXXON and we used these EXACT REGISTER with the sonic sound.
Holy cow I just found this channel from reddit and I've been missing out.
YES i was always confused why id hear a ring noise at the register lol i was 7 and told my dad “that sounds like the ring collecting sound from sonic”
ive just started to watch your channel and i love all your content. youre doing a great job.
Hey! I saw that clip of someone packaging cheese at a register on a Reignbot video!
At 1:42 or so, can anybody ID that song in the background? It reminds me of Resident Evil save room music.
I work at a bike renting (ov fiets) and bike stalling place at one of the train stations in the Netherlands (Sloterdijk) and I have these android run handhelds that make a beeping noise when I rent out one of those bikes. The beeping sound sounds like the menu option sound from Resident Evil 1 (original)
I've heard that sound thousands of times and even though it ALWAYS sounded extremely familiar, but I never put 2 & 2 together, lol
Someone else noticed!
i thought this was only a thing where i live????? i didn't know it was universal
I only clicked on this video because "Sonic Sound Effects". I hear that soun effect when i take a shower
I wouldn't know what Sonic was; I wasn't one of those gross kids who seemed like losers to me even at our age then lmfaoo
wow. of course they'd want to subconsciously gamify making purchases. capitalist brainwashing runs deeeeeep
ryan i just wanna say ur amazing bro <3
calling it now. Gas stations used it first. it was just a royalty free sound the sonic devs chose.
I started working at a grocery store recently and started noticing this - thanks for the explanation!
Song at 1:00
What’s the song on the vid
Next episode: Ready to go!
At 2:40 when I heard that music start playing I immediately look back at my phone. I haven't heard that song in years
yo i thought it was just the corner store by my house that had this
Never noticed that wtf
I expected a creepy conspiracy theory.  Turns out, it’s only a boring business venture.
So I'm not alone in noticing that.
Everytime a Nexpo video ends, i fall into deep depression until another upload
I heard the sonic ring noise when I was in the grocery store then I decided to watch this vid
Lol I never noticed that it made that noise I guess you get so used to it you just don’t realize
Vale Ski resort pass scanners make a Mario coin sound when scanning staff passes. Figure that one out if you have some spare time, it was driving me crazy.
I never noticed
love that donkey kong music
I knew it My mom told me the sound existed before sonic but I had my doubts. I  k n e w  I t
I wish I was early to this
"Nuttin'"
it's hard being a gamer in our society
Plot twist. Dr. Robotnik built the software
I just assumed this was another case of "popular sound effect is actually a stock sound effect" like the Wilhelm Scream or the flying noise the powerpuff girls make when they blast off. This is cool as shit though and I'm glad I was wrong!! I love it when little mundane things are interesting :)
On my PS4, I have the Resident Evil 20th Anniversary theme. The background music in this video is the same one from that theme. I keep thinking my PS4 is on.
That underwater music from donkey kong country gives me nostalgia.
God this is terrifying
It's 1975 *cue Donkey Kong Country music*
thanks for the DK nostalgia
1:00 what song is this?
You should absolutely do these.  I loved the investigation even if it was super short.  Doesn’t always have to be scary.  This was pretty good.
Is that Resident Evil music @ 3:12 ?
sega video but he puts a Nintendo game as the background music lmfao
Finally got an answer to this lol bugged me for years
ive been binging these videos and safe to say i will not be sleeping tonight hahahahhah
Why stop at sonic? Lets bring in as many video game sound effects for our everyday visits to these stores.
Damm ya'll need to go inside a gas station
Finally
Makes me feel like all us nerds/gamers/90s babies are connected whenever we hear that jingle and furrow our brows in confusion at the gas station.
literally never had this is my sub box I’m so mad
SEGA😭😭
The way he says “nothin” is like when you have that really southern relative, you know the one with a giant jacked up truck and goes bass fishing at a Texas beach but yet he was born in New Jersey.  I feel like this is kind of an obscure thing. Ahh only in Virginia.
I have too and its really weird
Fun fact I have a stove that has a legend of zelda bit
It’s funny I found this video. I was in Vermont a few years ago and at a convenience store/gas station I had to stop for a sec cause I thought I was going crazy buying my stuff until the cashier scanned another time and I heard the sonic ring noise
You could add suspense to a children’s cartoon man, always spooked no matter what. Love the retro aesthetic spook vibes bruh, like a nostalgic terror
I've never heard that sound outside of a video game
I've heard this sound all the time but never related it to Sonic for some reason. When he pointed it out, it was so obvious, but I had never connected the dots before
What is the music in the background after the 1 minute mark?! I know I recognize it
I literally never noticed this before
I went on a road trip recently and at every gas station I thought someone was playing sonic lol
Am I the only one who like subconsciously acknowledged that Sonic sound effects were there but never actually gave it any thought until now?
These noises in a nutshell+BOOM=RINGS RINGS RINGS RINGS RINGS
In our country there is no sound like this...
Ad: "visit our Snack center" *procceds to show a car driving away into the unknown*
I've never heard a sonic coin noise from any sort of check out in my entire life
America is a weird place...
This didn't explain anything.
Back when I didn't know what Sonic was, I always called the sonic ring sound the "gas station noise"
I always wondered about this too, LOL. XD I wonder why there's not a Mario one too. :p
ok but  these same systems also make the ICQ message "uh-oh" sound [I believe it's one sound for taxable and the other for tax-free items], where does Mirabilis/AOL/Time Warner fit in to this?
I've never heard this in Canada. It's always been beeps and boops at the register.
I deffantly know that sound, but I've never heard it at a cash register b4. That's funny!
Gotta say this one really was a bit of a dud.
I hear it sometimes
I have never in my life heard Sonic sound effects at a register
Does Anyone Know The Music At 0:59? Thanks
i've literally never seen this where i live. most of the ones around here are just an ipad on a swivel mount or something similar
I never noticed that lol
i never noticed this butill be on the lookut for it
Lol I’ve never heard a cash register make a sonic noise
Waynesburg, PA. McDonalds + TrueConvienence. Same Sonic ring sound.
That's funny, because i heard that in a gas station in the United States for the first time in my life 5 years ago and i was so confused. Thought no one else noticed.
i like what you do its really interesting
Sega worked together with sammy yeats ago already.
Hey nexpo, i know im a bit late to the party, but i wanted to throw some input in here. Galbarco does a lot more work regarding the actual gas equipment. they focus more on the actual pumps and the tank systems. The veeder root product (which is a hellish thing that i will forever hate as it screams like a banshee if anything goes wrong) is something that monitors the amount of gas left in the stations tanks as well as the temp, water content and a few other readings that i never got into as a tech. The main system that you will see in the actual stations will be a be Veriphone or NCR(this goes for a lot of groceries as well). Veriphone and NCR are typically in charge of the actual POS hardware but only sometimes have a hand in the software. Veriphone has their own systems, but can have other software run on them with little to no issue. NCR is a bit more tricky and as far as i have seen, they ten to run independent software. so the sound file would be spread a lot further than you would think making this even more of a wide spread theory. Especially since multiple parent companies who have multiple things like gas stations, grocery stores, and even some general stores, which all have completely different hardware and software, all with the same audio file.  but this is just what i have seen working at a few different companies in the US so things may vary outside of my scope.
i hear a zelda sound in domino's pizza
this is a video about gas station registers and im still creeped out what the hell
Thank you I have been wondering this since childhood
HOW DID I NEVER NOTICE THIS MY ENTIRE LIFE WHAT
You're telling me there's only 70,000 convenience/gas stations in the US? Why does that seem so low?
It's all fun and games until someone breaks in at night and the drowning theme begins playing
Wait what? Is this just an American thing?
I actually never heard any of this sonic sound effect and I worked at a couple retail jobs.
Wtf....okay I'm subscribing
Thx I got hella scared after watching some of ur vids
This must be an American problem. We don't have this in Canada, I wish we did though
Did anyone ever think of the fact that it was Sonic that took the register sound? Those registers look older than sonic lol
please dont
I wonder if they chose that specific sound intentionally. As in millions of people associate that sound with being rewarded, it probably triggers a positive feeling every time you buy something at a checkout.
OOOh I knew it was familiar I never asked
Boring fun fact: gilbarco veeder-root is a point of sale system that works in conjunction with verifone and is also one of the major manufacturers of physical gas station pump units in the USA.  Source: I used to manage a gas station in my town and had to know this for servicing purposes. We also did not have sonic sound effects happen during the scanning of items or at final checkout.
This doesn’t happen in my gas stations? Hmmmm
Gilbarco is much older than that. I used Gilbarco cash registers / gas pump monitor devices in the beginning of the 1990s when I was working in gas stations. No Sonic sounds then.
Underwater music from DK country 👍
i work at a 7-11 and they use passport for the gas pump terminals. any time someone pays for their gas with cash, it plays the sonic sound. it honestly confused the living fuck out of me when i first heard it
Song at 1:00 ?
When the video starts with his usual spoopy voice over yet the topic is quite normal.   I feel a conspiracy theory coming on!
A big fan of your youtube channel, its very entertaining! It's pretty aesthetic and scary which makes me entertained more then ever
Man the Donkey Kong water level music was BEYOND a nice touch man
y'all... i've never heard this sound at a cash register in my life?
never heard about it
Watch when EA does the same shit in an attempt to get more money
ngl, after watching cringe kitchen and then going to this is kinda hilarious
i like how this is like the least creepy thing you've talked about and it still uses the same Spooky Music probably so you don't have to get new tunes for "hmm why sonic noise" but still
i want the last 7 mins and 2 seconds of my life back BUCKO!!!!!!!!
I would also like to know why so many lottery ticket checking machines play a homer simpson "woohoo" sound when someone wins something.
I suscribe to your Channel because this video.
The why in the title sounded like a taboo is being discussed. And the video doesn't really explain anything. It doesn't need to. We are all thinking it!
I am SHAKING this is truly terrifying sir
Love the background music, especially RE save room it's so soothing 🤤🤤🤤🤤
Title: Gas Station Sonic the Hedgehog????? Intro: "You've read the title, so you already know what this is about." Me: I really don't.
Why do you add an "s" to the end of random words during ur narration?
What is the music during the credits
The voiceover vibe: "wow gas station make funny hedgehog coin sound haha"  The music vibe: "The government secretly kidnaps people to serve them as slaves and test subjects and they're gonna kill you"
i have never heard this omg
I've never heard the Sonic rings SFX used here in the UK, but around a year or so ago I became aware of a local store (co-op) using what sounds exactly like one of the Resident Evil inventory sound fx. It always catches my attention whenever I hear it.
Upload more bro
legit never noticed this
THE NOSTALGIA from the background sounds!! @2:10 OMG
Who else noticed sonic sound effects from gas station encounters
I have always fucking wondered
Lol... nice one. In Germany we don't have that.
I mean, at least it’s doing it’s job right. Lol I genuinely enjoy going to those gas stations more just for the novelty of that sound.
I worked graveyard at a convenience store once and it brought back memories of spooky nights, racoons in the dumpster, and being unsure of what to do about the passed out man with one shoe and pants full of poo laying behind your store
nothen
Me:Hates sonic (Not really only for the joke)  Gas station: I’m bout’ to ruin this whole man’s career.
I literally never noticed this lmao
I work at a gas station and about 3 months ago someone mentioned it to me hey that sounds like sonic collecting the rings. I noted it but never really took interest until now
SOMEONE ELSE NOTICED
I never thought about that! Mind blown...
Saw u on a nintendo post
Which convenient stores have that Sonic SFX again?
finally, someone's uncovering the real goddamn mysteries
Original Gas Station DO NOT STEAL
Must be an American thing. Never heard it once in my life, and I love me some Sonic lol
So if a robber breaks into the register, will it make the noise of rings falling out?
So it's not just me. I was in a gas station and when checking out I thought "I swear to God that's a ring sound"
How did I NEVER make that connection? I always thought that sound was familiar...
'It's a question that crosses our minds every time we hear it at a convenience store' Me, an Australian: 🤨🤨🤨
I noticed this for the first time at a gas station my aunt worked at. Best Italian sandwiches around. Bought out by people from out of town who ran in into the ground.
when the store gets robbed, the sonic lose ring sfx will play
Oh Nexpo...... that Donkey Kong underwater theme hits back home so hard
I only get to like this  once
Your voice is hitting different o .o
4:58 looks like someone stole one of the beers
I always hear cash registers with sonic ring sounds. Weird.
I'm in the UK, and while I've never heard a cash register make the ring sound from Sonic, I did hear one (in a Sainsbury's) making the sound that plays when you jump over a barrel in Donkey Kong.
Video about Sonic sounds  Uses Donkey Kong music
I worked at a gas station with one of these. I remember going there as a kid and me and my brother freaked out due to the sonic noise lmao.
Haha, ok. This concept was hilarious and would love to see more.
The donkey kong aquatic ambience was a nice touch.
hear nexpo voice is like a checkpoint in a hard game
I'd been using sound effects ripped from Sonic for various notifications on my phone for a while, with the ring sound as my text notification. One night, I'm at a gas station at 2 in the morning and hear the sound and go to check my phone, thinking "who would be texting me at this time?" I found no new messages and was confused. Then it happened again, and I realized the register was making the sounds. The register also makes an "Uhoh" sound for something, too.
The sound whether or not who is responsible for it is not the real issue!!! The real reason is simple if you know why it was there in the first place. I saw some research on video game music and sounds effects. The gaming industry spends million on what repetitive sounds are pleasant to hear over and over and trigger the pleasure centers of our brains. with that said the generation that grew up with those game hear that sound and it makes them feel good. Advertiser's know that a consumer that feels good will spend more money!!!!!!!!!!
0:45 Getting that premium cheese
Bro I never even realized it but I know I heard it
i can't believe i never recognized that sound as being THAT sound ( ´∀｀)
Can you please make a video on the origin of the circling loading thing
first noticed this way back in 2004 or so
Ah yes. I see you've utilized some distinguished "K" footage.
always wondered why they did this now i know lol
That sound chimes when you buy tobacco or alcohol when the register has the employee scan somebody’s I.D.
*I FEEL SO VINDICATED FOR SOMEONE FINALLY COVERING THIS, YES!!!!!!*
I've always wondered. There is one gas station in my town that uses that sound effect and it always confused me.
So why didn't i hear any of the Sonic sounds in this vid?  Im confused
Now if only Sega could make one Sonic game that's as good as one Mario game. Atleast they got persona 5
At ski resorts, the people by the lifts scan your pass and they almost always have that sound effect on their scanners
Bro Nexpo Videos are scaryer then basically all modern age scary movies
I have never noticed this sound when I go to a 7/11 here in New York
Because they wanted to give people a familiar sound to hear and one in their library is from a popular game.
That good old resident evil safe room sound effect
I have literally never asked that question because I have literally never heard any cash register make that sound... where do you live that cash registers do this?
Its sonic rings!!!!! Not ewr rings!!!!!
Bless you for this.  Side note: emergency distress sound if being robbed should totally be when Sonic gets hit and loses all his rings.
I'm a month late, but... Behaviorism is a psychological school of thought created by John B Watson as a means of being able to (pretty accurately) determine how people will behave in certain circumstances and situations. He, along with B. F. Skinner later, essentially created the entire concept of commercialism as we know it today. One important factor in the concept of encouraging spending is familiarity, and when you own the rights to one of the most familiar sounds in video gaming history, incorporating it into daily consuming gives people that "warm and fuzzy" that will make them more inclined to go back and spend more money there later, whether it's consciously or subconsciously
THANK YOU FOR THIS! This has been bothering me since I heard it. It seemed like the most random thing. I grew up playing sonic 1, 2, 3 and knuckles so this videos means a lot to me lol.
The ominous music used in this video makes it sound like it’s gonna be some dark & disturbing conspiracy story about how the Sonic Ring sound represents a government cult spying on us all & plotting to send demons through our computers
Love the Donkey Kong Country-Aquatic Ambience song playing in the background at the beginning
This is easily the scariest topic you've had the courage to tackle
I would love if you would do more gaming content.
Literally never heard a Sonic sound at any gas station in my life, maybe it's more coastal? I've always been in Illinois
Gotta get them rings.
I've deadass been questioning this ever since I heard this at an old looking gas station when I still lived down in Charleston. I've heard it again every now and then but eventually forgot. This video has filled a long since empty hole.
I've wondered that for years!  I thought it was expired copyright listening for the sound effects, but that was just guessing.  Thank you!
That donkey Kong country music tho ;)
"If you like it let me know."  We always like your videos Nexpo, that's why we're subscribed.
Cash registers don't even make sounds anymore here in Aus, at least in 7/11 or other gas stations, but the McDonalds tornado siren alarm thing scares the piss out of me (I think it's some sort of timer for the grill?) :P
The best explanation I can give regarding the sound effect is that either SEGA sampled the sound effect for the first Sonic game and it's been utilized ever since due to Sonic's main gimmick being speed, like a car, which would correlate to a gas station. It makes sense, as Sonic 2's Special Stage theme begins with a buildup that wouldn't be out of place in a racing game.  The second best explanation I can give is the opposite, SEGA associates Sonic with speed, and as such, cars, so a popular sound effect would probably be used somewhere.
I was actually happy they had Sonic affects when I realized as a kid like I got giddy cause I was like :D RING SOUND EFFECT!! I was a huge dork though
I had my volume down low so when you said “when your gas is pumping” I could have sworn you said “when your ass is poppin”
Love your content and presentation. Always. Stay true...
I used to work in a fleet farm gas station (it’s like a cross between gander mountain, autozone, and Home Depot). I used to hear these sounds so much and I always thought they were familiar but never knew what they were from.
Is this a local thing because I have NEVER heard a cash register make a Sonic noise
i never noticed this lmao
Ive never heard this
I definitely have noticed this, but it didn’t actually register in my mind that was the sound effect. Funny.
THANK YOU FOR THIS! None of the clerks ever have an answer to this
I've noticed that too and I thought it was a coincidence how similar it was but it was actually the original sound.
Only heard it on Gas Station Encounters. 1/4 lb Belvita Cheata.'
It's absurdly ironic since a alarm clock from the 80's (digital) has the sound. Maybe sega stole the sound? When sonic collects rings it's a Tri-Tone the 3 scale of its sound,  the scanner is one tone, it doesn't have anything else other than the beep,
Donkey Kong Country FTW
I don't think I've ever heard this sound at a gas station
If this is not the most "must understand, must click title ever"
How did you not play the sound effect at the very end?!?!? Prefect opportunity!
(Before watching) I thought it was just because Sega licensed out the registers.
Me: wants to know why the cash registrers have the sonic sound Nexpo: **useless 3 hours explanation** Me >>10 x10
Wtf
Wait that's what it is
I've never heard a register do this. I've heard chicken clucks, but not Sonic. Weird
Dish Network had some games you could play on your TV back in the early 2000s. I hear some of the sound effects from one of those games as well.
Omg, yes. I’ve been wondering about those Sonic the Hegehog sound-effects for years!
Couldnt help but notice the same music as the Resident Evil PS4 theme...
In Australia it goes boop
Could it potentially be the other way around? The register noise came first, and Sega used the sound for sonic later?
My god, even videos on non creepy things are kinda creepy from nexpo 😂  I still love it though, keep it up!
Wow, thought I was the only one who would wonder about this. Thanks for this, mattered to me too lol.
I thought this was an old ass April fools video,  nope, August 16th 2020... Call me Japanese cuz konichiwhatthefuck
Just came here to say I always appreciate the level of effort you put your content, it makes for a great experience and I seriously hope Youtube won't pull one on you cause yours is a great channel. I would donate if I could to keep it going but unfortunately I'm a broke student, so for now I just don't skip ads. Love you, fr.
Wait this a thing in the U.S ????????? wtf
The sound of Sonic grabbing some rings is the same sound as me grabbing some onion rings
Song at :59?
SONIC IS COMING TO THE REAL WORLD!
I think the sound is pretty cool
I have, never heard nexpo laugh...but now that I have I think it’s one of my favorites
Ok so I'm not going fucking insane that's actually what I hear when I go there
Like how you use the Donkey Kong Aqua level sound of one part of your video about the one 1:15 mark
OH MY GOD THATS WHY ITS ALWAYS SO FAMILIAR HOLY FUCK IT JUST DAWNED ON ME
Good video and all but whats up with the creepy music in the background
Why is this disturbing to me even though its kind of light?
ive literally never heard any sonic sound effects at a convenience store before
I like it; it is humbly trivial. And it shows that you share things to us, like we're friends and get into it with dedication, even if its not needed. But I like it regardless.
I like it; it is humbly trivial. And it shows that you share things to us, like we're friends and get into it with dedication, even if its not needed. But I like it regardless.
This is a thing?
Only Nexpo can make something sound so creepy and scary like a sonic ring sound effect origin lmao
Or... it was just some random .wav file a developer had on their hard drive and it got bundled into the assets for the app.  Much like the ICQ "Uh-Oh!" sound has.
why do u use the underwater donkey kong level music?
I thought that was a one store thing with sonic coin sounds
I once worked at a gas station in 2005/2010. At the time I was big on sonic. My first time ringing someone in I heard the noise. The customer I rang in heard it too and me and him asked eachother if we both heard the ring sound. He said of course and I gave him a free chocolate bar so we could hear it again. We did and the next day I asked my manager to come over to the register and I bought myself some gum and he heard the noise too. he shrugged it off so I asked him what brand of register we have and he said Gilbarco Veeder-Root. (He looked at the register and saw) I researched the company and found out that sega was connected to Sammy and Sammy was a third party to Gilbarco Veeder-Root.
now can you answer why so mant trucking companies use sonic the hedgehog illegally
Does nexpo have a lisp or something similar, or is it a choice with the 'ss'? I don't mean any harm by the question, the reason I ask is he's done other odd things with mics/audio/voice before.
It feels weird watching this at work where I'm a chasier who hears this sound everyday using the gilbarco system
Am i the only one that took in no information?
I thought I was the only one who noticed 😅🤣
music at 1:06 please? it sounds so familiar
This isn’t pulling in his average views so he probably won’t do another lighter topic video At least for awhile   This saddens me
This was an interesting video. These could be pretty fun. Would love to see more.
i ALWAYS hear this sound and had no idea it was a sonic sound effect lol wtf.
That was totally random.  I have never experienced one of these machines in Miami or anywhere I have ever traveled.
i never noticed it was sonic sound effects lmao i just thought it was normal T-T
This is fun and reminded me of a mystery i had always wondered. for the longest time most games released mainly on Tuesday and after some research I came to find the reason was that the second sonic game was released on a Tuesday dubed sonic twosday. that then spiraled to Tuesday being a prominent release date for games.
Jesus Christ am I the ONLY one that literally never noticed
Does he play the actual sound effects from the cash registers at any point in this video?
about time you made a SERIOUS, SCARY video
I always wondered about that, thanks Nexpo! I definitely think you should do more of these one offs, it was a fun detour.
You just opened my eyes 👀 🕹️👾 I'll never not hear Sonic when checking out at a store.
5:12 I love u too
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED THIS SHIZ
I do remember hearing the ring sound effect in a lot of Sam's Marts when I was a young child (I'm 13)
I once heard a Windows XP Pinball sound effect at a dollar tree.
Someone gotta use the Minecraft Villager voice.
Literally the 1% people who's reading... I strongly hope your parents Live Longer Than 99 years with awesome health
I love the lighthearted videos
Ryan answering the big questions here.
Going to this, from people being burned alive in a nightclub... Jesus
It was a very nice change of pace having a more lighthearted mystery from you. Keeping me engaged even while i'm currently less interested in the darker/heavier stuff!
Never heard this
Growing up I worked in a lot of retail places, and either at Target or Walgreens, one of their handheld scanner thingies (I cant remember the name of it now) makes the ring collection sound as well sometimes. or it used to anyway.
1k people are upset... about...gas stations and sounds apparently? lighten up, ya bastards c:
TIL American petrol stations use Sonic sound effects.
This is actually something I've wondered about, and learning about that is very interesting!
What mos where u in the milltary
I was just at the mall 2 days ago and me and my friend kept hearing the sonic ring effect
you know im a simple man ok? i see nightmare expo i watch it i see sonic in an expo video i cant handle myself not to watch it
Thts fun!
Hey Nexpo new case for ya!  Theres a tik tok that   From what I know its pretty damn disturbing. Suicide or some shit id love to see you do an investigation on it
Oh yeah it's cult time
Man you sound so familiar and similar to a TV narrator but I can’t put my finger on it! I kind of want to say Max Raphael from Modern Marvels but not quite! Driving me crazy. Anyway love your channel please keep it going - will donate if it means more content!
Haven't played Donkey Kong Country for absolutely years and years but I always know instantly when I hear the Aquatic Ambience track..it is forever etched on my brain.
Nice usage of blank banshee music
I work on Gilbarco fuel pumps and point of sales systems. I have always wonder why the Sonic ring collection sound can be heard on these POS systems. I’m going to asked some of the distributors about this and the manufacturer.
I NEVER NOTICED THE SOUND EFFECT HELP
What a fantastic Intro.
I watched a few of your videos earlier today and thought “ oh that’s cool “ and an hour ago while I was showering I was to scared to put Shampoo in my hair in case I would get in my eye and while rinsing it out something would appear when I opened them again. I haven’t been scared in a while bc I’m not an easy scared person but your videos are hella cool man. Keep the good work up.
i want to know so badly
In the background I str8 hear donkey Kong country music
I thought this was gonna be much darker
why does your vids always get 1k+ dislikes? 🤔
i've literally never heard it in my life
I really enjoy even just these small, bite-sized videos! Just something nice,,
5th September it would be the end of the world  *hohoho guess what*
When the bathroom is not open for the public...you hear the game over sound when you lose all your mushrooms on super mario bros
Terrifying. I went to a convenience store at midnight a good few years back.  I heard the sonic ring sound and then my bag of Doritos bled at me. I was then attacked by 20 bags of Burger King foot lettuce.
Hey Nexpo! We are huge fans over at Bone Patrol! We were wondering if you would be down to come on our podcast and talk about the paranomral with us! We are a comedy horror podcast so it's a comedy horror podcast so it's a really light hearted environment! Let us know what you think!
Had to tuck my feet into the covers before starting this video.
Nexpo you should make a vid ab ronnie mcnutt, probs the most brutal vid in history
Ronnie McNutt
Wait a minute, you start the video like that's a normal thing to experience, Sonic sound effects in gas station registers..?!
Nintendo game music in a Nexpo video about Sonic - Why?
I presumed something wholesome. Then I saw its nexpo 😅
Shit I thought the coffee machine did that I did not know it was a cash register
there are people who didn’t hear this when they rung up somethin’?
Now do one on the NBA and Mario sound effects
istg, I notice this so fricking much!
the digital samples are cheap or free domain. easy for the software/hardware developer to obtain and just became standardized in the code library for these point of sale systems. its likely the developers of sonic obtained them very cheaply or made them and gave them away. its a dumb question.
Many “higher tech crosswalk machines” use the Sonic Checkpoint sound. So they probably have a hand in those too in the same way.
Wow, when I was younger I came across them a lot and didn't think much of it even though I did know the same sound effect was used in the Sonic franchise... I just accepted it
Q: Why do hand sanitizers only kill 99% of germs, I saw an ad that said kills 99.9% OF GERMS why?
Not once have I heard this sound from a cash register.
Coral capers?? Man you just brought back so much nostalgia . Loved that game growing up
i have never in my life seen a cash register that used sonic sound effects... or, maybe i have, and i just didn't question it and forgot?
SEPH WHERE ARE YOU
So I have a weird one. Anyone remember the Red Dead Redemption meteor? It is really hard to find stuff on it since the second game came out. Apparently a meteor struck in game at one time and only a few people were on when it happened. Anyone else remember?
TODAY IS SEPTEMBER 5 PLEASE DO A FOLLOW UP ON THE OREGON FLYERS!!!
Nexpo, can you please adopt me?
So SammySonicFan was was predicted decades beforehand.
THAT is SPOOKY!
What some gas stations use that noise??? I've literally never heard that from a cash register
Barely related, but the "uh-oh" error sound the registers at the 99 Cents Only Stores make was also used in the 1994 Crayola Art Studio PC game. I'm not sure why I noticed this or held onto this information for so long.
I WAS LITERALLY WONDERING THIS FOR SO MANY YEARS YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH THIS MEANS TO ME TO HAVE IT ANSWERED
r/nene
I have never in my life heard the sonic noise at the market or store. I will keep my ear out next time but I am pretty sure it is just a single beep. Does it have to do with where you live?
Do you live in fucking Rainier, OR?
on a channel as big as nexpo his why hasn't he covered the fake animal rescue channels?
America only video :(
pls make more vids i love them :D
We need a Nexpo and lemmino collab
I checked it first to see if this was uploaded on April 1st then I realized it was real and that was the scary part.
I always wondered this!
Me who has never played a sonic game: Cashregister's are a blue hedgehog conspiracy?
And the Skyrim Fus-Ro-dah shout should play if it detects a fire in the gas tanks. So if i explode, it's to a badass sound effect
Salene delgato Lopez
Nexpo: Makes video about this.  Me: Oh thank god someone else noticed!
The happy valley dream survey sparked on other reddit mystery about September 5
Sept 9 is nearing.
I don't play Sonic, so I had no idea these were even SEGA sounds. Cool vid!
I always thought it was just someone’s phone
I freaking love this channel holy cheese balls!
You should look into the Church of Euthanasia
They should use the naruto song which plays whenever he uses talk-no-jutsu
I love all of your content! Literally my fave channel, keep up the great work <3
Hey nexpo! I know I am just a random on the web but I found your content not too long ago and fell in love with all the hard work you do on these internet mysteries and just in general dark conten covers. I'm not sure how much you hear this, but you sir do a fantastic job with your content and I for one will be a lifetimer! Sorry for "fan girling" out but you rock!!
Thoughts on the new version of Observer?
this has to be an american thing LMFAO
I forgot bout this looool
please talk about the semant
This didn't really answer the question though.
Honestly I was expecting some kinda random left turn into demon cult territory but this was a pleasant suprise
peepee
I still have my dreamcast!
you have to do a video on peluchin productions and bring light to his horrid actions that YouTube has done nothing about
Hey you should a video on josiahworley on tik tok, it looks like he’s dealing with a demon
>company named Sammy >Sammy Classic Sonic Fan
The sound is to make you feel like you are wining something when you pay.
This kinda fucked me up subconsciously, and now I know!!
I’m surprised that you didn’t look into whether the “ding” is a stock sound effect that already existed on hardware/software for sound engineering or if it was created by Sega specifically for Sonic. That could be the key
I first noticed the ring sound effect around 2013 when I started working at a gas station, and I’ve always wondered the same thing.
love the oldschool water theme drom donkey kong country. havent heard that one in a few years lol
Nex you sound so hot. Just saying. That voice ❤️
I was thinking to myself, “Hmmm I haven’t heard from Nexpo in a while”. Come to find out I was unsubscribed from the channel. I don’t recall doing that. Hmmm, weird..... all these videos I missed out on
D I S T U R B I N G T H I N G S V O L 1 1
One thing weird about this is that a lot of people seem to not hear it as the Sonic sound. I've pointed it out before, over the years, and most people tell me it's the wrong tone or it's much slower than Sonic.
Holy christ this is the one question ive had in the back of my mind for the longest time now.
Why is Sonic The Hedgehog working at my local Phillips?
Wtf was this
I really like this new outro music!
Am i the only person who has never heard a cash register make a sonic sound???
chris-chan will watch this
Hey nexpo, have you done a video on the sun vanished twitter account? I thought I remember you making a video but it could be a different youtuber, if you haven't I definitely recommend taking a look at it
Being from England I didn't even know this was a thing in America, wtf?
No such sound effects in the UK
Ok, I'm drunk right now. And I find that this Nexpo's guy has a very sexy voice. I'm a guy tho, so... wish i could have a little meeting with him. Am I the only one thinking about that??
Hey Nexpo, can you do a review on this disturbing and strange episode of pingu - pingu's dream the original, where did this walrus come from ?
can you do a video on this channel called
dude i love your videos.
SEGASammyClassicSonicFan
I have another question. How come the outro is almost 2 minutes long?
It’s funny cause my gas station has a sonic effect and the one where I used to live
The Resident evil save room music UGHHHH  Great video man keep it up!
"Mom pick me up im scared"
Please make a video on a mysterious artist by the name of Jincheng Zhang. The artist has three different Spotify accounts with very similar, odd music. Super creepy in my opinion.
Holy shit! You're right, I've never noticed until now!
thats it im showering with socks on
Yo Nexpo did u ever take a  look at PetScop again its up to 24 or soemthing now would love for u to cover it again also im rewatching every video u posted on the channel sofar and i only have 10 videos togo :D
Hey, If possible can you Cover Interface after Ep. 21 comes out. It has evolved in ways I haven’t even thought of
Sonic is stealing our rings, since day one.
I got it, cause they ring you up
I’m gonna start a gas station that’s just gonna be Link’s “hyah”s.
techincally that tone goes back to mario and when you hit the coin blocks. its high pitched and at this point, extremely connected to coins which you get when you get change. my 2 cents worth.
Have you ever covered the original ARG “lonelygirl15” lol
Apple stores would use Mario coin sounds in an internal inventory systems checks for some reason.
there’s a self checkout in a poundland where i live, and the voice is a yoda impersonator and he says “put item in bagging area you must” it’s so wierd
Nexpo you sick monster, I would've never guessed you would ask one of the grossest questions.
Meanwhile, nice use of Donkey Kong Country music in the background.   Let me take you back to 1996...
4:49 Pepsi with a yellow cap??
Imagine a cash register that has a DBZ sound effect or an anime girl saying something in Japanese
Worked at a gas station for 5 years, never knew other places did the sonic sounds lol
This was super fascinating. I’d definitely watch more like this.
Very interesting thank you for the video!
Disturbing things 11 was supposed to come out yesterday where is it
Nexpo: Why are cash registers using the Sonic ring sound effects??  Me, who never even heard of this: Mmmh yes, i was wondering why
DISTURBING THINGS 11
I always hear the dinging noise on the cash register all the time at Shell in my town!
I KNEW I WASNT THE ONLY ONE THAT THOUGHT THEY WERE SONIC SFX OH MY GOD I AM FINALLY PUT TO PEACE
This is pretty cool, but not as cool as the Sonic+Shadow fanfiction on my channel.
This is a random question I had recently that I did not expect to get answered by Nexpo.
Donkey Kong’s aquatic ambience 👏
YES! I KNEW it was the Sonic ring collection sound effect! My friends, even ones who play Sonic games, think I'm nuts..
I ALWAYS HEARD THIS WHEN I VISITED LAKE POWELL AND WENT INTO THE GAS STATIONS AROUND THAT AREA THANK YOU
Thumbnail changed?
I knew I heard that noise some where else before. I bet it was a guy who really liked sonic who designed the software for the registers.
Could you make a updated video on POSTcontent
They don’t do this in my area
I'VE BEEN WONDERING THIS FOR YEARS THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I love that gas stations use the sonic rings sound effect.
ah yes. the real mysteries of the universe.
Every Speedway station I’ve been to has played it
<3
Never heard a Sonic sound effect in any store. Probably an american thing?  I fucking wish they would use it lmao
Why use a Donkey Kong ost when exploring Sonic?!?!
Good to see you Nexpo...
alooot of video time wasted on credits,
I've never heared it b4
They sound normal in Canada, just annoying dings and shit.
DUDE I SWEAR NEXPO AND OTHER YOUTUBERS ARE SO SMART LIKE HES FINDING OUT MYSTERIES THAT LIKE NOBODY COULD ANSWER LIKE WHATS NEXT THE GOD DANG PYRAMIDS OR THE MEANING OF LIFE!?
i have literally never heard of this lol. am i too young or do i just not go out enough
Must be an American thing 🤷🏻‍♂️
Donky Kong song? Underwater levels I believe?
Always love these mysteries, whether 3min or 30 or even more 😁
I work for a retailer that uses the sound effect of Mario getting a coin in super Mario world on our handheld scanners. Its the first sound you hear when you start the game. It's a sound so ingrained in my mind that I immediately recognized it when it showed up on our scanners. We used to have bulky gun style scanners that used a windows based OS. In the last couple years we switched to cell phone style scanners that use android OS. The sound effect carried over and has been used about 10 years. Im sure Nintendo did not license it to us so my guess is that its just a joke or a shout out from one of our companies programmers.
Ok but what about Basketball games using Mario music
In my honest opinion, it could be something in the lines of a "reward sound". You've just completed a purchase, congratulations!!!   Subconsciously that would trigger your mind to do way more purchases and encourage you to do purchases at stores that have those cash registers. Perhaps it sounds a bit paranoia, but honestly... I think it would be pretty clever marketing, like Ikea does with it's restaurants, making losses there, but  with that tricking their customores to buy (more).
i thought this was a shitpost but then i saw the channel who uploaded
What’s the intro song called
What happened to the randonautica video?
i wish you'd upload more nexpo you're so amazing!!!!!
0:35 I have a better question. How did you aquire shot from Polish shop?
uh...wat
Damn, 2020 even ran out of good mysteries
Do a movie or something like the Cloverfield
Cool!! I love this sort of mini investigation documentary sort of vid. Been watching for a long time. Big hearts
What happened to the "Randonautica"-Video?
Dude my friends swore I was crazy because I always heard the sonic sound effect when they would scan my stuff at gas stations, especially the one across the street from where I live. Lmao, I'm gonna show them this
1:44 OMG Y'ALL  AREN'T SOCIAL DISTANCING!!!
is this a northerner thing? i live down in the south US and ive never heard this before.
Am I the only one that had yet to hear this anywhere I can’t be the only one
Is anyone else still remember the number 21?
You released this too late, April Fool's Day was a long time ago.
My childhood question has now been answered.
Hi Nexpo, I was wondering if you got do some digging on YouTuber Secureteam10, very talented conspiracy creator with 2 million subscribers and than vanished, all his 300+ videos of conspiraries wiped. Thought this would make a great investigation video. Happy Trails. :)
This was so dramatic
after watching this vid, i noticed my local  BP gas station makes sonic sounds lol
I THOUGHT THIS ONLY HAPPENED WHERE I LIVE BRUH
It's so interesting you made this video, considering your last randonaut location was a gas station. Confirmation bias pushed you to realize how weird the cash registers with the sonic the hedgehog sound are, right?
You hit me in the heart when aquatic ambiance started playing
I thought I was going crazy. I’m just happy it’s actually real and not a figment of my imagination
I used to work with one of these at an old gas station. There were more sound effects than just the ring noise, you'd hear the bounce noise when someone was getting money back from lottery or not spending all of their gas. I asked myself why they were sonic noises, but since the system was outdated we now have new noises.
West world mistery - my favorite kind of mistery.
Im surprised you didn't let us hear the sound effects of a register side by side with the game. I sat through the whole thing waiting for it....
Which came first, the Sonic...or the beep?
oh my god THANK you ive stopped at like ten different gas stations and eight of them apparently trade in rings
am i the only one whose never noticed that before
Our forklifts at tesla make Nintendo sounds when you turn them on and we think its on purpose but it's cool 😎 and we like it
Is this a leak to a sonic styled gas station!?
Damn eggman 😉
Sonic game sound effects at gas stations? Lets the Donkey Kong Country underwater music for this video
Dude I though I was the only one 😂
Make more videos with mama max pleaseeeeee 😢
0:34 why is this polish stock footage? xD
what's the song at 1:08?
I noticed this at a gas station too a while back, what the heck?
This is hilarious
Nexpo: Why are the cashiers playing sonic?  Me: Why is the Resident Evil Safe Room music playing on a Sonic video?
*raises hand* I like them. I’d enjoy seeing more randoms like this. Keep up the great work.
Nexpo my brutha. Is there really that much of a lack of weird ass topics to address? Did this video( without actual SOUND evidence register vs. game to compare I might add) need to be made? I of course watched because it was a Nexpo video. But brah you did some Stretch Armstrong/Elastic Man type stretches for this content. This one has drifted a bit too much into the Sea of Cheese.Cheers anyway.
i just watched your POSTcontent analysis and saw that he has uploaded many new videos, please do an update!
So THAT'S why I keep hearing those at gas stations. How intriguing ^^
The big question is what did nexpo get from the stores (snack/drink)
I HAVE WONDERED ABOUT THIS FOR YEARS
This was the most informative video I’ve seen
I'm not familiar with the game Sonic so I thought you meant something like sonic booms happening at gas stations and I was like whaaaaat   But then it actually turned out to be something cute and fun :3
I’m glad there’s a video on this. I used to hear the sonic ring sound at gas stations all the time wondering why
dude I’ve been to so many gas stations and wondered this
Never heard this on any shop in the uk just standard bleeps and bloops as far as I am aware. We need sonic to brighten our day though 😛
do an update on interface
I always recognized the sound when I was a kid
This is something I didn't know existed. Are they allowed to? 'Cause copyright and all? I get worried using official game/film sound effects in my fan-audioplays. (As soon as I posted he reached where the sound/IP got licensed out. Theory below still stands.) I'm only in the start of the video but I'm thinking it's a subliminal way of hitting our nostalgia nerve and making us think "Ooooh! I'll come back here sometime~!" without always realising why. Only now you have.  Probably why self-checkout machines have Yoda or Elvis or whatever well known voices/themes now.
Have you looked into the Wayfair Furniture shop scandal? Feel like you'd be perfect for a video like that.
I dont come here for lighthearted.
Reminds me of how you sometimes hear EA music while watching bbc stufd
i misread the title and was entirely sure this would be a video about strange supersonic signals or smth picked up around all gas stations, and that the thumbnail was a little pun. anyway luv the vid
An cool interesting mystery. Thanks for that.
But... we still don't know why. I was expecting to get an answer. I've always wondered about that too. You just said "they are probably somehow involved in the cash register system" but there's no proof of anything at all. Did I miss something? We should get Nick Robinson on this to find the truth lol
Wow ur channel is such masterpiece
I don't live in the U.S., I've never played a Sonic game, and this mystery never seemed significant to me but I enjoyed watching this video - Why?
Of All the gas stations I been to, I've heard that Sonic ring sound effect about 5 TIMES.
i like it.
Wait....did i just hear music from Donkey Kong Country?!
Can you do an update on hiimarymary?
I never noticed....
Thanks for informing my mom and I! Also, RMA sounds... catchy??
I think Nexpo took it personally
Tyvvm....now I know why ...thanks. Yes, so enjoyed this & would enjoy more like this...please??  😍
Bro I have been asking this question for literal YEARS now. THANK YOU for covering this, finally somebody talks about it!
the place where i work dont use these...
It’s just a beep
ok but for real, i was thinking about this for fucking weeks and then this is in my feed. my brain is in love with the fact that other people think about this shit like i do
I always thought I was crazy!
I´m from Europe and fucking confused
i mean...SOMEONE had do to it, i just didn't expected Nexpo to be the one.
That intro give me anxiety like symptoms for 5 seconds.
Nexpo, A guy who can do both creepy videos and Video Game Documentaries like it was nothing
Can u pls do the Disappearance of Madeleine McCann plssss
I worked at Target for a couple years about 10 years ago, and whenever somebody would sign up for their red card the sound of collecting a coin from super mario world would sound off on the employee walkies... Should look into that as well if they are still doing it.
“YOU FRICKING FRICK” and that how gas stations has the sonic ring sound affect
Why did I get this recommended to me a second time lol
i just time traveled to 1975
anyone notice the weird sound accompanying the ends of words throughout the video? You might want to get your mic checked. 3:24 "checkin outs"?
oh yea. all the ones i go to have the ring.
Imagine how fucking stupid the dude who created the apyr creepy pasta looks rn
Always happy to see more content from you, Nexpo! :)
more one off's please i have the attention span of a dog
I used to live in Texas a while back. The town was called Friendswood, it was a bit south of Houston iirc. Anyways I was skating out to get a drink so when I heard it when they rang me up, I was like "whoa that's pretty cool." ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I am Mexican, but every time that I go to United States, especially to Colorado, we always end up getting gas in this gas stations, which they always had that Sonic sound, I was always curious about this lmao.
I thought the local corner store/gas station near my house was the only one that had Sonic noises at the checkout counter...
Dude Ive heard this over a thousand times but never even noticed
I was at a gas station once where when I bought an energy drink, it made the Yoshi tongue sound effect instead. It was weird.
Amazing. Outstanding. Showstopping Beautiful. 5 stars 10/10 //////loved
I like it, and who knows maybe if you keep this up you could stumble upon something nuts.
great bro keep it up...
i like this type of video alot, and i would like to see more of it if you're still down for it (:
Yeah I knew that I'm not the only one.
So I watched this with my husband- a developer. While we can't solve the mystery, he thinks that, most likely, the developer used the sound without permission, not expecting to be called out. ("Developers are known to get bored and just add 'some humanity' to their project.")  🤔 A mystery we may never see solved in our lifetimes
I honestly assumed that the sound was an indicator of gaining money or funds, like sonic does when he touches ring. I guess it's a sound effect that signals the store getting money or business.
Please do more of these! This was super interesting! <3
Fuck, I work at a gas station and have this EXACT fucking model. We have maybe 20-30 customers a day and I dread checking them out because 9 times out of 10 that same sonic sounding shit will ring and there’s gonna be one of three responses:  1.) Whoa what’d I do, haha! Hope I’m not in trouble! 2.) Where’s the video game?! I’ll let you get back to it young lady xD 3.) MOMMY THEY HAVE SONIC!! .. No son, them’s the dang-dang machanes [lottery machines]. They dun took dem out”  It’s honestly fucking creepy since I’ve never heard anything other than a variation of those three.
As a gas station clerk it was funny when you mentioned the company name I looked at my register and its written right on the screen. Then when it showed the UI on the screen its identical to my UI on my register.
wait what
is this normal for america? wtf lol
never realized this until you pointed it out
Well... definitely prefer the usual content, but if you feel like making a video like this, have at it. Looking forward to Disturbing Things 11.
Genius
I would like to say one thing, since I researched this same topic a while back:  Sammy never got any IP's from Sega through the holding company. Sega Sammy Holdings is a share-to-share company and only a share-to-share company. Both Sega and Sammy still work independently from each other, with Sammy still developing their own pachinko machines, and Sega doing their own things. However, there still could be a chance that, like you said, while Sega was down in money, they could have had some people from their team and help develop the OS for the registers.
Have I been pulled into another universe. Do gas stations in America really do that?
To be honest man. I love you. You have great content. I know right now you are fill air time but if you read this.... We will wait for quality content...
Should've been Earthbound sounds.
Every time they "ring" up a product,  the cash register co. increases their worth
It “ nothin” 🤣
* _record scratch_ * * _freeze frame_ * see that guy wearing a sonic the hedgehog costume by the gas station?  yep, that's me... I bet you're wondering: how I got myself into that situation? well, it all started in the summer of 1975...
This must be an American thing?
Dope shit.
This is why I’m subscribed.
I never noticed ...
Yes please do more one offs, need more nexpo in my life under quarantine 🥴
This is a great format for a new series; just strange, maybe even nostalgic shit that flies under the radar for the most part
Hey Nexpo, can you revisit the YouTube channel "This Room Does Not Exist?" They have added a few more videos to watch and i'm not sure I understand them.
Your voice made me panic because I listen to so much creepy pasta and it sent me back
I thought i was the only one who wondered about this! It always kind of freaked me out for some reason.
Wait what? XD
Imagine one with Rayden soundbytes from Mk 1 and Mk 2.  Lol
I always mention how cool that its Sonic game sounds, and the employee's like yeah.  Grow up broh.  :(
Never once have I heard this.
Who else clicks like on his videos before even watching them???
How the heck do you make a gas station cash register noise scary?
I did always noticed the doors making sonic ring noises at convenience stores, I just chocked it up to being a stock sound effect or something
I've always wondered this
I heard the sound a few years back. I remember saying cool sonic rings your a sonic fan? The guy dont know what I was talking about.
"let me take you back to 1975" *I stop existing*
Why’d you have to hit me with Aquatic Ambiance like that?
That's some next fucking level padding, right there.
Now do why all cheap phone toys have the fly little butterfly song
You probably wondered this the same night I did
I always assumed that it was a stock sound that predated Sonic and that sonic just happened to use that stock sound that eventually became iconic to the franchise.
I thought those cash registers were using that specific sound, but I always chalked it up to my imagination.
Cash registers use that sound? Since when? Never in my life have a heard a register us it
you forgot the scary
On another espisode of quarantine has led me here :
Im late but all i can say is ... Hmmmmmmmmm!
As someone who has to hear this pretty much every day, i've always wondered why this was the case lmao
This gives off an under budget detective show vibe
That RE1 Saveroom music in the background is so soothing omg
I’ve literally never heard this before that I can remember but I do know what I’m going to be listening out for on my next roadtrip
you should totally cover the web series ,"Marble Hornets" its a few years old but it still has its charm :)
All British and European viewers: wot?
I know right!? It always makes the ring sound effect every time they check an item. And I've been wondering ever since I was 7 years old, why? Of all the sounds in the world, why this one?
What's the name of the music that starts at 0:59?
In Canada, Rexal,7/11, and Mac stores have the sound effect playing when the door is opened. I never knew it was used for Cash Registers before
Day 1 of asking nexpo  to take a look at ash vlogs again
This is a new low.
I've only heard one cash register use a ring sound effect, but it has stuck with me forever
It’s not just my local ones? Interesting...
Papa Nexpo back to scare me
i want a chili dog now
Nexpo honey, if you're going to make non-creepy content then at least walk around shirtless a little, give us something
Good choice on the thumbnail change -- the first time with the ring I waiting a few days to watch this video because I thought you meant "sonic" as in "related to sound", not as in "related to that awesome game I love" and didn't recognize the blurred ring as being from that game
Do Americans really?
Am I the only one who's never encountered this?
I've heard the checkpoint sound being used for waiter call buttons on restaurants.
Oh, shit I thought the Chevron at Bear Lake was the only one!
I'm sorry, y'all's cash registers do *what* now?
hey Nexpo, what happend to your Doki Doki video?
Nobody: Nexpo: Why are all of these cash registers using the Sonic the Hedgehog sound effects
As a brit, I had no idea that this was a thing.
Your intro music reminds me of boneworks
I do love your channel Nexpo! I’m hooked! I’m trying to turn my gf onto your channel as well as close friends/family...
I'm from Poland and once I heard NES LoZ death sound effect while using Credit Card terminal, when it failed to connect to the internet and poceed with the payment it just sounded like Zelda death sound xD
Literally never even noticed it’s the same sound what the hell
So, no real answer as of yet? Maybe someday the internet will track down the programmer for the POS software and they'll tell us why it was included.
Super glad you did this video. I have always been curious why they used the sound effect but I would always forget to do any looking into it myself.
Why always in the US? A mystery around every corner :D
Do more casual one-offs please
Please do more of these casual one off videos on more lighthearted topics! Also, please remove the creepy music from them. Aquatic Ambience is good though. It fits very well!
honestly, gas stations (especially at night) have an otherworldly vibe. the other night we were goming home from my cpusin's house at like 1 am and we stopped at the gas station down the street for some snacks. The parking lot was nearly empty, and I was sitting alone in the car with the windows down. Something about the emptiness, along with the bright fluorescent lights and the echoing speakers that dinged an ad for food every now and then felt like something from a dream
Confession time: i'm sub'd to way too many ambient and lofi channels, i thought this was a mix.    ...i'd listen to that mix.
Bruh this channel is becoming more and more boring and doesn't even contain creepy chilling stuff just a story,Idk with creepy voice and the intro I mean you would except  a damn scary story but it is just a bruh moment
You guys have tills with sonic sound effects in America????
Fun fact: I work at a gas station and never noticed this, mainly because our regular registers don’t use the sound but the one for gas does. I wasn’t a Sega kid growing up, so I never played but Sonic, mostly Nintendo. But after watching this video, I was at work and remembered it. I was going to pay attention the next time I did gas, but my co-worker did first and I noticed that the sound was quite similar to the one from sonic....
I came across one of these for the first time in my life hours after watching this and my eyes lit up at the sound, I was able to peek and see the brand and sure enough it was the same.
I’m glad someone made a video on this lol
sonic may be fading into obscurity in peoples hearts, but he will always be within your cash registers.
Never thought about tills sounding weird...omg you trip on the stupid shit..🙄
i always hear the sonic sound effect at gas stations.
I'd say it's a stock sound effect used by Sega.
spooky.
It's a chip Yamaha makes in the Genesis/megadrive
More of these videos please. Perfect length to cover the topic without rambling or getting off the topic.  But even the longer videos of yours are packed with info without losing the focus or getting boring.
I hear some aquatic ambiance.
Finally a video I can relate to
Only 70,000 gas stations in the United States?
"You've read the title so you know what this is about."  Uh, you assume an awful lot about me.
By looking at the comments it seems that most of the people that have heard this are american  (Which explains why i've never heard it in my life)
I have never heard this sound effect at a cash register in my life
The true mystery is why Nexpo keeps putting an s at the end of random words when he speaks?
finally i knew i wasn't crazy
Huh, always thought this was just the gas station near my dad's place. The cash register makes the ring sounds and it makes me smile every time.
AHHHH FUCK I KNEW ABOUT THIS SINCE I WAS 5 I WHEEZED WHEN I SAW THE TITLE IM SO EXCITED TO WATCH THIS VIDEO I NEEEED TO KNOOOOOW WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
So now that I've just watched the video which I thoroughly enjoyed. I will say that I am somehwat doubtful that SEGASammy is involved in the Sonic ring sound effect. It is generally hard to copyright or license sound effects, particularly from that era. At their core, they are synthesizer generated tones which can be reproduced by anyone using a professional synthesizer with enough patience. So at that point, it would be like trying copyright A 440.    My thoughts are that retro game enthusiasts are reaching the age in which they can implement stuff like that in their creations. I've heard mario mushroom sound effect at an electric car recharging station. For one, I highly that Nintendo would ever allow such a thing, and if they became aware of it, they would sue that company out of existence.
What planet you live on that uses sonic cashier noises wtf?
What if it's actually the other way around. Sonic is using the cash register sound. I don't feel like looking into it myself, though
Would love for convenience stores to play the Donkey Kong Country music.
I noticed this several years ago, and finally someone on YT was weird enough like me to wonder the same thing and make a video about it.
Dude, so i start this video playing right, and like 2 seconds in start hearing the sonic ring noises coming from the tv in the other room, like someones playing sonic. At first i thought it was the video but paused it and realised it wasn't. Crazy coincidence
I think about this EVERY TIME I get gas.
Finally, the answers I've been searching for all my life.
Name of the tune at 1:00 please?
Donkey Kong Country water level music in the video itself. Nice!
I always wondered this ever since I was a kid.
The Resident Evil safe room music is one of the best vibes in all of video gaming history
What’s with the credits dawg!!!!!
Finally a solution has been found
The first time I heard it I was half asleep driving with my family from a trip out of town. I went to go pay and get a coffee for the driver. I was zoning out when I heard it and it snapped me back into focus. I knew I heard that sound but where. As I got in the car I couldn't stop thinking about it until I remembered it was from sonic. I had my gba sp with a copy of sonic advance at home. The whole time I couldn't sleep because I was just thinking about that noise. Maybe it's just a sound that helps people come to focus if they are driving late at night so they could drive safer or realize they should get a room to sleep.
this has never happened to me
What namr of that music at 0:59
"I have absolutely no idea why this took up so much of my weekend- jesus christ" Love that bit of honesty right there it helps to what makes you you as a youtuber in my opinion. And also, I miss the old outro music😫 lol
Dude i was curious about this too. Cuz i even asked my boss once at my first ever job at Stop-N-Go why our register made the sonic collecting rings sound effect and i never got a real answer.
Where do you live? I've never heard these sound effects in a gas station
My convenient store uses the ring sound!
what’s the song in the video, in the background while your talking? Great video btw, liked it a lot!
i’ve never heard this sound??
My question is why not?
I DIDN'T REALISE IT WAS THE SONIC SOUND EFFECT BUT NOW I KNOW WHY IT SOUNDED SO FAMILIAR HOLY SHIT.
card gets declined: cash register plays the sonic drowning death sound fx
Omg i never noticed that and i worked at one for a year
🤔
I thought the "Third-party software" thing was a pop-up that my laptop gave me for a bit lmao
My mind has been opened up to a whole different level.
pepega xq cow
i do like the concept but if you had an investigative series that's 10 minutes or less and it was dark content that would be awesome
0:35 Czy tylko ja zauważyłem polską walute? Nie? ok
This was fun! The short form is fine and it was interesting as always. Love this channel and any content that you create :)
I never even realized it’s the sonic noise till now
First time i heard the ring collection noise at a gas station i asked the checker and they gave me this look like "What?"
Nice use of Aquatic Ambiance
asking the real questions
I’ve been meaning to investigate a confirmation chime I hear at my local CVS that sounds very similar to a menu confirmation chime in Resident Evil.
This seems like such an american thing
This reminds me of this time My mom took me through an automated car wash, and the payment machine at the entrance had the song of time as it's... theme song i guess? It might not have been the *exact* song, but pretty damn similar. Blew my mind as a kid lol
I have never heard that sound at a convenience store.
So next can you cover why on earth the convenience store near my house plays the fnaf 6am sound whenever someone opens the door
damn bro i cant stop crying after watching this video
I swear this was uploaded more than 2 days ago
I actually didn’t notice this because I’ve never played Sonic.
wait I've never heard the Sonic sound what the hell ?
dude, what's the music used at 2:35? I've been hearing it on and off for a few years.
It's ridiculous how you can make a sound effect be an interesting video.
I definitely noticed that Donkey Song underwater level soundtrack in the background
I loved this Random Mystery Adventure™, and tbh I think about this all the time whenever I go to a gas station. I always assumed the systems allowed the managers to pick from a variety of sounds, and they all just unanimously went "hehe yeah sonic ring". Thanks for enlightening us!
I have the sound as a text tone and I remember playing it in a convenience store when buying something just to pull a prank on the cashier and they looked so stumped. I explained the sound but it was still amusing.
that was really ring money of you
The background music... Isn't this from the water level in DK for the SNES?
Just the fact that you've covered this subject made it spooky for me, haha.   My theory: they're using it as a positive association and reaffirmation for getting your items, much the same way we know we've done something right when we collect Sonic's rings. Although there are a lot of sounds in our daily lives that we associate with good things and task completions (think of your microwave's been when its finished), the fact that we get an extra "reward incentive" via sound, especially for those of us who know what sonic rings are, could mean that we would be more inclined to come back and get more items in that store specifically. Its like a pat, so to speak. A "well done!"   Along these same lines, I wonder what effects  using the rings scattering sound every time the camera catches you stealing would have...
Nodbody: Out of Order Sign: OoO
Aquatic Ambiance <3 <3 <3
So has anyone determined if there is actually a code behind Nexpo adding S's to the end of very specific words?  It's often the same words...is there a specific message or just being weird?
LOVE little everyday mysteries like this, thank you Nexpo!
It might not be scary but its still interesting. Very cool!
Song at 00:59?
Listening to your intro on full volume is orgasmic.
I stay ready for new nexpo videos.
I love your intro it is so  Mysterious
Sega got MJ to do some songs for them for Sonic 3, and we all know that MJ was suicided for talking about the Illuminati. This can only mean that the Sonic ring sound is an MK ULTRA trigger for sleeper agents.
If I ask about a cash register they gone think I’m Robbin that mf. Let’s be honest 😂😂
🇵🇷BORI!      fidnt hear the sound effect not one time....smh.   shame
Nexpo: let me take you back to 1975 Aquatic ambience: *starts playing* me: *begins to ascend*
None of the ones i have ever been to use that.. at all.
Thanks for bringing this to attention.  I did think it was odd that I was hearing Sonic sounds.  I always figured they were just sonic fans or something and had some sort of option to customize sound effects.
becuse idk
I love your videos Nexpo, but I do prefer the one hour or even multi hour videos. My GF and I love watching them. I just wish you uploaded more but I know the production is insane with these. Also I prefer the ones where you just talk. Nothing against you but the older ones such as "disturbing things from around the internet" were gold.
I never noticed how weirdly you say your T’s until now and it’s really bugging me. You add a “sss” sound at the end of your Ts.
This is a joke right? LIke this isn't actually a thing in the US right?
The Gilberco Veeder root system at my 76 got a fresh update this week
It's funny I was thinking how odd this was a couple weeks ago
My favorite Youtube mystery videos are the ones about strange but kind of mundane stuff that is still 100% real. So more content like this would be pretty cool.
DCN / NYW
If we like them, LEMMiNO what?
Fr I've been wondering this so much lately.
99c stores use the ICQ Uh Oh sound effect and the sonic ring collect sound effect. First time I went to 99c stores and heared the Uh Oh I kept looking around thinking I got an ICQ notification
TY Nexpo for bringing up everyday things to the light and make sense to whats happening in front of our eyes
I finally see a video on this, I’ve been so many places and heard these sounds and had no clue why I couldn’t find anything on it online
What was that music after the intro?
I never noticed but that's probably because I've never played Sonic lol
WV at least where I live in WV I have never once heard sonic the hedgehog on the cash register.
AQUATIC AMBIENCE, nice
bruh im to high to tell if this is a troll or not
Please bring back the little purple things on the side of the screen
Aquatic ambience is so nice. God tier soundtrack.
I like the lighthearted in-betweeners but I spent the whole video saying, "What sound? At least play it once?"
RIIIIIIIIINGS
i didn’t know that this was universal and just thought it was an obscure midwest small town thing
I have never heard the sonic sound so I had no clue
eh, seems a bit of a "scraping the bottom of the barrel" kind of upload, nonetheless, great work nexpo!
I work at BP on night shift and I have never clicked a video so fast in my life.  I knew I recognized the sound from somewhere omfl.  Edit: THAT IS MY TILL THAT IS THE EXACT SAME TYPE OF GILBARCO I WORK ON ALLLLLLL NIGHT DANG.
Great use of the donkey Kong water world music. Love it.
I remember being at a gas station in New Hampshire that used the ring sound.
I swear on my life, EVERY TIME Im in the gasstaion... asked the dude behind the counter why sonic collects rings sound when you scan an item, the Indian dude behind the register always has no idea what or who sonic is... I leave mildly irritated
This is hands down the scariest video you made
So I’m not the only one
Good to know I'm not the only one who noticed this lol
It always makes me lol when I'm reminded that Point of Sale & Piece of Shit are appropriately identical in abbreviation. 🤭
I'm all for short one-off videos, but try to tackle subject matter more worthy of a video next time. I don't think anyone who follows your channel really cares about Sonic sound effects, not to mention your usual tone and structure over this subject just felt silly.
Now we need to figure out why ski resorts have lift ticket/pass scanners that use the Mario Bros. coin sound effect.
Not usually what I'd expect when I see "Sammy" and "Sonic" in the same video...
I thought I was the only one hearing this omg thanks for making me feel more sane.
I’ve tried to watch this video 5 times and each time I’ve been interrupted. What don’t they want me to know?
Bruh finally at my local gas stations I hear this and never knew why
Eggman owns several gas station chains in the US; its how he can afford to finanace air fleets and space stations on a weekly basis
Been beating it in gas stations so long I actually forgot it was the Sonic sound effect lol
Bro I've always fucking wondered why
Is anyone elses youtube spewing propaganda when you load it up?
0:55 Didn't know they had Donkey Kong Country back in 1975.
Is this a thing specific to a certain area? I live in Ohio and I've never heard that noise.
Aren’t all sounds sonic? Pretty redundant phrase. 😆
It disturbs me that Nexpo uploaded a video that isnt scary-themed.
what
Oddly enough, in my area we have a brand of gas stations named Sonic. They're not as big as Shell or Esso but they're a thing.
wow ive never even realized the sonic sound effect. i never even realized there was a sound to the scanner lol
HEB curbside has the same sound when a car arrives for a pick up.
Never heard of this before
MAN....THANK YOU.
It's weird, never started to hear that anywhere else in lubbock, except at Bolton's, don't really hear it at any other gas station....
i never knew there were gas stations who use the sonic ring sound effect. this is my first time ever hearing about it
So does this mean I can buy some Mountain Dew with some gold rings?
Ive been wondering about this for 12 years, seriously thank you for making this.
When you pay thru Apple Pay, Samsung pay, or quick pay it does the resident evil select noise.
So spooky :0
I knew it! Last time I was at the store checking out, I ran back and got 50 packs of peach rings.
Legitimately never noticed this, and I feel like it'll be all I notice moving forward.
Why the DKC music when you're doing a sonic video?
The thumbnail looks like something out of an absurd nightmare where you know something is horribly wrong but you can't wake up
Did anyone else notice the music at the start is the underwater music from the original donkey kong
Ok but I was actually thinking about this either last night or the night before h o w
cause the sounds are fucking rad
WAIT PEOPLE HEAR SONIC SOUNDS FROM SCANNING ITEMS??? Lucky. :(
I've never herd it. Have you ever thought about contacting the manufacturer?
4:42 one of the pepsi bottles have a yellow lid. Why?
This is the kind of thing Nexpo wakes up in a cold sweat at 3;00 AM thinking about
yeah
Nexpos content changed, went in a wrong way. I would love to see more oldschool nexpo videos
I KNEW I WASN’T THE ONLY ONE
As a child of the 90’s this is honestly hilarious 😂
Thank you for making this video. I always wondered why the cash registers made that noise! Well, the more you know.
Ngl I was expecting this to be about gas stations using sound waves or something to control their customers. Not disappointed with what I got though.
Because it cute and ear catchy
Your production quality is so good that I could listen to you describe dry bread and enjoy it. Anyway, nothing to add but a boost to the algorithms. Commenting for some of that juice.
I love random knowledge like this
Th have King Of Fighters sound effects at Target
I've never, ever experienced this. I've traveled across the country...
In the stream w barely sociable he said something like "I got sick of ARGS, you all got sick of ARGS, yall want something more real and I know that"  Proceeds to post this lmfao good video as always though!
Well thats got to unique to the US as we have no such sonic sound effects from tills in the UK
I’m in California and my gas station has that sound for cash registers 😅
Sonic does wat ataridont
Gotta go fast
I’ve never heard of this...
I’ve literally never noticed the sonic sound effect at the register until right now.
You should do a video about Erin Valenti
Finally, a break from existential dread and insecurity
i have a creepy video to share, where can i send it? tried emailing.. :/
almost every gas station register makes this sound in the south. i just never realized how familiar it sounded
I've never heard that sound before at a gas station or convenient store. I'm in Washington state so maybe thats it.
Looking at the thumbnail, I thought it was going to be videos of gas stations where people used edited sonic sounds to make the video feel scary; like it was some kind of strange cult thing going on. The nature of this channel also led me to think that :)
Im confused about the title
I don't know what I expected clicking on this video, but for sure I didn't expect the title to be literal
Not bad, not bad at all
Getting horny/hungry/thirsty in 4 a.m, why? Next video pls
I’d like to say I’ve never heard that before maybe it’s just the place I live
The scariest thing here is your brain.
You should look into why is it that when I'm watching the video and reading the comments, then one of the comments coincidentally lines up with whatever you are saying at that moment.
You should look into why is it that when I'm watching the video and reading the comments, then one of the comments coincidentally lines up with whatever you are saying at that moment.
will you be doing more reddit mysteries?
There's also gas stations that also use a sound effect from the ps1 Rugrats games when you pick up a collectable
I love how you add relaxing Donkey Kong Music to your videos
I thought this video was going to be about the gas station in your last video of Randonautica, and that someone had heard Sonic sound effects somewhere in the audio ???
Living in the midwest I hear the sonic ring sound at several gas stations—first time really did take me by surprise but I never questioned it. Thank you for delving into this mystery.
Me, a Briton who has never heard a cash register make this sound: Hmmm, ya know I've always wondered why they do that
Then a hyper realistic skeleton popped out.
nexpo why
I nEver heard that sound in every gas station I’ve ever been to lmao so this was interesting
Can i get these 7 mins of my life back from watching pretty much nothing here smh
Bro if never noticed that till now
I was a bit surprised that there's 70k gas stations in the US. Kinda thought it might be on the low side then I mathed out that at equal distribution that's 14k per state. So.... yeah, not as low as i thought. lol
I read the title and could only think "What the frick are you talking about", Then i watched the video.
Damn never even notcied thats crazy
I noticed that alot as a kid but refrained from commenting on it so I wouldn't sound like "an obsessed sonic fan"(I mean... I was, as a kid but I didn't want it being rubbed in).
I love learning weird factoids about the world around me.  I never would have done the leg work myself and just knowing this now, makes me feel a little more connected somehow.  Thanks Nexpo, for the creepy and informative content.
Why are you talking like its a creepypasta? This is just informative
This has been my lives question whenever I would go to road trips as a kid
i like the longer videos
Dude i thought that i just went insane when i hear it and nobody except me noticed
that Donkey Kong Country water levels music is so relaxing lol. Actually, that game's whole soundtrack (?) SLAPS
Omfg man i have always been curios about this since i was a kid😂
I have never come across this at all.
I thought I was the only one who noticed this and was going crazy! I’d mention it to my parents every time we buy something and they wouldn’t get it lol
Whenever people say POS the first thing I think is NOT point of service 😂
So I’m not crazy?
I've only been to one gas station that uses that sound.
A simple answer but Ive always wanted to know! Thanks Nexpo!
This question has been on my mind for years. Thank you for answering this.
99 Stores Only have always used this and I’ve always wondered why but never looked into it. Thanks Nexpo!
Could you please do one on the monkey hate on YouTube? Maybe the pedophelia behind baby monkeys specifically and into that rabbit hole?
the only ones where i hear the sonic ring sound are Leadbetter's
I've only ever visited one gas station whose cash register makes that noise. I always assumed they just had their register custom rigged to make that sound. Thanks for the analysis! It was rather interesting.
Ok i read the title and 30 seconds in now im confused
Holy shit I didn't even notice
So I have something really interesting to share. I thought people would think it was weird but bare with me!!  I was playing a pokemon emulator and had the fast forward 2x speed on. I noticed when the pokemon level up it makes a noise. (If you ever played any pokemon third generation game, you know what I mean) when I listened to it; it sounded exactly like the scanning sound at any 99 cent store. I thought it was SO bizarre. I didn't say anything to anyone out of fear I would sound weird and just thinking too much. But now, maybe i'm on to something?
I thought it was was Sega that bought out Sammy?
Donkey Kong Country Aquatic Ambience 👌
Never heard one. Ever. I promise I’m not just thinking I havnt I know I’ve never heard this shit I was a die hard sonic fanboy
Dude. I heard it and just thought weird and assumed it was a cool hack that someone dude and they all just liked the sound the ACTUAL reason was so cool and we’ll looked into thanks man hahahahaha hahaha seriously subbed. You got me you really did super random but held me bite by bite I liked it for sure thanks again
This is no one-off Nexpo. Try spending some attention upon the other sounds you hear when checking out and remember that a spotter always questions "why?". 😉
Oooh.. you are finally beginning to catch on. 😎👊💜
This has happened to me and my wife so many times! I can’t thank you enough for blowing your weekend so that I can have the question at least a little answered next time we check out.
This guy can make any normal everyday things seem creepy
Do not be content. Never stop reading deeper. One late night you will be in one of these stores. A criminal will assail the lone person at the register. You will hear the distinct jingle from your childhood that reminds you of what it was like to work your way up and earn Super Sonic power. You will awaken, like a sleeper agent, and save the day. This, my friends, is the true answer to this video's "Why?"
also whenever the transaction gets denied the cash register yells in a sonic voice saying Uh-Oh!
thank god someone's asking the real questions
here in the uk ive never heard this sound so it's pretty cool to see
Just got home from a week in the bush and so happy to get back into your vids omg
WHAT SONG ARE YOU PLAYING AT 0:59!?!?!? IT'S A REMIX OF A VAPOR WAVE SONG THAT WAS A REMIX OF A SONG FROM DONKEY-KONG'S WATER LEVEL!!! I NEED TO KNOW WHAT VERSION THIS WAS AND WHERE YOU GOT IT
I’ve never heard this before, maybe it’s not a UK thing? But one thing I will say... I am immediately in love with this!
Is this now Nick Robinson's second channel?
Thsnk you for researching this question I hadn't even thought of asking. I always sort if subconscioudly registered those gas station SFX as Sonic the Hedgehog, but it never crossed my mind that it was literally the exact same sound.
Me: oh yeah I know about this, then I see who it’s by lmao
The deep dive I didn't know I needed 😂
The computers at my work make that sound when we get a new order! It always made me wonder why the sonic sound but I always thought maybe the sonic ring noise was just used as a generic sound for systems to use.
2019 : Murder mysteries, missing persons cases, child abduction rings  2020 : Why are all these gas stations using sonic the hedgehog sound effects?
Nexpo sounds a bit like Mr. Creeps   both of them also make an "H" sound at the end of each word they pronounce.
MINE DO THIS AND IT ALWAYS FREAKED ME OUT
SegaSammy?? I had no idea the sammyclassicsonicfan lore went that deep...
Any more Nexpo videos that can enter my sub box, bring it on! Short, or not
I actually never realized that was the Sonic ring noise, but now I can't unhear it.
Yeah I've wondered this my whole life??? Haven't finished the video yet.. Excited to find out.
huh........I just always thought it was really cool to hear the ring sound effect while buying a bag of chips or something.
Y’all are tweakin bro
*”Faster and faster until the thrill of speed outweighs the fear of death” - Sanik heghoge*
I literally didn't even notice this until I clicked on the videov
Let me sum up the video: "I have no answer to the clickbait question"
Is this a US thing? Or more international
Holy shit I've been questioning it since I was a kid I even asked cashiers before they say they have no fucking idea either
Wait, that's not the sound of sonic collecting rings. That's the sound of sonic almost fucking dying but saved by mere coins
I hear this literally every day and it took me until watching this video to make the connection to Sonic the Hedgehog. Wow, I'm disappointed.
Thanks for triggering those darn water levels in Donkey Kong for the SNES.😂🤣
I've never heard this but I wish I did
This is so funny, I never noticed it until I moved to Texas and went to one of our hole-in-the-wall gas stations. I didn't ask about it, I just thought it was a customization or something.
You didn't even answer any questions. Why didn't you email SegaSammy or something like that to try and get a definitive answer?
Huh, now I want to check it out for myself.  Interesting!
Since you played a Resident evil background on the video and speaks about audios from games on other places...  It made me remember that the wolf howlings from the RE1 is from Chavo del 8, a mexican tv show from the 70s lol  Even some door hinges sound effects.
I hear this all the time!
I've been to several gas stations and have wondered why the hell sonic collecting rings happened I legit thought the gas stations can put whatever sounds they want
I never put the two together.
I always thought I was hearing things. Thanks for actually explaining this.
Texas here. I hear the sonic sound and Mario coin effect everywhere. I think target’s hand scanners make the Mario coin sound but I could be wrong
I've never heard this is a thing but now I want to buy groceries to the bruh sound effect
I'm pretty sure cash registers always made that sound I remember playing Sonic for the first time in the 90s and thinking wow it's like a cash register sound.
That DKC aquatic music is one of the best game themes ever.
I didn't hear it in California but I did come across that in South Carolina. I couldn't belive my ears and looked around thinking someone was playing the game or something. Sonic always has the most unusual moments to pop up in my life
I kinda assumed that sonic took it from register
I live in Massachusetts and we've had this all over the state for years.  It's not just that one sound effect, though. I only hear it occasionally so I'm not sure which function does it, but there's also that sound effect when Sonic crashes and loses all of his rings. Every time I hear it I double-take.
I'VE ALWAYS WONDERED WHY BP'S USE SONIC SOUNDS. THANKS NEXPO.
not in my country.
Im a new subscriber lets see if this comment gets noticed. I live in Canada and ive never heard that sonic chime ever, maybe its a states thing
I've never heard this before in Canada
ive actually heard the start game/menu selection sound effect in a late night mexican tv show my mom used to watch when i was younger. it really tripped me out, this was before i had ever heard the ring sound at any gas station.
WE WANT MORE
EXXON
Hey Nexpo, you good????
You never truly answered the question my guy
"He's too dangerous to be kept alive!"
I hear that all the time and it never clicked that it was a sonic ring
The Donkey Kong underwater theme is such a bop.
Going really deep down the rabbit hole with this one...
i’ve noticed this for 10 years 😂😂😂😂 it’s always bothered me like why Sonic
Of course others would know about this I couldn't be alone
I always hear it when I buy something
I freaked out and thought that it was an actual pop-up lmao 3:30
I love how white people racist everyone keep it up OUT OF ORDER
not at all related but around the world here the is anime themed junkboxes, just the visuals the music is the usual road bar stuff.
I hear this often at gas station. I live in Texas. And I always say “cool. Sonic” then carry out the rest of my day
I gotta go fast and cash out at speed of sound like the quickest hedgehog around man.
Sick that you used Aquatic Ambience from DK in this!
As a sega and Dreamcast enthusiast I approve! Do more gaming videos!
Donkey Kong Country's underwater music is an out-of-body experience
Facebook used to use the goal post sound effect from Sonic 1 for their notification sound, but I don't know if they still do.
I’ve always thought about this as a kid lmao
Convenience stores in my area have the same thing. I recall commenting on it to the cashier, and even asking why it did that. she had no idea why. She'd also took notice of the fact that it was a sound clip (the ring grab) from Sonic the Hedgehog, but that hadn't noticed it until I pointed it out to her.  I wondered why... But not enough for me to do the research required to find out.
I heard the 'collect a ring' noise last night, I was legit wondering why, then just let it go, thinking it was just an add on one of the screens trying to get my bird brain's attention.
One time I got rear ended at a gas station and rings came flying out of my car
I’ve literally never heard this
Quarentine really got us out here huh
Finally a video made about this trippy shit 😭 I was like wtf SONIC????
never heard about this and never heard that sound at gas stations
Worked in a gas station that had these sound effects. They ONLY ran with our Ruby system (which was for gasoline purchases, not anything else). I actually asked my manager because why sonic rings? At least in that shop, one of the old employees had set the ring sound and no one could figure out how to change it back...
Working on a deal w/ Gilbarco/Vontier right now this is crazy
Your voice turns me on 🔥
The resident evil soundtrack in the background makes this so much better 😎
it really is nothen..
I love you for using the save place music of Resident Evil in the vid <3
I thought my gas station was the only one...
You know quarantine's eating you alive when you're speculating about cash register noises ;-;
Wait, this is a thing outside of my gas station? :rethinking everything:
Yes!!! I’ve wondered this for years. There’s a flea market / antiques / convenience store hodgepodge of a shopping mall in Delaware that has registers that do this. There’s also a video game store in said shopping mall so I always thought it was really cool.
THIS HAS BEEN RACKING MY BRAIN FOR A HOT MINUTE!
I love this. Life is good.
Thank you for this!; kinda always wondered about the ring sound. Thanks!
Whispers softly *sonic...*
The place we get our cars serviced at uses the ring sound effect, too!
God I love that synthy track you got playing ng during the begining of the song.
holy shit im so fucking spooked rn
I heard the sound and thought of sonic when i was a kid. I just thought is was a generic or default sound. My bluetooth Speaker starts up like a psp 😂 i kinda laughed
Here in philippines, no one uses Sonic sound effect though xD.
Wait, this is a thing going on everywhere else?! I thought it was just the Sunoco down the street from my house!
I thought I was the only one who heard the sonic ring sound effect all these years
I never heard of that sound at a gas station. Must be an american thing.
I watched this before you changed the thumbnail and I didn’t know it was about LITERAL Sonic, I thought it was going to be about infra-sound and ghosts and stuff lol
Not in the UK
Long time listener, first time writer. This is the video that made me sub. Not sure why I wasn’t subbed sooner. Anyway, keep up the good work! Love what you do! And yes, I love these little side mysteries! This was awesome!
I'd never even noticed before... I can almost guarantee I'll hear it every single time I go into a gas station for the rest of my life, now...
I thought I was imagining things when I heard the ring sound effect from sonic at my gas station
This was pretty fun! I dig that you'll do independent research into these random mysteries, so I definitely wouldn't mind seeing more of these short videos.
1:03 Dope Demon!
Lmaooooooo
21?
It’s not creepy in any way, nothing paranormal, no one died, but it feels Erie and creepy but it feels right, I love it
Sammy Classic Sonic Fan and the company Sammy? Coincidence? I think NOT
yo it honestly never occurred to me...
I've noticed the use of stock sounds from the original star trek in fast food prep, in Australia
It's the convenience store collecting your money
You don’t know how happy I am that you put the donkey Kong country underwater level theme in the video, it’s so nostalgic
Asking the important questions that matter! Seriously though I never really thought about that until I saw this and now it's bugging me as to why this is a thing. SegaSammy might have developed the OS that the registers use and it might have just been added as an easter egg or calling card, but that's the only thing I can think of as to why the machines use the ring sound effect. This is truly a mystery that boggles the mind!
I am so glad you talked about this.  I thought I was delusional when I kept hearing Sonic sound effects when shopping and this proves I am not losing my mind.  Well, at least not losing it over this particular topic, DAD on the other hand...
There's always a "Sammy" related to Sonic...
Please make more videos like this
I work on q lov of gas station refrigeration, HVAC, and electrical systems and have wondered this q lot. Every store does have a veeder root system in the mechanical rooms, so I wonder if they can change the sounds? Maybe other Sega sounds.
sonic sounds in those stores? never heard of that, but it sounds awesome.
Haven't watched the full video yet, so this might be answered, but as someone who's worked at 7-eleven for 4 years, and frequents gas station convenience stores, i have never once heard the sonic sound effect come from a cash register. Is this an American thing? I'm Canadian, FWIW
Loved this video, I like how you're able to handle both, dark content and lighter content while still being as informative and smooth voiced as you are
I think I heard this sound once somwhere
this man went in to a deep dive search because he didn't consider it might just be a stock sound effect something a lot of games at the time used, since stock sounds were cheaper then making your own sounds  at least we got a... interesting.. video out of it (even if most people who see this are probably super confused)
That wasn't much of an answer. I thought you were going to say you reached out to SegaSammy or the POS company and they told you what was going on. But you kind of left it with speculation. In the end, you ended up asking basically the same quesiton you did in the beginning. Who is responsible for putting that sound effect in gas stations? We still don't have a definitive answer.
I live in Florida and when lotto tickets are scanned it makes the message notification sound from ICQ
Glendale California here. The gas stations have the sound here too
Being from Scotland this is very interesting.
I have no idea if the basis for this video is real or an elaborate ruse. Either way, it's dope.
I had this exact question at a 7/11 in rhode island a few years ago.  It must be a US thing but it's pretty interesting
You never found out exactly why this happens though 😔 I feel duped
Have not heard any of these sound effects at the gas stations I've been to.  Thanks for playing Aquatic Ambience tho,  is my favorite video game music ever!
WOW im SHOCKED by how many people don't know that this is a thing and i thought i was a FUCKIN LUNATIC because my whole life i've heard rhe ring sound at EVERY SINGLE gas station i've ever went to! dude i'm very glad you made this video and im DEFINITELY SUBSCRIBING!
3:24 it appears the Gilbarco card reader is a racist lol
🤣 I worked at a gas station that had that software for like... 5 years .  Never put two and two together that it was a sonic ring 🤣
Is THAT Seaweed BUTTER!!!  0:45
I had no idea that this would become a video, but this is awesome. I heard the Sonic chime when I was paying for gas once and I legit thought it was someone's ringtone, cashier looked at me like I was an idiot.
it's not what I expected but I really enjoyed it!
As soon as I heard aquatic ambience I knew it was real
This one gas station in my area does this and I always thought somebody at the store just messed with the machine to make it play the ring sound effect. Didn't know other machines did this as well
I always thought it was a ringtone because I hear this everywhere I go the fuck?
I think a local Esso is where I first noticed a gas station/convenience store POS using the Sonic Ring Sound.
I'm not from the US but I was intrigued by the video title
I've never heard a register make that noise before. I wonder if its more common in a certain region of the US
Ryan at checkout for a combination of products to simulate the taste of human meat:   "Hey, wait a minute!"
Gobarco weed roots? Oh my god
Random Resident Evil save room theme on a video about Sonic LOL
I've only been to one corner store that makes this sound. The first time I heard it, it caught me off guard and I joked a bit about it with my girlfriend since it's a corner store we always go to when I visit her. Now every time we go, it's just become normal to me now but I still think it's funny.
It's the same sound effect many pachinko machines make.
I thought it was just this random seven eleven, didnt know it was wide spread wtf?!
i really thought he was gonna be like “back in 1979 someone was murdered by sega and they use the cash register to cover it up” or some crazy shit
Quarantine is getting to nexpo
i've heard it at amusement parks as well. many places being scanned for things, events and what-not. i feel like Legoland in california used that sound, but i can't quite remember. perhaps six flags magic mountain?
me, an European, having no idea that this was a real thing: ah well of course
Thumbs up! Keep the shorties coming.
00:58. Donkey Kong soundtrack.  SNES. I'll never forget that track.
totally because it’s like a trigger, its like buy something, fun noise, you wanna spend money
The thumbnail changed,did anyone noticed that?
“You read the title so you know what this is abouts”
First video of yours I’ve seen and I can best describe it as delicious food for the brain. Can’t wait to watch another!
r u on stuff?
1:00 WAIT A MINUTE WHAT IS THIS MUSIC FROM, i swear this gives me crazy nostalgia feelings
It's the 1st time I even thought about it thats crazy i mean it does sound like sonic
HEE ho
Is this rly what happens in America lol
never heard a sonic sound might just be me
This is it. This is THE most random video i’ve seen from this channel.
ive lived in france, canada and a few places in america, and ive never heard this sound before, but damn this peaked my interest
I never noticed that, I just thought it was a normal royalty free ding
I see nexpo posted new video, i upvote.
Always noticed this... also, for a while, Target used the Super Mario World coin sound effect
I haven't even started the video yet and I just want to say thank you so much for answering one of my friends and I's most mysterious questions concerning our little town.
i’ve heard it so many times. the marathon down the road... A MILLION TIMES I HAVE HEARD THE SONIC RING SOUND
always been wondering why, its everywhere in ohio
I assumed sega owns cash register
I work at a gas station and this shit has always bothered me. The sound it makes when the pumps go down reminds me of another game but I have no clue.  It goes something like "Boo-woo-oo"
Haven't watched this video yet but my prediction is that it gives you a dopamine rush like you're achieving something in a game or gambling so you feel compelled to buy more. I'm going to see if I'm right haha
I've never heard that sound at a cash register, am I insane?
spoopy
out of curiosity, are you going to cover the end of HIMM?
I've heard it on gas station encounters.
lol wtf yall have sonic sound effects on cash registers in america?
I have had this same question. for ages
Who knew that a place where bathrooms go too hell, could be so interesting!
I used to work at a gas station that had the Sonic sound effect and we also had that POS system.
I've always wondered this!!!!!
This isnt even a creepy subject, but you somehow still freak me out >_< it is 3 am afterall lol
I'm not sure if I've ever noticed this or if this just isn't how it is where I'm from
i thought I was the only one who noticed this.
this phenomenon got into Malaysia, even  but I've only witnessed one Restaurant having this, and it was the checkpoint sound instead of the rings
Can you please drop the horror aesthetic if you're not gonna cover horror topics? I've got no issue with the change of content over the past year, but man it is really jarring with the Shining-like intro with all the spooky portraits on the walls and grainy VHS effects and moody music, all covering an inane topic that I'd expect someone like Barely Sociable to cover.  Again I have no issue with the choice of topic, but the tonal whiplash doesn't work.
Not spooky at all
what about the “Uh oh” the cash registers sometimes also make nexpo? i must know the meaning behind the “Uh oh” i used to imagine was kirby for some bizarre reason as a child!
I can tell you how often I think about this thank you for giving me this closure
He is running out of content. Thank you for the stupid video.
I knew it! I wasn't going crazy, last year, I was at the Sunaco in Clarksville and it made that noise. As a Sonic fan, this surprised me. Like you I even talked to the cashier about it.
There is no greater joy than watching a brand new Nexpo video
3:32 made me move my mouse to try and click register my company
I've been wondering this for years, thank you so much ♡
I’ve never heard this, ever, and I’ve been to dozens of gas station convenience stores. Is it maybe a regional thing? I live in Oklahoma.
why the thumbnail change?
HUH? I've literally never heard the sonic noise at a gas station
Not what I'd usually expect from this channel, but this was fun!
man i would love if nexpo did a new video about TheSunVanished.
Wow, I totally thought I was the only one hearing the ring sound.  I feel strangely validated
WTF r u talking about . You didn't solve shit. It's no better then me talking a wild guess. Absolute waste of time
I blew this video off cause I thought it was scary
My School Used Sonic's Slowing Down Sound Effect As a Warning Bell
I work at a gas station that uses that system and it only makes that sound on the one register to setup gas purchases.  We used to silence the thing before the volume control was taken away from us.  It would also make an ‘uh oh’ sound if there was an error.
INTERNET CHECKPOINT
Nice DK underwater level song, hopefully Nintendo doesnt send the yukuza after you like they did to Sega!
I've never heard a cash register do that haha
bruh... i always just thought it was the cashier’s text message ringtone lol... but then again i’ve only ever noticed this phenomenon at 1 gas station in my area and i know someone who actually had the sonic ring sound as their ringtone so that’s how i made the connection haha
Holy crap, FINALLY somebody took notice to this too lol
What scares me is that yesterday(before I saw this), I was in a gas station with this😰😰😰
I've wondered this since the first time I heard it! Leave it to my man Nexpo to do the research! Thank you!
Yo I used to have the little ring pickup sound effect for my phone and I had to switch it because this shit lol
Huh. I actually thought about this a few times now
The one thing that really stuck out to me was Veeder-Root. Mainly because the company I work for uses revolution counters in some very old equipment that were designed in the ‘50’s. No idea if they would be related.
*Walks into convenience store*  SEGAAAAAAAA
Every single time I go to the gas station and I hear that I literally think of sonic every time
Anyone know what the music is called that starts at 2:36 I’ve been trying to find it for ages since I heard it in the PS4 theme for resident evil 20th anniversary but can’t find an answer
The DKC music hit me hard
this is like a half as interesting episode
I fully suspect that these noises are addictive to some level like at casinos this is an attempt to have the customer leave with a positive experience and return for more profits. Sometimes when I try to fall asleep after playing Sonic I still hear the ringing.
I have NO IDEA what sound or sounds he is even talking about! This whole video & he STUPIDLY didnt even play the damn sound once???
I've never heard a cash register anywhere make that noise wtf do you people live.
it does the ring drop sound when you rob the place
I'd like to see a cash register that yells "HADOUKEN!" every time it makes a transaction.
I’ve always remembered going like “hey that’s the sonic ring sound!” To the cashier when I was like 8
So, anyone else reed the tittle with his voice?
I've never been to a convince store that uses this sound effect.
i have never noticed this once in my life. never
I finally know the Answer I've been searching for my whole life
Dude, since you asked, I find this trivia content kinda boring. And speaking of Disturbing Things I sometimes feel you need to reach, like there's this and that that's good but can't fill the quota so some not so good stuff has to do. All of this is fine, just an honest opinion with no harm intended, I still enjoy your channel thoroughly.
I never noticed that it was the sonic sound till now oh my god
I just noticed you use donkey Kong country underwater ambience a big hit of nostalgia
Back when I was in like elementary or middle school, I would go to the library to get a book and every time it got scanned, it would make a Sonic sound
God you lost your touch I came to nexpo for scary shit not light hEarted bullshit
I saw the title and clicked so fast! I was like Ooooh! What deep dark web, secret cult, shady corporation is secretly up to no good?! Lol nope, X3 just a casual video. I still loved it, and I think I've been following this channel waayy to closely! XD
I thought it was someones ring tone for a minute, but yeah thanks for this and I was curious too Nexpro, really.
this has never happened to me
I was skeptical at first but I dig this concept! Analyzing some of the common, everyday mysteries that are so engrained into our lives that we stop questioning them is surprisingly entertaining to watch.
Nexpo always says "I love you all" but we all dont say "I love you nexpo" I love you nexp <33
_walks into convenience store_  *so who built this here register?*
the sound was invited to mak you buy buy buy buy buy buy you grew up with sonic grabbing rings over and over and its on these machines hmmmmmmmm grab grab grab buy buy buy buy buy buy everything you see on or here on tv is a product begging for you dirty fat ass dollar... shut up and buy buy buy
I love that even though its a bit of a silly vid, nexpo still said " i love you all and goodnight". It sounds silly to get teary eyed, but today was a rough day. It really means a lot to me and I'm sure others that not only does he always say it, that you can tell he honestly means it. Thanks nexpo :) just remember we love you too
Ive never heard this before. But i hope I do soon
I don’t think I’ve ever heard a sonic sound in a gas station what
what is the song at 1:00
Sonic go fast Car get gas to go fast  Sound go plin like it do in sonic Customer happy cuz gas station make car fast
These short episodes remind me of those REALLY QUICK CRIME MYSTERIES from Interdimentional Cable on Rick and Morty.
I like this episode....but how about you do some cyberpunk 2020 tabletop with the others? I know random...but man your narrative voice can rock any table top game.
I had no idea those where Sonic SFX.
I saw this updated version and was like “OOOO A PART 2?!?!” Only to be shot down and have nothing to do tonight
My brother works at a corner store and we've always wondered why the sound effect was Sonic's ring. Thank you
5:10 I love you too (:
I live in Australia so I had absolutely no idea this was a thing. This just blew my mind lol
I have literally never heard a cash register with Sonic sound effects. Most only have a generic beeping sound effect, if they even have any at all.
I thought it was only in my area, but it isn't!
Theres been donkey kong country music in all the new videos
Would love a Nexpo lens into 9/11  You have an uncanny ability to sort data and break down everything like you naturally do. Yeah it's been done a billion times before, but with so much misinformation out there on this mega tragedy, it would be nice to get some clarity and perspective from your findings. I dont mind the videos being hours long.  But, I like the sonic story too!
I've always assumed the Sonic sound effects were just a part of a sound library that ended up being used in the cash registers like how a lot of sound effects in Mario 64 come from a Warner Brothers sound library of mostly sounds used in Looney Tunes cartoons.
It's Adam Sessler and  something something algorithm today on Nexpo
i always thought it was just something this dude that my local gas station had on his scanner- i’ve never heard it anywhere else except for that gas station right next to my house
huh, wtf?  edit: wtf bro?
Definitely enjoyed the shorter light heartedness and would watch more.
Whoa wait a second!  This isn’t only at *my* gas station!?
Love your intro!
This was awesome! For real!
Hahaha😂
The most disturbing thing about this is that the 6pack of Goose Island beers in one of the last shots were $14 a 6 pack. They’re $6 bucks where I’m at man that hurt to look at
I thought that the ring collecting sound effect was based on a chime used in casinos.  I don’t have anything to back this up, but the idea is that they would use a sound that was already associated with money.  I was a toddler when Sonic came out, so I couldn’t tell you if it’s true, but my dad told me that once when I heard the ring sound in a tv show.
That was really neat video, I've also seen washing machines that make other sonic sounds too.  I'm glad someone solved that mystery.
That was really neat video, I've also seen washing machines that make other sonic sounds too.  I'm glad someone solved that mystery.
I thought I was losing my mind. Thank you for this video. <3
my local gas station used the sonic ring effect for a few years then switched to generic sounds
DKC underwater level theme is heavenly
I thought I was the only one.
You ask why cash registers uses sonics sound effect. Then not 30 seconds later your using the underwater theme from donkey kong. I know the answer, its because they are good songs and sound effects.
Or, Sega bought the sound effects from a sound effects library back in the 80s, and the cash registers just happen to use the same ones.
Keep at the great work Ryan!
sammyescape.mp3
I must not be going to the right stores, I have never heard this before :(
That’s freaking awesome
Gotta go fast ig
cool but where is the spook?
you asksi i'll respond with my opinion. these short videos leave me wanting more of a deep dive. like i missed something. Not (and i mean this in earnest, not to be a dick) something i can google really quickly. But i under stand wanting to make something that simply satisfyingly to yourself. besides i have a decent enough backlog of your content to go through. :)
Can Sega take legal action on this?
Thanks for reliving my childhood terror by playing the Resident Evil 1 safe room music
I deadass thought you edited that coin effect in
I plead the blood of Jesus over all you videos. Any work or video you have done knowingly or not for satan is undone. I declare the power and authority of Jesus over this channel, it’s viewers, and all future works in his mighty name. Amen!!
Short and simple!  Always enjoy the videos Nexpo!
Could you call them and ask?
Thank you for answering a burning question in my life, I'll be thinking of nexpo next time I'm at fasgas
This channel is straight up cringe now
And you didn't cover the 'why use Sonic's coin sound specifically? Why not a random coin sound?'  I figured you'd get into the subconscious affect of replaying a sound from a game you've enjoyed while you're spending money causes you to feel happy about spending your money.
I never thought about the noise but it was always so distinct that I atleast took notice
Fun fact: I own SegaSammy stock
Congrats Nexpo, I just watched the Randonautica video and I had planned to watch this video after the other one, this video was uploaded "21" hours ago.
Philadelphia's MFL and BSL play megalovania when you pay to get on 😀
Rip the old thumbnail
hhshfjdwk the nostalgia of the first clips
'because it really is nothing' me: NO IT'S NOT nexpo: not to me. me: 😪
I like this concept.  You are looking at strange but inconsequential things to expose a layer of reality that most just even notice exists, pretty cool.
I swear I'm hearing aquatic ambience on so many youtube videos these days... Something fishy going on here...
Seriously though, I’ll never forget the first time I heard the cash register make the Ring Collect sound.
I think you need a different tone on these videos, the music and stuff makes it seem like it was gonna turn into some creepypasta where theres actually a super dark origin story for the sound
This must be a local thing, the only sound I've ever heard is the standard short high pitched beep they make when you scan something. I've worked at a garage too as a cashier.
Why has the thumbnail pic changed from a giant sonic golden ring to a picture of sonic in the corner? Been eyeing this video since its upload yesterday but only watching it now and it's suddenly just changed. Wasn't like this a couple hours ago.
"Let's go back to 1975" *plays muh 80s aesthetic synthwave whatever* Please don't do this
A nexpo episode based around my favorite video game franchise?! Count me in! Not going to lie, I rarely go to the gas stations that use the ring sound effect on their registers, so when I do end up going to one that has the sound effect, I freak out. :V Also random fun fact, the ring sound effect was made with three tones, which you can hear all three tones if you slow the sound effect down. Also I'm pretty sure there was a topic posted years ago on Sonic Retro about this, so it's been talked about in the community before. :P
i think the Valeros near me had this sound effect
I don't owe anybody anymore thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Holy fuck I thought this was just at the gas station near me. I didn't think this was common.
I've never ever . heard that
maybe they couldn't get past metropolis  zone.
I have always wondered this.
I've been plagued with this question for 15 years
Thank you for answering questions we all were wondering about but no one else would put in the effort to answer
i've literally never thought about this but thank you for sharing
Cash registers want to become Sonic, and will try by any means necessary
america is so weird
LOL i have a meristop like 15 minutes from my house that place a ring sound effect when you go inside, i remember wondering why it was like that back when i was like 6.
Everyone: We hear it. We take notice. And then we go on our day like it's nothing. Because it really is nothing.   Nexpo: But it's something to me.
the merge?
I live in Texas, I never heard that sound effect in stores
radical video my dude
YES I think of this everytime I hear it and never thought to search why. Glad this was recommended!
LOL
Yasss goodnight mmm
SOMEONE FINALLY ANSWERED ONE OF THE MANY SMALL QUESTIONS THAT MAKE ME BALD MORE EVERYDAY
"Gas Stations and Sonic Sound Effects - Why?" Because it's cool and why not?
I thought I was the only one out there that noticed the ring chime from the Sonic games at the cash registers at my local Sunoco.
The topic of sound / sample propagation throughout society is incredibly interesting to me.  See also: the Wilhelm scream, the Amen break.  Fascinating stuff.  Excellent video!  It might be worth the research (though I don't know how you would go about it) to see where Sonic team got the original "ring" sound effect.  If they had a synthesizer or other software or sample pack that had that "ring" as a usable effect or sample, it's possible the two developers (Sega, and Gilbarco) came to use that sound independently - by using the same hardware or software during development - and the "original" is on some old Roland or Nord synth, or "Random Cool Sound FX VIII" pack or similar.  A similar situation famously happened to the music group Blondie and the artist Gary Numan back in 1980 when they used the same synth with the same built-in rhythm as an intro to their hit songs ("Heart of Glass" and "Remind me to Smile", respectively.)  I also mentioned the Wilhelm scream, another instance of sound propagation by which a scream recorded during production of a 1951 movie made it into the sound library of Warner Bros., and was then used in hundreds and hundreds of productions as a "scream/terror" sound effect in future movies, television shows, and video games too.  Star Wars comes to mind as one of the most famous uses of the Wilhelm, but a quick glance at the Wikipedia article shows entries as recently as April 2020 with new usages of the Wilhelm scream.
Was I the only one that thought you were just gonna play Gas Station and Sonic sounds effects at the same time and call it a video
These shorter videos are perfect for when I’m having a light snack lmao
when the aquatic ambiance started playing it made me feel a new emotion
I was so confused reading that title. I’ve never noticed before, but after hearing the example at the beginning, I’ve definitely heard it countless times.
Fun fact. I've never heard it
I didn’t know this was a thing before this video, guess it’s just a US thing
I transport fuel in South Florida and found it surprising that the name of the company in part was "Veeder Root". Its a computer system built in to underground tanks at gas stations used to print out the levels in the underground tanks. Basically used to make sure what fuel you are delivering will fit in the below ground tank you are dropping it in.
I didn't know this was a thing. Never been in the US. I would be shocked if I heard the jingle from a gas station though.
what
Wot
Inb4 I watch video, with knowledge of Sega, the same people who make the cash registers are under a subsidiary of Sega Sammy
A lot of the Keith's gas stations in Mississippi have this. Been wondering about this for years.
i thought this phenomenon was just a local thing
Tbh, I love small stuff like this. I'd love a whole little series of stuff like this
People complaining about how this wasn't scary....  Capitalistic monopolies are the _true_ horror my dudes✌️
So..... slow news day?
Yes! More videos are always welcome. :D
man you really tried to stretch this out long huh
I...I didn't even realize the sound effect was the same
I've never heard a cash register make a Sonic sound effect, and I live in the USA. What region of the country is this usually in?
I live in NY and I've never heard a sonic sound at a gas station before, this feels like some weird alternate timeline shit
I liked it. I let you know. But I hope if a more narrow light comes to us as why in particular that sound or why from Sonic? I know the popularity would heavily influence it, but was there another runner up? I dont know...I think too much😂😂😂😔
miss the spooky stuff. Maybe i shouldnt have binge-watched it all :(
I literally was just thinking about that yesterday
Gilbarco Veeder-Root is also the leading brand of cash registers in Europe as well, and yet I still have to hear a Sonic sound effect in any convenience store...
I love the contrast between the content and spooky undertones?
this has bothered me for years i thought i was going insane. also happens up in canada too usually at circle k
You never figuered out qhere it came from. This mystery was unexplained.
I only enter one gas station cuz it was next to my middle school and hear the ring sound i sincerely thought the owner was sonic fan i didn't know it was common in all the US
Speaking as a Sonic fan, all I have to say is...  *...Huh?*
Do you think if they get robbed, it makes the ring loss sound?
What is with the 30sec counter on the clock in the metro scene at the beginning? Edit: and the crosswalk scene.
These lighthearted ones are kinda fun
Why is it scary even tho it’s a cool idea
6:00 can anyone help me with the Name of the background track
Jesus Christ lol   I like these
Is never heard it from the city I live in  I live in Canada
Where tf are you living that registers have sonic sound effects? Its always just a BOOP sound
i literally heard it for the first time in a bar  (in Italy) a couple hours ago and u come up with this video...
GOOD LORD FINALLY ANOTHER PERSON WHO KNOWS ABT THE SONIC SOUND I THOUGHT I WAS GOING CRAZY °¥¤₩```×》¥¤¤₩¡%%°£
Why are you using Donkey Kong music if you're talking about Sega
SegaSammyClassicSonicFan
I never have heard the sonic sound effect at a convenience store, maybe it’s just where I live idk
Before they became Circle K here in Georgia, the PoS registers at Flash Foods used to have Looney Tunes sounds for start up and shut down.  It was always odd to hear Bugs Bunny say "And Goodbye!" when I would pop in during a shift change and one of the registers was shutting down.  Can't remember what they used for start up now.
My 99 cents store has the same thing
The shell gas stations usually have this sound effect.
My kid is called Sammy and i used to work for gilbarco veeder root years ago so this blew my mind haha
Hell yeah dude. I've been asking myself this for years. Most people want answers of how the universe is made or is God real? When all I wanna know is why do I hear that Sonic sound when I say $30 on 7?
I've always wondered about this and never seen anyone else bring it up. Glad I'm not crazy.
ok why is this in my recomented and who tf ever actually asked that
i l y 2
Always found it charming
I thought I was the only one who ever noticed
We asking the real question since our quarantine-induced insomnolence, now
I no longer need my 9-5 thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
Scary content can confirm got big scared
Never thought about this until now....
Finally someone talks about it!!!!
is that first audio after the video starts chrono trigger?
Where can I find a store like this-
I here that sonic ring sound every time it’s giving me brain damage
"It's the mid seventies" =Donkey Kong Music Intensifies=
99 cent only store registers does this also.
I was watching "Gas Station Encounters" and was wondering the same thing.
Now if we could only get the gas station auto-flushing toilets to play the “you’re about to drown” song right before they flush. That would be awesome.
Did he seriously save the last 2 1/2 minutes of the video for credits? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
what about the "uh oh" sound effect?
Card gets declined *Sonic dropping coins sound effect plays*
My favorite dk country song in the back! Love it
Thank you for answering this.
Keep doing these! This is something that has bugged me for years.
There is something oddly calming about your videos. Chilling and calming. Really awesome, perfect for late night gaming or just before sleeping to cool down a notch.
this video speaks to me SO HARD
Before I even watch this, I used to live near a gas station with sonic ring sounds on the register, and across the street was a car wash that played the song of storms.
Love this little dive (would that be considered a dip?), I haven't come across any system like that here in Canada although some of the lottery booth have a ticket checker that does the Homer Simpson "Woo-HOO" if your ticket is a winner. Not sure if its an actual sound byte of the character or a close facsimile.
I’m scared of this channel and I keep watching it
Me waiting for Disturbing Things From Around The Internet Vol. 11
Remember the number 21
BROOOO
omg I noticed this to! WHY
I heard one for the very first time during my family's yearly trip to Virginia. I was surprised, and thought the "collecting rings" sound was just in my head or maybe a coincidence of some kind? We don't have that kind of thing in Canada.
Hello my friend, you have ID?
Nexpo researching what’s REALLY keeping people up at night. Nice.
I thought this was gonna be about liminal spaces 😄 you should do an episode on those
This reminds me about how some small corner stores or 99 have a bugs bunny sensor that talks when someone passes by
They're collecting our coins so it makes sense. Lol I'm just happy I knew about this. I actually noticed this a week or so ago and commented when I heard it. The lady laughed either at me or in agreement. 😂
honestly, I really do appreciate & enjoy these lighter hearted ones. everything is shit so 7mins of topics like this make me a little happier. thanks for all your hard work, man!
This is truly the reason why I love Nexpo :)
What happened to this channel....?
I usually have to be in a certain mood to watch your videos, but I could watch this any day of the week!
why is  there a "s" at the end of some words like "were gona check this outs" i just dont get it lol
In all honesty, channels like Nexpo and Lazy Masquerade are awesome because they give us the strange/creepy content we love but they also make sure to update on the same video later on if something has been debunked or a crime has been solved. I love how Nexpo is physically going to these certain places to see if anything strange is going on as well.
Wait. Is this real? I’ve literally never heard any Sonic sounds during the countless trips I’ve made to convenience stores.
I've been a part-time store clerk on my local gas station on the weekends for nearly 3 years. I've always been intrigued as to why it made that sound, I've asked countless people why: IT, maintenance, facilities technicians, even representatives from Gilbarco itself and none of them were able to give me a solid answer. Thanks for delving deeper and exploring this topic :)
Sega has been really quiet after this was uploaded...
These kind of things are fine and I'll certainly watch them. You know how excited we get when we see one of your vids pop up! I wouldn't mind a shorter video on some bizarre subject that captures your fancy. :)
im playing donkey kong country now damnit
The veeder-root in gilbarco veeder-root is the company that develops monitoring and measurement tools for the fuel tanks at gas stations, conveniently called veeder-roots. I developed software targeting them for Murphy USA so I wonder if I randomly wandered over these Sonic sound bytes during my tenure.
Can't go fast without gas.
I wonder if these cash registers are using the Yamaha YM2612 FM chip that was used in the Sega Genesis for sound. It was a common chip and getting to that sound would be a short step from there.
I don't see why this has to be a mystery. Seems to me like it's just a stock sound effect.
Only true fans know Sonic wasn’t there in the original.
Just noticed you changed the title from a ring to sonic
I've never heard that sound effect come from a cash register.
FINALLY someone talks about!
Thumbnail changed lol
Speculation
GOTTA GO FAST O T T A  G O  F A S T
I would absolutely love to see you do more of this type of content! Just small mysteries in the world are super cool to learn about. I've been wondering why this was a thing since I was really little, so it's cool to have it figured out.
just because you add ominous background music and speak like that doesn't make this spooky man...
There's a gas station in Austin up the street from the pawn shop where I used to work at 8 years ago. That was the first time I ever heard that sound coming from a cash register
you talk so strange sometimes
this was dogshit
The thumbnail changed why?
Every time I go to Sedona I hear it lmao
That Aquatic Ambience though. I see you’re a man of culture! 💕  Also, thanks for the video! I always thought I was just tripping and didn’t think much of it whenever I heard the Sonic sound at my local “liberty” gas station. I honestly didn’t even know others were hearing it too until I saw this video posted! Quite an interesting topic.
Do a follow up on this in collaboration with Nick Robinson. If it can wait until US travel bands are lifted, he'll likely fly to Japan to find answers hahahaha
Ahhh finally a nexpo I can watch
@4:15  Mazda RX-3. Nice.
Yeah dude, I recently moved to Oregon and I heard that Sonic ring sound effect at a gas station and I was soooo confused why that was there... haha the state I come from doesnt have that 😂
despacito
I love listening to ur videos while I go around the house cleaning. The amount of effort and actual research you go into for them is great and I always watch the ads and play the video until it’s over for maximum watch time lol. You deserve everything good these videos bring to you. Thank you for another interesting upload! I like the casualness too, along side the spooky ones. Your voice is very relaxing as well haha idk why I felt the need to type this all but yeah basically 😂
I'VE BEEN WONDERING ABOUT THIS, TOO.  I really thought it was a coincidence.
I've never, not once have heard that sonic sound on any cash register
Wait, I've never heard a gas station register make that noise before? Is it really that common?
This video was adorably random and also well written. <3
FINALLY
I love that resident evil save room theme that’s playing.
I’ve heard the sonic sound at different gas stations all around LA and socal it always makes me smile
I never noticed this and now I’m enjoying this
this proves how sucky and boring my parents are, I live in the US and literally have never heard this before. I've been to gas stations a few times and heard nothing. I'm just now learning about this so I got curious and clicked the vid lol
They do? Is this only in America?
Me living outside the US: huh?
Nobody: Nexpo: I'm gonna change the thumbnail like, 7 times
A question i didnt know i wanted answers for
A gas station right down the street from me has a Sonic Register and I always thought that was odd, so it was awesome to see Nexpo make a vid about this!
Could you do an episode about the cult of the  WMSCOG?
As a Sonic fan I always wondered why it had the ring sound effect...it could be that the sound is based off the cash register and that's why its the ring sound effect. I'm just theorizing is all.
I legitimately never noticed this.
You know monsters are terrible for your body 😉
Thank you for the Resident Evil Remake track in the back round. So relaxing
Why change thumbnail?
YESSSSS THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bruh i’m in ny and i’ve never witnessed this????? Wtf????
Please dont do another one complete rubbish
A gas station where I live uses the Mario coin sound
Finally, someone asking the hard hitting questions
is it sad that I pretty much knew the answer. lol
Love the Resident Evil safe room music in the background!
Did anyone else notice he was adding “S” behind random words at the end of a sentence? If this has been going on for a while I must be deaf😅
You should make a video on the Backrooms and where the location could possibly be! There’s currently an investigation trying to find where the photo was taken.
Now that we're on the topic of video game sound effects, why does the iconic Splinter Cell goggle sound effect appear in so many movies and TV shows?
Aw just 7 mins? T_T i'll take it as it's Nexpo!!
Holy shit, I noticed this too!! I never thought anything of it. figured it was just a stock sound effect or something.
I just realized this around a week ago, thank you for looking into it as much as you did lmao
this was really fun! id definitely watch more
I have never heard this before??? Are y'all okay?
I knew I wasn't crazy when I heard the ring sound.
Did he change the thumbnail?
Found your channel recently but I’ve been binge watching and will continue to do so, keep it up my guy✌🏻💜
Honestly this video, despite the content, still came off as terrifying because I was expecting something scary to happen. Lmao
ryan the video was very well done and interesting, but at the same time, i subscribed for "nightmare" expo. create what you want and i will always watch, but i'm just giving you my opinion. i love your horror/disturbing/dark mystery videos much more. all love
Where I live the sonic collecting coin sounder only comes off when it's for loto tickets... Otherwise it's just a normal beep. But now knowing why makes it super cool.
I've never heard a cash register make that sound in my life. Am I alone? Edit: And I live in the Southwest United States.
Love this sort of random off the wall type of video!
I've never heard of this at all before
as a texan, i've heard that sound at every register in every convenience store i've ever been to lol
First of all lets get something straight:  it's not pronounce Sah-nick it's Sah-NEEEEK.  SONIQUE!
Can I "ring" that up for you ,Sir?
I've noticed this alot especially in gas stations in the middle of nowhere
Loved this mini video treat! What a divine surprise!
I have never been so interested in gas station point of sale systems in my life.
It's a subliminal thing, as if to say by patronizing our stores, you've somehow powered up. It probably has a stronger impact than we imagine.
I never noticed this but now I’ll never _not_ notice it
In the uk ive never heard this noise from a cash register but my washing machine uses it when you press start
I’ve never heard this from a cash register before...
I’m definitely a fan of this format
I’ve also noticed that some cash registers use the Mario coin sound effect, why tho?
I have been asking myself this question for most of my life.  Finally, someone tries to get to the bottom of it!
Yes! I've always wondered about this!
Also. At my local target the employees have these walkie talkies and for some reason when they call eachother its the fortnite battle bus *beep beeep*. And again as far as i can tell for absolutely no reason
Level 56 : Chills   Level 89 : Nextpo
Heres a better gas station mystery Try and figure out who left that turd behind the dumpster round back
Good stuff friend, I'd totally watch this entire series.... but to be fair, I've said that about all your series so far, hahah.
I’m glad I’m not the only one who noticed this
Ep1 of why is this is this in my recommended?
Because Gfuel i didnt watch the vid yet and that seems funny
i swear to god the backround music is from resident evil
I've always wondered this myself, thank you for investigating this.
These are a thing? I admitily don't go to convinece stores often but I still go to them a few times a year (most notably on road trips) and I've never encountered these sound effects, yes I live in the US.
DAMN, I knew it! There is a gas station down the road that I have only gone to once, but the sounds of the register was of Sanic collecting rings and it was so confusing.  Edit: I live in Western Oregon so it's deffo out here. Grew up in Ohio and never heard it there.
i think you should do more of these shorter one-offs in between larger videos. it'd help keep the content rolling for viewers whilst we wait for the next 30 minute upload.
So as a Canadian, i was not aware that convenience stores in the US had that sound.. So i was pretty confused at first and this was my thought process at the begining:  Americans: Canada is a fake country lol  Also americans: *have cash registers with the Sonic The Hedgehog ringing sound, as if this doesn't sound like it could be fake*
This is bizarre, I’ve never heard a gas station register make that noise
Northern Illinois has stores with the Mario coin sound effect.
Couldn't stop thinking about the water level on donkey Kong 🤣
I work at a wendys and we have something similar, whenever the fry station has an issue it plays the death/game over sound from Pacman. Idk if this is tied together somehow or just a coincidence!
The music at 0:59 is a remix of Aquatic Ambiance
Thank you for doing this. I did a lot of internet googling when I first heard the noise in a gas station and I spent a good hour searching until my conscious caught up with me and I felt like I should have a tattoo of the word "Nerd" on my forehead and stopped.  I'm glad you went farther than I did and actually found the company name and reason. Thank you for doing the nerdyness for me. Haha.
I've lived in America my whole life and this is news to me. 😂
um I kinda wanna see more of the spoopy content ya know like maybe a return of desturbing things from aroud the internet
I hear the sonic sound effects here in Canada too, but mostly at privately owned corner stores rather than big name ones.
I've heard the classic ICQ "uh oh!" sound come out of some convenience store cash registers, always brings me back to 1998.
Random is awesome!  Thanks for the trip down a sfx mystery!
I have literally NEVER heard this. Kinda wish I had tho...
I have heard those since 2008. lol. maybe the designer was a Sonic fan.
HAHAHA! Oh, I'm so glad I'm not the only one who noticed this.  It's been a thing for years, now.
Another video so soon!!
Where I live (midwest USA) the cash registers also use the ICQ notification sound "Uh-Oh!", not sure if they're in the same registers that make the sonic sounds but... PART 2 WHEN? THE ICQ SOUND HAS BEEN ON MY MIND FOREVER!
Also yeah I'd love to see more of these!
I've always wanted to dive into this, so I'm real glad you did!
The resturant I work at uses mario sound effects on its online order systems.
When Nexpo drops a new video my son and i drop whatever we're doing and check it out.   Unless its like an hour long video. Then its a quick trip to the store for Coke and Jolly Time popcorn.  Then we make a night of it.  We love you too.
I have never heard a sonic sound from a cash register lol.
i like it
Short but sweet. Simple and excellent!
The content left more to be desired, but the format of a semi-short video is rather nice. 10 minutes or less seems like a good length to me.
I miss those vids with like 5 or 6 cases at once, the disturbing things series.
sammy........sammyclassicsonicfan.........
I regret taking this seriously lmao
I always wonder that
I think the question should be - why not?
Having developed POS programs, it's because we're gamers and we like the sound.  And yes we call them piece of shit systems.
U are so cute lol
mans genuinely put scary music on this as if it's like some creepy conspiracy
EVER SINCE THE ONE TIME I HEARD THIS YEARS AGO IT'S PLAGUED ME BY COMING BACK INTO MY MEMORY PERIODICALLY THANK YOU
As an old person, I've always thought that Sonic and video games used real life sounds, not the other way around.  Thanks a lot for making me play sonic in my head every time I buy something from a store from now on.
Name of song at the end? Very relaxing 😌
im from denmark, and have newer heard of this, so i was pretty sure this was some kind of joke when i read the title... but i guess it makes a lot of sence, after having seen the video.
ive never heard this before.  Maybe its not in my country.  Anyway cool video Nexpo :)
I notice shit like this, damn i wish i could think of an example. Ill be back
I am the Queen of Gas Station.
Dude I remember hearing the sonic ring noise as a kid at a gas station, I was a nerdy little kid so I told the clerk that the sound it kept making was from sonic and they just looked confused. I haven’t heard it since and only remembered it because of this video.
Newport, you are a God when it comes to producing content. I have only been watching you stuff for a couple of months now, and can not wait for your next addition.  Keep it up brother...
SegaSammy the Classic Sonic Fan
ive heard it at the shell by my house...and I was wondering if they liked sonic...maybe thats why?? didnt realize its so many different places
Bro facts tho I’ve had this question for a really long time!
*Me, a scottish viewer who’s never heard a sonic sound effect in a store ever, reading the title and largely confused:* 👁👄👁
lmao I literally work at a gas station and this is the exact sound they use.
You know whats crazy is someone yesterday said that too me and I was like woah I never thought of that and then later that day I seen this video
What about target and the fortnite buss honk you hear it randomly though out the store
I work at Gilbarco, and I showed this to my supervisor
"We serve food here, sir."
Wait what? We didnt even get an answer lol
Well. This is proof that I'll probably watch any video you put out and the whole time be like.... Interesting 🤔
Uhh.... meow?
oh god nexpo why now I’m going to hear it every single god damn time.
Ok. Tbh i was a bit terrified at the title because of how random and nonsenical it was. Turns out it's all there is.
I didn't even know it was the sonic noise until now
i literally never thought about this but now i must know why
Beautiful outro music
Hell, this is insane. I was in HEB in southern Texas, buying a dog food and some coffee creamer.   As I'm walking off from the dog food isle, that classic sound went off as clear as a bell. I stopped in my tracks and turned around to see an employee with a Scanner, doing stocking. It was making this sound.
Am I the only one who never heard of this?
i thought the jingle was used as a way to make the customer subconsciously feel good about there payment and want to come to buy more. It’s the subtle marketing hints that are used in a lot of things.
I have watched quite a few Nexpo videos, but this is the first one to truely scare me.
I had never actually heard this sound at a gas station until last year and it was really funny timing because I had just downloaded a Sonic game on my phone. Going into a gas station and hearing that sound effect really confused me because I thought maybe it was a sound the game automatically made when you have a notification from it, but looking at my phone showed no notification. Took me awhile to realize the truth.
After hearing a few of them, one person eventually told me that he believes the makers of the cash registers purchased a sound set that happened to be from the same company that made the sound set used in Sonic. Which is also a signifier that they're incredibly old cash registers but they still work.
I like these shorter, one off videos. I never realized it was the same sound until you mentioned it
I always thought whoever made the cash register software just pulled the sound from the internet and thought it was just a generic chime sound
Actually don’t make anymore videos like this please. What a waste imo.
I can imagine Sonic being at the register waiting to cash somebody out at the convenience store. How cool would that be?
One time I was ringing up my burrito at a shell gas station in the middle of the night and I heard the ring sound and I looked at my phone in confusion (my notif sound is the sonic ring sound)
That Dinky King music.
i’ve heard of it but i have never heard it in person at a gas station and i live in America? but then again i’m a minor and i can’t drive yet so i haven’t exactly visited a lot of gas stations.
Is the background music Donkey Kong Country - the underwater levels?
The more u know🤔🤔🧐
I wish my gas station had sonic noises 🙁
Where does this happen? I've lived in New York City, Philadelphia, and Miami, and never heard this. Just curious. Being a huge Sonic fan, this would have drove me crazy as well.
I miss US gas stations so much!! 5 months (and counting) of being unable to cross the border due to the pandemic.. it's driving me nuts...
2020: Why do cash registers use Sonic sound effects? 2120: Why does Sonic use cash register sounds?
I’ve never heard it. Where is this happening?
Why are all of these cash registers using the Sonic the Hedgehog™️ sound effect?   The answer might be linked....         to a modern-day cult...
We love you too, Nexpo. :)
i dont think ive heard this at all in a gas station,or i never noticed somehow even after being a sonic fan when i was little
I'd love to see more of these light-hearted mysteries.
Nexpos on that monster grind
The question I’ve never been willing to ask but always wondered the answer to
I noticed it in a gas station encounters video and thought that was a sound effect they added in, but then I started hearing it in actual gas stations.
Boring
So ... we don't really know for certain if SegaSammy actually participated in the development of the point-of-sale system.   I agree that is probably very unlikely they would license just the sound effect for the Gilbarco POS system.    I will suggest a 3rd possibility: A programmer needed to use a placeholder sound for development and testing and it worked so well it was left in place.
This was fun! Keep it up!
Nexpo and Donkey Kong Soundtrack - Why?
I never even noticed that the sound from the cash registers are the same as sonic till this video
Recently I've noticed a trend on tik tok with people using a monkey profile picture but there's one thing: they're all any monkeys. Remembering the video where you mentioned people hating baby monkeys and it was a p**do*hile outlet. So I wonder if these baby monkey profile picture are how these pdf.files identify each other. But I was wondering if you maybe be able to look into this during disturbing things 11 or maybe it has potential for a separate video
Finally the greatest mystery unearthed
I haven't watched the video yet but I've been wondering about this for a while.
yes i laike it, mini documentaries are epic
Honestly I never noticed. I’m going to be paying attention now!
Whaaaat??? Silent about WHY?Nothing about capitalism gamifying groceries and goods to mind fucking you into buying unnecessary, empty calories clot inducing junk food? Ok
This is a USA only thing right? I’ve never heard this
I've never heard the sonic sound effect while checking out anywhere? guess I've been missing out
FINALLY, someone's talking about this!!
Me, who lives in France and had no idea that this was even a thing: yeah, why that sound?
I’ve noticed this too. I was at some indian gas station and when the cash register opened, it made a ring sound effect and I was like “WOAH WAYMENT-“
Never heard that anywhere
Quite a different type of video
I work at Dominos and this sound is used as our alert for an internet order. Strange.
Dude is really grasping at straws at this point. Is there no more scary stories to cover? Maybe this would be interesting if all of the cash reg sounded like this but they dont
I've literally never experienced this ??? Am I living in a wormhole?
Didn’t really get an answer. Getting lazy bro.
More Videos please! thank u
I’m not sure if I have never noticed this or if ones on the east coast USA do not use this sound as often. Anyone around me know? Also I’m into the shorter lighthearted videos too - very interesting
No idea what you're on about?
I kinda miss the creepy/horror aspect of the videos a lot, like the og vids years back... may we get more Nexpo? I'm not saying I don't like more recent content, just miss the ol' days 😔
I heard that Donkey Kong background music & I loved it 🖤
Ive never heard this before
i like these ones because they dont give me anxiety attacks thanks Ryan we love u
You didnt actually play any of the sounds... and I havent played Sonic in like 25 years. No idea what you are talking about here.
I started watching Nexpo videos when I was deeply depressed because it's easier to cope with depression when you translate sadness into creeping fear. Now every time I hear the Nexpo theme I just feel intensely relaxed. I think I have broken my brain. Thank you Nexpo.
Why do cash registers play the sonic sound effect? *Spooky music plays*
Gas stations making sonic sound effects = the real nightmare
Guys, Sonic sell gas, gas go in cars, cars go fast, Sonic go fast!!!! I figured it out!!!
I had to click on this, lmao
The Metal Gear Solid alert sound is used in hundreds of game shows now across Asia.  I hear it everywhere from game shows to light news stories.
There’s only one gas station I’ve been to that makes that noise but it’s still weird lol
dude I noticed this at a gas station in my neighborhood too.
0:59 for anyone wandering the song is Aquatic Ambience from Donkey Kong Country for the SNES, no need to thank me.
nexpo: this mysterious and terrifying radio station is trying to manipulate you also nexpo: haha cash register go brr brr
The blue blur strikes again
I literally subscribed to this channel as soon as I read the title.
I was waiting for the horror twist! I really enjoyed this though. I think you should make more in between short eps like this! Horror related or not. I just love your quality content and editing choices 👌
i've noticed this a lot too and it weirds me out every time, as a die-hard sonic fan, i gotta say: thank god you made a video about this
I noticed it too
Thank you for reporting on this! I always have been so confused about it
I liked the vid bro thanks :)
I really enjoyed this one. Sometimes it's nice to see lighthearted, yet still intriguing mystery. I've never given those sound effects any thought and have never made the connection to Sonic. Interesting video! Thanks, Nex!
my dad used to work at a texaco when money was tight. I always questioned why the register made the ring sound effect. today, I will find out.
I’ve lived in America for 15 years and have never heard that sound in a store
This must be a US thing, in the UK we don't have these
I"M NOT THE ONLY ONE
I have never heard this sound come out of a cash register in my life, it must only be a US thing
YOU TOLD ME TO REMEMBER THE NUMBER 21 IM WAITING WHAT THAT MEANS, WHAT DOES 21 MEAN
Cash registers go beep  Nexpo: *y tho*  all jokes aside, despite it being a short vid, it's an interesting one nonetheless. glad to see a provoked mind takes action to figure out why things are instead of dismissing it. curiosity can kill the cat but other times, can lead to some other messed up stuff
*what would happen if sonic went to a gas station and heard the sound effect?*
I live in the UK. I literally had no idea y'all had sonic sounds at gas stations til now, I was thinking this was some sonic movie marketing ploy
My man Nexpo asking what brand the register is as though he's gonna crack it open and mug them in a few hours lmao
Everytime I ask them it sounds like sonic. Every single one have no idea what Sonic is.
It’s about fucking time someone made something on this topic. I finally get to know WHY THE HELL GAS STATIONS DO THIS STUPID SHIT THAT DEFINITELY DOES NOT REALLY MATTER!
lol Donkey Kong Country underwater music. Good shit.
I have never seen a store making that sound D: I do live in Germany though
i like this kind of stuff please keep it coming!!!
When that intro starts playing... nothing but joy😌
Short answer: why not ?
I can't believe I refused to watch this last night because I thought it would end up being scary
U didn't even answer the question. I'll be sure to avoid your videos in the future
What about my washing machine. It uses sonic sounds
💗💗💗 thank you for making this!! I was starting to the I was the only one curious about this.
i have literally never heard the sonic sound effect when going to a gas station. i live in the midwest, is that why?
Thank you for playing aquatic ambience
This comment section is kind of crazy tho
This is the new Burger King Foot Lettuce.
Nice vid keep up the good work
Lol strange, we don’t have this in Canada so I had no idea this was a thing...
This was super fun! While I do appreciate the longer form content I don't mind these little videos at all, especially if they're too short for a full video but are still interesting, I'd love to see them
*Me:* Reads the title *Also me:* .....wait what, when, how, who???   Also, they talking about this like it’s an every day occurance but, I have never heard of it???? Probs because I don’t live in USA
any mysterious things from around the internet soon?
I have always wondered about this
For a minute I was like "what?? no they don't" and then I realized that I live in New Jersey and I've never been inside the gas station sfhkjsfdhkj
Nice intro bro
Sound effects are not copyrightable btw
I half expected to see Max high af eating chips in the snack isle. I feel like you missed an opportunity.
The gas station closest to me, Indian Creek, has the Sonic ring noise and I've noticed it for years.
I never thought about this. Thanks.
I like these little snack sized episodes. It's a good way to explain basic little mysteries that don't call for crazy deep dives.~
The amount of comments about confused cashier's is unbelievable. You guys are really that dumb? You don't think nexpo said something along the lines of " hey iv heard these sonic noises coming from a cash register. What brand is it I'm curious why they would use that noise?
Do videos like this and stop doing ARG bullshit.
WTF??? None of the cash registeres in my area make this sound :[
"It's a question that crosses our mind every time we hear at a convenience store"  I'm gonna be honest—despite growing up with Sonic and Sega, this has never crossed my mind once. This was very interesting.
mans likes his donkey kong music
When u get a nexpo notification and go I love this dude hit play 😂
song name at 3:05 ?
Out of all the videos you've made i feel like this is the one that might actually get you killed
He said goodnight now unlike the other vid since people talked about it on that said vid hahaha
Scence I was a kid I still hear and is still in my mind but as a kid I thought sonic was there
I’ve never heard the sound effect before, but I guess that’s because I’m in bumfuck Florida lol
Ive never heard this in a gas station. Ive never heard of Segasammy. Did i stumble into an parallel universe?
I hear the resident evil inventory screen noise all the time at Sunoco gas stations
Damn that donkey Kong country music suddenly hit me.
What if the Sonic sound is a rip off from the cashier machines?
What the actual hell how have I never heard of this phenomenon before
I had to watch the credits twice... total nostalgia trip :) :) :)
This gives me a stranger things vibe
"We hear it, we take notice, then we go on with our day like it's nothing." I don't think I have ever heard a cash register make that sound before. Lol I don't know if I just haven't noticed it or if cash registers around here don't make that sound.
Right then, why didnt I get notifs
Nexpo out here asking the real questions.
God i can't believe you are over a million subs now i remember subbing around the 80,000 mark its crazy how far you gave come you are my favorite creator keep it up man
Will you get gas so your car can move. cars that goes faster than humans so I guess it makes sense
Thank you. So many times clerks had no idea about what I was talking about. Now I know the truth.
I love stuff like this
When a card declines the POS should play the song when sonic drowns lol
Random Final Fantasy VIII clip in the credits. I'm here for it!
Having worked at three gas stations i NEVER realized it was the sonic sound, i feel so dumbbb
i   i asked myself that like a week ago  wh
omg thank you so much for making this video , i always wondered why?? but it make so much sense now , no more conspiracy tho :(
This scared me at first because I've been thinking about this all week. I'm not even sure why, but I'm glad to see other people have ALSO been unreasonably fascinated by this.
I know Europeans are confused, but I live in America and have never heard it.
These more educational videos are great, even if the narration style makes me think it's gonna turn into a horror story at any moment lol
That POS is so ancient nobody pays attention to the barcode scam on any items if you wanna reduce purchases up to 30% for EVERY VISIT and PURCHASE. That PoS company has never updated or patched the barcode loophole. All of these 7-11 and markets are too oblivious to realize how many people get away with 30% discounts even for a soda.
Are you nuts?! You gotta question that? Of course we love em! Who doesn't love having something they probably don't even notice bright to their attention that it's the same sound as their Genesis icon of the 90's! I never really even thought about it because it's right in your face - ya know, like the Illuminati n shit! I didn't realize you had a "3 minutes or less" thing. That's pretty cool! Are they still up somewhere? I can't even begin to imagine what 3 minutes can show. After all, in the Beetles' "When I'm 64" in the Yellow Submarine's, they make it abundantly clear that "a minute is a long time!". A cool side subject for today! Always a cool channel!
I've never heard the sonic sound in any cash register until this video. This is so wierd.
bruh if america has the sonic sound does that mean the uk should have a mario sound?
Nexpo’s spooky voice saying “Sonic the Hedgehog grabbing those rings” really threw me for a loop
...I have never heard these sound effects in any cash register before. 🤔
christ the outro was long than the video 😂😂
Im gonna be honest, I’ve never heard of this. The gas stations where I live don’t make the sonic noise lmao. This is kinda interesting nonetheless.
I like to think I’m a brave man, but I definitely had to stay in the comments for this video
2/7 of the vid as credits or intro. Getting into MatPat territory.
I liked this, it's so much different than your other uploads. I love those too but these more light hearted videos could be a nice fresh addition to your content. 🙂
im starting to think that Ryan is having an obsession with gas stations
Can anyone please tell me the name of the song and/or artist who makes the intro song Nexpo uses for each video? I really need to find out but since I don't know anything about it it's difficult to do a search. Any information is.appreciated. Thanks!
I hear this all the time and it has always bothered me. My husband confronted some poor gas station attendant, demanding why they're using sonic sounds, but it only got us a "wtf get out are you crazy" look from the kid.
Lol... never thought about it before.
A true masterpiece by Nexpo
I was today years old when I found out convenience store cash registers do that sound
This is why we love you nexpo
Nexpo: What's with all these Sonic sound effects???  0:59 immediately intro's video essay with Donkey Kong water theme... O_O
dude.
You know your life has hit peak when you are awake at night over why you keep hearing sonic sounds everywhere you go.
I don't think Ive ever heard this lol.
I've never noticed it...maybe ive been paying with plastic for too long
I wish the cash registers in my country had Sonic sound effects...
Ha- Here in Scotland it's different. We have Elvis and Santa in the pound stores reading our orders. I think there's a fun line of default sounds you can choose from in the machines.
USA if just one of the weirdest countries out there.
Hey guy why do you add a “s” to words that don’t have them? It’s a huge pet peeve of mine lol
i love this type of video as well on side of your normal creepy posts, gives me sum to watch before i sleep without getting night terrors. word
This channel used to be creepy and talk about things that were a genuine mystery, now you seem to focus on things that are obviously fake or not creepy at all
I hope that this video causes someone to get into the cash register industry.
How did you know I'd been curious about this for YEARS?
What a waste of time
After awhile I assumed that the sound effect was simply from a stock library that both Sega and the manufacturer had licensed coincidentally. Like how 25 years later you can still occasionally hear sound effects from the original Doom used elsewhere, not because they licensed it from id, but because Doom itself mostly used stock effects from existing sound libraries.
Another thing I will never understand about America
This is a question I've had for years, thank you for answering Nexpo <3
What's with the Donkey Kong music in a video abut Sonic sounds? lol
its so everyone involved with the transaction knows the items scanned. it also shows a transaction is actually in process and makes stealing money harder. the cashier knows it has to beep otherwise they could just pocket the money say for sales with direct amount of cash involved.  i know this is the reason they do inventory as well but its just another "protection"
This is one of your most chilling videos yet... I had goosebumps halfway through!
I wish cash registers made different sounds. I work on one and all they do is beep
I have literally never noticed this consciously
I like! 😉
Me who never noticed : OK
I have never once heard any Sonic sounds from any shop or petrol station. Maybe they’re not a thing in England?
the best part is how much this took me by surprise since ive literally never heard a gas station cash register make the sonic ring noise
"you read the title so you know what's this about" *reads the title* No, I do not know what this is about
Nexpo is here asking the real questions
Because they can
This is one of those things I’ve ALWAYS wondered, even as a kid, to the point where I’ve wondered it for so long I haven’t thought about it in a long time, you know?
I’ve been to almost all 50 states and 4 countries outside the US and I’ve never once heard a cash register use these sounds.
I love this so much 😂
THE RESIDENT EVIL SAFE ROOM MUSIC YESSIR
I have wondered this for years. And honestly, I think it may have just been that the developer - Western or otherwise - had access to the sound, just popped it into the program, and it's just been there with no licensing or permission.   I know a lot of these companies are litigious af, but somebody from Sega, Sammy, or SegaSammy would have to be aware of it and then care enough to take a POS and/or gas pump company to court over the usage of the sound.  But that's just a theory.... A LAME theory.   Surf Wisely.
Seriously been waiting for a new disturbing things can’t wait to put it up on the big screen !!  Also love the donkey Kong music
I am in Canada and can confirm that I’ve heard this sound in gas stations before. So it might just be a North American thing, but not strictly a US thing.
Running out of ideas or what?
I thought this was just something only my gas station did..
What is the song that starts at 2:35?
That RE save room music was beautiful, thanks
ive never heard it at a gas station
There's a gas station not to far from my house and every time they ring up an item it sounds like sonic got a ring lol
Thanks for digging into this.  I've been curious about it, but obviously not as curious as you.  I have meade the comment many times to people in convenience stores that Sonic must be collecting rings.  Also, I like the digestible length of this film.  It could be a few minutes longer, but short episodes are cool.  I don't always have time to watch a 45m - 1h video.  Thanks
Haha cash register go brrr
I've never heard of ANY cash register ANYWHERE making a "sonic ring collect" sound effect... where is this a thing? I'm in Michigan
Or it's just a similar, unrelated sound
@nexpo I’m not 100% positive but I believe the popular accounting software Quickbooks uses the mario bro’s sound effect when posting a Journal Entry. It’s the same sound when Mario kills a turtle. Caught me off guard and would fit into this style of video, maybe something you would try and get to the bottom of as well.
OK I SEE YOU, MY GUY GOT THE NEW FIRE INTRO
To be honset,never ever heard a gas station in my country do that
Sonic is illuminati confirmed
love the donkey kong backround music its litty
Wat. I live in the US and I've never seen these before in my life. I live in MN for reference.
Never heard this at a US gas station/register, but my text tone is the Sonic Rings sounds effect so I probably would have thought it was my phone lol
DO MORE!
I’ve always wondered this exact question.
what's the intro song
Dude, google "Kidney Stones Energy Drinks" and then look at the images. I've not drank one since hahah
I don't know why it infuriates me when I hear a video game sound in a contexts outside of its "intended" ones. Like this one or the Mario coin sound (I hear both the NES and World ones being used the most)
dont know what to say
Speaking of Monster, have you ever tried the Dragon Tea? Theres a green one and a pink one that I've tried.
This messed me up about a year ago.  Sonic ring was my text alert,  walk into a gas station and kept checking my phone.  Almost got a new phone over this.
Wait, huh? This isn't just my local convenience store that has one of these?
Hehehe Sammy hehehe Sonic hehehe
Is the sonic sound on cash registers a american thing cause ive never herd it whilst out buying anything really
Nexpo: Ever wondered why hotdogs come in packages of 8 and hotdog buns come in packages of ten? Let's unearth this chilling conspiracy....
This has ALWAYS bugged me, thank you as always for your video!
To anyone wondering what the answer is: I looked into this a couple years ago after hearing the sound at a gas station in Canada, and the answer is simple. Sega bought licenses to a bunch of generic sound effects for use in Sonic, so they couldn't trademark the sound. This company must have done the same, and it's strange yet plausible that none of the employees in charge of picking the sound effects for the POS system know anything about Sonic... Or perhaps everyone knows except the guy who approved it, lol
He used the donkey Kong country aquatic ambiance :D
I like this little random twist compared to your web rabbit holes! I hear this sonic tune in New Zealand aswell
woah, man, this rocked. keep up the funky fresh work man
Hey I've always been curious about this! The Chevrons in my area seem to have the sound effect.
It's only ever like in hood gas stations for me
People who've never played Sonic
love the dkc music
I love how you aren’t afraid to show your fun side, stay safe Nexpo!!
FINALLY!! Nexpo answering the really important questions of our age!
I know Sammy from the Sammy part of SegaSammy holdings.
The way you edit the video and provide myriads of different audio and visual cues is very satisfying
I never put the sounds together in my head before so i didn't even realize they were even remotely the same noises
Could it be the reverse, as in the Sonic ring sound predates Sonic?
Never thought a horror YouTube channel would talk about one of my childhood questions
When nothing abnormal happens in Nexpo life for a day.
Wouldn't it be crazy if it was all just a coincidence?
Music credits for the song at 1:30?
Ngl this sent me into an existential crisis.
This is very interesting to me, I live in NJ and I've personally never heard this sound, nor the company. I believe our area is dominated by NCR brand registers / POS systems, which would explain the confusion
Lifes biggest questions finally been answered
i thought it was just me who hears sonic sfxs in gas stations
More disturbo shits from about the netz plz 2 tho k thx bye
Boi you outta content.
Honestly I never realized that sound was the same as the one in Sonic (never played Sonic much) and when I saw the title I was like  YOOOO 😮
Man this channel is going downhill fast
This might be weird thing to focus on, but doesn't it bother anyone else that "Sammy" is spelled with two m's, but Nexpo pronounces it samey? It's messing with me. I forgot to add that I loved this video and I wouldn't mind if you made more!
“It’s a question that crosses our mind every time we hear it” No. I’ve never noticed it until I watched this lmao
0:34 Brazilian currency
so many people trying to give you content nexpo relevant and ongoing mystery that we as an community can solve but you out here making irrelevant videos about sonic ffs, there is an active child rapist, Who is an clown entertainment person on you tube and has worked with famous people running around arizona kansas  , it's a real story and the guy is still at large ! fucking look at your facebook page!
Confirmation Bias... its the first time i ever relate those 2 things but probably because i am a nintendo person and not a sega person.
Finally....the answer ive been trying to find
Please do
I'm sorry *W H A T*
Ah, so that's why I think of Sonic when I'm at a gas station. Weird.
Better question:  Why is there so much footage of people running tills?
Woah, a youtuber that didn't stretch out an explanation to 10 minutes? You know what? I'm gonna smash that subscribe button like it's my girlfriend
4:22 with subtitles it says pumping guests lol
no matter how many times I listen to the sound I don't recognize the sonic counterpart
My boyfriend whose text tone is the sonic sound: 👀
Wait cash registers use sonic sound effects?
This is a thing in America?
Anyone else notice that he’s pronouncing random words with S’s at the end?
A perfect video while eating a dragonfruit.
I'm from the UK and I have never heard the ring sound effect on a till (cash register) before. It's a shame, because that's so cool!
question is what came first sonic sound/the game it self ,or gas station sound
I don't have a cash register at my gas station rip
I have never heard the cashier make that sound
I've never heard a Sonic the Hedgehog sound effect at any cash register.
i love how you use Donky kong music :)
Nexpo why using donkey kong country ost in your video ?!
I needed this, stupid Sprint Market is the only one near me that uses the sound effect. And it just... *Flashbacks of childhood*
Man this channel has fallen. Must have run out of things to talk about
I’ve never heard of this wtf
Finally!  Someone covers this!
Nexpo: let me dig as deep into this as i can because its actually pretty interesting.   Me: haha sonic coin go brrrrrrr
This is the first I'm hearing of sonic cash registers
Noice
The mario coin sound effect would have made much more sense
I solved the keylimepie mystery, it's nothing
I love Sonic, but I never even noticed the register sound was from Sonic.
The ring in the thumbnail looks like it’s gonna do something to my family
Definitely like this format.  Don't always have time to sit for a 26+-minute epic; but still like your content. This is just right.
I’m American and have never heard this
dont leave the pump unattended while you're pumping gas. i used to work in a gas station and we always halted the pumps while people were inside because it's dangerous. and funny.
I hear the ring SFX at gas stations all the time!
Do long.furby.fam on tiktok please
"I am Speed" -Sonic The Hedgehog, probably.
0:34 are those zlotys?
It always amused me that registers used the the term Point Of Service or POS. That acronym always brought something else to mind for me.
I need to hear this irl I’d carry sonic rings everywhere and drop them and be like oh damn and try and pic them All up ASAP
I love the fact that you used the under water ambience from DK. 🤣🤣🤣❤
OMG I feel so sorry for the employees who have to put up with that god awful Sonic chime and troll-like "Uh-Oh!" non-fucking-stop for an entire shift.
Lmao I never thought about the sound.
Me, an European: their cash registers do what now???
I heard this once at a gas station on 71 in Ohio - just assumed it was something that the cashier/manager had set up himself because he was bored. I had no idea it was a widespread thing.
I am now wiser. Thank you.
I thought the cashiers just liked the game and had it customized to make that sound.
Never put two and two together but recognized the sound somehow, wow
Wanna know why the cash registers have Sonic sounds? •Yes sure, I'd love to Okay. Because....     Why not?
gotta shop fast
Resident Evil save room theme❤
The plastic tips at the end of shoelaces are called aglets. Their true purpose is sinister.
This is not what I'd think as a Nexpo topic but I'm all for it.
This is truly the scariest topic you have covered on this channel, I’m surprised you were brave enough to post this
I hate how he says nothing
*VGEXPO*
Holy shit this literally crossed my mind like 2 days ago
I remember the first time I heard that. I asked the clerk about it, but they didn't know what I was talking about.
These short mystery videos seem like a good idea to me.
It got to me, too. I used to work for a company that emulated the Genesys/Megadrive, Saturn, and Dreamcast. All 3 of these machines could make that sound. When I say "make" it, I don't mean just play a wave file, like these cash registers probably do; I mean that they are Yamaha YM2612 FM synthesizer decendents, which use 4 operators or more per channel. Any 4 operator FM synth should be able to make the Sonic ring sound.
Answer at 2:31
Hey I don't mind videogame references in real life
I didn't notice this until you pointed it out, and before hearing the sound I remembered immediately.
I live in Germany, they don't use it here
I wish the convenience stores I went to had these sound effects.
I noticed the sound while watching one Unsolved Mysteries episode on Netflix. And just a couple of days later, your video. Synchronicity at its best!
I don’t think my state does this and now I’m sad for some reason.
That's cool never noticed before. I liked this and not every mystery has to be deep
I was always curious about why the sound effect appeared in convenience stores. My guess was that the sound effect itself had perhaps become public domain and some software company jumped on the opportunity.  I never really considered it too strange because back in the 90s I used to rip copies of Sonic sound effects and save them to my home computer to use for alerts, errors, etc.
This is the kind of vídeo i expect for Nick Robinson or SuperEyePatch Wolf but them would stretch the vídeo lenght to extreme degrees and Nick would Go to Japan for some reason
Nexpo: I love you all, Goodnight. Me watching at 8 am: Goodnight! 🙂
I think they’re using that sound for our generation to trigger us subconsciously to want to spend more money, like the effect they use in casinos with the jackpot sound but hell what do I know
I love all the video game music and sound effects.
Out of all of your content this has to be the biggest tease. I've wondered about this for at least a decade and have never been able to find any concrete explanations. That being said, more short-form, lighthearted content is always welcome.
the tower is failing, your control over humans is coming to an end!
someone needs to make a petition for sonic resturants to use the sonic sound effect
Do more of these. I loved it! Thanks for the awesome content man.
I have never until you said it, noticed this lol.
This was totally and completely pointless and I love it.
After all of these years, someone has the bravery to stand up
Me: Man, can't wait to listen to something creepy!  Nexpo: Sonic noises Me: what's creepy about that? Nexpo: CASH REGISTERS
OH THANK YOU! Thank you for acknowledging this! :D I thought I was the only one who noticed this, and I also thought this was just for the local gas stations around my area. Interesting that other people know about this too! Thanks for making this vid!
before watching the video prediction: its just a stock sound
Loved this!
When purchasing an IP - is every element specifically listed? For example would the sonic sound effects be individually listed in court documents, or can the purchaser use anything they deem to be associated with the brand?
The question i was always curious about but never found out  Thank you nexpo
Im sorry but i couldnt stop thinking about how a company called sammy bought a part of sega and we have sammy classic sonic fan
when you dont live in the us so cant relate
I've NEVER heard this. Is this an American thing?
I used to hear old ICQ "uh oh!" sound effects at gas stations.
Must be some US thing. I have never heard it in Europe (not that I've been to too many different countries).
3:56 i used to work at a gas station with that OS & seeing it again was the scariest thing i've witnessed on this channel
1.06 Video game music that featured on the far more superior console of the era ;)
The question is why not?
FINALLY. ASKED THIS QUESTION ON FRIDAY.
That's pretty interesting. I've never noticed this personally, but I don't know if it's because I don't pay attention, because I rarely buy anything at gas stations, or because I didn't really grow up playing Sonic. I personally would have thought that it was some kind of sale tactic started in the 90's to get more kids to come in and buy things.
BGM:  Donkey Kong Country - Aquatic Ambience Resident Evil Remake - Save heaven
If you buy a hundred items you get an extra life!
Thank you! Finnally someone noticed
What the fuck I did not know this
lol nexpo went to talking about a dead body found by teens to a sound made by cash registers
What kind of elaborate meme is this...?
Wait? This is true? Maybe its just where I live (Detroit area) and random luck where Ive stopped, but Ive never heard this and actually thought this was a joke  I clearly need to take a vacation once the worlds back to normal and just Drive west to hopefully catch one of these machines in action As well as everything else awesome about a cross country trip  I like the video, it is something I was not aware of *at* all either because it isnt in my region or Ive just had insanely bad luck to miss it I love that sound effect, reminds me of opening a genesis on xmas and playing sonic for hours if I hear 1 sound effect, esp the ring ones
Running out of ideas I see
Everybody keeps scrolling by like your nothin...but your somethin to me 😊
In my experience "third party development" usually means they outsourced the software to some asian company, so more likely than not, the devs lazily threw in the sonic sound effect as a placeholder and never removed it
i need what nexpo is smoking
oh my god the donkey kong country music
whoelse clicked on "Register Your Company" ?
Why does this guy say every fucking word with an "Sss" sound at the end of it??? ...next video should be investigating that.
ive allways wonderd this
i likem.
Anyone knows the song with the acoustic that plays during the video?
how come you put creepy music over videos about a sonic coin sound on cash registers. i came here for something interesting and now i'm paranoid
I'm not too familiar with the Sonic noises, (I have played the classic/original Sonics, but years ago) so I never noticed. But yeah they make that noise all the time
Wow blank banshee
A gas station near me uses the sound effect when someone opens the doors. Is it the same company that made the registers?
DUDE! In canada Dominions debit machines make the classic resident evil menu selection noise
Am I the only one who hates when he adds “s” at the end of random words???
Maybe you should consider changing terms of your patreon to display names somewhere else (such as in a pastebin linked in video description), because eventually the credits will be longer than the video itself.
i liked this little one off! educational and interesting
Is it just me, or does this guy add an ‘s’ sound to the end of words that don’t need it?
One of ur worst videos. Not interesting
A lot of people ask me why our machines had that sfx. I just tell them "Its the sound of you losing money".
I know a few gas stations and convenient stores in my area that use the sonic ring sound effect. I never questioned it until I saw this video.
Nexpo 2017 - 2019: "A cult uses a dead online MMO video game to recruit people into joining them..."  Nexpo 2020 -: "Why do money holder go bling????"
You're the best, no matter what you talk about! 😄😘
I've never heard it here in Australia. Closest thing was I heard that ring sound effect once, then looked around and saw an animated Sonic billboard/poster advertising the movie. By the way with this video, I think it would have been better to demonstrate the sound more than once. I started watching at about 44 seconds in because I was watching with other people. I had to go back after the video because although the whole thing is focused on it, it's not demonstrated again after the start. By the way it's weird how you guys have a fast food place called Sonic. I thought it was affiliated at first because even the logo looks similar. I'm still not convinced it isn't affiliated.  I've never heard it here in Australia. Closest thing was I heard that ring sound effect then looked around to notice an animated billboard advertising the movie. I think the sound is at the start of the trailer.  By the way with this video, it would have been better to demonstrate the sound a bit more. I started watching at 44 seconds in because I was watching with other people and the whole time I'm wondering what the video is actually talking about. Going back to watch it from the start, I see the demonstration but it's only once. The commentator says several times "we've all picked up on this" but no, I've never heard of this either in person or on the internet.  I think if I saw that as a kid or even as an adult I wouldn't go on my day like it's nothing because it does seem rather bizarre. For instance there are these claw machine (those ones you put a coin in and use the "crane" to pick up a toy or some chocolate bars) and they play the cantina song from Star Wars.  It's all I think of when I hear that song, and it was a bit of an inside joke with my brother as a kid. I originally didn't know it was from Star Wars despite seeing the movie.
Supply houses I go to have thr baseball theme
Well very Interesting 😊
It's because cash registers are empty until the time they get opened to give out the change, at which point Sonic runs so fast as to be invisible to the naked eye and fill them up with cash (then after transaction is done he takes the cash back). The sound effect is the notice for Sonic to go and fill a register. This is basically Sonic's day job as fighting Eggman doesn't pay much and he only get royalties from games only for few months after the release.
I noticed a while back that the transition sound effect for a local news station sounded EXACTLY like Sonic losing his rings. It throws me off.
Nice. Now I expect mario coins to sound when filling up my non existing car.
i really liked it! 💕
anyone know the track at 2:35?
This got me thinking, I've played sonic nearly my entire life, I wonder just how many times I have heard the ring sound?, I bet the actual number is scary high.
I always wondered where I kept getting all these rings from. Not that I'm complaining, last time I got hit by a truck I walked away unscathed.
5:02  OOOOH, he said LEMMINO. he must personally know him and possibly even be him
Love it!
donkey kong's background music always bring me into a world of nostalgia.
I thought the one in my town was the only one that did that. damn didn't know it was common.
Cool video, however I've never heard it before.
I guess I don’t go to those gas stations... 🤔
Hmm, why did I never notice that? Oh I see, your Cash Registers sound different in America...
I’ve always wondered this ngl, but I never expected you to cover it
Gotta go gas
me, not an american and thus has never heard those sfx on cash registers at all: ah yes the burning question in the back of my mind, finally answered
Dude, big big big thanks!!! That shit has been bugging me ever since I first heard it, thank you for the closure.
0:59 ahhhh there's the goosebumps.
Nice that we’re getting smaller videos with less editing so he can work on larger videos in the background
With nexpo sound effects added I though some big ass gang conspiracy was getting to get disclosed. But...
Why would sammy want anything to do with those sega game fricks?
God i love your videos. Thus one was particularly interesting since the sonic sound effects not only apoear in the us
I never heard that sound effect in any store...  Im in Canada
The first time I heard this I thought I was going nuts. Had never heard it until I was on my way back from a beach trip.
Wow that's random 😂 I go to gas station/service center and their cash register makes the sound effect of Sonic getting a ring whenever they cash out.
Best intro on YouTube
Song at 1:20 is called aquatic ambience
There was a McDonald’s by the hospital in my town where the registers did that. Only that McDonald’s.
This was timed really well. I've recently been looking into sonic due to the real-time fandubs, and only installed the classic game on phone yesterday/the day before. And now here you are with not only a sonic video, but one that doesn't fit in with the kinds of things you normally cover, as if the universe conspired to bring this to me at this time.   (Note: I'm not superstitious in the slightest, hence "as if.")
Gonna be honest I've never once noticed this, but I never paid much attention
I actually kind of like these lighter mysteries. They're pretty interesting, in their own way.
I feel like I just watched a movie because the credits were almost 2/7ths of the entire thing
This is not in my Country I think. Well time to go to a gas station
I'm not from the US, this is so weird to me, so random. Our registers dont make any sounds at all
I loved it. I totally forgot that it was the sonic collecting rings sound.  Also, it could be their way of saying, "We got your money"
No offense, but videos the last month or two have been really lacking and somewhat boring imo🤷‍♂️
I’ve never once heard the sonic sound effects in a gas station convenience store in my life, feeling pretty left out right now. :(
I've never heard this... so weird
Yo I've been wondering about this for decades.
Pogchamp
When I saw this it triggered a flashback, I flipped out as a kid when I noticed it in a gas station.
Ah yes, Donkey Kong Country, my favourite game from 1975
Thank you. We love you as well. Thanks for all the hardcore facts and exploring your interest and sharing them with us
Is this a thing in America only?
Is that some DKC I hear?
These are dope definitely keep doing more of these!
You know I have always casually wondered about that. Not as dark or chilling, or as conspiracy laden as usual, but I kind of really dug this little open and shut mystery that answered a question I never really bothered to answer myself.
Or it could just be a stolen sfx like how Elaut claw machines have mario saying "Thank you" whenever you insert a coin
I thought I was crazy! I'm so glad there's a video about this.
oh my god i noticed this so often like most exxons ive been in do this, and theres an independent store down the road that does this too havent watched the video yet but i always assumed it was whatever software they used on the point of sales machines edit: ok so i guess i was right? huh
I REALLY enjoyed this! So random and so entertaining!
i haven’t heard someone say “i love you” to me in so long that when i heard nexpo say it i literally shed a tear
"youve read the title so you know what this is about" uhhhhhhhhhhhh????????? americano-centric much?? this feels like a weird joke. how is that real.
i love this!
Yeah, the title is misleading. It’s vague, at best specially when combining words with “gas stations” and “sonic”, both of which stand out as a familiarity that explosions have a sonic boom. Although...good video, actually very informative, too.
I've heard Mario sound effects on cash registers before. Wonder where they're from. Great vid nexpo.
hahahaha I've always wondered this!!
i have never heard a cash register anywhere use a sonic sound :(
Nexpo: "haha cash register goes drrrrr"
That.... Was unexpected 😅
Im honestly glad to see nexpo uploadung far more often
Nice video but why was it spooky
Almost every gas station here in Texas does that. Even Shell and RaceTrac. Odd....
I’m from Sweden. In 2016 I traveled to Ohio in America to attend a festival. Outside of the campground was a gas station who had that fucking sound effect. I remember saying out loud: “Eey Sonic!”. I guess I was expecting a reaction from the cashier or a customer.. but they all stood silently and said nothing. Kinda awkward but I, for real, thought that the owner was a big fan of Sonic or whatever...
Time to power up the old Mega Drive
ive never heard of this, it must be an american thing
As a European... What?
Nightmare Expo: Indepth exploration of unsolved murders and sub-licensed videogame SFX.
i do like these videos its kinda like a Mini Mystery. something weird thats worth being noted but not worth a huge upload. i hope you make more of em.
Adam Sessler cameo at 2:25. X-play return on the new iteration of G4 Confirmed!!!
Never even realized it WAS the Sonic sound lmao
Has anyone else been to a gas station where they use this sound effect every time the door opens?
"It's a question that crosses our mind every time we're at a convenient store why are these cash registers using the sonic the hedgehog sound effects"  I'm sorry what?
with donkey kong music in the bg lol we needed this
My mom works at 7/11 and i asked her about it once because, like you, i was bewildered that sound was playing in a gas station. And she said it plays when ever someone is doing lottery or a scratcher. Which if I am correct is a different machine? Ill ask her again today and update with any new/useful info!
Y'all up in here too busy talking about Sonic sound effects to recognise the Resident Evil song 🧟🧟‍♂️
i personally love the little less than 10 minutes videos, perfect thing to watch when you first wake up at 6 in the morning when you're getting ready for early morning classes
I HAVE A THEORY:  Back in days of mechanical cash registers, the drawers had a bell on them.  This was to prevent theft - the boss / owner of a general store could listen for the bell and know when the drawer was being opened even if he didn't have an eye on the clerk.  Thus, if the bell was rung without a customer present, the store owner could inquire why the clerk opened the drawer. Possibly they were attempting theft?  Anyway, even as things modernized, the "bell" stuck around and the idiom "let me ring you up for those items" became a thing.  To "ring someone up" means typically to scan their items, or manually type them in and total the customers items to charge them.  I suspect that whoever made the POS systems searched for a "ring" sound on the early internet or maybe was a fan of sonic games, and used the "ring" sound effect.  Somehow, they correlated sonic ring, with cash register bell ring, even though sonics "rings" are literal hoops (rings) and would be considered more of a "chime" sound.  But the developers used the sonic-ring sound in place of a bell-ring sound.  I remember hearing the gas-station sonic ring long before dreamcast (1999), so I doubt sammy is related.  Maybe there was some licensing directly from Sega, or maybe, Sega didn't make the ring sound themselves. Maybe the "ring" sound came from some other collection of assets that both the POS developers and sega drew from, so they would both have a licesnse.  Either way, I remember being a small child in the early 90's and hearing the sonic ring at a gas station and thinking someone was playing sonic and getting excited. This was definitely before 1999.
I'm watching this at 3:18AM I'm scared
Ok
the best youtube channel ever
I've never heard a gas station cash register make that sound effect lmao
Aquatic ambiance - Donkey Kong. Noice
Ok I have to ask , whats up with the S on certain words you've been using?
Ah yes. The premium spooky content. Sanic
Can somebody tell me the music that starts at 2:37 It sounds so familliar but I don’t know where it’s from. I thought it was from the game „Ib” but im not sure.
for anybody trying to find the music during the pachinko explanation  find the channel taia777
I’ve always wondered why no ever talked about this like wtf
It also seems equally likely that the sound effect existed before Sonic and that both the game & the POS are using a sound effect from stock sound system. The sound is recognizable but not exactly unique.
It's a US thing and you used a clip with polish money 0:40
oml as soon as i saw this i remembered those times when I heard the ring sounds from sonic in  convenience stores!
Heard about this mentioned on the SuperMegaCast. I was curious about why.
Finally asking the important questions
It's life's little mysteries thst keep us going...
So now I feel like a bad cashier but I actually have no idea who made the cash register I use 😔
Great video !
bro im american and literally i have never noticed it . i felt insane in the beginning when u were like "we all hear it, we all wonder why" i just hav never thought ab it :0 wild tho
I never really played video games.  But, as soon as I heard the question 'why would they use sound effects from a video game?'   I knew it must be the sound the game makes when you win something: There's the answer to your question.  A small surge of feel-good chemicals is released in the brain every time you spend money in a store that uses this system if you've played the game and enjoyed it;  especially if you played as a child.
Thought this was aztrosist because of the ridiculous topic. Turns out poppa Nexpo made another video.
Pachinko Machines: my worst enemies.    *[shivers in Castlevania]*
Nexpo - memdmp lactoworm hatsune miku please help
could gone in much further with this on the mnemonic quality of the ring sfx and how that has memed itself into the subconcious more so than the tinkle sound of coins of acquirement and transactions
More of these please!
I habe never heard the sonic effect at a cash register
I expected this to be about one weird gas station not hundreds. Honestly it’s cool I prefer it over a beep
What happens if everything shuts down because the sounds literally crash and can never be heard or reached ever again bcoz ppl are demented, insane and impaired?
If you can seriously answer this, you're awesome
I had always wondered about this. Nexpo out here answering the real questions.
Wow I didn’t even realize that sound is at every register! Like I heard it but never thought about it
Okay, I live in Europe so I've never heard the Sonic sound effect at any cash register before... However, there is a cash register jingle which is used in soooo many stores here, especially ones with a Chinese owner. I could recall it as soon as Nexpo said what this video is about. But to be honest, that's probably just that these stores use the same OS for their cash registers, therefore playing the same sound effect. Anyway, it was still somewhat fascinating to me.
Clutching at straws?
whats actually happening is that the alternate universes collide at convenient stores, and whenever you hear that ring sound, thats the sound of currency being used in that alternate universe.
Please do more of these stories. I love how dark you made this mundane story sound.
This is what happens when randonautica sends you to the gas station
america is so weird lol
No store I ever been to has use the Sonic sound effect. Seems I'm going to the wrong places.
Nice Donkey Kong Country music.  ;)
I either hear the Sonic ring or Mario coin sound effect, depending on the store
so many places around me use that sound and it never clicked to me that it was the sonic ring sound
That was great
make another disturbing things?
0/10 no cult involving Sonic.exe
Anyone know the song playing in the background at around 3:00? It's so familiar but I can't quite put my finger on it
Do more!!!!!!
The same registers that use the Sonic ring sound also have a cute, little "Uh-oh!" when something goes wrong.
Now for the master difficulty: figure out why Co-operative stores in the UK play sound effects from Endless Online
There's something really relaxing about watching old footage of people walking the streets of Japan.
This is the most disturbing and terrifying Nexpo video I have seen so far. Damn you Nexpo for ruining my sleep once again. Damn you to hell!
The title confused me... Great production though!
I used to wonder this too. Every gas station in my area does this. And being an epic Sonic fan I always thought it was pretty cool.
I had no clue that Sammyclassicsonicfan had such a deep backstory
Never heard this at a petrol station in  the UK its usually just a beep
I literally was just talking about this with my roommates ND now YouTube recommends it.... Big brother is listening
"Sammy industry..."  My brain: FRICKING FRICK!
Night, love you too.
Dude I swear I was just thinking about this and here you are, making a fucking video about this. Mind boggling really..
who cares about Gas Stations and Sonic Sound Effects....
Nexpo: Who makes your cash registers?  Cashier: Rapidly pressing silent alarm.
This is one of the most boring videos I have ever seen. What a waste of seven minutes! Unadulterated SHIT. Unsubbed.
Cash machines where I live dont make sonic sfx
Wait, did you not consider that the ring collecting sound from Sonic the Hedgehog wasn't created by Sega? It was most likely taken from a public domain/sound effect library, as were a lot of video game sound effects from that era (same reason you hear Doom sound effects in half of all PC games made around that time because they were all taking sound effects from open-source libraries). Just a hunch, but I think it would be worth looking in to.
This is such an awesome channel holy man, you're awesome
I see.. so you are a fan of Resident Evil.
I really liked this one off! It was an enjoyable short watch.
This whole video exists for an excuse to show his ass at 5:06
So wait? It’s all just trivia??  Nexpo, buying an energy drink: always has been.
I Remember hearing this sound when I was five and I thought my hours of playing Sonic brought Sonic into the real world and sonic was stuck in the cash register’s. I would then have a huge fear of cash registers for four years
Definitly enjoyed this little nugget of mystery and look forward to more
At last, someone speaks of this
my god doctor andonut's lab was an expert pick for this video
i'm aussie and i'm very confused by this lmfao
I literally question this all the time!!!!! I am glad I’m not crazy
I never realized stores used that sound until watching this
Ok, nexpo, I think someones pulled one too many all nighters. I think SOMEONE needs a nap.
This had me on the edge of my seat for no reason and I'm not even mad about it
Finally someone mentioned this I thought maybe it was a unique experience to my local station.
you should do 411 missing  persons video  . Gotta give it to you tho , you know how to make something out of nothing . Incredible video !
what's next, why does mario say LETSI GO!!!
I heard that in a McDonalds in France, so no, this is not limited to the U.S.
what is america
Let me take you to 1975:  *plays aquatic ambience*  whut?!?  Throw in some funky disco or something
BRUH RIGHT?!
The question is - who came first Sonic or cash machine... ... 🙃
Thanks for another great video. Always look forward to you releases.
Mom: what are you watching? Me: I'M LEARNING ABOUT CASH REGISTERS
It night time for me wow just the best time to watch this
I noticed that donkey king sea level soundtrack. I see you big bro
Could you please pronounce "t" correctly
They should use Mass Effect sounds. Then I could be on edge panicking over reapers all day... oh yea forgot about that AI that's being created. YAY FORSHADOWING!!
That was random but educating
yes
I have never heard this sound outside a sonic game and my phone as a custom notification ringtone I use, and I have been to 5 countries, 7 states and 2 US territories
I love this content Nexpo
Why not?
But WHY
lameeeee
Honestly I loved this type of content, maybe making one of these every 2 weeks?
I don't know how but you manage to make something like this into something vaguely scary
I don't remember if I ever stepped inside a gas station.  I always waited inside the car for my dad or I pay at the pump
Read the title over and over again, wondering what the deep web connection between Sonic slushies and the minimart industry is. 🧐
honestly i wouldn’t be surprised if they’re just using the sound effect without license
Make them longer!!!
I have wondered this for my ENTIRE LIFE
Omfg! Someone is answering this question I've always had for the last few years but assumed it was another weird St Louis thing and never looked it up. You sir are a Golden God 💯💗🙏
you can make anything ominous
I'm so glad someone did the research, I sure as hell wasn't gonna do it,  so thank you, nexpo
I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed the sound effect everywhere
are you like serious right now lol?
I love you & I pray you post nightly!!!!! I know I know..... but it’s just a wish ❤️☠️
What an incredible, deep and mysterious conspiracy. Good job nexpo blowing the lid off this mess and exposing things for what they really are. One day justice will be delivered to all parties involved, they make me sick.
okay, I know this comment gonna get lost but I gotta find this out, what's the name of the song that plays 1 minute into the video?  I recognize it from somewhere but can't stick my finger on it!
Nexpo: *is a creepy channel* Also Nexpo: *"So Sonic is real-"*
Sonic is always near you
Im fucking freaking out!!! That DK song 0:59 is my ringtone. I was like who is calling me and realized it was the video.
Theres a sonic sound effect in dominos (Poland)
Is that Blank Banshee?
I hate that hedgehog
Yes please more
ok i still love it but you wasted your buttery smooth voice on this & it was not enough time to be appreciated for how precious it is
You want to talk about using sound effects from old games Nexpo?  Why does ur video use the Donkey Kong SNES underwater music theme?   o__O
Im Shaking and Crying Its So SCARY
I liked it:).  Thanks
Never heard this once. Then again I live in England
My local gas station makes that sonic noise lol
Ayyee, 2 Nexpo videos within a week 😁
I REMEMBER BEING SO LITTLE AND LIKE HEARING THIS AND THINKING WHY SONIC? BRUHHH
great video!
Yes we like them ! Anything by you is awesome ! We love you too ! Stay safe Nexpo👏♥️
Nexpo has been possessed by the spirit of Nick Robinson.  I see nothing out of the ordinary.  Next step: flying to Japan to ask directly to SegaSammy CEO if the theory is true
They should add a Roblox “Oof” sound whenever your credit card transaction fails.
Even though it’s only short, I’m still super happy to see this video <3
I don't need sleep I need answers.
oh please do post more of these in-between videos 💖
Man this guy's narration is kinda lame, reminds of that chills guy
That sound always threw me off.
Makes car go *zoom*
If you’re gonna have a vague title. I need you to get to the point fast.
I don’t think I’ve ever noticed the sound
To the people asking: Yes! This is an American thing. Certain states have these on their gas station cash registers for some reason (too bad Nexpo didn't actually solve this mystery ><).
Bro I’ve literally NEVER heard a cash register make that noise. Yes I live in U.S.
Sonic sound effects and gas stations goes well as america and apple pie
Good God, I’ve never once put two and two together and realized that *bring* was the Sonic ring sound effect... I feel like my whole life has been upended
I noticed in Australia 🇦🇺 that a lot of POS’s have the obligatory Truck (tractor trailer) Air Horn with Doppler effect , bah... bahhhhhh.... that is alway used in any Reality tv shows where you see a near miss with a big rig! I Think it’s something subliminal that the Japanese use widely. I had a friend that worked for GM and whilst in the plant I heard the Adam’s Family, and green sleeves chimes over a PA system. I asked him WTF? And he told me that tells the guys driving golf buggies with trailers of bits and pieces like nuts n bolts to go to a particular machine and re stock it before it runs out, so the line continues non stop. So this is probably a tactic devised by the Japanese mass manufacturing for efficiency!  Hope this helps! 😎👍
You're clearly out of content
I was so worried reading this title, then I realised it was an American thing.
21
Me eating chilli at 3 am:  Nexpo: THE FUCKING GAS STATION MAKES SONIC NOISES
Nexpo I dunno where you live, but here in western NY we don't have anything cool like that lmao
They also use the ICQ "uh oh!" sound effect.
yay! New video! :)
I actually just realized that the register noise was the sonic ring sound wtf. I always new it as the register sound
🤤
i like em
Easy, because Sonic left SEGA to own all the convenient stores. xp
Sure it's not just in your head and then imagined a whole conspiracy theory behind it to make sense of your schizophrenia?
And you know what's weird? The viral Sonic superfan is also named Sammy. Hmmmm....
Can you PLEASE investigate the Rising Sun Society? They're a 'cult' who claim they're not a cult. They believe in reaching a place known as 'the 6th realm'. Very few who have travelled have apparently come back but they keep their knowledge about specific details of it behind closed doors and entry level discord members can piece one or two things together. They try to give you a number of details to throw you off. Their leader, the Silent One, mysteriously went missing and handed control of the discord over to 'TheBlackSun'. According to several conversations, the Silent One either shot himself, got shot by someone in real life or got shot by theBlackSun. What's really odd is that their mods and theBlackSun, their now new leaders, can access his passwords and emails. It seems they originated from 4chan originally but their organisation, leadership and beliefs have changed as a result of the change in leadership. One of their users tried to troll the September 5 2020 subreddit with lore and was branded a member of 'the Organization'. The thing is, at the very top of their society in their discord, they have a NSFW chat, and certain chats only mods can see. Who knows what they're REALLY hiding. I would love to see footage of what happens after gradually climbing to the top of their discord server.
holy shit, 23 years on this earth and i never fucking noticed that hahahahaha
Are you still doing disturbing things from around the Internet? I miss that series so much😂
Slow week, huh buddy
Imagine being able to make a video about gas station equipment using Sonic sound effects feel creepy as fuck
Finding out the answer to this gave me the same feeling of finding out what an aglet was.
I've never been to a gas station that used this sound effect lol
I have literally always questioned this
I thought your channel was called Nightmare Nexpo, what happened?
L O L dude i have always wondered this. i thought it was only me.
I never knew this actually exists. I never stumbled upon a store that has this ring song
The moment you don't know if a video is meant to be serious or just being fake for the sake of laughs ... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  Never heard that sound outside of the game (just as a ringtone maybe), but I'm not living in the US.
You Sure it's not some crazy elaborate cult ARG or something?
Wait....cash registers in the US don't make that sound.
I’d really dig these shorter episodes. They’re some reprieve from the heavier stuff, and open up some smaller niche mysteries :) much love as always dude
Could you upload 10 hours of tornado/nuclear/natural disaster sirens?  No particular reason tbh
I live in North Eastern USA and I have NEVER heard this noise in my life. Am i like the only one??
always hear this too at every gas station i love it
The ring sound happens when money goes in
i have NO idea whats going on i've never heard this sound from a cash register in my entire life
Nah 100% I've always wondered this
The donkey kong country music good old days.
i’ve always wondered this but never googled this haha
loved this!
Love this!!!! Thanks for taking the time and effort to make it. If you make more I will definitely be watching!
As a European viewer, I have no idea what sound you're talking about. Couldn't you have included a clip of it? I'm just left confused by this whole video, because you talk as if we have all been to an american gas station. How long has it been used? Is it when you pay?
This a US thing? Never came across it here?
As an Australian this is the sppokiest video of yours I've seen
Nearly 2 min out of 7 for outro - come on...
I think the sonic sounds help work go along faster
Bro your channel and your videos are soo soo thought out and the editing and research is just amaizing
OH MY GOD I NEED TO KNOW
finally, answers.
FINALLY ANSWERS!
I feel like watching Nick Robinson videos lol
Or maybe the Sonic games used the sound from the liquor store cashiers.  Perhaps...
Not gonna lie I've never heard this on a cash register
This series could do really well in between large scale videos.
I loved this! What a breath of fresh air!
What about the ICQ message sound when a McDonald's order is registered? I don't hear them so often now, but about 5 years ago all the restaurants of the chain were filled with countless "o-oh"s, at least in my country
When I saw the title, I really didn't expect this to be a Nexpo video
0:37 No polish cash registers use Sonic sound effects
I thought I was the only one that noticed.
When I went to the US for vacation five years ago, we had to stop into a gas station on our way from North Carolina to Florida, and I did a double take when I heard the Sonic ring sound effect when my items got scanned. Like it's so weird to just hear it like that in a random public place, removed from the context of a Sonic game
I love the use of resident evil save themes
To this day I always have the Pavlovian response to hearing the ring noise so I will instantly turn around in the direction of it to realize it is the cash register and now someone faffing about playing a sonic game in a convenience store or gas station
There are ones that use Mario sound effects too, have you ever heard those? I know I have heard Mario's jump sound effect before at convenience stores as well. And this means that even in gas stations, Sega v. Nintendo lives on.  p.s. I am a long time subscriber, and just wanted to say I dig pretty much any content you put out. So if you feel inspired to make a video, go for it.
I've never heard a Sonic sound at a gas station, then again I don't go into gas station convenience stores very often
Don't get me wrong I appreciated the video but based on the title I was hoping for a deep dive into a nefarious rabbit hole with "big gas" and how they were using ultrasonic mindcontrolling frequencies to influence their customers or something lol
I didn't know I needed this video.
Gilbarco Veeder-root also make a lot of fuel dispensers. They also make the back office tank monitors (that also talk to the tills!) such as the TLS-350R. (They look right out of the 80's but are still made today!).   The trigger for the sound is the customer returning the pump to the stand after fuelling. It is to inform the operator of that fact and to subtly say, Make sure they don't drive off!
Why do you end random words with an unnecessary "s"?
Ngl i only know one gas station that i've been to that has the sonic sfx
I have to admit this is even a question I've have been wondering about myself..
what a stupid video.
I was thinking the fast food place Sonic, not the game for some reason.
Have you seen the lifegetsbetter account?? Seems weird to me
Not all of them
I'm from the US and never in my life heard that Sonic sound effect, guess i'll have to listen carefully now😲
Thank you for putting this demon to rest.
my last day as a gas station clerk was today and never noticed the sound omg
...Okay, I need answers.
Nexpo: Are cults using videogames to recruit people to sacrifice to their overlords? also nexpo: why cash register go dililiing?
Did you always put an s at the end of every word ending with t? I'm really noticing it now ALOT! I know an ASMR. artist that does it and she is Russian, are you?
IVE ALWAYS WONDERED!
No matter what your channel is about you will always eventually do a video involving sonic
This has to be one of the creepiest episodes
I have never heard the rings sound effect from a register, is this a strictly American thing?
oh no another rabit hole
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE
i don't know you tell me
Didn't you watch the sonic movie? The blue devil is real.
Here in California, I'd hear the sound in every 7-11 and AMPM I'd go to and even the gas station I used to work at upgraded to registers with the sound effect on by default. Pretty interesting to hear that not everyone has heard it in other states
Or it was a conspiracy by the Elites to brainwash 90's kids into working at/buying from Gas stations! /0\
please stop adding random ‘s’ sounds to the end of words
this sound effect has been around my gas stations for the past 2-3 years in the 505 here in new Mexico.
nexpo asking the hard hitting questions
Never heard it
I’ve heard this at my local library too. Also this video was uploaded while I was watching another nexpo video lmao
I think this is an American thing
Where are you from?  ur accent is.. interesting
i remember this in texas and some stores
i must be deaf cause i’ve lived in america for 9 years and i’ve never heard that sound at cash registers...
I asked a cashier about the sonic sounds once and she said she didn’t know what I was talking about Lmaoo
This is what happens when you need adsense but nothing scary is happening.
never heard this in canada, or anywhere. my personal opinion, this video wasn't great. what i like about nexpo is how indepth his videos usually get, and how they either solve the mystery or shed enough light on it to allow you to make your own decisions or assumptions. I didn't feel this was on brand with the other nexpo stuff, but I still look forward to the next video.
So he ran out of things to do vids about lmao
Probably the worst video you’ve ever dropped
one less think to keep me up at night
Ever since I was a kid I wondered about this    Now my 6 year old questions have been answered
Love this kind of series. 5-10 minute long video is perfect for watching while having a meal
id love to see more of these shorter vids honestly. great for smaller topics
I'm not even American and I've never had this experience but I am a mere 1 (one) minute into the video and I NEED to know.
Ive been wondering this shit for YEARS thank you dude
the music is very disturbing compared to the topic lol
this video totally reminds me of Nick Robinson's weird curiosity deep dives. i feel like you two could have some funny conversations with each other about this kind of stuff lol
I've always wanted to know this thank you nexpo :D
not click bait but I find your wording of the title to be interesting. I'm sure I will not be disappointed. I never am here. As usual I'm glad checked this out. Coincidentally being a gamer (lower case g) the Dreamcast was the only console I preordered and picked up at a special 5am opening. To this day the only console I really regret selling. Thank for the stroller down memory lane.
i havent heard this in any of our stores
I know you might not see this but I just want to show my appreciation towards your videos. Whenever I watch them i just feel comfortable and at home. i feel warm inside and i happy whenever i see your notification. I immensely appreciate the time and quality you put into these videos. no matter how disturbing the video might be i just feel comfortable. My bad days are instantly better and i am forever grateful i found your channel. Keep up the great work!
I think this is good but keeping it closer to 10 mins would be perfecccct
im in us and ive never heard this what in the fuck
Nexpo I have work in 6 hours ( it’s 2:20 am rn as I’m writing this) and now I’m struggling to fall asleep and all I hear is the sonic rings sound effect, what did you do to me
I NEVER HEARD THE SONIC SOUND COME FROM a ragister. hafl is in caps becaus ion feel like retyping
i’ve been wondering this for so long, every time i go to 7/11 i’m like hmm. thanks for solving the mystery
Is this homi saying nuttin at the beginning of the video??
Such a wasted opportunity for them to not use the score tally sound from the end of a stage instead, since that sounds like an actual register.
Sometimes this channel feels like when you leave the history channel on for too long
More than 2 nexpo videos in a week? Perhaps things are getting better
ive never heard this what gas stations yall goin to
why are you using the donkey long country 3rd level theme for music 🤣😂
i love u nexpo
Yh I like em !!!!
SammyClassicSonicFan knew all along.
Must be an American thing, never heard it anywhere in Europe
because it  can... how dense can you be
I can only imagine how confused the clercks at the gas stations had to be after somebody comes and asks the brand of the register
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍👍👍 GREAT VIDEO 👍👍👍👍👍👍
The subject matter was hella boring to me but I applaud you for doing videos on stuff that also interests YOU
Seems like DR.eggman is up to no good
I've literally never heard the sonic the hedgehog sound effect at a freaking gas station 😂 what are you going on about my dude? Lol
I never would have made that connection, wow that is fascinating!
Must be an American thing, never hear this in a petrol station in England 🤷🏼‍♀️
Man, life has been stressful af the last several days. I needed this little video to give me a smile. Thank you Nexpo ❤️
WAIT I WASNT HALUCINATING WHEN I HEARD THAT!!
The real mystery: When will Nexpo live stream RE4? He keeps taunting me with that save room theme!
I've just got back from a 4 day road/business trip with my Dad and I've noticed numerous gas stations, convenience stores and other shops used the fucking sonic ring sound effect at checkout. it's not the first time I've heard it, I've heard it before myself but I had zero clue why the same sound effect was used and I just never brought it up. Thank god I wasn't the only one questioning why the hell this occurred
I'm from Pennsylvania and I hear this mostly in the Indian run gas station registers
You are one of my favorites Nexpo!!! Notice me king! 👑
Nexpo: Why are all of these cash registers using the Sonic the Hedgehog sound effects?  Me, in Australia: ¿ɥnH
I have never heard that sound but maybe I've never paid attention
If this is something that affects your day to day I'm sorry...
am i really the only one who hasn’t notice this? 😂 i never thought about it i thought it was just a gas station thing
Bang > Monster fite me
A question I've had go unanswered for about 2 decades
I wonder if this is even a thing in Britain? I don't drive, but I do live in a flat, right on a busy main thoroughfare in the West Midlands. As a result I'm surrounded by businesses and have had on plenty of occasions gone into petrol stations. I can't recall ever having heard a sonic game sound effect when buying anything, but then again I may of simply not noticed it.
If I were to hear that the first time I'd burst out in laughter.
The gas station near me has that!
WOW!  I've been wondering about this but never searched for it.  Also, nice underwater level music from Donkey Kong.  I have good musical memory, bit random.
I’ve never heard the sonic sound at the store or gas station... I feel left out ;-;
Am I the only one who’s never heard a sonic sound effect come from a register? Am I crazy?
I just want to let you know that your videos are always amazing. Thank you for all the good content!
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
I’ve never noticed this and now I’m in an existential crisis trying to figure out how many times I’ve heard this..
99cent stores use the ring sounds too lol also one that makes a 'uhoh' sound as well
Video: why do gas stations use Sonic sound effects? 0:59 : *Plays Donkey Kong music
Now lets look at the ring sound effect, see if it was ever used before, see how it was constructed. It might just be a preset on a keyboard, for all I know.
I haven't been in a gas station for so long that i forgot about those ring collecting noises.
The second i saw the title i immediately knew what you were talking about
Now I'm not saying that this is the reason why, but what if it's on purpose? I mean that sound is really ingrained in peoples heads as a sound that plays when you pick up something good. Maybe they put it there to encourage the feeling of reward when you pick up that small thing from gas station, causing you to relate that gas station to good things and making you come back. But then again it is 2 am and I'm watching a Nexpo video.... so it maybe my mind reaching lol
Loved It!
This channel makes me smile... and shudder.
Song used at 1:00?
Poggers. 2 uploads in one week, even if it was a short video
I'VE HAD THIS THOUGHT SINCE I WAS LIKE 12
did this man hit us with the coral capers like it was just no issue?
America is a whole different place, can't imagine this happening in the UK lol
I've never once heard that.
Me, having never heard of this before: this is a pressing mystery and I HAVE to know before I go to bed
Is this an out-of-season April fools joke?  I’m not complaining, I’d just like to know
thank you for bringing it to my attention, even though it "really is nothing" zzzz
Never heard this in Denmark, sounds like a US thing
This is something i’ve always wanted to know
Thank you for asking the real questions!
I have never heard a gas station use a sonic the hedgehog sound effect. Maybe it’s because I live in Canada?
Dude you have the coolest intro on youtube
"how did this horror YouTuber become a really good edutuber?"
Dude. Cool! I love learning random shit like this. AND THANK YOU! Because I am sending this video to my older sister with a big I TOLD YOU SO!! Because I said this many times and she said it wasn’t the same I just played too much Sonic. Don’t give up the dream Middle children, even if it’s when you’re 38 you can prove yourself right to that asshole of an older sibling. Lmfao! Love your work bro!
Disturbing things from around the Internet please ?
I love you more tho
When i read the title i read it literally and I was all smug thinking "but all sound is sonic" and then I felt like an ads
What is the song at 1:20?
Bro I used to think about this all the time.  Never asked though
lets call it beep sound
I literally haven't heard a single Sonic the Hedgehog sound effect in any store I've ever been in... So this is new to me, and something that doesn't really apply to me tbh.
The title and Thumb nail feels like a shitpost. and no my local gastastions or any places i know use the SFX.
The Resident Evil safe room music by is so ASMR. I just beat the game yesterday 😝
That Donkey Kong country aquatic theme song do.
Thanks for this informative videos, Nexpos.
I've never wondered about it
As interesting as this may be, I don't think I've ever heard the sonic ring sound effect used in this manner.
Not trying to be a dick here, I’m just not sure what I’m missing that is so interesting about this?  Licensing happens all of the time?
Can you do videos on the content of “Strange videos” Those are quite interesting
FINALLY, I’ve always been wondering about this
It's to make you feel good about spending your money. For some it's a nostalgic sonic sound effect associated with collecting the rings, for other's not familiar with sonic it could be like a modern slot machine sound? Some sort of positive affirmation chime could make you more comfortable spending money at these stores.
Love the ambient music sounds like the residentevil save ribbon screen or safe room in the old Mansions on ps1
0:43 nothen
I really think you should do more of these. This was cool
2:52 They prolly thought you were gonna rob them...
This channel is going downhill mate..
MORE!!!! these are fun!
Please more horror
The ones in the area I used to live in used Space Cadet sfx instead
Also, what about Snapchat notif sounding like Super Mario World?
Even if its not about dark internet stuff this is still interesting to watch so it got my attention
That's funny, I hear Sonic reving up his spin every time I charge a debit for something at a gas/convenience store.
If someone asked me what the brand on the cash register was I'd be slightly sus TBH. I don't know why, but I would be sus.
Thanks for making this, I've always thought cash registers at gas stations and convenience stores used the ring SE as well but everyone always thought I was crazy.  I'm glad to know the possible history behind it and know it's not just me. 💖
Im really happy im not the only person who notices this
Back to donkey Kong country lol
Umm am I the only one who never heard this?
all the comments saying this must be an American thing. as an American living on the east coast, I can confidently say I've never heard a cash register make a sonic sound effect.
Have you ever fried shit on the pan?
You must appreciate the fact that Nexpo is trying a bunch of different content and not being repetitive. Kudos to you man!
Been asking this for fucking ever, not even joking.
I never noticed until now uh
I first noticed this a few months ago while buying energy drinks at a gas station I frequent and have wondered about it ever since. Glad this popped up in my recommendations.
Me going about my day never noticing that registers make the Sonic sound and therefore never found it interesting or creepy. Nexpo: Hold on a second...
I feel left out because i've never heard it
Nexpo needs to up his workrate
The first time I heard it  was at a Burger King. I was looking around if someone was playing a DS or some thing but realized after some time it was their POS lol
GVR also makes most of the nations fuel pumps
Finally, this topic needed to be addressed.
I'd really love more of this, Nexpo. I'm excited to see you branch out a bit. Life's little mysteries would make a great video. Please more of this!!!
I thought it was just the gas station I went to
Love the RE music
hey nexpo, i like these short random videos! i would love to see you make more of them.
That was from Sonic?
Never heard it in europe
I literally never noticed
Finally a video that explains everything
What kind of monster tho green is the way to gooooo
I'm sorry, is this a American problem, which I'm to German to understand.
Been wondering about this for YEARS! Nexpo to the rescue!!!
Always hyped when u post ur stuff bröther!
it’s to make spending your money feel like you’re accomplishing something subliminally so you keep shopping there
Ayy I missed you daddy Ryan xD
song at 0:59 is aquatic ambience incase anybody wanted to know
why am I so triggered by Zell using meteor in that ff8 short battle clip at the end
i guess i've never consciously noticed this, but when i read the title i thought, "yeah these two things correlate with each other for some reason"
The 7-11 near my apt uses the Pac-Man dying sound when your credit card gets declined.
I just realized the local AZ Mart uses sonic sound effects, and I've been oblivious.
CAN U TALK ABOUT THE "UHOH" SOUND EFFECT 😭 I'M SCARED DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
I've never heard this before! But that's so cool.
Monsters are good drinks
Lol I've never even thought about this. Dude, I love you lol
What is the music from 0:58 - 1:10??
Chip Chop
If it means more Nexpo content, then IM ALL FOR IT! You're an absolute treasure
Ive actually wondered the sound too. I heard at a local 79 gas station and thought it was the cashiers ring tone. Now i know it goes a bit deeper lol
Gas Stations: Sonic Sound  Nexpo: Donkey Kong Music
I would have thought it may be a form of early viral marketing but that could just be my mind reading into it to much
I love these short little videos!
I live in Michigan and have literally never ever heard this sound at a gas station, is it a southern/western thing?
*Something I’ve always thought but never wondered about, what the hell, good topic man*
I really like the idea of a mini mysteries series like this, especially if it stays as personal as this. The sort of things that we notice and question. but don't take the time to look into
I knew i wasn't the only one questioning the sonic ring sound effect at gas stations.
I genuinely thought that noise sounded familiar but I thought I was the only one
I never made it to the top of a comment section
wait theres places that DONT play sonic sound effects?
I was born in '75
man you dont even know how am i interested in this theme why does cash registrer in gas stations do sonic the hedgehog 3 platformer gmae on sega mega drive made by sega technical institute sound of picking up a round shaped coin with hole in middle of it its very interesting and very mystical and very scary poopoo pants scary but what why why it does this sound may i know please i really care about  this phenomenon of random sound from game because this catches my ear everytime i go to gasstation buy some beer snacks some gasoline go to the cash register and that sound from sonic the hedgehog just killing my brain i stop on the place and start thinking why is that making that noise maybe there sonic the hedgehog inside of that thing maybe the cashier is sonic himself and he just wanna stole my money and everytime he pickes it up he makes that noise im really interested my man this is actually interesting more than the randonautica or some other not scary shit man do more of these dude i really appreciate that you made this video ive been thinking about that sound from my kid age man really dude wow holy shit
Phew at least I’m not the only one the knows about those sonic ring sound effects at the gas station
the minute i read the title of this video i literally said; "YES! THANK YOU!" out loud xD here in new zealand, we don't have the 'ring' sound effects on any of our registers- but throughout my road trips in america, it always caught my ear whenever we stopped somewhere for gas.
Nexpo:  I personally would rather watch your 30-min videos over the shorter weirder ones. They’re both really good content, but I’d rather wait a couple of weeks or even a month for your recent videos. That’s just my opinion. I’m a huge fan of your work, and support any decision you make, but I personally would prefer the longer videos.   Thanks.
FOR REAL THOUGH I've been wondering this for years but I've never really tried researching why
Yo what’s the song that plays after Aquatic Ambiance?
Is that the resident evil safe room theme in the background 🤫
I honestly didn’t think I would see a ghost in this video but then the Dreamcast showed up
guess who just found a new YouTuber to put me to bed🥰 that good night was so...ugh incredible
I'm genuinely offended that you played a donkey kong song over a video about sonic sound effects.
Yooo I thought this was only at my local store...
Tbh this was always bugging me and im happy you covered it. Great job!
I do like these shorter videos. The more nexpo the better
some kid in the back playing sonic
Is it 100% surely the same sound!???
I never noticed
i fucking knew i wasn’t crazy when i heard the sonic ring noise at a gas station
THESE are the questions! Thanks for this, it always bugged me.
i have literally never noticed
You can be talking about any topic but if you got that Silent Hill song playing in the background it will sound spooky and mysterious
*Me at the cash register trying to impress my friends*: Hey.... wanna know why that sounds like the Sonic sound effects?
OR Sonic took the sound from the register knowing it would remind one of money.   JS
I got this recommended at 2 am I need to sleep 😟🧍🏻
hand to god, the gas station near my house. I use the ATM there all the time, and i hear this when I'm in there.  I just assumed it was the dude's cell phone text ring tone.
I've been bothered by that for a while, actually. Thanks, dood.
I keep hearing it in indian owned gas stations in florida.
Every time I noticed it I figured it was just a stock sound effect that anyone was allowed to use.
That Aquatic Ambience hit different. Glad Nexpo got good taste in video games lol
This video should have been called: "Max and ND were busy making content for their own channels, so here's some random bullshit"
I’ve been wondering about this for sooo lomg. I thought maybe the sound originated from stores instead of sonic, but i never thought to try and look it up
nexpo do u still watch scott the woz?
I love it 😎😋😁🙂
Nexpo asking the real questions.
_Now we're asking the real questions_
Bone chilling
Someone... Or... Something... needs to know who programmed your register's point-of-sale system
You did a sonic video (Happy sonic fan noises)
Interesting
I have literally never heard a cash register do this. Not once in my almost 40 years on this planet.
I am absolutely confused. Am I missing an inside joke or am I being wooshed? I've never heard that sound outside of the games. And I've never met anyone that has. I've never seen any posts about this on the internet. *I'm so confused*.
I don't think I've ever heard it. Must not be in my state, I guess.
I like the new style. Short and intriguing.
Literally never heard the sonic noise on cash registers (I’m based in new zealand and only travel to Asia and Europe if that matters) but I’m watching anyway 😇
*At long last I can finally sleep well at night knowing this question I’ve had for the longest has finally been answered :’)*
Literally was thinking about this today
I really liked the video and would love to see more short content in its vein, but maybe it'd find a better home on a second channel.  Like how Barely Sociable has Slightly Sociable, maybe Nightmare Popup, Nexpop?
I live in Canada and I've honestly never heard about this
Are any of his videos based on reality? Or are they just fake?
THANK YOU I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW
I instantly recognized the donkey kong country water level music that started playing lol
Thank you Nexpo! I’ve been wondering why this sound effect has been in gas stations for years and no one could tell me. Now I know, and knowing is half the battle!
I'm gonna finally get some sleep early tonight.  Me at 2 am:
I have been wondering this for most of my life. I'm so glad the mystery is finally solved.
Holy shit
Love it
Sonic maybe catching those rings, but little did you know he can catch the last few digits of your credit card number
how did a man manage to make cash registers making the sonic sound, seem so serious
sonic X gas station - rad collab.
I did not even know this
Sega.... Sammy.... where have i heard that before?
I have no clue why I've never connected the sound to Sonic until you said something about it.
I’M NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED
Ahhhh ! No one can beat the video quality of nexpo, mamamax and nightdocs
i'm glad that someone finally addressed this because i've noticed it on several occasions
I always here that sound effect in one gas stations I stop by on my trips, and I always liked to think that they were big sonic fans.
Even tho it's not supposed to be creepy his voice makes it creepy somehow what lol
I can't thank you enough for clearing up this mystery for me. This one hit really close to home. You can find stores that use these systems in and around Flint, Mi. I think that the "uh oh" sound that they make is from Cool Spot, a Genesis game based on the 7-Up mascot by Virgin.
nexpo just made a video which will be etched into mankind's history.
I love these and all your videos man! Thanks and keep em coming! Love you back & goodnight!
Huh.. I’ve never even heard of this before? That’s very interesting!!!!
Bro I thought I was the only one who peeped this 🤣
Russian grocery stores use them too.
Broooo I knew I wasn’t the only one!
Alright this appeared in my recommended at 1:30 am so time to share a story:  Here in Indiana, this isn't that common, meaning I rarely ever end up somewhere with this. I can recall ONE TIME in December of 2015 where this happened, while I was at a gas station in southern Kentucky, virtually on the border with Tennessee.  It was 11:45 pm, I had been up since 6:30 am and had barely gotten any sleep, it was storming and we were under a tornado watch. We decided to stop at a gas station next to a McDonald's to refuel the car and get some food.  And then I heard that noise, it was late at night and I had just woken up from a short nap so I thought I was hearing things, and then I heard it again. Soon we went to the, wait for it, Sonic restaurant in the gas station and ordered our food when this noise happened again. I thought it was some brand thing and never really thought of it until this popped up.
I remember when I first went to a gas station. When I heard it. I thought someone was playing sonic on their phone at max volume.
Wtf this shit doesn't happen in Canada
i actually never noticed
This mustn't be a thing in aus, never heard of it before
0:34 o hey, the footage right here uses polish zlotys, nice
When I read the title, I thought this was something about sub-sonic frequencies at gas stations and how they manipulate us or something like that.
As a person who has never heard the noise in gas station stores... I was confused af
Sega does more than just make games you know. They also dabbled in electronics as well once upon a time. As far as I'm aware, Sega actually manufactured the technology in those machines.
This was fun! I’d love to see more short videos like it!
i thought it was a coincidence. thank you.
Lol what gas stations have the sonic sound effect?
I always wondered this myself because I used to work for a company that used that POS and always thought I recognized that sound
It's been probably a year or two since I last stepped in a gas station (it was long before COVID-19), mostly because I currently don't own a vehicle of my own and carpool with someone else, but I never really payed attention to the sound effects of the cash registers at my area's gas stations. If I ever visit one again, I'll be sure to try and see if I hear the sound, though chances are I'll forget about it.
Lately the production value is the cream of the damn crop, Nexpo. Thank you for this mini piece!
Most would hear the Sonic Sound effects and just think nothing of it.... But not us, not us
Would it to be racist to say I've only heard it stores run by middle eastern, east Asian, or India run stores... It's rare for me to hear it, although I don't normally go into convenience stores
I've never heard a sonic sound effect at a gas station
Something I’ve always wanted to know but never wanted to ask
IVE ALWAYS WONDERED THIS
I uh. Have literally never heard this sound in a gas station.
The first time I was at a gas station and heard this sound was at two am and I nearly lost my shit
Bro, literally just morning when I went to get a monster across the street I wondered the exact same thing. This video seems way coincidental lmao.
I have never heard a cash register use the sonic sound, and I'm in New York.
I was honestly like what the hell is he talking about when I read the title then felt dumb when he scanned the soda lmao
Q anon is crazy
Do one on Q anon
quarantine really got nexpo doing a non-horror mystery
NEXPO: Tell me what make that cash register is please. Cashier: Okay let's see...  *Dials 911*
It really is not like that here.
This is cool because i just went to a gas station in NorCal that had this and heard it for the first time ever and wondered how and why they used the sound effect. Thanks nexpo
genuinely had 0 idea that this was a thing. this is why you’re one of my favorite tubers. <3
No one else disappointed by the overuse of “utilize”? Okay, I can carry that torch alone. :)
Are you running out of things to talk about nexpo? 😅
I've never heard that ._.
God, I am always extremely embarrassed whenever my card isn't​ read properly and the machine loudly annouces "Oh no." Even worse is hearing "Aw yeah! This is happenin'!" every time I pay in cash and the register needs to be opened.
I thought this was gonna be some sm64 iceberg shit
"So out of the speculation about why the sound effect was used, I came to realise that the only people with real actual concrete answers about the sonic sound effect where inside the walls of one very specific building, Sega Sammy Holdings Tokyo based corporate headquarters located in the Nishi-Shingawa district in Tokyo's Shingawa ward. Running out of options and feeling really desperate for some sort of solution, I knew what I had to do. So I book a plane ticket and got on a flight to Tokyo in search of answers"
nexpo has one of the nicest fandoms i've really ever seen.
This has been fuckin with me for years. Thanks for making it fuck with me more
I noticed you used REHD Safe room music in the vid, nice.
*Everyone liked this*
I like original content and I love you too, dad.
I'm down for these smaller videos in between your longer ones. I get the feeling that this vid was something you put together in a couple days, while a normal Nexpo takes a few weeks or more.   I understand both the need to sometimes walk away from a project and work on something (ANYTHING) else. So, if this is something that you're willing to do, I always enjoy more content. :P
This video makes me so happy. It's been a mystery that I've always wondered about, but never thought to look into.
They probably do it cause it sounds cool
The voiceover still sounds like he’s unearthing some chilling conspiracy.
What is the soundtrack that starts at 2:35?
I THOUGHR THIS ONLY HAPPENED TO GAS STATIONS IN MY AREA?? TF
I've never heard of the Sonic Ring sound at a convenience store. Maybe it's not a Texas thing? Or at least not  thing in my area.
The true origin of evil has been revealed to the public
I loved the use of aquatic ambience <3
Nexpo: Can i ask about your cash register? Cashier: what? why? Nexpo: Let's go back to 1975...
I’ve never heard a register make this sound before
YOU BLEW MY MIND
Huh. That's actually really interesting. I've finally got the answer to the question that has been driving me crazy for over a decade. Every time I heard the sound I would wonder why they use it, but then by the time I got home or wherever I was going I would forget to Google it. Great video, btw. I'd definitely enjoy more of these little mini mysteries.
Your content has gone downhill over the years. Your videos are just plain awful now. This is what greed does to youtubers. I am unsubscribing
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who noticed this.
One of life’s greatest mysteries.
nexpo can make anything creepy. tbh, he could make "is organic food actually organic" and i'd still watch it.
oh man, the sandwich shop near me used to have a register that played a ring sound effect like this! i didnt knwo it was the register at the time, i thought it was one of the employees playing the sound on his phone, or that someone had rigged it to play whenever someone opened the door
Ayyyy u should do a collab with barely sociable  Also love your content
Stop making casual videos
Speaking about sounds. What is your opening theme song from? It gives me a deja vu type feeling and a memory I can't quite place.
I always wondered why they use the sonic sound effects at the flying J’s/pilot gas stations. Now I finally know, thanks Nexpo
This seems like a strictly American thing. I’ve never heard this in Canada.
This video was not recommended, it was necessary, inevitable even.  Nice work on it and all your others, i enjoy the premise of these short one offs and wouldn't mind them becoming a main stay, they could even work as lighter counter active videos to promote darker main subject topics
I’ve actually heard this in an actual gas station and thought this to myself
HOLY SHIT IM NOT CRAZY ITS NOT IN MY MIND HOLY FUCK OH MY GOD ITS BEEN 19 YEARS NOW MY THERAPIST WILL FINALLY GET IT HOLY SHIT
I've never heard a Sonic sound effect at a convenience store, but I have heard Mario sound effects (specifically the coin collection sound) come from the pinpad connected to the registers at the grocery store I work at. I only ever catch it sometimes, so I'm not sure what payment method activates it.
I've wondered this for fucking years
WAIT THIS WAS A REAL THING I THOUGHT MY MIND MADE IT UP AND IT WAS JUST AN AUDIO ILLUSION I WAS HEARING ALL THESE YEARS
I was in a gas station somewhere in Orlando a while ago, back when I was at peak Sonic fan status. I kept hearing the act clear sound whenever something got checked out at the counter. I was roaming the store trying to see where it was coming from. I found out it was the cash register and was mystified.
How have I never seen this before
Gas station encounters much?
I KNEW I WASN'T CRAZY  WHY WOULD THEY HAVE THAT SOUND ON THEIR GAS STATION!
thank god this isn’t scary :) it’s 10:09 pm and i gotta sleep in a bit because i have school tomorrow
just leaving a comment to give this video a boost in the algorithm <3
Long story short, more people are subliminally coerced into spending more money just to hear a familiar, nostalgic sound that rewards the dopamine centers of our brain. It brings us back to that happy moment in time, and we want more. Decades of market research has led us to this.
Hahaha!!! Ok I turned the lights off got situated and was ready for some creepy content so I can sit here and say dame why did I watch this and 🤷‍♂️ hahaha!!! I mean well.... we’ll thank you anyways for taking the time to do the video I’ve seen weaker shit but nexpo bro your known for deep content I mean I chilled with a baddie one night and we sat back and watched like 3/4 hours of your content then held each other because I was probably more scared than her I just hope the next video is gonna be hella deep and not on a cash register
Sammy Electronic Gaming Arcades
I have used those systems and the other sound effect you get when you shut off gas pumps is the Star Trek warning siren sound. Like I don't know if it's licensed or just a bored programmer.
I'm so glad to not be the only one to notice
I’ve actually never heard that sound effect at a gas station before.  Live on east coast New England area.
Men with Haircuts
What’s the outro song?
Gawd dammit thank you for this video!
THANK YOU
So sad that I can’t find the proper track used in the outright and listen to it like I usually do with these vids. Thank you for so much amazing content and keep up the good work. I am glad to see how much this channel has grown over the years, and I hope it continues to grow even larger!
Donkey Kong Country represent !!
Why does the Resident Evil save room music in the background fill me with a sad and hopeless nostalgia?
it is also rumored some ATMs use the unused 3do M2 console OS
It's whack, I just heard this IRL for the first time a few days ago, at a Marathon gas station. Immediately thought "Why the fuck did that beep sound like the ring collection sound effect from Sonic?". Now, here we are.
Segasammy? Wtf! Lol though
I liked this.
Finally. The dark truth the gas stations don't want yoyu to know comes to light. *Very Scary*
Am I the only one who has never heard this before? Literally no registers make that sound in New Jersey.
I’m astounded as to how Nexpo got me invested in convenience store cash register sound effects. Well done man
HOLY SHIT I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE
More please 🙏🏼
Never clicked so fast
Oh my god I thought it was just mine
I always wondered why this was a thing
Damn those patreons supporters!! We need more of these short series. Its interesting especially for me that from outside US (far away from US) that never know these mysteries..
Aquatic Ambience is iconic. Probably my favorite video game song of all time.
bro tbh idc if he posts late at night for me! the content is amazing!
I've been wondering this for years. I thought I was the only one to notice.
Why in the world are you going *into* gas stations? Are you a Boomer?
5:00 someone stole a coors light lmao
okay, but i lowkey always wondered this!
1975 is too far back for me I'll disappear into nothingness. Plays video with caution
OMG this has been bothering me for years! Ty so much!!!!!
This is something that I didn’t know that I needed.
This is way out of left field, but does anyone else randomly get 'Paradise City' by Guns N' Roses stuck in their head after watching Nexpo videos?
Maybe the SFX are open-source or freeware and the programmers for the POS System are gamers? Just a thought.
Thank you! He said I love you all and goodnight!
I expected there to be something scary or unsettling but I barely got an explanation to the question posed. Very weird topic too.
Nexpo: I am talking about a sound effect in gas stations but I should add some scary music because that makes sense.
Thank god people like you are out here asking the real questions.
Just yesterday ki heard this from a register and wait is the sonic ring sound effect my mom said i don't understand what
These short videos to hold us off until the next major upload are much appreciated! Love you Nexpo <3
Sometimes, mysteries aren't scary. They're just a product of a highly monopolistic capitalist world.
plot twist: it's the other way around. sonic used the gas station cash register sound effect
I actually liked this, I would just maybe change the format and music. I was waitjng for the creepy.
Finally
Well done sir!!!
Imagine you get into a fight at a Gas station and you hit the dude in the face and a bunch of money comes flying out of him
Huh not a thing near me
this is something i didn’t know i needed
"Y'all know what I'm talking about" Me, a Brazilian woman who has never been to a gas station convenience store in the United States: no I don't but the title has confused me enough to want to know
I neeeeed that song you used at the 1:00 mark <3
Well, does the place sell Chili Dogs?
I was just in one.
I swear I went into a grocery store in Koreatown in LA and heard a cash register using Breath of Fire 2 menu sound effects. I've never heard it anywhere else.  I've definitely heard the sonic ring sound multiple times though.
Finally, the REAL questions being addressed
I don't think I've ever had a point of sales system with a sonic sound effect. this is totally fascinating, I've never heard of it before.
i love u too nexpo❤️❤️
I like the deep fried sonic ring in the thumbnail
Man really running out of ideas with this one
I thought I was the only one...
Nexpo video on my birthday nice!
I never even noticed this!
I know y’all must be up  rn instead of sleeping
you should compartmentalize your content, this isnt nexpo as I see it, this is random mysteries. i expect something creepy from nexpo that I dont get when I click on these videos. These videos are great, but not what I expect.
I liked this video way to much lmao
Nexpo i want nothing more but a new Disturbing Things Around the Internet video lol
Finally, an answer
Wait it plays the sonic ring sound
Is this an American thing? Because I have never heard cash registers using the Sonic sound effect in my life ever.
I’m so glad I wasn’t the only one curious about this.
My eyebrows raised so high lol. I’ve never heard of this, so this was amusing and interesting.
Legit, never heard this
My gas station just gives me a hadouken when I slide my card.
Love the aquatic ambience from DK <3
The question i have is, what monster is ur monster of choice?
OMG FINALLY SOMEONE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT IT I THOUGHT I WAS INSANE
ive always wondered why i hear sonic sounds in gas stations so thank you
Please do more of these I love getting scared out in the middle of the woods with no one to help me
I have heard gas stations in alabama that uses the ICQ "Uh Oh" sound for people requesting pumps to be turned on
Finally an answer!!!
that feel when the outro is 1:30 long
I just had a dream of a gas station... I woke up n WTF...
Tldw version = same company that owns the sounds licensed them to cash register systems. Come on man
It’s cause you get gas so car go fas
Wow ive always wondered about that
I think having some non-horror style videos is a good change of pace every now and then. Especially since I watch your videos at night unintentionally...
Honestly I like these videos a lot more. The live-action stuff you do aren't really for me. I like it when you just go ahead and explain something instead of dragging it out with all the roleplays and stuff.
Every time I’m in one out of town I hear those I’m like, “who got their switch”
You know you've made it when you have 2 full minutes worth of thanking your patrons at the end of your video. Keep up the good work
man. even when nexpo is doing lighthearted content, he still manages to give me the creeps because of what i associate his content with.
Yes, I've always wanted to know this.
I've been wondering about this too...
Yo wtf I always wondered about this
I've never heard a sonic tone in any gastation at any point in my life
0:44 *Cheese.*
Oh my god I knew it
Wow a new video
I've never one single time heard the sonic ring effect but I once heard a star wars blaster like sound before so theres that
Jesus Christ, I've been wondering the same thing for years now!!!
I always wondered!
I work at a gas station and kids always say that it sounds like this. I forgot about it cause it was engrained into my memory so much.
this was straight up a 5 minute video if you take out credits
Am I crazy or did you do a history of a few companies and then guessed how the sound got there?
I like'em
I have always wondered why, and now I will discover the truth.
I always wanted to say something, but didn't want to be called a nerd or whatever
It wasn't just me being dumb! I heard the ring sounds!
*T H A N K  G O O D N E S S* you explained this, for years I've been wondering why I hear this in every gas station I go to, so thank you man.
this must be an american thing because I'm canadian and have never heard the sonic noise at a cash register?
Asking the important questions...
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED THIS WTF
I had no idea you guys had that, it’s really cool! Here in Europe we just have a casual beep noise.
Well that was short and different to your usual genre.. keep them up cant wait for your next post..
Wtf?!? 7 min video?!!! We need the usual 20+..... smh
I still remember the first time I heard those sound effects!
I've also heard these same systems using a sound (error?) from ICQ, a weridly fast high pitched "UH-OH!"
i have never ever heard that sound effect in a gas station in my life. i was just at the gas station saturday night in fact. ya'll foreigners be wilding
Please do not do more of these
Great job, but I always prefer your longer, more thorough videos, even if I have to wait. =).    I'd definitely love to see some more Randonautica attempts.
Never been to a gas station that has this, or I never noticed.
NEW NEXPO SO SOON
1:01 can someone tell me what this song is called i cant remember and its bugging the fuck outta me
I wonder how easy it would be to find a second hand one for sale. If it's not using some esoteric or proprietary architecture (doubt) I wonder if some basic analysis or reverse engineering on the software could reveal anything.
My local gas stations both have this sound as the one that plays when "ringing up" an item...I think they made that pun on purpose.
Never knew I was interested in something until Nexpo makes a video about it. I think I'd watch paint dry if it had half as much production quality as one of these videos.
Dude, you don’t love my. You don’t even know me lmao.
Holy shit, I've been wondering about this for years
Help Im Canadian, and dont know what hes talking about
Sonic when his phone rings or something
YOU MEAN IM NOT TGE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED
god, i love it when nexpo posts a video. it's like i'm a detective and he's the news reporter who knows all about what's really going on.
Wait... what?
I’m so glad you’ve uploaded this, I’ve actually wondered about this for so long! This was a fun filler video from the all the spooky good stuff!
Scary stuff
It’s good to know it wasn’t just me wondering
I have been wondering about this for litteraly years
I’ve always wondered about this...  thank you
Finally someone speaks about this
I'm Hooked on your Channel.. I check everday for new posts.. Hi from Tasmania Australia!!!
I had no idea what this video was about until you played the sound effect and OH MY GOD
what gas stations u go to that have sonic the hedgehog sound effects?? i want to experience this
I like this style of video!
Nexpo the channel specializing in the investigation of ARG's
Disliked, I thought he was going to be desperate and out of answers so he would book a flight to Japan, smh.
not the content I expected, but the one I needed.
ys
Finally, this has been answered. God bless
Oh. Finally. A reason why. I'll see this whenever I'm eating at the dark as something to relax by like every other video.
The Sonic sound effects are eternal The series will die but the ring sound effect lives on
thank you for explaining absolutely nothing <3
I love this! It definitely got me thinking, and I love anything's that does that. Great job, as always.
Mate, I can't put my finger on what it reminds me of exactly, but, your new found visual style and retro clips of everyday life is really neat.
Next question: why does Target use the Super Mario World coin noise for their cashier change request? Like, I'm short on quarters boss, can I change out a 20 for more? Because I noticed that pretty quickly when I worked there.
I really thought this was going to be a rabbit hole
I never put those two sounds together until this video. Great, now I'm gonna be listening for it constantly, thanks 🥴😂
I never even noticed until you mentioned it
Because when you pay for stuff they be collecting them coins from you bruh.
i thought i was misremembering the sound effect.... but, really... what
not living in the USA got me thinking: wtf is he talking about?
You never know when one of these "one offs" leads to something even bigger.  Or at least more Adam Sessler TechTV/G4 cameos.
I never noticed that until today.
The Giant station that used to be near my house (Now a Bodega) did this. I always pointed it out lmao
Never had heard that in any gas station.
Jesus, I guess from being more Nintendo and Playstation minded, and working with enough of these registers over the years that somehow it had been erased from memory that it was the ring collecting noise. Can someone show me where I turn in my gamer card?
in Canada I dont think we have those bruhg
You look like gordon freeman
Miami has Mario Bro sound effects.
Nexpo asking the important questions.
I thought this was exclusive to one. One time when I was in the middle of bumfuck no where I heard it. Genuinely thought I was tripping cause it was like 3 in the morning.
My phone uses the Sonic ring sound as my notification tone.  Every damn time I've been in a store that uses these, I forget for a second and think someone's blowing up my phone with messages.
When I first heard the sound I was like "Oh that's funny, they set the sound effect to Sonic. Each store probably can set its own sound." But then I kept hearing it. I never really questioned it but it does seem kinda odd that mostly _all_ of these gas stations have the same sound.
Omfg was hoping I wasn't the only one who noticed they all have sonic sounds😂😂
NEXPO OUT HERE DOING THE LORD'S WORK
Oh it's not just me?!
I really like this laid-back short form type stuff that's more fun and less morbid. That's not to say I don't like that stuff too, I just really like this as well
I actually asked this question 4 days ago to a clerk and they were like I don’t know lol
Because Gas Stations are old and wise enough to know when to put the beans on it!
I just thought the gas station people were cool dudes that liked the Sonic ring sound effect and deliberately made it that. It never really perplexed me, just thought the people working liked Sonic and it sounded like the generic cash register opening sound.
Slow mo the noise it’s three beats
Wasn’t Atari before sega?!?!
YeS, i LikE tHeM. Please make more casual stuff
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE
My guess is bc it only three quick rising notes.
i've never heard a cash register make that noise
holy crap my memoes does this (im in nj)
I'm not an American, so this caught me off guard. Is that sound effect really that common to hear at stores?
the “i love you all” hits different at night
FINALLY someone addressed this
I know why.  There were studies done on this (don't ask for sources, I just remember reading or watching it).  The sounds in video games create a sense of accomplishment and gratification.  I think the study was specifically with Sugar Crush that I am recalling.  The sounds trigger a subconcious thing in your mind that keeps your brain wanting more.  So, on a marketing aspect, satisfying sounds to a person's mind on check out, would create a positive experience to the consumer, and make them want to come back more, completely willing to pay convenient store prices for normal items you could get way cheaper elsewhere.  People are lazy, and we will pay to be lazier.  Invent a product that will make people lazy and happy, you will be a millionaire.
Maybe the true sound effects were the friends we made along the way
Mans really made a conspiracy theory about gas stations
I totally forgot about this occourence since I haven't been in a car for a while.
This is one of those mysteries in life I'm dying to know but wouldn't know where to start, I'm really glad you put in the research.
Reason the video was so short: Nexpo didn't find out about the hidden part of the POS system called SONIC.EXE, or what happens when you enter UP, UP, DOWN, DOWN, UP, UP, UP, UP on the keypad. I wonder what Nexpo would do if he found out about the 5+ minutes of demonic horror that comes out of the sound test in Sonic 3D Blast? Play BGM 14, then play 19 when it finishes. Keep listening after it "stops". Sounds even creepier on actual Genesis hardware.
I like these and I'm letting you know
Odd stuff like this, when I mention it around friends/family - they all glare "what a weirdo"  Maybe they just exist & moving through time at whatever pace, while I'm taking note of every "Ding" & "Flower" I see..
abt to go to bed for work tomorrow but guess i gotta watch this rn
I've never noticed the Sonic sound, the one that always makes me do a double take at gas stations is the ICQ "uh oh" sound. Anyone else hear that one too?
OMG YES I NEED THE ANSWER
Yep a bit of wholesome content like this is very welcome sometimes but just curious does anyone remember that mystery lady who died of heart attack then when they did an autopsy of her body suddenly a strong odor filled the room then reports say that some staffs got sick or something? I forgot her name
Nexpo be spittin fax
Stable video👍
Never heard the noise around here...and I'm about 30...
I have literally never seen a cash register do that but now I really want to
Well, this is certainly not what I was expecting but it was a good video, interesting subject that I had no idea about. Good job.
Les go 3 vid a month
Wait, what? I've worked at a service station and have never heard the sonic sound effects anywhere other than the games... is this one of those weird American things again?
What a "terror attack", very creepy but not really a creepy and a sinister topic.
WE WANT MORE‼️👌🏾
The world needs more I love you’s
Yo shit I loved from mass to Virginia and when I first heard that ring sound effect I was like "wtf, no"
"like it's nuth-an
I saw sonic sound effects and expected some other worldly tec sounds going off in gas stations
To being honest, even though this video isn't creepy it's just a lightheaded discussion. This guy gives me the ominous and mysterious feeling that this is bad or there is something DIFFERENT
I remember being a kid and hearing the ring sound at random stores and having an absolute aneurysm because “omg thats from sonic!!!”
Tbh never noticed it until now
As an Irish man who once worked in a gas (petrol) station, I can confirm I've never heard any sonic sounds from any of our registers or the registers of any of the station I've been to. On that, I was not expecting a non-thriller video to come out of nowhere. I was expecting Nexpo to start talking about some government conspiracy or haunted code or something.
The register at a local board game store makes this noise, but I've never heard it in a convenience store.
I've been waiting for this and I didn't even know it. Thank you.
i loved the video! even tho the video was short but the longer ones are still my favorite!
In the UK we don't have these tills but I've heard through YouTube, yes I wondered about it too. The channel shows cctv from their gas station, showing shop lifters & sometimes scammers. The narration is really good & things like gold chain, short change & slight of hand scams are crazy. The short change scammers are so weird, I've never understood how they thought of it. I'm guessing they target a certain person because it wouldn't work on most experienced cashiers.
i like
We love you too man, Goodnight
Not the usual content but I also really enjoy this style of video!!
SERIOUSLY. I wanted to know why for so loooong. Even the workers didn't know. Lol
I have literally never heard this outside a Sonic game. Must be a US thing.
The title got me. And the video kept me.
hi
I live in the south and I have never heard any Sonic sound effects at any cash register. You didn't really answer anything with this video.
You pluralize certain words when it doesn't make sense to do so. "You just might be checking outS" instead of "You just might be checking out". It's not a big deal but I can't help but notice when it happens. It's weird, yo. Cool video.
Literally asked this question 2 months ago... and it took me 10 years to realize it.
only ever noticed this at one local station. always thought it was odd since the employees are older women. thought maybe one of them or their kids were fans but it always amused me
Hey Nexpo, consider this: 0bx=N A channel name for you to upload purely lighthearted mysteries and videos
i like investigations  i like  this  more than stories
The Resident Evil Save Room ost hits good 😔👊
Industry called Sammy  Me: thinks of Sammy sonic fan
Damn, I've never realized that was that sound from the sonic game. You could've talked about how this is subtle, subliminal programming using an achievement based tone to trigger a generation of people who grew up playing this game into thinking they're winning/gaining something substantial, other than buying the garbage they're actually purchasing. Like Monster. Don't drink that shit man. Its from the beast.
Lol he using Resident Evil music
Not some out abstract scary shit 20 mins or longer therefore I am not happy with your services. Where is your manager?
You know, I did hear what sounded like the Jaws theme in a McDonolds more than a few times with its beeps.
I've noticed this for years. I've always kinda wondered about this. If you have played the games the sound is definitely unmistakable. It's not something that *sounds like the ring sound* it *is* the ring sound.
Ok I'll figure out who I gotta email to get confirmation
Just the thing I wanted, Nexpo's nice relaxing voice while I wait for the melatonin kick in
Yo man you should do more videos like this
Fuck, I've been wondering about this for a year now. Now I know. Stay awesome, Nexpo.
1:06 random little thing but I actually used that footage of that rainbow just yesterday lol. It’s an ad for a drive-in theater snack bar and there is “treasure” at the end of the rainbow which is just snacks. It’s not important at all but I find it so strange seeing a random clip of something I JUST used in one of my videos for work.
1 off stories and mysteries would be great, this one was short and sweet
Never in my life have I heard a register make the ring sound. Wtf is wrong with y'all's machines?
You certainly got your product placement in.
Yooooooo finally!!!!
did he run out of horror? it feels like he ran out of horror.
Youtubers REALLY like the word plethora.
Aquatic Ambience 😍
Never noticed , and now it’s all I’ll notice
I was just thinking about Nexpo while listening to sonic soundtracks at the same time-
Chase ATM noteblock why when
i have literally never heard a sonic sound effect at a gas station
You brought back so much of my childhood in that DKCountry soundtrack for the under water levels.   Dreamcast is my absolute fave console.   No cares given.   :D
the POS system at a local gas station has the sonic ring sound on it
Sega did 9/11 confirmed.
Please make more videos I really enjoy these keep it up
whats the music in the background throughout the video?? (around 1:40) i got mad nostalgia for some reason
woah, i'm not sleeping tonight!
Why blaspheme. Thumbs Down.
I NEVER EVEN NOTICED THIS.
pretty interesting, i'd like to see more
So I’m guessing this is just an American thing because wtf ❤️
All right, I'm probably betraying age, and and a serious deficiency of Vitamin Withit, but what's the deal with the superfluous addition of an "s" to the end of words in the narration?  As in:  after a whiles, that goddamn extra "s" was the only things I could hear?
FINALLY
this is your scariest video yet!
I wondered that too.
Had to wait 4 years for the answer to this
This is the content i cone here for
(reposting for attention) I really think these non-creepy videos should have a different intro, or a quirk of the thumbnail to let the viewer know it's a different kind of video. I turned off all my lights and hopped in bed ready to watch some creepy content, saw the scary intro, and was kind of surprised when the video was completely not what I expected. I enjoyed it still, but it definitely needs a different intro to set the mood.
And here I thought there was another cult involve. Not gonna lie...a little disappointed.
please make more!
interesting, much enjoyed
I always wondered if the beep was a conditioning training after you make a purchase. Almost like how dogs are trained with clicks
I remember when I heard the sonic ring effect in a 7 eleven one time I thought I was tripping not realizing it was from the cash register
why sonic though
3 videos in one month? The last two ones with only 6 days apart? Nexpo is on a streak!
While I do prefer the longer videos, these are great too, easy bite sized info videos. Ultimately it is up to you, but I say go with these on the side. But that’s just my opinion. Keep up the great content👍🏻
what, that doesn’t happen in England as far as I’m aware
Ah yes every small detail and literally anything is a content
The donkey Kong country cave music gave me nostalgia, man the good ol days
This is crazy bc i legit was thinking about this like 4 days ago Lmfaoo
I feel sad that I've never been somewhere with the Sonic sound effects. :(
I've always wondered why they use the ring sound effect, but I've heard it so many times in local owned gas stations I just accepted it as just one of those kind of things.
OH MY GOD SONIC IS REAL
The Pavlovian conditioning from watching Nexpo still had me on edge. I was expecting a spooky turn at any moment
Great video Nexpoop, can't wait for the next
Are you done with Randonautica, Nexpo?  Edit: 9 hours later Nexpo Randonautica video got recommend to me
Well I never noticed that that's the same sound effect but now I do and now I'll hear it every gas station I go to thanks nexpo!
The time and effort he puts in his vids is amazing. Love this channel
My dads friend had one laying around for me when i was kid in the early 2000’s and that sound is embedded in my head til this day.
I've never heard sonic effects from cashiers and honestly I wish I could
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO!
Is this an American thing?
I like it. More would be nice. Subscribed
I love this type of content.
It's crazy because I've always wondered about this
hold up, i thought i was the only one who questioned why it made the sonic noise, i'm honestly glad that i'm not the only one though lol
this is the first time i see this, never been to a store with this type of machine 😂
Maybe stuff that interests you yourself should be kept private. Lame video.
Sorry is this some kind of american thing that I'm to german to understand?
I never realized this was a widespread thing. The gas station I used to work at made this sound and I'd have a customer point it out at least once a month.
I'm so angry that the gas station I worked at for two years didn't use this system.  It would've made working myself to the bone for like, no money easier to bear, I think.  Or ruined Sonic for me, one or the other.
It’s like you knew I was smoking weed, loved it!
Sega dreamcast 2, confirmed.
Nah bro damn. I love this channel but I don’t like where it’s going you post post a question but you don’t answer it? You add all these b roll cuts that are unnecessary and don’t further the story? Why can’t it just be video essays like before? I get you wanna evolve but that was cool. I personally don’t feel this new stuff man.
Am I the only one whos never heard it.... I'm 20 and I've never heard a gas station use the sonic ring sound....
I don't get this video... It feels pointless
most distrubing part of this video is whatever the hell was happening with those cars being in no lanes at 2:43
Or the "Uh-oh!"
I remember I walked into a dominos and the score noise from duck hunt kept playing over and over again
When you scan so fast it makes a sonic sound effect
please do more random lighthearted mysteries like this
as a person that is alone since the beginning of the whole ‘rona thing, hearing nexpo saying that he loves us all is one of the things that keeps me sane
Do you really need to hold your nose while talking? The nasally effect you are giving your voice is kind of offputting
YEEEEESSSSSS! FINALLY
Bring back disturbing things around the internet
This is the most useful Youtube video I've ever watched, I swear to god that question always ate me up as a kid. Glad I can finally put my sanity to rest lol.
Finally true horror!
Nice use of the music from the Donkey Kong Country underwater levels! Although that's N64, not Sega.
Thank you I can sleep tonight also yes I like this style of video
...there are only 70,000 gas stations in the USA?
Thank you, I've been wondering this but never bothered to look it up after leaving whatever store used it.
I heard about this occurrence through OneyPlays, anyone else?
thank you, Nexpo. What would the world be like without you
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE THINGS EVERYONE HAS HEARD BUT NEVER THOUGHT TOO HARD
Finally
so you you made the video base on the sound effect and yet did not put the sound in the video?
Mostly just holiday gas stations where I am, never heard the sonic sounds around here
cant say i have ever heard sounds from a gas station
I think your onto something...
yay no scare now
Oh yeah i remember hearing that sound in the gas station   I was confused 🤔  Thanks for letting me know 👍
That’s not all. I don’t know if it’s Apple Pay or some other mobile payment app but it has the menu sound effects from the old resident evil games.
Sonic the Gas Station Employee
I never had this happen before
This video is SOOOO satisfying on a personal level... I’ve been wondering the same thing for years! An interesting and satisfying answer; thank you! 😩👌
Share this video before authority delete this.   This is terrifying
These are important questions
I always told myself I'd look up why gas stations have the sonic ring sound and I havent ever. Even today
I always thought I was hallucinating when I heard the ring sounds at Buc-ee’s lol.
Finally!! I've been waiting to learn about this!
WE NEEEEDDD MMOOORREEE DDISSTTUUURRBBBIIINNNGGG TTHHHIIINNGGSS
Sonic and Gas station      Me: *thinks of a gas station with a Sonic restaurant*
What's the song at 0:59?  Nvmmd, found it; Aquatic Ambience
🎰Same reason why 🏨casinos ✨use certain sounds & lights in slot machines. The light💡👀 get your attention. The sound gets into your subconscious so you can spend more money.💰💸
this... this is neat. Thanks Nexpo !
i've never heard a cash register make that sound.
Maybe they use it because the sound triggers the urge to buy. Since it’s been used since the 90s we are used to hearing that sound from sonic and in stores so now we subconsciously place it with the sound of reward/money. Sonic catches coins and rings,so does capitalism lol just a guess. Idk for sure lol.
This is the first time nexpo has released a video within a week of his previous
I haven't heard any cash registers in my state make that sound. Yet anyway.
Wow, really interesting. I actually live about two miles away from a Veeder-root factory, and I never knew what they made.
I actually would be down for these - I like casual Nexpo a lot more than I expected. Maybe get a new intro for these videos?
I've always wondered why this was. Every time I went into the Shell near me I'd hear it and couldn't stop thinking about it for the rest of the day.
I loved this video.
I'm sure the info is out there in patents, trademarks, or if it was used illegally court records.
I gotta know if Nexpo visited the Handi-Shop in Three Rivers, the one with the Brush Country BBQ restaurant inside along 72. That's probably the first time I heard the Sonic ring sound effect at a register 😂
I can't say I ever asked why they use a sound effect
What? Bro i never hear that shit
Lol and I thought I was weird for thinking the same thing
aquatic ambiance is my shit
"Let me take you back to 1975"  OMG Please do. 2020 is awful...
😔
3:34 I can tell he chuckles after saying ‘POS software’ lmfao.
i hate you
Petroleum tech and certified Gilbarco technician here. Gilbarco paid for the sound. There are also sounds in the older software from ICQ chat, like the infamous "uh oh". The Passport application runs on Windows 7 OS, it's not a complete OS in itself.
Very weird and dramatic connection to make here but it reminded me of this. Of course I have to turn lighthearted content dark, TW family death.   I couldn't be by the checkout at CVS for like a year because their card scanner system uses the same chime when your card is accepted as a monitor in the hospital my dad stayed at whenever his heart rate got too fast or slow. I heard it a lot because he had an irregular heartbeat. The first time I heard it at CVS after he died I just panicked. I know it's such a ridiculous trigger. But I have to wonder if certain companies have pools of sound effects they all grab from. I've definitely heard the sonic sound before at cashiers.
I enjoy watching these vids
I like your work a lot 😐
Legend has it, with every lottery ticket you purchase & hear that sonic chime, you will live long and prosper.... But your lottery ticket will also be a loser.
No mystery is too small or trivial.
Letting you know, I liked it
OMG I JUST THOUGHT I WAS CRAZY!
I've never heard a sonic sound in a cash register.
Where i live, i dont hear it. Like. N E V E R heard it-
Am I the only one who has never noticed this? I have been to gas stations across America but never heard the sound.
I like these casual mysteries, things that you see but don’t really pay attention to nor understand why they are the way they are.
The heck where are all these gas stations where I'm at? That's rad
I went to a gas station and heard this sound for the first time in my life, and I come home to this video uploaded, wow
Great video. Really enjoyed it
Bro, I thought I was just going fucking crazy hearing the sonic ring chime every time I happened to be in a gas station 😰😂
I remember while I was a kid on a road trip and In the middle of bum fuck nowhere and when I heard the ring noise I freaked out
Pssst, Greenio
You know it’s a good day when Nexpo 𝘢𝘯𝘥 Oddheader upload
Wait This Isn't Scary
Either that is ACTUAL resident evil typewriter-room music or the composer nailed the same feel
Just got into bed after being the last one to turn the lights out to wake up early tomorrow. What a time to receive this notification!  Edit: Wait this isn’t fucking terrifying? Great!
Maybe im not getting it, but isnt this sort of a non answer? you just figured out that most of the systems that had the sonic sound were from one company and the used a 3rd party developer, you never confirmed why they use it, if its legal, if its related to sega etc.
Yeah those registers are everywhere even at local 7-11 when i stop by for snacks.
Liked this
My manager couldn’t say why
I hear Donkey Kong country Water World music
Lmao i was sitting all stressed out watching thisfor no reason other tham ptsd from your other videos 😂😂😂
Nexpo: "You read the title so you know what this is about" Me: "I'm more confused now than when I just read the title"
Ha, I wrote some software at work that uses this, and more sounds from pokemon red/blue and stuff just to see if anyone says anything.
I work at chevron gas station and we have that sound and I asked “ why” we have that sound of sonic game sound of the rings
How did I actually never notice this before?!
Holy shit this is something so not important but also so confusing to me that I immediately wanted to find out
I am a huge, huge SEGA and Sonic Fan. Also, I am a big horror fan and enjoy your content a lot. So seeing this video on your channel was pretty surreal, haha. However, I did enjoy this type of "in-between" videos before your main uploads. So I had this question myself a long time ago, and I researched it too, and I think the licensing is more plausible. THE REAL QUESTION you should be asking NEXPO is that If you hit cashier, will all the money and rings fly out of the register?
omg i have a gas station somewhere and i noticed it was the sonic ring sound lol
To be honest I never heard or notice the sonic sound effect when I go to wawa
Dude this was great plz keep making
I can’t say I haven’t wondered.
you have no idea how long I have needed to know the answer to this.
Hey look, it's shitty Dane Cook @2:25
i like i like
Amazing video, I am very interested in this video, but I was feeling a bit down because someone had stolen my 3 ramen noodle cups. This has lifted my spirits, amazingly. Thank you, nexpo
The real mystery is 2 vids in a week
Exon be like
I went to a Burger King and heard the Sonic sounds once. My parents told me I was crazy.
Still the best intro on YouTube
hi you might not even see this but i just wanted you to know i live off of your videos
"Crosses our minds every time at a convenience store."  Me: Hold up. What? Yooooooo. Oh sheet! I never noticed
2:27 wow I remember that guy from G4 tv. I think his name was adam
anybody else not even notice this till now
That Donkey Kong Country Water Level Music Thooooooo 😍☁️💤
Also reminds of a time a local radio station in my area occasionally used the Super Mario World Athletic Theme as a bumper
*Good Question*
I really thought this was gonna be like subsonic sounds being mysteriously heard at gas stations or something weird like that. The whole Sonic thing was really suprising.
This sound effect is mostly heard in 99 cents only stores
It's not even just the US... I live on Latin America and I also have stumbled upon this...
why have I never seen a gas station with sonic noises
i reaally neeed to use the moorhtab
Thank you for making this video! Ive been waiting for someone to make a video on this topic
Great video
Nexpo: *known for spooky content*  Also Nexpo: “why do these cash registers use that noise?!”
im buggin or my new york ass has NEVER heard a sonic sound after a beep??
Just realized how nice that render is in the beginning. The paintings are a nice touch indeed.
"You've read the title..."        -Lemme stop you right there. I see Nexpo and I click
I've never heard that sound effect at a gas station/convenience store before - Maybe it's just an american thing?
For some reason I'm still creeped out.
It's mostly Aarcos that's I've heard these at
i have never heard it anywhere, it would be a cool easter egg in the game of life though.
I was kinda expecting aliens not the sonic sound effect. Nice surprise.
Mmm, Pepsi
Oh my god I’ve been wondering about this for so long  As a fan of this channel and sonic, this video makes me very very happy.
Really enjoyed the video! The music seemed a bit more creepy than mystery which felt weird, but overall a great little dive
This is not the case in Finland, here we have normal sounding cash registers
Goodnight nexpo!
i always thought my local gas station was the only one who would use that sfx.
I thought this was just a random thing in California! I remember hearing the sound when I was like 11 and being super puzzled!
My wife has that sound as her notification on her phone and she didn't know it was from sonic. I called her a poser and told her to change it.
Lots of gas stations in my area use Mario sound effects, never questioned it.
omg i loved this whenever i made the drive to vegas i would hear it everywhere and always wonder if sega knew
Hello everybody this is your daily dose of spooky
Night time
Oh, thank god someone else has noticed this! There's a few little gas station supermarkets around where I live that make that sound, and every time, I think to myself, "but that's a sonic sound effect!!" I even tried pointing it out to my sister once, but she didn't hear it thanks to a huge truck outside that honked RIGHT at the exact moment the ring sound occurs. For a while I thought I was just going crazy! Glad to see other people noticed this and that I am NOT, in fact, going crazy!
You hooked me with your creepy content and nice voice. Then i realized that it's your inquisitive nature and the time you put into investigating that makes your videos so much more enjoyable than a lot of other creepy content channels. Make more videos like this please :)
I've been waiting anxiously for a Nexpo video... And I get Sonic  Hell yeah
This may be your scariest video ever
ive never experienced one of these,,, sonic cash registers
Dude you have literally liked every comment I’ve made ever wtf
I litterally never thought about it
Loved it thought it was great please make more
I'd wondered this for almost a decade. First time I heard it was in 2010 at a gas station in Kentucky. What a strange time to have that question finally answered.
Neat. You should make more cult, ghost, or giant mysterious videos
My brain: "I'm tired. I should go to bed"  Also my brain: "I NEED TO KNOW I NEED TO KNOW I NEED TO KNOW"
This is something you experience in the US? Here in Canada, I have never experienced this.
Nexpo baby
you get a like simply for using the Donkey Kong Country underwater theme!
Def like to see more like this to fill in the gaps.
Nexpo i love all of your stuff
The gas station on my way to my old school did the same thing, and everyday I bought a drink, so I had it ingrained in my brain.
AAAAAA
YES, FINALLY SOMEONE ELSE HEARS IT TOO!
I've always wondered what was up with this lol. At risk of sounding like a bot, thanks for the upload 😂
I feel like nexpo can make anything sound scary now
You must be reptilian to be able to wander into a store and ask what kind of cash register they have without drawing 👀
OKAY HOLY FUCKING SHIT DUDE I WAS JUST BINGING YOUR VIDEOS I LOVE YOUR CHANNEL
This must be an American thing I'm too Australian to understand. I've never heard a cash register make the Sonic noise...
Me: not living in America. Read title: what?...what do you mean? See 0:23 : WHAT
I've literally never been to a store that had that sound.  Am I in a different demension?
When I saw Sammy... it reminded me of SammyClassicSonicFan
Nexpo: makes video about the use of Sega Genesis’ sound effects from Sonic The Hedgehog Also Nexpo: includes music from Super Nintendo’s Donkey Kong Country in the background God, I love this channel.  And yes! Please do more of these short 7ish minute rando’s in between the main uploads. I really enjoyed it, as I have been wondering about this topic for YEARS now, just never thought to really look into it. Plus, I wasn’t left with that bamboozled / mystified / disgusted / semi-depressed feeling afterward.
ive been thinking about this for the past week
Lol my Dave's Exon
Thank you! Finally some answers!
S O N I C I S E T E R N A L
I'm spooked solid
Dayum, 2 min long patron list lol
Tried finding the end credits song i like it but I didn’t know the exact name always enjoy your content you should do more of these definitely
Great content. Create a seperate channel for more of this stuff!
I was at a Petsmart one time, and their register had the Half-Life bloop noise
Goat and the same to get a new one for the chance 😂😂😂
I can't believe you did a video on this. I had always wondered why they had that sound effect at the registers at gas stations but just thought it was something that could never be figured out so I didn't put much thought to it haha that's crazy Great video. Would love to see more like this.
This was the most innocent video I've seen from you but somehow it's just as creepy as ever, curse you Pavlov
I’ve heard it at my local gas station since the sonic movie released.
I don't know why but I've never noticed that
I would love more videos like this. I absolutely love your longer horror-related videos, but little things like this would be really interesting
2:35  what is the music
the resident evil 1 safe room music caught me off gaurd
Gaining rings and losing money, oh the irony:(
Nexpo Texaco has also the sonic ring noise but it was located outside the state on the way towards the boarder check point lol
I think you need a 2nd channel for these just like Internet Historian has 2 channels for different kinds of videos.
I have literally never heard the sonic sound in a store ever
I've been to many Gas stations in my life and one near my workplace is the only station I have ever been to that has had the sonic sound effect on the cash register. Since then I have wondered if it was even legal to do and didn't even think this was a thing at other stations. It's interesting to see some kind of light shed on it, but if PassportOS used third party developers to make their software, it only makes sense that at least got into contact with Sega/SegaSammy to license out the sound effect. It's very interesting to think about and makes me wonder if Sega or any other company did something similar.  Edit: Another thought just occured. It's possible maybe the devs behind PassportOS wanted their registers to stand out in some kind of capacity or work as a quiet advertising deal for Sega? I mean, especially near the time of release for the OG Sonic games, if these things were making rounds at the time and people played the games people would be sure to say "hey, I went to this gas station and the register had a sound effect from sonic in it!"
you never got to the bottom, the mystery is still unsolved >_>
Love the use of aquatic ambience
Woah a wave of nostalgia hit me with Aquatic Ambience and I'm crying. You make me feel some type of way. Subscribed
bro i've been wondering this for so long, but i feel like you only kind of answered the question
That was a question that I have never asked, and now it is a question that I will never be able to forget. Lmao   On that note, I am all for these type of videos, though I will always favor longer and more in depth videos. But I am aware that those are not for everyone. No aversion to variety.
My ex wife always says I have a cash register sound. I wonder why....Hmmmm
I always thought it was a stock sound that could easily be reproduced on cheap sound hardware
Because we are all sheep and programmed since childhood to where we hear the sound, triggering something in our brain thinking that we're doing something "GOOD". WOKE 👀
Am i the only one who never realized it was sonic ring sound? I have played sonic many times btw.
I have NEVER thought about it as the sonic sound O:
Thought I was the only kid that heard Sonic rings in convenient stores
Now we're asking the real questions.
Hey Nexpo, You asked? I'm responding to your question of what kinds of videos you should make. The answer is obvious, you need to make more scary videos, why? Because Nexpo scary videos take a documentary approach to something that is generally fear inducing. Which motivates, what? That's right, fearections. Girlfriend left me, can't get fearections anymore without Nexpo scary videos. Been months since I've had a good fearection, I blame you personally Nexpo.
I assume this is an American thing? Because over here they certainly don't do that.
All I wanted is to hear creepy stories, and I get this crap, Ryan, for shame, I thought you said you had another creepy video coming out! I love you Ryan but let's GOOOOOO!
IIRC, the 99¢ Only store uses that sound too, as well as the "uh oh" sound from ICQ
I've seen one cash register that did this, never pointed it out though.
i shit you not sometimes i hear the sonic effect at my job but there are no gas stations around me
Interesting how Nexpo is able to make random obscure information seem like a horror story.
Lol
Wait wtf I never noticed this
holy FUCK i knew what youre talking about thru the title alone!!! one of the gas stations back home does this.
with these shorter videos the 2 minutes of patreon names really stand out more
I haven't heard the sonic ring sound, but one gass station uses the mario coin sounds. It catches me off guard every time
I like the shorter format
We don’t have that in California at least
Wow holy crap, I always thought it was someone's phone whenever I heard the ring sound. I would always hear it at a Smart and Final, however it would be somewhat rare like 2 or 3 days out of the week
I’m so used to Nexpo’s voice talking about scary and depressing things that my brain is literally getting spooked by the fact that cash registers use sonic sound effects lmao. I think I’m just bracing for the plot twist or like murder or something.
Don’t Subways registers make the Mario Kart countdown sound?
And they said 2020 couldn’t get any stranger.
hey is this guys name Nathan Expo
when he said "i love you"🥺
IVE ASKED THE SAME QUESTION EVERY TIME I GO TO A GAS STATION  I even looked it up, and could find NOTHING  Edit: That was sort of satisfying enough. Oh well, time to go back to doom scrolling through Twitter...
I've only noticed this at one gas station so I didn't even know this was a widespread thing.
Omg yes dude, I've always been wondering why they used the ring grab sound from Sonic when they scan the items.
I like this. So many small things in our lives that have weird connections. Keep it up!
Talks about sonic sounds and uses donkey kong country soundtrack great
This is news to me, i thought only my store had that sound lmao. I used to work at a gas station as a cashier and the register had the sonic sound effects, i literally just thought the Sonic sounds on the cash register were due to my boss being a big Sonic fan or something so he put it as the sound, but i guess not! Lol.
After 100 rings the gas station gives the customer another life.
Thanks for the love you. My girlfriend just broke up with me and I really needed it :)
what the I've never heard of this before, maybe it's an east coast thing?
This has always been something that I think about for a few seconds everytime I hear the ring sound in a gas station, say to myself that I'll look up why they use it later, then just forget. Every single time. Thanks for finally quenching my curiosity!
Wait this has to be an America only thing. I’ve never heard that before in my life.
Internet boi ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Can you do more creepy pasta videos? i really love them
Maaaaaan, seeing Adam Sessler and the ZDTV logo gave me some insane nostalgia. X-Play was my nightly ritual for most of my childhood.
The register at my job parts simpsons sounds along with the seinfeld and 2001 space odyssey.
I didn’t even realize that was the sonic sound because I never really thought about it
I remember hearing this sound at my local Gas ‘N’ Wash a few years ago, and every so often when traveling I hear it, think for a moment, then move on...I had no idea that there was a similarity!
Why is this giving creepy vibes its literally about gas stations and sonic
Points for consistency with the creepy mysteries.
YES IVE BEEN ASKING THIS FOOREVERRR
they're training the people with the Pavlovian response  and it's worked quite well as most of us are just brain dead consumers waiting to get our next STUFF
That’s so weird, I’d never noticed this!
I do prefer your longer investigations, but I would be down for shorter formats if that's what you wanted to do.
The real horror here is that clever marketing got Nexpo to make this video.  Lol
Always wondered this but then forgot about it
i was just thinking this the other day lmao
This is good, please more!
I always thought it was just a rip off because where I'm from its always gas stations with people from India and thought  its a company from India that took the sound. Love finding random gas stations with the sound though
gotta scan fast
Gilbarco also makes petrol and diesel dispensing machines. V in India use gilbarco fuel dispensers extensively in all our petrol bunks, or petrol pumps in Commonwealth English.. didn’t know that they make POS machines also!!... liked it, it’s a pleasant change..
I think these in between episodes on smaller topics will be great filler while the longer, more thought out ones are in production.
Oh God I love the Donkey Kong aquatic music
i literally have never heard sonic tones nor seen that pos ever, and ive toured the states multiple times lol
Nexpo: "Today I found out how to make cotton candy and now I'm gonna tell you guys how to make cotton candy!" Nexpo's sound wizard: "That statement right there! That's the one we put the anxiety music over!"
What better ambience for being trapped in a convenience store horror situation than having Sonic the Hedgehog sounds to accompany?
lame
Every single one in texas i swear does this I think a bunch in oklahoma
wait different cash registers make different noises
whats the vaporwave song in the middle???
I've heard that sound! What the hell how did I never notice it was from the Sonic games!?
This was great
I've heard a cash register make a princess peach "uh oh" noise before.
Well i mean, why would they want to use the sonic ring sound anyway? Seems like a way to bring more customers in by being "nostalgic". However, of it's been used since 1999 then they where ahead of their time
Those registers must be the only brand that most Gas Stations buy cause every place I go to get gas makes the sonic ring sound.  At first I thought it was only at Shell Gas stations cause I heard it first from one of those ages ago and every Shell station uses the same kind of register but most big chain Gas Stations use the same brand of registers. It's going to suck when those stores upgrade those machines and we don't get to hear that anymore.
Am I the only one here that NEVER heard the sonic ring sound at a convenient store before?
Whoah!!! Two uploads in a week your on fire 🔥!
Sonic is enslaved, to help him donate ur kidney to me and I’ll totally not sell them to the black markey
Why'd you deep-fry the ring in the thumbnail? lmao
Cool! i have wondered if something like this were the case for a long time! Thanks for solving that mystery. would love to see more vids.
this is the epitome of "i didn't know i needed this"
Omg he actually did it the mad man
FINALLY! an answer to the rings in the cashier
Is this a thing in the states? I live in Canada I don’t recall hearing the sonic coin noise while purchasing something
I liked this! Thank you for clearing this up for me also. I have been wondering this for years now, lol.
Finally someone talked about. It took so many years...
I got a gas station with the jingle in Mid Town Reno, I just always thought it was the gas station employee's phone notification. :P
this must be an American thing, cause here in Australia I've never heard that.
I feel like this is a shower thought I've had at some point
When you get a mario advert on a video about sonic🤨🤔
We want more horror stuff not mystery lol
In my city some taxis have the sonic noise too
I really like this style!
I have always wondered about this
First time I heard it I was like “omg thats a thing” 🤩
There's your answer fishbulb.  Whenever I go to vons I hear the real player jingle, but I have no idea what they use it for.
I've never been to a gas station so this was news to me lol
They probably have a cock and ball torture machine that they attach to sonic while endlessly giving him rings so that the noise activates
I don't need sleep I need answers
Really love the Dark souls background music Nexpo.. really nice touch.
I work for circle k Corp as a.maintenance tech fixing pumps, drink machines, a/c, coolers etc....they exclusively use Gilberto veeder root for fuel pumps and POS systems....go sonic hedgy.....all North America...based in canada....
Wtf I wanna live where *those* convenience stores are located
I feel like this is one of those questions everyone has had but never bothered to look up
Sonic is possessing the cash register
When Nexpo flies to Japan to see if jumping on trampolines make a Mario sound after this video...
I loved this man
I never realized that was the Sonic sound effect until this video and now I’ve realized just how often I’ve heard it throughout my life.
Biggest question is...  Why doesn't Sonic Drive In doesn't have this sound?
Thank you. I’ve felt fucking crazy for like 10 years.
nobody notices the sound foh
Nexpo out here asking the real questions.
Nextpo saying “I love you all” at the end of his videos still creeps me out more than Marble Hornets or Everyman Hybrid ever did.
Dude I just heard this the other day and was interested and thought it was cool. Now I’m petrified
It's so sad to hear nexpo's upcoming suicide via chili dog asphyxiation.
When I was in texas I heard this the most at gas stations
AND MY FAMILY MADE FUN OF ME
In he Philippines, you don't tho.
Love that you used the aquatic ambience from donkey kong! Puts me in a relaxed complentating state of mind:)
Now I can sleep at night!
You ever come across something you didn't realize you needed?
I once again don't know what to do with the information Nexpo gives me
I'm super drunk and thank u for this video, ur voice is very soothing
My entire life I thought about this, and I can’t believe someone is finally talking about it. I might actually cry
You can hear the mario coin sound on a super market around here, it's a big brand too
Oh my god
EDIT- NEVERMIND I FOUND IT ON THE RELAXING Super Nes music compilation 1.  Its a game I hated as a kid in the 90s.       That song playing after you say going back to 1975. 00:58  Where have I heard that before...........Is that Super NES music?  I feel like I hear that song on a Super NES relaxing music compilation sometimes when I'm going to sleep.
Hey Nexpo. I really really love all you Videos and you as a content creator. You dont deliver too much videos and the quallitylevel is god damn high.... stay as you are. Greetings from germany :)
Cool so i wasn't the only one wondering how they could use that sound effect
Lighthearted mysteries, dark mysteries, idc what it is. I like mysteries and I like your content.
gas station encounters where you at
imagine Nexpo coming to your store late at night, asking what the brand name at the cash register is with his deep, monotone, yet comforting voice. "ma'am what's the cash register name, no before you ask, i don't want your money"
*I never noticed the sound until you mentioned it*
Wellp that was underwhelming I thought you would have solved it.
Got excited about a new Expo video. Found out a question I've been asking myself since the early 2000's. Good shit buddy. Let's see more of these random fact videos.
This is why I love Nexpo, he asks the real important questions.
I’ve never even realized that it was a sonic noise. I don’t know why
I really enjoyed this! I love your channel for your scary content, and this was a good change of pace! If you did these kinda of things every so often spaced out between your regular spooky scary stuff, I wouldn't mind!
Honestly would love to see more of this mini-mystery stuff.
*scans item*  THERES NOT ENOUGH MEMORY IN THE MEMORY CARD
New series: The Best of Obscure Knowledge, Sunday nights with Nexpo. 🤩👍
Nexpo, my man!! (Idk why I called you that you talked to me once on twitter when I said I was introduced to you by Local 58) I love your videos!! It’s nice to figure out a reason as to why there was the sonic ring effect, even if it isn’t THE reason lol. Simple and short, like my attention span-
One time the sound played and I actually jumped, I didn't expect a sound from the game I just played a few minutes beforehand.
This is almost a troll.
there is a gas station near where i live that not only plays the sonic ring pick up sound everytime you open the door, they also have pictures of sonic rings on their electric sign
a video i never knew i needed until now
That Donkey Kong music tho! 😍
"I just wanted to get a monster...". Nexpo irony. The real scare is in the ingredients. Have you ever read them?  That S ingredient. The harmless sweetner.  Hmm what is it?  What is made from?  What is it doing to some of your favorite body parts?  Try researching that.
Like these mini videos 👍🏼
Love the Donkey Kong Country music, actually brought me back to the SNES days
Wtf I was just thinking about this but I didn't get further than some random dead end forum posts.
As long as these don't get in the way of your research for you spooky videos sure keep em coming!
I like that you're as weird as I...I mean we are
I hear this at trader joes
Wwg1wga
But they dont sound like that Anywhere i been.
wait why have i never noticed this
My fridge makes that noise when it’s open too long, this made me check who made it, and I’ll be damned!
Copyright
Yeah when I go to places I always hear the ring collecting noise
What i like is the small touches you add.  Like the short intro and stuff like that.
Wait I never paid attention to it but I’ve definitely heard that
Ahhh yes one of my 2 favorite things together  Sonic and Nexpo
So I wasn't the only one who heard those...
Any video that uses the REmake save room music gets a like from me
Love the vids keep em up
I really like this type of videos, they may be short but they are fun
never heard it once at a gas station
Oh my god I thought I was going crazy. Everytime someone has a winning lotto ticket verified it has the ring sound.
I've never heard of gas stations using sonic effects before lmao
That's nice and all, but it's a bit unnecessarily ominous :D
“Let’s go back to 1975 when cars drove into fields”
THANK YOU. I'VE WONDERED THIS SINCE I WAS YOUNGER.
I have never heard this at a gas station.
Is it just me or has anyone else never heard this before in gas stations ?? Maybe it’s cause I live in Florida or maybe I’m so used to it I don’t notice it ?
I mentioned that at a few of these places and the clerk looked at me like I was an alien.  The fuck...how do people not know that sound effect?
DUDE I JUST SAW THIS VIDEO I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE, but I think we are one and the same, no meme, I thought I was the ONLY one you cared.
The "Sonic" sound effect is just a generic copyright-less sound like most of those from Doom.
As an Aussie I didn't realise this was a thing, even having watched a lot of US movies/TV. The first time I heard it was a few weeks ago in one of the Netflix Unexplained Mysteries episodes where they were interviewing a guy in a gas station. I just figured a customer was playing Sonic off camera.
I for one welcome these one off style videos, simply because I want more Nexpo content.
Donkey Kong Country Aquatic Ambiance
i- I've never heard the sonic sound effect at cash registers...👁️👄👁️...
LMAO IVE BEEN WONDERING ABOUT THIS FOR SO LONG
adam sessler with hair was the most disturbing thing from this video
Always wondered why they had sonic sound effects
Dude yes, I have been wondering this too. Why do I hear the sonic ring collecting sound
I swear to god i hear this in every gas station i go to
I've always wondered that
I knew it, the gas station corporations are hiding Sonic and his friends! That means Eggman is real and owns the corporations and stations!
So you're tom scott?
I love these sort of one off sleuths that investigate something nobody has ever really given thought to. Coincidentally, I had the same question and did some research myself some time ago. Apparently Sammy actually licensed out Sega properties to Chinese manufacturers since their Pachinko business wasn't doing nearly as well as it used to. Anyways, I hope to see some more of these in the future man!
BRUH I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT
nexpo: i love you all...  me: 👁👄👁  nexpo:.... and goodnight   me: —👄—
Sonic has passed
Nexpo the type of guy who's gotta go fast gotta go fast gotta go fast.
i love your voice nexpo...no homo 😳
I feel like I have crossed over into a different dimension bc I have never heard of this before
I love this guys uploads, he’s an actual consistent uploader that I love seeing on my suggested
I know exactly what you're talking about. I've heard it so many times but never stopped to think about why the ring sound effect is always used at cash registers.
Pre watching thoughts: to make you feel nostalgic and appreciate the store, making you shop there more.
the gas station around the corner from me uses this and it's the only one i've ever heard using this, so I always kinda wondered. that sure is one mystery that got solved.
No more room in hell?
I used to work at a gas station that used the old gilbarco systems
Foreal though why haven't I ever noticed that 😱😱😱
This is making me think of Sammy classic sonic fan
I’m so confused... cash registers in gas stations actually used this sound? I’ve never heard of this...
_The only mystery that matters._
Your music from the intro makes my brain remember all the nightmares i got from watching ur vids, it messes with me that this one is not scary at all..
This is interesting since there's no cash register with the same brand in where I live. I wish I could see it myself.
You know this is a nice change of pace
hmm yes 11pm and i see this, the true horror content
God this always bothered me
Liked the short form 👍
wow
I live in Australia and have never heard this sound from any register ever but you bet I clicked as soon as I saw the notification still haha
We could just be in a Sonic video games eventual evolution...🤔 or what nexpo said...🤣
Where does this happen?! Ive lived across all of the west US coast and have never heard this before. Can anyone who has heard this on a regular say what part of the country are you from? I feel like this isn't something that happens on the west side but I want to know for sure.
Now that you did this you need to talk about how the sounds on target employees walkie talkies sound like the battle bus Horn
Right. I heard that and was like what the heck is that ring noise doing here? The employee just laughed.
I mean, you could have just probably emailed the company.
the scariest part of this video was at 0:22 when i was drinking the exact same flavor of vitamin water that was scanned
I recently got a job at a gas station but sadly the registers don't have any Sonic sound effects
Fuck, it's 11 and I'm going into the wormhole of theorys and shit... wish the best!
I  thought i wasw crazy!
I didn't know I'd want to watch something like this, but that was genuinely interesting. More, please!
Because
Didn’t know till this video
Being a Sonic fangirl, this has always caught my attention.
Nexpo, just wanted to let you know that whenever you upload, my girlfriend and I get so pumped to see what topic you've covered. Don't ever stop my man!
I've always wondered this!
Love this style of video. Also some of those patreon names are great, favourite has to be “Kelp Pill”.
0:42 nuthenn
Finally *somebody* decided to talk about it
As a kid who was and still is a huge Sonic fan and who's dad worked at a gas station, I thank you. This mystery always lingered in the back of my mind
That was awesome, I love knowledge like this... if for nothing more than to see the "why do you know this?" look on peoples faces when I pass the knowledge along... found you a week ago and this got my sub
I actually talked to a cashier at the gas station near my house. I asked her about the noise and she laughed, telling me that the register didn't always make that sound- apperently the old beeping was far more annoying. This makes me think it's in the OS for the register, though I never got a look at the model at my store
this is the most wholesome mystery video I've heard like ever, thank you :) :3
I’ve been secretly wondering this for years and forgot about it until I saw the thumbnail
Now you need to figure out why there are so many Mattress Firms
Wow... I've heard the sound effect often but never connected the 2 in my head somehow even though I know the sound. Maybe it was the combination of not playing sonic in years upon years and the odd context of the sound that threw me off. Like I would've never thought the gas station check out was using sonic sound effects so it never clicked that that's what it was. But as soon as I read the title I realized it. That's so weird. I feel dumb lol
I was legit think this last nigth went I went to my local gas station!
Thats so weird i use that bad boy at work and yes it does collect coins
I'm guessing its just in the states? Never heard it in Canada (which i'm kinda sad about lol)
THATS WHY ITS CALLED SEGASAMMY? I thought SuperSammySonic fan or whatever his name is just took over sega one day lmao.
oh my god that sound has always been so familiar but i never put two and two together? i feel so galaxy brain rn
You can't copyright a single sound, only songs or melody
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW!!!! thank you so much 😄😄😄
finally i was wondering when someone would cover this
I work at a convenience store in Vegas. I always assumed the "Sonic sound" was supposed to be a slot machine, and the similarity was a coincidence. I never thought about that sound being used elsewhere.
Don't remember if it was Target or Walmart but I do remember hearing the Super Mario World coin collection sound at one of those stores.
All this time I recognized that sound, but just assumed it was a coincidence.
3:33 passport "P.O.S." software. Sounds shitty
dude what this sound is literally at the register at the gas station me and my dad would go to and i was wondering about the sound literal days ago nexpo are you stalking me
Yeah these videos are rad dude 💕💕💕
Dude finally someone acknowledged this. Nobody ever had any idea what I was talking about when I mentioned it was the Sonic ring sound effect. 😂
Why stay with the creepy voice though?
I love this little bite sized Nexpo format. Gimme more!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH I have been wondering this for YEARS!!
It’s kind of annoying how you refuse to fully pronounce gerunds.
I think it’s a case of companies using pre existing sounds. Just like how the willhelm scream is used in multiple movies and games, it’s plausible the same thing happened to cash registers and the sonic franchise
That’s where smammyclassicsonicfan got his name from
There's a whole section of YouTube that loves videos about why random crap is how it is.
Now this is Horror.
Oh my god I'm so glad someone else has heard this I thought I was just going nuts
I've only been to a gas station that had these sound effects only once about two years ago, and when I heard that I actually thought to myself if the place got robbed would make the sound when sonic loses rings.
I wanna make my register do the "oof" sound effect
Hi
I worked for a gas station that upgraded to these machines that used this sound effect. When I took a phone call (side job) and the lady heard the sound affect she said "are you playing sound haha"
I don’t think I’d ever heard it until the other day and I thought it was someone’s phone haha
I think I've heard this shit like 1000 times and I feel blessed
This seems like a Nick Robinson video minus the trip to Japan
Now I have to check what brand my library uses for check out, they have the same sound effects
i feel like the odd man out the station i work at doesn't use this sound
I really like this thank you!
ngl i wonder if the cashiers thot it was fishy when u asked them what brand of register they used...
Killed it with the underwater music
i literally looked this up the day before  this video.
omg i thought it was the timewise where i lived was the only one
Is this video a joke I’m confused
oh i LOVE these, i always thought they were similar but they're the same fucking sound LMAO
Dude, you’re an absolute legend for this, this has been boggling my mind for as long as I can remember
GOTTA GET GAS
i could fall asleep to that intro song
love it, also when is the next episode of "creepy things around the internet"
Sonic Is actually inside of the register, trying to take your Coins, and if you don't pay.. oh boy, if you don't pay...
Out of all the topics, I didn't see this one coming. I've noticed this too
They are SEGA.
i would love to see more of this if it means i can see more uploads from you so please!! make more!
Thiiiis is a second channel kinda thing lol
oh man I'm glad you included the clip cus I haven't played any sonic games, and I've heard that sound at gas stations and never really thought much about it.
I’m loving the intro!
I've been binge watching all your uploads and for you to upload today makes it better <333
I haven't really gotten too far into the video yet, but I have never heard (or at least, consciously registered hearing) a cash register making a Sonic noise. Very interesting
This is one of those incredibly mundane things that I'm just happy to know.
Thank you so much Nexpo for answering one of my most mysterious questions ever.
I never actually noticed it until you said something
I never noticed this before lmao
Please do more of these short format videos between videos. You are the man Ryan!
I saw the thumbnail and was immediately reminded of the one convenience store i went to with this sound years ago.
I didn't realize that sound was from sonic till just now, and I worked at a convenience store back when I was in college.
Ehhhhh
I don’t remember subbing but not complaining
Woah, I've always heard this sound but for some reason I never realized it was the same one from sonic. It just never connected with me for some reason. And I was a cashier lol
Why is the nights watch horn for game of thrones used in the disney movie Moana?
I am more frequently hearing Resident Evil 2 inventory noises.
Aquatic Ambience
Ive actually heard a few of these in my life time, but because I never really played Sonic in my life I never put the two together. Funnily enough hearing it again clicked with me for some reason. This was such a cute lil mystery and such a weird way to discover that I wasnt freaking nuts.
What country/state are y'all from? I work at and frequent many gas station and convenient stores, never have I heard the sonic briiing. Only the one ding.
Why is the Mario sound effect used at speedway?
1:17 Sammy? That frickin frick...
at first I was thinking what the hell are you talking about when I read the title.  but Ive heard it too and wondered
Ive... Never heard this???? Maybebi just dont notice but i know as a fact that my local gas stations dont so this
I once asked thw clerk about that and we both thought that was odd because like all of you we have always wondered why a random sonic sound effect has anything to do with a cash register
I heard that sound at a local domino's and it made me do a double take.
You question this and not the use of Windows XP's suspend/resume sounds on card readers
YES! Finally someone else noticed!!!
Been watching for over a year now. Definitely prefer your longer content. This just felt like a tease
It sometimes makes the sound of NES Mario jumping when I fart, but you don't see me making a video about it..
Sometimes its fun to hear that sound and get to talk Sonic with someone
This is your scariest video yet.
These little snippet videos are dope its good to have something in between the bigger productions you make.
The "Sonic Ring Sound", the sound which has destroyed worlds, has been contained within a fool's machine.
As someone that worked at a gas station with one of these systems, it is absurdly pleasing to know the reasoning behind the sound effect. I noticed it the first time I used the system and it’s been bothering me ever since. I believe the system also makes a displeased laser tag noise, but I can’t remember what triggers it. Either way, thank you for solving that mystery!
I've never heard this before at any gas station???
the pause after “i love you all” lmao that one guy was heated
dang I can finally rest easy knowing that the mystery behind the cult led by the screaming sonic kid is solved.   can’t believe how dark the truth is though 😔✊
0:46 who tf  goes to the store to buys that small slice of bread or cheese. That shit is as flat as my ass
"Sonic and Gas Stations"  Me, immediately: "YES PLEASE EXPLAIN"
The tone still feels dark
I wondered about this
Yeah I thought I was truly the only one that heard that familiar bling jingle, somewhere near a park is a gas station that had that one sound effect and I thought it was a major coincidence... I actually feel like asking those that carry the sound effects of the blue blur if I encounter once more.
The only store in my area that used it(that I remember) was called Speedee Mart, so I thought it was intentional.
On this episode of Nexpo's Obsessed Ramblings...jk I love these
Strangest things around the internet. When next vid??
Kinda refreshing to see a much shorter video and one that isn't (hot take) kind of a ripoff of mamamax's style since you kinda inspired by him. IDK what that last point was, but again, kinda refreshing to see a much shorter, less dark vid.
This was retarted
I have never heard a cash register make the sonic noise
Next mystery. Who snagged that one Coors Light out of that 6 pack at the end? Was it ghosts? Was it a guy in a mask keeping people chained in an old trolley factory?
I was really hoping that there was some sort of nefarious subliminal (Pavlovian) reason for having to hear that annoying ass sound. I hated Sonic growing up, so when I hear it I can’t get out of the store fast enough!
Weird, never had this happen to me.
could be a free sound effect like dooms door noise
I never heard this in my life outside of sonic relateed things.
This is the first time I heard of gas stations using sonic sound effects
Finally, somebody answering the hard hitting questions.
Huh? Is this an america thing? I've never heard of this.
Holy shit- I’ve heard this in almost every gas station but would have gone on with my life without searching out the answer to why. Thanks for making this video man.
Quarantine got us thinking about the real questions
Tech is taking over everything, include the acronym POS
*GoTtA gO fAsT!*
So Gilbarco Veeder-Root is responsible for turning the frogs gay?
Hi, yes. Uh... is this an out of season April Fools joke?
I had no idea this was a thing. The more you know
Both of our spooky senpais uploading on the same day again?  We truly are blessed by the Gods of Spoop  🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉
I wish the registers at Walmart played Sonic sound effects, that would make work so much better
Wait, but I had never heard this, if I did I would had recognized it especially since I am not from the us.
Oh my God I forgot I still haven't beaten resident evil. That song is such a relief it jogged my memory. Thanks nexpo. I got some more ink ribbon to collect.
I think they (Sega) did this (either by licensing or something) like a way to remind people of the game and to get the people to play it again
I was on my way home to michigan and stopped at an Illinois gas station and bought some snacks and i was so confused why I kept hearing it and thought I was going crazy
where the hell do you live where gas stations use sonic sound effects?
Still waiting on the next 'scary' upload 👀
can’t wait for the next video
i read the title and was like "huh interesting" but then I saw it was made by nexpo and then I was like "oh no..."
I never even realized this sound in the gas stations until now
I was asking my mom this exact quest like a day or two ago after re-watching the Sonic The Hedgehog Movie, then BOOM, outta nowhere you make this video.
nexpos voice is the most calming thing in the world even when he talks about how gas stations use sonic sound effects
my elementary school library used sonic ring sound effect if your book successfully checked out
Dude I knew that sound was familiar but I could never place it!
Nexpo has the highest production quality among all the youtube channels I watch.  And I watch a lot of youtube.
Now you need to answer why most department stores play the same music nowadays.
Like an artist to their horror art, sometime creating sunny rainbow fine. I like this anyway
Imagine your working a late shift and a random man comes in inquiring about your cash register
I've never seen anyone mention this i thought I was crazy
Sega makes those machines, don't they?
Oh my god I'm so glad someone finally decided to cover this.
I FUCKING KNEW IT WAS SONIC THE HEDGEHOG
Ah thanks for this Nexpo I needed something to take my mind off things. My life has been turned upside down. First I was feeling stressed from things happening in my life then my Girlfriend breaks up with me out of nowhere for no apparent reason other than she got a little bit of feelings back for her douchebag ex that dumped her a long time ago. Apparently even after all the love and support I gave her during a dark time in her life and even though I helped her and made her become a better person, nah she just throws me away like worthless trash. Can’t even stay as a friend to talk to just leaves. I loved her unconditionally more than anything she was the most important person in my life and now she’s gone. After that things just spiraled straight down and more and more problems just keep coming and I have nothing or nobody to help cushion me I’m just left in a fallen vulnerable state and everyone looks down on me. I’ve always been alone and I’ve always had depression and negative, at times, suicidal thoughts but they disappeared once she came into my life and I saw the light and now they’re back and they’re amplified at full force and I’m just left thinking, “Damn I really hate life”. All I have is YouTube and video games to distract me. It’s not working very well but it’s something and all I’ve really got. So thank for this video Nexpo.
I love you 👁️👄👁️
Tonight in the night
Thanks for answering this, I noticed it too and was wondering if I had really heard what I did!
I never thought about that before but now it's on my mind haha
inb4 this is actually a deep long running mind control experiment conspiracy that is closely related to a lunatic cult controlling superpower governments since WWI
I'd that ds1 character creation music? Or re1 character selection?
First
That Donkey kong underwater music is just pure aesthetic
It really is nothing - well it's something to me
I love these short general interest pieces!
why was i still on edge this whole video...
Please do more one-offs. They’re great!
Sonic keeps the gas station workers captive, and they try to hint to you that a giant blue hedgehog is hidden, threatening their lives
How about that weird noise u hear in school and they say its the little box on the ceiling with the blue light but that never where it comes from
I always just assumed that it was a preexisting stock sound effect that I only recognized as the ring sound, but this is a way more interesting explanation
Loved it Nexpo :)
Holy shit. I heard the Sonic ring sound affect at a gas station years ago with my sister and pointed it to her.
My wife and I liked this quite a bit! You should do more of them!
I first heard it at some rest stop in Wyoming. It was very interesting to hear.
this is sweet its just so chill
I liked it.
Just name this mini-series "Why?" 10/10 would watch.
I eat seals
Not even just small gas stations.. the Target by my house has self checkouts that make this sound.
i remember going to like a gas station shop to get a 2 liter of pepsi bc the pizza guy forgot it and hearing that noise at check out, and i legit thought nothing of it
Another great video
I'm shaking
i remember the last time i visited my home-towns gas station i heard this noise while buying some hot cheetos, i told my mom "hold on, i think i heard the sonic ring noise" then they scanned a mtn dew bottle and i heard it again. i thought it only happened at that specific gas station, who knew? xD
Finally, true journalism.   In all seriousness, I only remember this occurring at a single store. It was an old, run-down Shell store my dad and I stopped at in the not-the-fanciest part of town. At the time I just assumed it was some kind of bootleg, but apparently its a bit more widespread (and probably more legitimate) than I thought.
It’s trippy having never heard this happen in real life, but I really wish I had. That would be sweet 😂
It’s trippy having never heard this happen in real life, but I really wish I had. That would be sweet 😂
Is the music from the video from Donkey Kong?
I like random rabbit holes, so I'd be down to see more, even if I had to make sure I want watching an April's fools video after the intro
No, Sonic's just got his rings trapped in there and the cashier is trying to help him get them out
i love it nexpo .
Great now I need to listen to the donkey Kong country OST
It’s just a stock sound effect that was free to use for both the developers of the game and others who want to use it (gas stations, for instance).
Probably some cult doing this
I love your content. Keep up the amazing work!
Good job on the video dude, keep it up
ive only noticed this in one store, is it really that common?
Dude, Ryan, after being outside in this 105 degree Texas heat for almost entire day yesterday, I've spent the entire day today doing absolutely nothing and being a complete couch potato. The cherry on top of my laziness Sunday was this unexpected video. Thank you, kind sir.
MOM STFU NEXPO UPLOADED
I mostly hear this when i go to gas stations in California
"Fucking excuse me??" - Australian.
Awesome job! I'd like to see this turned into a series!
"Let me take you back to 1975"       DANKEY KANG
This makes me want to find a gas station that has this sound.
Holy fuck I hear this constantly and have never put 2 and 2 together. I knew it sounded familiar but couldnt figure out why.
I work at a chevron and I’be gotten so used to the sound that when my brother plays sonic I just think of work 😕
This video had such a creepy vibe to it but it was nothing scary at all
I was waiting for the "It's a cult" part
New intro who dis
yes
God I've been wondering about this for YEARS.
I've never known I wanted to know the answer to this question until now.
Dude, I binge  watched your entire Disturbing Stuff on Internet series today when I was cooking and cleaning and you uploaded again just today before I was heading to bed! Your content is top notch Nexpo, please keep up the amazing work and expose the dark, unsettling, even disgusting things that happen in this world!
I didnt even know other people had noticed, thought it was only me.
THIS IS THE REAL QUESTION
yoooooooooo i thought i was the only one
Great video  a deserved break from your exciting and very time consuming videos. Not a bad thing btw just help waste time whilst at home ❤️
My question has been answers after 17 year of living has been answered THANK YOU
That's hilarious. It IS the sonic sound effect lmaao
Nexpo, answering the questions we've all been asking
Look where the greed has lead you SEGA! every time the ring sound chimes you get an extra 5% on there pay....
I honestly thought this just happened at the one locally-owned gas station at the end of our road that did this. No other gas stations I've been to do this, just the one.   Good to know it's not just the one 😅 haha.
I’m so glad I’m not the only one who’s noticed this. I was starting to thing I was going crazy.
I bet those cashiers thought you were preparing to rob them when you asked the register brand.
HOLY SHIT. I never made this connection. My life is altered.
This seems really unresolved and idk, short? Perhaps you could have reached out to a sega representative.
LOL this has always bothered me, never dreamed that nexpo of all people would address it. 10/10
please never change your intro music
Very cool, nexpo, thank you
g2g fast
i am literally obsessed with sonic, so this is like such a weird concept to me. thanks for making this :3
Not enough cash, Stranger! Ahhh, thank you! What're you buying? Stranger, stranger... now THAT'S a weapon! Come back anytime...
What the hell, is this a thing in America? I'm sorry but if this was a thing where I live I'd never be able to let it go.
I work at a chevron and I work tonight, so now all I’ll be thinking about is the sonic sound lmao
I was in a gas station that did this a couple days ago 👀
i thought this was a shitpost
wait- i have been thinking about this for like 3 months now wtf
I'd *love* to see another one of these kind of videos my man
That sound effect came before sonic.C'mon we still use the Willhelm scream.
I definitely like this kind of content! It doesn’t have to be scary, a lot of what I enjoy from you are interesting mysteries like this
Huh, I remember I was at a gas station during a road trip once and I heard a Sonic ring sound coming from the front of the store. It confused the hell out of me lmao. Glad to know I wasn't going crazy!
or thay want sonic to notice them...
I knew I recognized the sound from somewhere I can't believe I was so dumb to not realize until now
I legit never noticed consciously but once you played the clip a bunch of subconscious memories came forth.
Good night to you too!
uh, you gotta go fast
I KNEW IT WAS THE SONIC RIG!!!! I THOUGHT I WAS TRIPPIN AS A KID
7 minutes to 4am, I neeeeed to be somewhere today  Please stop doing this to me
I was totally expecting the software to be provided from some illegal third party developer from Russia called Robotnik Retail Technologies
I have waited YEARS for this answer. Every fucking convenience store near me uses it.
"Moar MOAR!" - Joker (P5R)
I need frequent 30 min episodes ty
I loved it nexpo! Different but awesome.
Now this is a question that has dawned me ever since I first heard it with my own ears....the Sonic Ring sound effect in Gas Stations.....
31 minute gang where you at?!
Wait so this isn't just my area with this
please never get rid of that intro music. love your content.
Makes alot of sense, the SEGA brand is used on some odd stuff. I've got a star projector system produced by them. I dont hear it as often from stores around me but I have heard it but I always assumed it was a bootleg. Its usually the lower end/independent gas stations i hear it at so i assumed it was a similar thing to Chinese restaurants which all have the exact same stuff. That's an interesting topic to look into. Seriously I've worked at over 7 Chinese takeout restaurants and they are IDENTICAL, they all order from the same company, its crazy
As a Briton this is weird as hell to me
lmao, man I have never noticed that haha, I hear it almost everyday before work. Nuts. Also love those game ost's you used, very nice touch.
Add this to the file "Why do I know this fact?" in my mental storage of random facts.
Bro it is 5 am why u gotta upload now I have to pull an all nighter it's ok though I'll watch all ur vids lmao
I'm really enjoying your more frequent uploads, keep up the good work my guy!
Bless this post🔥
Wait mine wasn't the only one?
When I used to get doughnuts with my family at the gas station, I always thought it was just me, like "Hey that sounds a lot like the Sonic ring sound!" and I'd move on. Now I know I'm not crazy.
Is this a followup to your Randonautica video's gas station "cult?"  Maybe Sonic is the head of the cult.
Wait, this isn’t the horrific and depressing content I’m used to.
Finally, someone is addressing this question.
Oh this reminds me of a time I was at a restaurant, I heard the ring collecting sound effect and my brother pointed it out. We just shrugged it out as someone playing a sonic game on their phones but the sound would never stop. Mystery solved, I guess
Y'know what's weird   I actually went to a gas station yesterday that had something like that and then today this video shows up weird
This isn't a thing in Ireland
I've always heard about this, and to this day have never come across it in person. Either way, it's disappointing that these machines don't use "WISE FWOM YOUR GWAVE!" instead of the Sonic chime.
Wow 1k comments we are real fans 😗✌️
I'm a simple man. I see Nexpo I click. Great video as always my man. We all appreciate the hard work.
I've wondered this since I was like 6! Everyone told me it was a stupid question! At least SOMEONE is looking into this! Investigative journalism at its finest!
I worked at circle k for a while and I got war flashbacks from hearing these sounds
Hey, my old job that I just got fired from in CT had this sound for ringing people up... Also fuck Native American owned casinos for being able to create their own laws independent of the state and making their employees either risk dying or get fired...
Maybe the sonic noise is a regional thing? I've never heard it before and it sounds like several others haven't as well
Nexpo out here solving the questions we don't ask, but desperately need the answer to.
nice
That intro sequence is great.
i remember hearing a ring sound come from a cash register and it was surreal for me
I love your videos
Love your content and I'd like seeing more like this
Is it weird that a video about sonic sound effects made me want to play donkey Kong country?
i know a gas station where they use The Coin sound from mario it's a 7 eleven.
FINALLY SOMEONE SAID IT
I thought I had dreamed being in a gas station and hearing Sonic noises multiple times as I've never heard anyone mention it before. The title brought all those memories back.
And if the Store Clerk hears the Chaos Emerald sound effect he immediately informs the Costumer that its "not a winner" and quits his job the next day. $$$
never heard a sonic sound at the gas station..sorry
. . A̵͖̦͍̘̞̋͒̈́̈́͌͒̎̂́̊h̵͓͎̱̦̫̟̥͍̞̐͂͐̿̆͘͘͘ y̴̨̩̞̞̩̰͉͔̩̘̑̀̾̔̃̀̅̏́͘ę̷͈̥̖̯͖̹̩͈̻̅́͂̑̿͠s̛̙̮̼͉̭͚̗͑̐̔̒̄̍̎̀̚,̵̢̘̘͎͙̱̗̂̐̇̀̊̌ f̧̨̢͔̝̠͈̱̉̀̉̆̓͒͂͠ a̴̢̛̳̳͎̟̜͈̽̋͂́͜͠ ş͇͍̳͓͙͖̤̓̏̓̾̄̕͘͢͞͡͡ ẗ̶͈̤̬̼̞͎̳̩̘́͑̓̎͛͒̐͊͟͡  . .
Often wondered why i would hear that sound after a purchase. Recognized the sound from playing sonic when i was younger.
Yeah I've encountered this shit before!
Damn and I thought I was the only one wondering about this stuff
These are great.
IM SO GLAD SOMEONE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT THIS
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED
Do more of these, they're informative and easier to digest when you don't have 40 mins or so to sit down for a vid. I'd love these next to your original uploads if you have the time ofcourse.
FINALLY SOMEONE ELSE NOTICED IT!  But it's not just cash registers, a somewhat rural general store in my state has the ring sound effect as the entrance sound for it's door.
Some stations I go to have the PS1 Rugrats item collect sound.
1 thousandth comment
This is so fucking scary
The sound in question is using a simple saw wave one of the most basic waveforms for a computer system to make. so this was a common sound computers would make . look at early video games such as sonic and other Nintendo games they all use the same analog saw/sin wave sound. This is because audio processing chips were not advanced enough to synthesize complex waveforms . So that explains the actual sound. But what about the notes? Well the notes are E G C played in an ascending arpeggio. The thing is that these notes are actually the second inversion of the c major triad the most common chord in music. Do I think this has anything to do with sonic? Unfortunately , no I just think that due to the outdated technology and the common use of the c major triad an amazing coincidence was created
I've never heard that sound come out of a cash register lol
Dude! I did a double take last year at a gas station when I heard the ring sound and the woman working there thought I was crazy when I asked.
I know Sirus XM uses sonic sound effects for its 90's station
I thought it was just me holy shit
Unexpected but *highly* appreciated
Simple reason:  Cars like to go fast. Sonic likes to go fast. Gas stations sell chili for nachos, and hot dogs. Sonic likes chili dogs. Gas stations sell gas. Cars like gas.
well that was random and interestin.   ;3
I see u made us wait a minute for the Goodnight 🤣 but we love u too! Goodnight! ❤️
Everyone in the comments is like "wow i never thought about this. I've never heard the sound. What an obscure question to answer." and i'm like "I HAVE BEEN WAITING! FINALLY THE ANSWER TO MY BURNING QUESTION THIS BUGS ME EVERY FRIGGIN TIME I"M AT THE GAS STATION.
This is the random trivia I love and look for in my average monotonous life. It has no affect on me as a person but it's nice to get down to the reason it's there.
they went on sound effects dot com or something like that, searched for anything gold/money sounding, found the ring sound effect, and went like "yeah, that's good enough"
IVE HEARD THIS ALL THE TIME AS A KID AND NOE THAT IM DRIVING AND USING GAS STATIONS MORE AND ONLY RECENTLY THOUGHT "why?"
what if sonic ripped of the sound effect. maybe they brought a mic into a gas station ahha
Omg I always knew that sound sounded familiar
I'm in true terror, I'm shitting so hard
i think this is an american thing ngl
Aquatic Ambience <3 love your choices of music, Nexpo!
If you watch the YT channel called, "Gas Station Encounters", you'll hear the sound effect a lot. When I visited Virginia from Indiana, I remember a Marathon gas station used that sound effect. I've yet to hear it from any convenience store in Indiana.
I enjoyed this so much
I've always wondered why this was ever since I was a kid. Like "isn't that the sonic ring?"
You a real DK country fan eh? Noticed you played a song in your las video too.. cultured
Well, that was a thing.
This has been haunting me for years you're the hero we all needed
For those wondering what convenience stores you might hear this in Circle K, RaceTrac/RaceWay, and Shell are some of them a long with the numerous mom & pop gas stations.
when i saw the title i was shocked. i thought it was just my random small town that i grew up in within canada. crazy that this is so widespread.
FINALLY SOMEONE TALKS ABOUT THIS!
I used to hear it all the time at wawa stores
It’s a blessing when I randomly think of your channel and I come back to a brand new video 🙏🏼
(Before I watch) This started at my local gas station when I was 17 and is still going. Oh by the way that was 2010.
Never clicked so fast!! This has always interested me
Like these. Nice to see you uploading at night. :P  Never heard those sounds, as I live in Germany, however this is actually really damn interesting.
Anyone else notice the resident evil save room music?
Yooo I forgot about the sound, always wondered about this
YES. I have wondered this for soooo long.
It feels like he has been here for ages but it’s only three years
Ive never heard this before anywhere
You solving minor mysteries I think is a pretty good idea
Cool video! I love the new intro and I’m glad that the original music has been kept!
Now THAT was spooky!
after years of wondering I finally know why I occasionally hear this noise while on the road with my family
FINALLY SOMEBODY MAKES A VIDEO ABOUT THIS AAAAAAAAHHHHHH
I know its a lot more work but I REALLY liked the longer mystery episodes you used to do like the hotel room one or the one about the army guy and the bullets (sorry, can't remember the episode names off the top). They were super interesting but also creepy/haunting. Do you need content ideas? I think you also did some collaborations that were super fire. These are cute but those were deep and extremely well done. Maybe contact Steve @ Howtohunt for some ideas. Anyway, your shit is great. Thanks.
I HAVE NOTICED THIS TOO WTF?!
Very kool
I don't know how but Nexpo makes a simple and weird question into a terrifying mystery
I have to say Goodnight back so Goodnight Nexpo Thanks for this mystery I was not aware of.
At least in my area, I don’t hear the sonic ding in the larger chain-type convenience stores
I heard one gas station using the Mario coin sound effect some years back. Fucking spooky shit, I guess?
when i was on a road trip a year ago i noticed this in a gas station and i was so caught off guard and confused!!! i had no idea it was a wide-spread thing. fascinating
Nexpo: Makes video about the end of the world on September 5th. Also Nexpo: Makes video why cash register makes funny sonic noise.
its the sound of an old time bell
I have also heard other sound effects, like the mario jump sound, and like a pewpew sound. I assumed whoever chose the sound just stole it. It's probably only that 8-bit format sound bite, so they took the catchiest, most popular sounding "ching" they could thing of. Something that would unintentionally make people feel happy when they heard it, because people making the cash register what to trick people into feeling good when they are spending money. (not necessarily  in a malicious sense, just a marketing sense. Lots of little tricks like this come up in graphic design for marketing. its kind of interesting haha)
Not saying this is what you heard, but sometimes what you're actually hearing is the latch and spring mechanism when it opens. It causes the change and internal pieces to jingle and gives you a very similar sound if you aren't paying attention.  Most places use radiant systems these days because of the user friendly, touch screen interface. I've had customers ask me about the sound effect. We don't have one haha! I have used the point of sales systems from that company, but never heard it. But each business can pay to have customizations done to the user interface. So it's hard to tell, really. But I bet you'll get to the bottom of it. You always do.
I LOVE YOU NEXPO!!!!!!!!!!!!
i feel left out... i have never heard this
I use the rings sf as my notification sound
I wish mine did that
I like to touch
I never put 2 in 2 together lol
I want to hear it
When I first heard the sound from a cash register, I was wondering why, I now I know!
I have never watched a single video of yours in my entire life so I don't know why youtube decided to recommend me this one but this is a very interesting question that I never really thought of until now so thank youtube and thank you uploader.
This is one of your best ones for sure so well done!
Wait what? This is more widespread than just the couple pissant stores I've been to in the Adirondacks??
Because they food they have isn’t really fast...    *It’s-gotta-go-fast food*
Yea, I always wondered about that
Is this a prank video? I've been to a lot of convenience stores and never heard it.
I would hear that ring sound effect from time to time and always thought it was someone’s ringtone. But now that I think of it, this only occurred at modern gas stations. MIND BLOWN!!!!
I been to gas stations for a long time and just noticed the similarities of the Cash register and the Sonic Ring sound, it's crazy how that sound went over my head
Nexpo: I love you all. Me: (: Nexpo: ... Me: ): Nexpo: And goodnight. Me: (':
I've never noticed
Does Sonic count as a gas station?  Does Sonic use Sonic sound effects?  *I WANT ANSWERS, DAMMIT.*
>tfw knew the answer already Thank you /v/.
See most of us here played sonic as kids and when you hear the sonic sound it active our subconscious that we are getting rewarded for spending money and will return to the store for more stuff. (I’m definitely not explaining my thoughts right here so sorry if it sounds confusing)
Bruh what which sound effects? I didnt even know this was a thing. Imagine the boing sfx playing whenever you lift the gas pump off
From breaking up child porn rings, to the history of gas station chimes...  Safe to say you've cashed your check through the pearly gates and now kicking back?
I’ve had this question for every single one of my cashiers and they all just tell me to fuck off
ive never heard about this
You damn know what time it is? Grab a drink and a snack, it's Nexpo time.
This is bizarre! I never heard this at a store until this morning and now I see you upload this!
I didn't notice it until I started using the same sound for my text messages. It's at almost every gas station in Maine.
Bro I never thought about it now we are answering the real questions here
Yes
Bruh that shit haunts me every night
Thank you for answering my question
Cuz theyre cool
Nexpo, I dig the new Intro. Also dope vid. always wanted to know about the sonic noise and gas stations.
BUT WHY DID THE SOUND ONLY HAPPEN ONCE AT THE BEGINNING IM PINING FOR IT
I've never heard it(probably because I never buy stuff at gas station)but it's good to know
I work at a gas station! I've been so damn curious about why we use these sound effects, it feels almost like you made this video just for me. Thanks man!
I remember there was a car wash that I went to and before entering it would play a song that sounded like it was from Zelda
I rarely leave my home, plus I live in Canada, so I never knew this was a thing until now
Oh those? I hear those at my local Mobil.
Legit I thought this was a Memphis thing
Yes. I HAVE wondered that!
To be fair, I never asked, but glad I know.
I first noticed this around 2009...2010.    You pull the weird shit I question in life out of my head then make videos about them.
Hi, I'm here early!! lol
The usual terror i feel from watching a video of yours has still set in...even though it's nothing to be scared about...right? Right nexpo...the sonic sound effect isnt going to manifest in my room tonight and murder me...right? °-°
The new self checkout lanes at Weis use the sound from BOTW when you cook a recipe to indicate the end of the sale.
NEXI!!!!
wait omg so my gas station isnt the only one? i'm honestly so taken aback i didn't know this was a common occurrence . i just thought whoever running the place was just a sonic fan or something lol, i clicked on this so fast this felt like an epiphany
My washing machine has Mario sound effects and I'm equally puzzled by that.
Sonic sound effects AAANNDD the underwater music from DONKEY KONG COUNTRY when he goes back to 1975 @ 0:59 seconds
Huh ive never heard cash registers make that sound before. Maybe cause im in Europe
nexpo: hey how come the registers use the sonic sound effect me, having never thought about this in my entire life and suddenly caring a lot: :O
Damn just pulled up to a gas station when this video popped up
Now what I want to know is if there is one that says "Itsa me Mario!"
I don't feel so crazy anymore. I thought that was just a local thing.
I never heard of that but  *what*
Fuck that, if I had a gas station, I'd play the Sonic CD "Fun Is Infinite" theme in the background after every purchase XD
Never even realized it was a sonic noise omfg
Finally, a true mystery
i feel so dumbbbb i never realised that it does sound like sonic lmaooo
Do you have a discord? 😔
ヽ(ﾟДﾟ)ﾉ  Huh? Next time I go to the gas station I'm gonna listen for this and I swear if I hear this I'm gonna be so mad because I'll have no one to share this weird discovery with
What am I watching..
hey!! can you pleaseeeee bring back the disturbing things from around the internet?! by far my favorite series.
Oh my God this happen to me in a gas station in lake city Florida. Crazy
Keep doing these!
Just excited to see another Nexpo video haha You do you man! We’re here for it 👍🏼
Okay this is hilarious I was just watching Gas Station Encounters and always pondered about the sonic sound effect. I legit thought it was just their Gas station didn't know this was National/Global.
Yesss
so I'm not the only one, huh
When are you going to do another disturbing things from around the internet???
There is a gas station by my house, a Speed Way, that I walk by on my nightly run. It has those weird monitors on the pumps that play ads and stuff. For some reason between each segment it plays that sound. Every single night it startles me and I have been doing this run for 3 years now.
I think that Nexpo made made this up... This is too short and random of a video... His next video is going to mention how easy it is to implant false memories into someone’s head. For example, by watching this video, most of you think “Oh yeah, it *does* make the Sonic Sound!”
Are y'all not dissociating when you enter the gas station because i have never noticed this
2 videos in a week? Oh you spoil us
I remember when i was younger my dad took me to a gas station, so i got chips. We went to the register to actually buy our stuff and i heard the sonic ring noise, and i said "Hey! thats a sonic noise!" (i was obsessed with sonic) and they just laughed.
Didn’t SEGA manufacture the sound chips for those machines or something?
epic
Could you possibly talk about creepy aspects of videogames?
was just watching your randonautica video and went to your channel page and saw this less than half an hour after the release. was a great break from your other content considering it's dark where I am lol.
Now THIS is some spooky stuff
Yes this always made me wonder 😂
Hi 😳
Oh no
wait what
Dude I was just questioning about this I was just on one a few days ago!!!
Just in time, I heard this literally yesterday and was concerned someone's phone was going off, but nope. It's just that gas stations are doing this now.
This is a video title I never thought I’d see.
Guys I think quarantine broke him
i don't play video games, so i never noticed this haha.
Nexpo answering the REAL questions
I always hear about convenience stores using sonic sound effects but I don’t think I’ve ever heard it before
damn that mike's is overpriced
CWC already knows the answer to this
this is such a neat bit of trivia that interests me a lot. I go to my local ampm and when I ring up a snack purchase it plays that jingle. it makes the small errand a bit more exciting. 🙂
I WAS JUST AT A GAS STATION AND WAS LIKE: “is that gonna be a copyright issue..”
Didn't know about this, interesting
I like these one-offs, they are pretty entertaining to watch!
i....never .... really thought about this...i've definitely heard it before
I now know one of the secret in life.. I thank you for making this
Ya know?  This was something that drove me crazy for a while.  Good to have some kind of closure on it.
I love ur content nexpo <3 it would be cool if we can see another scary things from around the internet
4:38  I can relate.
This has gotta be a US only thing cos I never heard a petrol station or newsagent using sonic sounds
gotta go fast (once you've filled up the tank)
Me: Sees title  Me: *Why not*
Never heard this before at any store
Sadly this is the worst video I have seen from @Nexpo
OMFG STOPPP I WAS LITERALLY JUST WONDERING THIS YESTERDAY
At last someone answered this question!
This is like Vox Horror 🥰
Thank God I wasn't the only to notice the 'ring' sound effect; it felt like I was going crazy when nobody believed me.
How have I heard that so much and never noticed it was the Sonic sound?
I'm deaf, so I don't give a damn what sound it makes.
I've never even noticed this, now that I know its gonna drive me crazy lol
👏🤙
Mystery skills flex. I gave up forever ago. Nice
TIL I'm not the only one.
Yk what I would like to see again, it would be the Pelzer SC case. Why well it was interesting  lol
I suddenly remembered that you told us to think about 21 in the raundonautica episode and when I checked the current timestamp it was 4:21 😱 illuminati confirmed
e
Filler episode
e
I’ve been watching a lot of gamin historían recently so when I read the title, I said, “oh boy another interesting gaming video!” Then the Nexpo intro started. I thought I clicked the wrong video for a second.
love you nexpo, honestly my favorite channel! can’t wait for disturbing things 11
plss make more of those types of in-between main uploads
There is a cheat code in Sonic that will take you to a page that you can preview all the sounds used in the game. That may be how it was captured and used with out saga knowing??
I've never heard this in the south east US. Guess it's a sign I need to move again.
I've never heard the Sonic ring sound effect when at a convenience store. If I ever did I would think that would be cool.
Oh shit, two uploads in a week. My lucky day
Praises to the editing team. This video is so smooth
Noticed that sound event at my local 7-11 a couple months ago. I go there so often, I figured it was one of the cashier's phone going off and never crossed my mind that it was the cash register. Wooow great thought piece 👍🏾
One of the most stupidest topics you've done
Ohioan here. I’ve literally never heard a cash register make the Sonic ring noise!
The real mystery: why is there a Super Mario sound effect whenever someone likes this comment?!
Very early
OH GOD THE TRUE HORROR HAS BEEN REVEALED HOW COULD YOU DO THIS NEXPO?
wondering how u can make this scary
I swear I knew I recognized that sound when I heard it in 7/11, I never could place it though. This was super cool.
I like how he likes all the comments 🥺
The creepy music behind this is killing me
I NEVER noticed this before 😳😳😳 WHAT A MINDFUCK...
Target uses the Reptar Bar sound from the Rugrats PS1 games. Also, fantastic choice of background music, my man.
#1 in the horror community. Thanks for all the uploads man.
Always wondered about the sfx at the register!
Finally someone addresses it. I’ve been fucking wondering my whole life why the Scooba Junction gas station on the highway in between Wahalak, MS, Scooba, MS, and Meridian, MS had Sonic ring sound effects set as its cash register item ring up sounds.
The gas station down the street from where I live has the Sonic Sound Effect in the cashier. When I saw the title I was like “No fucking way”.
I have always wondered this
Holy Shit! This is your scariest video yet!
I KNEW I WASN'T THE ONLY ONE WHO HEARD THIS
DK aquatic ambience: starts playing Me: am I high?
FINALY IVE BEEN ASKING MYSELF THIS SINCE YEARS
Here in Mexico there's a TV sports show that uses the Smash Bros Melee "accept" sound effect
yes more mini episodes!
what came first; the gas or the gotta go fast?
Is it just me or have I never heard a Sonic sound effect in a gas station until now? Maybe it’s because I’m Canadian? I’m not sure
I dig this kind of thing. Keeping it between 5-15 minutes would be cool imo
are you fucking kidding? I literally just got home from a 4 hour trip home. I stopped at a gas station and my friend bought a coffee and a KitKat, and the cashier used this sound when ringing it all up, and I thought it was funny. Then you upload this, the matrix is real....
Who knew sonic was a capitalist
donkey kong country ost 👌
I didn't plan on using this evening to realize that Nexpo is my f*cking hero, but here we are
I've wondered why the Sonic fast food place looks like early Sonic stuff
Sega really stealing convenience stores sound effects smh.
Gas stations and sonic appear to have a lot in common
Y'know, I did notice this, but I figured "No, that can't be what I'm hearing... right?"
I hear it every time I buy potatoes at the store
YEAH. Yeah. I think about this almost eveyr fucking day. What the fuck nexpo.
Not naysaying but I've never heard any sonic sfx  during my years of retail. The register makes no sounds. Maybe some winding sounds or the sound of a small scale printer zip zapping stuff on a piece of paper but not once in my experience did I ever hear any sonic sounds.
Oh god... I forgot that gas stations do this what!
*_ASK JFK WHERE HE WAS BURIED_*
HOLY SHIT I WAS WONDERING WHY THEY SOUNDED THE SAME
it's simple, the Database management system they are using was programed by a sonic fan, including this sound when an item is scanned, and it's normal that multiple stores use the same DBMS, the library near my house has pokemon sounds and red can be seen at the register.
That was almost too simple
Yes sirr got here early!!!!
The gas station next to my school where I’d always get snacks had that and I never thought of it as the sonic sound. This just blew my mind lmao
George Soros putting Sonic sound effects in muh gas station transactions!
Getting desperate for content are we well i don't mine imma savor this little morsel of entertainment
Iv always wondered this
Never heard of this so I’m curious about what’s it all about
I thought this was just a Detroit thing holy shit
Never noticed the sonic sounds, but I did notice the Donkey Kong music. Feels like I'm gettin ready to hop aboard my sword fish friend, and swim among the sharks.  Also jk, I have heard the cash register sonic sound before, I just needed a lead-in.
This is something that I've always wondered about for my entire life yet never took the time to actually research it. Thank you Nexpo lol
I've definitely heard this but it didnt register that that's what it was from. Lol
Why do your intros and outros make me feel like home??
I see you with that Donkey Kong Country music in the background. Well played.
Nexpo should do an channel about random things he finds interesting and that doesn't put too much work to do it
OMG my local gas station’s cash register in Massachusetts makes the Sonic noise and I genuinely thought it was just a weird one off. I did not realise this was a thing! I assumed the company who made the software used the noise as a homage, not maybe realising that anyone would notice. But maybe it is more legit than I thought. My dashcam loading tone sounds almost exactly like the Gameboy Advance start-up noise. I really must properly compare them....
This is the real story the government wanted to keep us safe from. What have you done?
They most definitely do have something to do with the POS software. SegaSammy also has a large presence in casino gaming, as does Konami.
True evil exposed...
This may be your most disturbing video yet
I hope I'm not the only one who never noticed the so nice sound effects until he pointed it out.
Wasn't it weird to ask the cashiers what the registers brand was? Some would say it could raise suspicions 🤔
I thought they used it just because it meant money
Yo I've also heard about this!
Has it ever occurred to you that maybe those sounds just come from the same source and it has nothing to do with Sonic the hedgehog?
FINALY. SOMEONE TOLD ME.
not what i expected, but yes, why
I work at a gas station and never even thought about til now.
Bro I mean it's interesting but it's like the answer nobody needed 😂😂
I was about to go to bed but Nexpo released a vid? Sleep can wait.
for halloween you should dress up as a expo marker
Some questions are better left unanswered...
I don’t think I’ve ever heard any cash registers use the sonic ring sound before. This is all news to me
I also was thinking this question.
Now I need to find registers that do this...
i LOVE this
I heard this before i always wondered why sonic sounds were there though
I didnt know I needed this question answered, nor did I know this question existed. I am grateful
This man could tell me I have 3days to live and I'd be soothed by his voice
yeah I like this little mysteries, it reminds of Whang!
Everytime I skip school, you post a video.       *Interesting...*
Hey Nexpo I heard about this cryptid called Twomad, apparently its a whale with legs in Canada and lots of people have footage of it. Might be worth checking out
You forgot grocery stores too. I've worked gas ⛽ stations, fast food (crew & management), & grocery stores. I've heard it so much that I don't hear it anymore if that makes sense.
I've never heard this before, that's crazy places actually use that sound effect
Once I heard Veeder-Root, I immediately was like, hmm.  That's the same name of a company I pass by everyday.  What do you know? It is.  It's exactly that.
Most confusing Title ive ever seen
Holy shit ive always noticed this and never wouldve expected a nexpo vid on this. Made my night
I love being this early in your videos. 💙
I've always wondered why that sound effect would play in the gas stations I visited. Felt like I was just imagining it but no they really were using the sonic "get ring" sound.  Neat.
I expected an answer to why but it was never answered.
I've never been this early
The Tomar emeralds are resonating. His time is near.
40 000 units sold and there are 70 000 gas stations in the US. It is quite impressive how I haven't heard a single cash register make a Sonic sound effect.
great content :) keep doing a great job! love the uploads!
Never noticed that TBH but now I'm curious. 😅
it is because, groceries go brrrr
This man’s asking the real questions
I remember hearing the ring sound too as a kid and sometimes still do when travelling, it always catches me off guard. Glad to see I'm not the only one who has noticed this.
OH GOD ITS THIS THING
WHAT!?
more lighthearted mini mysteries please
i had no idea this was a thing!! i’m 25 y/o and never heard of this, since in my country (brazil) these machines don’t really make a sound? i’m curious now and will pay more attention lol
This is, by far, the scariest thing you've uploaded.
I've never wanted to move to America more than right now.
YEESSSSSSSS. I KNEW I WASNT THE ONLY ONE. <3  They do it at my Shell---err uh, "EG" station.
I was just watching an episode of oneyplays earlier and they were talking about the same thing
I do like the concept, but I'd like to see spookier mysteries.
B
I thought I was crazy. thank god
Woah I’ve heard the sound everywhere but never questioned it, thanks Nexpo lol
"I have no idea why this took up so much of my weekend (Jesus Christ)"  Bruh there are things I think about that are so fucking random that mess with me.  I'm usually on the toilet thinking about those things and never putting them out there for public consumption but you know...  Anyways...MORE OF THESE PLEASE!
All the gas station cashiers getting ready to be robbed by the guy asking questions about the cash register
have you ever met an avid sonic fan who wasn’t literally mentally insane?
Hi Nexpo
Nice video :)
Nexpo are you and nick Crowley going to colab?
Now I know! And knowing is 7/12 (adjusted for inflation) the battle.
This has been one of my burning questions ever since I first heard that noise I had wondered what was that and now I know thank you Nexpo for finally answering this question that has been at the back of my mind forever.
Have you ever thought about naming your second channel Sexpo
it's better than the boring plain cash register sound effect IMO
Well that was random. Thanks Nexpo.
I really missed this sort of mystery hunting! The ARG stuff is rather monotonous, so thanks for coming back to this content!
I’m glad I finally have the answer to a question I’ve been asking for years.
This is one of those weird things you have to keep reminding yourself that you didn’t make it up and it’s actually a real thing.
You'd imagine Sonic would be the place where you would hear Sonic sound effects but noooooooooo
I always just assumed it was a stock sound effect or something and it's just associated with sonic now
This lighter videos are my type of entertainment , I hope you came make more of these :)
The thing that’s been lingering in my mind for years
what is the music at 1:05??
Ive never heard this before. MIght be a local thing?
me: oh no I see nexpo uploaded, hopefully it's nothing too spooky so I can sleep tonight   nexpo:
The question that has always been on my mind
That was a fun little mystery! I’d always wondered about that myself, and thought maybe someone had ripped off the sound under Sega’s nose for cash register software, but them having a hand in it makes more sense.
I dig this a lot! The ring sound was something I was always curious about, to be honest, and now I have an answer (sort of). I'd love to see more of this shorter stuff Ryan! Any excuse to hear that soothing ass voice of yours.
Bro,I heard sonic ring sounds on a gas station I went once
Ive literally questioned this for my entire time working at my current job (I dont work at a gas station, but I work very close to a gas station that has this sound effect).
Why the fuck was this the first video that popped up when I opened up YouTube?
Nice!
1975....that was before ME!
I... I have never thought to ask this question. I am glad to know the answer though.
There's a gas station in my town that has the sonic cash registers. I always was and still am amused by the sound when we get something there. Didn't know this was a Thing either, I just thought it was something that one gas station did
Last time I was this early, I got the worm.      Not like I eat worms or anything.
Thank you! This is one of those things I always meant to Google but never got around to!
pls keep this as a series !!!!!
Anyone know the title of the song used in the end credits?
I have never wondered or even connected the two sounds til now!
You know the dude's a professional horror narrator when he makes a simple question that leaves you wondering for a while and then forget it sound scary.
If the cash register gets robbed, does it make the "Sonic dropping all his rings" sound?
Nice
What a random video lol, not in a bad way tho
Sonic is overrated
CVS uses Resident Evil sound effects for contactless payment. I noticed it right away.
I never noticed the ring sound at glass stations, this was interesting. I think I noticed it by some point but just forgot. Nice video :)
I didn’t know this was a widespread thing lol.
It’s 9:30 and I have school tomorrow, and I’m glad this one isn’t spooky because I need to sleep eventually
I have never once noticed this sound
Babe wake up, Nexpo posted
This was honestly really interesting! You should definitely do more of these lighthearted mystery videos in between working on longer, more complex videos
When you see the Face of GOD you will die and there will be nothing left
Oh my god I learned so much in seven minutes. Nexpo, you’ve done it again.
Yes! These Uploads are awesome!!!!
THANK YOU- I NEEDED ANSWERS
Gas stations have never done this where I live 😐 I didn’t know it existed
I knew I wasn't going crazy.
These short videos are great Nexpo, the more content the better just as long as it doesnt lose that great quality you provide in your videos :)
Gn (︶｡︶)zzZ  nexpo
Damn, I noticed this once many years ago and completely forgot until you made this video. Glad to know I wasn't crazy after all lmao.
Never heard the Sonic sound effects lol
Okay, why have I never heard of this?
I've never heard this sound at a gas station... So I was very confused at this title
1:00 in, thats the song from Donkey Kong from super nintendo. The aqua level where you ride the swordfish.
Wait, I thought this was a joke video, this is actually true???? I have never in my life heard the Sonic Ring sound from any cash register ever, wtf
This has to be the scariest video ever. I have had nightmares about Cash Registers dropping Sonic rings everytime they get hit by something.
When I first heard it at a gas station I thought I was tripping 💀
My theory:.                                         Sonic= Fast. So they want you to leave faster.
Finally. The question that has been haunting me since I first heard those sounds like 11-12 years ago. Closure.
One of those things you didn’t know you really wanted to know
When Nexpo says he's bringing us back to the past, he does that well. It felt nostalgic to watch these 70s clips, even though I was born in the 2000s.
must be a local thing, bc ive never encountered it
This some quality content right here, I always wondered about the Sonic sounds, lol..
I’ve never heard this sfx before. Is America secretly run by sonic?
I was JUST thinking of this literally today!
Dude you sound like you wanted to laugh at the beginning jajajaj
Interesting.
ah yes, wondering and answering the mind boggling question of:     sonic sfx and gas stations
I'm guessing this is an American thing, because I've never heard this in the UK
Did anyone else never notice Gas Stations used the same sound until now?
Next question is why only McDonald's goes beep beep boop beep boop beep
My family all thought I was crazy when I told them the sound was from Sonic. Well, WHO'S LAUGHING NOW?
When will disturbing things part 11 come out?
Oh God...all these squares make a circle.
If i see anyone say that he stretched out the video too long by using credits to pad the run time, i will murder you. He could've mad this 10 minutes, but he done didnt.
I work at a gas station and never noticed lol we have that system and I've worked other stations that have the same noise
Interesting
One time I heard the gem sound effects from Spyro at one gas station.
Thanks nexpo I cant sleep so now imma never sleep for the rest of my life
Wow I’m so early how suprising
good video
Well I'm here early
Nexpo somehow makes a random topic seems so creepy
How many people have never heard the sonic sound from a cash register
Ahhhhhh yes nexpo!!! Good night now
I've actually only heard this once or twice and every time I go a little feral tbh
neato burrito
Dr Robotnik?
need more of these
Yeah I've been wondering about this for a while now
Yeah this is the stuff I want to know!
It's always a good day with a Nexpo upload. I'm so happy to have discovered this channel. Love you, nexpo! Keep up the amazing work! <3
honestly i don't really care what you post, i love all your content and it always entertains me
The more you know
Just wanted to say you make sum of the best content on this site keep it up 👌
Aquatic Ambience on that lead in @ 1:00. OMG, it works so well.
evening Nexpo.
I've never heard the Sonic cash register ring chime. Just annoying boops & beeps. Aww :(
With this music, you could tell us the story on how you ran away from a two headed grizzly bear while naked and covered in peanut butter while you were holding two pizzas with your friend blasting Careless Whispers and I'd be intrigued.
Sonic is trapped inside the register and he needs your help. All you haft to do is give him your credit card information.
If you're gonna make videos like this don't use such scary music
This is what I needed, thank you for the closure
Do a video on the Instar Labs ARG! It’s really creepy
I never really thought about the sound till just now
My favorite kind of Nexpo videos are the types with twists and turns of a really weird perhaps disturbing mystery where you really get into the nitty gritty of it and bust out a few theories.
I've been in dozens of gas stations and have a NEVER heard this sound. Now I must.
Gotta stay woke!
Gas Stations: _haha sonic ring go brr brr_
Was I the only one that thought this was going to be more dark than it was lol
Will never be able to walk into a gas station the same again
I like the more scary things u cover. More of that please?
To entertain drug addicts bugged personality
Didn't expect to see this on Nightmare Expo.
Loving me a little bite sized Nexpo! I hear the ring sound effect all the time and never thought about it lol
Wait that was the sonic sound I’m pretty sure I heard that on some gambling machines
that background nocking made my heart hurt.
Kinda reminds me of this local radio station in Nashville. They have a contest every Friday, and they play Bobomb Battlefield audio in the background while they set up the contest. But it’s not just the music, if you listen close enough you can hear Mario jumping around.
nice vid i like the new format a lot :)
6k views in 5 mins
Never realized this, so now it's weird
Neat
omg yes!!!! I've wondered about the ring noise for like a fucking decade
It was good
I've never seen one of these, wow! :0
I've never heard the Sonic sound effect played at a convenience store
Is it me or the video is laggy?  edit: i checked other videos and they were fine, and i tried reloading the video and it seems laggy to me
huh never really thought about it since i never heard of the sound coming from the registers unless its just the US on this side of the pond since I havent heard it at all in kanada
was literally about to hit the sack when i got the notif for a new nexpo video AND it mentions sonic so i'm basically like *fuck it, sleep is for the weak*
Never knew SammyClassicSonicFan owned SEGA
I worked in a factory that had these little robots that would pulls racks around the factory. 1 of them would play mary had a a little lamb to let people know it was coming, the other would play the Highwind traveling song from Final Fantasy 7.
You called?
Kept you waiting huh?
Before I watch the video, I'm going to guess they use the Yamaha sound chips that were also used in the Genesis. Yamaha still makes the chips for mostly embedded systems.
Because Sega is behind the cash registers, boom one sentence.
There are hot gas stations in your area
Hey, you should do an episode on liminal spaces. I think you’ll find it interesting.
I’ve never thought about this and now I’m going to think about it every time.
When I heard aquatic ambience, it made this video even better
Last time I was this early my parents were still together
a gas station can be one of the creepiest places on earth
Now I need to play Donkey Kong!!!  That was a great  soundtrack
The content I like to see
IT'S NOT JUST ME
What's even weirder is that at Sonic Drive-in, you don't hear Sonic sound effects.
I love this quick lil vid
gotta go *b r a i n w a s h*
I have never been more confused
I thought that the only place that did this was a gas station I use because it’s the only place I hear it. I had no idea that it was so common!
I THOUGHT I WAS LOSING MY SHIT  THANK YOU NEXPO
I was actually thinking about this when you uploaded the video, creepy.
Also uses Donkey Kong underwater ambience, everyone liked that
shit im just so used to it. this is lit
Oh my god I thought I was the only person to notice this shit, everyone I know tells me I'm crazy when I mention the sonic ring cash out sound thing
I left Dad’s live stream for this.
That's pretty awesome. I think it's just really just a country thing. But nonetheless is pretty awesome
1:00 That DKC music😩👌 Great choice
I'm so happy that someone else has finally acknowledged this
NIGEL
Pachinko, everytime i hear this name i remember the great series that got lost just like that, a great graphics engine that was wasted. Fuck konami
I never knew I needed to know the answer to this until now, thanks.
Man, everytime I got gas I was like who the hell is playin sonic? Eventually realizing it was the register lead to me just asking, "why?" Thanks for puttin this together to shed some light on it lol. Another great video!
I heard about this on oney plays and always wondered this too, good thing I don’t have to do the research anymore   Thanks nexpo
What? What kinda gas stations do yall have?
Yes I’ve heard this quite allot.....
I've always thought about this but never actually questioned it woah
last time i was this early, i was in the NICU
I have NEVER heard the sound but now I really want to. I feel left out.
Was there all in a separate that never can I will too need to been having separate that in it?
*The only problem with being faster than light is that you are forced to live in darkness*                                             -Sanic
O
woah i've never been this early before
Here
Yea...why tho?
I’m a simple man, I see nexpo in my notifications I click
Nightmare Expo? At this time of year? At this time of day? Localized entirely within my phone?
Weird title but fuck yeah gas stations
It even happens here in Canada, where I live 0_o
wow im early, great video nexpo 👍
It’s been 49 seconds since this video has been uploaded.
What I never had this happen
I never questioned these sounds before, but now I desperately want to know why they make these noises.
no fucking clue what the title meant until i started watching lmao
Public announcement: Not everyone can be first.
Youve unlocked a memory I forgot I had
Nice little video here. and it’s about sonic👌🏾
I actually remember hearing the ring sound at a chevron food mart in Pasadena,CA. It was strange at first,but i just sorta got used to it quick.
Ｉ'ｖｅ ｎｅｖｅｒ ｈｅａｒｄ ｉｔ ｌｏｌ
I know a gas station,   without the ring sound effects
Two uploads in one week, epic
Now the real questions are being asked
I’ve only heard this happen once when I was in Mississippi, and I’ve been wondering why ever since. Great vid as always!
300th comment! wow so early!
That is a pretty random question
Squad 👌
Yes! Something for the weekend wrap-up! Awesome narrations and content.👍
The world’s burning, and m’dude comes in saying “alright. Enough horror. Time to figure out why gas stations gotta go fast”.
Yay
No! Idk about this thing. 😵 Didn’t knew it made that sound.  😭 maybe since I’m from a fairly small island.
The song at the beginning is “Donkey Kong Country - Aquatic Ambience.”
first
Can't wait for when I go to a store and can't unhear this.
Thank you for blessing us with amazing content 🥺💖
Sonic Sound effects...now youve got my attention!
wait this is a real thing ? i’ve never even heard of this
Finally.. the question I’ve been wondering since I was 12..
Really spooky O_o
My home phone has the old NES Mario 1up sound when it gets plugged into it's charger.
DUDE! me and my friends are doing a watch party with your vids and then bam you upload one. Are you watching me?? ;D
no sob story but i recently got diagnosed with bipolar disorder and i just wanted to say how much your videos help me cope with things , keep it up man
Sanic is love, sanic is life
I've literally never noticed that! Maybe it isn't a thing where I live?
I had a really terrible day. I got into a big fight with my family and am now starving and crying in my room. Your videos always make my day and I love your content. Keep up the great work.
Cuz     they gettin that coin
Glad I’m not alone in this ever since I was young I knew I heard that sound but never knew why.
260 likes, no views *thanks youtube*
OH WHAT THE HELL i never knew about this! The things you learn by just watching YouTube Then again I'm not American so...
So I was right!
I've never ever clicked on a video this fast before
nothin like a bottle of rose" wine and some nexpo
...why?
The first DKC underwater level music is some of the best music in games.
Or maybe... it's Sonic using convenience store sound effects?!
Oh wow i'm very early
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO NOTICED THIS CUZ LEGIT I SAW NO ONE TALKING ABOUT IT O-O
I’m only 21 seconds in and I know this video will be great, love your content nexpo! No matter what it is❤️
This question popped in my brain like 5 minutes ago so this is well timed
Ah, the nostalgia of me peering over the counter looking at my dad swipe the credit card through the slot.
Lol I’m a gas station attendant and got sorta excited when I got the notification for the video cause we use the exact sound effect with our registers
didn't he just upload
2 videos less than a week, what a great week in a terrible year
Guys don’t hate just love sanic
Awe man that Donkey Kong aquatic theme 💙💙💙💙💙💙💙
I’ve wondered this for soooooo long, thank you very much for this!
dang 1 min early without notifications lmao
Guess I woke up at the right time... 10PM
E
Noice!
Why sonic tho I mean I like sonic and the series well............most of them but like what about a louder sound or a already recognizable sound Edit: I forgot how big sonic was
i was thinking about this yesterday lmao i cantt
Yeah ive always wondered
Yes I love this type of content
Video: *about sound effects & gas stations* Ambiance: _s p o o k_
Why
ANOTHER?? So soon??? What a great week 😌
Nice
I didn't actually know gas stations used sonic sfx
I always thought I just had a major case of gamer brain! Glad to know I'm not imagining things
Always a good day when Nexpo uploads!
How did this get reccomended to me so quickly wtf
Don’t trust sonic my friends
Make a video about the song Butterfly being used in those cheap play phones.
This is why you don't buy no weed from the gas station
I used to wonder that when I was little
What is Sonic?
nice i like these uploads swag cool
nexpo asks the important questions
Time for my history class on YouTube
Oh how you spoil us Ryan
YEAHHHHH! The perfect way to end my night.
nexpo please be my father
i love any video you do a topic on, you make anything really interesting.
Hmmm did he just upload 4 days after he already uploaded here have the global peace prize you deserve it chief
You should do the "every copy of Mario 64 is personalized" thing
I've never heard this at all
I’ve never been so early and I don’t even use notifications omg
HOW DID I NEVER NOTICE THAT WTF
Me? Early? Sonic related video? Hell yeah
Wut
I can’t wait for Walmart and Super Mario Bros sounds
Not a first
haven’t watched the video yet but I just wanted to say, YOU ARE FUCKING AWESOME NEXPO LOVE YOUR VIDS
Watching nexpo wearing my new nexpo jumper. I'd call that a win.
Yo
Finally, it's nine thirty at night and I can watch a nexpo video without being absolutely fucking terrified and a topic that I've actually wondered why gas stations use the ring sound effect from Sonic.
this is a pog moment
No views 46 comments 108 likes Good job YT
I legit thought I was the only one to ever notice it lmao.
here lol
Gas stations. Always knew they had ulterior motives. Probably a front for the New World Order.
Finally, Something I can watch without scaring myself into not Being able to walk to the bathroom.
hi nexpo!! hope u have a great day/night!
NO VIEWS BABYYYY THEY HAVENT LOADED IN YETT
Hahaha! I've never heard this before, maybe its just USA. -UK here
Another Video from the king Nexpo 🙆🏽‍♂️
Early gang
Babe wake up, Nexpo uploaded
omg early?
because they're cool B)
testicle
Even when Nexpo makes a short video he doesn't need to extend it to 10 minutes
Frick ive never noticed this
I was always was curious about those registers.
NICE
uploaded 50 seconds ago...yeah, im ready.
Nexpo gang rise upppp!
Id always been so curious about this
I love you
The King has uploaded 😌
Meme
Holy shit, I thought I was nuts.
12 seconds...wow. This has to be the most early I've been here from recommended instead of notifications-
fucking epic
1th
Nexpo are you going to notice me
Dang it Nexpo fist day of school is tomorrow how am I gonna get a good nights rest now.
I saw the title and had the same question... Why?
This is one of those things I've wanted to know but never bothered to look up. Thank you.
I've never seen this, but it sounds amazing. I want to experience this for myself, lol.
Early gang wya 💯
i am lost in a gas station please help
I love you
Fast a fucc boi
Not first
Beans
<3
Never noticed it but now i can't unhear it wtf Nexpo
Your channel is so dark but an upload really brightens my day to be honest
According to Sonic lore, Mobius is just a very old and destroyed Earth...  _We're slowly becoming Mobius._
duh you gotta go fast
since i already know some of you are gonna ask, the comments from a few days ago are from his patrons, who get early access to his videos.
Yoooooo he’s answering the questions I didn’t know I had
Not a problem at all that's 💯
first not rlly
44 seconds ago
First
I swear to god I was thinking about this right before I saw the notification; you reading my mind??? 🤨
Nexpo why are you so good at making spooky content
Man a nexpo video just to make my night spooky
Oh, yes, I’ve been wondering this for years but I’ve never been able to find a concrete answer.       They should switch to the Mario coin noise
hello i am alive
Nice😎
nice
Saw this vid get posted good way to end the night. Keep up the good work nexpo
I was gonna sleep cause school starts tomorrow but I have to watch this first
yay
I’m questioning why this video even exits, but it’s Nexpo content so I can’t argue about it.
Ah feels good to watch some nexpo
Heee hoo peanut
It's 10:22 and I'm going full screen wish me luck
One gas station I live by had the sonic sound effect, but it closed
i love these nexpo!!!! keep up the good work bro!
Ok then
omggg im early aHH
Amazing as usual Ryan
1st?
Sonic lives at gas stations, done
FIRST
I just got on Youtube and got this notification immediately
i literally never noticed this, you opened my eyes to this and i hate it.
HELLO EVERYONE 😀
Hot damn it’s cool to know it’s not just my local gas station that does this
First
yes
Yo I wonder the same thing.
uuuuuuuh, nice
This is a question I’ve always wanted answers to!
1st time to be 2nd view!!
nexpo asking the real questions
always thought sonic got their sounds from gas stations tf
Why not
came as soon as i heard u-u
Thank for answering the question I was too scared to ask😔🙏
I love you Nexpo
Lmao there's this one right by my house
Nexpo dishing out the spooky in my time of boredom.
HELL YEAAA SONIC
Love anything you put out. Seriously.
First
wow im seconds early, this boutta be good
I definitely wasn’t expecting a somehow sonic related nexpo video
Love you
YEEEESSS A NEW NEXPO VID
yayy this made my night!!
Had a weird dream about you making a video on this cat shelter website having pictures of cats with human features. Freaked my dream self out. The title was something like, "a solution that's far from a wail about what is happening with (I don't remember)"
The creepiest part of this is that it has no views
Epik
Hmm
cool
nexpo uploads pog
Hello bois I have never been this early 25 secs ago
Boiii a new Nexpo video :)
not first :(
Not first
Soookie hour
Interesting
Spaghetti
I’ve always wondered this when watching gas station encounters.
Bruh
Yayyy i’m so excited 🥺🥺
hi
Sup
I laughed reading the tittle
YEAH.BOI
Dude! This is something I've questioned for years and everyone has thought I was crazy! I'm so excited to watch, thanks a bunch.
We in for a treat bois
yay new vid
Nice
hehe
I stopped a nut for this
bruh
One of the first
WOOO
i
Nice an early vid
good eve!
notif gang
thank you i been wondering about this for a long time.
LET’S NOT SLEEP TONIGHT
I love you.
Yeah this always has been a bit confusing to me
Nice
ah man. nexpo beat me to in being first :(
This dude never fails to surprise me
.
always wondered about this
This guy always makes my days.
Good vid Chief
Yes! New video!
YEA!!!!!!
Oh wow this is gonna be good
Haha second
Omg, I'm here..
hahaahahahah yes
Oh early
POGGERS
First give me my cool guy points rn
First
wow
marry me
Thought I'd do a shorter, lighthearted one to change it up a bit. Let me know if you like these in-between main uploads to hold you over and I'll do more :)  See you soon with Disturbing Things 11!
