2 years later and I came across this video, but it's still reaches people. Your most valuable comment is that consumers run the market. We are the cause for everything being so cheap, because we invest in short term gains with as little profit as possible. what they don't understand is that a little can go a long way, simpler is better. We have created a single-use throwaway culture where nothing is dependable so that we repeatedly have to spend money on the economy, that's how they make their profit. And that's not sustainable on the Earth. There won't be more Trails for us to ride on, there's only becoming less as deforestation increases with urbanization of increased population. Trails are rapidly disappearing and degrading, but that's not the point, the point is that our riding through the wilderness degrades them even more. Just like boats disturbing the water, riding through the forest disturbs the wild life... and with the roadless rule being retracted that protected 60 million Acres of national forest and probably to be implemented next year if he doesn't die, we will lose the last remaining forests in America. And then are health will begin to even more rapidly decline without Earth's natural system to balance our toxic output.
Why does Seth stand so weirdly with his legs?
Some neighbors kids got Walmart bikes.   Came to me when they couldn't be safely ridden.     Took 3 bikes down to frame, greased, and properly installed everything.
Hilarious how you could have the same gear ratio spread with a 3x7 as a 1x7.... The bike companies are lying to us. 71-7 cassette. Boom 1x
Would this be a good bike to get back into riding at age 37, or is there something around the same price you'd recommend over this?
I'm looking into one for my son considering a Trek, Giant, Spesh. is $800.
“It says ozark bike too big, I don’t want people to know I ride a Walmart bike” who cares? Hate the elitism is cycling. Really turns me off. Just get. Bike and have fun.
This feels like a great bike for me to start with but im worried about how they are assembled . Idk what im doing
Love your videos and we just bought one to see if the Mrs wants to ride with me. It’s small for me, but I still have fun on it too.
Hey thanks for your knowledge here. Sounds like a fun way to get into rising and modifying. Def need to cover the Ozark trail logo hahaha
What’s crazy is that two years later it’s the exact same price! Just bought one yesterday 10/18/25
My bike is the same as you're demo in this video; however, I'm having difficulty using it because it is so slow and hard to pedal, it simply sucks. Your thought would surely help. What do you think I should do,  replace the spraket, derailer, etc? It's been stuck. I'm no longer using it. Thanks
I don't know if you have any experience in this area, but is the Ozark Trail 9 speed m.2 Ridge a better hill climber than the Ozark Trail 14 speed G.1 Explorer?  Would you also say the G.1 is faster?  Please let me know.
The new version has a microshift acolyte which is a great I have one on my budget build.
As of now, pretty much your idea for this bike and upgrades, it is now possible on this bike at Walmart. They come with the larger Front brake rotor, better crank, 12 speed. One did have hydrolic brakes for the rear, and mechanical brakes for the front. A better seat. And for 2025 still sold for 398.00
Oh my God, this bike has different brands?😂 I have that exact same bike, same frame same suspension everything but mines a Releigh and I paid 800 😢
I would love to see a review of the Walmart gravel bikes.
department store bikes need to be one step under the bike store bikes.then they'll have something.
I have this bike. I added  SE big honking cruiser bars. I love it
and my extra dropper post will fit it!?  im definitely considering this purchase.
2 years on, and the Ridge is still for sale. So it looks like Walmart's gamble paid off.
I bought a mountain bike at a yard sale-$25.00
After watching this video, went to Walmart and bought the Ozark Trail bike for my daughter’s bday, she turned 11, got her the 29er with small frame! Thank you Seth.
Thanks for the video! I bought a similar bike from Europe - devron - Romania and I started riding it and enjoy it a lot. Looking forward to make more upgrades. Crank will be first I think. Keep up the good work💪💪
Thank you for this video, I've been going crazy trying to find an affordable mountain bike but one where I wasn't wasting my money
Is it possible to wheelie on this bike?
I will NEVER buy a bicycle at full cost. I dont care what materials or products are used or care what the name on the side is. A bicycle that the average person will ride shouldnt be over a $1000. I dont care what forks, brakes, shifters, frame doesnt matter. Its a bicycle. I have road $200 bicycles and $10000 bicycles. They all do the same thing just differently.
Does this bike come with the tools to put it together like the other one does?
It does not come with rear suspension but one can install a suspension seat-post on.
I went to Walmart yesterday and saw a bike, and I just realized that the brand new one comes with a clutch on the derailer
whats the price of this same bike today?
There's gotta be some outdoors people out in ozark trail, in their knife department they have a pretty good 10$ knife. Its less admirable just being a clone of an expensive knife but I still think it's goodand better than other 10$ knives by far
Been through a lot of cheap walmart bikes over the years, they don't last long with serious use, and they aren't worth repairing or upgrading, so this is a nice change.
It doesn’t surprise me that they are watching your videos. Normally they would have to hire someone to test out a product and provide feedback but the videos on social media basically give them that feedback for free
Boom. Look, you just sold it for me. I just want a good bike to see if I can hang before making a solid ass 1k+ investment! Thank you for this!
I love mine just purchased it two weeks ago. I actually purchased a medium and a small for my wife, but even the small is too high for my wife.
I wish these were at walmart in Canada!
Just picked up a 2.0 for 160 bucks. Guy didn't think to tighten anything down so most components need replaced. Which is fine because they were getting replaced anyways. Got a phat tire shop near me so going to go shopping there later and beef this bad boy up. Small frame with 29 inch wheels. Never can find a 15 inch at a decent price.
I’ve been getting department store bikes all my life and the first thing I do is make sure every screw is tight every nut is tight adjust the brakes and gears before riding because the workers responsible for building displays most likely don’t know how to properly assemble bikes they just put wheels handle bar pedals seat on so they can just put on the display rack and then when the customer buys it they think everything is put together right so they don’t bother checking if anything lose or missing
so in June of 2025 am guessing this is still teh cheapest best mountain bike you can buy or has that change? also would love to see if they is a 400,500,600 best bike video
Just scored on from an auction site for 65$
Any plans to check out the ridge 2?
Somebody please like this so I can come back to it
So dose the preload even do anything cuz I tried adjusting it and didn't notice a difference
Can you lift the tube up holding the handle bars?
I quite bicycles. Wheel for a bicycle is 60-150$ and i can get 900% quality better for the same price a dirtbike wheel. Tire for mtb 50-100$. Dirtbike tire 20x quality and thicker for same price and its just that for everything bicycle. Its an abused industry for the brand the stickers. I cant even find used anymore and used they want too much. I will not go with walmart cheap. I've found other ways to exercise but I am tired of high dollar for thin weak high quality parts. I break axles quick release I break frames...brakes cables levers its insane. Absolutely insane dirtbike parts are huge and thick and cheaper to the same as bicycle. Its automotive industry abused in the market. Can't afford it dont believe in it anymore.
Is this a small or medium?
How heavy was it?
9:05, cars with smashesd bumpers, lol. is that mandatory over there? great vid and great starter bikes.
Would love if you did an REI DRT 1.1 review, too. Feel like they're pretty comparable budget big box store bikes.
One year later, I have purchased the Ridge M2. They fixed most of the major issues, and kept the price the same.
I’m honestly surprised it took them so long to make their own quality bike since their headquarters is located in Bentonville, AR which has some epic trails
How tall is Seth for bike size comparison
Walmart hit it out of the park…for 400 bucks you can’t beat it.  At my Walmart they’re assembled by professionals, unlike the monkey children who put together Seth’s. 😂
Great video.
who manufactures ozark trail bike frames?
this is nice bc my younger brother was trying to convince me to buy a 850$ trek roscoe as my beginner bike, like ye its nice but that expensive asf😭, i will consider buying this bike
Sad that it’s not a available in Canada
ozark trail, hmmm i wonder if there is any link to the Raleigh Ozark, as Raleigh has dropped there parent company brand in uk, using ghost bikes etc.due to the grand dad image, of Raleigh.
We don’t have this in Australia, Melbourne
Was checking out some entry level bikes for a friend who wants to hit some mostly flat gravel and mild off roads, and I can't believe I just recommended a Walmart bike. Appreciate the video
How would you compare this to the Northrock XC27 from Costco? I found a (barely) used Northrock that I'm hoping I can get for $150 or $200 versus getting a new Ozark Trail Ridge for $400.  I'm just looking for something simple to go on easy paved/gravel rides with my young kids, but mountain bikes are what I'm most comfortable on. My 25 year old Trek 6000 is almost dead and the cost to fix it would be more than the price of a new bike.
we have halfords in scotland so the bikes are a bit better but dearer also the shop has a maintenance area so you can take any bike down free if you got it from halfords or pay a to get yours done they are a car shop but have extended to bikes some really nice ones and sone standard carrera's
Another place they saved money is the wheel bearings aren't sealed.
"...and the front wheel was installed by a 5 year old. No offense to 5 year olds." 😂  First off, huge thanks for creating this review! You've honestly turned me (and likely many others) onto what might be the best value in cycling right now. 🙏  This video completely changed my perspective on what a "Walmart bike" can be! 🚵‍♂️ What strikes me most is how thoughtfully engineered this bike is - not just as a disposable starter but as a legitimate platform that can grow with the rider.   The $400 price point is revolutionary when you consider what you're getting: modern geometry, quality welds, and upgrade paths for nearly every component. This isn't just "good for Walmart" - it's legitimately good, period. The ability to swap in a better fork later, add a dropper post, or reconfigure the drivetrain from 1x to 2x/3x shows someone who understands cycling designed this. 🔧🛠️  For families introducing kids to mountain biking, commuters needing a reliable ride, or adults rediscovering the joy of cycling without breaking the bank - this represents something meaningful. It's the democratization of quality biking! 💯  Seeing a major retailer make this pivot from "looks like a bike but rides terribly" to "actual real bike with thoughtful engineering" gives me hope for getting more people on trails and experiencing the joy of riding. Kudos to whoever championed this project at Walmart - you're changing lives and creating new cyclists! 🚲❤️
Owned it and it was terrible
i litterally bought this bike today because of this video, its my first mountain bike since i was a kid, im 43 now. i have an ebike that i use to cruise around town but i've been watching your channel for a while and wanted to get a mountain bike and try the local mtb trails here and didnt wanna spend a fortune.
I started out long ago with Walmart bikes, ie: Mongoose, Schwinn, etc. Unless things have changed, first thing to check is Lubrication. I always noticed the assemblers back then did not grease or oil anything. Usually the bottom bracket bearings have play and I always upgraded the parts. Hopefully quality has gotten better by now
yo, l-twoo makes fire derailer for road bikes, got on on mine!
9:38 - Yes, consumer.. ism is stupid.. Consumer probably holds over 50% of fault for the shitty product on the market.. :|
I love that you always wear a helmet, even keep it on in some talking segments!
Can you review the new ozark trail fs.2 salom it’s a full suspension version of this bike
how does this compare to the schwinn axum comp x?
I'm all for not gatekeeping mountain biking but I'd say a better value is finding a new, clearance old-stock model. I just bought a Trek X-Caliber 8 for $900 (MSRP $1,700) and it would cost $868 in parts to make the Ozark Trail Ridge comparable. Some of the name-brand lesser models also go on clearance as well, like the Trek Marlin 5 is down to $450 with crappy hydraulic brakes already included.
Buy a cheap, upgradable bike, when the cheap stuff breaks in it upgrade to the good stuff, if you don’t break the cheap stuff it’s not worth getting the more expensive bike anyways.
What about those bikes that say COOP on them? Lol I feel bad for the poor kid that has to ride that.
i miss my genesis gs29 hard tail mountain bike
So everybody is saying that basically all walmart bikes under 999 trillion dollars are crap and to buy an used older bike on Facebook marketplace or something. But what if I don't have 999 trillion dollars and can't find a single good deal from Facebook marketplace ON THE ENTIRE ISLAND???  Oh this small-small island of enchantment. What a bittersweet thing 🇵🇷
Had a chance to sit on one yesterday at my local WM. It’s nasty. Cheap feeling. Uncomfortable cockpit. Really bad. It was on sale for $298 and it’s still not enough to make me buy it. No gracias
I might be the only one here, but I use the front fork lock out….😂
Honestly this bike is exactly what the bike scene needed.
Seth, I think Ozark Trail Ridge comes in SMALL now.  As a shorter rider would that be of interest to you?  I too am a shorter rider and I’ve wonder about this new offering.
They got contractors that get paid per bike or basketball goal or anything you get put together. I worked at Academy in high-school and I watched them everyday. Even when you find issues with it and bring it back they get paid to do a simple fix
Just picked one of these up. Your videos got me interested in mountain biking and i hope i do enjoy it when i do get out.
I'm not big into mountain biking but I want to get into it and this seems like the perfect first bike for me. I'd rather do upgrades then anything else.
Will you review the full suspension ozark?
4:55 on the M.2 version (The new one) they added a clutch and they made other parts better too. You might want to check that out😊
wow
For me this has been a huge life saver. As I can get 1 without spending 4k to start with. Yes it's not full suspension which be better for me. As I won't be into As hard-core trail riding so the extra comfort from a full suspension is far more important to me for long term and life style riding. But as I said when dont have a spare 4k laying around. Getting this and upgrading the brakes and other item along with the pedals which I'm sure can be changed out easily. Be worth while bike to have. Even to keep after get a nice high end bike. For when not going to take things as serious can use this bike instead. Hoping can pick 1 up myself by the middle of next week. As I have many health problems. And from what I've ready bicycling can help to improve most of them which is heart and cardiovascular. Not to mention blood preasure, cholesterol and my type 2 diabetes.
Hey there, just wanted to ask your opinion on how this bike compares to the nishki colorado comp 27.5+ from a few years back, someone is selling me their nishki for 200$ , i am trying to get into mb and can’t decide between this bike or the nishki as my first bike, any help is appreciated, thanks.
Why does seth always stand like a 10 yo school girl that has to go pee 😂
Ozark ridge
I keep rewatching this I’m gonna get mine soon
Hey Seth, how about doing one on a Ozark Trail Vibe. I see tons of others have reviewed the Ridge but not much with the Ozark trail Vibe. Pls
Should i get this or the Trek Marlin 4?
omg ROFL!! "Huffy Aneurism" Omg that ended me LOL oh geez..sorry didn't mean the pun lol 🥴
Look on the back of the forks and also say no
I came across this yesterday and was surprised how impressive this bike was ...
Guys can I order form Walmart there is no Walmart in my country
Im looking to get mt200 brake for my son's bike. Do you know what length hoses i need thanks in advance
Would you be doing a comparison between this and the upgrades they did on the new M.2 version?
This would be very good for an E-bike conversion.
A GREAT STARTING POINT!!!!! AT A GREAT PRICE POINT!!!!  I LOVE IT!!!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH. THAT IS TOTALLY AWSOME BIKE AND A TOTALLY AWSOME VIDEO!!!!  THANKS FOR SHARING. I LEARNED A LOT!!!!
Seth what do you think of the Ozark youth mountain bike? it's only $150 which makes me suspicious
Love your videos, so quick question… this or an older used Marlin 6/7? Without riding either and just getting started, they seem similar in cost to get a used Marlin, and might both need similar upgrades. Any thoughts on which is the better way to go?
Wait… how do you know about CT? 10:05 😆
“The Huffy Aneurysm” lol.
Willms Ways
5365 Rutherford Mountains
If anyone here in the comments also have the Ozark trail ridge, can you please tell me the length of the bottom bracket? I want to upgrade to a mid drive but I want to make sure that I have the correct length so I order the bafangHD kit
i dont know tf im doing all i know is i wanna mountain bike so ig im getting this :D
I don’t understand I got my specialized rockhopper used but barely used for 400 never had issues
Seth, Id live to hear your take on the Ridge with proper adjustments and possibly reasonable upgrades  vs say, a lower end Trek or Specialized out of the box.
I'm thinking about getting this bike. Change it to a more gravel style bike with drop style handle bar. Keep the tires the same and put a drop seat to change between off road and road travel bike. Would love to change the disc brakes to rim grip.
It’s worth noting that Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas
56554 Grant Hill
meanwhile cosco:  full suspension carbon bike with rockshock front and rear air suspension
They're clearly watching y'all since several Youtube links are on the product page now. :)
Hey there, im a twelve year old kid who just got the Ozark Trail bike. I love it but I can't seem to figure out why my pedals click when they go around. Both sides do this, and it is not in a rhythm, it's only random. Can you help me?
that huffy bike name had me in tears
I just picked one of these up. Mine has a microshift Advent trigger and microshift acolyte deraileur with clutch a d a narrow wide chain ring!!! The frame has additional guide loops for cable rear brake cable routing. I will use them since I'm going to upgrade to hydraulic brakes immediately and they come pre filled. Absolutely amazing! They definitely keep improving this bike. Only the brakes are bad. Really bad. Otherwise Buy!
What about the Schwinn Axum Comp? that's about $450 with 2.6 wide tires. I got it used for $240, assembly was horrible, just a derailleur bented. It does have a sticker on the fork specifically, exclusive for leisure riding off-road or something haha
Picked up one today at my Walmart for $279. Super excited.
Martin Betty Martinez Maria Wilson William
Lopez Donald Walker Cynthia Thompson Robert
You are far better off buying a $500Trek .
I'm listening,  if it wasn't for you Seth, Evans and wolftick. I would have never entered a contest for this kind of bike.  I won... Believe or not. 😂. It's coming by Wednesday. Thank you Sir and to the others for the very informative bike channels.  Keep up the amazing work you all do.
Hey Seth, I just got the bike and it seems fine. The only problem I have is the front brakes (I think it’s the front) squeak. Also, I do not have the dial that you have to show me which gear I’m in. I was wondering if it came stock with the bike or if you ordered it separately.
Great vid! How about telling us where you got that great little thumb screw tool for putting on the water bottle bolts? THX!
The 2nd issue ridge has a microshift acolyte 9x with a clutch. A 30 tooth narrow-wide chainring. A 180mm front brake disk. And a few other things..... They ARE listening.
I just got the Ozark Trail mountain bike and love it so far
The only reason they have that label on there is just an fact that they have no trust in their own employees to actually put the bike together properly.  Truth
i rather buy costco bike over walmarts any day of the week
is it assembled in store by a 16 year old lol
Your channel is so refreshing. Mountain biking comes off as kind of a sport for elites and I always hear mountain biking is so expensive but your reviews of more affordable products such as the sr suntour coil forks is so refreshing.
I want to start MTB before this I thought a used higher end bike would was my only option because the Walmart bikes suck. Is that true or would I be ok with starting out with this and getting a better bike when I can ride harder trails
What would you recommend as a gravel bike/off road ?
My only concern and I have found it on more expensive bikes is the use of cheap steel spokes and nipples. It costs around two hundred dollars to get two wheels rebuilt properly so if the companies used stainless steel spokes with brass nipples from the factory it would be a godsend for the person who wants to upgrade the bike at a reasonable cost. Also having cranks with a removable narrow wide chainring is a must these days. LTWOO is a strictly Chinese bicycle parts manufacturer that is starting to make headway into the market. 😎🇦🇺
the bike is currently available for 123€
I ride on paved trails mostly. Is this good for that?
Thats a 2007 specialized hardrock
Walmart has a link to this video on the "product details" page for this bike.
Paid $98 for this... Finessed Walmart and about to usé the supposed to paid for price to get it tuned 🥶🥶🥶... I'm finna ride my ass off on this..
1 year later, they are extremely popular and are selling put everywhere
Question for everyone. I bought a kick stand but I can't figure out what bolt size to use
Can you add 27.5" tires to this one?  I'm interested in purchasing it.  I'm 5'6", but the medium frame felt a little large and wondered if it could be larger tires.  Hard to "test ride" in the store with the tires are so flat to get a good feel.  I'm a beginner and have just borrowed bikes in the past.  Would like something affordable that I can grow into a little
Bla bla bla bruuh only E bike people spend money on. Regular bike is outdated. Overpriced.
Bought one today for 198 bucks 😂
Where was this video filmed?
Where are you located?
Some of the riders I’ve respected the most were those I’ve met deep in the woods, riding their well worn low end bikes.
They were showing up as sold out when I looked online but there was one at my local Walmart in my size! It's in my living room now
Wish they had an XL frame, dangit!!!!
Seth I appreciate you making videos on budget bikes. I also appreciate you giving your honest opinions on putting upgrades on them. Your channel isn't just for bike snobs. It's for beginners, people on budgets, and so much more. Love ya
Just got this bike for 200 new at Walmart
I wish I was in your country 🤞🏻 love from northeast India
Its hilarious when the people at walmart install the fork backwards.😂
I think I'm gonna get this. I have an old Trek 3700
Awesome video. I am brand new to mountain biking and I am considering getting a bike.  You’ve basically sold me on this bike and I actually really like it.   Anyone have advice on how I can compare this bike against a GT aggressor? What should I be looking out for?  I see that is also a good beginner bike and it’s currently on sale for the same price as the Ozark
I just got one. Excited to commute on it. Of course it wasn't assembled properly. Beca7se Walmart.
Is a good bike for project, you know , made the smart upgrades and you got a good bike
As far as budget hardtails go, that seems pretty solid.  I was shocked to see one with Ozark Trail stamped on it.  The little details are nice inclusions on it.  My own GT brand bike from dicks I bought several years ago has done very well for my uses.  I'd be interested to see how they compare.  I'm guessing pretty similar by the sounds of it.  I do like the very minimalist design and colors of it.
Walmart annual gross profit for 2024 was $157.983B am sure they will be ok with the bike
I like flames on a bike
This bike is pretty much the generic version of a Trek Marlin 4
I just saw one! it's spec'd like my 2013 Felt nine 80 I had in junior year of High school! it was enough for me back then! you're buying a 2010's MTB but for the money that's great!
Is there a reason he doesn’t get the Schwinn Axum? Kevcentral has made umteen videos and upgraded many Schwinns ending up with what seem to be insanely capable bikes which I’d wager are much better platforms than, say entry or even second level offerings from the ones that are everywhere like a trek marlin or giant
I want to jump into an xc race with this after a parking lot self tune up and blow away many with $4k bikes, then on way home return it!
I got my GT Aggressor Pro from DSG and I thought that was the dept store mountain bike benchmark. this is definitely a true comptetitor!
Very old but I actually just found this video and went and bought one from your recommendation so it better be good! Just kidding, but mine was the same condition yours was. Loose brake connections, tire valves were loose and not fully installed, zero air in tires. Minor stuff you'd expect from a Walmart employee. But I did find it interesting that yours didn't have any warnings but mine had a sticker saying "Use only for leisure cross country " and under that said  "DO NOT USE FOR FREERIDE/ DOWNHILL DIRT JUMPING OR ANY HARD RIDING. it was a small yellow yellow tag near the crank
Kent makes there Ozark Trail bicycle, or at least they sell them on the Kent website too.
11 months later... this bike is not available at Walmart in Canada. If it ever was.
No lie ozark trails has been killing it lately, i bought one of thier 32oz insulated water bottle and tested it against my yeti and i see no difference. Yeti is a little bit thicker metal and dents a little less but at 15bucks vs 50 buy 3 of them and a bag of ice for the price of a yeti.
Don't buy an assembled, big box bike.  If they won't give you one in the box at the store, order it online and assemble it yourself.  That's easier than fixing a misassembled bike.
That bike looks alright. Walmart getting into the mountain bike game 15 years too late.
I love this bike got me back into biking
I just picked on of these up a few days ago and they have made some changes, first you get one water bottle mount, the luggage mount hole has been removed, the shift indicator has been removed, now it come with a Shimano micro shift with triggers, this is hands down the best mountain bike I have ever rode, first day on it I was pulling 30 foot drop offs with so much confidence, even took it on technical structures at a bike park this thing is amazing, I’ll take loosing a few mounting points and a shift indicator for the upgraded micro shift drive train!! That LT WOO drive train is $16 trash, I’m SO thankful they upgraded.  BTWif you ask Walmart they will give you this bike still in the box for you to put together yourself, DON’T buy one off the rack, I built mine myself.
This bike literally stopped me in my tracks in my local walmart the other day.  I paused to look at it and then dismissed it. Awesome that i get to watch your review just a couple days later! Now i kinda want one.
No one is talking about the scwinn axum💀💀💀
lot of bike for the money
"for all that money" lol
the parts on there now are not as good. since this review
I wish Walmart had the quality of a bike when I really got back into biking twenty some years ago. Looks like a huge upgrade from the Next line of crap lol. Thanks for the video
Can you do a comparison between the Ozark Trail and the Schwinn axum DP. To see which is the best bang for your buck.
I might get one!
It's out of stock, I couldn't find it any where in Houston, Texas. It's not even available online.
hhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...GREAT and Honest Review!!!! subd/liked from an old Italiano cyclist! bike does need a cooler DIY-paint job, fenders, lights. you know, know...like REAL bikes :-)
Just FYI when you pick one of these up,pay attention to the hub rubber seals. I found 4 of them at my local walmart that were all missing one on the front and rear hubs. Some were only missing one while others were missing two. On mine you could see the ball bearings on my front hub. Make sure you get this squared away before you leave as it took an act of congress for me to walk out with one.  Cheers, DMoney
Just picked up the updated version at Walmart tonight
dude it’s a pedal bicycle. it doesn’t require expert knowledge
the front wheel may actually have been installed by a 5 year old... does it say where it's assembled?
Thinking about buying my first mountain bike, what do you think of the Schwann Ranger against the Ozark Trail?
Just picked up this bike on sale and it's the updated 2024 model with the windowless microshift components, and the narrow wide chainring. And there's actually a clutch on the derailleur. It looks like Walmart listened again
They have a gravel one now! WE NEED YOUR REVIEW NOW on the ozark trail 700c g 1 explorer!!! 😮
Back in the 90's, $400 for a bike was a lot!
8;00 where is this trail
I just saw this today  It feels awesome  I'm buying it !!!!
lol Walmart are doing the same in the tablet market with their ONN series. Cheap affordable in-house alternatives, the same as Amazon has done before them on a lot of common household goods.
BTW I just took at look at this bike on the Walmart Website, and it looks like this video is linked in the product description.
How does this compare to the Axum
Seeing as Walmart built Bentonville I’m not surprised they are upping the game with this bike!
Just bought one today rode it home my only minor gripe is I'd have preferred a more comfortable seat (it wasn't bad honestly) - prob be my first upgrade. Its going to be a more ride around town occasional trail bike for me and mostly for exercise, its actually easier for me to ride then walk at my age.
Just wanted to say that I'm thrilled to have stumbled upon your channel & videos, this one definitely helped to be my final purchasing sway for the Ozark! Just got the MT200 hydraulic brakes installed and planning to re route the rear internally once I get the bleed & barb/olive kit in. Thanks again and I certainly hope we can meet for a local NC ride one day.   o7
I paid $300-400 for for each of my GT aggressive pros. It has Shimano gearsets.... So there's that. There's nothing this bike has that it doesn't.
These are currently $298 at Walmart.
Exactly the type of review I've been looking for. When I search the internet for budget/beginner bikes I get alot of people saying to avoid bikes under $1000 like the plague, which to someone who just wants to try the sport makes absolutely no sense. I'd rather spend as little as possible on something I can upgrade over time or ditch for a better one when I actually know how to ride, because for the first few months to years after my initial purchase I'm not going to be shredding downhills, taking huge drops, or big jumps. I'm just going to be learning the basics and building up strength on easy trails or even just asphalt.
I wish you would do a head to head on the Kent and ozark now that they both have multiple sizes. I bought both thanks to you and I have my own options but you can buy a Kent for 190 lol
Seth's comment about taking your new department store bike to a mechanic after purchase should be taken seriously.  I had planned on taking my newly purchased Talbot bike up and down some serious hills including a stretch of freeway that I can legally ride on.  Just before I began a hill descent while I could reach speeds over 25 mph, the entire handlebar assembly worked it's way out and into my hands.  I was complete shocked and pissed that I now had to finish the next eleven miles on foot.  Silver lining-I carry tools now.
If you’re into gravel bikes Ozark Trail just released the G.1 Explorer for only $248 and it’s amazing.
Get the shwin Axum DP
Hey Seth, I just got one of these in size large, manufactured December 2023, and there are some differences in the parts. The front rotor is now 180mm, the drivetrain is now a Microshift Acolyte 9 speed (with Springlock), and the chainring appears to be different as well. That's what I noticed so far. It looks like they are still iterating and improving upon this design. I'm glad I decided to buy new for this one!
Ozark Trail is built by Kent International. There are some models made specifically for Walmart. If you buy it, have a real bike mechanic assemble it. The people assembling bikes in the store are stock people, not skilled bike mechanics.
I’m like 5’9, 17 or 19 inch frame?
Seth, you should review the marlin m900 it is from an indian brand I have it now and I think it has the best parts in 470 dollars just see it.
They just Upgraded it.
I'm curious if anyone has told you about the newest version of the Ozark Trail Ridge. I bought two after watching your videos and one was just like the one that you made the video using and the other one... well, wasn't.   I bought one for my wife and one for me, online. One of them shipped assembled from my local walmart while the other one shipped from out of state in a box.   I was pleasantly surprised to find quite a few differences from the videos of yours. I'm going to list some differences I spotted below.  - 180mm Front brakes (instead of the 160mm) - JAK Front and Rear brakes (previous was Radius) - Acolyte Derailleur (as oppose to the L-TWOO used before) - Rear Derailleur has a clutch - Microshift Advent shifter (previous was L-TWOO) - No display window showing current gear on shifter - 30T Narrow Wide chainring (previous was round) - No plastic ring around the chainring - Thicker crank arms - Tires look overall the same but now have Yellow "Kenda" lettering on one side - Smaller/sleeker dork disc - Comes with a kickstand (for those that wish to install it)  Also, the owners manual has information for a Small Frame. I'm hoping that means we are pretty close to them releasing the small frame.  I'm going to be returning the now outdated model that I received.
Give me the upgrade and I'll give you $400 for it I'm getting back into mountain biking after multiple years and recovery from alcohol and drugs😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤
I'm looking at two Diamondbacks the Kona dome I think it is and they're at around $500 ish what would you recommend in between the say 5 and 600?? ❤❤❤
Check the Northrock xc27 from costco
just picked this bike up at my local Walmart on clearance for 242 after tax and dropped it off at a bike shop to make sure it's assembled correctly
Bentonville, AR is becoming a Mecca of mountain biking… Bentonville is home of Wal mart. Wal Mart requires house brands to have shop set up within so many miles of Bentonville. It makes sense.
Loved the vid Seth thanks for being transparent as always 💜
What's the front chainset and rear?  How low gear is it?
Everything I've ever bought Ozark Trail has been an absolute value. No reason they should be ashamed to put their name on the side nor should you be to have it. That's my 2 pennies
I've been sober of alcohol 5 years it'll be 6 years July 4th and I've been cleaned off all drugs 8 years in the middle of september I'm looking to get back into mountain biking after a few years break from a knee surgery I also have ADHD so it helps as I'm not a big fan about working out anymore but I really want to get back into riding it'll help with my back as well it always has and I think I'm going to go with the Ozark trail I do know how to work on bikes and stuff and I will do upgrades eventually unless you recommend getting something else on a different website for around the same price I've only been watching your channel for a couple days I've already subbed and I'm really enjoying your platform in the way you lay out your videos thank you very much it's easy for someone with bad ADHD like me I'm even on medication for it and I can understand them LOL😅😅😅😅
I’m I the only idiot that can’t get air in the tires
What do you think of the upgraded vibe 27.5 ?
Dude... can the cheezy elevator music... it's drowning out your verbal commentary... other than that... great vid... ;)
I’d convert it to a SS.
Super ozark lets goo
Can anyone find this with a small frame???
That’s a company that listens to consumers.  They are still no great at assembling, but they sure make modifications.
The Walton sons are the ones building all the trails in Bentonville btw.
The Ozark Trail is made by Kent International (BCA) in Manning, SC. Same company as the Kent Trouvaille.
So I'm a MTB newbie... what's the difference between this and say, the 27.5" Ozark Trail Vibe? I understand that the tire size is different, but what makes one more suited for certain uses than the other? I do ride ADV motorcycles, so am I right in assuming that, like on motorcycles, the larger wheels would be better for rougher terrain? Mostly, I'm going to be riding pretty level ground with my 5 year old (with maybe an occasional "dad day" to ride some not overly technical areas near me). So either one would probably be ok for my use?
this is about to become the most repainted bike on the trails
BUT it's NOT a real bike for 400. You had to double the cost to make it worth anything.
Just got one yesterday and took it for a ride in my parking lot this evening and was highly disappointed with the free hub. Returned it immediately I mean I knew I was going to be doing some upgrades but bike figured I'd get at least one or two laps at my local trail. Not.
I bought one and did a bunch of upgrades. It’s a fantastic bike.
Looks like they copied my trek marli 4  2023
Who the hel put your bike together
Looks like a great bike..not bad
So like if I want to get my first downhill mtb and i have ZERO experience in working on/riding/ owning a mtb, would this be good for an ultra beginner like me?
Lt-woo do alot for gravel bikes and juat done an all electric front and rear derailleur and looks to be a money saver im wanting to Test one on the rear of my embt it works and got great reviews LT woo is what people are turning to for the gravel Bikes here in the UK
Walmart cooked in this one fr
I have again been watching all these videos about Walmart mountain bikes. First, for an entry mountain bike, I got a Marlin Trex mountain bike for an entry bike 599 from my bike shop, my point here is you are going to spend that on a 400-dollar bike or more to bring it up to my Trex bike and it will never be a trex bike I got T hydraulic disc brakes too. So why would you bother with a Walmart bike at all. My next observation is most people buying a Walmart bike are not going to run it down the side of a mountain they might go down a flat dirt path that is all. Please try for just once to compare mountain bikes for street riding or commuting because most people are not looking for a spandex road bike too uncomfortable to ride not everyone is a jock. So how do the Walmart mountain bikes hold up for us paved roadies they hold up well because we are not beating the S out of them so with good maintenance which is super important the Walmart bike should last for years please tell these types of people and they are the majority that the Walmart bike bikes will be okay for them and the wives are not going to let their husband who has three children go down the side of a mountain 20 miles per hour between two trees 36 inches apart that is very selfish on the riders part if you are single go on out and end up in the er with no kids visiting you asking you why you did that crazy stuff. So to some things up no one going down the side of a mount who is that experienced to be able to do that is going to be on a Walmart bike so stop using a Walmart bike for most bikes use light flat trail riding good for you to be able to show off taking all those jumps these a not Walmart People stay in your league which is bike shop bikes and stay out of Walmart you do not belong there and either do your reviews
Buen video. Hola desde Honduras.
Great bike. I found one for 110 $; it was a return.  I been riding it,  have no problems with the bike. It is my first modern mountain bike.  My other bike is a 1990 Trek mountain bike with no shocks.  The Ozark look huge,  compare to my old  Trek.
Going to be honest here, pretty sure anyone who really wants to get into mountain biking and not regret their purchase 5 years from now is going to buy either a canyon grand canyon 5 or 6. Really the only thing you need to do to them is upgrade the forks and add a dropper seat post.
Walmart uses 3rd party assemblers. sadly they did away with walmart assemblers. I used to be an assembler and I am an avid cyclist. I took pride in ensuring that brakes, handlebars and levers were all installed properly
Is this better then a 2019 giant talon 3?  Thanks in advance
Walmart is listening to Youtuber Kev Central. I've been referencing Kev Central when low income friends of mine ask for recommendations and upgrades.
I bought a used Trek 26 in for 120$ and it's nice any more spent than that for a bike is foolish
That frame looks really tought and good too, so it would be a cheap base for building a decent bike, if you're just getting into biking
Yes the Huffy aneurysm
Better than bye in a13000 dollar bike
I got one slapped the price sticker from a $160 and walked out paying 160 hehe decent bike
But the bike store guy will laugh at me when I ask him to fix it up for me 😭
In the UK we have a brand of bikes called Carrera and they're bang for your buck mountain bikes   They're coat between £250-£550 and they've pretty good values for just £400 you get hydrolic brakes with 1x drive trains with a tapered head tube  Ive never seen a bike in my life with a tapered head tube thats under £500
That Ozark blows away my very first MTB. That was a 1994 $780 Specialized steel Rockhopper. Some crappy Suntour fork, low end Gripshift, acera derailleur, etc etc. This Ozark would’ve been a super bike back then.
I can't remember what Walmart bike video, but you found a sticker on a mountain bike that said "not for off-road use" or something, well I bought my daughter a Walmart mountain bike and figured out why they had that sticker, first semi rough trail we road, her back wheel needed to be trued up, I have a spoke wrench, think I'll try leaving wheel on bike and spin it and try adjusting spokes where the brake pads touch rim
At least 1x10 would have been nice...
Hey buddy I’m looking at possibly getting this bike but also thinking about the canyon 5 and xtrada 6. First time buying a bike… any suggestions? Thanks!
Really great review!!
Hey Seth, would love to see your thoughts on the Eastern Bikes Alpaka, it's also right at the $400 price point, and looks to be a pretty compelling value coming standard with a 1x drivetrain and hydraulic brakes. Most of the parts aren't name brand which does give me some hesitation.
I'm new to mountain biking.  Is it normal to drop the chain?  Would getting a slightly more expensive name brand bike make that less likely?
I'm here seeking advice because I posted in a local Facebook group, and as expected, received a lot of negative comments about this bike. People said it's not durable, the wheels won't hold up, and I should spend my money on a used bike or invest in a more expensive full-suspension (a "squishy") bike. To be honest, these comments have made me question my decision. However, I really enjoy building and upgrading things, and I think this bike could be a fun project over time. Plus, I don't know much about used bikes, and I'm concerned about getting someone else's problems. Some group members suggested having a meeting at a local bike shop so a mechanic could inspect it, which I appreciated. But, I'm still looking for some reassurance that this bike is a good choice for me.
I just got one brand new for $30. I got it off a guy from work. Just don't know how to get air in the tire.
Out of stock 😢
This is why your videos are always the best. Seriously you review both high and low end bikes giving positive/real life type of reviews.
I wonder how the water bottle comes out of the cage on the seat tube when wedged under the top tube??
this bike with some take off facebook marketplace upgrades could be stellar.  I don't ride anymore but If someone called me and said lets hit the creeper trail, i'd probably go buy one of these before renting a bike for 100 bucks .
You are the reason I'm getting one of these bikes on the first.
Anything below $7k is trash and shouldn’t exist
The plastic around the crank is called a bash guard. It's to protect the teeth on the chain ring from bashing into rocks and damaging them
Has anyone heard of Retrospec ascent? I want to know if its a good starter bike
Hey Seth what rear drivetrain and front cranks would you recommend for this bike? Decent quality I mean.
Nice video.  If I were to buy now, I'm thinking I'd rather spend a lil more and not feel I need to upgrade pedals, derailures, and brakes.  If anybody has a good suggestion let me know.  I'd rather spend 500ish and not upgrade.
its a shame how many useless bikes are sold. luckily there was little shift the last few years to more quality. but also with electronics and toys and food there is a lot going wrong. but we as consumers have the choice to change something.
FWIW: L Twoo is a company formed when SRAM pulled their production out of Taiwan, and a bunch of Taiwanese SRAM engineers wanted to to keep working in the bike industry.It's pretty competent hardware.
Is it good bike?
Will you review the Schwin Axum Large? I am stuck between the Ozark Trail Ridge and the Schwin Axum as I am a larger rider and want to have a sturdy bike for leisure off-road riding.
Not bad.  But still.  For a beginner just a couple hundred more and you could be into a Felt Ninner.
Thank-you for such an honest review! Too often, those within a sphere of influence, become snobs and won't even consider that a price-point OR a brand might be viable. I see it all the time in photography--everybody wants the latest and greatest lens or camera body even though that body or lens is a magnitude more capable than their abilities will EVER be.  Same for mountain bikes--most people will never tackle a black diamond downhill in Whistler and don't need a $3K/4K/5K mountain bike.  Most people are weekenders, looking to get outside for exercise or fun with family and THIS bike will allow them to do that.  IF they want to take things to the next level they can either upgrade this platform or invest in something else.
You think this is a good beginner bike?
I got the carbonx it’s disassembled it was one of the free bikes I got but I don’t have the parts to get it rolling
cant u peel off the Ozark trail sticker?
As someone who is looking to upgrade their old Schwinn, going from rim brakes to disc brakes, no front suspension to a front suspension fork. This seems like it hits a lot of boxes from someone who just causally rides for fun and exercise, at half the price of the name brand.
The ltwo group set is a clone sram with shimano clone parts
Would anyone recommend this to someone looking to get started in the sport?
i love the shirt less is more
The branding is huge for me. Considering I rarely spend $ at Walmart. I just want to blend in; and as a complete noob MTB’r, the value here looks nice, but I’ve learned a little more spend will pay off in frustration and upgrades. I would consider it heavily, but my gravel bike just ticks all my boxes!
Upgrade video
Head bikes have some really good deals I have a 40% off employee perks I can get a mountain bike for like 200!
Can't wait for the Huffy Aneurism review!
Take a look at the Royce Union RHT. It has 2x11 shimano drivetrain, nice cranks, rear clutch derailer, WTB tubeless ready rims, Kenda tubeless ready tires, hydraulic disc brakes, XCT fork, and a nice WTB saddle. It's currently $308 USD with a 20% off discount available so its under $250 with free shipping!! I'm what else can beat that.
I like this bike BUT there is one thing that I just DONT like about the way it looks… the rear tire!! It’s soooo close to the frame … maybe like 1/4” clearance from the tread of the tire to the frame. Every other bike I’ve seen usually has like 2 or 3” of clearance. Does this affect anything?
does someone know how heavy it is? he didn't mention it
That's crazy value but I maintain used is always the way to go.
So for someone wanting to get into this, and not spend what you could for a dirt bike, it seems the consensus is that this would be a viable option without getting clowned? Hahaha
worter bawtle
What would be a  better budget front suspension upgrade worth making assuming the other stuff was done first?
Nice!!! Now I want to get one!
Just a heads up, there is an Ozark trail vibe, 27.5 inch hard tail, for $298.  It looks a lot like the ridge, but with 27.5 inch tires.
i would rather have a Trek for the same price for a few year old one than a walmart bike, but it is a cool bike i'd rip it around.
Belize needs trails if you ever wanting to build again 😅🤙🏽✌🏽💯
I'd say I buy this bike if was in my size .
L2(Ltwoo) brand and Sram has some *relationship 😅 so you can expect it to be quite good or decent for the price that's lesser than branded counterparts. Believe it or not I personally used and abused that same L2 A5 shifter and derailleur for a BRIETLING x IRONMAN challenge with 313.1km distance and 17:44:28 hrs of moving and it lasted to this day still in good condition.
Upgrade it like truvail
I just ordered this bike recently.   Im excited about doing upgrades to it!
Just picked this bike up after seeing this video and I'm very happy I did. I do have one question I'm hoping you will answer. What make make are the water bottle and holders, they fit perfectly and I'd like to get them. Keep making all the great videos you do!!!
Is this better than the Schwinn Axum ??
Great video
Hey Seth My wife and I just hit our 50's this year and we want to take up riding again for exercise as well as fun. Do you have any good recommendations for bikes for her and I?
I got my xct30 for 110 dollars at walmart. They had a whole section of where people brought back bikes for defects and walmart sent them off to get fixed. So when they came back to the store they had to sell them for a discount price! So far so good! I love this bike!
My (Large size) Trouvaille has the routing and ports for a dropper. Even though it is an "odd" size I have had no trouble finding dropper posts that will fit.
This or the Kent Trouvaille?
one thing to be carful of is the pedals breaking. there nothing but thin plastic and broke in half during my second ride. i had not hit any hard landings.
Can you please do this same video with a 27.5 tire. I'm 5'3"
LTWOO is a Chinese groupset maker... junk imo. Otherwise a very interesting bike.
I like the looks on that one
Would have been good to say how the geometry compares to the more expensive branded MTB.
SUPER OZARK!
I bought the ozark cuz I saw I don't need a high end bike yet but I do love it but I want to upgrade on her
Who knows maybe the next sticker will be "This bicycle is not rated for pedaling". What I would say to the Walmart assemblers is "Don't assemble drunk".
Okay,  $500 bucks after you pay me to fix all the assembly problems. That's the actual price for most people if they want it functional and safe to ride.
I’m late to the party on this bike but it really reminds me of the schwinn Axum more than the Kent trouvaile. IMO the Axum still is/was the best bang for the buck in multiple sizes and a dropper post at $450
I saw one of these recently and gave it a once over. It looked like a tapered headset but I couldn't tell if it was just a gimmick. Now that I know it is legit, I might pick one up. I have a spare RockShox fork that could go on it. Would be much better than the Suntour and probably shave a pound or two...
Just an FYI, if this helps anyone, the Ridge is only offered in medium and large.  I am 5'11" and I originally bought the large because I was in between the two sizes.  The large is HUGE; it is as big if not bigger than most companies XL bikes.  The only large bikes that are similar in size large are the Rocky Mountain Fusion series, Marlin Gen 3 series, and Kona Lava Dome.  Part of the issue with the large frame is the stack...it is 662mm!!  I have ridden the Fusion, Marlin Gen 3, and Lava Dome and they didn't feel as big.  Long story short, I went with the medium and I think that was a good choice.  The Ridge medium is almost identical in size to the Trek Marlin Gen 2 series large or the Gen 3 series M/L (which is my recommended size).  The geometry is sooooo close to the Marlin Gen 3, if you like that feel.  So, I feel like I got Marlin 6 Gen 2 for half the price or Gen 3 for $500 less, and ready for upgrades!  If I put that extra $400-$500 into this bike, it will dominate similar priced bikes spec-wise.  I hope this helps!
If only there was a X-Large
Dumb question for the experts who read these comments. If I were to take a bike that costs thousands of dollars and camouflage it as a cheap bike (repaint, fake name on the frame, no name on the crank, derailleur etc.) what would absolutely scream "not worth stealing"? Kent? Huffy? Maybe create fake wal-mart logo? And what color? Neon green? Maybe applied with a spray can complete with runs and drips?  With the crank painted the same color?
The one to beat this bike is the Huffy Scout - it’s darn near perfect and I have a Specialized P3 that I’ve been able to compare it to. The drive frame is Shimano and the frame is aluminum. The form seems to be a spring fork but is amazing!
Walmart on the rise!  Look out Trek! 😂😂
You NEED to review the Schwinn Axum!!!
wow. Im a little more than shocked you dropped the CT bomb ... respect from the six
I too will bet someone was watching Seth.
Wow, what a wonder, Walmart?
I'd love to see a review from you about the Jamis A2 Highpoint, i bought this in a department store here in Switzerland for 800 CHF and did some major upgrades like a rock shox Judy air remote, deore xt brakes, dropper post, lighter tires, sealed Headset, Bar and grips, some big flat pedals, adjusting the hubs they were way to tight. I am using this as my winter ride and as a project bike, super smooth biking
Which you recommend Ozark or Trouvaille?
What the hell has happened to this channel!!! Lost so many subscribers. Berm Peak build was so interesting.
My 2019 Jamis Komodo A1 only has one bottle cage mount...
At least China is making bike for waltmart.
Ozark trail is becoming a pretty damn good in house brand. They make some fairly decent tents now and other camping supplies. Also noticing more and more including this bike being made in Taiwan instead of China which is always a plus.
The Kent Trouvaille now has two sizes, only online though
WOW $400 my xtr cassette cost more than that, haha.
I would like to see you review the ascend yungas by bass pro, there’s no reviews on it.
Ok, the next time I see a parent consider a mtb for their teenager at Walmart, and IF it is an Ozark Trail, I will not talk them into visiting a local bike shop (LBS) instead.
The great Kabal of the Walton family and Cassidy road. Keep their greedy hands out of our trails.. The Marlin 5 has some serious monkey butt but you got the word treck on yer scraper bike.  Huffy is a wayyyy cooler name btw.  Stu Thomas might agree.... SAVE YOUR MOM AND POP BIKE SHOPS OR BOW DOWN.... KEEP THEIR MARGINS REASONABLE SO IT Doesn't TURN ITO SH-T SHO.  Iv loved bicycles all my life and it's becoming painful to watch the industry go to poop.  No more money grabbing!
I will like to know how i can upgrade this exact same bike with some better front  forks
Have a question, I'm a new rider. Not sure what size bike I need. I'm 5'8 @ 185-200 pnds. What size bike and correct air pressure for front and back tires?
Looks great for someone who used to ride a ton back in the day, and might want to get back into it or at least have a something for occasional use. I, er they, would end up researching the cheapest viable bike and land on this since it's reviewed well...
Trouvaille 2023 has sized frames and internally routed dropper port. I own two and have converted them into mid mount eBikes. CST Patrols are made by MAXXIS tires, so they are name brand. Love ya, Seth, but I felt like you were a Walmart Salesman...Did you know they also bought a High-End bicycle company $2K +++? In my experience with Walmart entry level mountain style bicycles, The Schwinn AXUM is even better value for upgrading and they even have dropper post included models. Schwinn made it easy to swap out to hydraulic brakes. AXUM comes with unbranded 2.8" knobby tires and 30mm internal width Schwinn branded rims and unbranded hubs. 1x8 easily upgraded to SRAM AXS XPLR or DEORE by Shimano. Again, I put a mid mount motor kit on it along with a RockShox RL 35 Gold 160mm suspension fork and believe I have found nirvana on two wheels!
Spot on about those that buy a bike at Wal-Mart.  They'll over look a great budget hard-tail to get a really crappy FS bike for the same money.
My only complaint on entry level frames is the lack of through axle.  I just watched your latest video that showed off the upgradable balance bike and it reminded me of the upgrade wall I hit with my first mtb frame.  Having a through axle means you could turn this into a $5000 bike if you wanted.
Biggest takeaway is it's made in Taiwan and not China, surprisingly. Wow, Walmart huh
@BermCreekExpress I can get a used Ozark trail or shwinn taff pro. Are either worth it or do I spring for a specialized rock hopper. Please help.
Huffy Zaire
And actually how about the Eastern Alpaka and Walmart also sells a few top of the line bikes over $2000
Have you tried the huffy dakari
I wonder if they did this because Bentonville AR is the headquarters of Wallyworld walmart and I have heard they have really good mtn bike trail system there. So maybe some actual mtn bikers finally got a say in one of their bikes. Thanks for your Videos. Keep posting!
Honestly, this may be my first bike I buy! I have been wanting to get into this sport. Thanks for this review!
I think it is a smart thing to congratulate a store that did a good job.  I am a bit puzzled and even concerned by this low price: who is making any money in the long supply chain needed to bring this to your door?
Hey Walmart if you are actually listening make one of these with more modern geometry and you would sell an absolute TON of these bikes.
Is this available in the UK. Or an equivalent
Can we get a video where you upgrade this bike? I got this one about 6 weeks ago and would like to start upgrading it but don't know where to start
I agree ... The Graphics are too bold   Smaller Fonts would be fitting for a bike this classy .
Getting into mountain biking and this seems like a good start. Gonna check my Walmart now. Second stop if I find one is my local bike shop
@Berm Peak Express Can u do a upgrade video for this bike? I'm def looking to get one of these and ill throw some money at it.
Trek marlin 5 or this?
I love these informative videos. That drop seatpost preparation on the frame is brilliant!  My opinion is similar, the brakes on this bike need to be replaced with hydraulic ones,  metal pedals are definitely necessary, and the derailleur needs to be replaced. Then, during use, it will have to replace the fork, if they are damaged, also the wheels and chainring. Maybe the saddle for more comfort.
Seth, thank you for making this video. I picked one of these up last Sunday and I'm super happy with it.  I haven't been able to get it out on a trail yet (probably won't do anything to extreme), but I have ridden to work and back the last two days (around a 7 mile round trip).  It's been a few years since I've had a bike and I missed having one, and this bike suits my needs perfectly.  I can't wait to ride it with my son, and get out and explore.
Whats wrong with a kickstand?
Still waiting for the upgrade video....
The Kent Trouvaille has sized frames now, Medium and Large. They also added internal dropper routing holes, although the seat post is non-standard. It's got a plastic film chainstay protector, too.  All that's missing is mount points for a second water bottle cage.
@Berm Peak Express - Through your videos and my submission to his parents, my nephew got one of these quite recently. I've taken him on a few rides. I upgraded the grips (ODI Elite Pro), pedals (Fooker) and installed hydraulic brakes (MT200) and he's had a great time on it. Hell, so have I! It's super easy to manual/wheelie and is pretty playful. He has had one crash thus far, and it became apparent to me why the bike is so affordable. The frame is made out of cheese! The down tube had an impact with a rock (flat, falling over slowly, 120lb 12yo kid) and it seems to have crumpled inwards a bit. Would you consider taking a hacksaw to one and checking out wall thickness? I'm curious how far removed from a coke can it really is.
I found a fully new mtb for 60 dollers
Hey man, Love your videos, they help a lot and are very entertaining, your a pretty chill guy, I Subscribed to both of your channels! Keep pump'n out these great vids
Cheap department store bikes have made an impact on the bmx industry. As a rider I feel obligated to spend my money on products made by riders. Funding mass produced brands who see mtb as a cash grab will take away from the growth of companies who will more likely stay in the industry long term or if things go south. Free market does what the free market wants but that’s just how I spend my money.
Please will you give away me a bike ,too poor to buy one
Cool! This is similar to an REI Co-op DRT 1.1 bike I got for my daughter a few years ago. Just less expensive and less Shimano.
The founder of LTWOO (Made in China) is the retired Research & Development Head of SRAM's gear set (rear & front derailleur and shifters). It's a knock- off of the SRAM. I've been using the A9 model since 2019 & it still works. Spring tension is still good.
i have a Ozark trail bike kind of like this but still very good at what it does. mine has a regular kick stand and black matte paint orange brakes but everything else is the same. $350 ish for the whole thing and easy to upgrade.  absolutely love it and hope to hit some trails here in the Ozark mountains of Arkansas!
New to mountain biking and was looking for a budget bike I could learn to work on myself, thank you for the review, I purchase this bike because of your 2 videos. I can't wait for that theoretical raining day where you start upgrading it. I am very interested in which dollar friendly components you will be using.
Timberline bike park open now it think, finally
Motorcycles spoil you price wise, a Trek Slash 8, is the same price as a 40horse with Abs motorcycle
The REI bike 1.1 is like 422 on sale and when I got it. Holds up but I don’t jump it
Axum dp vs this?
Should have reviewed an Axum - boost spacing with internal routing a steeper sta.
Was wondering when you would review this bike it a upgrade from the Kent and a little cheaper. But I think you should check the owners manual because it still informs you not to take this bike off road.
i cant wait for the kent travil vs ozark trail, the bugget bike wars,  its to bad I'm in AUS I would love to test these bikes out..
I have a legitimate question for you I had almost as many bikes as you ranging from old restored steel fix geared to 26-in BMX bikes. I've been battling cancer for 3 years and I'm starting to feel a little bit better no radical riding at the moment for me I sold anything of value I had to help pay for medical bills as I went including my bikes and I had four Honda four wheelers. What would be a good hard tail to buy at the $1,200 mark with a decent front suspension? For at least the first year I would be doing very light trails. I've been recommended by friends to the jamis I can't remember the model. But it's in my price range and they say it's a good model to get back in the riding. Do you know this model? Is it a decent bike from your background? If not do you know something in my price range that starts out as a good trail machine light trails and eventually I can upgrade into a little bit heavier trails due to the kind of cancer I have it is highly susceptible to come back so I'll never do radical riding again but I want to get out there looking forward to your answer and suggestions
Sounds like the bike I'm looking at ngl, but it'll be somewhat upgradeable
When is you ozark trail parts upgrade coming.?? I am new trail bicker and I have Ozark trail. I need some advice. Thanks
I was wondering if you seen Temu app, they have a mountain bike for $850 saying it's carbon fiber frame what do you think🤔🤔
How’s this compared to the gt aggressor
You should do a vid where you upgrade it for under $1000
I’d like to see you do a review on the GT aggressor pro from Dicks sporting goods. It has mixed reviews in the bike community. It’s been on sale for a while now for 300 bucks.
Anything comparable to this in Europe/Germany? my hardtail just got stolen and im fucking desperate. would ride that thing back to home if i could.
that ltwoo a5 has good spring tension ,currently using that shifter and rd for 3 years,doing only xc trails and few drops(not that high) and no Chain drops at all not even once
Thoughts on Vitus nucleus 29 vr?
How does this compare to the Axum?
Super Ozark it is!! :)
what are the thoughts on the costco intense bikes?
You should do a side by side comparison. Say which one rides better and all that
I like how he says nobody uses the lock out and then in the next video he talks about how you should use the lock out
L-Twoo are a chinese brand.  They do some cheap stuff and have just released an electronic road set as well.
Thank you for this review, I was looking at store bike and this will probably work for me, now if I understand correctly I can upgrade my the derailer and add one with a clutch? Also can I upgrade to hydraulic disc brakes? And last what size do you recommend for a 6'2?  Thank you.
Supposedly several of the Walton boys got into mtb,  and being based in the ozarks in Bentonville with hundreds of mtb trails, partially donated & developed by the Walton's. Now Bentonville is the new mtb mecca.   They also make a $3k+ carbon ht under a different name, think starts w/an "A"?
Walmart should make these in electric....say,750 Watt 48volt 17ah...fat tire...
😅 just happened to be there and ive seen a carbon version for 678
For $400 (domestic product) it is an absolute shitty bike. 😅
Schwinn Axum DP 29er is a real contender
I rode it, it sucks😂👎🏽
As someone who lives by the Walmart headquarters I’m not surprised they made a decent beginner bike considering the Walton’s have a helicopter with bike racks
Great content as usual.  What's the park name that you test your bikes in the video???  Thanks
L-TWOO mechs are surprisingly good for its price..
Hey Seth this is a great bike for the money but I believe the Schween Axum DP is better considering they give u a dropper post though u might want to check it out it’s currently 400dollars
Seth's wife: so.... where's the towel?
I am impressed at the price tag especially in this economy
For $100 more you can buy a Trek marlin
Come on Seth, you gotta know the China brands by now! L-twoo and Sensah, acutally make good stuff in the mid to high ende range
Sorry I want montaine bike like this how much.
I was really eying the kent☺🙂
Went and got one after watching this. I've been looking for a mtb for a minute now but can't afford the "nice" ones, at least yet. I have had it for about a week now and it's plenty fun for a beginner. I expected the assembly to be poor and so there were a few things to tighten up. I've decided to put a hydraulic brake kit (MT200) on it as soon as possible and I would recommend it to anyone interested in this bike. Thanks for the video, looking forward to seeing Super Ozark. 👍
Buy a vitus
What do you think about the GT agressor pro, which has been on sale for quite a while on dicks for $300? Compared to this one, whats the best buy?
I almost had my doubts on my previous purchase but seeing the upgrades that were made on this one, I'm alright with my trouvaille for now. I carry a backpack but a second rack for water would be better
Whats the size on that frame? I have a M trouvaille and it feels a bit large for me
Any chance you know the geo numbers?
the rd is ltwo a7 or a9 or a5?
Tough sell. I just got my wife a women’s CANYON Grand Canyon with Deore 1x12 and hydro disc brakes for $499 and free delivery.
1:50 i dont think ozark trail is a walmart brand, i have a multitool that is from then, and i got it from a knife shop
What's the best deal for 1k, so I don't do updates that much
I just picked one of these up at my local Walmart, with the intent of getting back into biking after a couple decades. I hope we see more videos with this bike. Dropper post, air shock upgrade, derailleur. That sort of stuff. Cheers
Been wondering about these; just sent the vid to a friend of mine that wants a bike but wants something decent for low cost. Boom! There it is.
Trek marlin 5 only 599.00. Not the best but very capable of most trails.
I don't know if it was just my Walmart but they're selling this bike for 299 not 399!
My local Walmart has one in my size in stock, I'm giving it a try. My neighbor got the Trouvaille and he destroyed his bottom bracket on jumps already
Schwinn Axum is good for the price.
They are available in sizes?! What! Finally!  For many small and midsize towns, Walmart is the only place to get a bike!  Thank you for doing this Walmart!  I ride the mountains of New Mexico on a Trek Fuel 9.9 xx1...when. ot on the trail, I commute around my small town...the Trek is eye candy for every walking crack head to steal...I will pick up an OT from Wally world for commuting and riding back roads and alleys around Roswell....
found it
Definitely waiting for the Huffy Aneurysm!
also found a similar bike called the carpat wrangler . it seems interesting
4 bikes. No bearing grease. 50 year old law. 🤷🏻‍♂️ but in my experience going from being too heavy to fit, and 4 bikes later, a chain system I've come across with a flat bottom, and a different tooth system, seems to be far more effective per rpm and grade. I'd be fascinated to see how it performs on this bike. Simple search gates carbon drive system. 🤔
I'm here for when Seth does the upgrades on this bike
I would like to say that ltwoo derailure is a very popular brand in my country. I have one but i have the elite version. The ltwoo rd is very reliable.
Can anyone review (29" ABLE Bike Co. CORE ) bike.
I was looking at this bike today was kinds hesitant because I never been on a 29er mtb. That's when I noticed the 27.5 version for $298 more than likely I'm coming back after the 4th to get the 29er. As far as the guy from Walmart saying didn't have rear suspension I personally would rather have a hardtail sense I grew up riding bikes with no rear suspension. As far as upgrading parts on the bike it's the best part of owning a bike.. ..also congrats on a great video
I WANT TO SEE U UPGRADE THIS MTB TO THE FULLEST!!
im gettin it. ive been looking for a budget bike and i just dont have enough time to justify a “nice” bike. thanks for making these.
So it really isn't $400 if your saying you have to take it to a bike mechanic to make it safe... haha.. i mean if you have that skillset great, but most shoppnig at the walmart for a bike probably don't, so that is another $126 at least for the shops to give a full maintenance/safety check. It does look like a nice bike though.
Walmart is Crappy! They Massively Exploit theyre Workers!
Hi,  Im from Poland in Europe. I need a good frame cheap bike or good frame.  Im looking for internal cable routing, (including full seatube routing)  30.9 or 31.6 seattube, and tapared headset.  Can some1 advise an online shop that has frames like this?
I've realized I've had some c***** frames cheap frames with good opponents and made the bike ride pretty good like a bike shop bike. I do all my homework so I know what it takes to make a really nice bike downhill bike R hardtail.
Can you review the mongoose ardor plsss
I just wanna say Seth is the absolute g of mtb I watched his dos and don’t of mtb parks and it saved me I crashed and I was a leader of a train and he helped me know what to do like move away as fast as possible thank you seth
Will the decal come off easily?
What do you think about btwin brand
*sigh* where’s the discount codeee?
How's the L-Twoo holding up. The Shwinn Taff Comp comes with a L-Twoo TX 8s with a clutch. Works well.
Put xx1 axs groupset, xtr brakes and sid ultimate fork to make it ultimate
Thanks for the video. Just picked this bike up at my local walmart a few days ago and immediately installed mt200's. For the first time in 7-8 years im getting back on the trails and absolutely loving this bike. I had plans on copying what upgrades you did on the kent trouvaille, but honestly, as it is now will hold me off for a bit. Im very impressed with how much fun ive been having for such a small amount invested.
No hard feeling but spend a little more and get 4x the bike. I almost jumped on a ozark trail (walmart) bike. Went to a bike store bought a trek marlin 6 for $750 out the door. Warrant on parts for 1 year, other parts for life. Walmart stuff breaks, better just take it back and tree trade it in
That looks like a really good starter mtb!
So this is the one? I used to ride a specialized crosstrail with hydrolic disc brakes. Love it. Was a bike mechanic in 2013. Miss the bike. But don't want to spend that much
Looks like a good budget futureproof Hardtail to me.....
I’d love to see you review the gt stomper 24 youth bike. It’s only $249 at dicks right now…nudge nudge. At that price, it seems like a no-brainer for an entry level kids bike.
Walmarts Ozark Trail vs Dick's Sporting Goods, GT Aggressor Pro...which one is better?
Huffy Anurism !😂
That's Cedar rock right?
Hello, I just have a quick question. I'm 5 10 with an inseam of 31 inches. Should I get a size large or medium?
L-TWOO is a new budget drive train from a SRAM designer. The new 8s TX is on the Schwinn Taff Comp, it has a clutch.....
Could your truck bed be any higher??  10:00m You Never let us down with something genuinely worthwhile.
And if Dept Stores take the next step and start selling the upgrade parts then it probably is a good business decision.
Well done!
No hydraulic brakes!?
I actually avoided this because of the brand and got a schwinn because it was one of the only decent ones, might go back and pay the extra $100 to get this now. At least i already have metal pedals to slap on it too.
Wait till he finds out the Schwinn Axum has had all these features for a couple years now and has a version with a dropper post included
just buy the costco mountain bike ... it's cheap and good enough $299
Seth, I guarantee Walmart is watching you. Saw this the other day in Walmart. Go get ye one
I think another cool bike is a Canyon Stoic 2 Its a 1000 $ trail bike with 140mm Sr Suntour fork and shimano drivetrain with shimano mt200 brakes.
The Kent is available in a Medium.
That looks like the Walmart in Brevard.
What about this bike Vs Costco mountain bike at about the same price point. What would you recommend?
I made the mistake of buying a $200 Ozone mountain bike and actually tried taking it out on my MTB trail. Worst mistake I returned it the next day and never again.
Considering this bike (novice biker) loving the idea of future upgrades; for anyone who has played with these what are some best bang for buck upgrades youd recommend (specific compatibility such as a clutched derailer I'm not sure how to shop for whats compatible) to improve this out of the box? realistically I am not planning on doing hardcore trailing but you never know!
Well, Walmart owns the self proclaim best mtb park in the world, so they’ll need to make bikes at Walmart price that can be ridden on their trails instead of 5k-10k bikes.
i think it's kinda ironic how i bought one of these and then saw this video after and i can agree with everything you said having experienced riding the bike
where is the back country bash? * I need a bike bad!
this one vs  the kent  witch is better?
Food
Not sure if you have reviewed and tried this bike but I would love to see a video on the GT Aggressor pro.  Specially with the sale going on
I just wanted something quality for my wife and daughter. Got the 27.5" Ozark Trails in small and they're perfect for them. Didn't break the bank at $300 apiece but also not a throwaway like most of the Kents.
I have seen reports that the Kent Trouvalle models made in the last few months come with internal dropper post routing and sized frames.
Just ordered from the local Walmart here in Arizona..... I'll wind up shipping it home probably after my active duty orders are over. Gonna put this through some paces here in my off time. Definitely wasn't gonna ship my Capra here.
I can't imagine riding a hardtail on these kinds of trails.
What about walmarts Giordano Intrepid?
Very interesting...
What about the GT Aggressor Pro for 299? I just got one yesterday!
can you try out the Bass Pro brand Ascend Yungas mountain bike? There is almost no reviews on it.
plz mod out this bike and make it insane.
Bike lasts longer more it can be upgraded if the frame lasts and fairly certain  easier to let it go than bike that costs 2k and above!
Seriously though,  I have a son who want to bike with me but isn't that interested to really get into mountain biking. Just want to be a casual rider. I'm going to go check this out. Thanks Seth.
Hi seth I know this might come of rude or something and if it does then I'm really sorry but my names Tom and I'm 15 and my mtb forks recently come really lose and bent and I really don't have the money for new once, I was wondering if u had a spare 29" mtb fork and if so how much and how would I get you the money if u have any from like 50 to 80 if not obviously it's tottaly fine but yh sorry if this come of as rude also love your chanel ur vids always make me wanna ride
Now you can get a used name brand bike for the same price but way better.
Hey Seth have you seen the bike made out of pvc tubing ? Wondering if not I have pics (screen shots lol) and if you’d be mad enough to make Ans tear pilot one ??
It’s cool to see Walmart upping their game a bit. And I do agree that the Ozark Trail is a suitable bike for beginners. However, I think the Canyon Grand Canyon 5 is a really good value as well. They were recently blowing them out for $499. Shimano Deore 12 spd drivetrain w/ clutch. 10-50 cassette, hydraulic disc brakes, shock with lockout. I think on sale it’s much more bike for the money than the Ozark. At full price $699, maybe not though.
I might be bias cause I’ve owned one for 3 years now, but I still think the AXUM is the big box king 👑
It's also worth purchasing and installing some quality brake pads before spending to upgrade the whole brake system. I've had good results in incrrasing braking power with quality pads over the factory walmart ones.
Can you review a pro gear bike plz😊
Can you plz review a pro gear bike plz
And not one time in all his time of owning the Trouvaille did Seth pronounce its name correctly 😅 At this point he must be trolling.
This is awesome bc i just bought this bike!! Would love to see some test and what upgrades you recommend!
Seth mentioned Canadian Tire! This dude rocks lol
Question, how do you feel about carbon wheels vs aluminum wheels? And have you ever tried the elite carbon wheels?
I'm definitely the guy this bike is being marketed to. I know just enough to make a good decision, but I also know that I don't need a $2k+ whiz-bang-gizmo-packed big brand bike. I'm not going to be blazing down trails, I'm going to be cruising state parks with my family, with the occasional moment of idiocy.
Ozark trail the company who makes chairs makes bikes 😮
My dad just bought me this bike and i already broke my arm.
I'm interested for the cable routable frame alone.  I have an older Haro and the only thing original is the external cable frame.  Swap out parts and find a sticker to cover the Ozark and I'm set, haha.
Walmart is the Big Brother.
Loved the shout out to Canadian Tire!
I wonder who actually makes these frames. Seems like a Decent company got a nice paycheck from Walmart.
I've been sending this video to literally all of my friends that have said MTB is "too expensive". Not anymore!
I think you should try a manitou black fork
You should use Suntour's upgrade program to upgrade the fork. It would be interesting to see if they would do that for you.
I checked it out over the week. I'm a 300-pound guy, and the bike just didn't feel all that great. I got a Schwinn Boundary at a yard sell a couple of months ago replaced the broken derailer and the thing is pretty nice. As a beginner mtb having lots of fun on it. I took it out twice now 17 miles and haven't had a single issue. Granted, I'm not jumping it either.
flip this bike PLEASE. It would be so awesome to see you upgrade such a cheap bike into a beast
DUDE DID YOU GET A NEW TRUCK
No one is going to bring up the Wal Mart parking lot with 2/3 cars with destroyed bumper corners? 😂
I NEVER NEW THAT WALMART WOULD SELL REAL BIKES LIKE WTF
You should buy a Suzuki carry truck. I think you would like it.
Dont know why, but you tibe keeps unsubscribeing me from your channel, frustrating
I've noticed the gt aggressor pro at dicks is 299. On sale now. Does this compare? I originally bought my gt for 599 and saw it as high as 799 at one point.
I have to disagree on presta being easier for tubeless. Schrader valves are bigger and allow higher air flow making seating the tire far easier.
It seems to be a bike for, when there is a chance, upgrading the components. Instead of buying an expensive bike with expensive components, it is an option to see how you move in MTB, and, if necessary, to improve components.
ltwoo is a aliexpress groupset  why would they pout aliexpress parts on it
looked at this bike at my local wally world not a bad deal.
something about this is screaming repurposed older Trek...? maybe thats just me...
my heavy ass would probably find the weak-point to be the wheels
For that money you can get specialized rockhopper for less than a $100 more close to 499
I was in Walmart just the other day, looking for something else, and came across this bike. I had to take some time to look at it closely and was impressed. I couldn't find a price for it, and this video answered that and much more. Thanks for the review.
I agree with you. This is a good way to get started, either keep riding it, upgrade as parts wear & break. You’ll definitely get your money’s worth.
What's the bottom bracket?
Damn. I’m heading to Walmart
what about us short guys? always make them for taller people
This is great.   This is a great entry point for NICA riders whose parents are wondering if they need to spend a bunch on a new sport...
Weight on this one or the Kent, please? Thanks
You’ve inspired me to get a a mountain bike I’ve been watching since berm creek so I’m finally going to get a good hard tail thanks Seth
Hey guys  In UK we have a brand called Carrera, cheap but real solid bikes. None of this "don't use off-road" warnings, these are actual mountain bikes. Massively popular also, The'y're around $500 in US dollars, i'd say.  I have two of them and used every day., real workhorse. It would be cool if you could review one of these.
Pretty slick, and I can fit 2 more water bottles on it than I can my Capra. Good to see some quality coming from the bicycle department, with a replaceable hanger.
the sad reality is... MOST mid range mountain bikes are over priced garbage. in fact, Id bet, if they gave you a true no BS price, a $1200 min bike could actually go for closer to $600. 1000-1200 entry level hard tails are the money maker for this manufacturers. largest margins and largest volumes.
Now you need to pimp it out!
I reckon your hat cost more than that bike did....  This is a sign of the times. When there are off the shelf top end bikes for $15,000 & upwards (with prices understandably driven up by materials & proprietary technology (think knock blocks & wireless shifters & all that fancy wank)), it makes sense that there would be better & better bikes at the bottom of the price spectrum. Good times!!!  I think MTB design peaked around 2016/17 (before 1x took over). I ride a 2016 2x11 Giant XTC Advanced (Carbon) 29" Boost hardtail. It's basically perfect, meaning no manufacturer has added anything to their bikes since then which would tempt me to buy.
Cold it be a Trek xcaliber frame?
Something similar has happened in the UK with halfords. We're finally seeing Voodoo and Carrera (both owned by Halfords) at a standard which has even gained the interest of MBUK (a massive MTB magazine). Sure the components aren't top end but we're seeing Deore 10spd, we're seeing M200 hydro brakes, we're seeing 60mm stems with 760mm+ bars, we're seeing decent tyres with modern tread patterns. It's bloody awesome and offers some hope that we'll see fewer accidents on the trails as the bikes actually start getting capable at an accessible level.   That said, the Vitus Nucleus is £550 and has XCM 32 air forks (130mm, 15x110mm boost), WTB Vigilante 2.35 up front, Trail Boss 2.25 out back, 50mm stem, 760mm bars (size m), Clarks M2 brakes, Deore Shadow+ 10spd drivetrain. Even has Nukeproof Neutron bars and seat. Definitely better to spend that little extra but still super affordable.
Wow I recognized every single trail this was filmed on!
Seth shilled out to WallyWorld.
😎Thank you for the good accurate review and not just bashing the bike because it came from Walmart!
I worked at a couple of bike shops in northwest Arkansas bentonville area. Walton grandsons are super into MTB.  In fact I think they're the money behind a regional bike shop chain called Phat Tire.  I worked there like 10 years ago, lol. They are exactly why this is happening. MTB is their passion and it's super cool that they've finally got their own product.  The bike is obviously super well thought out. Even to the point of leaving easy and affordable upgrades for the soon-to-be serious MTB rider to do themselves or at LBS. Every bike shop employee probably laughed out loud about the bike assembly problems, I did. Assembling bikes is a common task for a bike shop employee, and there is a bit of an art to it, especially with the derailer. Couldn't help but chuckle about the handle bars, I mean, "come on man!"
It’s not like Seth didn’t do all of Walmart’s market research for them or anything. Walmart executive says, how do we enter the mtb game? Oh , there is a fair/logical critique on a bike we already make? What did his one million subscribers have to say about this? How many said they would buy it if those improvements were made? Yet once again Seth followed a curiosity, executed it with great entertainment value and unintentionally impacted the industry for the better.
It comes better equipped than my Marlin 5 did. My 5 has had serious upgrades and is an amazing bike now for a back up bike anyway... lol
So, @seth for a casual mtb rider looking for the best value under 6 bills, what would you suggest?  Probably  a better used bike?
i still woudlnt reccomend anyone buy this bike even if it's good quality, anyone buying an entry level bike such as this likely doesn't know how to work on their own bike and the mechanics at walmart are not good at all, it's best to spend a little more and get a bike from a bike shop where it'll be put together well and it'll be much safer
Quick question my tire got punctured by glass shards and the hole is like 5mm is it still safe to ride on?
Looking at the thumbnail I was like .  " What is Steve caballero  doing in a Mtb content " 😂😂😂
Helping an "oilfield" worker get healthy and he wants to ride but the LBS prices scare him. I'm thinking a trip to the local Walmart may be in order. Thanks for the review.
Would u ever considered selling your extra full suspension bikes im just trying to upgrade so I can continue in the sport but tight on money cause im getting married and looking for best deals to see if its even a possibility in my future
Huh... I'd almost buy one of those. I don't bike bikes much anymore but it'd be something to boot around on and get back into shape.
Wow! Your voice brings back soo many memories! On my old account, back in 2020 I used to watch this channel and your main channel every day, and this video just poped into my recommends and I LOVE it. Just subbed to your main channel and this channel! Keep up the good work:)
Saw this bike yesterday at a Walmart…my kid is 12, rides a 24” Haro and is in need of a “full size MTB” this might be the trick. I definitely will “go through it” before he rides
more rc car
is the $300 get aggressor at Dick’s Sporting Goods better?
Seth, compaired to the kent trouvaille is there one you would choose over the other
Now if they could just make a kids mountain bike.
It’s not surprising; Walmart made a point to build a massive mountain bike network around the town of its corporate offices in Arkansas.   They envisioned attracting young talent so they made the town more appealing.   I think this is a product of that investment.
Thank you for this!  Seriously impressive looking bike for $400.  Curious what you think of welds, the front of frame looked better than rear.  They must've had the tire guy do that 😂
They ARE watching you  Companies aren't stupid   They pay attention to their clientele and even more so their critics  That's how capitalism is _supposed_ to work
If I had the extra $400 I'd go pick it up right now!  I grew up BMXing and had a charity give me a road bike.  Always thought I'd grow up into a MTB, but ya know kids.  They eat you out of house and home.
FYI, there was a sticker on my forks that said "not for off-road use" but I peeled that right off.  Tires were flat and the handlebar pointed in two wrong directions, but a little time with tools and I find it to be a great bike for keeping up with the kiddos.
Seems like a fantastic deal for the beginner/newly intermediate riders or, for those occasional riders. Great review!❤
yes lol i was waiting for this one!
You need to keep in mind that all the previous actually usable mountain bikes that have been sold by Walmart only stay in stock in stores and even then not for all that long. They're usually sold out online.
Ozark Trail fucks. I have two of their coolers and they perform as good or better than any yeti. I'd consider myself an Ozark Trail fan at this point so this is cool to see!
Have you been to Bentonville AR (Walmart HQ)? Mountain biking is HUGE there!  Worth a trip.
Hey Seth, can't find it but on one of your videos a lad 3d printed a rim/wheel truing tool. I can't find it, do you remember the link?
Nice man!! Get people riding without spending a bomb 💣 fair play
That’s definitely a good effort from Walmart. If someone asked me what they should buy in this price range, I would rather recommend a trek Marlin 4.
What budget 29 MTB bike to buy thats worth upgrading for someone 6'3"?
Yeah just let’s me know I could’ve saved $1000 on a new bike.  My trek roscoe 7 cost three times that and it was on sale. 🤦‍♂️
But when you can get a new Canyon Grand Canyon hard tail for ~500, why would you get an ozark trail?
Yeah...guys you are creating a HUGE issue in the future.  Yeah..cheap now...WALLY gets wind that they are nice...bam....1000 a pop.
The huffy aneurysm 💀💀💀
i've also noticed an increase in quality in their bmx bikes. spotted a mongoose with a 3 piece crank and a threadless headset for around $150. still no 4130 or 6061 but for that price its hard to beat. for reference an entry level gt now at dicks is $195 (marked down from $279) and has a one piece crank and a quill stem and is not even 1020 steel.
In typical Walmart fashion, they refuse to hire qualified workers to assemble the bikes. Also, it’s easy to brush past assembly issues when you can do your own work and already have all the tools, but how many budget/novice riders does that describe? Given what area shops charge for tuneups, I’d say a thorough check over on a new bike would run at least $100 and they’re probably leery of assuming any responsibility for the bike’s performance, and I don’t blame them for that.
I am very excited to see more stuff like this coming out. It's an easier price pill to swallow when you're getting friends into the hobby. I have a loaner bike that I fully upgraded with nice stuff... and it's a great example of what you can show friends what they can do for cheap budget builds with a good base to start with.    Also, I would totally rock the Ozark Trail name out on the trails ... just because LOL   Thanks for the video! I love seeing these types of bikes being offered.
Just checked this out at Walmart tonight. honestly doesn’t seem too bad. I have a Giant Talon hardtail for my normal mtb riding. Definitely heavier than my giant. This would be a good town commuter bike/beater bike/light trials. One to not worry about taking care about as much you would as your nice bike. I might pick one up and see how it does.
All the problems come down to assembly jajaja
I believe Walmart is doing this as they have a HUGE trail system.
If I was looking for a budget bike I would scour the resale of old bikes first and maybe settle on this as a last resort. But I look forward to seeing your “Z-works” build
the one i just picked up has a set of judys on it.
hey look..its treks old frames no being used by another bike corp .
This or the Mongoose dolomite
That's a nice bike... as a novice. Id buy it and save $400.
overall good positive world might be getting better vibe :)
tell em to make a full suspension ozark with decent shocks. Fox needs to work with wal mart Seth (evo stuntjumper style or enduro)
You had me at Huffy Aneurysm! Great vid.
I just saw 2 Medium sized ones in mid Missouri and they were $298! I would have bought one but I am loaded up with kayaks.
I had given my grandson a vintage Rockhopper that I had kept restored but he had it stolen recently. My daughter wants him to have another bike but she's a hardworking single mom. This bike looks perfect. Affordable and upgradable. I've got plenty of parts. Thanks, Seth!
Affordable bikes! 🤘🤜 i started in the mid 90’s on a mongoose rockadile i bought for $515. Man did i have a blast on that, must’ve ridden every trail in western ma, vt, and new hampshire.
They have Treks at some Walmarts 😂
Nice! Glad to see Walmart step it up. I do like the lockout feature on my $8k bike when not on the trails but he’s right, it’s a great place to cut costs. $400 for all that is an insane value.
So, would this be a cheap xc bike to throw into my quiver of 5? I wonder how much it weighs.
Bike Department at Walmart subscribed to you Seth.!!!😂
That has to be the cheapest take on a modern mountain bike, that doesn't suck.
What about the GT Avalanche 29er at Dicks? That’s only $499.   Or the GT Agressor at Dicks, that’s only $300.  Thoughts on those?
Saying this like I didn't buy my Trek 800 in 1998 for $320 after delivering papers all summer. And this is the cane I use to walk with.
I just wonder what sorta metal they used. Is it gonna rot in a year?
Seth, when do the new backcountry trails open?
Walmart actually tests these bikes they built a test facility for these bikes out west so ya Walmart is thinking long term with this bike line
1x9 I'll pass not enough gears for me
I still don't think it's a "real" mountain bike. I wouldn't trust it for a ride in the mountains or even on a hill personally. Do I want to trust my life to this thing? People get injured on bike failures all the time. Even on flat level ground if something as simple as a derailleur goes into the spokes. Why would I trust such complex equipment if it is made so cheaply it can retail for < $400? Not to mention all the assembly fails (like forks on backwards) of staff at W**Mart. There's just no way I would ever feel comfortable with that. Besides that, you can get some Giant Talons, Trek Marlins, or Specialized Rockhoppers with way better equipment for ~$100 more. And for that small increment you get equipment from a manufacturer who has decades of bike experience and fully backs up their product.
I think the Kent trevail was better
Hey sir. I have a Giant ATX and I am trying to commute to and from base for work. It would be 14.2 miles per day. I would love to hit trails when I go back home to visit Arkansas. My pockets are not full of $100s haha. Could you do a video that would help someone in similar situation new to biking, commuting and mountain biking? Help us either upgrade or pick the right type of bike without hurting our pockets? Thanks a bunch sir.
You should call it the stokezark
I think nukeproof want their frame back
Dude ofc they're watching you. It's FREE R&D lol. They should pay you for the work you did to be fair
I rode porcupine rim on my Specialized hardrock sport. It had a worse fork, rim brakes. I had to skip the big drop, but it climbed to the lookout alright.
My trek marlin 5 doesn't even have routing for a dropper!
Huffy and Mongoose were, at one point in time, nice bikes.
I bought this bike ironically after going to Walmart to get groceries 😂 upgraded the hell out of it and this thing is actually quite capable! Can’t wait to see the upgrades Seth does. Hope this turns into another mini series like the Kent did
We refer to department store full-suspension bikes as BSOs... 'Bike Shaped Objects'.  You shouldn't be allowed to refer to them as Mountain Bikes - they must be breaking advertising regulations for some of the stuff they sell.
My Cannondale Habit 1 came with a similar set of destructions. "This bicycle is not designed to be ridden off road, during "stunt" riding or on the road or at all. Cannondale accepts no responsibility for the injury or death of whichever sucker paid our ridiculous asking price. This product is intended as a novelty item and nothing should be inferred from our advertising."
i bought my bike for less than 400 euros and i am very proud of it. It has got an aluminium frame, hydraulic disc brakes (160mm). It is not the best but its really good for me. I dont have any plans on replacing anything in the near future except maybe the steering wheel that now is 10mm rise to a 20 to maybe a 30mm rise and so far ive only changed the stem because it was really long to a way smaller one. The only thing that bother me a bit is the style its not like flames and stuff like that but its got its model and manufacturer. For anyone interested its called "Passati Egbert" and its available in 27.5 and 29 inches with grey or purple colour.
Huffy aneurysm got me there
That is a really decent bike for the price.
Would a 1 by seven be good as a drivtrain?
looks like mountain peak frame maybe they rebrand it hehehe and maybe they go to Taiwan to buy a frame and rebrand it 😂
I saw one one time and when I went back to get it out was gone and I was mad af. No lie, you and wild tick have been steadily guiding my journey through mountain biking and I'm glad I had a similar initial impression. I was actually looking for reviews on this bike when I came across this channel
Love this review. Would you consider reviewing the Giordano bikes as well in the future?
really cool because i've definitely been impressed by ozark trail products in the past. they're incredibly affordable and a lot of the times it does the job just fine. not the sexiest brand but it's very very functional.
Good job! Seth said it like he's still surprised!
Sounds like a good comparison to the Axum DP
You didn’t know? Ozark Trail has the best tents, insulated battles, coolers, and much more that compete with name brands for 1/3 the price.
I’ve been looking for an inexpensive bike like this for my son who is not sure about trail riding yet, but I’d like to get him something with disk brakes ✅ & a thumb shifter ✅ (as opposed to this god awful twist ones) plus the fact that this uses standard sizes to allow for future upgrades is a big plus!   Also, remember who is responsible for Bentonville. There are obviously a few mtb fans within the company
I can't even comment positive comments on a mountain bike with out you tube censoring and deleting my comments, how pathetic. 🙄
the frame welds look good. if the alloy is good, than color me impressed
They used to sell real mountain bikes for 400 bucks all the time. A smart company will have a mid grade frame with an entry level component kit so people can grow into their bike over time. 🤷
The Kentravail clearly travailed 😁😁 all it needed was some bike hacks from seth😂😂
I was at Walmart the other day and I was browsing the bike section, I was taken aback because I had seen this bike and another bike which had a functioning dropper post already installed. Walmart is making moves it seems. I’m all for it.
I'm using a bike from the '90s free any parts see if they work  a $400 bike what  chill
Why would you buy a marginally crappy bike assembled by workers who get paid by how many they throw together per hour.  Even if the bike itself was decent (which it’s not) there is no one at Walmart to guide you on proper sizing, it’s very poorly assembled and has no service after the sale.  By purchasing it from Walmart, you are rewarding them for putting in a bare minimum effort.  For a few hundred more, a quality brand can be purchased from a reputable bicycle shop with employees who have knowledge about cycling and are almost alway riders themselves.  You can usually get a free check over after break in and when future repairs or service are needed, they will stock suitable parts and actually know how to install them properly.
If they rename the bike “Aneurysm” next year we know what’s up.
See the thing is that Walmart most likely does see this stuff. Tom and steuart Walton are the heirs to Walmart and they are like big cyclists, they dumped 75million into bike infrastructure in their home town where Walmart was founded. I do think that they do listen because of the passion for bikes.
Seth, I know you’ve heard of Bentonville. Walmart is a large part of why those trails exist. They have put a lot of money into the town and those trails. It was only a matter of time before they became wise to the type of bikes work for riding on the trail. Do they watch YouTubers such as yourself? Of course, you know their social media team is monitoring a lot of channels and getting real world input.
I hope the "high end" bike makers take a hint from this kind of thing.  The average rider doesn't need a $1500 "entry level" bike for the way they ride to do it safely and enjoyably.  We need more quality bikes in the $500 range where average riders who just want to go out for a ride and that's it can do so with safe components and just enjoy it.  Bikes have gotten out of hand with the admittedly nice but unnecessary in most cases tech that most riders simply don't need.
Between you and Kev Central have the dept stores stepping their game up. I wonder if they sell a frameset only as a blank canvas.
I'm from Canada. Where did the reference to Canadian Tire come from considering you're in the US?
Ozark Ridge or Ozark Trail?
I was drinking water when you said huffy aneurysm and I was like "Oh no" and all the water spilled out of my mouth onto my seat and my floor.
comenting just so Wallmart watches this video
Whoa! Thought i saw a flip head on the 27.5 model here in local store...the kent trouvaille on web site is adversitised using micro shift Avent 9 rear deraillur...almost bought this tonite but exceeded the ATM have to wait till 6 am. Maybe give it a second thought........
Got this bike last week and love it. First upgrade, derailleur and narrow wide chainring…if only they spec out the sizes. Trying to find the size of the crankset is impossible right now without taking it apart to measure manually.
I learned something, i need $400 :v
I really don't know why your so surprised that Walmart finally made a good bike. Walmart's HQ is in Bentonville, it's no secret that Bentonville trails are heavily funded by Walmart, the story I've always heard is that the Walton boys wanted a place to ride MTB so they started spending the family fortune on it. Seems to have been a good investment. Walmart/Walton's actually own/make several brands of bikes other than Ozark Trail too. When you have one of the best destination MTB trail systems in the US if not the World it only makes sense to start selling a semi-decent bike to get people to come and use the trails. I'm no fan of Walmart but they aren't stupid.
Saw these today...had a kent travail in the web cart.. locally only had large frame trouvaille 27.5 tyres those frames don't have the top tube seat post gusset.
I owned two bikes, both light blue both specialized that’s all I know
Is the 27.5 the same bike just smaller tires? I cant ride a 29 so i seen the 27.5
I actually can't know quick mounts you have, but you have them in your resort. Full exploitation manual is missing to tell it's time to change the oils/filters, tho there aren't any big stoned roads.
Hey, I happen to love my Huffy Aneurysm!!!
I beg you to make a bike for wheeling it would be soo cool
Very cool! Maybe the easiest way into todays mountain biking world.. I’ve just been buying and upgrading late 1980s mtb frames instead of getting one real mountain bike because that under $100 craigslist bike w the cool color was def something I pined over as a youngster ! And then you start upgrading it… and realize you could have got this instead 😂 for the same price .. I’m over 40, only ridden 26” wheels n 1 1/8” headsets… I hope to ride berm park this summer !!! 1” headset rigid rockhopper for my first time 😊 no downbiking just my only biking
Seth almost had a Doug DeMuro intro.
Try out the Schwinn Axum next!
Mind you Walmart Home Offices and founding city is Bentonville, Arkansas which is one of the biggest and fastest growing mountain biking areas in the country so it if no surprise that Walmart is starting to get better “quality” bikes on their shelves.
I’d love to see a video comparing the differences in crank arm lengths and how it affects the rider and bike performance.  I’m trying to return to riding and my long 1990 Cannondale SM700 Chameleon has 175mm arms and it seems tough for me to handle them now compared to when I was 30 years younger and the 2 recent knee surgeries aren’t helping.    Love the videos!   Thanks!!!!
Next is trying to change the mentality of brand new riders " I dont have 7k to spend on a mountain bike"
For $100 more you can snag a new Canyon Grand Canyon and have quite a few high quality upgrades
Swear I saw something on KevCentral where he pointed out this was indeed made by Kent. But I could be wrong.
FWIW It would absolutely absurd if WalMart did NOT listen to public feedback via YouTube - and other social media sites.
Could they make this bike in pink 😭 I need to buy my gf a bike to come with me on rides
An American Youtuber who knows about Canadian Tire!
5:20 in Romania even higher end bikes dont use presta, nobody likes presta here because its hard to find a pump and you cant pump up at a gas station
Is the grand opening for back country trails rescheduled due to rain?
Damn. LTWOO reached US 😅 Good chinese brand though and good substitute for those who can't afford yet but wants 10 speed groupset
That derailleur is good no need to change it because ive been using the same thing for 2 years
coming from Indonesia which people here have average wages $200/month. $400 local brand MTB like Polygon xtrada5 feels like luxury. its legit bike tho. Frame are nice aluminum, real shimano deore 10speed. hydraulic brakes
,,Man, they could've put rear suspension for that money!" the type of guy who says ,,You could buy a car with that much money!!!" when he hears that you gave 2000$ for used bike XD
I think it could benefit from a 27.5 wheel upgrade. That tyre is super close to the seat tube and a tiny bit of clay will add so much friction you'll set your Lycra on fire
Mrs. Berm Peak: Can you go to Walmart to buy some more towels? Seth: Returns with another bike. 😂
Walmart should employ seth to make mountain bikes from actual bikes and give them a parts bin upgrade
LTWOO is the former Chinese branch of SRAM. They made their own brand instead.
I really like my Huffy Aneurysm TYVM 5:57
Content creator/influencer! Companies are listening and making it happen. I like to think you have a huge part in that. Good job! Let’s see a budget build with this bike. Advent x drivetrain? Dropper? Brake upgrade? Tires? And then push it on some trails and compare it to how it was new. Seems like a good progressive frame to build up as you go.
So did you ever get your towels?
Nice one. Industry take note. As family guy on a tight inflatione prone budget, it'll be nice to make a rare luxury purchase. Then be able to participate in the sport rather than just watch Youtube guys blinged out by the companies and spending next to nothing on their own dime. 😊
I bought an mtb with a 1x12 ltwoo. My buddy told me to just use it and just upgrade when it goes bonkers. 2 years later, it's still going strong. The XT has to wait.
I think Seth’s partnership with Bentonville, AR is a major factor in this. Bentonville is the home of Walmart. Walmart sponsors the trails there. They want to sell bikes that are capable for their trails.
get a Gt aggressor instead
There's also the fact that they're pouring money into Bentonville too....
I feel like the fork lockout is a lie anyway. I've never used one that didn't still allow a little bit of fork travel.
They finally added Ltwoo rd and Shifter🤌
Great to see this. A decent bike that will allow more people to enjoy riding mountain bikes...bravo!
this looks like the ns bikes eccentric frame 2016 or 2017
Saw somebody on an ozark trail so I really think that Walmart has come out with a good bike for the price
I've looked at that bike and definitely think that the Kent true val is a much better
My brothers got me this bike to mountain bike with them. Im alreadys buying a a rockshock sid for it! Literally replaced everything and now its like a real mountain bike
It's made by Kent, if I remember correctly.  Couldn't find the article where I read that.  People are watching YouTube channels and learning a lot of low end bikes.  Schwinn Axum might still be better.  GT Aggressor Pro has been on sale for $298.
Love your videos. Almost to 1million subs heck ya!
Ltwoo is sram
I like this bike!
Having had hands on, do you think this would a be a good platform, for say my wife to ride occasionally, and receive take off parts as I upgrade or from the second hand market? I’m not looking to spend a lot on the initial  investment for her, but wouldn’t mind upgrading parts if she rides more frequently or her skill level progresses.   Thanks
They're both manufactured by kent. The kent also comes in a medium, has dropper post routing behind the seat tube you have to shim a 27.2 tho. I still think, at 400 dollars, the schwinn axum is the best of the 3, especially based on geo
I saw this the other day at walmart and was surprised
Looks like fun
What was the trail you were riding on??? Looks nice. Great Video as always!!! Cheers Seth.
It would be dope to see a "reasonable" upgrade vid for this bike to pull out some more potential
I hope Walmart pays you I might buy one to do hoodrat shut w my friends
The plastic ring next to the chain ring isn't for chain retention. It's for keeping your pant leg from getting caught between the chain and the chainring.
Wal-Mart has been key in creating Bentonville mountain bike heaven. They also broke new boundaries by creating very good high-end bikes with top components for a fraction of the cost when they came-out with their Viathon brand. Those same Wal-Mart heirs have now created one of the best short-travel trail bikes with their Allied BC40, with their carbon frame made in the USA. I hope Wal-Mart & their heirs can bring more of their massive purchasing power to make this more accessible to the masses.
sounds like the ozark trail ridge is the way to go!
I have $2500 to spend on a MB. I was thinking of getting a Trek Roscoe 9. Any better choices I should consider? Thanks
Love it! I closely followed your series on the Kent and was about to pull the trigger on it when I saw this video. I’d love to see a similar video (or series) on upgrading this bike—even if it’s a simple summary that “all the same upgrades as the Kent other than xyz “ or similar. Also, how tall are you? Thanks for your service to the community.
Can you do a bmx video
You could get a vitus nucleus vrs for £500 with deore gears, better fork, tyres, seat and bar. So the money you'd spend upgrading this you'd still have a worse bike than a vitus
The Huffy Aneurism lmaoooo. Keep it up seth! Your work pays off!!!
the perch stick
Ozark Trail has been doing great for budget camping and fishing stuff, no surprises here. Great video!
My Growler on has 1 bottle cage. Drives me nuts
I saw this bike a week or 2 ago, I noticed that it used a tapered head tube on a department store bike, that's a selling point for me.   I also have a Mongoose single speed/fixed gear bike that I paid $107 for at Fred Meyer, only upgrade it needs is cranks.
@BermPeakExpress I must express *my concerns regarding the nature of your content* , as it appears to be threatening for small and medium-sized businesses in our towns.    These enterprises heavily rely on the support of consumers, and I fear that your focus on cheap Walmart bikes inadvertently contributes to the exacerbation of climate change by endorsing a corporation that perpetuates such issues.  It is undeniable that climate change leads to extreme weather conditions, making bike riding impossible on some days. So why support China-made bikes?   I really loved your flip bike. That was a good series! There are so many good used bikes and I wonder if a flip bike can perform better than a WalMart Ozark. Do a price and performance comparison.    By continually purchasing from corporations like WalMart, we are making our country more expensive because they take customers away from small and medium-sized businesses. Then when people lose their business, they got to work at Walmart or similar.   It would be nice if there was a mountain bike rental program at all trails. Your content is engaging and it encourages people to try mountain biking. So it makes sense that you focus on promoting bikes less than $500 as the benchmark for an affordable bicycle.  May I offer an alternative suggestion for your content strategy?   ▶Encourage your followers to report any new bikes available at small and medium-sized enterprises priced at $500 or below.   ▶Additionally, establish a channel of communication with local bike shops, allowing them to reach out to you.   This way, we can collectively support diligent bicycle entrepreneurs who strive to make a difference, rather than perpetuating the dominance of corporations with near god-like power over our ridiculously expensive corporate-captured nation. 🇺🇸
After getting my GT Agressor  stolen, I have been looking for a budget replacement. I think this one is going to be it.
I got one of those Walmart close out Axums last year. I’ve been surprised how much I like it. That being said. I like this bike, and ozark trail for that matter. The OT products are pretty damn good. Great video
I got this bike in clearance for $224…  Like Seth mentioned, it wasn’t assembled well, and the one I got was a return…  The derailleur wasn’t adjusted right and it took a bit of tweaking to get it right. I eventually upgraded to a microShift Advent and it has changed the game!  Next upgrades are hydro brakes and probably a dropper post :)  Fun start in mountain biking! Hope that it helps grow the sport!
Best bike for that price range is the Vitus Nucleus
Sorry seth but no one cares about walwart bikes a training wheels and that kinda stuff we want to see riding videos
You should start your own bikebrand it would fit you perfectly
Still riding the frame that came on my 700€ (pretty much the equivalent to a 500$ bike in the US) cheap ass hardtail. Replaced pretty much everything on that bike since then. So a capable upgradable cheap hardtail will always find my appreciation
So just for reference. One of the Walmart heirs lives in my town and got really into mountain biking over Covid, he's put a lot of money into buying land and paying for the building of trails and making them publicly accessed and it's been really awesome, but it's become a big passion in his life and he's talked about the accessibility of it and is trying to use and improve the products his stores produce and offer to help the sport grow. Just a bit of background knowledge that I think people don't know about.  So yes, there is an actual growing attention within Walmart and they are trying to do better
The Kent is actually available in medium and large and the Large come with a droper port in the frame
I got this bike and it was good but then after about a month every thang started braking do no recommend
Have you checked out the cabelas mountain bike? The ascend "zion". It seems like a solid bike
Poor Seth got home and had to explain to Mrs Seth why he bought another bike and forgot the towels 😆
You should buy a surron for a video lol there really fun I would just like to see your opinion on it
hope we se some zoom brakes on it soon
L-Twoo IS a decent off brand from Taiwan. FWIW
Did you remember the towels?😂
HI seth, my bike is cheap, it came with ltwoo A7 and is 2 years now and working fine... Not for REAL mountain-biking, but I think is great way to start in this sport, you should review some ltwoo parts, they are for road Bikes, gravel and Mountain-bike
The KENT is better to me! Tires/Frame design/adjustable fork.
Im glad that Ltwoo is starting to get some traction in the States.Ltwoo is actually a decent Shimano alternative kinda like Microshift.They're very common here in the Philippines and they have pretty much the complete line from 7-12 speed components.
Interesting...thanks for sharing. I may have to check this bike out. I need a medium framed hardtail.
Hey seth. In europe we have shop caled decathlon and they sell a real moutain bike for 300€ and it looks sick too
Ive been trying to find a bike for my friend who wants to get into MTB but doesn’t want to spend much.  This seems like the perfect route and he’ll have some money left over for a couple upgrades!
Does anyone know the bottom bracket width of the Ridge? I am interested in buying one to convert to an E-bike with a Bafang mid-drive kit.
Huffy aneurysm😂😂😂😂
there is at least one walmart sporting goods dept. shot caller who subscribes to berm peak.
I was having a conversation with a friend who wanted to come biking with me, but didn't want to spend a ton of money on a mountain bike that wasn't also able to be a 'normal' bike.  This seems to fit the bill... glad to see that development happen.
Having an American mention Crappy tire was unexpected
super good to see the walmart bikes getting non deadly. is a great option for anyone on a tight budget for shure.
New Video!!
Where was this thing 5 years ago?  I would have bought it, spray painted it, and made a project out of it.
10:03 That is some funky light effects! I'm guessing that's some side-effect from the camera shutter-speed and light refresh rate.
Looks like a perfect bike for getting started on some Bentonville trails... COINCIDENCE?
WE love you, Seth!
7:16 Hey hey hey! What's that slide-switch over there? Clutch?
Wolftick videos did this review a few  months ago, a little slow to the party
I believe that derailleur is a sun-race thats branded differently.
I like cycling very much I like it.
This is a great entry bike for parents to buy for their children who outgrow everything in a year. I keep buying used bikes for my 9yr old
Thanks for taking the time to address basic entry level bikes.
I have an Ozark Trail pocket knife. It sucks.
Here we go again 😴
Beware of 5YO, they get pissed off easily and may throw some bearing balls at you
Ltwoo is a company owned by the former SRAM engineer/R&D head for 20 years so it probably isnt too bad
I want a bike called the Aneurism SOOOO badly. I'll but it what ever it is !! hahhha
the Huffy Aneurysm. 😅😂  please, some YouTuber make that a gag bike for shits and giggles.  just slap a label on a Wlamart bike and make a satire video out of it
is it possible to tell just from looking at it whether the frame was welded storng enough and how much abuse it may survive?
how long a fork like this usually lasts?
You'd be surprised to see the mtb market in Colombia or Latin America. Since almost all the market share is low end bikes (because bikes are super expensive if you take into account the usd to local currency convertion) then low end bikes are pretty darn good. And local shops actually get some very good parts together.
Should get a $400 dual suspension bike just to show how very wrong it would be.
Cool! I can’t wait to see the “Super-Ozark” 😎🚲
great video i think its really importantant to orient conten tpwards actually consumer oriented products with prices for think skyrocketing (yes im talking to you sram)but more ground clearence with a 1x system is untrue i believe since bigger cassetes need bigger deraillieurs
YES I enjoyed this clip. Now we need a new flip bike session too. 😊
I’m sure it’s been said on here or on previous videos but the Walmart heirs are apparently cycling enthusiasts. They make Viathon bikes and Allied Cycles and they also purchased Rapha. They also funded a bunch of mtn bike trails.
The running joke in Bentonville (home of Walmart) is that taking any bike purchased at Walmart on a trail in Bentonville would certainly result in a ride in the wee-woo-wagon. I think the joke is finally over!
New Drinking game: take a shot every time Seth says ‘Kent Trevail’
Just a question as I have not been à real biker but was rather a viewer .. now I think to upgrade as a beginner .. where should I start to research/learn (I have a standard frame bike. Its a 14 yr street bike.)  for introduction and low cost invest. I do not want to be scared away with cost before I actually do bike my 1st (more than 10KM) ride.
I think also Bentonville is where Walmart headquarters is not to far from the mountain bike trails.
Wow so amazing review I found in detail Thanks 💯
Fork not only has no lockout, but it means it has no damper in it, just 2 coil springs, so only dampening in it is friction between bushing and stanchions (XCT and XCM both have plastic bushing)
an awesome bike review that will blow your mind!
There is something cool about an upgradeable bike, that's not crazy over priced. A low of the low budget entry level bike, that can be so upgradeable, that in 12-18 months every thing has been upgraded, and none of the original bike is still there.
Are you trying to kill the independent bike shops totally? Why would you suggest this crap? $400 for a fricking walmart bike!! for $100 more you could get a real bike from Specialized, Giant, Kona ect ect. As a bike mechanic/frame builder I have no words. Starting to lose my respect.
Not bad. I currently have the hyper explorer and it’s not bad either. If this had come out sooner I would have definitely gotten it instead.🤘
That is Great. For a person that is just starting  is just great. I wanted this when I started. I have it now, but I put a lot of effort to make it. And this is just great for people that are commuting, that have some spare time to go out, but are not die-hard bikers. Or just do not have the time to invest in riding, have a different hobbies but want to spend some time with their kids. Easy to maintain - no oils in the fork, no fluid in the brakes, expensive and tight tolerance groupsets, just clean, keep it in a dry and dark place and forget it, ready for when you need it. And when/if the time comes change the pedals, change the brakes, change the tires, put a dropper,  change the groupset,  grips, fork. And you can do it whenever you have the money, the confidence and time to ride. Otherwise, keep the money for your hobbies and just use this bike when you need it, as it is great.
As a relatively new mountain biker who also commutes on my bike, this looks like a great option! Don't get me wrong, I absolutely adore my Specialized Rockhopper Comp, but at about half the price of that, this seems like an actual viable option to suit the needs of people like me and I'm very happy about it lol.
Love the Canadian Tire representation 🇨🇦
Don’t they have some of the best testing trails in Arkansas as well?
Seth should start a series where he would look for a mountain bike at Walmart and give the bikes an upgrade...
If im not mistaken ltwoo is an old sram factory somewhere in china that closed cuz they moved to shanghai, then the employees from the sram factory(closed) started making drivetrain and they called it ltwoo
So if we like this...make sure you tell a manager at walmart that they are on the right path for entry level bikes. Or send a message to corporate letting them know. Keep it going and lets see what happens. This may be a great thing for the MB community.
0:34💀
For the Kent Trevail try 3d printing a shim to go in between the post and the seat tube of the frame. The lack of tensile strength in the abs plastic shouldn't matter if it is only being compressed.
My biggest criticism of department store bikes is that while they're making an effort to make their better bikes better, they're making the same effort to make their worse bikes worse. A department store bike here in New Zealand in the 1990's had local bike shops selling some absolute garbage, desperate to compete. I'm talking "mountain bikes" with one piece steel cranksets, steel hubs, pressed steel sidepull caliper or maybe cantilever brakes...  The bike shops lost the race to the bottom, but the department store bikes by the turn of the century were really starting to show their true colours. Now it's unbelievable what kind of effort they go to in order to make something absolutely appalling. Someone, somewhere, is putting in a lot of effort to ensure they can save every penny possible in manufacturing, which equates to a lot of money over the many thousands or millions of units sold.  Even Shimano go to great lengths to decrease production costs, and watching the "development" of an Altus derailleur since the 1980's you will see every new release has decreased production costs in one way or another. 80's models were primarily aluminium and steel, followed by the early 90's when they started using plastic for the formost knuckle. However, they had a genuine two-part metal bushing in the upper pulley. Later models had pulleys with just a simple bronze bushing that the plastic ran, and steel dust shields on either side followed by pulleys with no bushings and no dust shields.
How about (crazy for idea) a bike that's not made in China? (even crazier!) made in USA?
I hear that l twoo makes good budget road and gravel bike drivetrains so honestly the drivetrain is aight
The Ozark team is probably high fiving right now
Good job Walmart! They definitely deserve a lot of good mountain biker karma for what they continue to do for the community. They've put a ton of money into bike trails and good entry level bikes like this will get people out there and riding.
*My 21 speed Mongoose Durham currently in pieces as I'm watching this video* (shouldn't have bought it)
Shoutout to Canadian Tire ❤😂
Great video as usual.  Would be good to know the geometry numbers also for interests sake.  My thoughts on what you should do with this bike - add some simple upgrades (hydraulic brakes, clutched derailleur, tubeless with better tyres, dropper post, maybe nicer forks).  Then compare it back to back with an entry-level name brand bike that probably costs the same amount).
The Walton's are watching Seth, you know the family that owns Walmart, the family who basically paid for a good portion of Bentonville trails..... they're watching
The Kent does come in different sizes medium and large and dropper ports also just looked at the website
Seth, can you make this bike Bad Ass? - M
Nice they made wise changes. But honestly, at that price point, I'd always buy used.   Recently picked up a nice trek scratch air 170mm travel bike for less than that.
Ltwoo is the brand on budget groupsets that you can rely on. Please do a review on them, would love to watch ltwoo rise.
This is honestly a really impressive bike. I’d love to see a trail torture test of this bike and see which components hold and which fail, with the exception of pedals and brakes. It’s already clear this can take upgrades, but which components don’t really need to be upgraded for a beginner to the sport? Or at least be postponed?
The Huffy aneurism 😂
It's raining all week! That bike is gonna be sick after all this trash weather.
10:08 Seth with the Canadian Tire shoutout! 🤘🇨🇦
Every time I go in a Walmart I look for the Kent. I finally found one about a week ago. Only have seen that one.
Ltwoo is pretty popular here in the Philippines, I think they are offering electronic and hydraulic road groupset now too.
I'm a truck driver. Been lookin for a bike to carry on the back of the truck for light riding. I'm not puttin my $8k Specialized back there. This may work.
I hope you at least sign the kent bike
We have this bikes in PR!! Yeaah!!!!
I still think the Schwin Axum is better. Biger rotors, better styling.
quick question what about the ozark trail vibe?
Yep,  I've had high end, low end, and garbage bikes before and currently.  Thank you, Seth, for showing diamonds in the rough.  I have the department store reflex for garbage expectation. Nice Canadian Tire mention!  That's where we buy everything.... groceries, fishing gear, kitty litter, last minute random shit. That's one of our few stores that stays open for the 7-9 days it doesn't snow or we get daylight.
My comment. Simple. Just ride!
Well if Walmart is going to make a whole town revolve around their mountain bike trail systems. Then IMO, it's past time they start putting some actual mountain bikes on their shelves. Or they can just keep being a hypocritical corporation like the rest of the corporations that run the world.
Canadian Tire shout out!!!!
I just bought 5 bikes for $25
Ltwoo is a semi famous brand for budgeteers in my opinion and is a solid option
it looks almost like a clone of a trek marlin frame.  Also, L-TWOO is one of the secret aliexpress drivetrain manufacturers, and theyre actually pretty good, up there with microshift in some cases.  Ex SRAM engineers, if i recall correctly.
Thanks for sharing this experience! quality videos as always!
I bought my Schwinn Axum (with dropper) starter bike a few years ago for exactly the same reasons. I've about doubled the cost with upgrades as I gained experience, and now it's a really great bike that fits me perfectly.
Great video Seth! I’m looking forward to Super Ozark! 😁
The ltwoo is a good choice especially the one in the bike (which is the ltwoo a5 elite) because you upgrade the cassette to a 9 speed 50t cassette giving you more range
I nearly fell out of my chair when you mentioned Canadian Tire, how does he know???   Also, don't sleep on L-twoo they got some really good value road bike and gravel groupsets, I hope they can do the same for MTB to offer good value and quality that gives shimano and sram some competition.
I saw this at Brevard a Walmart and wondered when will Seth make a video on this. Now have my answer!
I'll bet that Bentonville (Walmart genius child) has something to do with Walmart trying to make a better bike
The frame looks almost identical to my 2019 vitus sentier
I've been looking for so. Something like this with a 500w hub motor.
This frame looks identical to the old Trek Roscoe (with the 141 QR rear axle). I believe the 2023 Roscoe 6 still has the same frame.
Huffy aneurysm😂😂
One thing is, young teens grow, but you want to learn on a descent bike, great bike for a teen who will need a larger bike in a few years.
I'm more of a bmx girl, but living somewhere outside of a city is getting more into wanting a mountain bike
Did you say Canadian Tire?!?! Omg I’m in shock that you know what that is and that’s super cool!!
Even after becoming a heavy YouTuber, thank you for reviewing and upgrading entry-level hardtail products like now. Rather than reviewing expensive products, I think the majority of subscribers can relate and enjoy reviewing entry-level products more. I think this is the biggest difference from other channels. Anyway, I will always love your channel. Because my mountain biking life started with you. 😀😁😄
It’s all about geo, and geo is free.
No flames?!  😥
I would probably cry if I worked that hard on a bike for Walmart and Berm Peak gave me a thumbs up.
Who is going to be the first big name racing on a Walmart sponsored bike?
Brasil Soul Cycle SL 329 Monte Negro is also a real mountain bike that is cheap
Canadian Tire ❤
No AXS no sale for me.
Canadian Tire reference?!?! Noooowayyy!
Do high end mtn bikes normally come with nice pedals? My YT Izzo came with cheap plastic pedals that had a label basically saying "don't install these, get real pedals".
Only yankees drink wutter
Funny, we did a short on this bike and got a few comments that we wont be seeing anyone sending it on the Ozark trail. FALSE lol
I need a new bike, I’m 14, and can’t afford anything too expensive. (<$1000) What should I get? Also, I’m a Canadian, so rain and snow is regular, and I beat on my bike pretty hard.
Schwinn makes a decent mountain bike now, the GT Avalanche is alright now, Northrock bikes at Costco, and now Ozark Trail (Walmart) ...   Now either you have to know how to fix all those when you buy them or you should factor in the cost of a trip to the bike shop ...  The Schwinn Auxum even has a tapered head tube.
There have been updates to the new Trouvaille we bought (6/23) in Medium.    1)  Cable routing for dropper post added 2)  Medium frame size added 3)  Chain protection tape on chainstay added
The Walton kids & grandkids all ride MtBs now, Witness the Bentonville trail system.
this is awesome
Cycling is so expensive, it is nice to see them not only make this, for whatever reason they did it. Just as importantly, it is so cool that you are putting a spotlight on it. Very cool!
It is baffling to me that they can build a full bike that nice for that much money. I can't even get material to build the frames (just the frames) for that much. Idk how they even make money that way. That Chinese slave labor is a great resource I guess
It has a 2 star review on their website because it came with low air pressure lol
Looks like a great bike. Can't wait to see what you do to it in the coming weeks.
Ltwoo is a good brand for drivetrain components, and I have the 8 speed A3 on my $190 race bike
I saw this in our Walmart the outher day and thought it looked good for the money, but it had v brakes and off brand gears so I'm not sure they are all the same.
You haven't yet made a review video of your F150 lightning. Please do seth!
It reminds me of the first Mt Bike that I bought 10 years ago off Bikes Direct.  The big difference is my bike had an old 3x9 drivetrain.  Watching that front fork compress and release as you pedaled uphill reminded me of my biggest complaint about that old bike, the lousy front fork.  Ihad no complaints about the assembly of the bike, since those bikes come very partially assembled.
Not to mention the connection between Walmart and bentonville.
I know you were a DB dude, but i like the freedom you have now to play around with different brands and do different builds. Who knew... Walmart?!!  Can't wait to see where this goes...
walking around the walmart here in town and seeing these was a shock. I didn't even need to look at them very closely to notice that these bikes were actually fairly decent, especially for the price. if only that big OZARK TRAIL logo wasn't so obnoxious lol
Even better if you find one on clearance from 400 allll the way down to 150 like i did with my ST100. Which is good for me cuz all I wanted was a commuter that can also occasionally light trail. Yes I did see that Ozark at my local WM and thought it looked pretty nice. Glad to see you review it Seth. 😎
Whenever Seth says water, it makes me smile.
We'll never see those bikes on racks in Canada.
They stole my mtb a few years ago and have had a hard time watching mtb videos because they make me think about my bike and that makes me sad and i really prefer not to think about it... But i really missed your videos even though i have a hard time watching!
Someone at Walmart is putting these out there because they know that if they have to travel to Bentonville for work they can just pick one up and hit the trails and return it at the end of the day.
I think I heard you start to say hydrologic disk breaks.  Either you stopped yourself, or edited it out.  Or maybe I’m wrong.
I really appreciate the Canadian Tire reference! Haha!
this is a much better value than my Fuji Nevada was when I bought it 5 years ago for $600 with a 3x7 and tourney components. (Granted it has had many upgrades since). The frame actually looks quite similar to the nevada as well.
Being from Walmart, how heavy is the bike? I looked at a 24” wheel Ozark Trail bike for my son and it weighed around 35 pounds.
A great option for the people who just want to dabble in mountain biking.  Is that a bad thing though, for the bike economy ecosystem?
And now we know how Seth pays for that big ass house in the mountains. The second video about a Walmart bike. 🤔🤔
If Ltwoo is coming on department store bikes, microshift is in trouble.
If @walmart was smart they’d take advantage of all the MTB suppliers who are hurting and get a ton of good components CHEAP
I think the Trouvalle (Large for me) is better made and better equipped to me. I have 2 Axums, Taff Comp, and a full sus ground up build. Had the Ledge X1 and the Trouvalle (M). The 2 things I believe the OT has going for it is that the rims are presta and seat post size.
If it says Ozark Trail, then it is nothing but Walmart's cheaply made trash.
E11even m1×11 is the better option. Currently only costs $50 more
China is watching us
For $200 more, you could get a Specialized Rockhopper.  Would it be worth it to get that over the wal mart bike?
Great video as always, definitely an entertaining one for sure! I cant wait to see what upgrades you make this bike into the SUPER Ozark Trail! maybe it needs to get a feature on the actual netflix series called "Ozark" 😄
I watch all your videos to the end. Not just because they're awesome, but mostly in case you snuck in a clip of Oscar! He's the real star!
some brands where i am are also good builds but not know for
It looks like a good beater bike, i would upgraded it with amazon bike parts. Does it have a cassette or is it a freewheel hub?
I would hope that maybe with the investment in their local headquarters community they see the value in a reasonable priced mtb that can handle more. I guarantee they don’t feel comfortable letting someone walk out of Walmart and hit trails in Bentonville with anything they carried before. I hope it’s true and they are finally listening to the community. Great video man. Wish that bike existed when I first started over in 2015
Made in Taiwan sticker  at this price - amazing, no?
Bentonville AK= The Walton Family.  Glad they’re paying attn.
a shoutout to Canadian Tire? lol I guess for Canadian fans nice Seth!
Walmart is trying to keep up with Costco's in-house brand.  Costco's Northrock is pretty respectable and fairly priced if you can find one.
Walmart is starting to pay attention probably because there headquarters are in Bentonville Arkansas a big area for great mountain bike trails.
Hey Seth! I made this video first! 😂haha I still love this tho, you really inspired me to upload.
I almost bought that same bike, ended up with a trek marlin 4 for $450. Very similar bikes, higher quality components but I still had to go through and fine tune. I was very close to buying though, agree w you're assessment.
I wouldn't be surprised if whoever Walmart contracts the bikes out to listened to what people said; if they make what people want they'll get more sales and more money.  And ofc it's assembled wrong; they're assembled by someone who's been trained to stock shelves.
Not surprising at all.  Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville AR. The city and the Walton family have invested millions in the mountain bike scene.
honestly most ozark trail camping supplies and such are good for the money... not all i have had bad things too
They have Kayaks that are the same Color Grey , they need some better colors FR .
Ok Seth...you just earned respect by just acknowledging that a company like Canadian Tire exists and that you make notice of us up here...I think I'm gonna get into a new bike soon after years of not being on one...and maybe just maybe get good enough to go up to Whistler/Blackcomb one day and ride the hill...I mean it's only what two hours away from me here in Abbotsford BC.
I honestly really like this bike! I already have the Mongoose Ardor X1, so I can't justify buying this one. I do like the Ardor color better though.
I need to hurry up and grab one. Before the youtube effect takes place and they sell out everywhere lol. Thats why they are listening. People like Seth say, this is decent but.... People buy them up and then Walmart says " hey lets do those few things, get youtube talking, and sell all those" they are saving money on advertising lol
Seth out here trying to kill the local bike shop.😢
Shoutout for mentioning Canadian Tire 🙏🏻
My big gripe is weight, does it weigh like a "real" mtb?
Wow...... I'm just really amazed that you actually like this bike or any big box bikes. I could see why you liked the Trouvaille, just thought the Ozark wouldn't be a bike you thought was worthy.😂Especially after you and Alex took those Genesis V2100 to Pisga! 😂 I didn't know that you actually visited the bike section at Walmart.  😂 With upgrades, some of those bikes make good XC bikes. I have a fully upgraded Schwinn  Boundary, but do not take it on downhill trails. Anyway, big box bikes are getting better IMO. Good video!!
Hi Seth, on the Kent Trouvaille you installed some parts and upgrades in a way that would be sensible to make the bike perform a bit better and actually capable of handling some trails. Would be awesome if you upgraded this one with as many top of the line parts as possible to see how much performance (or not) you can squeeze out of it.
I bought one three months ago it was built wrong right outta the gate and has issues with it's bottom bracket and cranks
Looking forward to the Super Ozark. Thanks for sharing!
Pretty cool
Ozark TRAvaIL
What is the weight limit on this bike?
the Ltwo rear derailleur is an aliexpress special, super cheap
Seth, you should make a feature called the heli pad. Where you stop on top and then go back the direction you came.
As an assembler that was sad to see. I promise if you get one that I’ve put together it’ll be right (as good as a box store bike can be). The company I work for has us place a sticker under the crank to track how techs quality is. If it was one of our techs my supervisor would be glad to send them back to be re-certified.
I wish i had been able to buy this in 2020 instead of my giant talon. This is cheaper and has better parts than my talon
Great to see department store bikes getting better. That being said, I’d try to find a good used bike instead. For example, my local bike shop works with a mountain bike trails place and provides them with rental bikes which you can purchase at end of each season. They are typically great condition and mechanically tuned up, good to go. Around 30-40% off new, so $900 CDN for a good entry level cannondale trail. I know it’s more than this thing, but break or upgrade a couple items on this ozark trail and you’d quickly catch up in price.
I think you touched on a good point, the fact that things are standard sizes that you can actually buy good parts that fit without major mods that the average person doesn’t have the tools or capability to perform is a good thing. I remember when I was much younger and got my first real entry level bmx bike,a mongoose II way back when mongoose was a big name in bmx.. early 80’s when I raced, you could go to the local bike shop and buy any upgraded parts and they would fit , like upgrading the stem from mongoose  to a pro-neck with race inc. Handlebars I know I’m going way back but that was the thing you would buy an entry level bike and gradually upgrade it part by part and then have an awesome race bike not to mention build up a stock pile of parts enough to build a whole other bike which I did and used around the neighborhood  to jump and beat up during the week but kept my race bike fine tuned and brought to the track and used on sundays only and Monday I would break it down piece by piece to clean and inspect and get ready for next race day. Sorry for the rant as it was pretty much off topic but I get started talking about bikes and I just start rambling on about it !
Can't wait for that super Ozark💥💯
This is great stuff. I buy bikes from bike shops but this is still so cool. This really helps people.
You should review the genisis silverton
Ozark flip challenge, could you upgrade and turn a profit?
No joke, that Walmart bike is more upgradable than my Giant Talon, I got in 2021.  Pretty wild.
Are the geo numbers good enough to upgrade it? It's an interesting bike. Put on an Advent X, MT6100 brakes and rotors, maybe a Z2 fork, and you've got a decent hardtail for... (*crunches numbers*)... 400+150+250+450 = 1350. So not too bad compared to say a Vitus if you want to get out on the trail and not spend all that dough at once.
Time to put $4,000 of upgrades on it.
Seth, did you get a new truck!? RIP Ridgeline 😅
I bought the 24" version of this for my daughter and threw a bunch of stuff from the parts bin and a new air fork on it and it's been fantastic.  Frame seems well built but the only problem I see is no replacable derailleur hanger.
its great to see that this exists! I ended up with a nice MTB from a sale, but i remember when i was searching for a mountainbike on a budget of 500$, people would straight up suggest 1k+ bikes. hopefully this trend continues!
Wow, prolly 10 years back this would be boutique bike!
I tried to find this bike in medium, but it doesn't show up. BUT, they have the Trouvaille in medium now!
You should get another one and do a high vs low bike upgrades.
The funny thing about Walmart is they claim they have built the mountain bike capital in Bentonville but I don't think they have a Walmart bike tent at their festival . You would think they would completely understand the particulars to moutainbiking but I guess the bean counters who don't have a clue are in charge . Those chain rings with the plastic cover is funky and probably there for chain retention because the drive train is not in line . I have had suntour cranks on my budget hardtail that always dropped a chain . They finally fell apart and I got a budget Shimano crank and ring and no drop chain . Pure joy . I don't see tubeless as a higher expense and should be a given . I think when Seth gets a Walmart bike and says you don't need upgrades then I think Walmart has finally made a real moutainbike on a budget .
Yeah, im definitely going to be picking this one up. I've been holding off from buying something like this since I'm not an experience bike mechanic, but you best believe the disposal income from my next paycheck is going to this
That f150 lightning though...
I'm expecting an over haul upgrade video coming up for this bike...let's see how far you can actually upgrade on a budget...
Why do I actually want one 😆
you should review the dicks sporting goods gt aggresser. im thinking about getting it because of my Very tight budget.
Everyone starts somewhere, so hats off to Walmart.
What about comparing this to a Marlin 5 or whatever lowest level bike from a reputable brand?
Department Stores have to be watching in some way or another. I have seen multiple channels with the OZ or Kent doing upgrades. I like that they're making the effort to tap into a growing market and helping get people with little cash or experience in mtn biking. Not everyone can afford a high dollar bike from a reputable shop.
That's cool. Walmart is spending a lot of money building mtb trails in Bentonville. No doubt they are paying attention to your channel.
So odd not seeing your Ridgeline when you load up.  I still think it is one of the best MTB rides out there.  How are you liking the lightning?
Looks like ninos cockpit 😆
Yeah this is what you want. Being upgradable is awesome. Hopefully more budget options will follow this example.
L-Twoo actually makes pretty decent stuff. Cademedia did a good video on the roadbike groupset
I would definitely buy this bike for my kids to start out on.  It has a nice look to it and isn't too flashy looking, plus the ability to do some upgrades as the kids get better out on the trails!
This bike still loses to the Grand canyon 5. Deore 12 speed, MT200, XCR fork made by Canyon with free shipping.
And I can't sell a near brand new Marin for $480 that costs $900.
wish we could get something like this in europe. sounds decent for the money would buy this
And now I'm waiting for Seth to upgrade the parts on this bike to see how capable the bike is
Is the branding a removable sticker it is it under clear coat?
Seth, although we like these reviews can you start reviewing high end bikes? Like 3k+ bikes that lost of rider chose to ride.
Isn’t Walmart’s first location in Bentonville? I wonder if the success of mountain biking there has influenced them to cafe a little bit more about making a good budget mtb. Either way, it’s really cool to see and I look forward to this series. I don’t need another hardtail, but it would be cool to have a decent budget bike to recommend to friends. $1000 is too much to ask for many
"Say what you want about presta" ....ok, it's stupid! .... drill the wheel and run tubeless Schrader!!!
the ozark looks like a Trek to me but with holes for internal droppers
It's so bad for the environment to make awful bikes that brake  and get theown away
Could you do a review of the pinnacle kapur 3? I just really want to get a trusted opinion as a beginner
I'd like to see this become the Ozark SuperTrail. Sounds rather catchy. Clutched derailleur and some budget hydraulic brakes would go quite a long way
Thoughts on converting something like this to a single speed?
Ozark trail camping chairs ripped after three uses. Can't imagine this will last either but good start
Seth couldn't read the "Made by Kent International" sticker on the bike?  The geo is pretty reasonable on this bike though.  450MM reach on the medium with 613 stack and 66 headangle.
I've been riding my bikes since 1998 and your channel is amazing. Thank you for your content which is priceless. I still ride my 2000 Diamondback for urban tour stuff and love it.
I don't know if "trouvaille" is a word that is commonly used in english, but if it isn't and it's supposed to be the french word, then PLEASE... Pronounce it troove-eye. French people will thank you.
What happened to Viathon
More than entertainment, Seth,  I am very pleased that a real entry level MTB is avalaible for everybody and, most of all, I truely got impressed with such  frame prepared for Dropper Post @31.6 mm. Congrats to the Ozark Team 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻  TKS for such great video as an awesome content creator that you become among the years. See ya, blue skies 🤙🏻🍀🚲
Thank you for the review.  I bought this bike a week before you made this video.  I love this bike.  last bike got was a 2004 Specialized Rockhopper that was stolen in 2016.  I barely rode it.  Now that my kid is getting into biking I bought the Ozark Trail Ridge based on other YouTubers and their reviews.  I already rode it through a park and it rips!  I am defiantly upgrading parts/components.  Please Berm Peak upgrade this bike so I can follow suit.  Thanks for the vids. My kiddo and I watch your stuff all the time and your vids is what got me back into biking/trail riding.🙏
I'd be curious to know how the hubs hold up over time. I've had bad experiences with cheapo hubs(wha?!), and it seems like they're often overlooked....
L-twoo is a Chinese company that brought some old shimano and sram factory’s In lockdown, their components aren’t bad especially some of their higher end group sets, would be really cool for you to test them out👍👍
Considering walmart also builds mountainbike trails in their home community, I'm not surprised at all by them making a better bike.
How does the BB compare to the Trouvaille? You blew it up first ride on the Trouvaille, but didn't mention it on the Ozark. I assume it a little better, or maybe the assembly was better on this bike? Great video as always. I enjoy when you explore more budget friendly options and give us your opinion on quality vs price. Cheers!
Great video as always Seth, I appreciate your respective of the reciprocating customer demand in conjunction with proper value. You only left me wondering on one account, you didn’t tell us frame material or if the forks are steel. Ride on bro.
Seth the bikes will probably stay cheap because that’s not their main seller.
Hello Seth I love the Videos you put out and I am going to whistler soon any suggestions for some good intermediate trails
Awesome and inspiring work, Seth! Such a positive outcome for everybody. Hope Walmart management tunes in and pays attention to your feedback on the OZARK TRAIL.
It also helps that Walmart is headquartered in Bentonville. Having a bike at their store good enough for the trails in town is a big deal
It's definitely an improvement for department stores bikes but let's remember that for the same price you can get a Cannondale Trail 8 which comes with better components. Also, add $50 and on a sale you can get a Trek Marlin 4 or a Specialized Rockhopper. All of them in M or L sizes and 29" wheels. Much better options are out there!
The thing is I got one today at Walmart for $300
Ltwoo is not a bad component Producer. It's a chinese Brand which make it Name in the last years of making cheaper then shimano parts with it own style. It's like sensah and comes with very good parts
It looks like Walmart is realising people want to ride bikes and it's a good way to corner the beginner market by producing a good entry level product. Nice one Seth.
I'd like to see you upgrade it to make as good as the bikes you suggested you buy instead of the Kent and determine if it's worth it to by those better bikes or upgrade this the same as what you did with the Kent.
Your blinker is on LOL 10:10
5:59 "Puffy aneurysm"?  Well.. that's definitely a name..
Man!  I can't believe you mentioned "Canadian Tire" LOL.  Great video today.  And not just because of the mention.  You are absolutely right about all your points that you mentioned.
Seems like a liability selling it assembled like that
i think we need a huffy aneurysm 🤣🤣
My son has been wanting a decent new bike to ride around the neighborhood.  This may very well be his new bike.
Are you planning to do the same analysis on this bike as you did the Kent?
almost sounds like the perfect bike for me
My Schwinn Axum DP has been an amazing bike for me over the 2+ years I’ve owned and ridden it. I’ve upgraded the brakes to Shimano MT200 hydraulics, replaced the upper and lower cups and bearings with new cups and sealed bearings, and upgraded to better pedals.
Holy !@#$ I want one
You should upgrade the drivetrain with l twoo
It's the perfect bike to take apart, paint, and put back together
I wouldn't be unhappy if i was given one, theres things id put on it and change but as a bike for going around town it would be great. And because Seth said about the grips im reminded to look for some new ones... and inner tubes, breakpads, lights and grip tape. 😆
Dude it’s simple. Think about it, the grandson or somebody in the Walton family is big on MTB, isn’t that why Bentonville is now a big mtb place? Ozark trail is own by Walmart?
I can't wait for the Super Ozark.
Every Bike can be a Mountainbike... At least once
Gonna take a gamble that the headset & BB bearings may not be fantastic either for the price?
Ltwoo RDs are chinese made …the designer behind it are former sram engineers
The ozark trail is also made by kent
They’re great bikes, both made by Kent
The kent trouvaille  is now available  with internal dropper post routing and in medium  and large
There is a bike which is slightly better for a similar price hwre in the uk.  Vitus nucleus vr. 120mm air suspension and a 1x8. £400, not sure on $.   Have the vrs and its great, though i wore out a cassette and chain in 4 months, standard mid range parts though, so its on me even though i thiugh i was looking after it well.
That’s all us bike enthusiasts want. Something that we can upgrade if we wanted to. I would like a comparison between like a trek marlin 4/5 vs these bikes. Since they are getting closer and closer in price
You gotta go all out on the upgrades on the Ozark
Bike industry has been pushing up the price point for no good reason. I could buy a real mountain bike for $400 or less by a real name brand (Raleigh) in an LBS when I was in college in the early 2000's was it the best bike? Nope. But it fit the bill for what I needed. Profits over people is what bike brands have been doing to us for the last few decades, just like all the other industries.
how much does it weigh as it is?
At 7:18 of the video it looks like the rear derailleur has a clutch switch or lockout?
Great find
So the $399 price tag isn’t accurate at all — if you have to take it to a mechanic to have it checked over first before you can safely ride it, you MUST add that cost to the price. That could cost upwards of $100 depending on how poorly it was assembled. $500 brings it closer to “real mountain bike from a shop”territory.
Weird..Seth has a holding company called Ozark Trail LTD.... interesting.. hahhaa
This is awesome! In the age of $2500 being "entry level", this is cool to see!
shwinn axum is awesome if you put on some hydraulics
SethCentral
I was torn between this, the Giordano Intrepid, and the Kent Truvaille at my local Walmart... I'm still really happy with choosing the Giordano Intrepid. Has the internal routing for the dropper (annoyingly still need a shim though), came in a medium 29er, already has hydraulic disk brakes. 1x10 speed microshift drivetrain, 120 travel thru-axel fork.
Just got my wife the $300 little sibling to the ridge, she's loving it 👍
Just saw one of these today getting camping supplies, really great to see they're actually decent bikes.
Frame only option $39.99 usd
My polygon premier 5 is great for me it fits perfectly
Can u make a video of how to fix the breaks on your other bike from Walmart I buy the same one but the breaks give me some problems
This or a used Trek Marlin?
I'd love to see this compared to an budget bike from an actual bike company like Giant, Trek etc... Pretty sure you could get a bike from one of those brands for $400.
Here in France, we've got Decathlon and Intersport that has bikes for sale and to be honest, Decathlon has changed a lot! They have now an elite level cross country racing team! My bike is from Decathlon, a down country bike, and to be honest, best bike I've own so far
Now all they need to do is ship them vertically or pack them so they can be shipped like they end up stacked on the pallets anyway. That way they at least won’t be damaged before they get out of the box.
would be awesome to put over the top high end components on it just for fun x)
Makes sense that Walmart would want to come out with an actual mountain bike given they have their name associated with building trails.
Bentonville AR, where walmart was founded, is loaded with trails. I live in Bentonville and right now Walmart is investing a bunch of money into the area. I'm certain they want a bigger piece of the market.   The kent trouvaille also comes in two sizes now for 2023, M and L, plus the new L frame bike come with cable routing for a dropper seat post. I'm sure the M will come with it too once the older inventory sells out.
"Paneer" That pronunciation cracks me up - now this is not to say that I pronounce it correctly, but I have always heard it said like "Pan Yay".
would like to see seth pimp this bike out, like all in spending spree
Think they've got a close eye on Seth & Kev Central's reviews & comments which is a good thing 👍
a lot of peoples' first bikes are big box bikes  just imagine, this will be someone's first mountain bike :D
I mean, Walmart did help build all those trails near their HQ, no? It might follow that at least a few people in the company might like or want to influence their offerings?
I love the Walmart series, so good. Apparently someone is listening.
This is really cool, and something I'd actually buy if my health was good enough.
biggest upgrade they could make is train the staff to build them correctly and safely.
Sad to see the Kent Trouvaille go, the "series" helped me see my own entry level bike as capable one, and upgrade it, keep it in shape. Thank you for getting me into this wonderful hobby and can't wait to see what you'll do next!
Please call it the huffy aneurism and make stickers for it
Seth, what does it weigh compared to other major bikes?
Lol, the Canadian Tire shoutout. Wasn't expecting that.
The LT-Woo stuff isn't the greatest not gonna lie.
My KENT TRUVAILLE shed a tear after watching the intro.😢
The video thumbnail should have said "OZARK FAIL?"
Nice bike, would be nice to have a version with hydraulic brakes and a bit better shifter.
Nice,  please do a video for the Northrock XC from Costco! similar price with good brand entry level components
This is a shocking development. Gives me a bit of hope that Bike Shaped Objects won't be the only way at big box stores.
Check out the Axum DP. They have a sized frame. I love mine. I purchased it 2 years ago.
I'd happily get one of these as a second bike, I don't always want to ride my expensive carbon enduro bike with my partner on casual rides. A cheaper bike like this would be perfect to not get upset if it's stolen
It’s unfortunate that they people selling it are ignorant to how good this bike is and why. Also, “we” may know it’s a good bike, and “we” may know that the assembly quality is, and always will be, suspect for any department store bike - but the vast majority of people buying this bike won’t.    And someone is going to get hurt. And then someone in (fill in the store name) head office is going to say “stop making and selling these bikes. We’re getting sued too much.”
I would buy this bike if I needed to buy a bike. I currently own 5 though so I don't need another
Anyone know what shoes seth uses on flat paddles? Or does anyone know a good brand?
I have the Ozark Trail Vibe and it’s a pretty good bike, It has a few differences from the Ridge but it has a similar style and frame.
right on
Seth's definition of a mtb: it can hold 2 waterbottles 👌😂
How did you manage to add @Hambini to this family friendly channel… 2:40
For what it’s worth the trouvaille also comes in medium and newer versions have internal routing for a dropper. Now if only they’d make one of these with a small frame 😅.
Man I’d recognize that Pisgah Forest Wal-Mart back drop from a mile away. 😁
Axum by schwinn is better option dropper equiped on sale now $450
Since Walmart started in Bentonville AR I’m more surprised it took this long.
is the big ozark trail logo paint or a sticker
can you test  giant talon best quality and price
A couple small corrections since your Trouvaille video! (I've got one since then) Firstly, the Trouvaille was previously only in Medium (and apparently running a bit small), now it also comes in Large! The Large ones also seem to have gotten a fair bit of upgrades; presumably the Medium ones have as well, but I suspect for at least a little while, if you buy a Medium, it'll be from the old stock. Trouvaille also now has internal routing for droppers, they put an extra hole up front and then a new routing behind the seat tube. And they've copied the same clear plastic chain protector as the Ozark Trail too, so yeah, they're definitely watching the reviews from folks like you, KevCentral, and the myriad of others who have pointed these flaws out.  Downsides, it's still that same weird seatpost size, so you need to either shim for a smaller post or ream to fit a larger one. They also (like the Ozark) assemble these incorrectly, even from the factory they route the chain wrong through the derailleur. I've bought two Trouvailles, had to return the first because the Medium wasn't quite my size, but also because they both came with wobbly bushings in the fork stanchions; both had the chain routed incorrectly even though my new one is the Large with all those little tweaks. (Suntour warranteed the second wobbly fork, just got the replacement bushings in the mail.)  Do I wish I had the Ozark Trail instead after seeing this video? A little bit, yeah! Seatpost mainly, and the terrible kickstand mount. But I'm also pretty happy with the MicroShift it comes with and the very slightly better fork, so I think they're pretty comparable out-of-the-box, assuming you get the updated Trouvaille. (L-Twoo supposedly makes some very good budget groupsets for road bikes though, even carbon ones, so I'd be curious how their mountain bike one matches up to MicroShift.) Angle grinder will solve the kickstand problem when I'm feeling brave enough, and if/when I go for a dropper, I'll figure something out. Both bikes are great starting platforms and I've been having fun riding the Trouvaille on more relaxed trails in mostly stock setup, even with that slight fork wobble!
Looks exactly like the 750 ish dollar giant ATX i had years ago. Maybe better !!!!  This is perfect. I just rode my fatbike into spring this year and found the perfect summer bike. Thanks for sharing!!!!
Trek, Specialized, Giant and Cannondale executives are meeting in a dimly lit room plotting against Walmart to keep the entry level hardtail at $1k.
Pretty cool they're doin it, When i was about 12 and wanted a good bike i had to get a job and pay the bike up over time , about £750 . Finally got the bike and had no time to ride it since now ive gotta work. If big stores had actually useful bikes at good prices back then it would have been way easier to get into riding
People have made comments about Walmart putting money into having more capable entry-level bikes and into trails around their headquarters. Another area they should invest in is knowledgeable people at their stores and training. I watch Seth, Kevcentral, and others and there is a reoccurring problem. The bikes at the store are are rarely ready to ride. Granted, even if you're paying thousands and thousands for a top-of-the-line bike, there's going to be some setup. But every Walmart bike review I see always seems to show problems with the assembly. Now, imagine if instead of buying a bike that his half-assed put together, Walmart had well-trained people in their bike department. Or at least ONE person who could check the work of others. And maybe people who could help new riders set up their seat height, handlebars, etc. They wouldn't need a full-on bike repair store, but just people knowledgeable enough to make sure the bike is adjusted properly and it won't fall apart on the first ride.
Schwinn Axum Dp outshines the ozark and kent it's under 500 and comes with a dropper post🤙no bike gives you that at that price its awesome
Imo I would still say my sunpeed rule is the best bike in terms of specs for the price it costs something like 400$ and has an air fork, 1x9 drive train, hydraulic disk brakes, different sizes and can be shipped worldwide. I bought mine in the uae which is where they are based and it has worked great.
Seth — like it or not, despite what you said on GMBN, you are an influencer!
Don’t buy this if you’re going to ride trails. your money is better spent buying a Trek Marin or something, it’ll be cheaper after you don’t have to replace anything in the first season
Ltwoo is like a cheaper version SRAM
Good review Seth.  If people stumble across this bike they may get a deal.
If Walmart is listening,  a good air fork and hydraulic brakes at the $499 price point would be a killer deal
Hopefully they work on the assembly soon. I live in the UK and regularly check out (and own) decathlon bikes, and they offer tune-ups once you've used them for a few weeks.
I bought one because I was going to show up with it to a group ride as a gag. The drive side crank arm pedal hole was not tapped, lol. I was so bummed. Took it back, but I really wanted to try it out because it looks really decent otherwise. I got one in the box so I could give it a proper assembly.
Can we grt sone more trail building vids
strange how he dosent present some chinesse carbon bikes...!!!!!
Please do some cool upgrades to it, would be good fun
could you make a video about rohloff internal gear hubs on mtb's? I would be very interested in your opinion on those
I have that bike it isnt bad
Look a lot like my Trek Marlin 6 from 20'.
Do you even need a fork in such a cheap bike. It's totally possible to ride cross-country without the fork.
Could you mount a bag where the kickstand mounts are?
Yes! A new upgradable beginner bike series!! I love those
You just sold about a million bikes for Walmart today.
What kind of headtube?
Unfortunately it's not available at Walmart Mexico bikes are way overpriced here...please upgrade this bike in a video
Not gonna be in Asheville until the 25th. Dang it! This looks like a good candidate for an ebike conversion.
Love the Canadian tire shout out!
l-twoo is made by an ex sram engineer , I have it on my bike the AX model , 12 speed by 1 , 50t cassete and it is riding smooth , even though it does not come with a clutch , it never touched the chainstay. To the story of lt-woo , LTWOO: Yes another company that maybe owes it's existence to SRAM pulling out of Guangzhou in 2013. Derailleurs are very obviously based on 10-speed-era SRAM mechs, not a lot of innovation (or even fast-following) evident in their product lineup. For the moment, this is basically a no-support aliexpress brand. We'll see if they're as serious as expanding into the west as Sensah appears to be. Lt-woo is also developing electronic wireless shifters and other stuff btw , they got into brakes , but closed the subject because their hydraulic brakes spilled oil every where
I would love to see a review of the Costco Intense 951
Department companies have come a hell of a long way.     For example for the UK we have Halfords (I work there) out own brand Carrera are really really good now and getting better rivaling modern brands we do like Boardman and Voodoo
Would be a good bike to have for a friend coming into town
Weight?  My guess: 35.25 lbs
I'm buying 5 today. 1 for each of my bros. Thanks dude
walmart's bentonville bike!  pretty good entrance into mtb'ing for many folks' - they might stick around for a few decades
Cheap bikes with modern standards are great. If you don't love the sport you didn't waste too much money and you can still ride to the bus stop. And if you do love the sport you can upgrade over time. My biggest gripe with department store is the safety aspect. People expect to be able to buy something from a store and go out and ride it. Department store bikes are often assembled by someone who is not qualified to do so. I'm honestly surprised this isn't a liability for them. A tiny hard to read sticker should not suffice as a warning label.
OK, now maybe you can influence Walmart to treat their workers better! :) Also, I'd like to see a 100 mile, or better yet, 500 mile review of this bike before drawing too many conclusions. I'd feel a lot better about riding the $500 2022 Rockhoppers you can get right now than this thing.
I want a bike like that for sale over here in Europe!
Yeah, spend $400 for a wally world bike, spend another $100 for a real bike tech to look it over, you might as well just bought an entry level trek, specialized or scott from that same person and supported their local shop.   If I owned a shop that sold legit bikes I definitely wouldn't charge less then $150 to work on it.
CadeMedia made sure I knew all about LTWOO.   Pretty sure Frances has used some of their road and/or mullet groups on some serious rides.
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Seth..... The plastic ring around the sprocket is a BMX style bash guard or guarded sprocket or whatever you want to call it, not for chair retention.
It’s cool that you review this bike carefully.
Are we really surprised though? Look at how much publicity Bentonville has received in the last year or so and they've spent $13,000,000 in mountain bike trails and just shy of $50,000,000 on paved MUPs. They are watching people from all around the country roll into their corporate town with bikes worth 10, 20 and even 30 times more than the most expensive they sell. The people they are hiring are probably into the hobby because someone in corporate is pushing for better quality bikes.  I'd love to see you upgrade this thing with reasonable parts, asif it was your first half decent mountain bike. It'd be funny to see SRAM AXS stuff on it, but
U forgot about the axum dp from Walmart gotta add it to the list and its 498
As of today Kent Trouvaille has L and M sizes and is dropper post ready, it has been upgraded (per your video I bet :). It also doesn't have crappy bottom of the barrel LTwoo groupset unlike Ozark and can accommodate much larger tires. I like Ozark frame though except tire spacing and ugly color and letters. For me - Kent any day! Nice way Walmart bikes came, now their prices need to get to $299
you should review the gaint talon 4 mountain bike the only problem i had with it is the chain falling off.
Looks like AFIsport bikes here in Europe
Now that Decathlon sells in the US, you should get your hand on a Rockrider and compare them!
I think imma just vibe with my rockhopper
It’s sad to see the Kent Trouvaille go, such a legend with squeaking BB and Bolany fork.
He should try the Schwinn Axum dp
The geometry on this bike looks surprisingly similar to my bird zero. Hardtail
Sorry Seth but we are in 2023 going into 2024 where are the cheap mt200 hydros.
Mechanical disc brakes are something that everyone with half a brain can service. The fluid ones aren't too bad, but still require at least some level of understanding and a couple of special things. I had no problem with the mechanical brakes back in the day. The wheel is going to lock even with rim brakes, so slowing down it mostly how you use them.
The Trouvaille now comes in a medium and large, with new stock of the bike coming with internal routing for a dropper.  On the dropper sizing, you're kinda forced to either remove some material to make it fit, or go with a 27.2 and a shim to bring it up to size.
I have to say, on first sight it looks promising, the frame looks well made, it has a decent cassette... I'd be happy to pay 400 bucks for that bike and shove a good RockShox fork in it eventually.
The more I think about, given the investment in Bentonville, it makes sense Walmart is due to get in the mtb game in a more serious way.
Well it looks better than the previous version of that with the 8 speed freewheel, a buddy bought one, our first ride, a very mild ride….  That freewheel ate itself. Not sure if he tried returning it or is still thinking he’s gonna keep it and try to fix it, but this looks to be specd a lot better than what he had. But now he’s on to a trek marlin, so we shall see how it does.
buy polygon xtrada 6 and upgrade it
That’s for the schmoes headed to bentonville and football dad needs a “bike” for the weekend. Well played Sam, well played.
Makes sense that we would build a good solid basic MTB given the number of trails and MTB stuff they support in Bentonville. “Hey, we should probably sell a bike that our customers can ride near our HQ”
Hey Seth! Got a new thing you can test! I'm seeing a lot of people with their kids on those top tube style baby (killers) carriers............I keep wondering how well the frame can do with the type of forces that are being generated on the frame. Also what the poor kids neck and back are going through!!!!.........The trails aren't super technical (Sherman Branch in Charlotte NC. good trail though!) but a bike frame was never meant to have a force on it in that way. Just thinking because they sell these crazy things at WalMart, the same type people buying an Ozark might be buying a baby carrier!
You could get a bike with the same specs at $272 or ₱15,000 here in the PH. Some are already equipped with hydraulic MT200 Shimano brakes and a 10-Speed Ltwoo A7 Elite groupset at that price of $400. I guess the cost to ship parts and the mark up for Wallmart is just pretty much high.
That's an L-Twoo rear derailleur! I mean they are coming on strong! They have an electronic shifting 12 speed road groupset with hydraulic disc brakes.
$400 to see if you like mtn biking.  Then once you're hooked, it's not like a mid-line semi expensive bike sits in your garage never to be used again after buying a "real" mtn bike.  Cheap enough to offer to a friend to get him hooked. LOL
Niceeeee
Wild when you think about the price here vs other bike brands. Walmart's cost of goods to revenue is about 75%, and they have a net margin of less than 2%. This means that this bike costs them about $300 to make, and they only make $10 total on it when accounting for overhead and other expenses. Other brands will have higher margins and better markup, so the point is that this is an incredible value, even if just looking to swap out most parts as you upgrade.  Also, gotta hand it to the product managers at Walmart, sounds like they watch the channel and literally used this vid as a checklist. Impressive to see them so thorough in fixing just about everything.
What is your opinion on trek bikes
I have the Kent bicycle and it took me less than five minutes to go on Amazon and find a shim adapter so that I could use a 27.5 mm dropper post. The Kent is a 30.4 The adapters cost literally eight dollars. I have 125 mm of drop now and it is fantastic!
Its funny the normal consumer would see all the fancy features on a cheap bike and think that makes the bike better than one without those features.  A $400 bike with rear suspension would instantly mean its a pile of crap.
Sounds like Walmart has some real mountain bikers in the office designing this bike
Wild to see the walmart I grew up going to on a big YouTube channel lol
Both look the same size when shown side by side....
what I want to know is where i can buy the "huffy aneurysm"
You should go all out with the upgrades on it.
Okay but can someone explain to me why I can’t sell my 22’ marlin 6 for more more more than $400 🥲
I spent $250 on a Huffy hardtail and a small fortune in upgrades.  It would have been cheaper to spend the extra $150 on the Ozark.  I would have had to paint it though, because ew.
If I didn't already have my trouvaille and upgrades on it I would consider this
OK, your move MAGELLAN!
Seth is one of the coolest dudes ever
"for all that money you'd think they would put rear suspension on it" , oh dear god please no.
Maybe Walmart realized since their hometown has been made into a mtb playground, they should probably sell a bike that you can ride on them haha
Mountain biking hotspot in U.S. = Bentonville Walmart HQ = Bentonville coincidence?? Wally sent a bunch of interns to the local bike shops and they asked questions..
Walmart should sell this bike in a box, saving their money on bad the installation, and using that money to put better components. Let the rider install the bike themselves.
Looks like a good bike for when I have guests over. I might even get my Dad to go for a ride. 👍🏼👍🏼
We’ve seen you upgrade the Kent. How about something a little different (but kinda the same) on this one?  Agree the bike name is far too large.  What about opening up the “Bern Peak Paint Booth” stripping this down and getting it a fresh look and color without a complete mechanical parts replacement. Maybe new pedals, grips, decals, and paint?
Sweet.  Thanks for sharing this.
Looks a lot like the Mongoose Ardor. I have taken an Ardor and made it a trail monster.
When I look at this bike it really reminds me of the Aggressor Pro sold at Dick's Sporting Goods, the budget hardtail by GT. Yes, GT, it's huge that Walmart is finally stepping up their game to compete with name brand budget mountain bikes.
The handles bars were set for speed, and going pro. The peddles were set to come off for more speed also.
Work at WM and this caught my eye as soon as it hit the rack...great value for the coin for newbs just getting off road...Ozark Trail is Walmarts house brand for their sporting goods lines.The Walton boys tried their own high end road bike line which kinda fizzled out,thinking they may be looking at expanding their mtb line. Don't forget Walmart has put a ton into the mtb trails in Bentonville which is where they're based out of...glad to see a good review on this,was hoping you were doing one...
That's awesome, 400€ is my high budget, it's great to see quality bike for that price, i really hope that's a good buisines décision, i want more of it.
seth,  simply thank you for you "working man's" advice!!
How in your opinion would this be compared to the Giordano Intrepid?
The concept of a big-box, trail ready MTB is cool, but factoring at least a $60 tune from a local bike shop, and you’re within $100 of a bike from a bike shop where you can get supported parts.  Big box consumers looking at bikes really are looking at different uses than enthusiasts are.  Seth covers this in the last quarter of this video, so no point in me rehashing it.  Its harder to sell a $400 from a big box store than it is for a reputable brand to sell a “value” $600-$800 bike.
it's just a gt agressor pro with a different paint job
Now if they can do something about bike assembly.  Maybe partner with a bike shop.🤔
I want to see Seth's reaction to built bikes from the Philippines   $490 here is 19k pesos that'll get u a mountainpeak bike with hydraulic brakes and shimano deore groupset
I bought one love it. made it electric
I'd like to note that mechanical disk breaks are better for many people who rarely use their bikes (or use them as utility for camping, hanging upside down, etc), because they require less mantainance.  And cheap shifters have gotten very decent in the last 10 years for non-biker bicyclists.    Same as tubeless tires are BAD for most people that park their bike and expect to not ride it for a reason and just grab it and go.  Quality suspension is pretty much not critical for people who are not going to bomb down a mountain anyway... etc.  There's a lot of snobbery in the biker community, and they keep pushing for wrong bikes for 99% of the people that don't need any of these complications...  I appreciate this channel for doing reviews like this.  (and I'm a mountain and road biker with, what I consider, very nice bikes)...
Kev Central should love this.
My bike cost just a little over £385 pounds, which is around $490 dollars. It came with a lot of problems, the pedal bearings were shot within a week and the front skewer bent mid-ride which collapsed the wheel.  In order to make it safe to ride, i've had to replace pretty much everything but the frame and drivetrain. It's now a cheap bike with rather expensive parts bolted to it. Those cheap Suntour forks can take a beating too, so ignore the warning labels.
Sounds like a bike, you scrap everything but the frame and build it with premium parts.
Would like to see this thing get upgraded! Always fun seeing those videos.
Parts bin uuuuuuuupgrade!
Love how you posted this AFTER I already bought my Trouavaile . . . Either way I'm in love with the Kent.
As a dedicated casual, I can see myself with this bike.
The question is : Who, and where produces the frame?
Awesome content can’t wait to see the next video
I scooped up a Canyon hardtail for $500 brand new. Love it
PNW makes dropper posts for smaller sized seat posts.
This looks like a higher quality bike than my 2021 Trek Marlin 5... Lol
I work at Walmart and I saw a couple of these in the sporting goods section and was super curious if they were any good. Interesting to learn more about it!
I bet Bentonville is going to be full of these this year.
Ozark coolers and camping gear are well made, not surprised they made a good bike.
Would hope that WalMart could produce a decent mountain bike. After all, the Walton foundation has donated tens of millions of dollars to help build mountain bike trails...
Seth, question, where did you buy that GoPro mount for your helmet and what is the name of of that part.  Seeing a lot of other bikers with that mount on their helmets ( POC, Bontrager,) helmets with the air slots in them I am in the market for a new comfy helmet myself but I also have a Insta360 camera that I would like to mount.  Thanks in advance.
SMEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSHHHHHHHHHH
PAPA SETH
Instead of making value upgrades just make a video entitled: How far can you upgrade a Walmart Bike. and just completely overhaul with the nicest parts. Example: Sram Axs Transmission and I9 Wheels
I just don't understand how department stores can sell bikes in that state in the first place. I mean, you don't go buying a brand spanking new car and needing to take it straight to a mechanic!
This is cool - I mean, it feels and looks like they are actually keeping an ear open for feedback.. I hope we'll see Seth upgrading this bike with mid-high end parts and give it a good bashing to see how good the frame is... imagine having a great, scalable frame at a fraction of the cost of a branded one!!
..... CANADIAN TIRE SHOUT OUT?! Whoa.. Did not see that coming.  Love it. Gonna have to go start reviewing some CCMs
I live in Albuquerque, NM and I'm always bummed that there aren't a lot of people riding bikes out here even when the weather is perfect. It's good to see walmart actually making stuff that isn't going to injure someone and something that will last. We need more people biking in the US. This car obsession needs to die.
Man is funny having a Walmart bike make sure you can upgrade it  with a dropper post with internal cable routing, while trek removed such an ability in their more budget lineup.
The Kent travaille does come in a medium.
Hee, are there more people that want to know, how to easy talk for your bikeshop about what u need/want. I can fix something, but when i need a real bike man. Somehow i kinda off use car mecanic terms and words😅
My theory is Walmart's headquarters is in Bentonville Arkansas. Northwest Arkansas is quickly becoming one of the premier places for mountain biking (and MTBing competitions) in the US. Walmart is also known for store and product experimentation here and there in a few of their NWA locations. I'm really glad to see this. I really want to get into mountain biking, but I'm so gosh darn poor.
I’ve been saying for years. The are some, and emphasis on some, big box bikes that are great starter bikes. If you are looking into getting into MTB and don’t want used, some of these bikes are great. I started on a Nishiki Colorado Comp from DSG and I upgraded to a “real” MTB about a year later after falling in love with it. I’m never gonna give any crap about starting on a Kent or a Schwinn Axiom if they are out o nthe trail having fun👍🏻
Please collab with kevcentral. He's been a staple in the bike YouTube community.
Some marketing dude is frantically redoing tomorrows power point presentation to pitch the huffy aneurysm!
It's been neat to see bikes at Walmart stepping up their game. A few years ago they started offering 1x drivetrains, and HTAs slacker than 70 degrees. Then bikes like the Schwinn Axum came out with decent frame geometry and every modern standard other than thru-axle. Then the Axum went on sale for $228  last fall - which was a phenomenal deal. Now there are maybe four commonly available models at Walmart that all have promise and a handful of others that go on super sale from time-to-time (Schwinn Taff Comp for $124 anyone?)
I think you should review the Northrock XC27 (27.5”) or XC29 (29”). It’s produced by Giant, sold by Costco (so more people are seeing it on shelves), it’s got a Shimano Altus in the back, and a Tourney in the front (yes, it’s a 3x) and Tektro disc brakes (mechanical). But most importantly, it doesn’t have an outrageously obvious logo on the side and it’s doesn’t have a sticker telling you not to take it off-road.
Def would love to see you upgrade it in a future video !
Buy a couple, and side by side upgrade one to budget XC, one to budget downhill, one to a budget trail, highlighting the differences and why they matter, where you can fudge and where you should differentiate.
Whoa! A shout out to Canada! Thanks Seth! We Canadians do love Canadian Tire!
Hi man! Whats your tought s on the giant trance 1 2017? Im about to get one
Wow Walmart using L-Twoo groupos now
I bought bike for 2.5k euros and in the manual was exactly the same sentece with no riding at trails XD
The reality is improved bikes. Goes back to the Deception.
Both bikes probably built in the same factory.
Good candidate for a BBSHD
I was just looking at a Trouvaille yesterday. Glad I didn’t get it. I’ll probably be buying this bike soon
How do you drink out of the bottle on the seat post?
what about the rear axle?  spacing?  thru-axle?  qr?
EPIC!!!!!! And I hate Wal-Mart bikes  but WOW!!! I might make this my 18th bike just to see👀what  this 48yr old can rock it through with no upgrades ever till broke!!!!
The only question is: will the frame break? Proper brands are struggling with this, if it holds up to some moderate to hard abuse, it looks like an absolute bargain for beginners.
Call it the ozark trail boss or ozark trail master
A real mountain bike has rear suspension
Try the mongoose ardor x1.
All it needs is a 27.5  rear wheel and it would be a hoot!
This looks like a great base for an electric bike kit and the triangle is big enough for a huge battery.... Not a fan of the 29" rims and I'd prefer a 27.5" but it would still be nice.
I've been buying bikes of this sort of price for a long time and as long as you're bit picky you can get really nice, simple (in a good way) bikes for the money. The one thing I do find is the headset is often very cheap and worth replacing almost immediately.
I think you're right in that Walmart is making something like this because they know a whole category of Youtube content is dedicated to riding Walmart mountain bikes down trails. Something else to consider is that mountain biking is just that popular now. I've seen friends and acquantainces I never thought would ever get into mountain biking, now hitting local and even traveling to trails. It's mainstream now and that's great.
Apparently not a brand at Walmart Canada! Was looking for general interest. Like the channel. Only started cycling 4 years ago, just a roadie. Not sure I'm going to get into mountain biking at my age (pushing 60) but I love your content
It's really cool how they are listening to the people. Some company could go like "nah, our product is the best as it is".
Awesome Video!!!!
L-twoo is a big name in the ali-express groupsets game their quite good but carry the 'ali-express' name.
THIS IS MADE BY KENT.....
It looks a lot like my Trek Roscoe and that was three times the price.
Finally the perfect Walmart bike for Sam Pilgrim to shred down in Whistler
Huffy aneurysms lol😂
Probably comes from the same factory as the Diamondback Sync'r?
The Trouvaille now also comes in a Medium sized frame
Rumors say that it also has a sealed bearing in the headset. It's ready for a tapered fork.
This is awesome. I'm glad that there's a really solid cheap option. It seems that the bike world has pivoted to focus heavily on $$$ e-Bikes, gravel, and the more competitive side of cycling instead of making bikes for (adult) beginners. The REI Co-op Dirt 1.1 was my previous go-to but they made some changes and kicked the price up to 600 bucks. Trek still sells the 820 for 500 bucks but that has rim brakes, the Marlin 4 has an MSRP of $630. Giant offers one for a similar price as well. Specialized doesn't even sell an entry level mountain bike anymore.   I remember starting on a 85 dollar dual suspension Walmart sh*tbike, then saving up money and buying a Specialized Hardrock. Had the 400 dollar bike been an option, I would have saved some cash and done that. I upgraded literally every single component on that Hardrock frame before selling it to a NICA racer when I got a new bike.
Think its time we see a Berm Peak branded budget hardtail bike 😂. Do the right thing Seth
hey seth, where can i find the cad-file for that "turning-knob-tool" that can hold a bit?
I had this bike and thought it was terrible. The assembly was so awful. Wouldn't shift right, the cables for the brakes were bent and wouldn't brake smoothly, the rear caliper fell apart. I returned it.
Pffffttt I don't know my dudes, anything with the proposed use (TRAIL, in this case)  in the product title is always a bit shite.  Feel me?
Хорошая шутка, заниматься великами и сделать вид, что впервые L-Twoo увидел😄
How much did Walmart pay you? 😂
This bike is directly inspired by the YouTube bigbox bike community. My opinion, but im sure it is accurate.
Can’t wait to see the Ozark Trail evolve into the Ozark Shred on the next video.
Is it better than the new gt pro aggressor?
Awesome
Very cool.  I can't wait for the Pimp my MB episode of this. :) Thanks for all the amazing content!
Bro funny I was just at Walmart the other day and though huh not bad looking.
Super chill paint job. Decentish parts on it.... assembly is garbage (but they basically grab Whoever and tell them to assemble it and put them o na timer.) I absolutely would want this bike.
Reminds me of my Last gen trek marlin 6
A real mountain bike is called a motorbike
Deore 11spd is a great drivetrain for these bikes, especially in hilly terrain.  Affordable but reliable way to get 11-51t range.  Also, MT500 brakes.
It could be that Walmart has spent a lot of money In Arkansas on bike trails. So why not sell a decent bike to ride them
Let's not forget that massive petition demanding companies stop producing "BSO's" (bicycle shaped objects, bikes built to throw away)
Bought the Ozark trail vibe in a small frame this year. Want to start riding a bit, but my budget is very small (thanks Biden).
09:13 People don't know the prices of bikes. They think that a $200 bike named *"The Harrasment"* Is a flagship bike
I learned something, it was entertaining, and it made me happy that I subscribed to you so I can keep watching this amazing content❤
And like that Ken trevail is put on the back shelf
First thing I would do is remove the bigass logo on the side of it, get new decals and call it Darth Vader or something goofy lol
It seems Walmart is updating their bike section. The parts, tools, helmets, sized frames, all of it has been modernized. This doesn't change the standards though.
Super Ozark would be great!
Vitus nucleus VR
Yoo the rack mounts are awesome! How about that bikepacking/touring on a budget right!
Seth could make a 3 hour video and I wouldn't leave my couch. Keep it up Seth!
Probably helps that Walmart is located in Bentonville, and they’ve already shown support for the sport there. Probably have some employees there that love the sport.
Lt woo is really good brand they are relaible and have whole lot of range now they even have electronic shifters..
Need a upgrade video with this bike. please
Time for upgrades.
Bargain...Brilliant 1st timers bike, They'd sell like HotCake's here in the UK...Pitty we don't get them..Ha!
It’d be cool to see a comparison with these and bikes like the Trek Marlin, Gt Aggressor, Specialized Rockhopper. Like is your money better spent on one of these or on the Ozark??
Seth,  glad you showcased this on the channel. I have several friends who just got into the mountain biking and could have imagined now recommending them to try this bike versus the $800 Treks they bought. As you know, Walmart is based out of Bentonville and has invested into the MTB community. I think it is easy to entertain the idea that a person in the company could make a compelling argument to develop this product. As a fisherman, I see Ozark Trail lures and tackle that are basically replica ideas from some of the best and most expensive lures and tackle in the fishing industry. This bike seems to be in line with their overall direction with Ozark Trails. Stoked to see the Super Ozark Trail upgrades.
That drive train is a well respected brand from Ali express and offer fairly double decent use for its prices
Fyi, ltwoo is like chinese sram, thats what i heard
If the frame is good, I might buy it and swap all my components into it.
Any idea if and when they will be in canadian stores?
It’s fun to see economy and growth happened right in front of your eyes
Walmart spends millions building trails so now I guess they're making bikes capable of riding those trails.
Seth, can you measure the head tube and seat tube angles?
I've been wanting to update from my old 90s Diamond Back Apex but not spend a fortune since I'm more a casual rider now.  This might hit the spot.  Thanks!
This video makes me miss Big Rock Trail.  I need to make another trip down soon
i got my Vitus nucleus for 400 29 air fork wtb wheel maxxis tyres nukeproof components on by draive  cant beat that can you
I give it till the weekend before Seth starts to upgrade it 😆
I ride a near $10k cad Commencal with fox factory suspension and AXS everything...but I'm weirdly obsessed with department store bikes. I bought my first fatbike from Canadian Tire (nice shoutout btw!) because I saw it had potential for upgrading and I didn't want a huge investment to get into fatbikes.  Nice to see they're offering some decent bikes to get people into the sport!
oddly enough they also sell that bike in a Small too. If you check the tags on the rack.
It actually looks pretty nice for $300.
I just fixed up some old bikes for my family to ride the white rim last week and an I spent at least that much with new parks like pedals, saddle, tires, stems, bars etc. Granted it was for 2 bikes, but they were still old bikes with newish parts on them, and my oldest didn't get a great fit frame wise. For $400 and available in different sizes, this is a great place to start building bikers.
It seems pretty solid for a big box bike…
Hey Seth it would be cool if you reviewed or look at some of the Quietkat bikes please.
Walmart sporting goods manager after watching this video: 😞
I started riding diamond backs in the 90s and a surly in 99. Later I found myself on a 96 Gary Fisher that I rode for years. It's always been my recommendation for entry level riders to get one of these vintage hard tails for 35 bucks and have a bike shop rebuild it for 200 bucks. With a 500 dollar budget (and a fair amount of luck) you can even find rare/custom hand built bikes from the mid 2000s that turn heads and absolutely SHRED. Learn to do the maintenance and they'll run for an eternity. That said, I'm fascinated by department and sporting goods store bikes and the way that they sort of retrofit bike tech that's 10 years old to produce fairly modern bikes for dirt cheap. It's nice to know that we're actually getting to a place where these cheap bikes are safe to ride and not destined for a landfill the moment they're made.
Ltwoo is a Chinese brand challenging SRAM and Shimano. They now have hydraulic brakes that work well at the high end and electronic shifting... though only for road and gravel so far.
I'm almost 100% sure that Kent Bikes makes the Ozark Trail lineup for Walmart. The same company that makes the Kent trouvaille, so no wonder they are so similar.
L twoo are a chinese company... They recently made their own electronic shifters for road bikes.
Test the new bikes bass pro shops sells
One observation that I made is that the graphics are minimalist, like real mountain bikes. Big box store faux mountain bikes are always plastered with flashy graphics like, "'FULL SUSPENSION," "21-SPEED!" or "ALUMINUM ALLOY FRAME!" and other stupid stuff. Just like in nature, those graphics should be taken to mean, "WARNING!!! Stay away! This thing will bite you in the ass!" LOL!
...Huffy Aneurysm.....😂
Hey @BermPeakExpress, there was a video long time back where you talked about an online bike parts store that you could call on the phone  and would help you out........I have been searching for days (BOTH CHANELS) looking for this episode. Can you help with which online parts store this was please? I am wanting to upgrade the  box store GT Aggressor that got me into MTB years ago and pass is down.
Walmart did what Amazon does: Sell a product from another manufacturer, see what people think about it, then... Sell their own version of it for less, capture the original market, profit
Blend in?! Print some Great Value logos and a Rollback head badge.
Was wondering why it was called Trouvaille lol. French word just sounded off since ur saying it in English. It's a grammar of found, trouvé.
Looks like a Trek Marlin frame.
So what you are saying is that I spent 600 Euros on an 850 Euro bike on sale and thats worse than a 400$ bike? nice  I can't even install a proper dropper post on mine btw
LTWOO is a large Chinese parts manufacturer. Better known for road where they even have a 12 speed electronic setup.
I think it’s understated in the video how poorly Wal Mart bikes are built. If you’re skilled enough to basically overhaul your bike, are you going to be in the market for one of these? Or, more likely, considering this bike will need to immediately be taken to a shop for a $60-$120 tuneup, depending on where you live, how can you call it a $400 bike? Seems to lose its luster in comparison to a professionally built $550 entry-level bike from a shop. Just my $0.02
Hard to beat a Canyon Grand Canyon 5 for $499 right now though.   Do you think there’s money in a budget build off video where you buy a decent used bike and upgrade, an entry level budget bike (like the previously mentioned Grand Canyon 5) and upgrade, or just buy a better bike at the top of a $2-3k max?
A great first upgrade for this bike would be some new brake calipers. There are a number of hybrid hydraulic/cable pull calipers now that are a massive upgrade over fully mechanical calipers.  The bucklos/catazer ones are really affordable but work great.
Great…my Giant 3 hardtail just depreciated that much more..lol😂
whiskey grips ?
YESSSS this is what we want, we need to commonise lower prices of decent bikes, as it allows your average person to start out biking and get into the sport rather than needing to save up for months for a simple bike, good going wallmart, proper cool
After having a Walmart bike try and off me, I don't think there's much they could do that would convince me to play Russian Roulette with one of their bikes again. At least not in this lifetime.
Not that Walmart bikes are great but they always mess one or two things up every time. In this bike (atleast at my local walmarts) its the fact it has regular old nuts not even atleast quick release axles...what were they thinking... The bike in this video looks to have quick release🤔 weird
Seth u said the Kent had maxxis tires
I think someone saw the couple bikes you could get from Walmart and just upgrade them because yeah, there was also a Schwinn that had a GREAT frame with great geometry and there are guides everywhere to buy it then upgrade it.  Someone probably saw that and said hey, what if we just made a slightly better one to take up that "entry level" market?
It would be an intriguing video to review all the bike products at Walmart. Helmets, grips, seats, etc.
i noticed you never mention hubs and wheels. those department bikes generally have terrible wheels and hubs from my experience. thats where they save some money too. ive folded too many in my days.
Another thought on why Wal-mart is trying to get more into actual mountain bike stuff.  They have contributed a lot of money to turning the HQ hometown, Bentonville, into a mountain biker's playground.  It only makes sense that they offer something customers can use on those trails.  It's a win-win for all of us IMO.
How dare you turn your back on the god-like Kent Trouvaille
Seth i suggest you to try a suntour fork that is around 500 dollar, it's the same as the Fox 36
You need to try out the mongoose ardor it is a great project bike
Looks exactly like my Cube, and it was cheaper XD Get your Bike's when they are on sale fam.
That's pretty cool. There's very few cheap 29ers with a tapered headset in the UK
Please Please do a build series on this aswell
ozark trail has a 20$ telescoping fishing rod and its served me well
Funny story about this bike, a friend and I went riding a Pocahontas state park in VA, and 30 minutes into our ride, he bent the front wheel from a crash. We took a minute and thought about what to do, so we packed up our bikes and headed over to Walmart. We went to bike section and found the Ozark. An hour and $400 later, we got back to the park, gave the bike a quick fix and we were back to riding trails again, needless to say the bike handled amazing and got us out of a tough spot. For the value it really is a great bike. This bike definitely deserves the new spot as bike to beat for department stores!
Seth what kind of gopro mount do you use on your helmet?
You just made a video on Bentonville, Walmart literally created Bentonville, so it makes sense that they are starting to become interested in the sport
I bet they were ashamed their stores couldn't sell a bike worthy of pedaling around Bentonville.
Would buy, perfect for a going to town bike and for lending to friends when they come to visit
That fork is good enough for the price to be honest
this bike makes mountain biking more accessible which is a net positive. Walmart listens to Seth and Seth does a basically free ad for them *with an honest opinion and constructive criticism* nothing but wins!
LTwoo is a Chinese company and were started by ex sram engineers they make good parts for low prices that are comparable to Shimano and sram. Also sensah is another company that makes good stuff for low prices compared to Shimano and sram.
As a former bike shop employee, this bike is great for the price compared to entry level big brand bikes. I think a trek marlin 4 is like $550-600 bucks now?
I really find your videos informative and have taken your advise on several things you have covered. Look forward to the next video🤙🏼
here in our country, even chinese cheap brands like that Ltwoo were improving in their updates on newer versions of groupsets. recently they attempted on 12-speed ROAD GS with Carbon parts and hydraulic brakes system for just only 430$ pricetag. Several youtubers also reviewed their past product releases, and it seems like they are trying to listen for improvement.
I wish you would have bought the Hyper 29 Carbon bike, now 498.  I want to see your review of it!
Great I just bought a worthless diamondback Odyssey for the same price as this bike, I should have checked out Walmart, but how often does Walmart actually have anything worth buying anyways?  anyone know where i can find some affordable front suspension that doesn't bottom out when ridding off a curb?? Diamond back has failed at making a ridable bike with this line
I actually bought this bike last month and done some upgrades. I will say I love this bike and it's going be a long time riding this bike. I wish I could show a photo on how it looks with my upgrades.
Kent made the bike for Walmart
It's actually great they are making bikes that make mtb genuinely accessible to those on tight budgets... They should be applauded for it. In UK Go Outdoors used to... Their Bossnut was legendary... But of late it seems policy change sadly
Dude I almost bought this and I'm so glad you reviewed it.
It's a Game Changing moment - The fact that conversation is happening, the bike exist and at a very easily accessible store nationwide is the huge win. The chances just dramatically increased that we'll have MORE people (especially younger ones) getting access and interested in playing outdoors on trails means more likelihood we'll all have more trails and bike parks to play on in the future and likely less expensive options to do it!
I've had LTWOO shifter and derailleur combo on several bikes for 4+ years. They're nothing fancy but very reliable!
Seth can you review a polygon D6
If you are going to go get one of these just make sure you are getting the Ridge and not the Vibe.  Big difference.
Would be great if this came in a size S. Would be perfect for my wife.
Fyi guys this bike is also available at Bass Pro / Cabelas
I hope Walmart are paying u for all this free advertising?!!! Seth... WALMART SPORTS AMBASSADOR 😉
Kent offers a medium now also, I have one😂
Does this bike really come in different sizes? With 29" wheels for all sizes or what? Thank you.
The shwinn axum started all of this
Someone at Walmart just got a pay rise 😜
walmart is just a distributor, they dont make any bikes
Ltwoo is famous in the Philippines its like a deore but no clutch and super strong and smooth and a lot here is using lwtoo
Considering how bike-oriented the various Waltons are I'm not terribly surprised to see that they put this bike out under their own brand. Now if only they'd make a small for the those of us who are vertically challenged.   LTwoo are another company formed by refugees from SRAM, just like Sensah. They've just released the first Chinese electronic road groupset, so keep an eye on them from MTB parts.
the kent actuly comes in 2 sizes now also
I mean, it is a product of Bentonville, and we all know how Seth feels about that town
Progress should be about making technology affordable , i like this, maybe price it at 500 and add hydraulic brakes and a hire  a part time mechanic to make sure the bikes are trail ready when bought.
Shimano MT200 and a decent air fork will make a ton of difference on this bike. If it will just be doing XC then it might not even need a clutch, just a chain guide and a narrow wide chainring (if not yet narrow wide).
So many Seth videos in the last couple days. This is awesome
Hate to say it seth but it has the yellow NO MOUNTAIN sticker on the fork
10:20 I sincerely hope walmart spends some time educating their employees. If they knew why this was the better bike, they could recommend it over a shitty bike with rear suspension just because it looks flashy..
LTWOO is a company formed by (if I remember correctly) ex-SRAM engineers. Plus, Trace Velo has a lot of history reviewing their products, and it's a big brand here in the PH for a lot of riders. I would trust that derailleur, but would upgrade it anyway down the line.
My buddy loves building up shit bikes. I call the components instant waste. That bike has a lot of instant waste.
Was my birthday other day I almost baught the one In 27.5 tires, my funds fell so i didnt get it now ur smearing it in my face lol you confirmed what i knew lol i pulled it off got on it ect lol no bottle or racks on my Walmart
I think they’ve finally done it. I’ve owned the 2019 Al Comp, 2020 Al Comp, Ardor and Trouvaille. This checks all the boxes. There’s one at my local Walmart I am so tempted to just go get it after watching this. 😂
Idk, frame wise that tapered headtube makes a world of difference. New Rockhoper or Marlin are still using straight steerers and i cant understand why..
My first "mountain bike" was gifted to me and likely came from Walmart. The bike was called "mountain adventure" or something and had a "not for off road" sticker on it.   I road everyweekend on mountain bike trails with no problems.
sooo….. a good bike for a beginner?
Figured I'd add corrections:  The Trouvaille is available in M and L sizes.  I have owned both.  However, these still not may be Seth sized.  Also, it does now come with routing for a dropper post...on the L size at least.
I still stand for 3x drive trains i can't pedal 100km with 1x getting to the trail itself is hard with 3x i can get there quicker. Also 3x gives me much better range i can have 22-34-42T rather than get stuck with 24 or 26 or 32T. 2x would be nice but it also has compromise and parts are very hard to find.
you should upgrade this bike to the high-end components
The Kent trouvaille is available in multiple sizes I’ve seen them in store in medium and small
I heard this from somewhere but he told that Ltwoo came from an employee who works on Sram.
To be fair no one riding in Bentonville is on a Ozark trail bike 😬 but given all the corporate staff is probably in the bikes I'm sure someone took that project over
The frame and the color remind me a bit of my 2005 Specialized P2 dirt jump bike. I still have it and converted it to be a bit more street. Love that bike!
I low key want this bike just to have a hardtail.
i want to get back into riding after nearly 15 years away from the sport, so these inexpensive Walmart bikes are tempting. Im still leaning towards the Axum, but im going to take a look at the Ozark Trail next time im at Walmart
and now walmart jacked the price up
I'm sorry but, why do you say the people are NOT experienced cyclist? I own 3 bicycles. A Batavus transporting bike, Flyer E-bike and a Gazelle touring bike. I'm a highly experienced cyclist. I ride my bike(s) EVERY day. I upgraded my touring bike. I upgraded the following; 1- Shimano Alivio SGS derailleur on the back. 2- Shimano Altus triple derailleur on the front. 3- I changed the Crankset from 24-34-42 to 28-38-48 (Sunrace). 4- I replaced both shifters from unbranded to Sunrace. 5- I Upgraded from a 7-speed cassette to Sunrace 9-speed (11-32). 6- When changing the cassette and Crankset, I replaced the chain to KMC 9-speed chain. 7- I replaced the brake-pads when needed. 8- I installed a headlight that runs on a dynamo. 9- I ran a cable from the headlight and installed/connected it to the rear light. 10- I replaced the front wheel for a Gazelle branded front wheel with hub dynamo. 11- I replaced the rear rack. 12- I made a connection near the rear axle, so I can connect my bike-trailer to the bike. 13- I replaced the handle-bars and stem. 14- I installed the I-motion phone holder on the handle-bars.  And on my E-bike I; 1- replaced the chain 2- replaced the front-sprocket 3- adjusted the Shimano Nexus 8-speed hub.
The Walton's have been pumping millions into cycling in the US for a really long time. No shocker that they'd put out a real budget MTB
I think what’s happening at Walmart is that everyone who started mountain biking at the beginning of the pandemic is looking for a better bike. Walmart may be realizing is that they’re seeing people being steered away from Walmart because mountain bikers are advising new people to buy from bike shops instead of Walmart
LTwoo is a chinese brand that does pretty decent drivetrains for road and gravel bikes. You can probably replace it with the sunrace rdm900 for a clutch-equipped derailleur for about 35/40 €/$
That frame looks a lot like my Trek Marlin 5
Been waiting for this! Owned this when it was first released ! My only down fall was the chain getting to much slack and getting stuck behind the crank sprocket
Thanks for dropping in a Canadian Tire shout out 🇨🇦
okay. lets talk gear systems.  i have had 9s Alivio and they suck.  i have replaced 4 bikes now with the LTwoo system and we ride hard trails. it is very good. i would say this system is on par with the base model Deore system with one difference.  The gear lever is better. it is more like the sram and offers that direct sram feel, but wait for it. the deraileur is more like shimano and is much smoother than sram to shift on the shimano or shimano compatible hyperglide system.  i have 2x 9 speed and 2x 12 speed and upgraded my brothers ebike with one in 12s from its 9s Alivio.  he loves it.  we do about 200km plus a week and 7 months in, they are great.
In Norway, sometimes you can find promotions for quite nice bikes sub 500 USD. My friend bought recently decent MTB with basic RockShox air fork / Shimano Deore drivetrain and shimano basic hydraulic brakes. I believe it was White brand.
Kevcentral reviewed this bike a few months ago. It's cool to see that Walmart made changes since then
Even many high end bikes including in carbon are made in the same factories in SEA as cheapo bikes. They have the skills and technology. They build to the quality and price point that's asked of them.
Was binging your videos this pass week trying to get a budget bike for my birthday. Thanks so much for dropping this video now. Going to pick it up next week 💯
I was just looking at these last night! For $400 beans that's pretty good.
hey seth are you ever going back to clasic berm peak building trails???
Let's go what an epic base. Super Ozark incoming!!
You could put a camera mount on those two M5 holes where the kickstand would have went!
🥺👉👈
Reminds me of when i bought my Kona Stuff from Halfords! Decent platform for upgrades
I randomly looked at the bikes at Walmart last week and was SHOCKED to see a full carbon frame hardtail mtn bike for sale!! If memory serves me right it was right around $500. *It's a Hyper brand 29er, XL frame, 1x9 drivetrain, $498*
This could have been the Ozark FAIL but it turned out to be a good Ozark sale.
My guess would that the kent tru-trail was a test bike that's why it was only available in large presumably the most popular size for that sort of bike, and now they've seen it was successful and taken onboard feed back from reviewers like your self and customers and come out with the ozark more fully
Fox Pad!
The Waltons really care about mountain biking, they donate lots of money to build bike trails I'm glad they are offering bikes now that will get people out there!!
I'm happy to see at least one industry where they actively move towards supporting the lower end of the market instead of trying to keep pulling everyone into the higher price brackets!  I just hope they won't in the future suddenly decide they are 'part of the establishment' at that time and thus they should jack those prices up to reflect that.
That's a Silverback stride frame
Very interesting. Thank you for sharing this with us.
i saw a very similar bike at my local Makro store (south african market chain owned by walmart) but instead of ozark its raliegh , they have a gravel bike with a terrible groupset  too
would be awesome RIGID.
you couldve also just left two m5 holes on the trouvaille, i think someone wronged you that day
Loved the video 👌🏻✅
So the last potencial break point is alloy of the frame. I don't nessesery mean this bike have bad one, this is just thing we will see in a long run. I am 100% pro cheap bikes, but also have good amount of experience with broken frames of retail store's bike. I hope this isn't case here, because cheap, reliable and easy to acces bike can attract more people to biking.
the ltwoo brand is pretty mid but ok for beginners that doesnt want to spend much on their bike but still works
30 seconds into this and this is the most professional shot bike review already, that b roll was sweet!
Hey Walmart also made a carbon bike just like that one
I was at a Walmart a week or two ago and they had Kent Trouvailles in Medium and Large. Just and interesting thing I saw. Didn't see any Ozarks, though.
Best part of the video: Steh's smile right at the end of the video! This is mountain biking. Even having access to fantastic, top of the line gear. But ride a good entry level bike and that smirk comes out in the end, and there's nothing one can do about it! Loved the video Seth! Cheers!
I picked up a 2018 KHS 6:50 200 for two and a quarter it had very few scratches and a comfort seat on it it was owned by an older gentleman and didn't appear like it had been on a trail it features the suntour cxt which is good for the purpose that I'm going to use it paved bumpy trails it's called the Soo line trail I ride to lsle which is 11 miles away and back I am totally amazed at some of the savings you can get on some of these used bikes I do want one Walmart that I use for a😊 on my everyday bike I'm replacing the front brake today I'm just waiting for the paint to dry on the parts
Hasta sabado!
Kent also now sales 2 sizes
Just broke my collarbone and wrist and this made my day thank you Seth
Walmart  has a few "real mountain bikes" now. And have for a few years. My bike has no sticker and came from walmart.  Schwinn axum is better than the trouville.
Upgrade to the PrOzark!
Another great video from seth! JB is riding so good right now!
i'd ride it. looks like an OEM copy of a TREK Marlin-Xcaliber XC style. would want a 2x9
The canyon grand cayon is only $499 now and is a much better deal
seth's new bike sponsor: Walmart
Since we have all seen the investment Walmart has made in MTB trails in Bentonville,  AR, it's nice to see them put more effort into a usable bicycle design for beginners.
Video idea : OZARK - How good can it get ?  Basically all the uopgrades you can fit on this bike that make sense and actually improve it, then sum it up and compare to a NameBrand bike for similar price...
This is good for the industry.
One serious BAD THING about bikes like this is trying to convince someone to buy a better bike after they see a video like this. The "I can buy a bike at Walmart so why would I need to spend more, what do I get for more money".  Trying to explain why a GOOD fork and a good drive train are important is difficult.
Kev Central's channel does a TON on super budget bikes. Even if you ride an $8K carbon frame; he's a great watch.  He has been having a LOT of problems lately with bent derailleur hangers on arrival as well.
I’d love to see this vs a $400 used bike for comparison.   I personally for my last 2 bikes have gone with used and got something that was maybe 5/6 years old but at 75% off. I wonder if the headaches you deal with thought with a older used bike are worth it
This is so rad! Love when big ass companies seem to listen to the consumer. Must be some peeps at Wally World that are in the know. 🤙🏻
l200 is a Chinese brand I have seen some pretty good reviews for some of their stuff
Communist grey paint
LTWOO is a groupset maker out of China, honestly a smart move from them
great comments all helpful!! thanks...and any brand/model affordable upgrades that you tried would be great as well
It's always a better day when Seth posts
What trail was Seth riding.
7:00 Apparently Seth doesn't watch Cade ;-)
For $400 that thing is barely above tackling gravel trails only. Start putting any sort of money into it and you could buy an actual "REAL Mountain Bike." Buy this to see if you like mountain biking, then get rid of it and get a real bike.
Or for $100 more you can Deore 12s and Shimano Hydraulic disk brakes for the (Canyon) Grand Canyon currently on sale for $499
I think I’d still rather just go used for money savings but I’ll admit that really doesn’t look bad. Best thing from a box store in about ever for sure.
Soooo.... When are you gonna throw AXS on it?
Ozark Trails makes the best bikepacking spork so it’s only fitting 😉
You could definitely compare with to Kona entry level bikes of very close price range.
The kent now comes in large and medium
When will Seth get back to the bike parks and building his own trails again    I miss you building cool stuff then regretting having to test it 😅
with all the rain planning to come this week, do we think june 24th is still gonna happen? I want to make it up with a buddy of mine whos new to biking
I kind of want a bike called the Tuffy Aneurysm just for giggles
I got a Schwin Axum last year and it’s been great. Upgraded handlebars, grips, added a dropper post and new seat. Just waiting for a new job to get a good trail bike but for now it’s been great. I’ve been able to get into the sport and get better without dropping a ton of money, yet😂
Can’t wait for the upgrade video
Looks like a knock-off of my Specialized Rockhopper. Same colors/matt paint also
Seth mentioned Canadian Tire!
Can't underestimate your influence Seth!  You'll get a Walmart contract before long... 😆
At least it's a budget friendly bike. One that can be upgraded for the future. Its price point is cheap enough to just start riding it until you feel upgrades are necessary. Unlike the Poseidon Norton that has cable actuated hydraulic brakes, a coil sprung fork all for the low low price of $1300 (well since I looked it up they have dropped the price by $300). So now a $1000 bike. It does have internal cable routing for the rear derailleur and a tapered head tube, with 130 mm travel fork but at the original price of $1300 a suntour air sprung fork would have been better along with full hydraulic brakes. I could get the Shimano MT-200 for $60, I am sure they could get it for a cheaper price since they would be buying in bulk. They do have the Microshift AdventX 10 speed, so it is a clutched derailleur. It only comes with 27.5 wheels. And they say if on their website that it is a beginner attractive package and price. I believe the Ozark Trail is the beginner attractive package and price.
it has l twoo? thats kind of huge they are a new chinese groupset brand and the make road groupsetts so for walmart to spec a chinese brand very interesting
Although I appreciate the sentiment, I worry giving away such a cheap Walmart bike is going to come off as insulting. Like anyone who wins this will already have a better bike
Walmart Canada selling Truvails for 1100$ CAD 😅😅😅
It's good that there's a decent supermarket bike out there. But I think it's unacceptable that it comes poorly assembled. It might not matter to you or to me but it can be downright dangerous to the first time buyer, and those people are more likely to be looking at cheap bikes anyway.
9:03 Can someone explain me, a non-american, why two of three cars have dents on the right side of the rearend?
would love to see seth review a few bikes from decathlon
Seth, Lt-woo exists around the world and is pretty recognized, the point is, that derailleur is a basic one model, like you said alivio on shimano
Should look into the carbon bike Walmart is selling now. Think the price is almost double, but would be interesting to see your thoughts
Hey l-twoo is basically copy of Sram. The company was started by a co leader of Srams chinese department. I upgraded my friends bike to 10 speed with l-twoo a7 and its descent for the money, like tge cable adjusting knob on shifter was stuck and it broke and the shift cable doesnt hold on its place on the derailleur without good tightening. Otherwise good for like what 60 bucks for shifter, cable and derailleur🤷 i enjoyed this video like all the others and thanks for amazing content.
Your not seriously gona get one are you ? Save up and buy a proper mountain bike
I do like Ozark products. I would consider giving that a try
man i wish i could get the kent truveille bu tim in colombia : S, i watched the whole series
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!!!!!
In the uk we don’t have department store bikes but the closest thing to it is Carrera they are like this bike built cheap but there alright
I got a Mongoose Durham and I’ve taken it on some pretty good trails. Needs better brakes and tubeless tires but it’s done great so far. I looked at this OT bike too
My biggest gripe with department store bikes has always been that they are built to throw away. It is nice to see people are finally getting bikes that industry standard parts can be bolted to as things break or as skills progress.
Truly awesome video as always Seth 👍 its nice to see that big retailers could produce a decent upgradable steed if they wanted to!
sad part they refuse to sell that up here in Canada walmart only sells fake bikes that break up here forcing you to always buy a new one.  I really wanted this but they refuse to bring it here.
Huffy aneurysm made me laugh so much it’s embarrassing
Be cool if wallymart canada carry these
A simple Amazon chainguide would help if you dont want to replace derailleur.
If Walmart money is going towards places like Bentonville, it stands to reason that they'd come up with something like this bike, to test the (future?) waters so to speak..
Thank you for you review of the Ozark Trail. My only question is the clearance between the rear tire and the seat tube. How much bigger of a tire can I fit on this bike?
reminds me of my REI co-op drt 1.1hardtail from a few years ago , came with a 3x drivetrain and a coil xct fork and hydraulic tektro brakes all for under 500$ . was a great bike that was able to upgrade to a 1x and even a dropper and new air fork from Suntour and still kept the cost below 1000$ all in .
I don't know if they have Decathlon in the US, but here in Europe I got a RockRider ST530 from Decathlon for €370. With a microshift drivechain with a clutch! Amazingly the older versions of the same model came with hydrolic brakes aswell but the newer ones are mechanical, probably to save money. Overall an amazing bike!
Hope it’s a small 6k with 2h accu.
Extremely useful review!
🤔...Seth, you applied pressure to those department stores. & Look what happened.I didn't see but, did this bike have QR on front and the rear ? Im guessing , yes ? Great job !!!
Wish this was out before i got my mongoose durham.. The ozark looks nicer probably rides better and dosent sound like its going to break when you ride it. My mongoose is aluminum and creeks all the time found any cracks on the frame but it sure sounds like theres one.. Thanks for your video there very informative and I've learned a lot about bicycles.
Expect to see more L-TWOO in the near future btw
i really hope walmart actually hires bike mechanics to install some of the bikes
Seth you forgot to say we're gonna be doing something a little bit different but kind of the same
Its a store selection process you cant find those Ozark Trail bikes in places like NY city they are targeted for areas like where you are and where I am in Bentonville Ar home of Wal-Mart and trails galore here.
😂400$ real cheap
400$ in the phillipines will get you a good air fork prob 11-12s deore groupset and hydraulics
Please colab with Evans mtb saga. Please like this comment so what seth can see it and maby colab. Thanks to you maby they will colab.
Walmart Mountain bikes “not for off road use”😂
Can't wait for the bike upgrade vid
If you want it you better get it before they raise the price
Nice youtubes sir
It looks huge!
Would love to see what this bike can look like if you do what it's made for - upgrade it! :)
I recognize the shooting location, I was there a few days ago
Walmart sells HyperTough brand tailgate pads now... Be sure to carry this bike to the trail on one.
I ride ebikes now im old n war time injuries😢
Basically a more expensive bad rockrider, the st530 its cheaper and better tbh it is the best new hardtail for less than 500$
Walmart pays to develop mountain bikes but can’t pay a store associate enough to build it properly
unpopular opinion: Bottle cages on bikes are unnecessary. Find a backpack with a water bladder that fits you well and you wont even notice it. i would remove the bottle cage if it had one
Would love to see a review or comparison with the Schwinn Axum from Walmart as well!
I would upgrade that bike for 350 dollars
Glad cheaper bikes can get more people into MTB. I'd love to see more people on the trails no matter what acoustic bike they ride.
😎
I got my dad a Ozark trail bike for his birthday so he could ride with me and I wish I would have got this one specifically, the one I got for him was obviously made a lot cheaper and didn’t have much thought behind it. Wish I would have seen this one.
You should definitely look into the other Sr suntour fork They make some high end stuff apparently
L-twoo is a Chinese bike part brand that roadies have been messing around with. Funny to see them show up in MTB.
I saw this hard tail at Walmart and was so curious about it! Haha!
Stoked to go to the Bash this upcoming weekend! It’ll be my first visit to Berm Park.
Oh my, a literal Wal-mart brand bike. How scandalous!
Looks decent. Doubt it will last over a month on real trails. Just blue trails at that. How heavy is it? Probably at least 38lbs. I can only imagine how loud it is.
“L-two is a Chinese brand that make drive trains for MTB and Road bikes. From some reviews that a saw the look not bad at all
LTwoo is a brand in china mostly for mtb
decent budget option, we need more of them because some of these new bike prices are crazy!
10:08 Canadian Tire name drop woot!
It does kinda make sense that Walmart would be taking some things from Bentonville
Damn it and I got the Kent trouvaille instead
ngl id buy the huffy aneurism if it existed
you should upgrade this bike with a emotor :D cheap ebike :D
I bet they are doing this to build the ozark trail brand. The ozark trail fishing gear is decent too
Soon at your nearest out of stock walmart.
Walmart mostly doesn’t sell mountain bikes but just: somewhat of road capable bikes 😅
Would love to see a 400$ bike review from an actual bike brand that is available world wide :D Great vid!
How does the geometry between the two bikes compare?
Bro Seth’s intro beat sounded like it needed a Pop Smoke verse. That sh*t went hard😂
5:59 Ahh yes, the classic "Huffy Aneurysm", who could forget🤣
Woah 2 x 20 second ads together Youtube really hates me!😂
I was wondering about this bike the other day and was wondering if you'd do a video on this and you did! Thank you!!!
noooo Seth! don't give the industry compliments for using presta! stan no tubes has a sherader tubeless valve (please feature it when you can!). presta valves are for roadies that don't use sealant and can get a bus if the flimsy valve breaks!
I remember when I was a kid and decided that a the more suspension and the more gears, the better the bike 😅
It feels weird to be this early to video
Great vid! Any place we can go to see MTB events in the country like bentonville bike fest, etc…?
I think a rockshox just fork would work awesome on this bike!
Amazng video Seth, I'll go to Walmart and go check it out, maybe get a bike in the fall when the prices seem to be discounted; are there any bikes out there with the upgrades like hydraulic disc brakes, nice derailleurs and a thru-axle already present that are great value for money at the same time?
That rainy weekend is going to be the 24th. I had a trip for out your way, but had to move it based on the HUGE storm moving across the belt.
The trouvaille debuted as a medium and a large was added later. Sadly no small for seth
I love your videos!❤👍👍🔥🤟🔥🤟
This bike has some serious upgrade potential.
....but the design doesn't excite :(
Once I got a Pacific bike from someone and I put a real bottom bracket in it and rode it around for a year.  Had no shocks so I just rode it around the city
You need to revives tge dimond back line
Kent actually makes the frame for ozark, so the same price makes sense
Paneer is a cheese. rack mounted bags are panniers. "PAN-yers."
Man goes to Bentonville, Walmart Headquarters, and a week later pitching a commercial for an Ozark Trail.    Stack that 💰, Seth. 😂
isnt it the same as  the previous walmart bike you reviewed
this is really cool
I want to see you take that to bentonville and compare it to a Walmart bike there and then ride it and see if it’s a “real bike” 😂
What happened to him building trails
who wants to bet that Seth actually influenced Walmart to produce more capable Mountain bikes
nice
Great interview on GMBN. Did a great job. Thanks for your work Seth!
You should review a mini rocker bmx
What is your opinion on the Schwinn Bonafide Mountain Bike
2 mins and 55 likes xD love u Seth!
Is the term "Walmart Bike" a compliment now? :O
its almost like they watch this channel...
Yo seth how are you❤
Please do a budget bike challenge with second-hand bikes and Aliexpress parts
Hi Seth
love the vids
first
FIIIRISIT !!! ?
First, I clicked on the vid at no views posted 59 seconds ago
yooo
great videos, fun to watch
Im the 1 wtf
Very nice
