https://go.nebula.tv/notjustbikes for ad-free, sponsor-free content from over 150 educational creators
ugh this is cringe. youtube would not let me change the thank-you comment before posting. So I'll make do with this edit. I did not expect a labor union argument in the middle of this video. And I'm glad you point out such flaws, and not just focus on transit and transport. You really should expand more on what counts as Not Just Bikes. Our capitalistic system is the cause for many of the urban problems we face today. It is important to pay attention to the cause, and not just the symptoms.
I'm in 6 minutes at the grocery story in 10 minutes in out so shopping & getting home will cost at max half a hour
Awww yess that Terry Barentsen callout was gooood! His videos are mesmerizing
Why within minutes? Who cares? I order my groceries at a regular supermarket. Usually you have to place the order a day or two in advance, but that's perfectly fine for me. I just don't see why anyone would need groceries delivered within 10 minutes. Maybe if you're cooking and are out of one ingredient, but that seems like a really niche use case...
Hopefully it is already fake, but perhaps make the address at 11:50 illegible? Even if it is a fake address, I wouldn't want anyone to be doxed. Great opinion piece as always. My only annoyance in a small dutch city is being rushed & passed by delivery bikers. Also apparently a lot of the drivers are non-Schengen illegal immigrants trying to get by without having to register at the municipality.
I’m Danish I bike to and from Uni it’s not hard to just quickly pop in for whatever you are gonna eat that day or the next 2-3 days when the grocery store is on the way home anyway. A service where you can order a crate of beer is extremely cool, tho does it also work at 2 in the morning?
This video quickly transitioned from grocery delivery to issues with Gig economy companies and I'm here for it! It'd be curious to see the size of legal staff vs engineering staff at companies like Uber. As you stated most of their cost reduction seems to come from abusing workers vs actually innovative technology. I'm sure that would through in the staffing numbers.
10 minute delivery but to the wrong door because they can't do proper house numbering in my street :)
A lot of seething lolbertarians in the comments for this one.
These services create so many negative externalities, and contribute nothing to society other than making people lazier and more entitled. We're essentially destroying whole swathes of the retail economy, putting hundreds of thousands of people out of work, clogging up streets and making the commons worse for everyone, all so some fucking lazy hipsters can get their convenience items marginally faster, while making a bunch of billionaires even richer. As a lifelong urbanite, all I can say is I got better food quality, fresher food delivered for cheaper from actual "Delivery" restaurants before Uber Eats and Doordash showed up. Now it's twice as expensive (Pre-inflation) for the same food, and it arrives to my house an hour late and a soggy mess all while the guy who delivers it makes less than the delivery guy from the old school "Delivery" restaurants. Not sure how this is really better for anyone other than the billionaires who created this whole mess.
As you said, in most cities those delivery services should (mostly) not be necessary. Speaking for myself (southern Germany), we have a plethora of discounters, grocery stores and a whole shopping center with 50+ stores of all types within a radius that can be travelled within 10-15min by bike or ~20 min by public transport. Getting processed/cooked food like pizza delivered, sure, but your daily groceries?  And about the "dark store" issue: AFAIK that's also a thorn in the eye of politicians around here, just not sure if they already did anything against it. But I guess you'd have to differ depending on what kind of spot they take for their fulfilment centers. If it's some tiny commercial spot in a residential area that swaps the store that currently rents it way too often because it's just not profitable enough a dark store might be OK, but if an actual store isn't frequented a lot delivery would most likely be used even less...
I'm going to be honest, I don't mind long delivery times for groceries, as long as they keep the cold food cold.
I despise these stores. Their delivery drivers are a menace on the street, their bikes block entire sidewalks and I hate that there are people so goddamn lazy to not walk to the grocery store for 10 minutes to pick up your own stuff. The dark stores ruin city centers and also, you are being bombarded with ads for these garbage stores. I can not count how many times I have been told by a poster, video or billboard that I get 20 euros of my first order. Also school kids in Holland use them to order red bull and junk food at recess to be delivered at the school because most schools have banned junk food and energy drinks. Stop this nonsense already.
Do you speak Dutch?
dominoes is good!
Is there anyone who can identify the bike at around 3:53? https://youtu.be/VpavEMVQpW8?t=233   I'm searching for a bike with fenders and drop bars, this one looks lovely!
Employee exploitation is debatable because it's subjective based on cultural norms. What one would consider exploitation in the realm of services such as Uber, getir and Deliveroo would be defined far different than those working in a majority of mainland Chinese factories. Delivery service employees can choose the job and have the freedom to leave it at any time if they don't feel it meets their needs. A better option for them may or may not exist and that's ok. The state of the world we live in has never been fair. Let the open market function free from the majority of red tape (notice that some red tape should exist for safety reasons) and well-run businesses will prosper and grow. The poorly-run businesses will suffer a loss of employees and customers until they are forced to close their doors. Let the open market function on its own and it will find an equilibrium.
I used to order stuff from an app, it didn't work like the ones you used, the drivers boughed it from a store of my choice, and then when he came i paid the order, the fuel and a service fee, the entire order took 15 minutes in total. i see a lot of use in this kind of services, when i was a minor my parents didn't let me out of the house under any circumstance so it was my only way to buy things on my own.
Here in northern Finland (at least, fuck if I know the rest of the country), we kinda have a hybrid... solution? Not really one, but let's call it an embryo of an idea. The fast-ish grocery deliver services are actually just regular app delivery services that in here originally only delivered restarurant food. There is no separate store pretending it is only a service - you have the average grocery stores you can walk in if you want to having their actual employees pack your order (in a way similar to how a restaurant crew would prepare your order), and when it is ready the courrier picks it up and deliver like they'd restaurant food, but it is grocceries now. These stores often have their own delivery service too (though far more limited in some aspects, and they don't do weekends even in advance). Now, if only we could get delivery people to team up with some IT people, hopefully among both group yyou also have some marketing and business savy people (though they could also team up with some experts in those fields, but there is a catch), form a coop (the catch, if there is white colar only workers, they're just equal to everyone else, they're just specialized in another task) and also make a template app that other groups could use to do the same in their own area, that would be great. Maybe even make it so it is atually B2B instead of charging the costumer per transaction, charge the stores/restaurants a tiered fee so that the coop can offer then the service of delivery and doing the interface with the client via app, now that could be something too.
as someone in the netherlands who's using these services, yeah 15-minute delivery is pretty much increasingly infeasible and honestly not really appealing, as queues are frequently already full so the total wait time is usually an hour. IMO its already a huge boon to have same-day delivery so one doesn't have to leave the house. (sidenote: while planning-delivery groceries like Picnic is useful, it requires some planning ahead and the available slots might not always work out in your favour.)
The flash delivery are indeed not so good. But delivery like picknick is great. Less traffic, no big shop required, less labour demanded. Is really good sustainable for envoiroment.
Watching this as an American is so crazy, people being able to strike, regulators actually protecting workers.
Here in NYC you have to watch out for cars and e bike riders. They are so freaking careless. NYC had a ban on ebikes at some point  I think. We should def not ban ebikes but maybe consider ban non pedal assist? Also ebikes realllly shouldn’t go past 20MPH I mean really…
I feel like services like this are a profitable way to make things more accessible. It's not profitable to just serve people with disabilities, so they serve everyone, which does make the obesity and laziness problem somewhat worse for the general public but makes it significantly better for people with disabilities
My mother is disabled so having groceries delivered is very convenient
I have such a love/hate relationship with this channel, love because he talks about problems in the modern world that most don't. And hate because this channel is the reason I now get road rage anytime I have to go anywhere in the north america. Not just bikes the reason I now need to move countries because my hate for america is unending now, so thanks. But also fuck you for ruining my home country for me or rather making me realize how shit it is here...
I think the internet really fucked up people's perception of how long things take. That not everything can happen instantly. I also feel like the internet fucked up people's perception of cost. I'm used to getting all of the world's knowledge for free and instantly thanks to this world wide web. So now real people are expected to live up to strings of code traveling at the speed of light. That's just not possible.
the Terry B shout out! haha
jobs to hide migrants behind
The next level is getting spoon-fed by someone else because you're too lazy to do it yourself.
I live on a mountain so to get to a normal grocery store is usually about 20 minutes of driving and in my old car about 5 dollars~ of gas. Instead we have a general store that i refer to as the corner store. They sell some basic groceries like bread and milk, lunch meats etc... But they also offer pizza that they make in a little pizza oven, a tad expensive but also pretty good
Man Nebula is starting to sound better and better...I might have to look into that soon. Though don't even ask me about my time management skills with all these hobbies I have now!!!  Also, we're experiencing something similar to this in The States with the recent wave of legalisations of marijuana at the state level. My town of Northampton in MASS has a population of about 29,000. And we have about 23 dispensaries. All selling marijuana at completely different price points. It's absurd. It's feeling like every street in downtown has a dispensary on it, and some with more than one. DANG HONEY!!! It might be an interesting idea for a video topic.
I didn't even realize these companies existed
I live in a small town in southern Germany and flink has been great here because their headquarters don't take up too much space and they manage to get all over town with electric bicycles in a matter of minutes too. In Bavaria, grocery stores close at 8pm, Flink stops delivering at 11pm, which is great.  The speed aspect helped me when I was in the middle of cooking and lacked a few major ingredients, I ordered them through Flink and I got them just in time.  I see the points made about Flink but apart from service hours, to me as a student, they Lost their competitive advantage since a few weeks, eversince deliveries under 10€'s cost 2,99€. 8/10 times I need groceries, I walk 10 minutes to the store, but sometimes, the convenience is worth the additional cost
This is a good channel. This is a good video.
Have a dark-store from Flink near my apartment, but the Dark-Store was a former convenience store and they park their bicycles in the backyard, not sure about the local residents living in the same block there.  Havent used them so far.
12€/hr became mandatory minimal pay per hour in Germany just a few months later. Big brain move Gorilla.
These service are definitely overestimated not to talk about the working conditions.
Great video. I was anxious if you were gonna discuss worker exploitation, and thank goodness you did. I've followed some courses about the gig-economy in university, and the lengths these companies will go too to exploit their workers and increase their profits is ridiculous. I'm happy the judges are shutting this down. I have no problem with any of the companies in the gig-economy, as longs as they actually treat their employers well and stick by the rules. If they don't, kick 'em out is what I'd say!
8:52 "Second Thought", welcome to the reds, comrade.
So, I was really sick for several months and couldn't grocery shop, and grocery delivery services saved my life (I didn't have any friends or family in my area to help). It's not always lazy, but on the occasion I use them now it is laziness. It's crazy they do it that fast, nobody is such a hurry and that's dangerous.
my neighbor orders from Gorilla all the time...  their small delivery center is right next to the closest supermarket.. about 400m away, where i shop all the time he also complains all the time about being short on money, still he Pays for delivery of groceries.. cant wrap my heard around this
There was just an article a day or two ago in The Atlantic talking about some of the financial aspects of these grocery delivery operations, and concluded they are basically all non-viable without the VC money. Worth checking out.
There’s a Gorillas right next to my work place, I walk in front of it every work day on my commute
Where I live there's deliveroo and Deeping on where you live it can be decent or absolutely terrible for me it took them 2 hours to get my order and deliver it from a takeaway just 20 minutes walk away then there's the amount of drivers /riders in joints like Mcdonalds it's a mess
I also think those delivery services can have a place! In Germany, a lot of normal grocery stores offer online ordering and delivery but it takes several days. They do them in bunches, not single deliveries like Flink. I ordered a few times from Flink, especially when I was sick and couldn't go grocery shopping myself. But do I need them in 10 minutes or less? No, absolutely not, I felt bad about it, bc I suspected that they need to exploit their workers and laws to be able to do that. I can do to get it within a few hours and wouldn't mind the higher costs too.
Here there are no services that are the same as what you describe, but on food delivery apps convenience stores and some grocery stores also list their products, and many big grocery store chains also have their own deliveries. The grocery delivery is sameday, and is just shipped from a normal grocery store. The main type of vehicle used for this is a motorbike. However, the big food delivery apps often have 30% fees, so delivery can cost more than simply purchasing it at the restaurant, despite not paying workers as much. This has cost restaurants as they get less customers with the high fees while COVID was already weakening their income. However, new apps are emerging with lower fees, and are winning market share fast. (I am in Thailand)
I’m one of the disabled folks you mentioned who benefits from grocery delivery. But I definitely don’t need it that fast! The same-day services I use are plenty fast enough.
I have never used one of these services. It takes me less than 2 minutes to the next grocery store and I get around the heavy lifting by using a shopping trolley, here in Germany also lovingly called  Hackenporsche (ankle Porsche). There is this stereotype of predominantly older women using them, which is probably true and describes me (female with gray hair), but luckily I don't give a damn. I am environmentally friendly, don't have aches in my arms, and don't pay a middle man.
11:53 A perfectly reasonable amount of time
Thanks for bringing up the problems with using a money system without actually blaming the money system itself.   WE NEED A RESOURCE BASED ECONOMY. I get REAL tire of telling people. You love money? You love death and destruction too. I've seen what money has done to this world and the Barons of the 19th century never went away, they were always here causing problems for the poor. You can't have greedy, selfish industrialists without creating huge sums of poor people who work themselves to death.   When are you people going to finally wake up and stop wasting the energy of those trying for positive change in this world???
We are visiting Amsterdam next year I found a short walk from our hotel: a grocery, a wine store and a bakery. For an American that novelty is worth it’s own must-do in our trip
I don't really see the point of these, I do occasionally use picnic when I haven't had to on-site for work in a few days, but usually when I come home from work I just buy a few things on and it will be enough to last me a few days, and yes picnic can only be ordered 1-3 days in advance depending on how busy it is, but you can order a order so big it can last you several weeks.
Terry B in not just bikes 😎 cooper ray is a beast
We have had 10 minute delivery for groceries in India for decades. They are called kids in the family. We give them money and the shopping list and send them to the nearest grocery store. Helps teach them responsibility. Currently I live across a grocery store. If i    need something quickly I just stand on my porch and yell out my order. They will leave my order on porch and send my bill through Google pay.
when i only have 3 hours before i have to sleep after work with no vehicle etc... if i can get groceries in like 10 minutes, that would be killer. cause it takes sometimes over 2h just to get a 30 pack of beer (355ml) or 12 pack of 473ml. hell even walmart in cad would be the same. 2 hour basically deliv. 10 minutes to get beer some food, get ready for bed, stop staying up past when i should be going to bed, cause also. i cant even order from a beer store as example till 10 am as a night shift person and i then could be waiting over 2h. 11am is when i should be asleep... but if i could do all this that fast, watch my yt crap, pass out, be fed, go to sleep earlier than maybe past 12.. its so marginal i have gotten my order before like 1h. i literally live a 20 minute walk  (almost to a grocery store i could buy beer from. though i cant do that with a beers store. they are easily double the time to get to let alone return from) and i walk hellla fast compared to others.. 10 minutes would be worth my purchase on the day i get paid so i can my beer, friday, sat im off. i work sunday to thursday 40h. i buy beer to much even on days i shouldnt.. but if i was smarter as someone who doesnt want to pay for a vehicle when my job is right there, my hous is close, heated etc. i dont want a vehicle.. 10 minutes... sounds god damn insane.... i have 3h at most........ and when ic an order what i want, and get it. 99% of the time its almost well past my bed time.
I use Flink too often because I forget an ingredient while I'm cooking, and I end up ordering way more to fill the minimum order. Also, It has been handy to get food when it gets dark and cold; where I used to live near Sloterdijk, there's barely any supermarket or food store - nothing within 15mis of walking, Flink was a saviour.
I used to work for gorillas in Germany. They straight-up broke labour and workplace laws constantly. But of course, the decision-makers were cycled out often enough that there was never anyone directly responsible. it was very frustrating to work there
Woah. Is this your first 60 fps video? Everything is so smooooth now 😮
Wolt, a startup which was bought by doordash some time ago, has become really expensive. Even if the average delivery price itself is only up maybe 50%, the cost of food in the app versus in the restaurant is huge. For example a sushi set at lunch time is 12,90€ in the restaurant, but 17,90€ + delivery 7,90€(2km delivery) in the app, crazy. Next to some reasonable delivery prices it has a W+ logo which I assume means you get that price if you have subbed for their 9,99€ subscription, so then for non-subscribers it is even more expensive. 26€ for 13€ lunch sushi is way too much for me lol.
Maybe I'm really old fashioned but I like going to the store and buying things myself! 😁
Moscow has this service too but I think it's more under 1 hour.  I think it's from Yandex. There's no service like this in NYC to my knowledge.
Watched this video on Nebula early on Nebula this is old news
That change about delivery riders now being employees under the law was also passed in Australia following a rider being killed when making a delivery.  My question would be:  who pays for the stolen bicycles?  When I ride to the shops the slowest parts are getting out the bike, dressing for the ride, locking it at the shops... and reversing the process.  I cannot imagine these delivery riders taking the time to lock their bikes in that high-pressure business model. I am lucky because ~60% of the trip to the shops is on a shared walking/bicycling pathway.  The roads I do have to ride have very little traffic.  If I happen to be riding home at the time school ends, my trip is far faster than doing that same trip by car.
I'm sorry, "gopuff"?? 😄
i got unsubscribed somehow, something fishy going on...
What astounds me is that Plymouth, UK a city rebuilt after destruction in World War Two and built by North American planners around the car and Stroad type highways and hilly has embraced the Deliveroo, Getir, Just Eat grocery delivery service. Especially given the absence of cycle lanes and the heavy traffic.  When I used them to get bread and milk from the Co.Op (local cooperative society store) I was impressed the within 20 minutes was within 10. The female rider was on a bike and I felt guilty she'd cycled up the steep hill to my parish.  Unlike many European cities we don't have many neighbourhood or 'village' centres - as Plymouth likes to call residential areas built out in the old parishes. People tend to shop in superstores but these grocery delivery services are really gaining in use.
Flash delivery is supposed to appeal to the "NOW" generation. 10 second app videos. Short attention spans. I want it NOW NOW NOW! 😆
Yes they can, they can be delivered faster than I can make myself not look like a gremlin
Blinkit and Zepto
I'm sure clogging the paths with bicycle delivery people is just a temporary problem. They'll soon be out of jobs and we'll be using conveyor belts, delivery tubes, and drones to deliver even faster. 😆
i would be fine with these services if they cost what they should so that people got paid properly and customers used them only when they really needed to. the way it is now feels gross.
Dark stores may be functional but they're really not good maintaining the human-friendliness of an area of town.
(Off topic) Philadelphia, here in the USA, is finally committed to providing bike lanes throughout the city. But we're about 20 years too late because the technology is changing from bicycles  to new high speed alternatives. So I'm wondering;. In Europe where do motorized skate boards, motorised razor scooters, motorizd shoes, motorized bicylcles. and Vespas belong? On the sidewalk, bike lane or road.
In Kitsap county, Washington, we have a local service that compiles all the small local farms (and some of the further away specialty farms like our legendary apples and pears from yakima) into a single website that you place an order on Saturday/Sunday, and on Wednesday you can pick it up at a local place on our beautiful waterfront from a sweet friendly lady with a tent set up.  And my town is decidedly low income. We ain't bougey.  Its so fantastic to be able to actually look forward to getting your groceries. I dont understand abjectly obsessing over convenience.
i think it will be some place for one or two of those delivery services, not sure if they will can keep this 10 Min, who ever need this too... Sure the Worker Rights and the Black Storage will cut them down... but i think it will be like subway or uber, worker there get poorer than the company, which get richer... would be nice to see the information of how much a driver get paid for what on the Bags or something like this, analogue too cigarettes packs... so everyone could decide, do i need my chips and shampoo in 10 min?
I'm old enough to remember when grocery shops and butchers had delivery boys with special bikes with big baskets. The deliveries were always after 4pm, that was when the boys finished school and could start work.
The only reason I can see to use something like this is if I really want a chocolate bar right now, but I don't have one. On the other hand, I could also just go to the grocery store myself and be back in max 15 minutes...  Brb, I want some chocolate
Damn I got my groceries delivered so quickly that the yoghurt is still milk
Does anyone deliver medicines and things so efficiently? I was just thinking for elderly, disabled, or housebound people. I know that there are a lot of people who would benefit from a service like that.
I have mostly bought groceries to make dinner. If I could get delivery before 6, or within an hour or two when I order after 3 pm, for instance, that would be ideal. I don’t need it within 15 minutes. I live about three quarters of a mile from my closest grocery store and I live in a very populated area, so I have to say I find the fact that we can’t have small grocery stores with *some* fresh produce infuriating. When I was in Copenhagen there were three grocery stores within easy walking distance, so not having that here is frustrating.
Damn, this is my favorite episode yet!   I was not expecting the wisdom about venture capital - that it's 'dumb money' and distorts the market.  Nor did I anticipate the jokes about labor laws - that were brilliantly set up, and had hilarious delivery 😂👍🏼
Followed by TrashFuture podcast, I see you, NJB :)
"Bicycles don't get stuck in traffic." I wish that would be the case in Germany too.
Regarding Domino's Pizza... I have never ordered there.  New York Pizza on the other hand... I order from them as frequently as I can. I love their Double Pepperoni Pizza on the New York bottom. Just enough pepperoni and cheeses combined with a thick bottom is just... godly. Bit more expensive than Dominos, from what I was told, but... still worth it to me!
wanting food you ordered to arrive quickly makes sense. hot food is better than cold food. but wanting groceries delivered quickly... who cares? that stuff sits in a pantry, or in the fridge, or whatever. they make specialized bags to keep ice cream and stuff cool. six minutes is absurd. just have it be a service grocery stores provide for people with disability or whatever, doesn't need to be a whole thing
they are wasting a valuable resource,....young employable workers.
I love this video. In the urbanist community we have this view that the Netherlands and other countries that have walkable cities are some kind of socialist utopias but somehow forget that they are still liberal capitalists economies. Where does the H&M get their clothes from? Not from a ethically source factory but also the exploitation of child slaves like the rest of western world. Services like the ones you named here are only profitable because they exploit the hell out of their workers. Great video like always!
Says 10 minute delivery is pointless for groceries and causes all these problems.  End of video “the delivery was going to take 70 minutes, it wasn’t worth it”  So sure, they had out of stock items and that was probably the main point on why you didn’t go with the service. But what was the point of bringing up 70 minutes was too long, when your ENTIRE video was aimed at showcasing why these fast deliveries are not only undesirable, but also not needed.  Hope you can clear that up because your content is generally pretty good
Feels like the Uber eats situations sorry but with that common 40% discount, my two items I'm ordering shouldn't cost me 30$ dollars on average.
No. Thanks for coming to my Ted talk
BIG props and thanks for the shout out to Second Thought, another of my favorite channels, Comrade @Not Just Bikes
04:51 That cyclist is running a red light right in front of cops.
I think this video is also sponsored by "Getir" to vilify competing companies.
I think same day delivery can be useful in some cases - for example if there are no nearby stores open on a public holiday or Sunday (like in Vienna), but it really makes no sense to make under 10 mins. delivery your whole business model.
I think that the good thing of delivery in less then 30 minutes vs 1 day delivery is that you can select WHEN they will be delivered. If the 1 day delivery could mean "in 1 day, between 18:00 and 19:00" would be perfecty acceptable for most of the <30min orders. Or if it was possible to deliver to a locker.
When you talk about how getting groceries isn't even a trip because you do it while doing something else, you seem to be talking about trip chaining. I think it'd be great if you could do a whole episode on trip chaining (and then maybe talk about how this would be good for women, because we're way more likely to do trip chaining)
Nice little nod to Trash Future.
We have getir in the Boston area (more like Cambridge/Somerville). They're Depot is in a backwater warehouse between neighborhoods
Saying about Samokat - which is a "scooter" in Russian it's a bit different - they put 30min as their delivery time and their dark store is like 4 minute walk from my home. Moreover the prices are higher then market prices. I think they are focused on people who don't want to go outside and ready to pay more. Or if you need just a single avocado at 11pm :)
Getting flashbacks of similar legal issues from food delivery services like Rappi, PedidosYa, etc. last year here in Buenos Aires and all around Latin America I'm guessing. There was also a ruling to consider riders full time employees of those companies, not sure how all that ended up but could be interesting to take a look later and apps are def still around. Think they also do grocery delivery here but same as in The Netherlands, stores and markets are always at walking distance so pretty niche market too.
Not going to make the sacrifice of  living in/near the city just yet.
"Let the market decide" is politician speak for: "I don't want to do my job and create legislation"
These services remind me of the old saying. Good, fast, cheap. Pick two. And if you're able to pick all three, someone is not getting paid.
I wouldn't call it laziness, I would rather take a walk in the park than stand in a supermarket line with mask opponents breathing down my neck from a distance I wouldn't even tolerate outside a pandemic. But in terms of sustainability, I think the supermarket chains that added their own delivery service are in a much better place.
Learning a lot on how a city works!
Very slight, nitpicky note: the Hoge Raad has not yet ruled on the Deliveroo case - the AG has concluded in her written opinion (advies) that any Deliveroo riders are indeed bogus self-employed. The court is not obligated to follow the AG's opinion, so it's not final yet, though I expect the Hoge Raad will (at least) come to the same conclusion.  Which you very likely know, but decided to leave out because it's boring legalese and unneccesary for the video.
I've used the Albert Heijn delivery for a while (in the north of North Holland)  after I had a broke several bones, and usually i could order anything from their supermarket, Etos farmacy, and gall and gall liquor store from the ah app for next day delivery, and that was easily fast enough already, and it has the full range of necessities and food items.
"They mostly deliver by bicycle" uh or by ridiculously loud mopeds without a muffler
Wow, a Second Thought reference in a NotJustBikes video... what a crossover
4:47 "corvid19" 😟
I couldn't help but watch this through the lens of a biker complaining about someone using a bike lane at a different speed than they like to travel. It sounds a lot like a driver complaining about bikes encroaching on their territory 😆.  Jokes aside if we want more bike users then we have to admit that business is going to start using it as well. if biking is faster why wouldn't they? so as we develop bike infrastructure we should keep in mind how that will scale out in mixed use scenarios. (at least in an urban setting)
I think part of the issue in the US is also that Americans rely too much on brand-name foods/processed food products. This reliance forces grocery stores to be larger than necessary which in turn means big centralized stores. Smaller grocers like LIDL and ALDI have some what disrupted this, and gas stations/convivence stores have upped their games in the US, but it still feels like a long way to go. I live in a relatively walkable neighborhood near the downtown of my City, but the grocery stores require crossing major Stroads, and the convivence stores are either crappy or lacking fresh products
I live in Zeist wich is a small town next to Utrecht, we sometimes use "Flink" for our groceries on Sundays, because they still deliver after 18:00 but the grocery stores here close at that time. So if we don't have time because of work or other reasons we can still get our groceries.
So why cant regular supermarkets get better at delivery? Its been decades since supermarkets deliver in the Netherlands, but after moving out i find that europe is actually quite car centred and delivery done by (super) markets barely exists. Sure flash delivery with dark stores are not good for the liveability of a neighbourhood, but supermarkets are just waiting for their marketshare to dissapear.
I think the business model that makes sense is for the grocery stores to offer same day delivery but at an extra fee compared to next-day delivery
stray thought regarding VC: should the government have a monopoly on selling at a loss? are there any non-exploitative sectors this would mess up terribly?  edit: already made an argument against myself here: startups can often need to establish a market and get some economy of scale things going before they can become competitive in an "honest" way. What else?
CORVID
I dont think you should critique that VC / dumb money that harshly.  Consider any startup that wants to take market share from established markets: the easiest and most attractive way is to be cheaper than your competitor. Established parties tend to have reduced costs to what they can bare already. This means you can gain some market share as a new business and survive among the other smaller companies. Later your company has to shift its business money as "dumb money" runs out, sure, but then you have a loyal customer base and variable customers. But you are hopefully established enough to make that shift. Ideally for the company, you build a monopoly by wiping the competition.  But without the "cheap grab of market share" strategy, few businesses will survive their first years anyway. Especially since you dont have the benefits of size yet, which your established competitors definitely have and use against you. You cant build a systainable business from the start in most markets these days anyway. Too many big, established players already hold those markets. Ironically, capitalism becomes its own bottleneck.
I live in America and work for a grocery pick-up service at a grocery store, and it sucks. Our customers can place orders as close as two hours before the pick-up time, and we can take as many as 10 orders an hour. Last year we had 4 hours to shop orders and less per hour, the job wasn't easy then but it wasn't usually stressful. Because of how busy things are now it has led to much more frequent mistakes and stressed out employees who want to quit, almost everyone that works with me hates it. And of course everyone has to drive since it is America, our service in the Netherlands would be much better.
Funny, PostNL does the violating labour laws too.
As a gig economy worker, this is a really great video.
Glad you mentioned heavy orders. I ride for deliveroo in the UK, which has a couple of supermarkets on its app. The worst orders by far are people ordering their weekly grocery shop or large amounts of heavy liquids. I do not get paid more for heavy orders and the customers in question never seem to tip, which is insult to injury (not literal injury yet, but it isn't really safe).
I used to work as a rider for JustEat Takeaway/Lieferando in Germany. It wasn't a bad job to be honest. We got an employment contract and a set hourly wage. There were bonus payments for every delivery plus extra pay for working on public holidays. Altough there was a suggested timeframe in which we had to do the deliveries, it was never enforced or we never got punishment if we didn't make it in time. Also my town had an alright bike infrastructure, which made cycling convenient.  If you have questions, feel free to ask.
We literally ordered for only like the 2nd time from our local supermarket and i think faster deliveries are just unnecessary. The ocassions where i need last minute groceries, i doubt I’ll be stuck in corona isolation and quite often we find work arounds with cooking.  With my own groceries i try to buy back ups of certain pantry products (think spices, rice, pasta, soy milk, oil etc.) so if i run out i end up having that product still or an alternative (having a nice spice cabinet and a stock of stuff like flour and butter just staple ingredients really helps).  i then put it on the list for next time or as soon as we are nearing the stuff running out in some days. I can bike to my shop in about 5min or so, so speedy grocery shopping just feels unnecessary. I mah live in a small city, but we
Here in Ottawa you CAN live near a grocery store.. if you're lucky.  My closest one is a 20 minute bike ride and I have to cross a highway and a giant parking lot, but Ottawa was 100% designed to get around by car. (My nearest grocery store is a 20 minute bike, 15 min bus, and 5 min car drive.. the next nearest is a 45 min bus ride, 25 min bike, but only 6 mins by car.) They don't even design the bus routes here to get you around your part of the city, they mostly just take you downtown.
Well, as someone who lived for some years in Berlin and worked in a different sector in a similar company that exploits its employees, this is an interesting video for me.  Getting your groceries delivered is a great thing and when I lived in Berlin, I used several times Amazon Fresh or the delivery services of grocery stores to get my food, since I lived in a part of the city that was car centered and it would have taken me a long time to get what I needed. Today, I again live in a smaler town which has some public transport but is mostly planned around the car, so at some times I would prefer to have the opporetunity to order my groceries, but even if we have 100.000 inhabitants, there is no grocery delivery service available here.  Do I get the point of 10 minute delivery? Yes, somehow. If I'm a student and partying and am totally drunk and want some potato chips or some snacks and some more beer, I would love to be able to order that stuff and get it asap.  But here we have to seperate these party people from the normies. Normies like me would appreciate to be able to order groceries at all, nation wide or at least anywhere else than in large cities. And normies like me are able to plan their live and to pre-order their delivery at least one or two days in advance, especially if it would reduce the delivery costs a little bit. On the other side, the party people who want their chocolate bar at 3 a.m. usually should have the extra money to pay a fair price for the delivery guy.
As an American, I have literally dreamed about having a grocery store within walking distance. I go to the grocery store about every two months because they're so miserably crowded. Everyone goes in waves, no one just "stops by" the grocery store.
I love the headline shown at 9:54. "Gorillas offering 12 Euros hourly wage in Germany. It was really generous of them to do that... after the government announced plans to raise the minimum wage in Germany to €12/hr.
Join the union brothers and sisters!
The real hope of these services is that enough people will become so addicted to convienence that they'll continue to pay ever increasing amounts of money for something that's ultimately unnecessary and completely uneconomical.   The fact there's so much VC money (and open investment) in businesses with these models just shows how likely a scenario most people think this.   Looking around, it's hard to argue.
They should open mixed shops .. cafe up front (where driver can also sit and sip discounted coffees while waiting for a call.) So the front doesn look dark ... And that frees up most of the spot for the fulfillment
Yeah the clients are usually hungover students ordering breakfast in their bathrobe, students ordering beer after grocery store closing time and people with little children who can't leave the house easily.
I see many people in the comments mentioning 1H delivery times would be fine too, but for multiple reasons that wouldn't make it easier for the flash delivery service. Due to the multiple smaller locations of the company the distance to the customer remains short, this benefits the driver too because they don't have to ride as far with a full bag, and it reduces the cost of delivery relative to the order price. Putting together an order also only takes the company only a few minutes at best. This all just results in a rather quick delivery time.
We tend to use these services in London when we're with friends. Rather than sending one or two people to the shop and breaking up the party it makes sense to pay a premium to have someone arrive a few minutes later with another couple of bottles of wine or spirits and a frozen pizza. It's a luxury, not a necessity.
Delivery drivers on dubiously legal electric bikes are a pain too, the whole thing is a typical low-value gig economy mess
Exploitation is not a business model.
I do think there's a pretty sizable market for things like this, but extending the delivery time would allow for more efficient routes while no one would really make a problem of it (delivery within the hour still sounds pretty great to me). That would certainly lower the pressure on their employees
The next big tech bubble crash incoming
I see the value of quick deliveries, especially if you're sick or something and you were planning to go to the store but not don't want to or can't. But otherwise, I don't mind waiting a few days for my delivery to arrive. I do order a lot of stuff that I eat regularly that isn't available even in the local supermarkets or is just a lot more expensive. For me, that is chia seeds, hemp seeds, quinoa, protein powder, and some other grains, so I bulk buy this a few times per year. But otherwise, I love that I have a lot of stores close to me. Especially for fresh produce, as I'm very picky - for example, I love green bananas and hard kiwis.   Loved this video and the topic you choose! I think it's really a conversation that needs to happen, especially when it comes to Amazon. Do you really need that stuff on the same day? For 99.5% of the folks, the answer is going to be no.
Having been stuck indoors due to recovering from surgery a while ago I can understand how wonderful it is to get your groceries delivered to you whether it's through one of the quick bike delivery companies or through the store delivery services.  I also use it for bulky items and the monthly basic buy.  Howver I think it's a tend that will give way to more sensible methods of food delivery.
It's amazing how much graffiti there is. Here in the United States, when you see that much graffiti in prominent places, it is an indication that you are in a high crime area.
Gorillas, a typical example for dumb money, is bankrupt btw.
The fast delivery service and grocery delivery service are services that I fail to understand the point in them. It's true that I live in a place where delivery is not useful at all, though taxi service is very useful. Not exactly at walking distance (unless 30 minute just to go is walking distance), but not an issue with a bike, especially e-bike for the mountainous slopes. So, why asking for delivery when I can go there myself in 5 minutes? But on another hand, I also fail to understand why people want so much to live in a city.
https://youtu.be/VpavEMVQpW8?t=597 : Gorillas raised the wages in advance to the raising of the Minimum Wage in Germany last month, not out of the goodness of their hearts...
I DON'T want to be labeled LAZY! I need/want a reliable and plannable pickup with a set time-window for pickup or delivery!  Some days I get home from work and have an hour before leaving for sport.  Yeah, the grocery store is just 10 minutes away BUT... the store doesn't have my desired item in stock. Walking + Searching + Realizing the store doesn't have my items + checkout + Walking home suddenly takes most of the time away.  Same is true for planing a party. My simple "10-minute walk" becomes a two hour long journey. I am buying my items, but some are missing, so all the walking + checkout + storing groceries but then I need to leave for another store again, betting/hoping they have my desired items in stock.  Why can't the store tell me beforehand which items are available so I can plan ahead? Ordering on Wednesday to get delivery or available pickup at 5:30 on Friday is fine.  Unfortunately Picnic isn't in my region, my grocery stores don't offer pickup so for missing items I use Gorillas and Flink.  The unethical parts of running those fast delivery businesses is unacceptable (worker issues, salary, pressure to perform, accidents, etc.).   #FirstWorldProblems
The VC money, lack of profitability etc is a very interesting angle to all this. You should check out the economist Yanis Varoufakis. He argues that since 2008 we have been in a new stage of capitalism (which he calls techno-feudalism) where profit itself has been increasingly replaced by central bank money (which then goes to private banks and corporations).
Jason what are your thoughts on New York City?
I HATE REGULATIONS I HATE REGULATIONS I HATE REGULATIONS REEEEEEE  No concern in this video is valid apart from that concern about bikes clogging up infrastructure.
I’m glad he called the delivery services “lazy.”  I concur.
I got two ads on this video and both those ads were local 10min delivery apps, its crazy to think its not common around the world.
I had a sprained ankle in summer and couldn't really get groceries, so Flink, Getir and Gorillas were a life saver (yes I could have asked friends, but *convenience* :)) Also Getir is currently in talks with Gorillas to acquire them so maybe there is at least gonna be a aggregation of service providers.
I don't get the whining about worker condition and salaries. Many are decentralized jobs that offers freedom that no other employer do, and how much you'll earn depends on you; it's also typically easier to get than other jobs. I think this is the future model when more and more jobs gets automated and are too volatile for a traditional employment.
Thank you for mentioning the disability angle. To a lot of people, getting out for groceries can be a genuinely difficult task. I myself can only really do so because I am on sick leave - if I had a full time job, I'd simply not have the energy given where I live. It's immensely helpful for energy management, for actually focusing and getting the important things done in the house, like making food, sorting out bills, etc. That said, usually when I do get deliveries done, it's a case of ordering the night before
Second Thought is an awesome content creator.
Fuck the gig economy. A store offering a delivery service and sending a truck to several people at once is at least reasonable. And except for anything to drink (once a month car trip) i carry my groceries by bike.
Maybe the pilots in Finland is one way to go; there are small robots delivering your groceries😊 The robots even say thank you, when you help them😂
Honestly, we need drop box locations, dedicated infrastructure for delivery drivers (including public toilets), and our architecture needs to include lockers as a standard amenity space. The amount of time wasted trying to get two people to meet is silly.   I suspect we will see very slow, small, automated drop boxes move back and forth from last mile distribution centres.
I like the idea of ordering my groceries online, since it saves me the trip to the grocery store, which is about twoish hours (driving there, getting all the groceries, driving back). But I don't even need them the same day. All I'd want in a grocery delivery app would be the option for flexible deliveries. Like, I order my groceries on Monday for Thursday 5pm, because I know I'll be home by that time and can unpack it all in peace.
The beginning of the end i would describe this. Not something to be proud of. Lazyness shouldnt be encouraged.
Really interesting. The UK has just passed a law to say that these riders must be treated as employees too. I will be interested to see whether Deliveroo withdraws from the UK. I am not sure where these companies work out of in the UK. I thought they just went to the branded supermarket of your choice to pick up the order, but that may be totally wrong. A lot of the riders seem to congregate outside restaurants and stores.   One of the issues here is that a lot of them ride electric bikes with a throttle, which are illegal in the UK . Many of them have been modified to do much more than the 25kph max for pedelecs, which are legal. They are a menace and a danger. There are also issues with the exploitation of many of the riders. Having said all that, they fulfil a need if you are ill, disabled or just too busy,
4:40 .. you know .. cuz it is obvious, they are quicker .. but yeah again, city design , city deisgn, city design ... I'm thinking a lot how to rebuilt suburbs with best ROI  a lot lately. That is the first thing, the city centres just need some bike and bus lanes ... the suburbs and spread is way harder to change
Robot delivery has been running successfully in the UK (Milton Keynes) for years, they're everywhere in the town and a common sight on the cycle paths: https://youtu.be/Z417CncwQsg
We started using Voila by IGA here in Montréal, mostly because we can make a weekly meal plan, sit down together and order our groceries online, and have them delivered the next day. Personally when I go to any store I rush to make decisions and often fall for impulse purchases so Voila makes grocery shopping much more efficient. We also moved from a neighbourhood where we had several small independent grocery stores within 5 minutes walking, to a neighbourhood where the closest stores are 20 minutes away by foot. We found that we were choosing to drive to a Loblaws store to get ripped off by their skyrocketing prices, so in comparison paying $4-8 for delivery from IGA is still much cheaper than any Loblaws stores.
sorry but 1 video of cycling in berlin?
There are a lot of... strange things in out times, but 10 minute grocery delivery is quite high on the list. I could maybe get my head around 30 minutes, for when your friends suddely visit and you need snacks, but 10 minutes? If your friends can't wait 30  minutes for chips, you should get better ones anyway ;)  About Gorilles: I read an article just a few days ago. At the start they were making more loss per trip than the average worth of trips. So someone ordered for 12€ and they had a loss of 13€ or so.  It's now down to "only" 5€ or so, but still... can't see that working once the VC is out. It's like Uber. Their plan was to use self-driving cars and to be "the" market, that is why they used so much capital. Build a monopoly. But as self-driving cars are not out...  I think they even managed to break even with being a food delivery on top on the original business model. I think that is the only way for those grocery deliveries, too. Consolidate until it's only one left, incorporate additional services and then up the prices. (Amazon did the same btw.) Not worth imho, but that is true for a lot of services and things that exist, like 1000€ smartphones or golf.
jokes on you I get my groceries just by walking out of the door, social housing in Morocco has shops under them.
It's no longer curiosity stream and nebula together? Shit, I just wanted to sign on :( But only one... nah. I don't even have the time.
I had a trial day at flink during one of the lockdowns and all the horrible things are true. a coworker told me he routinely breaks traffic rules to stay under 10 minutes, the boss was treating everybody like shit and criticized us for things we had no control over (like the fact that it was 💯 impossible to deliver in under 10 min in the snowstorm that hit like 2 hours into my shift. I understand that this service can be useful for some people with disabilities etc but the people I know who use it are mostly people who could absolutely reach a grocery store in 5mins but consider themselves too busy 🤡
you just need to delete that company layer and make it possible contact delivery guys directly with individual ratings for both customers and workers
I think this problem will solve itself. All the worker exploitation in the world can't make up for the fact that 1. essentially nobody needs flash grocery delivery, so the willingness to PAY for that service is very low and 2. the cost of providing that service is very high, especially considering the cost of customer acquisition and employee turnover.  I think venture capital is very cool, and VC money is not always "dumb money", but the investors in these companies, whoever they are, are definitely dumb. These companies will annihilate the equity invested in them and then shrivel up and die.
Love that Europe actually does something to regulate these abusive companies unlike some other countries on this Earth.
The only good reason for 10-minute delivery is when you are cooking something and realize you're missing an ingredient.
I'm from Russia and I was surprised you spelled "самокат" correctly : )
I only use them because of 50+% discounts. And always make sure to tip the drivers.
Most of the valid use cases you mention can be fulfilled by more traditional, non-same day delivery services. Some supermarket chains in Germany offer these (e.g. REWE). There is a good selection of products, and a convenient online shopping experience. But delivery has to be scheduled for a time slot, at least one day in advance (or sometimes several days, if there are no free time slots). The delivery is much more efficient though as it's done with a van which loads up many deliveries and takes a sensible route instead of going back and forth for each order.
Why would you even order something if you can just go take a 10min walk and get it yourself? You need atleast an hour of daylight and if you can work from home god knows you need it.  and if you don't work from home you can easily just hop by the market on your way home.  and as someone working from home here (not in the city though) i really need more excusses to go outside.
Like for the SecondThought shoutout! <3
My street bike lane in Sydney is now jam packed with these grocery and fast food delivery motorised maniacs.
OK, wow, this dude either lives in oud zuid and is disgustingly rich, or just uses it as a pretty backdrop (which would also make sense). But damnnnnnn adsense I guess came thru if it's the first.
Have you ever heard of a 2 lane bikepath? The issues with traffic could be fixed somewhat by having a cargo bike lane.
a flashdelivery service in germany saying theyre soo kind for giving employees 12 euros and hour....babes thats minimum wage 😭 youre literally not allowed to give them less
The idea if having your groceries delivered to your home is quite good by itself. Yet it really makes me wonder, why do we need groceries being delivered within 30 minutes? Combined with the question: "why do we want deliveries to your doorstep when you're likely gone for work anyway". I realize both questions are strongly related to one another, we want them delivered fast when we get home from work so we can get started on dinner.  How about the following: for parcels and groceries: why not have a conveniently places ( partially insulated/cooled ) locker warehouse? Get in, unlock and pickup, get out.  My whole point is: why do we want to generate more traffic ( bicycles or otherwise ) at rush hour anyway? I live in Ghent, Belgium. Rush hour is a thing for non motorized traffic as well. With the current system we simply transfer our own stress onto another.
A shout out to Second Thought AND Trashfuture? Incredible
As someone who works in planning in the Netherlands, these darkstores can be a pain in the ass. They skirt around zoning regulations while having negative effects on habitability with their blacked out windows and riders constantly going in and out causing noise.
I'd say the biggest Problem is the pressure on the riders . This has gotta be one of the most straining Jobs out there and you know they neither get enough Breaks nor enough money
Same day grocery delivery makes loads of sense. Same hour though? Debatable. I'm happy to order in the morning and get my groceries in time to cook dinner
There are 2 uses for a service like this for me. The first one is if I'm expecting guests and already starting with cooking and I need something this way I don't have to ask someone and I don't need to leave the house. The second is a lot more of a specific need, as someone who is physically disabled some days I just don't have the energy to get out of the house and I need grocery's this is a great way to get some but in that case 2 or 3 hours delivery time wouldn't make the service less useful. Fun fact I just got an add from flink after the video
One or two of them will survive and be at least some what profitable at the long run maybe work with some supermarkets to handle their deliveryservice. For me the only reason to use some of those services is when I just forgot a few small things and don't want to go back to the store.
Here in the south of Sweden, in the city of Malmo, there are several of these delivery companies, some use e-bicycles, and some the delivery person has to use their own bicycle or moped. They ride fast on bicycle roads and sidewalks, I have not read or heard about any accidents, but I guess it is just a matter of time. I never used one of these services, since I live in the middle of the city and have 4 grocery stores within 1-2 min of walking, and I like to walk, and I enjoy the small talk with the staff at my favorite grocery store.
1000th comment ⚡
Dammnnn I didn't know that Amsterdam banned mopeds from the bicycle ways. I really hope, Groningen will do the same, I hate mopeds!
What is the radius of walking distance? My town the CBD (city) is less then 5km away but most people still drive.
Uber Eats and Foodpanda here in Taiwan do provide grocery shopping and usually fulfilled within 20 minutes from a nearby grocery store (which isn't their fulfillment center tho, but they also have their own fulfillment centers)  But say, moped riders for those delivery services do usually ride fast not for time but for making as many deliveries as possible, and that also caused some tragic accidents.
Interesting that you incorrectly pronounce 'Getir' as 'Getter'. Getir is Turkish for 'bring' in which is sort of similar to Get.
Hey, i used to work as a legal advisor for a Dutch municpality and it is actually not allowed in retail zones. A lot of these companies are now in conflict about the question wheter it is allowed or not. The highest court in Netherlands has recently judged that flash delivery is not allowed in retail zones. Legally it is an interesting case study.
I used to live in Rotterdam Zuid. And used Getir often. But we moved to Schiedam.  Where they don’t deliver and did not miss it  We have a store 3 minutes walk away. And a larger shop a bit further. In good biking distance. (Even tho I have taken the car there as well cause we buy the larger groceries there, could do with a bakfiets)
I was really interested in Nebula/Curiosity Stream but it seems it's impossible to sign up without a credit card so I literally cannot pay for it.
I wish it didn't take me 15 minutes just to get to the grocery store, park, and then get inside
Some Stores in Germany found a neat compromise: You can order your groceries via an app, pay in the app, but you have to pick your order up in the store yourself. The pick up area is close to the entrance and some stores even have a parking spot or two reserved for people that just pick up a order. This makes it a lot faster for the customer since you don´t have to find everything in the store yourself and wait in line to pay, but you are still buying in the same super market that is there anyway.
In Sydney we have Milkrun. I have no idea how they manage it as Sydney is what I would consider to be the opposite of bike-friendly. I don't hear about it happening but surely these delivery people are getting injured or killed quite regularly.
6:42 People from USA and Canada* let's be honest here
I have not been more than a short walk from a store in years in the US.  Why?  because I live in urban areas, and make sure i move into areas, that have stores.  what is sucky is, not everyone can.
I think if you want your groceries as fast as possible you should pay accordingly. I don't see a need to have groceries delivered in less than an hour. You will hardly starve in that time.  I don't know if we have similar delivery-services for groceries in Switzerland (and I didn't bother to look). The two biggest grocery-chains both have onlineshops with almost all store products. Over the last three years I had three times groceries delivered (sickness or appointment-collision). I could pick a timeslot when it should be delivered and every time there was a convenient time within 24 hours. But the other hundreds of times I went to the store myself because I use these trips also for physical acctivity (gym of life ^.^)
This video started wyih TWO ads for flash delivery 🙄...
You forgot one key thing for why this works: labour abuse by not hiring employees and making everyone an "independent contractor"  They are also all gonna go bankrupt eventually as they have extremely bad cash flow and just hope WS is dumb enough to pick them up as a growth stock, just like Uber and all the other unsustainable gig companies
I pretty much prefer Japanese style of 7-Elevens (and similar brands) with quadzillion number of vending machines. To me, that's convenient that I can have access to them 24/7/365 and most of the time they're a couple of steps away. In fact, I find Europe very inconvenient that shops close at certain hours (e.g. Bayern at 8pm) and also the whole Sundays. Japan is also much more accessible for disabled people than in Europe. Found this out when I broke a leg while living in Dusseldorf and realised how difficult it is to navigate through the city.
When people in USA says government is the problem, it is because of politicians who are bad at zoning.
Really well made video
Никогда бы не подумал, что самокат есть в Нидерландах
This is a disgustingly decadent service and helps to explain why everybody is getting so fat.
These services are just successful in places  with lots of young people. I life in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. A city with about 220.000 people, of which about 70.000 are students. Here flash services are seemingly successful. But just with students. In my neighborhood, student free, I've never seen one. And now with a recession going on delivery services, and other services who promise convenience, are in steady decline. Which I think is a good thing. Especially in cities in the Netherlands. Supermarkets are always close by and the supposed advantages these services promise are non issues. (When writing this comment an ad by Picnic, another groceries delivery service ran with people naming the advantages of Picnic. One woman with a small kid:"So I could order stuff in the middle of the night when my kid can't sleep?", or a posh student:"..I don't need to get into hectic city life...", or "I don't have to wait in line between all these sweaty people.."...)
Albert Heijn delivers my groceries every week I have chronic pain and chronic fatigue and the tiny town I live in doesn't have grocery store.  They come once a week I dont need it within 10 minutes.
I think this whole business model is just for lazy people who want to be lazy, at the cost of the urban environment, other stores and other people..  The amount of trash these 'dark stores' pile up in a shopping street, the amount of bicycles in streets with bicycle parking shortage... it's just egotistical. And at the same time, we complain that a lot of people in the Netherlands don't get enough exercise and are overweight..  People are so lazy nowadays that they would literally park their bike in the bike lane, than have to walk an extra 10m to the bike parking facility. I'm not making this up, I was yelled at for biking in the bike lane by someone that wanted to park her bike there, and dozens of other bikes were already there. Same at supermarkets, why put your bike in the designated spots if that means you have to walk a whole extra 3 meters?
How rude of us, to actually protect workers, and actively try to patch up loopholes...
Has me thinking maybe nationalise it so that there isn't like 5 little warehouses in the one area trying to do exactly the same thing, then ease up the delivery speed requirements for the safety of everyone involved. Then you have a good service for those who need it (the disabled being those who benefit from a service like this being easily available, even if its propped up by people getting party snacks).
Halfway through this video I was getting worried you'd chalk these businesses' successes to good urban design, rather than relentless and questionably legal exploitation of labour. Great video, you should go on TF
What? Doing stuff costs money? What is this? (Companies be like)
Flash delivery companies do definitely have a place. The problem is that place is niche.  People who are severely movement-impaired, older people who take longer, or are weak. At risk of catching Covid - people with crippling problems (Agoraphobia, social or anxiety disorders) as well, they likely do or would benefit seismically hard from this service. The rest, yeah. People just lazy :-P
So - is just in time delivery necessary? no, not at all ... that is - except for a tiny, almost non existent group that, due to disability or disease - is not able to go shopping. (mind you, people with such a disability tend to have a household helper .. at least here)  I think it is kind of an acquired behaviur. Kind of like .. when you get your first cat .. you tend to drive everywhere, even short distances .. like  -  to the grocery store next door. You get used to leaving your house and jumping into your car (like, very American behaviour) .. and it is not really socially discouraged much - at least in US cities, i guess.  Deliveries might be similar .. you try it out - and you start to get lazy. You justify it any way while normalizing it - and you hardly ever think about the impact of it. (like, ordering all bio, sustainable stuff .. while engaging a delivery service to get your stuff to you .. which more than defeats the purpose of being sustainable, environmentally conscious and responsible)  There sure was a purpose for it during the pandemic and people in lockdown or isolation .. but that time has past.
I'm so glad they haven't popped up where I live in the south side of Rotterdam. We just get a nice and shiny new mall and transit hub overhaul.
(I live in the US) About a decade ago one of the grocery chains in my area started offering delivery. Place your order online and schedule a time, usually at least 6 hours in the future, and for $10 they would deliver your order in a big branded van (they used the same vans to deliver flowers). We made extensive use of that, and often discussed how we could even make use of less service, like if our neighborhood was only served on Tuesdays and Thursdays and we had to schedule around that.  Sadly, that particular chain closed a few years ago, and the others in the area all seem to have partnered with rapid delivery services that charge a higher price on every single item than the price in the store. I don't mind paying extra for delivery. I do mind paying 30% more for delivery, and I especially mind paying a delivery fee on top of being charged 30% more.
If you're from Germany, Netherlands or UK. You dint wanna support the turks and stick to Flink
There are millions of people that are disabled and unable to grocery shop.  It's unfortunate the author of this video doesn't get that.
Oh man you gotta come visit Tel Aviv… you’ll be amazed of how messy things can get
Right before the pandemic we used Picnic a lot. It's just so much easier with a baby and a toddler to just have the stuff delivered. Then during the pandemic we used a mixture of delivery options, because they were often fully booked for a week at that point. There are no flash deliveries where I live, too rural.   My kids are now 3 and 5 and it's getting much easier to balance housework, jobs and things like groceries, because the kids are much more independent and can entertain themselves better now. So we've gone back to doing groceries like any other Dutch person, every few days we get what we need for a couple of days.
"But ultimately, this gets bag" 👏
11:22 mexican flag?
Great one again! The cat is out of the bag
I wonder if adding these type of services to mostly car dependent places (without North America's insane zoning) might be a useful way to increase the demand for cycling infrastructure... (and once that is built, some of the trips might move away from cars) (You mostly need a car in Gauteng (well, unless you want to deal with the minibus taxis...) - stuff tend to be far away... (People often work 50km away from where they stay) But there is usually a small shopping center within a km or two)
When living in Italy there was Glovo which was similar to Flink or Gorilla, I never used it because the convenience store and grocery store was such a short walk from my house that it wasn't generally worth it.  I will say that I did appreciate grocery store delivery like Esselunga A Casa as a grocery shopping option.  But in general going to store was the most convenient option unless I had a big grocery list or getting heavy or bulky items delivered like a case of bottled water or distilled water.
In India, even food delivery services have started featuring 10-min grocery delivery as a service in their apps, albeit through a different name  Yeah and this has resulted to more dangerous roads tbh- same consequences as seen years ago when Dominos offerred delivery under 30 mins. Especially considering that most deliverymen use mopeds or motorbikes.   Today, even the biggest players are trying  to sneak their way into the market in India (no surprise, people want to retain their share in India's about 600-billion USD retail market). Waiting for Amazon to do something similar to their pantry delivery services 😃
In Poland it worka it is delivered not from dark store but from regular groceries or convenience stores.
Calling this service 'lazy;' is incredibly ableist. Feel free to throw those babies out with the bath water, though, if it supports your point. THANK GOODNESS you have the ability to ride a bike. THANK GOODNESS you can shop for yourself. THANK GOODNESS you are able to leave your home to get your basic necessities covered. WTF is wrong with you?
I use Picnic which usually delivers in a day and has more normal prices than Flink and Gorillas. They also pick up packages and glass and plastic bottles for recycling. Other stuff I get walking or cycling to a local supermarkt, Asian supermarket or Turkish store. I don't like the cycling style of the rapid delivery services...
I think these things will change once one of the providers has eliminated the otherw they will up the prices. Im not sure how viable these are in the long term
In my city, there's a cooperative of former foodora employees, called Alternativa kuriren. I think they are great. And I have the impression they are not more expensive.
In downtown San Diego there’s a service called Valet Market that does offers the same service, pretty astounding
In india we have these services without the luxury or bike lanes. They deliver using motor bikes. While this is faster than a car, they still get stuck in traffic   Hence very few of them are able to reach within " 10 mins" . They take a minimum of 25-30 mins unless you live close enough to the fullfilment center or in an area with low traffic density
Oh Buyk has to be made up
Loved the second thought shout out :) my two favourite educational channels coming together!
Most people just walk 5 minutes to their nearest supermarket, but they decide to have it delivered... Humanity at it's lazyest
Thanks for this vid. I've felt a little uneasy using these services (my wife less so). But it's definitely useful, with small kids at home and you realize you forgot something, some stores are already closed, the rest are super busy or further away. Ah fck, just order it! I will say though that we rely completely on delivery services for drink. Milk, beer, water, juice, not owning a car it really helps if you get those cases delivered to your door. It's same day, but not 10 minutes, more a couple of hours.
ah gotta love capitalism
I got my first delivery in 35 of 10 minutes... The bike travelled the street like five times before he finally rang.
In India, these delivery drivers use motorcycles. They are a menace on the road. They drive in the wrong lane, use the bicycle lane, drive on the footpath, and are just plain awful.
Here in Minsk one of the major grocery store chains started delivering groceries quite a while ago, but it was more of a "American trip to walmart" kind of delivery, because there was a minimal amount of groceries you need to get, in order for your food and household things to be delivered, and it was pretty big, so it encouraged users to get food for like the next week or at least a couple days. It wasn't a flash delivery tho, there was times when you ordered about 14:00 and only received your order after 19:00, and instead of bikes couriers were driving small vans. So that is a bit different from what is described in the video, but I think still an interesting concept. The same chain also opened a flash delivery service maybe 1.5-2 years back, and it has all the points you described: quick delivery (haven't really tried myself, but i think they will manage to do the thing at least in 20 minutes), lot of refilling centres(you can actually make an order online and go pick it up in one of those, so they're not a complete waste of business space) and couriers riding bikes(though being an urban cyclist here sucks). I don't really use these, because I live right on top of a pretty good grocery store, and there's a bigger one on the same street, but I see it as a great way to simplify the process of getting groceries for elderly and disabled people, or parents with small children. The one that is with bigger orders and longer waits even provides service outside of the big cities, but that mostly applies to the area around the capital, Minsk(but it is honestly a quite surprising chunk, it is almost like one fourth of a size of country or a bit bigger)
Capitalism is good at coming up with solutions to problems. But capitalism is also good at coming up with solutions to problems that don't exist and then marketing the hell out of it. It's almost a type of ponzi scheme. You get investors to grow market share to get more investors. The investors that come in last, lose when the game is over.
I absolutely hate these flash delivery services. One of them hit my friend while he was biking. My friend ended up with a concussion and needing a lot of dental work. They are so rushed, they make biking unsafe.
Thank you for highlighting the unfair labor practices, wage theft, and downright worker exploitation of workers in the gig economy. Glad to see that countries are holding these smash and grab companies accountable. It's an ongoing struggle in the U.S. and one that is only playing out in places with leadership that care about worker struggles. Kudos!
I used it two or three times when i was in quarantaine earlier this year. But haven't used it yet. Still get loads of mails and notifications.
"Dial a bottle" is indeed illegal, but the cops are aware and don't care.  I knew the guy who ran it in Toronto.  It does a job that keeps drunk drivers off the road, so as long as they're checking IDs, it should be legal.  The cops know that.  The best way to use tech to make delivery cheaper is the order picking.  Machines and a well designed facility can completely eliminate the low wage, very unpleasant job of 'order picker'.
Here in Perú it's a nice way to avoid getting shot or robbed in the street
Goddamn look at all that cheese.
I'm against these types of services due to the way it is fully designed around exploitation. The gig economy kills actual good services and ruins lives.
In Asia we have this kind of service since decades ago. Laziness is a trope here, even McDonald's and Burger King did home delivery since early 1990s. I am surprised that UberEats was a thing in the west in 2016. Online shopping here features quite a lot of "same day delivery" - my relative would still have to wait 3 days when ordering from Amazon. Initially the model was for this companies to run their own delivery services (McDonald's and KFC own a fleet of motorcycles & bicycles that delivers to nearby areas). Now though, it is a VC-backed startups exploiting gig workers that offers "hey kid, wanna try good stuff" shady deals that costs next to nothing. It persuaded quite a lot of businesses to ditch their own delivery services, until they realised the shady part of the deal. There are still a lot of restaurants that maintain their own delivery fleet:  They did it the classy Indonesian way: restaurants that maintains their own hotline call centre, motorcycle fleet, and pay their delivery drivers. The local McDonald's still maintain their famous "14045" hotline from early 2000s. Because at the end of the noisy tech startup bubble: the delivery techies asked 30% cut for them listing & taking care of your deliveries - a thing that killed most smaller businesses they claimed to help.
0:28 that store is maybe 10 minutes away from where I live and I didn't even know it was one of those fast grocery deliveries. Thanks so much for uploading this one, don't think i'll ever use it unless i'd be stuck at home with corona or something.
I live in Fake London (Westmount area) and I am in walking distance to the same variety of groceries and parks.
I live in a big city in India and in the big cities, you have an app called 'Big Basket' that delivers stuff the next day or after 2 days, basically like Amazon but the workers don't have to stress much,  Edit: there's also a HUGE problem of people dying because of these cheap deliveries, the difference is that here, you are paid very well for delivering food, in my city, around 300 euros after taxes (1800 in PPP), though your chances of dying are high, but you are provided good health insurance
I love this channel and I love Second Thought, I was really glad to see you give him a shout out
Although I actually like Domino's pizza, I agree with your concerns.  My parents are essentially trapped in their house due to health reasons and I do as much of the grocery shopping for them as I can, but there are times the level of exhaustion is just too high and I get asked "anything good on Doordash/Uber/Dominos/GrubHub" or any one of the various eating emporia in the area who do delivery. That's pretty much come to a halt lately because the delivery fees for most literally add up to another entire person's meal, so we resort to throwing together something quick & easy... which leads to my making more trips to the supermarket. (A must-drive situation in this area.)  We do have Instacart and Peapod that do deliveries for the grocery stores (heck, even Costco and Amazon do grocery deliveries now)... but then we get back into the realm of delivery fees and convenience fees and driver tips and a whole bunch of other stuff that relegates it to the realm of "when we REALLY need it" and takes it completely out of the "convenience" column. Funny what a business' need to actually make a profit can do to convenience pricing...
Grocery delivery is great, but it depends on how it’s used. Yesterday I was feeling under the weather and didn’t want to get anyone sick, so I ordered groceries. It took about 3 hours, and that was no problem at all. Shorter delivery might be great for some things, but it’s not really essential IMO.
They have Getir and Buyk (before the sanctions) in Chicago and its nice because the density of grocery and convenience stores in some parts of the city dont match the population density so they end up being few and far between and getir seems to be able to fill that niche quite nicely. Me and my friends use it a few times a month and I see their bags everywhere so Im guessing its fairly popular
I signed up for Nebula, and don't regret it, but I do wish they made it easier to filter down to just the content that is unique to the platform. I prefer to watch other stuff on YouTube to keep the Algorithm here abreast of the kinds of content I enjoy. There's an "originals" page on Nebula but that doesn't seem to include content like the purple videos you mention at the end of this video, so it doesn't really get the job done for me.
Trash future Collab?
while 10 min sounds like needlessly fast for grocery  i think for me personally there's a case for 6 hour lead time grocery/daily order grocery where whatever you order yesterday will come tomorrow on a certain schedule
As an able bodied person, I just don’t find grocery delivery that useful although it’s readily available where I live in Auckland, NZ. What I do love though is Click and Collect where they put it in a fridge or freezer locker for you at a specified time and I can pick it up on my walk home from work.
Reminds me of the Uber Vs On Demand Bus service video I've seen as well as what I call the Snuggie scenario.  Uber and Lyft have shaken up the market, yet when the cash ran out in some places it's like the struggling taxi and public transit attempts to compete is paying off with app based cab hailing and remote payment options being rolled out to more services.  Snuggies are really just robes for the chair bound (wheel chair or not), but having As Seen On TV advertise it to the masses allows for them get everywhere.  The rapid grocery delivery business getting this dumb money really allows for a niche market to get the attention it needed to make change happen.  Just how long do people have to live with the nonsense of disrupting is my question.
I got Amazon groceries delivered today - usually it's a few hours which is fine, just set up an order while at work, because I live in an American suburb that calls itself a "city" so stopping by a grocery store on the way home on a bike is incredibly inconvenient, so the stuff gets delivered a little after I get home.  I can imagine starting to cook though and then realizing "oh crap I don't have x!" and having it show up in 10 minutes while I prep everything else would be extremely nice.
Transit, city design, and workers's rights. I love your videos, man.
The fact that the delivery workers are actually employees didn't occur to me until halfway in the video. I'm used to the Doordash/Shipt model of delivery workers being contracted, and in the case of Shipt, required to do the shopping at stores themselves.
My sister in Paris spends more time getting from her apartment to the front door of the building than she does getting from the front door of the building to the Carrefour Express.  Yeah, 10 minute delivery is amazing, but what really makes this work is the fact that there is a fully stocked grocery store a block away!  In Portland OR, USA the closest connivence store to my house is 5 blocks, and I’m significantly better than average.
I've heard that VCs are suddenly starting to care about crazy things like profitability, and the idea of "market share is worth spending anything" is rapidly going out of fashion. Can't happen fast enough.
“Childrens”? 😂
The next vista of delivery companies:SELF SERVE. come on by and pick up your stuff.
I didn't realize there were services like these in EU countries and that there was this much nuance to their effects on the people and community. Thanks NJB for making such videos. I'm off to Nebula now to see some more exclusive content there 😁
Same with all the platforms, Amazon, eBay, Etsy. In particular, AWS subsidizes their retail domination. They use then kill the small time vendors that are now dependent on the platform. It’s a kind of serfdom, but predatory
FT has an article on Holland may actually be running out of room for people. Might be amusing to comment on.
Comrade Jason?! What a pleasant surprise.
I may be too American, but what exactly is the advantage of a 6-minute delivery of groceries when you can typically walk to a supermarket within 10 minutes? Are the Dutch becoming THIS lazy? In the USA, having grocery delivery seems more reasonable to avoid driving weekly to the store but what do I know...I don't own a car.
Did you know that in the Dominican Republic we have had a corner store delivery service for more than 30 years?
7:47 I thought advertising on trams was just an American thing. I see it quite a bit with Phoenix’s light rail, and probably more on the buses. Seems like it also happens elsewhere. I find it funny that businesses would want to advertise on public transit vehicles, as they’re moving decently fast and are rarely stationary.
Thank you for this post
I myself work at dominos in a sizable village in the netherlands as a bicycle delivery driver and it sometimes shocks me how suicidal my colleagues drive. I always try to be as carefull as I can, braking when corners come up and always obeying the rules even if I can just shoot past any situation at high speeds. I also refuse to overtake people who drive unpredictably, rather taking a little longer to get to my destination instead of taking the chance to piss someone off or crash into them
3:03 is a face reveal of sorts
You really need to make a video about Vancouver, my dude. Pretty much everything you said in this video is very common here as well.
There's certainly a market for these kinds of services, but as the video presents, there are issues with worker treatment and simply how to make it sustainably profitable in the long run. The current business model for these services such as the cheap pricing, and fast delivery seems to be targeted at the general masses. Would changing it to have higher pricing and targeting at those who really need it be a more suitable approach towards running these kinds of businesses? Having a way for these services available in the long run can greatly benefit the quality of life for those who really need it.
6:25 which is so fine, the point is to have accessible stores on the streets and this accomplishes that perfectly
The more I watch this channel, the less I want to be in dumberica.
8:43 Second Thought mentioned ‼️‼️😤😤
Fun fact: САМОКАТ - Is actually cyrillic script and means "scooter". Surprisingly, you've pronounced it correctly.
It's worth noting that same-day grocery delivery is _already_ a thing in the Netherlands; various branches of Plus offer this at a surcharge, as their "express" service. This predates the existence of these "flash groceries" services.
Another point I would add is that these companies are using infrastructure that they contribute nothing to. They are happy to use bike-centered infrastructure to generate their profit. But they are not doing anything that would make the lives of their workers any easier, like advocating for more bike friendly infrastructure or donating to anti-car centric NGOs.  I recently wrote bike delivery services Lieferando and Mjam here to ask if they are doing anything to advocate for bike friendly infrastructure, but all I got was a non-answer. Not only are they exploiting their workers, they are also using public infrastructure for private gain. Bike delivery is no easy job, I've done it before. You're lucky if you even get the materials paid or provided for that you NEED to work (a bike and a phone with a data plan). And let's not talk about the fact that you do not get extra pay or adequate clothing even if you're freezing your bones off in winter. It is physically taxing and dangerous. Even more so when there is no appropriate infrastructure. Companies should be doing everything they can to make it easier for their workers, but god forbid it hurts their bottom line.
Yeah I'd be perfectly fine with same day delivery coming from a business park or similar non-customer-facing site. That way they can both offer a greater variety of things (since they don't need many small locations everywhere) and be located at places meant for such purposes.  Of course we'd still need to ensure people are paid reasonable wages, but same day delivery allows for the kind of economy of scale that flash delivery doesn't. At least, if your delivery area is big enough.
Here at Vientiane (Laos) foodpanda (a delivery service active in most of S.E. Asia) offers for (flash) delivery of groceries, through their pandamarts. (no public access). I have used it once or twice during lockdowns, but they have a limited selection, limited opening hours and slow delivery times. So I rather get some exercise and walk 7-10 minutes to access a 24 hour convenience store, a big supermarket, a fresh market and other convenience stores!
The sneering at markets little off putting.  It is still the market even if it's VC money and you think it's dumb. But at the end the day these companies have to pivot to profitability. If they fail they provided consumers with subsidized services, what a tragedy...  I am very grateful for companies like Uber, even with all their worts. Taxi companies in Canada were just awful prior to their arrival. Even Uber falls apart tomorrow consumers will have immensely benefited from improved standard of services. Sucks for the VC investor great for the consumer.
ya that makes sense. I think the service is good overall but the time constraint is bad. Just "delivery" from a normal store with an ambiguous "fast" delivery would be fine. Less pressure to be crazy fast, less stores needed because the distance could be a bit farther and slower because of it, and the stores would still be stores you could go into and shop. Grocery delivery is good. All the gimmicks on it are bad.
11:38 what's the name of the cat?
A whole bunch of these 10 minute delivery businesses disappeared from NYC about the time the U.S. imposed sanctions on Russia. Glad I never bothered with them as I'd hate to have blood on my hands from funding Putin's war machine.
Also, an important difference between these delivery services and actual grocery shopping is the shopping experience. As someone with autism, I find it very troublesome that grocery stores change their selection and placement on shelves. You're also way less likely to fall into the capitalism trap that is 'choosing' products that are on eye-level. Yes, delivery services also change their selection and where the placement is in the app, but the consequences of searching at the wrong place of the store are way less severe as everything is at the press of a thumb while you're laying on the couch anyway. Besides, not needing human contact is a massive advantage for people that do not like this large hurdle for the most mundane of life necessities, like milk. Unfortunately for communicatively impaired people, you need to still communicate in the form of a conversation instead saying what you want in an actual grocery store. There's no "excuse me..." in the search bar of an app. If there were no same hour delivery services, you'd have to get delivery 3 days in advance to avoid people. Yes you need to see the delivery people as well if you decide on using these services. But, I've worked at Gorillas and I can tell you that I, and not even my colleagues, gave a shit if a customer said nothing while receiving their order. Try that at a grocery store and you're thought of as impolite if you just say "Dolce Gusto coffee cups" with a straight face. Generally, I do not give a shit if my groceries are delivered or not. I just hate the fysical shopping experience as everything is built for being around people (as well as to exploit money from you). The benifits altogether cannot be understated.
Terry B got a shout out let’s go
The nearest grocery store is 3.3km uphill going, downhill return, on a major artery with two parking and two driving lanes. Buses, taxis, irritated drivers and all. The easier one os 5.2km distance also mostly upslope going but with a couple steep spots in the opposite way, notably the rap to the pedestrian bridge. It uses a combination of side streets and multi use paths. The grocery store parking lot in this latter is extra busy, large, and unclear about where the "roads" are. Saskatoon needs your wisdom.
I see delivery in under an hour as reasonable but to do so in 10 minutes or less doesn't appear reasonable for a major city if in Canada or the contiguous US.  Deliveries of food aren't so time sensitive for me as long as the food hasn't gone bad by the time it's been delivered to the lobby of the building in which I live (still a thing since covid hit Ontario's capital Toronto and the rest of that province in mid-March 2020).
Here in Finland we have Foodora and Wolt. Both do groceries but their main product is restaurant delivery. I don't order from them often, but they are really nice for ordering when i have guests over and I'm either cooking for them or ordering food directly. These services definitely have inflated demand due to cheap VC pricing, but there is also a real place for them at-cost for certain situations.
I love you man but dominos pizza slaps
face reveal at 3:00
We have apps like that here in Moscow but they occupy a really small niche in the market since we also have same-day delivery from conventional supermarket chains with access to almost their entire normal inventory with no markup, just a small flat service fee, and depending on how close the store is they can get your order to you in 1-2 hours.
can you do a video on mini stores at public transit hubs.
my god he shouted out second thought, actual power play.
That’s it. You criticize something in the Netherlands. You’ve made it. You’ve become Dutch. Full congratulations.  And because you’re Dutch, I can allow myself to criticize how you mentioning these delivery apps is oh so typical of a damn Amsterdammer!
Great stuff!  I can see it being super useful for stay-at-home parents or those with disabilities, or even when you're under the weather.  But naturally there's no idea that crony capitalism can't instantly ruin so I'm not surprised at the downsides.  We're suffering them wall with Uber and Grubhub.  Of course the big difference is that European regulators actually have teeth and spines where in the USA we have a revolving door conveyor between gov and business.  Today's oil company CEO is tomorrow's EPA head and vice versa.
meanwhile where i live you get in a car for a 30 minute each way drive once every couple of weeks and stuff it to the brim with bulk purchases because thats the most affordable way of shopping somehow
The first year I lived in the Netherlands, there was literally a market in my backyard.  The row house apartment where I lived had a courtyard behind it.  A building jutted into part of the courtyard.  That was the back half of the AH.  Now, back in the USA, the nearest market to me is 1 mile away (1.6 km), and the market I like to use is 4.4 miles away (7 km).  So now I have to drive.  I miss the hand scanners at AH too.   BTW, Domino's Pizza was founded by a far-right-wing religious guy who built a 25 story crucifix at his home in Michigan.
and when its 5 inches of snow then what? no cycling !
Thank God, I got worried for a sec that you would give some really dumb take about delivery being immoral. But I stand to be corrected, NJB does just not miss. Bomb the suburbs (jk unless? 👉👈). The only thing I find really cringe is people crying about darkstores, just require that people put the bikes inside if that upsets you, if they don't exist people will take their car to go shopping.  There is also no such thing as "worker exploitation" from a company, they are driven for profit, ONLY PROFIT. If you want rights then you either legislate them into law or make a union, if you can't do that you need to blame the goverment or potentially even the worker. I have never ordered groceries, YOU  want the low prices and these companies already have nonexisting profit margins
GoPuff started in Philadelphia!
all those issues could be solved by robots... people would not be exploited, period...
If these services save people getting in their SUV’s and driving to a store then I think they’re great as they use e-bikes
Have you been to Japan?
They did they in Sydney, Australia.. I think there was like 3 big names but last I heard they are failing.
I live in upstate NY, and due to a disability, I have to rely on Instacart for grocery. The most visible downsides are: Environmental pollution due to vehicle emission, surcharge due to spikes in gas price, 2-hr delivery window.
You used the phrase "tragedy of the commons" around 7:00. An interesting thing about that is that its origin is a lie. The Commons were managed fine by the Commoners in Britain; the idea of the tragedy of the commons was used to further enclosure, privatizing the commons, making people more reliant on the market and greatly benefitting those who could afford to invest in the former commons.
I once had a pizza delivered in 5 minutes.
great video as always
If society decides they don’t want these bikes clogging the streets and wanna outlaw it, then fine.  That’s a societal decision, but so-called “worker exploitation” isn’t real.  A labor agreement between one who pays money and one who provides services is entered into freely and without coercion.  Who are governments to limit what jobs a person may do?   If you wanna educate these contract workers  on what they are really making and their depreciation of their car (in the case of Uber) - that’s great.  Not allowing them to work a specific job?  I fundamentally disagree with that.  As with all “jobs” in a modern society, there are infinite other jobs with different pay rates competing for these workers who are the scarce resource.  If workers don’t feel they are appropriately compensated, they won’t work there.  Nobody is forcing these workers to do these jobs without their consent.
Unpopular opinion.  I like good public transportation systems, especially trains, however I don't get the idea why bikes are so praised by every urbanist. Sure, you want to get rid of cars as much as possible, but then you'll just have bike trafic jams and parking issues instead. In this video there are a couple of examples of this such as not being able to ride fast because of the slow general bike trafic and piles of bikes in front of the stores.  Also if you put four of those cool cargo bikes close together on the road, they will take as much space as a car, and will also require parking them somewhere. You just invented a car with extra steps.
Actually, the name самокат (samokat) is not as stupid as other delivery services, if you dig into it. Самокат means kick-scooter in Russian, as if the delivery guy only drives an electric scooter, which is not necessarily true, but still.
THE PIPELINE IS REAL!!!!
I do UberEATS delivery in my free time (using a car), doing delivery in Melbourne (Australia). The interesting thing is how convenient and fast it is to deliver groceries and food in inner suburbs (which are dense and walkable), compared to outer (car-centric suburbs). Even with a car, I can do 4-5 deliveries in an hour, adding parking and traffic, while outer suburbs are just shitty. No orders, long drive times, low pay, everything. No wonder I prefer staying in the inner suburbs of Melbourne, and fun fact, I have once delivered food taking a tram instead of my car (I parked it), and reached the destination in 5 minutes.
11:36 The amount of restraint it must've taken to shoot this "cat's out of the bag" visual and say NOTHING in the script is impressive.
It's quite heartening to hear workers being actively protected by legislation,  which is actively enforced.  There is so much dystopic thinking here, imported from the USA, with the fantasy of wild profits no matter the costs.
I'd love if my town had more good delivery options but man. I don't see the need to have almost anything in under 10 minutes. I'd be very happy to have 1-2 hour delivery.
Hey I’m case you weren’t aware, there is a address showing when u pull on an app. Hope this wasn’t an overseen mistake though I definitely trust this community to not be disrespectful
Small note. Flash delivery is ONLY avaiable in major cities. Not in small towns. But many cities want to ban these services, which to be honoust is kind of fair. Flash delivery goes sometimes hand in hand with speedy dangerous driving.
I honestly seriously don't understand why in the Netherlands it is illegal to drive a scooter moped, restricted to 25 kmph, without a licence and without a helmet, but it is still allowed to drive an e-bike without either. I honestly don't understand how these laws don't apply to 'motorised vehicle powering velocities over 25 kmph'.  Before e-bikes we had 'snorfietsen', which were still classified as some type of moped. Why are e-bikes different? Enforce helmet use and maximum speeds. And enforce licence requirements above 25kmph, if it is at all motor assisted, whether or not it's electrical.
saw a getir delivery to an apartment building which literally (legacy use of literally) has 2 super markets less than 100M from the buildings front door. hell deliveries to my building are insane and I live a 5 min walk away from 4 super markets, 6 for a 10 min walk and 10 in a 10 min bike. people are disgustingly lazy
Tell Americans they can have anything they want from Wallmart in under 10 minutes 24/7 and all of North America will be fixed within the decade 😂
you forgot something to add. We have a lot of nightshops (avondwinkels) in the netherlands which furfill the needs of flash stores in the way that they offer the same assortment. only these shops cant compete with the flash stores because of pricing etc.
W for communism
But muh cool, loud gas guzzling 800 horsepower big block v8 muscle cars
Great video. One note: not sure about anyone else but 9 times out of 10 I'd rather see literally any unrelated footage of The Netherlands than the most relevant stock footage you can find.
A service can be cheap and good but not fast, good and fast but not cheap or fast and cheap but not good. The fast and cheap version is the one that probably exploits it's workers.
I love the recent news where Uber Connect drivers are being used to pickup and deliver drugs without their knowledge. They’re not allowed to open the packages nor inquire what is in them so they are being used a drug mules to transport drugs from place to place. All Uber says is they prohibit shipping and transporting of illegal drugs. How on earth are you going to enforce that??
11:53 "Jasonstraat 69". Nice. Is that close to Slaughterdijk Station?
I suspect regular grocery stores like Albert Heijn and delivery services like Gorillas are going to meet in the middle somewhere. Albert Heijn will offer more and faster delivery, the delivery services will take up capital untikk there's none left and they have to find a sustainable way to do business, so either raise prices, reduce service or become a regular store.
Noone needs a grovery delivery within six minutes.
I was preparing to comment on a Tragedy of the Commons about 6 minutes in and then in a Flash you made my comment redundant.✅
People living in mix use zoning ordering grocery online. Why but why? It defeats the very purpose
Interesting note to 9:58 : End of last year the new government of Germany promised to rise the minimum wage from ~10€ to 12€ by the fall of 2022. And they also did so - today in Germany our minimum wage is 12€. This means Gorillaz knew already that min wage will rise so they just increased the wages a few months earlier to the upcoming min wage so they could say "Look we actually want to pay more, we're so nice". They were basically just bringing the new min wage a few months sooner.
It's a niche maybe seven companies competing in the Same niche is a bad idea, if the same ecosystem five or species would be going extinct.
This is the firstest world country rant I have seen you do hahahaha, greetings from the third world 🙋🏽‍♂
Great topic... maybe you should also come to the 'country' to explain the SRV wagen... 😁 It's a store in a truck that drives around neighbourhood so elderly etc can shop in front of their house.... Is that also a thing abroad? never saw one... but easy to miss... and different compared to the milkman etc...  https://youtu.be/SJ-ofG-OLvM
11:38 you might say... The cat is out of the bag on delivery services?
Love the Trashfuture and Second Thought shout outs
As someone with constantly worsening social anxiety, services like these are a lifesaver! I work from home so I don't even have the chance of just stopping by the store on my way home. I'm completely unable to convince myself to leave the house and go to those crowded places without a companion - haven't done anything like that in at least 1 year.
At first I was confused as to why Thuisbezorgd was not included... But then I realized that they do 'restaurant' (if you count things like Subway as a restaurant) deliveries
i live near 3 grocery areas, but they are all "super" markets that are encircled by massive parking lots and of course stroads. Plus bicycle parking is poor to non existent. Western North America has a LONG way to go.....
As someone with a disability, I use picnic (slower than the services mentioned, but still super convenient) allllll the time. Sometimes I physically cannot go to the store 5 mins down the road. My local driver even knows I have trouble with doing stuff, and she convinced her higher ups that my place is real inconvenient to get to so she can take 10 extra minutes to help me get my groceries put away (in exchange for a tip (which she's started refusing, but fuck you, you're getting it anyways), some snacks, a cold drink, kitty cuddles, and a nice chat) I use the faster services whenever I forget one or two things and I need them for whatever I'm doing at that moment. Usually eggs. I always forget eggs, and when I don't, I use too many.
Here in India you can get groceries, medicines, fresh veggies in under 10 minutes  Our flint is 'blinkit'
Waaay back in university in North America, when you order Pizza after the dinner rush, you could potentially pay the delivery driver to get you other things.
i hope this video also addresses the major safety issues on the road with these fast delivery bikes (written before watching the video as a dutch person who hates this)  not even halfway thru and my hope was already delivered
We used to have Deliveroo in Taiwan as well, but they dropped out years ago. Now it’s only UberEats and Food Panda, and both will let you combine orders from restaurants with picking up groceries from the two main grocery chains or even 7-Eleven and FamilyMart (there is one courier service that will deliver food, but not their main business). Though I haven’t used the grocery services and I don’t think there’s any dark storefronts for grocers, we have seen at least one chain of ghost kitchens popping up in Taipei, with one kitchen often acting as five different restaurants through collaborations with other chains (most recently IHOP). I do think there is a use for the service, especially for folks with disabilities, though pricing schemes and contracts with drivers need to be better worked out so that the cost of delivery is much clearer and drivers are paid well.
I think the only delivery services I have seen in the eastern part of  the province Overrijsel is Thuisbezorgd and Picnic.
There are like 10 different companies all burning money like there is no tomorrow trying to put everyone else out of business in NYC right now as well as a number of more established super markets offering same day but not instant delivery. During peak hours it is still pretty expensive and delivery takes longer than going to get it yourself but off peak it is wild how fast it is.
Honestly, promising a delivery time incompatible with the local speed limit & traffic flow needs to be considered false advertising.  (And selling services below-cost needs to be considered an antitrust violation, but that's a whole different, much bigger problem.)  The simple existence of these services is fine.  Homes consume goods, so it makes sense to have the distribution nearby, and it makes sense to put different forms of distribution on equal footing.  But having one facility open to the public as just a store, and another identical but separate facility just for delivery services, is absurd.  And consuming an entire storefront of street space, for just a door, is also absurd.  There are much more efficient ways to do this, than one company for actual stores and another for delivery.
I agree with this video.  What we've used, and which I see as a better alternative in a way, is to get those people that work there anyway and just let them buy the groceries in a regular store that exists anyway. This would obviously take way longer cause of queues and stuff, but it would also mean that those unused stores wouldn't take away space. We have a similar thing in germany, that works like that. I think it even has a sort of uber-like employmentship that just says anyone that registers can get other peoples stuff.  The protection of scam for the user is that they have to pay after checking what they recieved. The person buying can also say if they couldn't find some things and ask if you want alternatives. It's neat and might be a compromise. But as you said, is that really neccessary at all?
SECOND THOUGHT 🤘🏽You love to see it 🥲
Here in Canada, GoodFood implemented a similar service in November 2021, but the company shut down the service last week. The company was losing money. Also, those mini warehouses were a major incovenience for people living nearby because of all the delivery trucks delivering the goods to the warehouses. The worst part, GoodFood used Uber drivers in cars.. not bikes. The drivers were parking everywhere and going wrong way in one direction streets 🤦‍♀  Bloomberg - CityLab just published an article about dark stores in Paris.
ooh, second thought mention, nice!
Great topic, Jason. thank you for sharing. These flash delivery services have their place... Yeah, in history, maybe. As a footnote: that didn't work out in the end! No, I'm being too harsh here. It's just like you said, though: in most Dutch cities, we have supermarkets and convenience stores nearby enough that we can get our shopping done in almost as little time as such flash services. All we need to do, is get off our couch, hop on a bike and GET them.
If u are too busy or lazy to get ur own groceries then u probably wont cook it anyways...
Honest question: Why are so many people still wearing masks over there?  I'm getting the impression that, if not required, it seems to have become a standard fixture of life there.
Was that a cheeky trashfuture shoutout!?
I saw an article on BBC a month or two ago on the closing of Paris' delivery dark stores. I hadn't fully understood until now.
Yes, let the market sort it out. Dumb money is still a legal monetary transaction, therefore is part of the market. If the VC money ever runs out (which it will eventually), they will have to raise the prices. after the increased cost, the market will adjust itself according to the new demand structure. Either people still use the service (which will indicate value, maybe due to convenience), or they will stop, which most likely would cause locations to close down. Then other businesses might open instead (it shouldn't be so hard if we take into account the Netherlands' relative economic situation and the mixed-use devp'). Regulating use to this sort of resolution is just anti consumer demand. That said, the government should use regulations and laws against exploitative employment practices that fast delivery companies often employ. Attack exploitation, not the organic development of the urban landscape.
Hallo, in Prague (Czech Rep.) we have diferent types of these deliveries. Most of us spend their day at work and we don't need to have our groceries fast, but we want to avoid being stuck in line for cashier in a supermarket. So the delivery here has lockers on streets and they will deliver your order in to the locker, they'll text you it's there and code to unlock the shelf. Than when you go from work, you basicly just stop by pick it up and take it with you. Most interestingly these lockers started tu pop-up even in small villages where you realy need to have a car to go to any kind of shop what so ever so it works without the "dump money" you talk about.
Wish I knew about this when I was in Amsterdam.  Several stores wouldn't take card making it very annoying to get anything.  Could have just had things delivered to the hostel
Would love to see the regulars on this channel, (sustainable and pedestrian infrastructure, city comfort and the like), being examined from an explicitly left perspective.  Love the work, keep it up, you're doing great !
In Russia delivery is booming. There're Samokats riding past my windows all the time. Their fulfilment centre is a 3-minute walk from my home (in an inconspicuous backyard). And I can see them quite a lot too when I'm out. There are a few supermarkets within a 5-to-10 min walk from my home, two are visible from my flat. They belong to three different retailers and have their delivery services too. And I can't understand why I should need them cuz I can up and walk and be back home in 20 minutes with my purchases. Or do it on the way home which happens more often. Or I can have my kids do the shopping (I did the shopping as a kid too since age 7). I see no point in paying for delivery.   Some places offer packing services. You make an order online and drop in to get your packs. No waiting in line. You only pay (or pre-pay) for the goods.  I order a delivery from restaurants only. Sometimes I can make an order at work then drop in the restaurant on my way home to pick the food up myself. Delivery is usually free, but "self-pick-up" can be faster, especially Friday evenings.  Peace ☮️
We have very fast (although usually not 10 minute fast) grocery delivery here in Japan too. But it doesn’t cause any issues. Why? Because they have pre-existing warehouses literally everywhere in the form of convenience stores, which sell many of the basic grocery products.
Too many bicycles is not a good argument. So are we saying bicycles work when very few people use it? However I agree that if you want the convenience of delivery service, you have to pay extra. You may be sick, you may have to stay at home with a sick child, you may be too busy to leave the house.. But in those cases you should be able to afford the premium for the delivery. Too much money distorts all kinds of industries. Economics Explained channel had a video about this but I cannot remember the link.
When the market runs into me I block that market.  Lyft and Uber have infested our streets in CA through extra traffic, double parking, unsafe driving, et cetera.  I most definitely dawdle (legally) as I use my streets until I catch them slipping...as almost all of them do.
In real London, these delivery riders often wizz around on illegal de-restricted ebikes. Not the best to be honest.
I just want to let you know that Gorillaz I started up here in the UK certainly in my own town of Leicester but only offering chocolate those with moped or car licences
I ride for Gorillas and I deliver to customer in 1min walking distance to a Discounter at least once per shift. Also curious that Deliveroo left Germany as well after suspiciously similar circumstances. Also² quarantined customer made up a significant number when I started and luckily those numbers have decreased to barely any at all. (Lucky for the general public and patients, not so lucky for the company losing a target group)
You say the market doesn't work for these services, but you should revisit this topic when the VC money is gone. They might now exist; the rate hike is destroying them.
"Raised its wage to 12€ in Germany" That's the minimum wage.
These popped up in NYC during the Pandemic and they’re everywhere now taking up retail space to create small fulfillment centers and delivered by bike or e-bike.
just wanna say dial a bottle has been around for decades and is well advertised. my local one is fully licensed
Well, but can you get a bag of milk with Gorillas?
I love your videos and am a support on Patreon, but this one just feels like an old man ranting about kids having it too easy these days.
Great video! Solid content as usual. I love the way you are able to us cycling as a lens to analyze all aspects of societal efficiency!
Consider cumulative trauma injuries to the bodies of personnel from carrying or pushing heavy loaded equipment or continuous stress on all parts of the body.
In the UK we have same day delivery for Tesco's (the UK's largest supermarket chain). Amazon do same day delivery free for prime users (when you spend over £40) giving you a 2hr window (that you choose) for the delivery. Aldi, COOP, Morrisons, ASDA all have deliveroo deliver the groceries. The prices are often more than you would pay in store (apart from the same day delivery from Tesco). By utilising existing stores it doesn't end up with the goast store issue. But having spoken with staff at the stores they are now expected to serve customers and also pack deliveries for online orders.
We have Getir and possibly some other ones in Chicago.  I'm not sure if the service is any good here because I just walk to Jewel.
Did Uber, Lyft. Best was LA Bites, a catering delivery service, where you could actually make decent money. They were bought out, though. All these companies are exploitive, and judging from what I've read, none of them actually go into profit (LA Bites did.) It's a weird world.
Great to see you give Second Thought a shoutout! His work is very informing and extremely important. I'd love to see a collab between you guys if possible...
Самокат is actually 'Scooter' but in russian. I used to enjoy their service before, you know, war happened.
can you make a video about how to FIX america? i live in oklahoma and our two biggest cities, oklahoma city and tulsa, are just god awful walkability wise and i kinda dont see how we can rid this place of car dependence?
5:00 childrens? are you sure you're canadian?
It takes more time on the appie hein or plus app to find everything you need and ordering it then to just go there, get it yourself and go home again.  They are really only usefull when you can not leave your home for one reason or another. But how often does it happen you can't go out for 15 minutes?
cute dog at 3:10
Maybe setting the minimal delivery time promise to 20 or 30 minutes by law might help with worker's rights and traffic risks?
Here in Vienna we have mjam and lieferando, incredibly silly names indeed 😂!
Here in London we have Getir (which I've always thought was pronounced as "get 'ere"), Zapp and Gorillas. Getir use electric motorbikes here for some reason. And of course we have regular grocery stores delivering using small diesel trucks. The most interesting recent development is Zoom, who are attached to a conventional grocery store but use cargo bikes and offer same-day delivery, pretty much filling that gap mentioned in the video.  Despite all that, the quickest and easiest way to get some groceries is still to walk the 300 metres to my nearest mini grocery store, and if they don't have what I want to walk another 400 metres to a larger grocery store.
Your channel is necessary. Thank you for the content!!!
I find 10 minutes a really hard target which in my experience never gets fulfilled. (Usually, it takes them 20 minutes for me at least) I would also be fine with getting it in up to let's say 3 hours. Of course that wouldn't work for situations where you actually forgot something for the meal you intend to cook rn. Maybe these companies could make the default 3 hours and if you pay an express fee you get it in 15 minutes. (Obviously that fee should be high enough to encourage the longer waiting unless absolutely required fast.)
6:25 tbh it bothers me less if dark stores are turned into regular stores accessible to the public. At least it's a "real" shop, not just a warehouse.
This was a very interesting look at the pros and cons of "progress". great work!
Delivery’s go gas gas gas on bike :D
11:29 Chekhov's Cat & Bag
They also work great in college towns for obvious reason.
I mean, there is nothing wrong with flash delivery. If there was a way to use some sci fi teletransportation device to deliver goods instantly, that'll be good too. For the question 'How fast should delivery be?' The answer is: 'As fast as technology allows it, while being sustainable for an ethically compliant company and beneficial for a community'. Great video.
Definitely not for just lazy people. When I came back to Canada after living abroad for a minute,  I had to rely on grocery delivery services. I eventually got a membership and rely on it heavily because I work multiple jobs from home so without it I would starve!
I wish the US had these issues 😂
Hey we shop at the same Appie!
Getir has been very big in Boston for at least a year now, see them everywhere, haven’t tried using them yet though.
The closest I've seen in the US (NH) is stores like Shaw's, Walmart, Target or Hannaford having in-store shoppers. You still have to go pick it up, but skip the whole "spending a large chunk of the day walking around a big box store" part. I've read up on those jobs while on the hunt and really it feels like management will throw you to the wolves if there aren't any orders to fill.  As far as getting the groceries to the customer within 10 minutes: yeah that's a bit much, but at least within 20 or 30 should be the standard. I'm mostly thinking about perishables when I say this: dairy, deli, meats, cold beverages. I doubt those kinds of places actually carry some of things, though.
I'm currently working as a Rider for Flink in Hannover, and I have to say it's pretty good here. I have an unlimited contract, with paid vacation, bilateral one-month notice period, get paid 12€ per hour and get to keep 100% of my tips. There is a little bit of pressure, but not so much that it's stressful or makes me put myself in dangerous situations in traffic.
It would be nice to see if physician/ medical doctor in those kind of times. That's the only thing where I can think of emergencies that urgent
One girl I knew Ubered a bottle of vodka and it was £25, literally over double supermarket price. It's so expensive
But does anyone force those people to work for these "exploiting" companies? I guess not if they did have employees.
I feel like these services sort of exploded during the lockdowns. And I'm pretty sure lots of them hope to eventually get bought out (for a handsome profit) by the biggest player (Getir).
I hate people who want to let the "market" decide.
We have curbside pickup here that keeps me out of the stores which has been great during COVID-19. I use the stores that allow walker and bicycles to use the service.
It must be pretty cool being able to go to school every day without the fear of being yeeted by a 2 ton piece of metal at 40km/h.
I live in DE PIJP and there is no grocery stores open after 10 p.m. Moving from Texas where I had a 24hr Walmart and a few drive through restaurants is the only thing I miss.
Damn, shots fired at Dominos
never thought i'd see terry b in a NJB video :D when are you doing your hotline with terry? :)
You should also ask the delivery people about their living situation.  Often they are immigrants (from other parts of Europe), and because of these shady contracts (e.g. 0 hour contracts), they can't find accommodation.  Not to mention, there's a lot of racism, particularly against Polish people, and eastern europeans.  So even if they have a decent contract, they can't find accommodation.  I tend to think of this as well off Dutch people who use these services regularly, like the convenience, but are unwilling to accept the people who provide the services in society. Can't only blame the companies for everything.
1:09  Heeeey, they're not stupid, not all of them :)) _Getir_ is the Turkish for "bring / deliver here". _Samokat_ (Самокат) is the Russian for "kick scooter" and literally means "self-roller"... It's cool you pronounced it right 👍 Well, the rest don't seem to make any sense in any language I can think of :))
These delivery services are one of the few large commercial enterprises with a vested interest in improved cycling infrastructure in cities. As a political lobbying force, I think they are a net benefit to cyclists. And, even if they don't directly campaign for better cycling facilities, their presence on roads and streets have has an indirect effect of a) making cyclists visible to road users; and b) highlighting obvious gaps in burgeoning inner city bike networks.
As a pedestrian I hate these delivery cyclists more than words can describe. I'm walking across a pedestrian crossing they jump the red blasting past me, I'm on the pavement and once again they blast past me, they use illegal e-bikes, none of the rules of the road or cyclepath or footpath apply to them.
i worked for one of those stores. mainly students ordered there. and ofcourse lots of pizza and alcohol. aslo was closed on the order of the local governement.
I think there at least 25 online grocery services in the Philippines. None offer 10 minute delivery. Tried once and it took 6 hours. Not really our family's thing since we go to the supermarket ourselves.
The "so and so are leaving this country because of work laws' headlines should be red flags for people in countries where these companies still operate.
Living in a medium-sized, not that well connected German city, I had the same reaction throughout this video "ah yes, what a problem this must pose for people living in urban areas", even though I live in Ulm in a super urbanized area... the problem is just that it's Ulm, a small-ish city that doesn't have this infrastructure. So I feel like we are getting the worst of both worlds (Ulm, btw, is much too car-friendly, and way not bicycle-friendly enough).
I just want to say 'samokat' means 'scooter' in Russian, literally means 'self rolling' and doesn't sound stupid :)
Unfortunately, these services provide jobs for people who can't or won't get a job anywhere else.   When these companies go out of business, many of these people won't be able to find other jobs.    They aren't self-starters, they won't punch a timeclock or get into a uniform.  Many of the people that I see are well into their 50's and 60's with no retirement options.     Most of the time they are smoking in the car with you or your food, not that I care, I used to smoke, and it doesn't bother me, but plenty of other people don't like it all.   I'm not even saying that having jobs is what is best for people, this is just the world we live in now and if you don't conform to some level of professionalism in the workplace, you don't get into the workplace, and the almighty dollar is ruling the show at the moment.   These giant corps and government agencies know exactly what they are doing.  They are misanthropic psychopathic satanic dominators.  They seek nothing but human misery from every angle.  All the food is poison, and all the jobs are scams.
10min or even within an hour is for my needs most of the time actually not needed at all. if i would use those services it would just want to have it within the next 8 hours or so. or in the evening in the next 4 hours. simply because sometimes you are just busy and still want to have something.  i did look up what products gorillas have and nope, almost all products i would never buy, not even if i would go to the supermarket myself. In general for everything, same day delivery is enough, does not need to be faster. if you need it faster you can always go yourself :D  and i'm someone who has its office like 3min walking away from a supermarket, so going there, buying something and coming back in 10min is totally possible and i always did that.
Great video about the pop up start up companies that don't last.  Was all the more better when I got an ad for Uber as the video finished.  Haha
Cargo ebikes are great !   Haul groceries, kids or other products. There needs to be a variety of ebike types built with different storage capabilities.
Did they deliver in 10 minutes? No... they delivered in 6 minutes!😡... 😆
Never tried these services. Any of them do 24/delivery?
5:35 are you sure this face reveral was intended?
My local grocery store did a pilot flash delivery before all these companies started popping up. It definitely has it uses, beyond people wanting beer & chips; think surprise periods or a heavy cold. I tried it maybe 3 times but those 3 times I otherwise had to ask friends or family to please go run to the grocer for me.
The problem I see with these flash delivery riders, is that they all have electric bikes, and unlike recreational riders, they are all in a hurry. I have been hit and knocked down by delivery riders three times this year whilst walking on the sidewalk. And because they are electric and are also carrying a load, they pack a punch, almost like being hit by a small vehicle. And each time it was in pedestrian only area, and not a shared path. Sadly, I ended up in hospital twice. And because you don’t know who they are, there are no consequences, and you can’t sue them. I think Cities should enforce flash delivery riders to display a number like a license plate.
Awesome to see a shout out to Second Thought.  His channel needs to be seen by more people.  He covers so many topics, usually about capitalism.
This is a problem I would love to have were I live.
I agree there is probably a place for these services. I live alone and my health is questionable, but luckily there are supermarkets close by and I can get help from family. I don't need 10 minute delivery, but planning several days in advance with a minimum order of like €70 is even more stupid in my case. I've not had to rely on these services yet, but I've definitely considered it
Domino's tried that back in the day and just ended up with drivers killing pedestrians to get the food delivered on time.
I would be interested in a video about high-speed e-bikes (speed pedelec). I can help you with a lot of knowledge about the financial side, my personal experience and maybe even more
We really need to « just » to slow down 😅
I live in gd Colorado USA and I wish I had this man's problems.
"exploiting employees" You mean giving people jobs that they can leave at any time they see fit? At will employment? Oh, I forgot, good companies never "exploit" employee's. Good companies shower employee with free stuff because that's just what good companies do. Ignore the profit part.
in the end they are all unsustainable business models burning VC money, just think of how many people a single supermarket cashier services in 10 minutes, compares to the amount of customers a gorillas driver and packer will handle pure start up bro shit fighting labor movements until the people in charge make of with a golden parachute non of us will make in their lifetime.
They're a damn plague. They can only be this fast by ignoring every single frikking traffic rule, and they're on e-bikes
"unfair advantage" What are you? 12? "Wah wah, life isn't fair!"
I just want you to think about the people working for those gig/uber food delivery when you celebrate that a law passed making these companies’ practices illegal. I am self employed Wolt partner(that’s like doordash in Eastern Europe) and in my country there is now a court case against Wolt that aims to make all of us employees of the company (possibly retroactively) and make the “partner” model illegal. For all my life I worked hourly at minimum wage  mostly doing deliveries. At one workplace my employer give me a raise of 1 euro per hour after a year(I must have earned it). But Wolt changed my life, now after expenses and taxes I make triple as much as I made with hourly salary. This gave me the flexibility to start studying, I have a class mid day but I can work before or after it, it’s my choice. Now I earn enough to not live from bill to bill. I can actually buy stuff that I want, I can go on vacation. And I know from other delivery guys that many of them had a similar change in their life. I know that the practices of these companies are bad, but people working low wages hourly don’t get much better “benefits”. Everyone working for near minimum wage is absolutely being exploited. And I promise you that when deliveroo left the Netherlands and Spain thousand of people who had an amazing change in their life suddenly lost it all. Just think about the next time you celebrate some legal triumph over the evil gig economy
now we want to hear you speak a little dutch :P
Hi
I stopped studying for midterms to watch this
10 minutes is too fast!! How can you enjoy your coffee, tea or beer after you posted the order? You don't want halfway your drink to stop to open the door.
A dark store not open to public thats just like a lot of offices or other businesses?
Yeah we have shit toon of them in Serbia. 99% using bicycles but some use motor bikes. It is also true for us that they drive unsafe. Once when I was in city center (Only pedestrian traffic and bike) The delivery driver zoomed by dodging like 10 people at same time riding like they were from matrix. But again these delivery services only deliver done food and not groceries. I have no idea if grocery delivery exists here other than the deliveries offered from our supermarkets, those are at this point 10-15 years old.
"The purple ones won't make it to Youtube" More people on Nebula should differentiate their videos like this. I can pretty much never be bothered to watch anything by Youtube channels on Nebula because i don't wanna search through everything and compare to first find something that seems interesting and then also check if it's also been on Youtube.
In Bangalore, India there are similar services that deliver in 20 minutes. They use motorbikes/mopeds instead of bicycles and have more items and varieties than a typical grocery store. All the companies are coked out on VC cash as well and with the amount of growth in India, there seems to be no end to the funding.  But all the companies are Indian so that's great i guess.
Shoutout to Second Thought!
I used Flint and Gorillas when I had Covid, but their stock is very limited and the prices aren't competitive with the supermarkets we have here. One of them is about 150m away and open til midnight. That convenience is hard to beat.  With regards to regulations, I think efforts should focus on enforcing labor laws. I would imagine that wearing these heavy, boxy backpacks for hours gives riders back pain. That is on top of all the other exploitative shit these companies do. I'm not to worried about the blacked out storefronts because I assume that the same kind of consolidation that happened to food delivery will happen here as well. I think we can live with one blacked out store front per neighborhood. Maybe give cities some control where this is, but forcing them out to industrial areas means many of them will switch to vans instead of bikes.
Gorillas offering 12€ in Germany... So minimum wage? How generous...
I work as a grocery delivery driver, but not flash delivery. Most of our customers are young families. Which is logical with how little time they have. I think there should be more regulations on it though. There is no reason for us to go through very tiny streets in city centres. At least it's less about laziness and more about time saving since you have to order like a day before.   Even this is not profitable yet, but it will be most likely. Flash delivery will never be profitable without raising the prices a ton.
Hah i work for a corporate Domino's store in Groningen. Amsterdam's stores were nearly shut down by health agencies because they were ran so poorly. They've now been taken over by Corporate and should already be quite a bit better. It's surprising how much of a difference there is per Domino's store in quality.
It' too bad if you are home bound or dis abled given the number of single households and aging population.Losing a service that could not only do deliveries but also check ins.Would be worth trying to keep as sleazy as you think they are. Every job I've ever worked at if your employer wasn't making money off you ...one of two things happened, they went out of business or they got rid of you. In both scenarios you are out income.
This recalls memories of Foodora leaving Canada in 2020 after Ontario ruled its workers were employees. Someone close to me worked for them in another province at that time, and they were forced out of work because of Foodora's withdrawal. The practice of abandoning a market as soon as labour rights are granted is slimy af, and I appreciate that you're calling it out!
Great video as always. However I'm not convinced by the point that the deliverers take up too much space on the bike paths. The groceries they're delivering would eventually get to the recipient's home one way or the other, having them delivered by cargo bike probably reduces traffic overall.
And writing their own loopholes into labour laws like they did in California. The state law AB5 still exists, but it doesn't apply to Uber and Lyft. Because they paid millions to put an exemption for themselves on the ballot and won.
Whats with all the stupid names, I don’t feel right getting milk and eggs from ‘gopuff’ or ‘gorilla’s’. Like could you picked a more goofy name
Getir and gopuff are in Chicago!  Never used them, so can't speak to their delivery speed
These companies, gadgets economy etc, are exploiting young people, students and immigrants in very bad way..
Services like these make me really sad, because from an accessibility standpoint it's great to have this type of thing for people who are disabled, but then capitalism just makes it so unethical and terrible in execution...
70 minutes for grocery delivery?!? I see no problem with that.
9:09 what is "werkgeversverantwoordelijkheid" ? A word or someone fell onto keyboard... 🤣🤣🤣 . I don't know what that mean.. but it seems serious... 🤣🤣🤣
Groceries delivered to your home should be an exception, not the norm. Especially if it is within a walkable distance. Don't be a lazy ass.
4:49 oh poor corvids 🐦
I was once onboard with these delivery services popping up all over the place, but enough casual conversation with your Uber drivers really puts into perspective how they profit off their opaque cost model. Here in the US, I'm not too concerned with the zoning and safety issues because we're already meant to make do with abysmal urban design, which means the only thing really left to complain about is the labor exploitation. Just this past weekend my driver complained about how they were previously able to see how much each ride cost but was recently disabled, then went into detail about how she accepted a 30-minute, 26-mile ride right before ours that netted her maybe $5 (which CLEARLY did not account for depreciation, maintenance, and fuel costs). There's a number of shady dealings happening here that these apps don't tell their "employees," and unfortunately for a select number of them, this is either a livelihood or paying for something important. In her case, it was helping put kids through college and paying for the car she drove us in.  These things push me away from using these apps, but also, remember that drivers are given 100% of the money you tip. More often than not, it makes their day. On one ride, my driver was a college student worried about not being able to make a dinner with her friends because she had to take another hours' worth of rides just to pay for it and by then it would've been too late, so I tipped her to make sure she stopped driving that night and (hopefully) be with them. Another driver was paying for medical bills for a family member going through chemotherapy, and another was paying for funeral services for a recently deceased loved one. Everyone has their circumstances and their reasons for doing what they do, but as long as you're using these services AND have the means, I would urge anyone to pay it forward with your drivers when they are courteous and friendly towards you. As for the woman above, she got enough tip from us to offset the BS $5 profit on that previous trip, and likely other trips before that.  As much as I hate seeing these companies win, I think it's worse when hardworking people lose.
This honestly just feels like a NIMBY rant. "I don't like it when this shop opens! It clogs up the street! After all, these shops are run by [insert evil demographic]!" Let people decide what they want.  And you can't just call a market distorted because VC money is in it. VCs ARE market participants. They contribute to the market. Literally only the government can distort the market through regulation and taxes. If you are bothered by worker abuse, then regulate labour laws, don't stomp the market down.
Loved the focus on labor this episode.
So, I live in Berlin. Don’t really use these much, but my roommate does. He loves to cook and often decides halfway through that he needs this and that ingredient. Orders it and it’s here by the time he needs it. Of course, with some better foresight it probably wouldn’t be necessary, but he’s a busy guy and it’s a situation we’ve all been in. He also says there’s a lot of stuff on there you can’t get in Aldi, our local supermarket. Especially in terms of specialty ingredients 🤷🏻‍♂️
I believe governments should legislate around the bad parts, rather than banning them outright: * Don't look how the store looks: make laws about street appearance, there are already plenty of fake buildings in cities and no-one is complaining * If workers are treated unfairly: make sure the contracts are the same * Drivers causing accidents: Add a special qualification/licence that drivers have to get This way it will also prevent problems in the future, when it is something like clowns on demand, rather than groceries.
I'm from Barcelona and although, apparently. we have Gorillas and Getir (with limited coverage) I've never seen their delivery bikes. Personally I don't see the point, even in most niche cases, as in most of the city yu have so many supermarkets and small grocery stores that it's not  necessary. I, for example, have a big supermarket across the street (Bonpreu), another one 50m on the left (Consum), Aldi 100m to the right, a big fresh food market 300m away (with a Lidl below it) and quite a few small grocery stores that are open every day of the year, some even 24h. If you want a delivery made most supermarkets have an online delivery option that will arrive from the nearest store (most just deli n foot with a crates trolley) and you can always use Amazon (they work with Dia supermarkets). There are, of course, plenty of food delivery options.
Given how close it was to stores wherever you where when i was in Delft a few years ago, I don’t see any use of these delivery services, at least for me. Unless I’m sick and have run out off things to eat at home.
I LOVE THIS MAN I LOVE NOT JUST BIKES
8:06 Why communism is better than capitalism in a nutshell.
You mentioned speed in this video. What would you say is the generall speed in bicyclelanes in the Netherlands?
The amount of traffic they generate is minimal because a rider going from the store to your house and back is the same as you going to the store and back. The difference is when you go to the store on the way to somewhere else. The same applies to parked bikes outside their stores as those simply replace the parked bike you would have left outside another store. Even if they make the delivery times longer, they will still try to exploit the workers as much as possible and make them do as many deliveries per shift as possible. Overall I agree with you that they should remain, but labor action and regulation should ensure good working conditions.
They should just make all these dark stores publicly accesible so we have more local stores :).
What we learned is that "gig" workers don't really make money.  As a lyft driver, it was ok at first with frequent bonus and surge pay.  But, as time went by, and my car's needs grew, the need for commercial driving insurance (if a driver had it) became apparent, I would discover I was losing money.  My tax preparer would point this out as well.  My friend, a certified public accountant, also noticed that gig workers never ended their year in green.  In the USA, an independent contractor is required to pay estimated income tax...four times per year.   I don't know that many lyft driver complied with those requirements.  Lyft also offered this "cash now" payout option and took a percentage for that privilege.  Gig work is a fools errand.
This video is a great reminder that just because European capitalism is LESS exploitative than American capitalism, it's still inherently exploitative.
Minutes, my butt. Here in Amsterdam (IJburg) only 1 of them is available, and the time to delivery is 3 hours or longer. I could crawl to the store and back 5 times in that timespan. They don't have enough people or the available people have more lucrative delivery jobs to pick from.
of course there are problems. and 10 minutes delivery is uneccesary. but the physical investments in cargobikes, and the R&D for solutions of their logistical problems. Will benefit a city in the long term. I think with the average age going up in the Netherlands, delivery for elderly people can be improved, also pharmacydeliveries, there are so many ideas to make delivery more convenient/cheaper/and sustainable that will benefit from this. and also Amsterdam oud zuid of your example is different then less accessible neighborhoods in Amsterdam. I live in zuidoost Amsterdam, where its good to have a delivery service on bikes for safety, or because there is nothing better for now. Dutch cities are maybe now the most bike friendly cities, but with electric bikes, cargobikes, light electric vehicles instead of mopeds, there needs to be a lot to be done differently again.  different bike lanes for different speeds, could be necessary. it's a work in progress
How is it possible? I worked at flink, as a Rider and Rider Captain. It's awful, you have to drive always, no matter the conditions of the bikes or the store, the rain clothes get never washed unless on of the boss slaves like me were doing it, without seeing money for it. The pressure is super high, if you need over 10 minutes even on your first day you probably won't do it long there. It's awful. And I didn't just work 1 month there...
The idea you can get actual groceries from a convenience store, however limited the selection, sounds awesome. In the US you can only get candy, jerky, beer, soda or lotto stratchers from convenience stores. If you're really lucky, they'll have hot dogs and pizza under a heat lamp.
How about we find a balance of America needing a costco because of poor urban planning & these 10 minute deliveries?
I only see this niche work in the long term as an extension of local supermarkets and ubereats/thuisbezorgd. On the supermarket's website you can choose rather than a regular delivery to have a highly marked up express delivery. There will always be people who want an extra crate of beer late in the evening who'd be willing to pay for this
imagine getting your shopping done while queing for a BF4 game XD
I don't think I'd ever actually use a delivery service like this. It seems like the kind of thing that's bad for everyone except the shareholders. It's even bad for the customer because it gives them unrealistic expectations and distorts the market. If I actually could live somewhere that I can just walk or bike to get groceries, then I'd do that. Walking and biking are good for you.
Just today a Gorillas driver crashed with his bike close to my workplace. Sooner or later someone will end up dead because of these crazy delivery times. They constantly ignore traffic light or crosswalks and so on just to deliver their stuff as soon as possible. Sorry for my bad English
Not Just Based
Why does Domino's want to beat a poor raven :( In fact, 19 of them.
Its great Help for people with disabilities. Apart from this it doesnt solve any problem but makes our cities more lifeless. My best guess it that Most of these companies will be gone as fast as they appeared because they are burning a lot of money.
What if, delivery app specifically for beer/spirits and gas station food. I mean, when you're in the mood for beer or spirits you of course have this weird feeling to eat something greasy/salty. Just keep it at that niche and have like a budget to give set hours for each week so you're employees can stay consistent, pay expenses, and have some extra money for emergencies. Sometimes you don't need to scale all the way to 100% but doing things at 15% and providing a decent reliable and ethical service is a lot better than nothing at all.
I don’t know of anything near this quick here in Billings, MT. It’s wild to think that I could place an order and have it at my door in six minutes. The closest we have is maybe DoorDash and UberEats with their grocery delivery, but you’ll end up paying out the ass for delivery and you’d be lucky to get it within an hour.  I live a few blocks from a grocery store, so I can hop on my e-bike and be there and back faster than it would take for a delivery driver to even pick up the order.
grocery's have time pressure if lets say you want to cook something but don't have the ingredients
It’s like micro mobility - doesn’t have any real use in an area where it makes sense financially to have it. But once a month it’s so convenient that you don’t even feel bad to use the service.
Getir is all over boston now
Instead of totally banning it should be limited. There has to be a balance between the people living there and the people working there where the people living there aren't inconvenienced by the people working there. The venture capitalist don't give a fuck though they'll happily ruin an environment as long as they can turn a profit and stay behind the scenes.
I walked by a darkstore pair of competitors in Hamburg, the area didn't seem better for it.
i absolutely hate these services their staff is a major nuicanse in traffic, not just because they are forced to rush but also because they are annoying to overtake with how wide their luggage racks can be. (and how incompetent their drivers are)
quite the lazy people nowadays due to simple payment delivery. i notice them alot around bussum but sometimes where i live in huizen i see a jumbo car across my street when literally 2 minutes walk is a bloody jumbo.... i mean in the time it took that person to order those things they could of gone to the shop and have it done. for small emergency i get it since many things a gas station wont provide, but that comes down to the poor planning of the person not making sure they get what they need for the week. the dutch also did the dominoes 30min or free but that never lasts long in a country where when someone's says free they dont really mean it but when they do, the dutch are all over it and i dont blame em XD
Love the Terry B reference
I wish I could bike to the store, but since I live in the US, you gotta go through Car based streets (That are more like roads, but I hesitate to call those ones stroads) and a super steep hill for me since that's just where I live. I had to take constant breaks if I wanted to carry a single box of soda cans up the hill during summer! I want things to be better, but thanks to people's insistence on using cars, even if they live in the city they're going through, things aren't changing anytime soon...
I live in Amsterdam but there isn't an normal supermarket nearby
Personally if I need groceries and can't leave, I'm fine with waiting a few days for the supermarket.
> banned mopeds from bike paths a few years ago  I wish it was enforced though. These are so unpleasant and dangerous.
I'm sure it's all a big coincidence that all these "emergent" business models originating from the Silicon Valley happen to be built around bringing back 19th century labor exploitation but with cute modernist brand design this time
10:41 This bag joke needs some attention
I live in Moscow and all these stories about workers' exploitation sound very familiar to what happens in my city with food delivery, taxi services. And food delivery couriers union activist actually got in jail, just after company cut salaries by 33%, so that's a bummer.
The US needs to eliminate as much private vehicle travel as possible. Focus on public neighborhood to neighborhood routes or neighborhood to downtown. You also need to zone houses near this contact point to be light commercial (bars, a small amount of service shops like hair or automotive), and demolish a few houses to open up the roadways so they aren't a maze
Living in Naarden, a small city close to Amsterdam those flashdeliver services are not availeble but with enough stores at walking or cycling distance its not something I miss. Having a great choice of hot pizza’s, burgers and you name what delivered in a hour is amazing enough for me already 😅
The only problem: people who order those services, who write bad reviews the moment their food is 5 minutes late are the same people who fight against bike lanes.
In Houston, Tx we have grocery delivery that is marketed as taking an hour, such as Instacart from HEB. I've never tried it, though.
what about thuisbezorgd?
I actually like Dominos, their pan pizza is quite nice.
Bicycle based delivery - Good Grocery delivery that reduces burden on less mobile individuals and caretakers - Good "Flash" delivery - Probably a bridge too far.  Same day bicycle based delivery with delivery time windows  would probably be the sweet spot.
When you finish watching the video, go to the next video, but then come back, because you forgot to like and leave a comment.  #algorithm
MUUUURICAAAA !!!! 😂 I love your videos just laying out the truth. Please keep it up !
Jason, your shot at 5:42 is such a masterpiece that captures the zen of Amsterdam.
Great topic, great explanation!
Here in Novi Sad, Serbia, there is so many of these dudes racing through the bike lanes and over the sidewalks you have to try really hard not to get in their way or even get hit by them when walking... Or driving a car...
How come some of the comments are 1 day old while the video was published one hour ago?
Saw this at 420 views and it’s Dutch.. nice
Now you're even mentioning second thought!!!   That's it! I demand a collaboration!!!  Or at the very least a shout-out back!!! 😤
This is the era of the Gilded Ache.
I am so glad you approached this subject on objectively unattackable grounds, and ended on a definite anti-capitalist note. Amazing video
I have a problem with the labeling of gig economy as exploitation. In my country there is a food delivery service (called "wolt") which pay their delivery people per delivery. If those delivery people work hard enough they can MORE THAN DOUBLE minimum wage.   So they don't get pension benefits, they need to own and maintain their own bike and they take a small risk because there might not be a lot of demand for deliveries in their area at a certain day. But they are not exploited. And if work conditions were bad,. delivery people will just stop working for wolt. They have a choice, they are not exploited.   Another thing. Even with "Dumb Money" considered, letting the market decide is still the right choice. Dumb Money is simply a marketing strategy and as mentioned is not sustainable. Dumb Money will eventually run out and market forces will continue working best.
I work for one of these companies in Germany. It is a stressful job for sure. We are understaffed and underpayed. I would quit right this moment if I could find a job with my bad German lol.
5:40 mixed use? Whats that (from the USA)?
Comrade NotJustBikes 💪!!!
I really don't need sub hour delivery. I would be more than happy for same day delivery and I would happily use the typical supermarket delivery service if they offered same day delivery, Which would also be great for everyone, as their employees could just continue to be paid a decent wage and have benefits, at most the supermarkets would just need to hire a couple of extra people, but they would make more money to so win-win.
Another great video!
I hear that friends like the fast delivery in case they have company coming over unannounced... One of the things I enjoy about living in the Netherlands is that I (almost) always have 10 minute grocery delivery - my 10-year-old can run to the grocery store in 3 minutes, grab whatever I missed plus whatever he enjoys, pay by bank card and run back to the house :)
good vid like always
Tbh in the few cases where these services can actually be useful, improved mutual aid in the community could probably render them entirely unnecessary. Personally, I hope for the demise of these kinds of hyper-exploitative startups (and the bigger structure behind them, but that's another matter).
4:46 nice dig at Dominos.
Tech companies are mostly disgusting.  I say this as someone who has worked in tech for more than three decades.
How dose this vid only have 100 views!
I work in this myself. You dont want to do this. After many months of working you dont get a raise or promotion for you hard working. You get hemmoroids
Never thought I'd ever use these services. But recently, I had surgery and struggled with walking, so having someone deliver medication to me was a HUGE help.
That announcement of Gorillas to offer a 12 Euros hourly wage came in direct reaction to the Social Democratic Party using that figure as a new minimum wage level in their election campaign and then being elected. It's the legal minimum wage in Germany as per 1 October 2022.  Not sure if Gorillas raised their hourly rate since then.
PEOPLE ARE LAZY.
This made me think about why a lot of American households buy groceries a week at a time instead of almost daily. The stores are far away, aren't conveniently located, and there aren't very many of them. This probably also contributes to Americans eating fewer fruits and vegetables than other countries because most of them won't still be good at the end of the week.
I'm glad you highlight your Nebula only content in purple. More Nebula creators need to do something similar so I can tell what is Nebula only and not just duplicate of YT content. Would make it easier to tell how much value there really is in a Nebula account.
In Brazil we have a lot of those "Fast Groceries Delivery" as well, such as iFood or Daki. But as the cities are not very adapted for bikes, most of the deliveries (and the longer ones) are done by motorbikes (and they indeed drive like crazy...). One point that you didn't mention that sometimes makes me buy from them is that often the prices for some items are also cheaper than at the local groceries store... Maybe the VC money, and I believe the Dark Stores are probably cheaper to maintain than an open to public one.
I don't trust companies like this. Same as uber or anything amazon, they always seem to operate on the edge of labor laws and as such they are scourge to livable societies. I will never ever EVER use such a service unless they pre-emptively prove to me that they're fair employers.
Check out The Rounds! Sustainable last mile delivery for every day essentials in Philly, DC, Atlanta, and Miami :)
I see these services as completely unnecessary. Every bigger city, where these services are located, are littered with supermarkets, so there’s always one within ten minutes of biking. These supermarkets are often open until 10 pm. There are also some night shops when you’re in need. A bit of planning, something we Dutch are experts in, and you don’t need these speedy delivery shops.
I'm 7 years from retiring and spent the last 7 years scaling down to a lifestyle where a car is truly an option. I have visited the Netherlands numerous times but it is clearly a difference from living in the San Francisco Bay Area.  All the pieces seem to fit but language. While I am aware many in the region speak English, I am a firm believer in speaking the local language and respecting the local culture.  Does anyone have a recommendation for learning Dutch (ongoing training or immersion)?  While English is my primary language  and speak/read French, Dutch seems so different and I struggle to leverage my other two languages to embrace Dutch.  Going to Nebula as it is time.  Love this content and philosophy of living.
I think we call companies like that "zombie companies". They are a total ripoff of investors do distort markets. They can't be sustained. CEOs like it though because they get a nice house, yacht, and airplane among other things.
Will probably watch on Nebula. Just dropping a comment to boost engagement analytics for you. Have a good one!
I used to work for Flink and although the working conditions (outside of horrible backpain because we had to wear these stupid backpacks) were pretty good, the management in the store where I worked are complete asshats who will bully you for a mistake instead of helping you improve next time.
I have two cases when I use delivery service. A) There is a specific brand I can't buy in the store close to me (Would be 1 hour+ to get to the specific store to get it) or B) Due to meetings or urgent tasks I think I might not make it in time to the store close by to buy bakery goods. They usually give 25-30 minutes as delivery time which is more reasonable than 10 minutes. I know nothing about how employees are handled though.
It is useful for  Disabled people (physically and mentally (depression does a number, and autism makes loud spaces difficult) Sick people (less infection risk) Old people Injured people People who don't have the time to go shopping (capitalism sends its regards)
It's pretty ironic that those protesting bad working conditions effectively have their jobs deleted after regulators come in. Sometimes it feels like instead of protesting they could have been more effective looking for other employment in the first place. I mean... if the industry branch is rotten, why try to stick to it?
It's crazy that we live in a world where 1-hour delivery is too inconvenient
As someone who really likes to ride bikes, works as a bike messenger now and used to work for Thuisbezorgd. I think these flash grocery deliveries are not something we should want in our society. Not only does it promote laziness, which as one of many results in less time spent outside for the people that order which equals to less vitamin D and less happy. But the ever increasing ratio of delivery drivers/commuters here in the Netherlands does show itself in less safety on the bicycle lane. Together with the increasing amount of electric bikes I do not necessarily think the Netherlands will keep to be one of the best cycling infrastructure countries. That is if new infrastructure isn't made with electric and delivery drivers in mind.
The Gig economy is a giant reset button for labour rights. If gig workers ever get the rights they deserve, they'll just misclassify them as something else. "Oh, these aren't gig workers, they're shmig workers. It means we can exploit them again. :)" And around and around we go.
In Melbourne, if I order groceries from a supermarket website, It'll be delivered by some guy in a car, somewhere between one and six hours after I make the order, and everything will have been picked and left sitting out minutes after I placed the order, so any ice cream is melted, frozen vegetables thawed, meat dangerously warm, and basically everything expires either today or yesterday. If I order groceries using the Uber Eats app, I get _faster_ expired food. I'd be happy with a 30-60 minute delivery window if it meant actually getting usable groceries. Most of the time we still order, we just avoid more perishable foods, and I try and remember to make a detour via a store on the way home if I need meat.  I think a ten minute delivery promise sounds good on ad copy, but as you've pointed out, it creates a lot of problems for the riders, and the neighbourhoods.
heck for the shops in walking or biking distance I live on the outskirts of a small town in the UK... within 1 mile I have 3 shops where I can buy groceries (smallish shops, one is a petrol station admittedly... for which I get the odd funny look for walking to), just over 2 miles (by foot or bike... 3.5 by car) I have another very small shop and a damn good greengrocers that work with a local butchers, dairy and bakery (if I have the time, I walk there fairly often), and in a slightly different direction a whole damn supermarket (with pedestrian and cycle access (and bike racks)), and 3 miles a whole town centre with... 1 more grocery shop, a butchers a crazy number of coffee shops, and somewhere in the same region of charity shops (i.e. a slightly more alive than a typical dead UK small town centre).  now admittedly our public transit depending on how much you miss it by... can be slower than walking and with a traffic light density reaching 5 per mile in places it does mean that bicycles are probably the fastest way into town (it is a nice mixed foot and bicycle path all the way into town with a lot of it away from the road going down a former train track), followed by car, foot and then the bus.
I am not really convinced that the dark shops taking some retail space even on main streets are a bad thing. I mean – these companies want the cheapest real estate possible, so when they are in a somewhat visible location, it's probably because otherwise nothing would be there (as another business there probably went bankrupt during COVID or something). They would choose a hole in a wall if that was the cheapest option.
Got an ad for 50% off Uber eats mid video, as he was talking about the notifications. Had to rewind to check I wasn't being pranked 😂
I remember working for an American rideshare company. I never understood why people just walked to their closest grocery store to get their food and why most of car rides were under 5 miles... also, most customers always requested the biggest cars available in our platform.  Then watching your channel it made sense 😂 wish we could have walkable streets here in Nicaragua and work as a delivery driver using a bike and people are always getting vehicles here so streets are getting worse every year.
This channel has made me notice how inaccessible Canada truly is and I like in an urban zone
1:05 and lots of other companies with incredibly stupid names. 😂😂😂😂😂
wth how dare you say Domino's is terrible 😂
Not amsterdam, the whole Netherlands made mopeds get in the car lane within residential area's.
"Fulfillment Centre" is such a cynical word which sums up this phenomenon. Maybe find a more appropriate realistic word? And what about the WASTE - delivery services all need packaging which generates its own headaches.  The "Market" ... People need to stop using that argument which has always been double speak for something that exploits us
Before I found Flaschenpost I used Flink in Germany, and it was almost cartoon like when I first ordered and it felt like the door bell rang just after clicking the order button.  That novelty wares off quickly though and exactly these questions you ask came to mind. Fortunately they started relaxing these times because I really don't care if the order arrives in 10 minutes or in 1, 2, ... hours.  I recognized the same thing as well, that the prices were getting higher, the minimum amount you needed to buy got bigger, there were things constantly out of stock, they also mostly had only expensive brand items, and misleading package sizes that looked like normal size in the pictures and how you know them from a normal grocery store, but turn out to be kid sized and thus more expensive and more waste, etc. They also didn't take back the bottles with deposit which is usually mandatory for grocery stores here in Germany, every bottle with deposit they sell they usually also have to take back. Where I live the closest grocery store got further and further away since so many close by stores closed, and now I have to walk 20 or more minutes both ways, so the service was really useful to me.  Fortunately I did found Flaschenpost, which, I think, started as a delivery service for beverages and expanded into groceries now.  They deliver on reservation for a specific date, or same day delivery within ~120 minutes, which is absolutely fast enough.  They have higher order sizes of minimum 29€, and higher delivery costs unless you order for 49€ or more, which is all fine by me, and sounds way more sustainable. They also take back my Pfand (deposit), have a much bigger selection of items, including none brand items, and restock them when they are out of stock no matter if it is an item with a big profit margin or not.  They do not deliver via bike though, but I think it is still much better than me buying my own vehicle just for grocery shopping.
Define "exploitative" labour practices...  People are free to work anywhere they please, particularly with European job markets this tight. I benefitted greatly from having a zero-hours contract job as a teenager and young adult, and I hate to see these opportunities legislated out of existence by governments that seem to thing cycle delivery should be treated like a career.
Here in NYC I actually worked for one called jokr. They aggressively expanded along with Gorillaz, getir, there was a pink one, gopuff, and on an on. Well jokr crumbled into nothing since I left most hubs are "retail space for lease" I still see gorrilaz and getir but not many made it. Some were cought stealing part of the delivery drivers pay and refusing to pay for gear. Poorly maintained zoomo bikes. The hub I was had really cool people but whenever I went to others management was horrible. Had some fun made some money I guess
Yes, any venture with huge VC budgets somewhat distorts the market. But eventually these VC funds dry up. Now you might say: "But in the meantime many other companies got pushed out already. This is bad."  And this is where I concur. Companies SHOULD be pushed out of the market, if they are not able to compete. (Time limited) distortions and crisis just like this actually help to make the markets more robust. Because only those with a really sound business case will survive these times. While everybody that just scrapped along all the time get put out of their misery by the crisis.  This is why, every economic crisis sparked a new wave of innovations, while long boom times caused progress to halt. And it is also the reason why "important industries" that get protected by the governments because of "jobs", "system criticality" etc. are incredibly slow in adopting and showing progress.   Bancrupties are GOOD, because it removes bad firms and makes room for good ones. (And trust me, as a guy who worked in a factory that just scraped along, and then got closed down. This is also a good thing for employees.)
Interesting video, well done,  fair and very relevant.
Go puff is in dc and they market themselves as munchies delivery
As cheap money disappears for the economy i bet a lot of these app based services will dry up. Since 2008 the economy has been cleared awash in dirt cheap money that has been invested in everything and anything even if profit was an distant expectation.   Do I need my grocery delivered in 10 minutes I mean probably not. What I would like is grocery delivery in a narrow time window. The market will decide
As someone who has developed agoraphobia in the last few years, stuff like this can be a godsend, but if the charge is too much I'm also screwed cuz it's not like I have money since I don't have work as well...
Didn't expect a SecondThought shoutout in a NJB video, nice!
I use Amazon Fresh for my groceries. We get to choose a 2 hour delivery window and I'm just happy the food gets here. I don't have the ability to go grocery shopping unless I want that to be basically my entire day.
love the trashfuture cameo
As of now, 420 views: the 2nd funniest number
It's nice to know that despite all the amazing things you hear about the benefits you get working in Europe that there are still companies there exploiting workers just like they do here in the States. 🤦‍♂️
missed opportunity to make the video under 10 minutes
I think half hour delivery is still very fast. There's no need to have it in 6 minutes. That's beyond ridiculous.
Not sure what the point is at 7:35 of showing San Francisco's main thoroughfare Market Street. The clip shows many pedestrians, three buses, two cyclists, one city truck, one small pickup truck, and zero private cars. Private vehicles have been banned from the downtown section of Market, and the street is remarkable for its lack of congestion. Even that one pickup truck wouldn't be there now. Is any of this a bad thing?
"We are a service that helps the physically disabled" *Gets to the front door before you do*
I have been in the middle of making a recipe and I didn't have one ingredients, or had people over and had forgotten I was out of rice. Other than that I don't think I'd be tempted to use these services.
"Getir" is not pronounced as "get-her" it's more like "get-ear" g̟etʰiɾ is the how it is depicted in the IPA .
Oh good that deliveroo closed up. All the workers who worked there must be very happy. So much free time. Not wasteing on something so trivial like, earning for living or something similarly stupid...
I kinda do get the appeal of these services. Just not in times of huge inflation. Everyone is already complaining about high prices, why pay even more per product and delivery?
I live in Friesland around 120 km north of Amsterdam  - where we in my small city we generally do not have this problem, but we have our first fast food chain (Domino)  offering express deliveries but quite honestly the delivery staff with e-Bikes  are not well versed in road safety.
Love the Second Thought shout out! Happy to see creators I love reference each other.
TERRY B IS A CYCLING HERO!!!!
i just couldnt wrap my head around how this is financially possible, like here in hilversum workers get paid 2  times more then people working in the groceries store like there is no way a place like flink makes money
Grocery delivery and other "___ as an app" services that have popped up in recent years have been a godsend to people I know with disabilities. But definitely work needs to be done on protecting "gig economy" workers and ensuring long-term viability, rather than chasing headlines and dumb money.
I live close by two darkstores, so I constantly see drivers and for road safety alone, these flash deliveries need to loosen up their delivery time. That also immediately turns off the venture capitalists though, and that's the entire problem. I do believe there's a niche for this type of delivery for sure, but "niche" isn't really in the vocabulary of venture capitalists. I guess we'll have to wait until the money runs out and the market doesn't turn out to be as profitable as VCs had hoped. Then the market can focus on the more niche group, up the price a bit or promise a within-a-day delivery and the market has found its balance once more.
I wonder if these Delivery services would work better if they were Cooperatives instead of For-profit start-ups.
Gorillas only increased to 12€ per hour because the law says that within germany workers have to be paid a minimum of 12€ per hour, but Gorilas is marketing that as a thing they did voluntarly xD
4:50 Sad that Amsterdam  cycling infrastructure is not up for the New Amsterdam pace of Cooper Ray / Terry Barentsen.
The only times I have groceries delivered is when everyone in my house is sick or when we need to order something that no supermarket around has it (and we have already looked on all of them). My city has lots of supermarkets, some big and some small, and nowhere in town you're more than a 15 minute walk from a supermarket. Where I live I have about 6 supermarkets on that distance range, so anywhere I go there is a supermarket on my the way, so even when I'm busy I can always drop by the supermarket on my way home, and so there is no need to have stuff delivered. And also, walking to the supermarket is an exercise and we can choose our produce for our needs (like do I want a greener banana or one that is more ripe, that depends on what I want to do with it). Most supermarketsvi have around are smaller and hold just the more everyday needs, and when we need something "fancier" we go to a bigger supermarket a bit farther away.
About a month ago, I saw one of the businesses deliver their 10 minute delivery to someone who literally lives above an Albert Hein. The door to the apartments is next door to the entrance to the supermarket.... Yes there is a place for delivery services, but given that I can bike to three supermarkets within 5 minutes and many more within 10, I don't see why we need this speedy delivery. It would probably be nice to have, when you don't live in a city, but as I understand it, most rural areas don't have this service available to them.
Six minutes!? That's barely enough time for me to put on pants!
To be fair having groceries delivered by cyclists can be a major improvement, especially for those suffering disabilities. Yet writing as someone living in Amsterdam I can attest that riders are frequently not in the least bothered with traffic rules. Do not get on a bike, or take responsibility. Obviously the time pressure is the main issue here, so up the collectives and minimum wages. Time pressure is a very sorry reason to cause a traffic accident, no matter what. Milk gone off or an urge for cookies are no excuse.
Where I live, though we do have flash grocery delivery services, many people here do not use flash delivery. Instead of getting your groceries delivered in 10-20 minutes, you place an "order" on the night before, and wake up to your groceries being delivered at your doorstep the next day. It's pretty neat imo, and the variety of products ain't bad either. It's pretty amazing that I can subscribe to have milk delivered at my doorstep, and if I need other groceries, I can just add them to my cart the night before and have them delivered in the morning.
Gorillas in Germany are already struggling financially and the company is likely to  get taken over by getir.
I once biked over a delivery guy that was on his phone and coming from the left side, tried yelling and bellen and eventually seriously tried braking but I hit him on his side, him on the ground and me able to continue my ride immediately, I would be lying if I said it didn't feel good to deliver karma for the countless of times those twats scare me shitless.
Living in NA I find the best strategy is ordering my big grocery run by app, and doing the small ones by bike. It eliminates probably the biggest house choir I have and saves me tons of time for a reasonable cost. The little ones dont feel like a choir and actually feels fun to get a few things. Being a home dweller I also dont give too nickles about deliver times, I just order and it gets here when it gets here and I deal with it then. I use insta cart and have not stopped sense I was introduced during the pandemic.
You're right, 'dumb' money is getting more expensive. I'm sure the market will self correct soon. Great video.
We have ebag here in Bulgaria. I was amazed they have delivery within a few hours. I definitely do not need groceries within 30 minutes.
Second Thought mentioned 🥳... Waiting for this since NJB commented on one of ST video "How To Make..<censored 🤐>..."  .   City planning has such a heavy social aspect that it almost touch the <S-word> ideology ... Just saying.. no dogmatic person here... just walking on an egg shells 🥴.. because I live in US 🤣🤣..
man, every time I see your videos I start to miss the netherlands… time to go there again very soon! good thing I’m not far away; living in luxembourg :)
I have same day delivery almost every day, takes 2 minutes max.  I put it on the belt and 2 minutes later I'm the owner.
Fun, living in a small Dutch village. Going for grocery’s in a nearby city ones a week, stock all we need for next week. So… no I don’t need my groceries delivered in 6 minutes,… hahahha
Very glad to see NJB talking about the ills of neoliberal capitalism and how they tangibly affect our everyday life. Welcome to the struggle comrade \m/
Trashfuture shoutout! Hell yeah!
We don't have flash services in Southern California but I could see it happen. We do have a ton of same-day or scheduled grocery delivery options, and a couple of them are marketed through the grocery chains themselves (plus Amazon).  Also - I may or may not have eaten at that Van 't Spit at 5:43, and I'd recommend it for anyone in/near de Pijp looking for a great dinner.
Hey. I don't care about European labor laws. I care about urban planning and logistics. Thanks!
Can you make a video of the Dutch public transport getting worse?
I'm glad you made a video about this. I've been thinking pretty much exactly the same. I've ordered flink a total of 3 times before deleting the app and vowing never to use it again. These companies reek of corporate money and I don't want to support that. I still feel slightly hypocritical though because I'm still doing groceries at big chain supermarkets. Regardless at least I don't feel as lazy as when I don't even leave my house to get groceries.
Dial-a-Bottle. That's so GTA.
4:48 in, got a small comment here, I rly like domino's pizza actually and theyve got some good deals 11:53 nice fake adress, although the street name actually exists in Stadionbuurt (Amsterdam Zuid), which is funny to me
Dominoes delivers an over-priced, hot circle of garbage in 30 mins. Also, if delivery rides/drivers are recognized as independent contractors, they should be able to negotiate fees and terms. Why would a contractor work for minimum wage and tips?
Maybe it's because I don't have a fancy MBA, but I cannot see how those business models are sustainable. From what I understand, their goal is to outlast their competitors, monopolize their space, and then jack up prices to become profitable.
wake up new njb video
would love to watch nebula video's but i need a credit card for that and they don't except paypal so i'm kinda stuck
I see a lot more people arguing for normal pay for younger workers in the Netherlands (14 - 18 year olds).
I'm sure these sevices have their place and all, but the elderly aren't that tech savvy to make use of these things anyways.
I honestly just don't personally see the appeal of flash delivery, even if I ignore the limited options of products.
You are more then welcome to try that here in the northern parts of Sweden where i live, here it doesnt work for half the year or more as the sidewalks and such dont have snowplowing here due to costs.
I used a halfway kind of delivery service during a trip to Asia. You go to the supermarket and pack the goods yourself, and then you hand it off to the delivery section. This is great for people who walked to the grocery store like I did, and I saw a lot of seniors using it too. Even though I only expected a delivery before dinner, it got to the place I was staying even before I got back. But I think < 10 min delivery by app is unnecessary. The groceries arriving earlier won't make dinner happen any faster.
I haven't used any delivery services myself, but friends with disabilities appreciate the service. Also those with children tend to appreciate the saved time when they dont have to drive to a supermarket with toddlers. Only need for such a quick delivery could be if the food includes anything frozen or easily perishable, like milk products. But very few services seem to have those in their selection, so most would likely do fine with 60 - 90 minute delivery time.
Do you have a list of names of neighbors in Amsterdam who offered to give you a Dutch Oven when you moved there as a welcome gift?
Enjoyable video as always. I quite enjoyed the pro Labor commentary here
NJB, you are a sheer genius. As an ardent A.dam fanatic and a self-made hobby economist I am flabbergasted by your insights. Again. And again.
Another great one! Regulators really need to be thinking about how they can disrupt the VC, unrealistically low price loop.
Dutch driven channel but Nebula doesn't accept dutch bank cards
Having many choices for close grocery stores by bike must be awesome! I can see why you wouldn't need these services that often.  The grocery delivery sounds nice if you are quarantining or just stuck at home for another reason. Even if you did need something immediately, waiting 30-60 minutes should be fine. Reckless drivers/bikers are no fun to be around so not having people rushing around in a hurry would be better.
I missed my best chance to feature in a NJB video, worked at 2 of the locations featured and would have loved to contribute.
In Spain, they ended the practice of classifying the workers as "independent contractors" through a High Court decision. The companies tried to fight it, but so far the courts have upheld the decision. If the drivers get their orders through an app, they are workers of that company. That should be the absolute minimum of worker protection.
I can definitely recommend Second Thought. I just so happy to see you and others tackle the damage caused by capitalism.
While there are people that benefit from quick delivery, quick accessibility is what is going to ruin us…
One of Switzerland's supermarket chains (maybe more, I didn't check) offers free next day delivery for free for large orders. Not really feasible for singles to use it for all their shopping, but I'd say from two people upwards it should be doable comfortably with a bit of planning.
I hope that this is possible everywhere
So long as the decision to legalize pseudo-entrepreneurship with the ruling that PostNL package deliverers are indeed all separate companies isn't revoked in some way, this gig-economy nonsense is going to persist.   My brother in law wanted to buy a fancy car to drive Uber with, he asked me as the resident car person if it was a good idea. Having calculated to him how much money he would haemorrhage on this endeavour, he decided to buy the car anyway. predictably, despite repeated warnings, he failed to give his new Merc the proper maintenance. It has since stopped working repeatedly, and his solution is to buy an even more expensive and new Merc. Bottom line is, some people cannot be counted upon to stick up for their best self interest in the face of quick money and fancy car ownership (that last one has on occasion included me). It's why we used to have decent labour laws. But that's what you get after a decade of neo liberalism. but hey, shareholder value and whatnot.  As for the road use of delivery drivers, I didn't want to be the snob that brings up Stephenson, but needs must: CosaNostra Pizza, 30 minutes or a personal apology from Uncle Enzo himself.
4:50 Always wondered if you knew about Terry Barentsen and how you felt about his videos. 😅
Rotterdam actually blocked the opening of new 'darkstores' recently. This business model is not profitable at all.  The investors are putting in capital to compete untill there's one left. Then they'll make a profit...
One interesting fast delivery service here in the UK is Snappy Shopper. Unlike Getir and others Snappy Shopper relies on local community grocery stores to pick and deliver your items quickly instead of dark sites run by the company itself. However, Co-op, one of the smaller and more local UK supermarket groups is also getting in on the act, offering grocery deliveries in 2 hours. Tesco have launched a similar service in some areas too, reliant on their local and smaller Tesco Metro stores and separate from their existing delivery service where you have to book a slot the next day or several days away and it comes from a larger supermarket.  It seems everyone here is trying to get in on the super quick grocer delivery act.
I was raised in an era (1950's)  in the U.S. My grandfather owned and operated a neighborhood grocery store, about 30 steps out the back door of our house. At the time most, if not all neighborhoods had a "Mom and Pop" grocery. We rarely had to visit a "chain" grocery. My gramp's store was almost always busy and was especially more so after the local school let out for the day. The store was jam-packed with teenagers buying sodapop and other bits of junk food. That's another story though. We actually had neighbors who couldn't get out who needed groceries and my brother and I would deliver on our bikes. Not in 10 minutes or less though. Those were simpler times!
I knew it! You're a libtard snowflake! Caring about workers rights! I knew somebody who loves cycling this much couldn't be a proper capitalist, you communist scum!  [Attention: The comment above may contain trace amounts of sarcasm.]
Thanks for all the Gorillaz ads on my socials 😉
By far one of your best videos yet!
I'd be 100% fine with a 1-2hr delivery service as I'd spend that long doing it myself and then I can go use those 2 hours for personal time  10 minutes is crazy but not the most pressing need
Delivery riders need a union
CORVID 19 OH NOE
camokat is actually a normal name. camokat means scooter.
The area I live in actually has a surprisingly robust grocery delivery industry. We have several of the most Jewish neighborhoods (by %) in the country/world and between their strict observance of the Sabbath on the weekends preventing driving as well as the women-homemakers, who either never learn to drive or else have multiple children who they can't leave alone at home (the Orthodox tend to have large families), there is a very robust grocery delivery scene, even in our extremely car dependent town.  The grocery delivery services are all relatively cheap (service-fee wise) and fairly quick, mostly just because they legitimately have a lot of businesses. I suspect that our car dependency might actually be good for their business since so many of their customers can't drive and thus can't get groceries on their own. Although they mostly operate out of the various Kosher groceries in town so you can't get everything and the actual grocery prices tend to be higher than at non-kosher stores, even when you go to the store yourself.
I’m from Amsterdam and because of the whole… you know… I’ve been stuck inside for the last two years. I have my general groceries delivered by picnic a grocery chain without physical stores. But on occasion I’ve forgotten something, need something that minute or didn’t have it delivered by picnic. In that case these types of services help me out a lot.
love your channel, always  watch with my husband on his device, but I came to mine just to leave comment and like to help with the algorithm. <3
dumb money is still private though.  If investors want to make a bad investment and loose money buy subsidizing an otherwise unprofitable business, I'm not sure that means intervention is needed.  Just let the investors loose their money, and the problem should take care of itself.  The issue of exploiting ignorant workers and finding loopholes in the law is valid though; as are the negative effects of over use of public paths and parking.
I have a disability. These delivery services hugely improved my quality of life and gave me independence that I never had before.
Worker exlototion is bad
I am currently (hopefully temporarily) disabled.  Regular, 'slow' grocery deliveries are more than good enough.  Of course sometimes I want things that I didn't think of a few days earlier and in that case flash deliveries are a nice convenience, one that I certainly wouldn't mind paying a little extra for, but even then an hour or two is fine.  And I haven't tried it, but I think Uber Eats and alike already offer those services using normal grocery stores.
This is what bothers me with this new "just hire others to run errands for you" industry. These are things you might find bothersome (go out to buy food, groceries, etc), but their perceived value is so incredibly small as compared to the things you're buying, that any fair compensation for the person doing it would discourage most people from paying for the service in the first place.  At its core, the amazement of "wow, the delivery of my groceries is so fast and cheap" is not at the shiny technology that makes it possible, but rather the amazement at "wow, there are people willing to do this for such a small amount of money".
I thought we all assumed the gig contractor apps were all exploitative 🤷‍♀️
If flash delivery (even delivery within an hour would be fine) was available where I live, it'd probably be a big hit. Getting to any grocery store at all takes at least 5 minutes one way by car, and that's only driving time, ignoring the time it takes to lock up, park your car, etc.. Given that even food delivery services take up to 1,5 hours, and 45 minutes is pretty much the fastest you can get any food, I doubt we'll be seeing these kinds of things anytime soon.
Same day grocery delivery is great. However 10 mins isn't realistic long term. I'd say 2 hours for rush delivery and 4 hours for normal service. This would allow for the "dark stores" to be placed out of the main shopping zones.
Dont be lazy peppole
In the UK grocery delivery was pioneered by Ocado, back in the early 2000s, using transit vans, delivering Waitrose food out of big warehouses with clever algorithms to take drivers on the most efficient routes. Then all the other supermarkets got on board (including Waitrose themselves, offering a competing service) delivering out of the actual stores instead. During the pandemic, we started using Amazon Fresh delivery, which does same day (usually within 3-4 hours), which is more than quick enough for what we needed. What I didn't like was that they delivered our groceries in brown paper bags out of the boots of worker's private cars. It felt like a really shoddy way to operate. While the paper bags are probably better for the environment than plastic ones, using private cars over vans is definitely not. In the end we stopped using it because the prices were just quite high compared to even Sainsbury's (which isn't that cheap). We've not really had these super fast services available where I am, but I honestly don't really see the point. If I need something that desperately, I just walk to the convenience store, which is 2 minutes down the road and open from 7am to 11pm, 7 days a week.
The real benefit arrives once they can source from many stores or markets (in addition to their own supply of most commonly bought products), with information sharing agreements to increase reliability. I never used one because I shop on my way home but if I got sick or was running late, I might want food, medicine, flowers, and packages picked up for me, instead of getting bare necessities and postponing the rest. I hope they still make money after safety, worker's rights, and use of space concerns have been very well addressed.
We still do dial a bottle here in downtown toronto for after hours delivery lol
i think you spend too much time on the whole labour regulations thing. If it was bad, people would do/work something else. also coming from someone who was a delivery driver (cyclist) for one of these services
Cool to see some crossover between two of my favorite channels - you and Second Thought
I had a laugh at the article that stated that Gorillas in Germany pays 12€ per hour, because that is the new minimum wage, so they basically pay the minimum they HAVE to pay.
As someone who has lived in a quite small city in the south of brazil (which is quite suburbanized) i never felt the need to have stuff deliveried fast, sure its nice but it is really not a necessity for me or my family, we order a few times directly from our big supermarket that delivers with a cargo van and it went pretty well during covid
Nice Second Thought shout out!  You two make great content!
6:23 this walk-in hybrid I would personally be ok with. After experiencing the notorious Ghost Kitchen’s on delivery apps, access is nice. Of course there’s the catch with employees.  You know what I think would do well? A hybrid grocery warehouse/same-day delivery service. Put it in a more out of the way area than the main walk/bike path, but still close enough to drive to or get deliveries in a hour. But that’s just dreaming.
Love your content, been a subscriber for a long time now, but was absolutely blown away at 7:21 when an app on a smart phone showed Duddeston, which is a suburb of central Birmingham, where I used to live, (I now live in South Birmingham), Boring to anyone else I know, but of all the places in the World, well anyway, nuff said, you get the point. Keep up the good work old chap!!!!!!
Honestly i dont think its as much that bikes are faster then cars as it is that cities in most places are built better   Ive done a lot of rideing in new york and most times the bus or a car is just faster   Also i wonder if motorcycles or dirt bike's  are common in the netherlands not much bigger than a normal bike but way faster
Here in Estonia delivery drivers usually violate the speed limits (think 60 in a 30-zone) or park on the sidewalk because the employer will pay their fines. I wonder if they'll go to jail for those drivers too if somebody ends up getting killed. Certain delivery cyclists are inconsiderate road users as well, which is doubly bad since we make our cyclists share the road with pedestrians.
I live 150 meters from a supermarket and i physcially can't do even small shopping in 6 minutes lmao.  6 minutes is insane and pointless tbh.
VC or not, it's still exploitative if it's not owned and controlled by the workers. What we really need are co-op versions of this.
It feels like this could be fixed by municipal companies that do delivery. The price would be low, since they don't need to be profitable,  fixed amount per neighborhood, and be sure that workers are treated well
Americans will never see this in a lifetime.
I mean like I'd love to have groceries to be delivered slowly. Although same-day slowly anyways. Importantly I don't want it hugely expensive, and I'd personally only really use it for when I'm say cooking or hosting guests; to have something I'm missing show up would be nice. Mind I'm able bodied.  Also kinda important is that I find the substitutions to be problematic as they don't have the best info on what's actually in store and they've substituted a flavor I'm allergic or otherwise unable to eat.
Grocery delivery is great, but unless you are currently cooking a meal for a date and forgot some key ingredient, there is no reason why you'd need it delivered within 10 minutes.
RE: Uber vs taxis; In my experience Uber has always been as expensive as taxis, they just had an app that made it super easy to check prices and book which no other taxi service offered.
i'm thinking one of the flash delivery services could partner with a big grocery store chain. that way no extra space is taken up by the fulfilment centers and the amount of delivery trucks is reduced
How dare you attack my culture of Dominos Pizza
4:48 - What did ravens do to deserve that!?
3:02 FACE REVEAL 😄
I ordered products worth about 110€ from getir and payed something around 30€. They were incredibly aggressive on their discounts. VC money seemed to have dried up though, no incredible discounts anymore and so I stopped ordering.
I worked for one of these services about a year ago, we only had 1 location so some trips took 20 minutes to complete as they were on the opposite side of the city. Right before I left the company changed it wages based on how many deliveries were done in 1 hour, but hitting 6 orders in 1 hours is really hard. As you said in the video, mainly students and families ordered.  The heavy orders were not really cared about, 1 order I drove I had 4 bottles of still water in my backpack + some snacks. Most evenings I had back pain from the heavy loads on my back
I think it’s very popular here in the US. We’re so lazy now that our we want food and grocery delivered. Retail stores are selling discounted gift cards from these companies. Yearly memberships where delivery fees are waived are given away for free. All these done with barely any labor protections. Delivery services are a rage here that they’re here to stay, even after VC money runs out.
Here in Boston we have getir, it's rare to go down any street near downtown and not see one.
Samokat is not stupid name. It literally means “Scooter”
Downtown Vancouver also had 15 minutes grocery delivery. The company went out of business this summer because the business model doesn't make sense for the reasons you mentioned. Still, the large majority of deliveries within downtown are done by Doordash and Uber happen in less than 10 minutes. This is because the delivery drivers overwhelmingly use e-scooters and e-bikes on bike lane network to make their deliveries.
In Belgrade, such companies like "wolt" don't treat their workers fair at all. You always see the workers rushing on their bicycles through the city which does not have the correct infrastructure (aka quite car-oriented infrastructure). This puts many people at risk of an injury, especially the workers. The company doesn't pay enough so they have no other choice than to complete as many orders as possible.
not a big fan of the dumb money argument in this case, as there wasn't really something comparable to the delivery servicees before they popped up, unlike traditional taxis with uber. these delivery services are unlikely to compete with the larger grocery stores(for now at least), worst case scenario they're VC funded startups competing with different VC funded startups. if the idea isn't viable they will all simply die off as no VC will want to fund something that isn't able to compete with existing markets and can't succeed in creating one of its own.
+1
I've used Flink a few times, once when I was ill and a few times where I just ran out of time to grocery shop. I don't need delivery in 10 minutes. I'd be perfectly happy with delivery in 30 minutes or even an hour. But I'm guessing it's more profitable for the company to squeeze as many trips into an hour as possible...   Sidenote, some companies like CoolBlue offer 'optimized delivery', allowing you to choose to receive a package later, but in a more optimized delivery. That way they don't have to deliver all over the place every day, but they can collect packages headed in the same direction. This cuts down massively on emissions. I wish more companies offered that.
There's a supermarket right around the corner so there's no need to order groceries online.
There are a lot of Deliveroo riders around here (UK). Most are from the recent immigrant community, presumably because they can be exploited more easily. They also generally modify their e-bikes to allow for throttle only riding, which is illegal but I doubt the police bother pulling them over. These are mostly for the restaurant/fast-food business not general groceries, because as you say it's very easy just to pop to a corner store 5-10 minutes walk away.
Picnic is a special one between in the group tho its not a flash service yet they can deliver in the same day depending on location its really a usefull store to do groceries
Since my supermarket is close as in 3 minute walk I'll just do that.
I'm very glad you included disabilities here, my girlfriend is disabled and chronically ill and needs delivery for just about everything (long-distance relationship until I can move in, so I can't pick up groceries for her just yet), so I definitely see value in same-day delivery.  However I agree, we don't need groceries delivered in minutes, especially from companies that create safety risks because of time pressure, taking up space that could be used for stores for local residents, and exploits their workers.
Is dumb money not part of the market? It seems like that in a way would be letting the market decide as eventually VC goes away and you have those who survive stay around.
Do consider that precisely because of the relatively high density of supermarkets in The Netherlands, the profit margins are already going to be pretty small. And remember, supermarkets rose in the 1960s when they started outcompeting grocers, who had all their goods behind a counter, and would only be able to help one customer at a time. My grandfather used to be a grocer, but ultimately had to sell his business to his neighbor, who had turned his store into a supermarket. The reason is simple: supermarkets can handle more customers per employee, and that's where these flash delivery services are unsustainable. They need more employees per customer than traditional supermarkets, so they will never be able to compete. Maybe for people who are willing to pay extra for convenience and laziness, but in these times of high inflation and looming economic recession, laziness is the first thing to get budgetted out.
Thanks for making a video on this topic. After having moved to Amsterdam, I found these delivery drivers to be quite careless, if any. I don't have a supermarket close (10 min by bike), so I actually order through Picnic. You mentioned at 11:08 that you need to order a few days in advance, but I can most often order the night before. Pretty convenient for me, I must say.
For me, the main point of using delivery groceries is that you're free to do anything else during that time. Another very convenient use for fast delivery is buying missing ingredients during cooking, when you can't easily leave the kitchen with the stove on for a 10 minute groccery run.
It should be illegal to promise delivery times shorter than 30 minutes.
If I lived in such a walkbale city, I don't get not taking a walk outside if you're able bodied?
I used to think the first casualty of war was the truth.   Forty years of exposure to the business and investing world proves that all businesses, ALL rape, torture and murder the truth.   Daily.  Hourly.   In print, cyber, video, labeling, financials, trade shows and every time an officer opens his lying yapper.
One problem in my case, everything is either sold out or is way too expensive. Price still beats convenience for me.
....Shades of late 80's/early 90's Domino's Pizza.  They stopped the thirty minutes or less gurentee because of traffic accidents.   Why is it others are making the same mistake?  Edit: as someone with special needs siblings and with vision disabilities that make driving an impossibility for me? Yea these services would be great for times when i'm the one minding my siezure prone sister. Granted I'd be fine with it being a half hour or so for delivery, because generally anything under an hour is fine. Granted what I'd love more is a place that ALLOWS ME TO LIVE WITHIN WALKING AND OR BIKING DISTANCE TO DAILY NEEDS. Not. 'oh hey that's a twenty minute round trip by car across a highway along a road with no shoulders much less anything resembling bike lanes.'
Where can I get one of those curb ramps seen at 6:23 @Not Just Bikes?  May need to order in bulk.
Picnic allows for next day when there is a spot here in delft. I've used flink a couple of times while quarantining or when crunching for a deadline and can honestly say that they are way too fast. No-one needs groceries that fast.
As you can see, Getir is a Turkish company. In Turkey, Getir folks get stuck in traffic and often get themselves in trouble. They mostly involve in accidents.
Yeah, Try that shit out in New York City.  LMAO..  Balbir The Cab Driver: " I tell you officer this bicycle man came out of nowhere and  hit my car right side!! Now This!!"   NYPD Officer Jones:  "I understand sir"   ** BOTH look at the Dead Bicycle Delivery man with Groceries all over the street**  NYPD Officer Jones: "Don't want these to go to waste.."   Balbir The Cab Driver: "Perfect".    🤣
I know this video is about grocery delivery but I find myself doubting the worth of food delivery apps in the same way. Do I really need to go on Seamless or Uber Eats when I live within walking distance to so many shops and restaurants?  Of course living in a very walkable, mixed-use area makes answering in the negative very easy.
I wonder if people are willing to pay when the VC money completely dries up and the price goes up. I guess they'll be competing with local supermarkets?
Interesting, I live on the edge of a small UK town, some of thje bigger players (deliver, foodhub are now providing a way for local corner shops tyo do this although the delivery charge is at ‘full market rate’. So far it looks like drink is the main seller
Worked at one in amsterdam a year ago, some things that you didnt mention is the sexism and drug use in the dark stores. Also, its a very easy way to get alcohol when youre under 18.
Getir is here in Chicago and while they don't really bother me all that much, their e bikes do have a tendency to zoom down the opposite side of the road.
they are way to expensive. it's luxury.
9:57 12€ per hour sounds nice, but fun fact: Germany recently increased minimum wage to... 12€ per hour.
Well....This stuff has a place. When i'm just "Bleh" after work and just didn't want to leave the house, i oredered some stuff with Flink. Then we moved out of their coverage area (Just a few meters out) and now i don't bother....Also because we have a grocery store next to our house now. We have to walk further to take out the trash than doing groceries. Same problem with scooter sharing (Might be worth a video btw). We're not in the coverage zone, so they're not interesting for me. They really should offer their service in areas where you have to walk longer from your next bus stop or train station. Not in areas whre the next bus will pick you up within 5 minutes and stops being 100-200 meters apart.   Greetings from Berlin. The city might be worth a video because a lot is happening in cycling infrastructure and redesigning streets...like the shitty attempt on Friedrichstraße where they've put up a speedlimit sign for bicycles without bicycles having speedometers.
I recently was 1 week in the netherlands and now every bike path in germany sucks :(
I've used Instacart here in Toronto quite a bit. They're same day, not flash delivery. So the shoppers go to existing grocery/convenience stores. The part I actually like about it is it doesn't seem to be (as?) artificially subsidized. You pay for the convenience. The only downside is the shoppers often drive, but at least they're also carrying multiple deliveries at once.
I live in a food desert in a medium sized City in a large metro area in the US. In order to get to the closest grocery store I have to walk 10-15 minutes to the bus (which runs every 20-40 minutes depending on whether it’s a weekday or weekend and has service getting cut more by the week), ride 10 minutes, then walk another 10 minutes to the store. There aren’t even any convenience stores closer to me, only restaurants. There are no short notice grocery delivery services offered here, only ones that need to be booked at least a day out with 2-hour delivery windows such as Amazon Fresh or Instacart. I’ve tried these services many times but they’ve proven extremely unreliable and inconsistent with stock compared to the physical stores here, so I usually have to give myself a couple hours each weekend to go to the grocery store. I wish there were services here that could deliver more quickly from anything more than a restaurant or chain convenience store (and I obviously wish there were just better bus service and more grocery stores near me, but I know that won’t happen anytime soon because despite other nearby cities eliminating single family zoning, most of my city is still zoned for single family only).
Agreed, I'm still waiting for the sweet spot: same day delivery. I don't need delivery in 10 minutes, I can easily wait a few hours. But having it delivered the same day makes planning a lot easier.
Saying VCs warp market because they got huge amounts of money is nonsensical. Most businesses are non profitable in the beginning, who cares if a super big business is super unprofitable in their beginning. Let them try to undercut the competition and gain market share. The consumer benefits here. It lets me buy a 30 dollars groceries for 20 dollars. When they go bankrupt because of it i go back to paying 30 dollars for 30 dollars worth of groceries.
5:40 Easter Egg 😆
shoutout to Terry and his absurd riding
I can get to three supermarkets and several other shops, on foot, within 5 minutes. I have done simple errants like getting milk (no, not in a bag), within 10 minutes. In most urban areas where these services are feasible, they are not needed.
when i was in highschool, i worked for uber sometimes. So usually delivering wasn‘t such a problem in under 10 minutes when you biked above avarage speed, but getting to the restaurant, get the food and deliver it on time in under 10 minutes????? I dont think that i ever managed it to do all of this in under 10minutes ever
It certainly would have been worth a chuckle if the video was 10 minutes or less (but sometimes there's just too much stuff to say)
I feel so sorry for the delivery people who are being taken advantage of by these companies. They gey a truly shitty pay and are being exploited. The gig economy is a scam.
I think there are good reasons to have responsive services to the door. Its not lazy to need things dropped off and its not always poor planning to need things in a tight timeframe. I have found the bottle of milk to have gone off and bread that is stale.   Maybe 10 min is too quick to expect. But if you have sick children or parents getting things to your home is good. I have had small children on my own and the number of times they were sick when I  wanted food is too numerous to mention and the solution was pizza or hunger. Hunger worked for me all too often.
Always makes me think of Hiro Protagonist and the Deliverator...
I've been using Instacart for years and I love not having to do grocery shopping (though I don't use the fast delivery). I could do groceries myself, but I'm one of those 'food is fuel' people that don't care about food, so grocery stores are incredibly dull for me. I much rather keep working on whatever I'm working on and pay a premium for somebody to take care of that. I know it's a bit of a luxury, but I like to think it pays for itself when it means i can do more work (which is also way more interesting to me)
just before covid i fucked up my knee real bad and needed a lot time in a cast so ordering food delivered from albert heijn was super usefull. then the whole toilet paper scare hit and everyone was using it which meant a lot was out of stock and wait times more than a week so i needed to ask my parents to shop with me untill that blew over, rather ironic. it has a minimum order of 50eu and takes atleast a day to deliver which is fine with me (used to be 2 days and 70eu minimum).
The very few times I need groceries, but don't have the time to go out myself I choose to have deliveries by old school supermarkets, yes they come with their own issues, but labour laws are specific enough for them to be held accounted, unlike these app-based companies that weasel through loopholes
Excellent vid on the very real dangers of venture capitalists in all kinds of markets. They are immoral, should basically be banned from the get go! Workforce exploitation is the original sin of capitalism and it has poisoned our entire society!
I think its easy for people without disabilites/time/mobility issues to look at this like you are, but you are speaking from a position of some privilege. I have ptsd and going shopping can be a major problem for me - I get all my groceries delivered and it saves major stress and allows me eat much better than I was before grocery delivery services were available.  I think that even with dumb money this one is going to be up to the market to correct and decide - and yes the government should ensure that the rights of the delivery people are respected, but again - this is just a matter of time. Agreed that most people can schedule their grocery deliveries though - 10 min or less isn't necessary most of the time, which may reduce some of your concerns.
it has always been a stigma against people with disabilities to be "lazy", so to call people who need that service as lazy is extremely discriminatory. Not everyone with a disability is on disability and can still work to a limited extent.
I live in New York City and I've used these services twice Once in December 2021 when Omicron was surging in the city, and people on social media were posting about how GoPuff was the only place that had at-home tests in stock, so I ordered some. I was very willing to walk out of my apartment and buy some rather than having them delivered, but every pharmacy in the entire city was out, so that was my only option. The other time was a month and a half ago, when I did have Covid. I wanted snacks, so I ordered on Getir since I had $15 off as a first time customer. This was totally part of their idea to gain me as a new customer, but I have no other desire for flash delivery when I can just go to the bodega on my corner or grocery store 4 blocks away.
I understand that it is really important for startups to have a lot of time to develop products, but this is definitely not the case for "flitsbezorgers" or companies like Uber. It is really worrying that we live in a world where investers support anticompetitive behaviour. I am not attacking the investers here. The problem is that it works. There is in my opinion no better way to tell whether the current state of the (world) economy is healthy. Also, Dominos is indeed pretty bad.
HEY... DOMINOS PIZZA IS DELICIOUS!
Cool, thanks for sharing this with us big dog.
I Always get excited to see a new videos of NJB
8:43 bold move to give a shoutout to second thought... I like it.
About Nebula: I have it, but I prefer watching videos on YouTube due to the lags on Nebula, so that's something that still needs to be improved
Gorillas offering 12€/h payment is not that impressive if you have been paying attention to the developments regarding minimum wage.
I use picnic but only when I can't leave home for a couple of days. It was during quarantine and when I couldn't work because of my back pains, other than that I never use it because like you said... on my way home from work I encounter several supermarkets.
Thank you for pointing out dumb money,  I have been trying to make people aware of this in the United States for years but greedy capitalists feel threatened by knowledgeable consumers
Damn, that 'cat is out of the bag' joke though :D
You act like these shitty services don't overcharge it's like 80 usd for a 20 usd delivery so I don't know what vc money is subsidizing that ...
Heard you mention that a fietspad doesnt facilitate fast traffic. You can check out the F35, a designated bicycle highway that follows the A35 highway
Based not just bikes
Seeing you complaining about bikes feels really weird !! But I get your point I just feels like there is something wrong lol
4:49 "You can help ur beat COrVID'?
Using these services is so ..... unDutch
I’ve been saying that more delivery options is the future for like ten years.  So many brick and mortar stores that have folded up in the last decade could have beat Amazon and DoorDash by offering delivery.
Whaaaat? I didn't know you watch Terry B! I learned how to cycle safely in the US from that guy! He is a gem!
Auckland managed to build an entire new suburb with higher density, not sprawl, blah blah blah urban blah blah townhouses and apartments blah blah. They were very proud of it. Guess how far the nearest supermarket is from those houses.  1.5 kilometres.
Hmmm I thought at first what could be the harm but after your video it makes a lot of sense.
The playful dunk on Terry Barentsen vids is the niche crossover I didn't know I wanted
not just not just bikes
I play this game where I try to guess how fast I'll hear the phrase "Mixed Use Zoning" in a NJB video...
I used to work at Dominos as a delivery driver, while I was driving at the speed limit my coworker delivery driver blew past me then I blew past him as the police was writing him a ticket for speeding. I never listen to any employer that tells you to break the law. If you are driving, you are the responsible one.
Watched this on nebula, commenting for algorithm
I love your analysis. Very well done.
I hope this video addresses the speed at which people with e-bikes race across the nation. My personal experiences with their owners are often negative.
In my country (Bosnia and Herzegovina, city of Sarajevo), the same companies that deliver food have deals with local market chains and offer grocery delivery in less than an hour. I only ordered once when I was in quarantine, but it's a good option to have from time to time. And due to our shitty biking infrastructure, a few delivery people were already injured, sadly:(
Vancouver had one of these that closed earlier this year. Can't remember the name right now, but they basically used bikes for delivery as well.  I honestly do not get the whole "gig economy", or rather, I don't get how people can go along with it when it's clear that a lot of this is only achieved by massively exploiting workers. I have never used one of these delivery services, or Uber / Lyft, and I am not planning to either.  Not that I think that will stop these services. As a society we are so used to be catered to that few people really think through the implications of these services.
Im waiting for my flink order while watching this video 😅
I just ate Stroopwafels for the first time and they are amazing ! I would highly recommend to travel to the Netherlands just to taste these. Oh and also to see a bit of the amazing urban planning and other great things they have to offer too i guess ...
Yes these services deliver waaaaay too fast. They’re dangerous for both the delivery guys/gals and other road users, they disregard EVERY road safety rule. And that’s not even counting in the lazy shitty attitude this enables!
One issue I've discovered with living in a walkable area - I have realized just how lazy I am. I can get to the store in two minutes on a bike, or to a convenience store in 2 minutes walking, and I _still_ never go and eat out all the time -.-
Many of these companies are in the US as well but not 10 minutes
When you're chilling a night with the boys this is such a lifesaver
I always thought "Getir" was a joke on "Get Here".
The 10 minute mark is so incredibly stupid. Why do ppl not want to order online and get it delivered? because I dont want to be home all day and I dont want to have my food waiting at my doorstep. But 30 minutes or 1h would be fine and it would be SOOOOOOOO much easyer for the company to realize
I don't think i can watch this channel anymore. it makes me so sad when i remember what i saw in the videos as I'm crossing 2 four lane stroads on the otherwise short and pleasant bike to work
or I could just walk across the street and have my groceries in 5
Would you like to make a video about Uber / Lyft and How does transit compare in cities and suburbs?
Bikes are a great transportation option but only if there's the infrastructure for it. It's awful without the right infrastructure
we have gopuff here in lexington ky, USA. it's reasonably quick, about 20 minute delivery.
This is stupid because what if these workers get a sense they must do it fast to keep their jobs and in that way they rush through traffic and cause traffic accidents. I think these things shouldn't be supported because they can have deadly consequences even if it doesn't seem like that at first
❤️
it’s always a good day when NJB uploads
One thing to mention. Doing delivery on a bike is way more fun than something with a car. You are in open air, doing some exercise and you have more contact.
Please confirm: Patreon supporters who aren't Nebula members will not have access to "the purple ones".
as someone with a physical disability i love having something like gopuff here (seattle WA) but the only times i truly need something that fast is if im acutely ill and in that case its been fantastic. that said i have zero problem paying a lot for delivery fees. id much rather pay that extra amount and have the worker treated well. wonderful video as always and its super interesting seeing it be such a big thing in europe.
There's no ethical consumption under capitalism, so go ahead and take advantage of any deals where some dumb money subsidizes your groceries.  But be sure to tell your delivery person that they have rights and should unionize to protect those rights.
If I were an entrepreneur, I would create a delivery start up that shows up at your door before you've even realized that you need something. ;)
I'm having the same issue with grocery service that I had with moped/scooters -- they're moving too aggressively in the fietspad, aboard e-bikes no less. Like you say, the road deck can't sustain all these mixed types of traffic safely.
It's cool getting to see the videos before they get released publically. (Just wanted to write something to help with the algorithm).
I don't need groceries delivery in 10 or thirty minutes. I usually don't need grocery delivery at all, but I think it is important to have some delivery options, if you don't have a car and are sick, for example. Also I'd be willing to pay as much for softdrink delivery, as the car sharing car usually costs me for a grocery shopping. I unfortunately don't have the room for a bike trailer.
Say, haven't you been in the Netherlands long enough that you can achieve a more native-proximate pronunciation of "De Pijp"? Oh, and I don't need my groceries in minutes. I started doing once-a-week curbside in 2020 because of Covid and have stuck with that. Getting stuff once a week prevents me from getting too much luxury food (ice cream) if I shop every other day.
It is useful for those who have mobility problems, and I applaud that. That said, I'd rather get on my bike and do my shopping myself. But I can see instances where I can use them, but if had to use them on a regular basis I'd rather use the delivery service from the shop...
Love the second thought plug, great channel, check it out!
There was also one that opened shop in Toronto earlier this year - Ninja Delivery. It was near King & Bathurst and marketed as 10 minute delivery convenience store (also with no public entrance). It lasted a few months before it closed down.
It's awesome that the workers in these companies actually stand a chance in Europe since the labour laws are sane. In US and Canada, these companies are getting away with murder.
Venture Capital does often seem to lead to market distortions, especially due to too much money chasing too few truly good ideas.  I think that my stock picker service's notion of investing in your best vision of the future, is not just better investing, but better overall.  But that's what investing should be...win-win, make things better than they were before, and share in that gain.  I think that gets eclipsed in the public mind by the less effective on average, but more attention grabbing, get rich quick schemes.
