12:34
The death road is so crazy right now
I saw smash bros for a second…
Crows line is better CLENSE THE DOUGLASS LINE
Horizontal line provides
The horizontal line is better
Make the Tower of Pisa Strate Again! MATPSA!!
16:44 what’s the song
So what was the name of the song he was playing? I can't find it in his music list
Across Doug’s videos I’ve heard undernight and xenoblade music, and now guilty gear. Whoever edits his videos knows what’s up.
thats a dragonfly
I have no idea what controversy this video got in, but whatever that was, it was all washed away by the purity of the line. It was beautiful, almost perfect even. Best TOFK video I’ve ever had the pleasure of seeing, 10/10
Finally getting over the lake with the music peaking in the background was the most cinematic thing I’ve ever seen, praise the line
So you want to bee line it
this was genuinely such a wonderful and hopeful video watching experience. like i cant stop smiling now. im so full of hope and love.  thank you dog. thank you chat. thank you line.
Came for Doug, stayed for the line
This challenge legit teaches about perseverance , this was beautiful.
Second time watching and I forgot how good this video is!! It's the fucking best video on the internet out there! That's my fucking line!!!
Doug makes us worship the line and is confused when we insist on holding the line
26:26 did anyone else hear one horrid note
this was beautiful for no reason
Top 10 dougdoug
Line% should be a speed run category.
3:10 no way brother forgot he could jump lol whatt
Man only on a DougDoug stream can you get a story full of so many epic turns and a happy ending about some arbitrary line drawn on a map.
Hoo 🧌
ima be honest i liked crows horizontal line more but still good job
Straighter line than Trump can walk lately...😂🤣
THATS MY LINE
16:02 cult | <- vertical bar
Why do you need cloths to survive in the desert wouldn’t being naked be better.
Hey Doug!! What about a comeback & do a HORIZONTAL line next....... so your map looks like a holy cross for the line believers, stamped beatifically on your map for all time!!!
What’s the hero of time doing?
So youre telling me the brother of the creator of the hit game feature the "the adventure line" followed a holy adventure line in zelda
You forgot that diagonals are also straight lines
Almost finished the video and realised that you somehow have 3 hearts, how did you even finish the great sky Island?
want a speedrun of this
this video is too heteronormative for me
16:32 DOUGDOUG DUMPSTER FOUND IT
Got 26 mins in but since he never turned off that god awful music, I couldn't finish the video lol
Ngl the water to line quote goes hard asf
Goot
These donuts are great!
I’m originally from pointcrow. So….. stop
If you're off the line, you're off the line! Trash beginning
The straightest video I've ever watched
Was not expecting a whole movie when I clicked on this. Absolute cinema
Ghost Link 22:37
The 'turning water into line' was a brilliant turn of phrase
Epic
Praise to the hurch of the holy horizontal
Wait it’s been over a YEAR since this released?????
legendary video
all praise the line
17:26 i said that once in an airport then got arrested!
As a priest of the verch I disapprove with this message
Cinema
We are truly as line.
HooHooHooHoo!
Kinda wish you went through one of the lines that went through Zora's Domain, that way it'd take you right past Mipha's memorial statue on the home stretch, and that sounds poetic.
o7
THATS MY MFING LINE!!! 🤣👌
his best video
Absolute cinema
why did he not whistle run😭😭
Gr8 video
R.I.P Horsezontle. Hamen ;(
HAIL THE HURCH
Cleanse the vurch
What a masterpiece
Geowizard moment
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Thank you god for giving me eternal straightness
16:42 help I need to know what this song is I can’t find it anywhere
I call it a like rhymes with grug
This is one of Doug's best vids in a while. Dumb idea? Check. Narrative born form said idea that has me screaming both in agony and joy? Check.
I'm here based on the fact you literally cannot see a tekken unforgiven comment section without people spamming the "line" meme. This is an ok video but would probably be better if people weren't annoying about spamming memes everywhere (nothing against DougDoug himself).
I laughed too hard at "turned water into line".. save me
God bless you guys, repent and believe in the gospel, John 3:16, John 14:6, Jeremiah 29:11, Joshua 1:9, Revelation 20:10, Galatians 5:1, 2 Corinthians 3:17, 2 Timothy 1:7. Jesus saved me I pray that you guys accept Him and He saves you too all praises be to the most high God of Israel amen
Now we need to see if we can cross TotK in a gay line
This is the real grand line
The vurch is truly evil
o7
hamen forever
Is it sad thst i was cheering when i saw that he did it?
It's been over a year and this is still peak cinema its only of the only YouTube videos that makes a grown man cry
Now we need to find the line that goes latitudinal and where the 2 lines intersect is where we build the church
Every doug doug video is like watching your son grow up to be a NBA star
HOO HOO HOO HOO
Praise the Line!
1:29 I dunno, the diagonal from top right ish to bottom left ish looks the coolest and is a longer distance!
Lain bless the holy line!
That. was. beautiful :')
absolut cinema
whenever i hear guilty gear music in your videos i feel like a soldier with ptsd from war because i just keep thinking astarted a match in strive
“We turned water into line”
POGGIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I rewatching this masterpiece but an ad played during every timelapse/important moment draining all the tension like a punctured balloon :/
Stop being disrespectful to Christianity
does this account for the curvature of earth
4:11 three inches massive bro idk what you’re talking about.
Return to monke
Water into Line is amazing writing. 👏👏👏
legendary video
Nice job, now do it in a gay line
Doug threw banana at a npc of color??😂😂😂
All hail the line
I trust the line, I love the line, I worship the line. We are are line. One. Together.
Suggestion. Rivali's Gale.
Doug, you know, I have tested the stamina thing in full and you do indeed use less in more time of you are patient. DO NOT JUMP. I play BotW because I'm bored. This game introduces new mechanics that I'm now aware of, HOWEVER, I know one flawless strategy. "This is a bomb. From a bomb factory. They're bombs." Now go do. If you're allowed to build a ladder, build one. You regain stamina while on it.
Horizontality is the only reality. Crow is my only leader
🤚peak cinema…✋
Doug make a sequel plz
But Doug I’m a lesbian :(
In todays episode of DougDoug: DougDoug throws his banana into a tribal woman
"so that everyone shall not perish, but have eternal straightness" definitely sounds like something from the bible, ngl...
CLEANSE THE VURCH
goat
Bro Doug ur a fucking legend. I really enjoyed watching u run on that PERFECT line. If I were u I think I would've just quit doing it. But u never gave up and succeeded. Massive respect to you Doug!❤❤
Eternal straightness god damnit another religion I’m excluded from 😢
Can't believe I watched all of this
o7 LETS GO LINE WE LIVE WE LOVE WE LINE
my gay freind couldnt do tis
What’s the name of the song that blasts at the end of
So the answer is no. Any variance, any movement from the original starting line in either a left or right direction, even by one degree, means you failed. The challenge wasn't to cross in a line that appears to be straight, though even his end line doesn't appear to be straight in my opinion, it was to cross in an actual straight line. He set the challenge and failed. No shame in finding out the answer was no, but a lot of shame in lying and pretending you succeeded
when link goes out of the line: well excuuuuuuuse ME princess
GOD, BLESS AMERICA!
Dynasty warriors music 🤌🏾🤌🏾
The only straight pride I'll accept
p crow did it better
THE HOLY LINEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
hate to say it but pointcrows cult and line are better, the thinner the better.
CURSE YOU VEMONS OF THE VURCH
Doug has discovered things about this map that no one including the developers has ever known
Bro truly sounds like markiplier
This should have been streamed on the line channel
the horizontal line is better, damn you verticals
Bro can't walk straight
3 days until the anniversary of line
As much as I love all of the challenge runs that spawned from this, this one is truly a magical experience  So beautiful
I can’t believe my life peaked 11 months ago.. ALL HAIL THE LINE!
Bald lol
now cross hyrule in a gay line
16:31 dumpster noise
4:00 All this line talk reminds me heavily of The Stanley Parable
Doug went from following the line to living on the line
I love how Doug and his chat have this special ability to instantly create a running joke that evolves into an epic story line on _EVERY VIDEO._
Turns out the true tears of the kingdom were the ones dripping from my eyes from this inspirational video all along
HORIZONTAL IS BETTER
Down with the Vurch! Hamen!!
Horizontally with pointcrow better ngl  Just a joke don’t flame me
Just saw a clip about dumpster diving and unpaused the video at 1:48
The church of the horizontal disapproves(context: pointcrow)
I think this might be one of my all time favorite doug doug videos, it's just so perfect
13:30 the line provides
i got so emotionally invested by the end.
Doug "I was just trying my best to stay straight". You know what? I get it.
What I love about this is that the thumbnail is from BOTW
It was a pleasure to watch DougDoug rail a big fat line like a pro.
I don't get some of the supposedly "blessed" moments, there are hundreds of small inclines in BotW and TotK mountains where you can walk a little to regain stamina
16:35 stellar editing!
Dog
Shout-out to Elaria who's perhornance joke inspired dagdeg to heights previously unimaginable
The line giveth and the line taketh
26:31 did you just quote John 3:16 but replace references of jesus with the "the line"
also, i really appreciate Chat providing the lyrics to that Caveman Song, the one that goes "HOO HOO HOO"
6:20(ish) - im pretty sure Hyrule uses the Metric system (those are Meters, not Feet) but i get what youre saying
16:36 this whole bit is incredible and more people should be talking about it. The music stopping and starting and then getting good right when the seemingly useless shit he picked up pays off is just great editing. Write that down, chat
OOGA BOOGA line great line good!!!!
Big Blast Sonic is perfect for a challenge like this. Please use it more.
These types of seemingly simplistic and objectively pointless challenges almost always create a lot of fun.  I did stuff like this as a kid when I got bored of the games I had.  Making your own fun in such obscure ways is one reason that open-ended/open-world games are my favorite
20:54
Geowizard would be proud...
Anyone in 2024
Absolute Cinema at the end
10:56 Link pumped his arms with the music
THIS is my favorite movie.
All thanks to the obsidian pillar
Gang what’s the name of the rock song?
someone please tell me the name of the smorc song i too wish to go "hoo! hoo! hoo!"
Baby Doug learns how to play ToTK
When someone finally has a problem that Doug Doug solved.
You even beat Geowizard to this one.
What's the music that plays at 16:48? Sounds like a Guilty Gear song to me
what's the name of the song playing at 10:30? i get in stuck in my head every time i watch this video but ive never actually figured out what its called
Ah, so this stream must be where the obsidian pillar came from?
THE HORIZONTAL LINE!!!
I can’t believe that Doug would do this to his gay audience
hoo tuah ,,, line on that thing
Hmph, a feeble-minded Vurch worshipper, true believers know the Hurch is the true path
I love the book of line
im surprised the song during the final stretch hasnt been muted yet
The epic music DID give me goosebumps on multiple occasions and I had to remind myself I am watching a guy walk in a line
Just rewatched this video and oh how I wish we had cinema for that ending
The vurch...
What is the music at 7:48
Dude, your shirt is sick. Where did you get it?
Doug, the Holy Linewalker has proven his faith, wisdom, and wit by walking The Holy Line. He shall be blessed with an unstoppable path in life.
Little does Doug know.. the glider is an item he got off the line.
Sly Cooper music at 9:40 heck yeah!
Cant wait for the sequal of walking in the gayest line 😊
Hamen
I believe in the line🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
26:16 of course this shit was lucky he found the fucking spine of the holy corpse
Hold the line
pathetic verticals. Horizontal rules.
The one piece is real!!!
The twitch comments read out are so funny??????
Nah you gotta redo this with a not 10 foot wide line and no paraglider
Now you need to do it in one go without dying or messing up
Point crow did it better
reminds me of 17776, there's a football game in that where the width of the field is the standard 53 yards, but the end zones are defined by the north and south borders of the US. The field passes through the grand canyon. They have to climb the walls of the grand canyon, carrying a football, while an entire team attempts to stop them.
Checkpoint Set at 20:52
this is just more proof that god decides what happens in dougs stream by whatever would be the funniest
THE VURCH!
DougDoug fans' relationship with the Line is similar to AstralSpiff fans' relationship to the Clown
3:52 Song name?
20:53 savin for later
This video hit super hard during the livestream. I hope mods can add swinging to the game. I’d love traversing my factory and the world like just cause 3 lol
What if link was a two-dimensional character:
this video single handedly redshifted my entire perspective on life, this right here is inspiration so unbelievably advanced once cannot properly express the emotions it conveys in anyway except for tears
18:29 - "As we turned water into line."  Magnificent.
VOD Watchers and Live Chat Enjoyers know...    Dwayne's roasted bass was interrupted and went back home.
Can anyone tell me the name of the song at 10:33 I have just searched for it in the stream music Playlist and just can't find it. Thanks
"thats enough story telling"   editor: plays storyteller from guilty gear
I'm surprised he didn't play the adventure line theme from Stanley Parable
That video was so hype out of nowhere I love the uncontrollable energy
Why is chat spamming 🪨 HOO 🪨 HOO 🪨 HOO 🪨 HOO so hysterical to me
The tekken fight music takes me back man.
Pretty Interesting 👌
this gives me hope
God wanted this run to happen lmao
The point where your line and PointCrow's line meet is the holiest place in all of Hyrule.
at the lake with the 1 pixel of stamina, it works because when you enter water with no stamina you get a little stamina back
Church of the horizontal 👇
20:55 Thank you for providing us with Tekken 5 soundtracks
This is the most holy-ist video i have ever watched. I am converted. The Line. The Holy Line is my God. And will forever. Be. My. God.
00:01 Hello Greg. I trust the mayor is treating you well?
Haha funny
dawg i swear one of my younger sisters used to have that exact same unicorn headset 😭
06:34 LOL DOUG THAT WAS HILARIOUS 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😮😢
o7 for the line
25:44 omg i also have a migraine and the song, in fact, make the pain worse. it sends a current of more intense pain with every shrill high note. what a masterpiece.
Douggggggggggggg
I reject the vurch
Its cool that Saudi Arabia is about to waste a bunch of money making a line in tribute for this.
Award winning video
Line is Love Line is Life Line is Perfect Line is Beautiful Line is Goodhearted Line is Great Line is Handsome
ok now hard mode: elden ring -- longest straight line wins
Vertical lines and the order of the vurch will not be tolerated
I cant do it... Because i dont have the game... And my switch was stolen... And i just dont have the patience...
Line 3:16 had me in tears
The Line will always provide
20:53 The timestamp i was looking for
In line we trust 🙏
3:59 Damn bro, bars
praise the all powerful line
Can we just take a moment to acknowledge how determined he was to look failure dead in the eyes and say, no
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
This is horrid propaganda from the vurch
Imagine doing this in genshin there arent any cordinates there tho
He was born on the line and died on the line but he will always be the straitest line that ever did line
I put this in loop because I love vertical line, and rock rock rock rock rock
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
I had the VOD playing in the background while I was going to sleep. Then the loud ass music started playing and I could barely sleep
Wlkwww😊
Shun the Vurch
Ok but can I get that playlist?
The line giveth and the line taketh away
Watching this video was so funny, it made me wanna merge without looking
the amount of coincidences that lined up for this to be possible is crazy
I now challenge all of you, DougDoug, Pointcrow, Archit3ct, and Fir to do one of two things: you must either cross your respective lines in BOTW (exact same coordinates and everything) or cross them in the depths.
Hoo!🗿hoo!🗿hoo!🗿hoo!🗿 20:54. 21:06. 21:24. 21:42🐟. 21:53. 22:45. 23:16
curse the vurch!
you cant beat pointcrow
ALL HAIL THE WURCH. ALL DESTORY THE VURCH
Ruok
Where did you get the licenses for these songs?
To all fellow members of the Horizontal Church, we must declare this place forbidden and unholy, the Vurch lives here, and we must shun them
THE HURCH SHALL PREVAIL
Fun fact you can crouch and it will add traction to links feet and you can stand on things you would think you could
This is the stupidest yet funniest thing I’ve watched in a while
Shhh, I finally got to see the straight line walking pioneer in action!
Random Question I came up with: Is there anywhere in the TOTK/BOTW Map that HAS NOT EVER been walked on by ANYONE?
This video repersents my life. Trying to stay straight.
the vertical church will never win the war hamen
"hey dugh your horn is flaccid" im dead😂😂😂
All hail the Church of the Holy Horizontal!
the holy chuch of the line has been crossed (pun not intended)
bad line
waot a fucking second. is the line graphic the origin of the obsidian pillar??????
Its actually crazy how invested I can be in a fucking video of someone walking in a straight line lmao
26:38 you talk about your journey you talk about Line 3:16, well Austin 3:16 just said I whooped your ass.
26:07 in a good way
Yes Doug Doug, make the LINK between the two places :)  Gets tomatoes thrown at me,  Me: “Hey why not use bell peppers” ok I’ll leave
Hearing big blast sonic gave me the best kind of heart attack. Storyteller just killed me
Fark
This is so copyrighted
Me and Doug Rutzou
Foolish DougDoug and PointCrow, you two stand no chance against the VERTICAL LINE
Hamen
SHUN THE VURCH. THE HORIZONTAL LINE IS SUPERIOR
16:07 im not gonna lie, i cried
this is a masterpiece…
Even tho I’m not a Zelda fan…  This makes me want to play Zelda
I BELIEVE IN THE LINE
28:07 welcome straights. What the frick
as a lesbian, this is the only time i've ever been excited for something being straight
To think i thought he would have to use any other line... THATS MY LINE
Pointcrow did it in a horizontal line, if pointcrow chat and Doug chat unite, they will cross totk in a diagonal line.  We must stop them.
I found the dumpster! 16:31
The thumbnail isn’t even totk, 0/10 would not Doug again
sick line bro
Rest in peace, rock. You will be missed o7
Ah, so this is the origin of the obsidian pillar.
4:11 Doug: "This is one fucking needing 3 more inches"
This is the greatest video on YouTube , I shit you not guys in these past 3 months I watched this video about 100 times , sleeping to this video became my routine . Dougdoug you have made this human life better.
The line will provide
Does anyone know what mod this is
I took a break mid-video just to listen to that song. Thanks for the tip!
This was my first DougDough video... love all the stuff here <3
Stanley Parable Adventure Line: TOTK edition
HAMEN DOUG
Praise the line
Point crow won. You should ask someone else to travel at exact angel
DougDoug congratulations for having a brother who is a game developer
That was fukin inspirational dude, let's fucking goo line
the music used are priceless
I believe in the line.
13:42 I'll have that patched out. 😏
What was that song? Absolutely powerful
I've experienced the stanley parable adventure line too many times to have faith in lines. That bastard ruined me
At 3:57 chat lays down a sick beat
Its 2 am idk what im doing with my life but i think i like it
On the first line you could just do it backword
And this is how God loved the World He gave His one and only Line so that everyone who believes in the Line shall not perish but have eternal straightness         - The Book of Line: 3:16
WE ARE THE HORIZONTALS WE SUMMON POINTCROW TO THIS TRIBE DOWN WITH THE VERTICALS
26:45 John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son so that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life  Meanwhile:  Line 3:16 And this is how God loved the World. He gave His one and only Line so that everyone who believes in the Line shall not perish, but have eternal straightness
really silly question but the chanting at 21:09 what is that from? i wanna use it for a dnd campaign cause its vaguely musical enough.
Have you done this with Skyrim yet?
" "I walk the line." -Johnny Cash" -DouglassDouglass"
Horizontal is the true prophet
Church of the Vertical Line: "Primitive rock throwers."  Church of the Horizontal line: "True faith."  Church of the Diagonal line: "Doomed to be infected."
LETS GOO.HAIL THE HOLY LINE
Very enjoyed this
I did not expect to get as invested as I did in this video, esp at the 3/4 section. Just...Godbless the line. O7
In a months time... I will post of a superior line... A longer line... A straighter line... I will seek... THE DINE
Can you walk in a straight line in Skyrim?
My caveman brain got so invested in the line in the 30 minutes I sat in front of my computer cheering for it I actually felt wrong getting up and walking sideways so as not to get outside the line
This was so beautiful.
HORIZANTAL ON TOP
10:28  Which one is that? (the music)
HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT! HOOT!
HORIZONTALS SHALL WIN!!! H-AMEN
I am so straight right now
Now do it without saves
What a masterpiece
9:29 YOUR OUT OF LINE!!
YEAH COME ON
The vurch is disgusting
The paraglider wasn’t on the line
This video is a masterpiece. Well done.
turning water into line is so underrated as a joke  18:29
that line is as straight a me. (im gay)
The sign at the church of the line saying "straights welcome" got me.
10:45 music is crazy
Dear Douglas Douglas. It griefs my heart to notify you of my departure from the vurch. I am now horizontally blessed. Kind regards.
REJECT VERTICAL BELIEVERS, REPENT AND CONVERT, PRAISE THE HORIZONTAL LINE
as a preacher of the hurch i came here to pity the followers of the vurch
I really really need to know the HOO HOO HOO song
Brothers in line let's not fight against each other. Both directions come from the same lord. So let us all unite and form a diagonal line across Hyrule so we can bring peace to us all.
everone must remember that numbers 1145-1155 are the holiest numbers in this and every other universe.. amen
All hail the horizon giving us the horizontal line. Let the blasphemy of the vertical line die with the winds from above.
the rock bit fucking killed me
POINCROW MAKES IT BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE THE VORCH AND HORIZONTAL LIVES
when he does the rock strat and the music just goes harder and harder
Crow did it betterrrr
THE LINE GIVETH
all hail the horizontal line Hurch. For it will lead to salvation. Hamen
ok but how are you gonna be able to say hyrule forest but not lake hylia?
BE RID OF THIS VERCH AND PRAISE THE HURCH, THE LINE GIVETH AND TAKETH
wait am i trippin how do u connect kbm to a switch
The Vurch is a lie, praise the Horizontal.
This may be the single most unimportant thing anyone has ever done in the history of mankind, and here I am grinning like a lunatic at the end. Truly video games are not merely art, but the HIGHEST art.
The vurch (vertical church) shall never rule the hurch (horizontal church) will rule over all directions!
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Point did it better
LINE IS LINE, LINE IS LOVE, LINE IS LIFE, LINE IS ROCKY ❤❤❤
HAMEN     point crow will win
The war between the hurch and the vurch reminds me of cult of the lamb
Praise be to the horizontal line
Screw verticality
Vertical < Horizontal
THE VURCH SHALL FALL! RISE, HURCH!
Pointcrow's line is better. Deal with it.
THE VURCH SHALL FALL
We hate the vurch we praise the hurch
* I walk the line by Johnny  Cash starts playing *
Just finished Pointcrow’s video and I came here to pity the lost few who follow the Vertical Church
Renounce your vertical line ways and embrace the one true line! the holy horizontal line!
This is the second to most insane playthrough of a video game I have ever seen.
This is unironically the most evidence I have seen for a religion
If you came here from pointcrow, run back to your false prophets
this was my first dougdoug video! been a huge fan since. IDK if you'll do another AI plays humongous games but I watched the full freddie fish VOD and the PJ sam video more than once so I would be super, DUPER happy if you did AI plays putt putt. Putt Putt travels through time is my favourite but saves the zoo might be easier for AI to beat.
You better do this with 1m each side now
Give me a diagonal
People who found this video after watching pointcrow  👇
Pointcrow challenges you
Verch will fail
“We turned water into line” made me laugh out loud!
Love the religious symbolism with the line. Johnny Cash had his iconic song "I Walk the Line" and fittingly enough Johnny Cash did narrate the King James Version of the Bible's New Testament. Even if you're not religious, it's worth a listen to hear Johnny Cash read the Bible at least once.
Horizontal line faith reigns superior. I am sorry Doug
beautiful ending
It blocks out gerudo desert Doug? Yeah Doug? I sure hope a certain bird streamer proves that wrong
26:26 Doug’s face😂
I love the high note he hits
Praise the horizontal line, HAMEN!
Praise be to the Vertical Line, may it be a pillar in our daily lives
I actually love Doug Doug
Idea: Make a program that grabs the x and y coordinates from the bottom of the screen and tells you how far off of a slanted line you are. Then you could do this challenge with any arbitrary straight line
Miyamoto actually told his employees he was going to "do a line", when making this game.  His workers were confused and interpreted this to mean that he wanted them to set up a line that could be perfectly crossed into the game.
Yo? Guilty gear music i didn't think doug doug was chill like that
I once had an African substitute teacher who taught us how amazing lines were for a whole hour (I'm not joking, it's just as funny and cringe as you think it would be), all I know is that he would be proud of you my man.
26:26
This might be the best video ever
That is way too many feelings wrapped up in one video.
throwing the banana at the log was PEAK COMEDY GOLD
that was actually beautiful..
Oh nice
that was SO CLOSE IT'S INSANE
I need that hoo hoo song
Doug can prove everyone about everything! This dude actually did almost the impossible :) I am so dang happy seeing  how unique this content really is
that... was beatuful
Holy shit, it's The Aventure Line™
Good to see you working more on the snake 2 dlc!
This Was Amazing!!
I LOVE TOTK SO MUCH HH HH H HH H
Brother this video is gas, I had to drop a sub
holy God* he blessed ya
audi arabian city propaganda
what is the music at 20:56? i genuinely need to know
Lisan al-lineib!!!
Bro your chat is so funny
18:27 Growing up in a religious household, I find this a lot funnier than it probably is.
Can I please have a full release of the song in 21:16
I will never see the Bayonetta 3 credits the same again 😂
What's the HOO HOO emote called
Tip you go further without jump climing .
Why was doug wearing those awful headphones if he couldn't hear the game well through them? Was it something I missed?
man what an awesome video
this reminds me of og game theory
How did you get me so invested in this line?
if anyone else is wondering what music is playing from 5:00 to 5:23 - it's "Fountain of Dreams [Kirby]" from Smash Bros Melee (I wasted way too much time finding this)
This video shows how Doug can make any simple task into a masterpiece.
Wholesome
My God The Song Was Beautiful And Intense. You Did A Great Job With Music ❤
how do you play totk with a keyboard
THE LINE PROVIDES
This was life changing.
The line provides
I knew Link was straight
A new line has emerged
"where we solve problems no one has" LOL 💀💀💀💀💀
Drawing the US - Canada Border (100% real) ) (not clickbait)
I am very offended by you saying the line is holy.
Small line: big bois aim for angles not horizontal/Vertical Top left - bottom right ;) you decide if its worthy ill watch the stream no joke.
Thats BOTW
22:50 HOO HOO HOO
New speedrun?
The Line is my new religion and Doug is the priest
🗿HOO HOO🗿
Try the other line alternative
3:23 the shooting star was a sign that the line is life
1:35
I hate when he uses the term "this rips ass" like it's a positive term or synonym for "this rocks". thats so incredibly wrong ripping ass means farting
What a perfect line survey. Proud.
those yond believeth in the line shall beest reward'd
Now do it blindfolded, first try with no margin for error
This is fucking insane 😭 one of the best videos
We solve problems nobody has
26:40 your line is homophobic
That rock is my sun
Address it Doug, you know what you did
27:10 ROCKY
8:46 “butterfly”
The music at 15:30 (ish) being in time with finally staying in the line was beautiful
The power of LINE compels thee! ✝️✝️✝️❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥🔥🔥🔥
what he meant with  the korok leaf is pushing yourself while on the raft, therefore making a boat out of a korok leaf and a few planks
This made me straight
What is the name of the audio played at 5:32
why does Doug use XRD music, I didn't know he was cool like that
im high asf ts is like a movie
17:25 The Line helps those who help themselves.
Cross all pf botw in a straight line or go 500,000 blocks in minecraft in a straight line
he just nearly passed some gloom hands
People: how straight are you? Me:
HOO HOO HOO
Spec Ops: The Line
I can't watch this cuz I'm not... straight.
The line provides
THE LAW IS LINE, THE LINE IS KING
That was beautiful
Me one minute into the video: "Lake HEELIA??"
Seleccioné este video para cenar rápidamente, no puedo creer que aparté mi comida y me empezaron a salir lagrimas de los ojos
someone PLEASE tell me the song used for the HOO HOO HOO rock throwing bit PLEASE
This is actually a sick idea for a speed run category
At first, I was a doubter. Then, the line  showed me its forgiveness. I have full faith in the line.
in both botw and totk if you mash B on a steep cliff you just recover stamina, it's slightly nerfed in totk but still works.
2:23 every cartoon climbers be like
why is this so emotional😢
27:26 “that’s my dad fucking” That was the best timing ever
The line gave us it's blessing For the pilgrimage begin With the perfect combinations Of steep cliffs for standing  It provides food and shelter For those who in it believe There will be trials,tribulations but we mus'nt let deceive  With the blessings of the line No monsters shall atack From south to north  without ever looking back  oh the blessings of the line oh the blesseings of the line let the pilgrimage begin
You should try this in dragons dogma 2
clicked on the thumbnail expecting a dumb concept,  -life changing experience -restored faith and belief -crying -no longer impotent
HOO HOO HOO HOO
The madman is actually gonna try and do it!
Entire plot of the line character arc: >difficult obstacle >faith shaken >line miracle >survive >faith restored >repeat
WTF Im wasting my time before exam to watch this nonsense video, and I freaking LOVE IT
THAT'S MY ----------------------------------------------------------------
PRAISE TO THE LINE
Cinema
Praise the Line 🙆‍♂️📉😊
This dlc for snake 2 is crazy
"In this modern society, it has gotten confusing and disorienting. It' getting harder and harder to feel like we have a sense of identity and purpose in our lives. The Line will give us Purpose." Like, did DougDoug just put modern fanaticism in a nutshell?
new speed run for Zelda ToK
This was so dumb at first, but life changing at the end. The Holy Line thou hath walketh. 😂
False god, there is only one holy line and it is horizontal created by the prophet pointcrow
🎉 *Promo SM*
why does this line have more character development than most movie characters XD
This is one of the best challenges in the history of BotW and TotK history. I salute the you sir for commiting as well as believing in the holy line
Before this video i didn't believe a straight line truly ever existed... the line is sacred!
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
doug doug just casually making cult
I think this was inspired by @geowizard for anyone who likes this challenge👍
Can you experience a single drop of affection from a woman that isn't hideous ONE TIME in your WHOLE SAD LIFE?
Oh this is WILD. I did not imagine myself getting nearly as invested as I did by the end. THE LINE IS TRUTH, THE LINE IS ETERNAL! ...and thanks for clarifying which song in the music credits is the hoo song. It's the little things that help people...less well-versed in gaming like myself get invested.
20:55 Tekken 5 FTW!!!
Ok now cross the map in a diagonal line
Geowizard would be proud of you
This is legit one of the best videos ive seen lmao! The concept is simple, but so well done Good job bruv
🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO🗿HOO
'Sup Doug! Wanted to know if you have playlist of songs and soundtracks you use while streaming.
Wasting my life in the best way possible. Love this
Do there i was enjoying tekken 5 OST (unforgiven aka the junkyard stage) and see comments spamming about a line so here i am. Also haven't played a Zelda since GameCube.  Edit: I'm so glad you guys brought me here
THATS MY FUCKIN LINE!!
hell yeah
beautiful...
as a gay person i really feel so seen by this video. a very accurate depiction of the struggle we gays go through when having to do anything straight.
Guilty Gear music can make you feel like a protagonist no matter what you do lol
Saw people on Twitter hating on this video because of the thumbnail, decided to come and watch it and it’s by far the best TOTK video I’ve seen
@curtomatic did it better.   The truth hurts.
that's a really gay headset
At this point, this is wasting of life to amuse audiance😢 no need to set so many restrictions lol…. It hurts to watch😂 but still respect to the effort 🫡
The people saying "go around it" have no object permanence
Such a good content 👌. God bless the line🙌
Totk but after the tutorial you only can use banana
you just don't know all the bugs
This is one of the best videos so far
Where can i get hoo hoo hoo chant?
HOO HOO
the rock saved the run
Well call me MBS because I love the line
I like how there's always a speedrun timer there even though most of these challenges aren't speedruns lmao
this is so line
GeoWizard would be proud, lol.
I’m only here because someone on twitter thought this was clickbait
Never before have I ever been so excited for a line......  Well, maybe one other time
ITS THE ONLY REALITY IN WICH THE LINE IS PERFECT!!!!
Zelda meets Geowizard. I am here for this.
28:28 My headcanon here is that rocky saved link because falling out of bounds takes 1 and a half hearts doug had one and 3 quarters so in the end he survived with a quarter health to spare
Highlight of my day
Seen this vid be suggested a few times, decided to watch it out of boredom, now im a believer of the line 😅
truly the 17776 of zelda
We need a revisit for the horizontal line so we can make the Holy Cross.
8:25 music 🎵🎶 name please 🥺
If no one minds telling me, what's the song in the background at around 9:58? Been wanting to listen to it for a while.
mans legit tried to Johnny Cash his way across Hyrule. what a chad.
THE ONE LINE IS REAL!!!!!
9:54 what song is that
Id be line if i said this wasnt epic
horseizontal is out for blood
26:37 - 26:48 sorry doug i'm gay can i still believe in the holy line?
Doug : “this is going to be a 2 hour stream”. The stream: 7 hours
He could just throw the red chuchu at the pine cone to make an updraft ..... The line deserved better!  Amazing video btw we need more of this in the totk community
The line is love, power and life, without the line we would perish, power to the all mighty line!
was more interesting then I thought it would be
"DO YOU BELIEVE IN LINE #2?" *looks at the runtime remaining* "nope."
I've never been so emotionally invested in something since I played RDR2. LETS GO LINE!!
what is the song at 10:30 i cant find it :(
We praise the horizontal line
At 05:36 he used a glider so its a fail
whats the audio from at 21:12
what is the name of the HOO HOO song
Wait…     IS THIS THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR
All hail the holy line
4:12  Me: Well said my friend… 😭
Oscar nominee, just saying.
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Doug doesn't know that we know what he did
This made me tear up. Truly one of the  lines ever.
Note for anyone rlse attempting this- in TOTK, if you enter water with no Stamina you gain a small amount back, so you can cheese with that.
this in one of my favourite videos now holy shit that was awesome
4:11  do you know what else needs three inches  YOUR BELEIF IN THE LINE
This is like Man vs The Wild except in video game mode, well done Doug 👏
13:59 unicorns are better than this
I kinda wanna see him do the other routs he planned.
I love how Doug just descends into caveman the longer this video goes on 🤣
doug does not know how to find a part where ya boi can stand without testing it, its not that hard
We love line we must praise line
And that was the start of a new religion
Ah... The camino santiago. Have fun Doug.
Straight shot, no turns. Just like my friend Aiden's dad
now thats my line  . [ Sat 5:55pm 3/2/2024 ]
WE TURNED WATER INTO LINE... I CANT HAHAHAHA
this video had 28 minutes? Bro I had so much fun that I thought it was like 10 minutes long right before the end.
i cried oneteen times
What’s the song at 21:07 called?
If you believe in the line the line will believe in you
WHAT IS THIS SONG, IVE BEEN LOOKING FOREVER 10:31
rare to find a dougdoug stream with a discrete leitmotif
You missed the opportunity to play ”End of line” from Tron Legacy.
Why was the most shocking thing about this whole video to me hearing Guilty Gear Music in it @9:50 ? A crossover I never knew I needed
I just found and tested a horizontal line across hyrule.  Heading Straight East between 1360 and 1370.  There is a hinox near the start.  I’m not sure it was necesarry but I was able to pick up some fleet lotus seeds and cook them where I had put a kitchen in Link’s Terry Town home to reach the final small island on that path.    The whole journey was fairly free of struggle and I believe it could become a narrower line!
Crow did it  It was so beautiful horizontal line supremacy
The Tekken 5 music and the whole chat going HOO HOO HOO was amazing
This was way more emotional than I expected
"turning water into line" is just downright genius writing.
I really love the editing on this ❤️ subscribed
20:52 Rock arc
20:52
THAT'S MY BOY
We need more LINE!!!! Make more LINE!!!
What's the name of the ripass song at 10:30
Which emulator did you use?
THE SACRED LINE 💂‍♀💂‍♀💂‍♀
Someone found a BETTER LINE    This is blasphemy
so glad i was there for part of that stream KJHFKJDH I BELIEVE IN THE LINE!!!!
Could you do beating legend of Zelda, tears of the Kingdom, with only a rock
We know what you did doug in 2018
Thank you for actually crediting the video game music you use in your videos. Most Youtubers don't for whatever reason. It's really annoying.
Top 10 anime comebacks
Live line love
If the next Zelda game doesnt have the line as a side mission, we riot.
Live Love Line
easily one on my favorite dougdoug video
you can set the mini map north up.
This video slaps
Hey DougDoug. To further elaborate and refine on the idea I had the other day. Instead of just trying to get one of the stranded Korok from one side of the map too the other. How about you take one on a tour of all the major cities using only Vehicles and contraptions? Though with no flying or carrying long distance. So things with wheels, boats, catapults made form springs, sleds made from fallen trees and stuff like that. To make it extra hard. Perhaps the only defense you can have is vehicle mounted weapons.  You could call it something like DougDoug's grand tour.
Yo this is pretty fucking hilarious. I'm in.
16:20 the food he picked up is called Armoranth ahahah
Imagine if he did this without saves.
This is an actual masterpiece
We need the soundtrack for this omg I need to listen to that stuff during homework so I can pass my exams
Lake "Heelia"? Nah.
I BELIEVE IN THE LINE
New idea. Can you transport a Korok from one end of the map to the other using only vehicles and makeshift contraptions. No flying or carrying significant distances allowed. I think watching you crafting all sorts of stuff, even just a fallen tree 'sled' to traverse the map could be funny.
This was beautifully made
this convinced me to buy totk
Meridian by ola gielo is the perfect soundtrack for this
EPIC
This was truly a moment in history
IN THE LINE WE TRUST 🙏🙏🙏
Line 3:16 says you just whooped that challenges ass
I did this in December without useing a single item just walking
Can't wait for naked line% to become a thing
Dragonflies aren't butterflies...
14:11 DOUG THIS WORKS ON EVERY INCLINE IN THE GAME
Basically what the workers making the border of the us and canida had to deal with
THE LINE!!!
Line% when
This is insand
We need more Zelda challenge videos !
Believe in The Line!!!!!!
There is another line! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGusHEMzIVU
Such an amazingly tense episode! The last 15 minutes were absolute dread in anticipation of the inevitable cliffhanger... Can't wait to see how Matt manages to drag out the tension even further next week
Did anyone notice that Doug whipped out a controller at like 1230
IN LINE WE BELIEVE
Wow, this was an emotional experience
Curtomatic line superior
Geowizrd does this irl
He sounds just like Markiplier
I didn't think this could be VERY entertaining XD I was screaming at the screen every time you get out of the line hahahaha this is why I love games, you can come up with any sort of challenges and try to beat them! I want to try it out too hahaha
The line from the Stanley parable? Is this a cameo?
Now do the underground
Never did I believe in a God  but it looks like I have a new thing to worship. All hail  the glory of the holy line.❤😂🎉
13:24 another thing is if jump into water with zero stamina you get a little bit back. Use this to climb up onto and along a wall, and when you run out of stamina and fall back in the water, you get more stamina back, and then repeat.
you should do a geowizard and do this irl
there's this mechanic that if you fall into water with no stamina it gives you some back. you can abuse this by slowly making your way along the edge of a lake by swimming until your just about to run out of stamina, then at the last second, you start climbing the wall and jump. this will deplete your stamina and you will fall back into the water... but it will give you some stamina back for falling in water with no stamina.
Hey Doug, someone’s trying to prove you wrong with another line
at least zelda's a dragon now and can't judge us for doing this instead of saving her
This was so good I had to subscribe
I just realised the thumbnail is actually breath of the wild viewed from the great plateau 😂😂great video!
8:55 Snorlax? It this all part of a single Zeldamon Universe?
Zelda: Link what took you so long!? Link: I was pretending I wasn't drunk :D Zelda: ...
who's ready to make a dedicated speedrunning comunity about this
Beautiful piece of Cinema😢. This reminds us: put in the work and the reward will be great!
i actually really like this i wonder how many lines are possible there could be alot should be a speedrun category lol
as someone who sat through all 8 hours of this stream and made the mistake of going all in on doubt with channel points, I wasn't even mad I lost everything in the end, because the journey was what mattered in the end, not the destination  also RIGGED or something, idk
doug you need to address the controversy, we don’t forget, we know what you’ve done
New subscriber unlocked
ohh fun, like the Geowizard videos but in a video game (that sounded like I was casting shade but I genuinely wasn't)
This was glorious
masterpiece
should have played End of the Line  by the Traveling Wilburys
This is my favourite video on Youtube BY FAR
I actually cried a bit at the end
Damn, this line was straighter than me.
This video is way too straight for me.
Here from Curtomatic. He 1 upped you on this one.
26:48 should've been Line 11:55
completed the -295 to -305 line from Talus Plateau to Hemaar's Descent. Includes the Sages' Vow Memory tear, Boss Boko, Blue Maned Lynel, Wizrobes, Lizalfo camps, boko camps, Gloom hands (if you're lucky), epic climbing and paragliding, jumping over Hyrule Field Chasm and more. Some smart cooking is required at the Satori cooking pot to survive the cold Gerudo highlands. #TheLineIsSacred #TheLineIsEverything (Thanks for the challenge @DougDoug !)
This whole video it’s just a piece of art
This is the real Grand Line of TotK 🎉
Isn't that the obsidian pillar?
I love how twitch chat gradually just formed a cult for the holy line.
So I know copyright exist but come on Johnny Cash "I walk the Line" was made for this.
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO!
Someone else has found another line and is challenging your sacred line!
"we turned water into line" 😂😂😂
Oh no, not Youᵀᴹ again!
Beautiful 😍
Having watched Gamechamp3000 too much, I was confused at how nonchalantly he treated each failure until it dawned on me he didn't have to start over from the beginning each time.
This is beautiful.
:0 Old school doug doug format!!  "Where we solve problems, nobody has."
Do it but in the depths/skys
16:30 for people who watched "GeoWizard's straight line challenge across Wales/Scotland/Norway/etc" this NPC is Doug's "Verity" 🤣
Just realised this video is probably the closest I have and will ever come to a religious experience. The music, the sheer power of the line, the feeling of sharing a space with other Line believers, all made for an otherworldly experience.
14:32 based song choice
Doug looks like he is wearing a Summoner's horn from Final Fantasy. 😂😂😂
That was an absolute saga of a line
This is real cool keep up te good wortk
I thought you recover a bit of stamina when you paraglide into water with no stamina meaning that lake right after the dueling peaks could've been cheesed a lot easier
When I first heard Storyteller at ariund 16:40, I was really liking it(I'll explain why in a bit) so I was like "Cool! I'll look this song up!" Then I heard it and was disappointed. You see, it clearly has this high energy vibe, but with the way Doug did his breaks to keep talking, in my mind I imagined a short little instrumental between the verses, which gave it breathing room and a song that has both high energy but chill relaxing vibes, which are some of my favorite types of songs.  Tldr; I'm joing the We Hate DougDoug reddit to voice my complaint😂
Gone is the fartocracy, now come the ages of the holy adventure line of guidence.
This looks like the sequel to Getting Over It
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
The line gave me so much faith I had to hit subscribe 🙏🙏
lil bro is NOT airrack 😭 if this was also faked thatd be so funny bro
So fun fact, back in BotW, there was a glitch which involved dropping from a paraglider into water after running out of stamina. In TotK however this was patched out by introducing a mechanic in which Link will regain a sliver of Stamina after dropping in water. Which is how Doug survives at 13:10
Legend of Line : Line of the Kingdom
BELIEVE IN THE LINE AND ALL HAIL ROCKY 🫡
can't believe I thought this stream would be boring and left that day
this is such a good video, holy shit.
07
“So that everyone who believes in the line will have eternal straightness💀💀💀”
The way everything perfectly landed to have an axe and an enemy to pick up said axe and a bomb to disarm said enemy a tree to provide wood and then have the axe for self defense later immaculate holy line
1150
This has to be the most epic line I've ever seen in my life
This was absolutely incredible.
lake hillia
this is the greatest video ever made
Next, do the same thing but with less leeway
Wow. That was beautiful.
THE LINE SHALL BRING US SALVATION
called me weird but the line "try to stay straight" sounds kind of gay, or is it straight?
5:17 bro Iink died to a rock to the back of the foot.
Please stop changing the thumbnail
Ah yes unicorn headset
Possibly my favorite video in years
"Bone voyage" is such an out-of-field pun. Love it, Doug.  Praise be the line piece from Tetris for blessing this run.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
and in that moment, we were all straight
Now do it without saving
This was incredible. I believe in the line!
17:19 Dota
Address the controversy Doug
What I thought was going to be quite a boring video had so much strategy and happy accidents lmao
So, doug, we definitely need you to try the other lines now, please. Pretty plase. Pretty, ptertty, please 🙏
HOO HOO
I’ve followed the line in Minecraft
This is wonderful.
Plot twist: the obsidian pillar foreshadow this entire challange
all hail the line
As far as I am aware, at the end of The Grand Line, you find The One Piece. So, Doug is now King of the Pirates, yeah?
I'm about to watch the video. First thought: No!
this was a funny video, I liked it
THIS IS CRAZY!!!🤣
"Turned water into line" had me hysterical! Love the vid.
BRO YOUTUBE LET ME ACTUALLY COMMENT ON VIDEOS!!!
what did i just watch.... the making of a the line cult :D?
Geowizard looks a bit different in this video
The devs clearly didn't want you to just walk in a straight line. It's designed for you to look around and and explore.   But I love stupid challenges like this because I'll be damned if a game is gonna tell me how I'm "supposed" to play.
That Final Fantasy X music HIT‼️
14:52 Imagine being such a pathetic lifeless person that you donate just to insult someone and act like that person doesn't matter, when you are affected by them enough to watch their stream and donate lmao. Haters don't realize that they are literally OBSESSED with the streamer, more than the fanboys even.
love the modern biblical journeys being on this channel
Why did you use botw for the thumbnail
The fucking straight tower of pisa
Was that Sly Cooper music I heard or am i crazy
I can't believe how convoluted and contrived the events that transpired on The Line were that were just perfect enough to make it all possible. Wow, what a journey!
Has to be more lines
Thank you for specifically marking the Hoo song in the description.
Reminds me of the guy who walked across Norway in a straight line.
this was hype
Watch out for farmers!!
This would be better with chillet cause he can walk
1:41 Hey doug, ypu should probably talk to your doctor about your horn issues.
When he says reset did he really restart all over every time he was 1 off? Or just load a Save or so?
I dont understand how you can begin an endeavor like this without looking at the map to see what youre going through. I mean, one look at the map and i can instantly see that its nothing but cliffs and water.
Gotta hear Doug’s explanation of what a pixel is.
Well that was incredible
"turn water into line" is hilarious
Hy-lia ❌️ Hee-lia ✅️  Bokoblin ❌️ Goblin ✅️
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Can we get a version with diagonally across to make it harder
One must imagine Sysiphus happy
Yo the thumbnail is a botw pic, you can tell by the lava on death mountain.
Bro rlly used the botw map for a thumbnail O f a totk video
What a splendid line😊
This is the best video on the entire internet.
This unlike your extremely obnoxious constant TTS stream is actually watchable
PRAISE THE LINE!
21:08 IS THAT STAGE MUSIC FROM TEKKEN 5!?!?!?!???!!!
10:10 FUCK YEAAAAAAAAA BIG BLAST SONIC and Storyteller at 16:00 as well. Doug my fucking goat with the xrd music
renember the souI reason be beat this is because doug went to the cave chat saved the day + the Iine
This is like some old-school text based RPG shit, having to find exactly the right combination exactly before a massive obstacle!
DO THE SAME WITH SKYRIM PLEEEEEEEASE
This was actually fucking amazing. The build up mid to end video was so fucking intense. Also praise be to the man that credits the music he uses in his video! Thank you Doug!
What song at 26:00
I love these videos so much, I remember the rdr2 vs BOTW explained with food videos even though it's been like 6 years now.  Same with the shield surfing Hyrule castle video
That was , strangely beautiful!
I used this method to find a lot of the koroks in my casual play through. Using my korok mask I picked a spot on the opposite side of the map and traveled as close to a straight line as i could. I gathered over half of the koroks before resulting to using the guide.
1:06 me: no way this is possible   24:15 me: I BELIEVE IN THE LINE
BLESSED LINE! BELOVED LINE! BLESS THE BOMB! BLESS THE FIRE! BLESS THE DOG! BLESS THE ROCK! BLESS THE LINE! BLESSED LINE! BELOVED LINE!
This is the story about a man in a journey into insanity
This had to been intentional from the developers
has anyone called geowizard yet?
Pixels: "Am I a joke to you?"
please make a part 2 with a different line i beg
this game is so good isn't it
Even if people sold things along the line… technically you don’t have rupees from the line to buy anything with, unless you sell your soul but what you’ve got is rather worthless
Very small thing, but you should’ve enabled the minimap pointing north thing
dougdoug learning strats that i figured out playing botw/totk for 400+ combined hours while avoiding every possible fight because they scare me
I clicked on the video cuz of the silly title... I wasn't expecting to find such a wholesom experience... full of experimentation and pushing the boundries of perfectly designed game mechanics.   Thanks for the video, I will never forget it
Does this remind anyone else of that Adventure Time novel where Finn and Jake walk in a straight line and whoever walks the furthest wins a mug cake?
you talk like a youth pastor who is a little  too friendly to the kids
THE LINE HATH BLESSED US!
3:37 the way my body jolted immediately recognizing Final Fantasy X music
great job
Someone’s should try this IRL
My favorite part was when he called a dragonfly a butterfly
Damn, this was about as straight as the US Canada Border.
Water into line 😭😭😭😭
They changed what happens if you fall into water with no stamina in this game compared to botw. Uaed to die now you get 1 segment of stamina. Alao you can do the stamina regaining stuff anywhere if you theres less than like a 50% incline
TLDW: Yes
The line helped me celebrate Valentine's Day. Blessed be the line.
Why'd you change the thumbnail so much?
This video goes unreasonably hard
Shoulda started from the south side I guess.
Glider aint an item? Im not a zelda player.
“Turned water into line” lol
Before you spend anymore time, the HOO HOO HOO HOO song is Tekken 5— Unforgiven.
Ok now do it again, but this time in the depths
Now it just needs to be done in one run, no saving.  But that would be crazy. Right?...
Minor point at 6:20, but that is 11 "feet", not 10, but that's really just splitting hairs, I suppose (which, is kinda what this challenge is about, so if you choose to stay in your arbitrary "box" of 10 "feet", you need to cut one side by one "foot". Or, you can increase it to 11 "feet", but now we're in a sort of "ship of theseus" realm, where what's one "foot" difference, and when does that become unexceptable? (yes I'm aware of the spelling error, it's all part of the point of "what's acceptable?") Obviously, that's up to "the audiance", but how much of the audiance needs to agree? Now we're in the next level of "The Ship", and since what is true for the level above is still true here, we aren't any closer. Why 51%? Because "the audience" said so. But why should that be, and where does this end? Which I guess is "The*" point (*well, "A" point).  Anyway, Thanks for attending my TedTed Talk, generously hosted at you local Wendy's (plus any future and past "relavent" "memes"). If you made it this far and feel you understood everything, feel free to post what you believe "everything" entailed. I probably will and won't agree. Which, if you know, is "life", I guess.
what is the song at 14:10, also at 25:25
Guilty gear music go hard
This video is considerably the best one I’ve seen in a while, the music slaps, the humor is so good, and the chaos levels are uncharted
THE LINE IS GOOD, THE LINE IS ETERNAL, THE LINE WILL PROVIDE
As a person who is everything but straight. Thank you Doug
My new religion linialism
GUILTY GEAR MUSIC !?!?!?!?
This video was so much better than i expected xD
This is legitimately unfathomably lucky.
Yeah alright I'll join this cult. BLESSED BE THE HOLY LINE.
yo the editor went hard on this! mad respect!
Doug used this video to evade the IRS
they nerfed stamina on climbing to force rune use. in botw you could do it just fine.
He took “linear gameplay” a little too seriously.
Just wanted to say the original thumbnail was better
Guess it really runs in the Wreden family that there obsessed about lines, first Davey with the Adventure Line™ and now this?
At first I thought I was watching Joov lol great video man i loved it
I have never watched any of your videos. This was my first time. Very happy I did. What's next?
all hail the line!
TOTK but your in the Blue Hawaii arc
This is so entertaining
20:44
I don't know what compelled me to click this video... but I'm glad I did. I got so emotional.
In Line we Trust
Can some PLEASE tell me what song is at 18:25 because i have spent twenty solid minutes trying to figure it out with the songs in the description and it is not working 💔
This is the first DougDoug video I’ve ever watched  I’m sick right now and on top of that just started my period and I kid you not I just cried over the line  All hail the holy line 🫡
This was very entertaining. What a way to end the video lol. Great job!
Actually pretty incredible
Hello vod chat I love you
VOD CHAT FOR LIFE
Hello chats and Doug!
mayby the line wasnt about the finsh but about the rocks annd items we took along the way?
GeoWizard would be proud!
PRAISE be to the LINE!!
If you need a good artist recommendation good kid don’t issue dmca strikes against anyone
this was so emotional i love it
We believe in the Holy line🙏🏼😇
The line is so... powerful **sobbing**
This video is a fucking masterpiece.
did bro just start a cult
What an emotional journey. I wish I would've been part of it. Such a great video. I'm crying out of joy
all hail the line!
HOO
lol was not expecting guilty gear music at the 10 min mark there
He found the grand line. That rock is the one piece.
16:52 THE MUSIC THE MUSIC AGHHHHHHHHHHHHH AUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! WHAT THE DOG DOING!!!!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
16:15 This music makes my hamster want to literally FLYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! FLY HAMSTER FLY!!!!!  DON DON DOND OND DON DADADADADAD POM POM POM POM, YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
15:12 THE MUSIC THE MUSIC THE MUSIC, MY HAMSTER IS COMING ALIVE!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! AUIHDØAWIUHGDØAIUWHDØAWHUD! AIUPHDPAIUHDPAIUH! AHHHHHHHHH! AUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
14:58 The music makes my dead hamster come to life MANNNN NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! AHHHHHHHHHHH😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
14:31 The music makes me feel like my dead hamster is dancing with me in the night filled with shadows and darkness, while a pony eats all the apples in the ENTIRE world 😭😭😫😫🤡🤡😂😂
Now do it again but screaming parkour
It was just a matter of time until someone attempted a straight line mission across Hyrule.
do a gay line where your only allowed be turning or standing still. NO STRAIGHT!
idk why I watched this...
Honestly shocked and dissapointed that Doug never played "I walk the Line" By Johnny Cash.
Now go diagonal 🤓
and its all downhill
Hey Doug, fun fact! :D In 3D games (such as TotK), pixels aren't actually a unit of distance. They still exist, ofcourse. It's how screens work! However, inside the game programming it doesn't measure with pixels the way 2D games do. Instead every 3D game has its own arbitrary units of distance. So everytime you say "It was one pixel off the line," or "there were five pixels on this rock," know that that isn't quite how it works^^ I really enjoyed this video though, took me back to the olden days of challenges :)
I'd theres Doug Doug and doug Doug Doug and Doug Doug Doug Doug then where's Doug? (Just Doug)
Line 💙
I never expected this video to be this good. It's just a line.
Adventure Line....
Now, the quest for the fabled y-axis line so we may find the true perpendicular of hyrule.
the grunting chant had me wheezing
Rock void hit good hit link void hit bad hit
8:48 cool butterfly
Indeed i believe in lines too
5:11
In good german said nackenklatscher
What a f***ing masterpeice
THATS MY LINE
The story my grandpa gives me when I say it was horrible to get to school today
Who's line is it anyway?
I didn't realize the last song was from Bayonetta.
Is it just me, or does it no longer have volume? I didn't watch it 6 days ago, so I can't compare, but now that I have time to watch it, I don't hear anything...
Would it be evil to ask exactly how many lines are actually possible? Because.... Now i really wanna know
Bro mad respect for the guilty gear music, had no idea you listened to Daisuke. If you’ e ever played any of the games, which one was it (or which was your favorite) and who did you main?
Naked man goes on spiritual journey trying to follow "The Line"
The Guilty Gear music goes crazy with this one.
This video gives me the urge to read some JOJO steel ball run for some reason
Now I know why it’s called tears of the kingdom 😭.
HALARIOS
22:13 “BOOM BOOM FIRE ROCK” Doug Doug 1969-2024
Play palworld plz
i love the line, i believe in the line
omg i didnt realize that this vid is half an hour long.. I thought it was an 12ish minute vid.. damn, thats how entertaining it was!
FINALLY! THE ORIGINAL INTRO LINE IS BACK! I FUCKING LOVE THAT INTO LINE!  "HEY THIS IS DOUGDOUG, WHERE WE SEE PROBLEMS THAT NO ONE HAS" X'DDDDDD.   LET IT NEVER BE CHANGED
i tought no way im watching someone walking a straight line! best journey! i wasnt thinking about the obstacles! this was so much fun!
Just because of the *HOLY LINE* I subbed, the bone of spine for the line, that cone of pine for fine fire, a sub I give which is mine for this will age like a fine wine, and I saw the hidden vine in minute nine, with me own sign
26:27
I literally was not going to watch this one, at least not now, but thanks to autoplay I watched it, I'm so glad. I teared up a bit at the end. We trust in the line.
Ok so this is what they mean when they said to "Line and Subscribe"
That line is straighter than twitch chat
Wait. This isn't Palworld.
Doug was cool until he altered a very significant piece of scripture.
This was majestic
At one point it was possible to get 2 heats in TotK, idk if they patched that out though.
Doug you should do can chat beat pokemon
What a beautiful video o7
"once again we had witnessed a miracle as we had turned water... into line"
Let us pray to Saint Euclid
This vid broke my brain to the point that every action I've taken for the last like, 30mins, I was paranoid about leaving the line.
THE HOLY LINE
Can we appreciate the work Nintendo put into designing the line so that this is possible? Once again they show that they're masters of their craft.
Everything the line touches, is ours now
"hello ostrich" ostrich hits doug "YOU MOTHERFU-"
Blessed be the line.
Hey whats the song at 10:30 and 17:00?
Doug, I can’t believe you still won’t apologise and address the controversy of those poor poor children. Shame
Amazing Video. Don't know this guy but entertaining as fuck.
We were with him... until the end of the line...
This 3 second intro is amazing
Someone call Geowizard, please
Why the heck did I cry
one must imagine sisyphus happy
I saw you change the thumbnail, Doug. You can't hide from me.
I love the unga bunga music.
Actually curious if one of the horizontal lines would work now, too
This video is too perfect, my phone literally turned off because of lack of battery at ~28:30.
What's the song at the end of the video? It's name doesn't show up in the description 😢
2:53 favorite comment from chat here: “I believe in the line, not the liner”
ok now do it in the depths
maybe the line is the friends we made along the way
I've been watching for months but this sacred line is what got me to sub. Praise be to its straightness, hallowed be thine geometry, unending, unerring.
we neet a line speeb ran
Hearing the hymm of the faiyth made me happy
Great storytelling!
Hevey metal Doug is completely awesome
As Mando would say, this IS the way!
we are as one from bayo 3 was so fitting
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
That was a good 30 minutes of my life
Pineapple 🍍
Parabéns Tu é uma inspiração para os brasileiros
love all the guilty gear music
He turned this game into 2D.
I like that you're abusing the Hymn of the fayth
WTF THAT Guilty Gear ost at 9:51 got me very good  Based editor
lowkey teared up at the end
What was that, heretic? Something about the old gods? They are nothing in comparison to The Obsidian Pillar...
maybe the line was the friends we made along the way
Now you have to clear the other two maps in a straight line.
This video is proof that cinema isn't dead
Godly
Its funny how both BoTW and ToTK have the same issue with cliffs where there will be a spot that you can just barely stand on and recover all stamina
Does anyone want to join my new religion Lineism? If you become a Lineist, you accept the Holy Line as the one Answer to all of life’s problems. There is an answer on the Line.
16:43 what song is playing during this part?
the only instance when im getting hyped about walking in a straight line
what a banger video I'm convinced that Nintendo intended this
Definitely didnt appreciate you dropping the f bomb while my 8 year old was watching.
This is one of the funniest videos I’ve ever watched, a cinematic masterpiece
doug please make a stream where you tell chat they are controlling mario in mario maker but you are controlling mario it’ll be funny
HE SAID BIJOUVER!
the only person that gets me invested to someone walking in a line... great video!
This was a religious experience
Even Ganon was cheering for Link in the end.
this is honestly quite incredible
Trust in the line the line is life
shoulda played Creed
Spec ops the line if it was good
An absolute masterpiece of a video.
Bro thought we would notice that the thumbnail was from BOTW
this is so dumb I love it
hooo hoo hoo hoo
cheering, applauding, crying at the 16 minute mark, only to pause and see 12 minutes remaining
god ur chat is so funny its ridiculous, what a good time
We believed in the line and the line hold true. We believed from the book of line final chapter final verse 28:32
So we look back at ourselves when we did not believe. The line was fully when we did not believe. It was true that we were not worthy of line now. We see the truth only cause our geometry allows. May the great line be complete. 26:32 From the book of line true
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo 26:32
Hoo hoo hoo hoo 25:15
The line represents life line will not be nice. If we do not believe but we believe the line will gift us someday. It might not give you when you need it. It might not be able to be done. Approach from a certain angle, but a line completed is a line. Holy a line failed is a line curse Rest and pepperonis to all those failed lines that could not make it. From the book of line true
When’s the speed run category Comin Doug 😢
made the adventure of walking in a straight line super emotional
Is this inspired by the geowizard guy who tries to cross UK countries in a straight line?
THAT IS MY LINE
The music made everything so epic 😍
the real 2023 goty idc what anyone says
What song was used for rock throwing sequence?
Did anyone notice the the thumbnail is botw?
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO WE ARE THE LINE, WE ARE THE BEAUTY, WE ARE ORDER, WE ARE THE ROKK, WE ARE ONE, WE ARE THE LINE, BY THE MIGHT OF THE RULE OF TEN, MAY WE SING OUR SONG INTO THE NIGHT HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Missed opportunity to play some Johnny Cash..I walk the line
slur
The line give eth the line, take eth away
Not We Are As One playing lol
If only you could Horse Tilt here.
Just watched a man walk a straight line in a video game and it was one of the most hype moments I have seen this year in gaming. :D
"The Line will give us purpose."  Doug channeling everyone's favorite monarch I see.
This is the journey of my life🥲
Whats the music playing around 14:10
First time watcher, noticed you used Hymn of the Faith in the background, nice song pick, love FF-X!
This is ,, interesting.  So, maybe the doubters _were_ wrong after all:  Tears of the Kingdom is a linear game too!  It _does_ have a proper Storyline!
This game sucks
@GeoWizard would be proud
Does a straight line challenge; Accidentally creates a religion.   Only on DougDoug’s channel..
The True Spec Ops: The Line
THIS IS THE GRAND LINE
The change of the thumbnail Got my attention.
16:33 Why is everyone calling her a "theif"? Did I miss an inside joke? Thats intolerable!!!
"I believe in the the line" somehow sounds... german
Idk why but I get mad when I see the chat tell him the coordinates he’s on when it’s off the line, like 10 seconds after Doug’s realized or when he knows he’s off and just testing stuff, this is truly something the line can’t solve
Nice headset Doug btw. (I have the exact same one don’t ask why)
watching this video and my uncle fucking died in was during the comeback part too ://// rip uncle sam died at 8:51 pm
This is so goofy and so beautiful at the same time 🥹🫡
Doug's a story telling genius. He's just walking in a straight line, but it's so much more than that
Live laugh line
The holy “Church of the Line” got me better than I should have.
TLoZ:ToTK line speedrun
ive never been so hyped over a fucking line in my whole life.
This challenge really shows how complex and integrated the physics and environmental systems are in this game.
that was... beautiful
Pixel is not a unit of 3d measurement!!
The biggest sin of this video is that the song to complete it all was also used for the ending credits of Bayonetta 3, and reminding me of that god awful ending is criminal. Insane idea I can't imagine the patience this took to pull off and hilarious as always!
i should not have gotten this emotionally invested in a line but godamn
As a Christian, I find this video both extreamlty blastphemous and extreamly hallarious.
bone voyage
26:36 I love and praise the line but what if I don't want eternal straightness?👀
24:54 the line blessed you, knowing it would be a struggle and therefore sent you all that you would need beforehand, praise the line 🙏
In the line we trust! In the line we thrust our rocks up high! Hoo Hoo!
Airrack could never
new speedrun category unlocked?
All of a sudden I become very irritated every time I see someone or something turn
God Bless the Line 🫡
HOO!
Fun stuff, but let's glorify Jesus, he's way better than a Line, HE gives eternal life!
zelda: "link please save the island ad everyone here" Link's dumbass: "i walk"
HOO! HOO! HOO! HOO!
Great video, and genuinely loved the music choices lol
This might've been the most incredible journey of my life
"turned water into line"  Incredible.
Am I the only one upset he used a BotW pic for the thumbnail for a TotK video??
oh my god this is where the obsidian pillar came from.
Can't wait to get speedruns of this!
Does anyone know the orc chanting song?
19:56 if I understand correctly, you went back later and actually followed the line so it didn't matter, but you did cross out of it here as chat is spamming you
This is genuinely one of the best videos I’ve ever seen. All Praise be Unto Line 💜
Next challange, travel the holy line from start to finish FIRST TRY
I loved the "We are as one" segment, wasn't expecting it, since I tend to forget that Doug is a Bayonetta fan apparently lol
this is some of the best content on line
The thing that pains me the most about this run is that he didn’t lock the map to north, making it easier to keep that black line accurate on the map
this was a cinematic masterpiece holy shit, 11/10
Please more Zelda content, I’ve been starving and this is gold.
13:11  Link will also alway recover a little bit of stamina if he runs out of stamina before landing in the water, so you can perpetually climb out of the water run out and land back in.
9:18  If only Doug knew that all he needed to do was press “B”.
thats my line
Wait doug is straight?
douglasdouglas really does the most dumb shit but still makes it entertaining
Was not expecting the guilty gear soundtrack for this
10:16 Chat collectively thinking that "Big Blast Sonic" was actually "Smell of the Game" made me very disappointed.
YOU CHANGED THE THUMBNAIL WE CUAGHT YOU
We need small ant and point crow to try this, the Dougs Holly Line has to be a official challenge, lets spam till it happens
First video of yours that I’ve seen. This was an absolute banger.
Excuse me… LAKE HEELYA
Where in the hell did you get the discount universe's version of Enya X Josh Grobin music?
Bro has changed the thumbnail three times already
Thumbnail was changed from totk to botw. The r/wehatedougdoug community will hear of this one
ah yes , Douglas Douglas, a man who can give a straight line in a video game a satisfying narrative arc
More real than airrack
"I'm with you until the end of the line" -Captain America, circa 2014
3:34 looks so inappropriate lol😂
DougDoug there is this guy called Fir who copy's nearly all of your vids.
“We are as one” is just about the only good thing to come from Bayo 3
Doug why do you say Hylia and Lanayru like that 😭
May the blessed line give us all strength
The thumbnail is BotW? FAKE TotK VIDEO! UNSUBSCRIBED!
This is a cinematic masterpiece
Lined
Words cannot describe the emotions I felt upon hearing "hey this is Doug Doug where we solve problems that no one has"
Link was going back to his primal instincts after awhile.
The thumbnail is botw💀
#poob never giving up
The timelapses of link climbing are hilarious
26:24 Bone Voyage killed me
The line gives, but sometimes the line takes
that was so good oh my god
Doug has the best chat. I didn't see a single "Hi Youtube" in it.
Can we get a Top 10 cults created in twitch chat video ?
The line provides
This is dumb
wtf where is GeoWizard
Doug mug
I believe in the line
NEVER DOUBT THE LINE!
Doug's doing lines..
wow. this video was incredible. The Line even made it finish at exactly 3:00 for me
This is just the trial for Doug to better understand climbing tech.
bro the ggst songs caught me off guard
Amazing. Truly beautiful
There are so many miracles in this, so people are dying because of this
when i played the game... i am ashamed of myself but... i got to rito village the wrong way... wanna know how i got there? I CHOPPED DOWN ALL THE TREES AND USED THEM TO MAKE A BRIGE! I FELL OFF THE LOGS A BUNCH BUT EVENTUALLY I GOT IT JUST RIGHT AND MADE IT! IT ALSO FELL DOWN AT SOME POINT! BUT I MANAGED TO MAKE IT ALL THE WAY OVER WHILE IT FELL USING THE GLIDER!
goddam, that was a beautiful line
If you want to see someone do this in real life, check out geowizard! He has done multiple straight line challenges, with his successful attempts being across Norway and Whales.
ok i know this wasnt intentional but 28:04 "Welcome, straights!" on a church sign sounds kinda bad lol
So when East to west line?
When are we gonna start getting line% runs?
All this just for tax fraud
I’m so ready to join the Cult of the Line
I did it on my own with breath of the wild and I’ve never seen anyone else do a challenge around it but I did a lap around hyrule, you should give that a try
Line Line Line Line Line Line Line Line Line
To every Outlander out there, spread the word, a signal was sent to us, and we must take this as a sign, titanfall must return  This message shall repeat throughout the outlands, don't forget, we're watching.
Honestly one of the most entertaining videos I’ve seen in a while. And it’s a Line.
Straight lines can be sad, if they are parallel, they will never cross each other but non parallel ones wil only cross in one point and then, keep saparating forever
3:12
live laugh line
that was one of the most magical tears of the kingdom videos i've ever seen and you walked in a straight fucking line
since when do we blast guilty gear ost in these??? hell yeah????
Literally football in 20020
3:59
Go long, go hard, go line.
Is there no whistle running in totk?
I have never played a single zelda game, I have never watched anyone play a single zelda game, or anything linked to it. I only know of Link from this entire series, but this video. God damn this video might just push me to get into Zelda and holy flip 10/10 entertainment. Sub worthy
i got emotional. praise line.
This is brilliant. You guys are genius.
Geowizard would be proud
“As we turn water into line” xD
26:44 b-but im gay...
2:52 So true, just without the line part
Now, can you cross all of ToTK in a gay line?
Keke edited this magnificently
the zelda adventure line
I thought you were going to do one big run per attempt instead of continuous re loading saves.
Another AWESOME DougDoug Video! This has been an Epinator88 comment, thank you for watching.
Doug really crossed the grand line
Praise the church of the Line! May your paths ever be straight!
Line 3:16
I just realized... This is an epic pilgrimage. But the god is the line we walked along the way.  Also sorry, the book of the line has no ugly curl numbers - clearly you meant to cite the Book of Line - 4:17
This was beautifully edited 👏👏👏
smallant speedrun collaboration when
Glad he's finally done something without using ai
I been obsessed with his channels but I still don’t know what 07 means 😢
"Bone voyage" at 26:20 literally killed me. Peak comedy right there
19:00 when the sly cooper music kicked in i knew it was getting serius
line cult
The kinghts of the holy line from Berserk where finaly gathered for one last battle.
GeoWizard would be proud.
All the npcs are waiting for Link to save hyrule only for him to pull a wild card and devote himself to a line cult
Line.
Ok now do it again but this time you have to carry rock all the way. Rock is life, rock is love.
That was majestic af haha.
THATS MY FUCKING LINE
My faith has been restored in a line. We love DougDoug, he is our favorite prophet.
Your thumbnail is from botw
I liked the old thumbnail better, it had more Doug per Doug
Dougdoug, Can you make an AI to speed run Skyrim? And have it race chat?
This was fin’ awesome! I’ve watched this on the edge of my seat…
line bless the holy line!
The line provides
This might legitimately be the best DougDoug thing ever. After Minecraft but you explode if you say a block. Praise the Holy Line!
What an amazing message that this line holds, a true tale of perseverance over every struggle to get to your end goal without compromise. Truly a beautiful motivational story
This feels like old DougDoug, like his old gta voice command videos
Now that it’s been routed I need to see the speedrun
"We turned water into line"
LINE
6:05 - Same.
wait, TOTK is on PC? How's he using KBM?
I just loved the caveman Doug throwing the rock at the tree. Honestly that was my favorite part of this "Magical Journey Across The Line"™
This might be the most perfect video ever released on this website
Im STILL waiting for you to make a video of how to make an efficient production chain managed by slaves in Palworld
Hello there! :D
Wait, is the girl in Zelda called Link? I always assumed she was called Zelda 🤨
It’s also worth noting that when you fall into water with 0 stamina then you gain some stamina back, meaning you can just constantly climb above some water, moving left/ right, and falling into the water, then re climbing on the wall.
(12:45 for Requiem, 13:04 and 24:40 for We Are As One) Ah, Bayonetta 3. You might have started a full blown civil war in the Bayonetta fandom, but at least your music continues the line of the Bayonetta series having absolutely godly music.
I always forget how epic Doug's storytelling is in these videos. Each one is just as amazing as the last
This has become my comfort stream. I've watched the whole vod at least 7 times now
This should be a speed run category
this video is just Doug realizing that you can gain stamina on steep cliffs if you manage to stay on them ive known that since botw
Beautiful. Truly an inspiring achievement.
viewers actually saved the run with the bomb
16:00 lets be real if the line was a bit to the right itd be way easier
I have that problem
1M views in 2 days damn also why the thumbnail change? 🤔
Best video I've ever watched
Ok not hating on this but why is the thumbnail a picture of breath of the wild?
i love the last 10 minutes just becoming ooga booga time
7:02 *if I were to
This was the best 6.45 hrs ever. The line we trust
Why the f*ck are the donators so hilariously funny 😂
@slimemachine ... Straight shot
Line% is real
Thumbnail change?
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
:)
Lol
the fact that the ending of this video gave me emotions 🫡 the power of editing
Believe in The Line! Kill in the name of The Line! Be the Line! Become The Line! WE ARE THE LINE!!!
I never got so hyped for a line since seeing demon king's health bar
While the initiative is admirable, this hardly counts. This has to be done in one sitting without save scumming. You've tested the route, and confirmed that it works. Now it's time to show us actual dedication.
This is exactly how Miyamoto wanted people to play this game
This is genuinely beautiful, im smiling so much it hurts a little ❤ made my day dougdoug
10:30 I first heard that song in SAO Abridged.
I cant believe I just watched a man walk in a straight line in a game for 28 minutes.
This VOD was amazing
Homie played Hymn of the Fayth, gigachad youtuber
8:31 can't believe Doug didn't help some guy who was inside the line. R/wehatedougdoug will have a field day with this.
Doug should recreate his old burp asmr
Ah yes, a classic DougDoug “we solve problems that no one has” 😌. Not to say I don’t like the Twitch stuff, but this is just a nice change of pace to ‘classic’ Doug.
PRAISE BE TO THE HOLY LINE 〰️😇
Doug I refuse to watch you after what you did
Why didn't you turn on the "Always North" Map it would have made it so much easier
I want to see the other two attempted
I remember watching this vod ages ago! This was a great surprise absolutely loved the video!!! ❤❤❤❤
Bro changed the thumbnail 😱
Now convince Ludwig to speed run this line with you
This is way deeper than it needs to be and I adore that so much.
I've thought it'd use programming to analyze the map first
Its nice to see doug taking notes from his brother
"we turned water into line" yet another holy line
“Beautiful”
Praise the Line!🙌🏼
"Water into line" is a great quote.
Now presenting - The stanle- I mean legend of zelda adventure line!
didnt point crow do this?
That...that was worth a sub.
Honestly this might be my favorite dougdoug video. this is fucking crazy in execution, editing, and more. The fact that the doug team is able to make such a simple concept of walking in a straight line into an emotional rollercoaster of hope and loss to such a degree is honestly fucking incredible. Great job
You do not look like your voice. I dont understand the voice from that face 😅
It’s an honor to watch a video where victory is finally achieved 🥹🫡
Almost a mil views
Took Doug almost 7 hours to walk a straight line. That sounds like a DUI to me.
"We turned water into line" is actual brilliance
this is literally how i travelled AHAHAH
Hoo hoo rock go boom
Got to be the most mesmorizing middle mirracles on The Line I've ever seen, nice work T. Chat & Doug
Find another ;D
Surprised no one made reference to the song “I walk the line” oh well
@Geowizard this is your fault.
It’s a line when it’s on the map, but it’s technically a plane in 3d space (where Link is)  (I’m a 🤓, I know.)
This video is straight-up pretty fire! 🔥
Why do you keep changing the thumbnail?
I like the thumbnail change much more click baity
This might be one of the most return-to-form DougDoug I've seen in a while. It's beautiful how this dude evolved.
Guilty Gear music just makes things more hype
Finally, a work of art that actually made me cry
CAUGHT YOU DOGDOG, YOU CHANGED THE THUMBNAIL!!!!
play two levels of peggle at once
Damn he really said Lake Hylia like that
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO!!!
Damn Dogfood really did turn water to line with this one.
Doug accepted the line as a god? Finally he gets what The Stanley Parable is about.
Praise be to line
I BELIVE IN LINE
This is why the Line is the main character.
Why is the music so quiet in the YouTube vods? For several months the music has been so quiet you can barely even hear anything at all.
Yo, Geowizard time
Bro this is legit such an adventure
it's not joever till its joever.
“Once again, we witnessed a miracle as we turned water into line.”
…. the thumbnail is botw, not totk
truly sticking to the straight and narrow 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
This video triggers caveman neurons I didn't know I had
Yooo, straight line mission ?
No one’s talking about how beautiful this is 😢😢🤩🤩🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏Line bless
WHAYS THE NAME OF TJE HOO HOO HOO SONG
Hi doug
Naked Link 😳
(picks up a dragonfly) "And a butterfly!"
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
God bless the line
Doug's really stretching the definition of "pixel" with this one lol
Line is good, Line is holy. Line make good thing happen. Me love Line
plot armor
14:19 bro ive been doing this since botw
Perfectly. Fucking. Vertical
this is a straight up masterpiece
"Previously I was just kinda trying my best to stay straight, but-" Me too, Doug
HOLYYYYY W!!!!!
IS THIS THE SOURCE OF THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR!?
yay i love the sly cooper music
I can feel your sanity and mine slipping throughout this entire video
I can't believe he charged the thumbnail how dare he
OLD INTRO IS BACK BABYYYYYYYY
Daaamn, everything _lined_ up perfectly for this to be possible!!
anybody know the music at 4:20 im pretty sure its from oceans 11 but I don't know what track
Is this a One Piece reference?
18:28 the fire emblem music 🥶
D-Did the thumbnail change?
Such a beautiful line!
My boy Doug really just put Tekken 5's Unforgiven theme for monkey hit wood wit rock.
Pretty sure initial line from the south would be much easier. Also couldn't the korok leaf or bomb couldn't move the plank in the water to be able to move on it with korok air pushing?
Geoguesser crossover!
I was listening to this on my drive to work, then later when I had time to finish watching it I noticed how snappy the editing was. Whomever edited this video did a great job, from the cuts, to the music sync, to the clips pulled from the VOD. Just wanted to say I noticed the effort that went into the video!  Also, the Line is a false prophet. The Circle is the true deity.
The emotions generated from this video are almost as powerful as the original A crew and Z crew moment. I may have shed a tear as I reflected on how the line, in a way, represents the journey and challenges DougDoug has been through in the last year. But mainly, GOOD FUCKING LINE!!
Hey Doug
praise to the line o7
GeoWizard has entered the chat
Totk is peak gaming
Water into line had me loling
Video of the year. 10/10 IGN
Turning water into line
Can't believe I legit spent 28 mins. watching a guy walk in a straight line... and enjoyed every second 😂
Okay, but the HOO song was so hype, wtf
25:12 quick question; couldn't he just burn the grass to make an updarft? Why did he need the wood at all?
I literally cried at the end. LONG LIVE THE LINE!!!!!
The Line provides.
There is a guy who does this IRL on youtube too.  I love straight line missions
18:15 FIRE EMBLEM ENGAGE MENTIONED
THE LINE PROVIDES
Seems pretty straight forward to me
Honestly my favorite video of all time.
19:24 Ironically, using a leaf to get across a body of water is one of the first things you learn in both Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom. He didn't know this?
Faith in the line
Doug has the superpower of coming up with the stupidest fkn ideas that shouldn’t really work for good rewatchable content and making it into a cinematic masterpiece. Complete with a plot, rising action, climax, and falling action.
6:32
I like how you can tell how old the stream is by the color of Doug's hair
I AM THE 69KTH LIKE LETS GOO
The way Doug and chat turned into orcs by the end made me die of laughter
Playing the music from 2001: A Space Odyssey at 5:30 when he's climbing the obelisk-shaped rock was absolutely genius lmao. 10/10
Can you please do the 'Invaded... using AI' series again and also do the game/movie characters fight till death part 2 pleaseeee
Love the bayonetta music
Doug it’s time to address the controversy
16:10 thank you for introducing me to another great song
Who is still watching in 2024.
Was this inspired by GeoWizard? He tried to do this IRL, across Scotland or something.
The jungle was SHOCKINGLY easy.... get it? Cuz of the lightning? No? Ok I will see myself out
bit of a different doug doug vid but an absolute banger
GUILTY GEAR MUSIC RAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
I spent 100 days looking for treasure on a deserted island
I only have one thing to say HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
This is a masterpiece from start to finish. 🙏🏻🤌🏼 all hail the holy line. 🙌🏼👏🏻
the rock throwing bits have me in stitches
Dota sound effect Dota sound effect
20020 moment
this video has so many close calls it almost seemed staged but unless doug literally moded the map structure it was legit.. and i LVOED IT!
10:55 it’s not only Doug and the music that are synced here. Link’s also synced and I think that’s beautiful
this is one of the most impressive and inspiring DougDoug videos yet, truly, the power of the great Line is unmatched 🙏
The lining part 2 : Horizontal Horror
never doubt he line, anyway, where is the church?
This video gave me religion. And so much enjoyment
What song is playing at 15:46 ??
The editing in this video is peak Douglet Doug Douglet Doug Trio Trio Trio
is this the correct way of playing zelda?
GUILTY GEAR OST GUILTY GEAR OST GUILTY GEAR OST
Great video Doug
Imagining this as a spiritual journey by a tribe of cavemen who worship the longitudinal line makes it so much better
Now all of totk in one gay line :3
The fact that Doug's brother made the Stanley Parable... and Doug is following The Adventure Line. 😂
❤❤❤
5:21 hey look! Its the obsidian pillar
how does doug make something feel like a whole cinematic movie every time
This is a certified Doug classic
Praise be the line!
whaat is the song that plays at the start of run 4
that was surprisingly hard and entertaining ⛔⛔⛔
🫡in the line we trust
Loved that Tekken 5 music near the end haha. Surprised there was not any GeoWizard reference in a video about a straight line.
The line has taught me the path of straightness. Because of the line, I will now become *STRAIGHT*
This was weirdly inspirational, and I've seen Bill Pullman's speech from "Independence Day"
o7
🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_ 🙏 _the line_
Yay My fav trans YouTuber posted
To fix your horn, you can stick a piece of scotch tape on the back & use the tape to pull the horn back a little, then stick the end of the tape to the inside of the headphones band.
Beautiful
Can someone tell him the coordinates are in meters?
What a fantastically edited video
What song was at the end?
Checkmate athiests
this was far and away one of the best streams of the year. pls watch the vod
i love that every single stream, chat always develops a theme of the stream. every time.
I support everyone being straight.
"why are you guys so confidently incorrect" "I can break this log with a banana"
27:00 the torrent of HOO HOO 🐸 when he found the rock was beautiful
Geowizard would be proud
Hello guys! Can anyone tell me what’s the song at 13:50?
It was… amazing
The line is the purpose in all of our lives, it gives a sense of identity and purpose to man. We must believe and not doubt the power, importance, safety, security, and need of the line.
Your chat is so funny. Good job chat.
new dougdoug challeng
can't believe I've seen a religion and pilgrimage in Tears of the kingdom
26:26 when you give it to Doug
We'll call it the Legend of Zelda Adventure Line! Davy Wreden would be proud.
Doug has the superpower of coming up with the stupidest fkn ideas that shouldn’t really work for good rewatchable content and making it into a cinematic masterpiece. Complete with a plot, rising action, climax, and falling action.
3:30  -Doug "okayy??"        sound of Link snapping his neck in litteraly 63 pieces from a fall     -Doug "Not okay. (bummer)"
26:27 put this on a tshirt
Doug doug turning a simple straight walk into a motivational story
Something about the book of line being printed in rainbow font while preaching eternal straightness is wonderful.
Creating a church that only allows straightness?  Wow, Doug.
Wake up babe new geowizard video just dropped
10:56 bro link pumped his arms at the perfect time lol
I love how Doug Doug's chat always finds a way to make a religion out of his videos lmao
Wow. I cant believe I caught you changing the thumbnail. Unbelievable. edit: what is a "algorithm"
Idk. Can you?
hey there Doug, I was wondering how many hours you have on a guilty gear game and what your favorite Guilty Gear game was
I’ve started living my life in a line
all this to commit tax fraud
holy line is love holy line is life
Now there only remains one question, Obsidian Pillar or Holy Line?
I still need to finish this game
doug was like: walking in a straight line, you could make a religion out of this
Doug's ability to turn a simple idea like walking in a straight line into an epic adventure is truly impressive. The dedication to staying straight, the hilarious banter with chat, and the creative solutions (like breaking logs with a banana) made this video an absolute joy to watch. Keep up the great work!
hu hu hu
How long until Line any% speedrun category?
I love line
Magnificent.
This video was so good. I rarely comment on vids but this was entertaining throughout.
like that the chat message at 3:59 is almost perfectly synced with the bassline of casino drive
Paise be to the |
What's the name of the song at the end?
"...everyone who believes in the line shall not perish but have eternal straightness." Very ironic to hear from doug considering he's so very clearly gay for Parkzer.
I love lines
6:05 something poetic about doug wearing unicorn headphones saying "Previously I was just kind of trying my best to stay straight"
gut
Doug's ability to turn a simple idea like walking in a straight line into an epic adventure is truly impressive. The dedication to staying straight, the hilarious banter with chat, and the creative solutions (like breaking logs with a banana) made this video an absolute joy to watch. Keep up the great work!
HOO
THE LINE HAS REACHED #3 ON TRENDING. THE LINE IS GRACIOUS. THE LINE IS KING. THE LINE IS LOVE.  THE LINE WILL RISE ABOVE ALL.
This wouldn’t have been possible if chat didn’t force Doug to go into the cave.
This is just a metaphor for you glorifying cocaine, Doug. You can't veil your true intentions.
_THE LINE PROVIDES!_ *ALL HAIL THE LINE!*
Doug's videos have no reason to be heartwarming but the ending legit made think about the good times and the hardships. Line bless you, Doug.
Man I love big blast sonic and other Guilty Gear songs bro
I think you created a speedrun category
🪨
Bro turned water into line 🙏
And the believers won massive quantities of dollaridoos that day. 🙏
"That one lady robbed my banana" - DougDoug, 2024
Geowizard would be proud, if he would even play Zelda that is
The crazy part is finding that axe on the sacred line means he could have used the fire going North to South to cross the river and it's possible both ways.
DougDoug's AI Pajama Sam video was easily my favorite video I saw on YouTube last year. Less than 2 full months in, an idea this stupid is gonna be tough to top in 2024. Godspeed, line.  ____________________
I still cant believe Doug wont address the controversy, we know what you did Doug
I didnt realize Doug’s brother implemented the stanley parable adventure line into TOTK 😂
you know it's gonna be a good video when a cult starts in twitch chat almost immediately
Sailing into the sunset
I was just rewatching this VOD and hoping we’d get an edited video of this! This was one of my favorite streams I caught live!
Really enjoyable vid, hope to see more challenges in the future
The problems that no one has are back!
This single line was more epic than the entirety of the game :D
really good editing this time around, good job keke
24:52 I thought that was queen lol
Genuinely one of the best videos you've done in a while. And I only mean that positively, because you've been doing great videos back to back. This is just the best in a sea of bests.
Beautiful
The Stanley adventure line tm would be proud of what you accomplished.
HOO o7
"Hey, this is DougDoug, where we solve problems that no one has"❤
i feel like ive seen this challenge in a different game by a different youtuber...a very gray youtuber who still plays
How would you rate the video out of 10?🎉
Incredible.
one of the best dougdoug videos tbh
P
how does doug play with a keyboard?
Anyone else here cause it’s trending?
thats straightup incredible
I dont often like... but this.. this deserves it. Praise be to the line
Used the glider, run null and void
This was great and all. But the title says "Through All". I think you should be allowed to turn the line either to the left or right when it reaches the center of a different kingdom.
"We turned water, into line." Douglas Christ.
line be like :I                      I                      I                       I                      I                      I  beutiful line                                                                                                                                                                                                line
Ok but... Whose line is it anyways?
HOO 🤢 HOO 🤢 HOO 🤢 HOO 🤢 The POWER of the HOLY LINE!!! 📈 Apple doesn’t have an ogre (or goblin) emote, so this is the best that I could do 😂
"We turned water into line" Pure poetry
I genuinely didn't expect this challenge to be won lmoa
geowizard if he was actually a wizard
''Thy Line is Holy, and thou shall kneel before thee. Thy Line is Free as all things shouldth be. For thy Line art a god. A Blessing of unclear miracules thou shall bring.'' - Line 1;1  Art thou a follower of the Line?
Gameplay starts at 1:21:09
i wish i had this game
Me trying to do a straight line after 8 hours of rave
The line is too beautiful
oh, how much i had missed the "solving problams nobady has" videos!
I love dougs challenges so much. What i like most is that he stays true to the challenge 99.9% of the time and is rdy to reset everything and start over if something went wrong which a lot of people seem to go around when they start struggling just a bit. Very goowd. (Also I started tearing at one point I think Xd)  But I think he should try to do this challenge just in one run and who knows maybe I'll support that idea with donations or smth. :3
Praise this new line of religion. In the name of the Vector, the Straight and the holy Tangent.
Fuck yeah, Guilty Gear music
It's actually scary how well of a religious leader doug would make
Why was that ending actually emotional , I think something is wrong with my brain, or perhaps my love for Mr Rock has achieved true purity.
This isn't relevant to the video but I fell asleep watching Dougs vids while high and had a dream that doug and parkzer had a massive real war against eachother, Doug was backed by his gaggle of AIs and parkzer had all of twitch chat  parkzer won.
Not only was this an amazing run full of twists and turns, figuratively of course(Long may LINE reign), but this may also be the birth of The Obsidian Pillar, or did The Obsidian Pillar come first and was used to help us on the one path of LINE?
Liking the LoZ and Skyrim content, Doug!
🔥 😊
The line givith and the line taketh away
Ive never been so excited about a line but I loved it
I cant get over the mental image of someone wondering if those "straight line across Hyrule" runs are possible without equipment, being told about this video by a friend and coming here expecting a challenge video and instead finding a new religion forming 😂  Like, they dont come to this video through already watching Doug, they go looking for the trend and are unprepared for how bizarre these videos get😅
It’s the Stanley parable adventure line
And God said “let there be line.” And there was line.
I hate how Doug can make me emotional over dumb shit just by playing well time music
“We turned water into line” is probably the best line on YouTube.
This might be one of the only times where Doug got to actually finish a gaming challenge without being hideously derailed by twitch chat - and it's super impressive!  Also "I'm using a keyboard to keep the line straight" but shows his controller at 21:52 can't believe Doug would lie to us
Doug turned the game into a 2d platformer just to be bad at it too
Can't believe walking in a straight line can be so epic!
It’s the Tears of the Kingdom Adventure line
"water into line" was perfect
13:19 most epic gaming moment of the year
“Ultra hard mode” “I am naked”   Are you implying something Doug?
I saw this recommended. And it was 100% worth it.
DougDoug literaly running CIA mind experiments on himself
New speedrun line%
Average 1600s religious pilgrimage:
This is not a line, it's an Obsidian Pillar!
This was infinitely better than any of those broken janky AI garbage things you do. Waaaaay more enjoyable
I was inspired by Geowizard and did the challenge back in BOTW, but this is the first time I've seen it done with base stamina & hearts.  Congrats!
One of the most enjoyable, well paced and entertaining Doug videos ever.
Matthew 4:17 (KJV)  From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
That’s cool, where’s the google maps link you followed?
The Guilty Gear OST gave me a whiplash.  Good shit though, bless the line
As an avid Guilty Gear: Strive player (Axl Low main) and a big DougDoug fan, it is an insane form of whiplash to hear my favorite Gear song, Big Blast Sonic in this video lmao
All hail the line
I usually leave dougdoug videos for when I get time, can anyone tell me, obviously without spoiling anything, if this video has spoilers for totk. I have only beaten one dungeon and am currently playing through the game
And it was beautiful 😢
I love how Doug put the songs in description and specifically clarified which one is the HOO! song.
Ah the simplicity of life when one only has to follow a single line
Once in a while it's nice to see a video we're twitch chat and Doug are not at war but praising one true belief
THATS MY LINE
The wredens have some weird thing about following a holy line, and I love it
Obsidian pillar lore! The backstory! It all started here!
This was a whole pilgrimage, it's kind of impressive.
Great job with editing today, Keke!
what is the music at 16:47
I would have did this with a mod that gives you the travel medallions so you could set a checkpoint if need be
I can't wait for this to become a speedrun category.
Only DougDoug can make a video about walking in a straight line so WATCHABLE! Respect the Holy Line.
Quality entertainment... but small man still bad run n jump. Him floppy horn.
really great music in this video!
26:16 This journey is a metaphor. The bone is part of the spine. The spine is our guide, our body. The spine is, in fact, a line. The line is there for us, to guide us. In the line we trust. Hoo hoo
I loved the editing on this one! From the highs and lows, to the ending being actual cinema. Amazing video!
Yeah that’s cool but can Chat beat a roblox obby?
Tears of the kingdom looks so good.
14:42 This donation message is one of the best parts of the video
Doug using multiple songs from Guilty Gear in the video made me unreasonably happy and proud of him
HOO🧌HOO🧌HOO🧌HOO🧌HOO🧌
CANDY CANDY CANDY "GO CANDY BRUH THATS HER HIM SOUL🍫🍭🍬🍭🍫🍬🍭🍫🍫🍭🍬🍭🍬🍬🍬🍬🍬🍬🍭🍭🍭🍭🍭🍫🍬🍭✅️
HOO HOO HOO HOO
This video made me straight.
this was a religious experience
One of the best streams I've watched
yes you can
I didnt watch the video yet but if its like any other of Dougs Videos this is gonna derail really quickly into something that only marginally resembles the title
DougDoug really called meters feet, ougDoug would never do this
Gosh, this was great as a video but nothing beats the true happiness, and genuine tears that fell while watching it live. I cant explain to anyone why tf i was so proud of Doug but man, i felt like we cured cancer during this stream.
Amazing
“hey doug i have a huge migraine and this song is hurting me, can you turn it up a bit” i love your twitch chat so much dude
I love how The Line became its own religion.
Insanely good editing
i fucking love your content bro  holy shit banger bro.
imagine getting likes on a comment
'from here on out, it should be fairly easy' 16 minutes left in the video
PRAISE BE THE LINE
Geowizard's lawyers will hear about this...
HOO 🤢 HOO 🤢 HOO 🤢
Dang that was emotional
Man I actually started tearing up a bit then because of how hype it was, until doug did this 26:26
Great job Doug Now do it in one take no saves
Why am I actually sad after that ending?
I guess Doug now created a new speedrunning category
Their rigeus work will never be done... And they know it.
video of the year
that music so hype at the comeback moments
You are not the real doug i want to see the real doug
What an emotional journey. I salute you and the line.
Watch the VOD for this: IMO best stream of the year.
This is perhaps the most positive and hopeful a DougDoug stream has ever been. All hail the Holy Line
Now i believe. The line is the only real thing in this world
THE INTRO IS BACK WOOOO
Legitimately in competition for the best DougDoug video ever made…
WE LIVE FOR THE LINE!!!!!!!
GUILTY GEAR MUSIC?! IN A DOUGDOUGVIDEO?
Is that what we call a "One-liner" ?
LINE RIGGED CAVEMAN CAN NOT BELIEVE HOO HOO HOO
I was promised three lines! Where’s my other attempted lines???
i used to have the straightness of the line until i
You could make a religion out of this
Stone Line 3:16 says "Go rock yourself" and that's the bottom line because Stone Line said so!
Doug I had a mod made for Skyrim for this exact purpose, would you like to try it? The latest vid on my channel shows it off. There’s a link to the mod in the description. Fantastic video though, loved this
"Enter through the narrow gate; for the gate is wide and the way is broad that leads to destruction, and there are many who enter through it. For the gate is small and the way is narrow that leads to life, and there are few who find it"
I found 0 bladed rhino beetle in my whole 200+ hours playtrhough... and you found one right next to an energetic rhino beetle... truly the one and only faithworty line
What a masterpiece
GeoWizard is furiously taking notes watching this
something strangely poetic about  this vid
I like  -> "as we turned water into line"
I was not a believer at the start but now i am! All hail the Line!
“So that everyone who believes in the line shall have eternal straightness” I’m so sorry line, that sounds like a threat, this is where we must part 😢
ah, a GeoWizard challenge but in Zelda from another one of my favorite content creators. Honestly I'm amazed, you captured the vibe in general (though if you *really* wanted ULTRA HARD MODE, you'd restart from the beginning every time you stray from the line)
Coo l i like video a lot rhank you doug❤
I wanna see people speedrun this ngl, and one day here "omfg!! The fucking goblin spawned 0.56 pixels away and i cant do shit, fucking rng on a god run!!"
Line
Something hits entirely different about this at 8AM after an all-nighter. Praise be the holy line!
Which of the songs starts at 8:00
Now this is the content i expect from the youtuber who's related to the creator of The Stanley Parable Adventure Line™
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOLLY LINE
that was epic
Doug uses too much bayonetta ost. We need a bayonetta stream
The fact that I thought the words “big line beef hoo” has shown me how much this community has rotted my brain
Geowizard of gaming is here
Welcome straights will never not be funny to me
Not the way I must have fast forwarded to the video starting at the ending on my started on my chromecast. It was such a perfect 1-2 minutes I accidentally watched panded I was perfectly completely timed. I had to go back and before I did I almoatbelieved it.  edit : had to immediately exit my caveman jammed thank for the problems autocorrects
Geowizard is calculating a direct line to your location
Geowizard would be proud
i wont do a pushup for every like i get, but i do want likey
This was just the easy mode, because horizontal lines are actually longer :P
Him calling it "pixels" hurts me
Cult of the Lamb? More like Cult of the Line
But what if I'm gay
When he was at the lake he couldn’t get up someone was playing avengers music so it made it way more epic.
When's the speedrun?
new speedrun idea, line%
i would never be able to do this challenge because im physically unable to stay straight
Did… did Doug basically just create a religion for Zelda Feng Shui?
i guess doug is actually really good at 3d open wolrd adventure games.
Now bring rocky the entire way
Now i feel like the world is complete
I seen many a doofus-idea doug doug video. In concept this is nothing new from his greatness... But for some reason this was the most majestic thing I seen in a while. All hail the line xD
Doug should submit a "Line % run" to GDQ.
Now when is a straight line through the depths?
Now you gotta do the depths in a straight line
10:30 HOLY SHIT NOT JUST STORYTELLER BUT BIG BLAST SONIC TOO???? Guilty gear stream PLEASE
The fact 500 miles never played in this video is criminal
Doug Ops: The Line
This was honestly super awesome. I thoroughly enjoyed this
In today’s episode, DougDoug experiences radical psycho-geography
Nice job playing your DLC to snake 2 so you well
Grug Grug throw rock to make bote
Not just ONE BUT ACTUALLY TWO WHOLE GUILTY GEAR SONGS in ONE Video that actually got over half a million in very short time is a fucking christmas Miracle, thanks doug, thanks line and thank you daisuke for making these masterpieces... except "perfection cant please me" that one is bad (compared to all other gg songs, its still a banger tho <3 )
Is this the origin of the obsidian pillar??
watch doug try the other lines only to find out they're like a 100 times easier...
I usually did not comment but what is the song at 14:38
This Challenge truly was Bullshit blazing o7 (Big Blast Sonic starts at 09:51)  edit: the madman added Storyteller as well... I love this guy
We are finally complete
“Straightness” they write in all rainbow lettering, is the type of straight I am over dinners with my family.
All ye who despair, haveth faith in the Line, and the Line shall provide.
YOOO GUILTY GEAR MUSIC IN A DOUGDOUG VIDEO LETS GOOO
Ah yes, the brother of the Obsidian Pillar: the Holy Line
Holz shit this was an elite Douglasie Douglasie video
I approve of the GG strive music!
I've never been this excited for any line, except maybe cocaine
Omg, I just realised this is the origin of the obsidian pillar
I genuinely cried during this video.
This was, legitimaetly, beautiful and inspirational. I believe in The Line.
This is one of the greatest challenge videos I've ever seen in my life. The hype, the drama, the thrill and excitement. It's a rollercoaster of emotions. Beautiful. ♥
What's the HOO HOO song called? I need some motivation in my life, some hard HOOeing.
Hey Carl, I mean Doug, great video. Very interesting challenge. The pinecone was a highlight 16:40
im straightening right now
I can only compare this to watching Moses lead his flock through the desert to the promised land...
I was there i saw the creation and the completion i could not be more proud
I love the guilty gear music, loved the sound tracks for ages and good to see them being used
god tier writing
I love the sly cooper themed planning and music🤌🏻
they say he's still on the line to this day
What a masterpiece. Thank you Douglas Douglas
Now waiting for the line any% speedruns
THE INTRO IS BACK
Lol
Missed the opportunity to play hold the line by toto for 6 hours straight
Birthing a new speedrun category
Praise the holy line!
Little disappointed he didnt say "but have eternal line"
Tekken 5 stage music goes hard
26:43 least controversial dougdoug statement
This might be one of the only times where Doug got to actually finish a gaming challenge without being hideously derailed by twitch chat - and it's super impressive!  Also "I'm using a keyboard to keep the line straight" but shows his controller at 21:52 can't believe Doug would lie to us
WHAT AN ABSOLUTE, EPIC JOURNEY. BONE VOYAGE MY BROTHERS. THE CHANT OF OUR "HOO, HOO, HOO, HOO" WILL DEFEAT ALL THE DOUBTERS. BLESSED BE THE HOLY LINE AND THE ROCK, WHICH WAS OUR ROCK.
Where are all the Welsh farmers and hedgerows?? @geowizard
We are as one.
how does bro consistently make golden globe worthy gaming videos
No Gods, No Kings, Only Line
The Line will provide
BEWARE THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR
this video cured my depression and my skin condition, thank you doug
Truly Beautiful!
This is giving such good 20021 vibes
Where is Toto Hold the line?
M.
Peepeepoopoo
We need this to become a speedrun category
doug not throw rock good enough
i wonder how Stanley would feel about this new adventure line…
did 3 lines while watching this, thanks doug
This is gonna be on a gaming news website lol
You can actually regain infinite stamina while swimming by climbing a wall, exhausting your stamina, and falling into the water. In TOTK, they added a new mechanic that makes it so if you fall into water with 0 stamina, you regain a little bit. This can be used repeatedly with no cooldown. You just need a climbable wall next to the water. Doug does it by accident at 13:08 because he ran out of stamina while gliding
This needs to be a speedrunning category. I wanna see how fast people can do this, and if there's other items and (glitchless) mechanics that can be used to make it easier. Let's go Line% !
Nice! Now try it again from the depths!
God the plot armor is insane
Long have I pondered whether the statement “we solve problems that no one has” refers to solving problems that no one has ever solved or just problems that literally no one encounters at all.
Geowizard is proud
"this is just softcore horn" at 5:11 im cryin
Religion
this is fucking beautiful
Straight
"Thus said the holy Line "Let the unbelivers go as they shall not stay on our path." for that the Line shall purge us of any bad deed. and shall grant us with the reward of Linehaven. for that the unbelivers have doubted us, tried to tear us apart! they shall be punished with Linehell. for that the belivers never strayed from our path!" Linexudus 35
if he did the line for 1148+-5 it was 10x easier
Actually fucking incredible
scared and naked zelda edition
Great to see geowizards straightline challenge male it to dougdoug and zelda lol
It's amazing how everything *line*-d up perfectly. Especially how the cave Chat insisted on going into had the bomb that ended up saving the run. I'll never forget: 🧌 HOO 🧌 HOO 🧌 HOO 🧌 HOO 🧌 HOO 🧌
every time doug uses sly cooper music a part of my brain just goes fucking feral, transporting me straight to my childhood  how does dog not even have a sly cooper video
The creativity the game allows in this challenge (bomb, chuchu, boko) speaks to how well designed it is.
Doug throw rock good
I was there, couldn't talk but I was
This man makes me feel invested into the most stupidest shit and I LOVE It.
"Eternal straightness" I guess it is from the old linestemoni
Chills literally chills
Blame Twitch Chat for the first boulder failure but also HOLD THE LINE!!!  21:26 This commenter has learned nothing from Rings of Power.  Zelda flying around up there: "The hell is he doing?"
Your dedication is as impressive as it is frightening.
Wait this needs to become a speedrunning category
Been a while since Doug Doug had a real narrative masterpiece on his hands -- pure magic
So this is what the adventure line's been up to
all my homies love the line
24:54 there's grass. It can also be lit on fire for an updraft.
Hoo🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌🧌
Oh thats where the obsidian pillar came from.
"water into line" fucking sent me
Doug, I genuinely thought that this was a weak video idea but so far the jokes and the clutches are making me think this might be your best video yet. Well done to the dougdoug team. "turned water into line" is the greatest fucking joke.
the one line the one line is real
Does anyone know what the Orc chanting song is
Never doubt the line
the line is all we will ever need
What is that Hoo Hoo Hoo song lol?
Praise the line!! I wish I’d caught this live
This might be the Grand Line
This might be the Grand Line
This feels like an old school dogdog  video in the best way:))
This is the timeline where link starts talking to the voices in his head that is chat and starts preaching the holy gospel of the straight line while chanting like an orc.
saudi arabia bout to sue doug for "the line" 💀💀💀
fuck i love lines
The 10 meter limit is how Geowizard defined the rules anyways. This would be crazy to do without saving.
Spec Ops: The Line - Traumatizing  DougDoug: The Line - Exhilarating
That desicion to get that bomb flower made this line possible
ip a
THATS MY FUCKING LINE!
That infinite stamina trick is possible anywhere with a slightly non steep angle…
As soon as the Guilty Gear music kicks in, things improve. Works every single time.
The music in these videos is always great. Props to the editor for the song choices!
This video gives me old doug doug vibes, love it.
They shift the line too, if real life contadicts it
so 10 units is the record now it'S time for someone to find an even thinner line
Hype af
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you'll hear. Everyone, including you and me, has sinned and falls short of God's glory (Romans 3:23). And because the wages/punishment of sin is death (Romans 6:23), you are headed for Hell for eternity. But because God loves you, He graciously offers you the gift of Eternal Life through Jesus Christ. Jesus, as God in the flesh, died for your sins on the cross. He took the punishment you deserve, and He rose again on the 3rd day. If you believe this and confess that Christ is Lord, then you are saved (Romans 10:9,10),  and regardless of what you may have done, there is no condemnation for you if you are in Christ Jesus (Romans 8:1). You are saved by what Jesus did on the cross, not what you do. Salvation is simple and free. "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life."
Amazing stream, legendary video. PRAISE THE LINE
Only doug doug could make me care about a virtual line. God speed to all other Line Lovers
The song playing for the ork segment sent me
May the line shine forever more. Praise the sun... ehhh the line! I was gonna say "the line"!  P.s. HOO HOO HOO HOO
The problems that no one has are firmly back to getting solved, and I'm all for it.
if i had a nickel for every time a wreden brother made a memorable and emotional story out of a line i would only have 50 cents, but it's still weird that it happened twice
So we know one thing about the Wreden family. Obsessed with lines. (See: the Adventure Line in the Stanley Parable)
next stream u have to cross totk in a straight line but with rocky
Even when Dou didnt believed in THE LINE chat did.
Hoo, video good, best part was man throwing rock at bad no-no things. Line good, trust line, Hoo.
21:35 Sajam fans are proud of this one.
someone should TAS this into a speedrun
7:53 beefy die number
korok leaf makes wind gusts for boats
Whose line is it, anyway?
Literally me ong
This is one of the best videos I’ve seen on YouTube
**THE LINE ALWAYS PROVIDES** \o/
Me at start: this is silly surely Doug doesn't have this   Me at 23 mins in: HOO HOO HOO
This might be one of the best videos of 2024
Praise be to the Line
Quick, someone wake up Johnny Cash! His expertise is needed.
5:26 literally 2001 a space odyssey
Quite a few scenes can be taken out of context. Try guessing what else is called a "line"
Doug Stole the Adventure Line ™ from Davey
thank you DougDoug...thank you.
Line bless
Praise be to Yevon.
How was this video more satisfying than any ASMR video i have ever seen? I wept a tear with the music at the end because it was so beautiful!
Youtube andy here very grateful to the twitch frogs for helping create this amazing content. _________________________________________________________ o7
The only possible explanation for everything in the video working out so perfectly is that the line was intentionally programed by Miyamoto himself.
Ganon:"Why do you persist! What's carrying you!" Link:"The line. Or what you lots call -- Faith."
This was a great video Doug! Keep up the amazing work!
HOO HOO HOO HOO
Do you belive in life after line?
huge dougdoug W for always providing banger guilty gear music
Beautiful
im too gay to walk in a straight line
Normally I watch your videos because they're funny and it's funny to see you and chat escalate each other, but this time I was 100% in it for the drama and seeing those miraculous saves. That's a good line
Dougdoug is truly my favorite religion LIVE LAUGH LINE <3
why am i crying
your holy vertical line isn't as good as my holy horizontal line
Is this where the obsidian pillar came from?
This challenge really pushed Doug over the line
27:50 how about we find out if any other straight line is possible?
This video single-handedly converted me to lineisim. Thank you father Doug very straight and narrow.
Bro I forgot how much I miss this type of video
"And this is how God loved the world.." Bruh I'm crying 😭 😭 😭
I  think genuially best video in like the last couple of years. I think I steamy hogged myself whilst watching the video.
can you do this in real life whjere you live next time
"Previously I was just trying my best to stay straight."   We've all been there Douglas Douglas
I believe 🙏
Bro is the Geo wizard of TotK
whats that ork song in the vid?
I was in awe the entire time watching this. THATS MY MOTHERFUCKIN LINE!!!!
HE GOT THE INTRO!
This is legit top 5 of videos you've made. Had me in tears
Doug has the superpower of coming up with the stupidest fkn ideas that shouldn’t really work for good rewatchable content and making it into a cinematic masterpiece. Complete with a plot, rising action, climax, and falling action.
Using the paraglider? Really?
We got the zelda line, But what about the zelda circle...
Doug makes the only content that i never think of clicken off of! Love you Doug! Please keep it up for my own sanity lmao
Doug this is by far the most beautiful video I’ve seen
The new holy pilgrimage
all hail the line, at the end of the line, the goodness in our hearts we divline and the eveil is purged and left behlined.
Perhornance anxiety lol
the song of fayth is so perfect for this
not impressive unless you find a second line
what an unexpected story. love to see it
10:56 Link fist pumps in time with the music.
At 0:54, you mispronounced Hylia.  Other than that, neat challenge.
this is a certified dog dog moment
One chatter reduced a large chunk of this stream to caveman speak, thanks to my favorite Twitch emote, SMOrc. I couldn’t be happier.
IT'S THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR!
Chat convincing Doug to go back to check out the cave literally saved this run lol  Also Eternal Straightness POGGIES
this was a religious experience
Is this where the obsidian pillar came from?
i've seen people do this a couple of times and no one ever uses pins.  if you have at least two pins down in a line in front of you, you can be absolutely certain you stay in a straight line just by making sure the two pins stay overlapped on your compass.  simple trig stuff.
this was powerful
THATS THE LINE
If any man be in Line, he need not a new line corlinethians 5:17 (best i could do)
20:55 what's the song doug uses here btw?
As amazing as Storyteller is my brain is always tickled when the Sly Cooper music comes on.
This is one of the most straight forward videos on Doug's channel
Doug has been playing guilty gear, the music is the best, let's go
those unicorn headphones really bring out your eyes doug
doug's chat is super funny. their little messages add so much to doug's ups and down.
This is a very “Well well well let’s find out” kinda video
"water into line" brilliant
Nice to get a break from all the AI stuff and bring it back to Doug and Chat going caveman HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO.
doug with brown hair looks weird now that im used to teh blond. doug you should keep dyeing your hair actually itd be Extremely funny
what was chat listening to around 15:00?
I think god forgot my eternal straightness
26:23 why is no one talking about bone voyage!?
Did I hear Hymn of the Fayth around 2:37 to 2:58 ish? Edit: HOO HOO HOO!
OHHH SO THATS WHAT THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR WAS  i watched this stream but still didnt put it together lmao
Doug Doug try to be strait challenge, extra hard
i swear half the time voiceover doug sounds like ai
I was there during the last moment, it was eye tearing Feelsstrongman
another incredible video from doug, truly
Right at the drop bro? 27:22
i loved every moment of this epic tale 18/5 perfection, bless the line. it givith and it can take awaith
so when is this going to become a speedrun catagory
26:42 "shall not perish but have eternal straightness" lol that's going in the out of context clip compilations
this is an all time classic dougdoug video. all hail the line
O7
Doug’s chat is amazing
Damn you only care about S T R A I G H T lines???
line.    (also not to doubt The Holy Line but couldn't we have done a diagonal?)
3:59 this message syncs so well with the song I kept repeating it on beat
Is that a Geowizard challenge?
Quite possibly the best advertisement for Tears of the Kingdom ever, literally restricting yourself to a one-dimensional plane and still going on the adventure of a lifetime
ALL HAIL THE LINE
DougDoug make the best content on youtube and everything
im tearing of the kingdom up
Finally someone who pronounced Lanayru correctly (meaning the same way I say it, and will not be elaborating further)
I was just rewatching this VOD and hoping we’d get an edited video of this! This was one of my favorite streams I caught live!
This is a remarkable testament to how lush and brimming this game is. Literally every corner of the world just always has something
Sly cooper music ? Pog
😢😢😢 beautiful!
You are an incredible story teller Doug
I never would have guessed that you could build Neom inside TotK
Reminds me of the adventure line from stanley parable
Hello there 🐧
Woohoo! The line wins! The music + editing were absolute bangers too!
Should've just had Davy borrow you the The Stanley Parable Adventure Line™ EDIT: Love the guilty gear music
beautiful
Doug's putting everything on the line for this.
Best Line video I’ve seen in a while, not to many Line videos nowadays. What happened to LineTube
Was that Paraglider obtained on the line?
That’s the most beautiful thing I’ve seen on this channel since the unification of a crew and z crew!
I'm so glad this got turned into a video! That stream was a blast to be part of, and I'm haply that energy was able to be properly translated over into video form.  Also, AHHHHH WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR HAIR ITS BROWN AND WEIRD! WHERE IS BLOND DOUG!!!!!
The "Hymn of The Fayth" is always a huge dose of nostalgia when i hear it. W music choice as always
Nintendo: Creates one of the most joyful gaming experiences ever.  DougDoug: Yeah, that sounds boring. I'm going to play it in a way where I can't do any of that shit.
"Water into Line"
"Solving problems that no one has" video makes me so happy! It was beautiful!
This is why I always comeback to watch DougDoug and the holy line
the only thing i can say is   holy shit
Wide is the path leading across tears of the kingdom, and many are the ones finding it. But narrow and cramped is the line leading to salvation, and few are the ones finding it.
Gonna love the next time you scream about how much you love or hate a thing <3
We should let this guy draw borders
this was an amazing experience of heart break and faith where sticking through it ALWAYS rewarded the believers of the line❤
honestly one of the most beautiful endings to a video that ive genuinely ever seen
now I know why the church keep telling people to stay straight
why did doug?
This is the most iconic fucking challenge run stream since Twitch Plays Pokemon
PRAISE BE TO THE LINE
8hours
water into line is an amazing quote ❤
It's been a while since I've heard: "Hey, this is DougDoug where we solve problems that no one has."
This was way more fun than it had any right to be.
Michael J. Fox could draw a straighter line
Can't say it's the straightest line if you're naked.
Imagining this as a spiritual journey by a tribe of cavemen who worship the longitudinal line makes it so much better
THE OBSIDIAN PILLAR comes to bring us to victory in its holy line-ness
What song is at 15:00?
I hope this becomes a speedrun category
So proud of DougDoug for being straight
Banger
The bayonetta credits music hit so hard
"welcome  straights"  me, a gay girl: ... aight then, imma be away
22:50 what is that tribal chanting song from? I'd love to add it to my own playlist.
he said lake heelia fucks sake
Fortunately, the line has also given me eternal straightness...
TIMER
Doug saying 'we have to stay between 1145 and 1155' when my clock said 11:54...  you're barely in time, Doug.
This is one of the most well edited DougDoug videos I can remember. Hats off to the editing team/editor. Great stuff as always, you're so consintently funny
This was a religious experience
Doug i love all the final fantasy x music you use ❤
This line should be a new speedrun category
I'm starting to think that's not a real desk...
OBSIDIAN PILLAR SPOTTED
HOO
22:50 song please
Ok, this is one of your best videos
The perfect video, all thanks to the line
HOO HOO HOO
Big Blast Sonic and Storyteller? When's the Guilty Gear stream.
I see The Line™ runs in the family
A cinematic masterpiece.
Is that line the obsidian pillar???
Doug really didn’t want anyone to cross the line this time
It is so rare to see doug and chat working as one. I wish I was there for this.
During the stream that little place where somehow stamina was gained enough to get barely over the ledge, it was so crazy to see when it was finally overcomed through the music!
I can’t believe you did that, shame on you
There is literally ZERO explanation for why I got as invested in this video as I did
Wait is this where the obsidian pillar came from?
That convoluted play right before that final impossible cliff was phenomenal. Never doubt the line
The most beautiful video I've watched ever on this platform, truly, a tale of tragedy, love, and faith. How wonderful we can live in a world where such beauty can exist, where we can believe in what we wish without persecution, and the holy line can guide us ever forward. Amen.
I was ready to enjoy another wacky Dougdoug video, I was not ready for the spiritual awakening I would achieve from this, Glory to the line and its followers
"The line will give us purpose" I feel that's how cults get started
Line is love, line is life
"Eternal straightness" He wrote, in loopy rainbow font.
doug i miss this kind of content from you. thank you so much for this video.
Watching this live was one of my favorite dougdoug experiences.
That Jesus Enya was HYPE
spotted myself in chat at 8:29 lmfao  also, kinda rude that dougdoug didnt includethe bit of the bokoblin saying they noticed him but didnt even say hi… that was phenomenal
I love all your videos because of how unique you are and your dynamic with your chat. But this video is a home run dude. The editing, the challenge itself, the whole thing had a finesse to it.
what a return to form... the intro makes sense again
Okay Geowizard
Is this the Adventure Line™ in Zelda Tears of the Kingdom?
Doug jumped the shark.
Airrack could never be able to do this frfr
simple answer: yes. its hard though.
and the obsidian pillar rose again on the third day
Why was this actually so exciting and why did it make me a little bit emotional🥲
Serious DougDoug lore question: is The Line the father of the Obsidian Pillar??? they look pretty similar
If this wasn't so entertaining, I would say TotK doesn't have anymore replay ability.
Man, you weren't line, this video is straight fire!
I'm literally crying.
When you realize doug is god and link is jesus
I liked my own comment
masterpiece
Storytime has become my new favorite song ever since i found it on DougDoug's stream, the song is SO hype
bless be the line
This video made me want to stick to the same X or Y coordinate irl
Praise the line for the line is life -Gandhi
HE SAID THE CATCHPHRASE AGAIN! DOUG IM SO HAPPY YOU'RE SOLVING PROBLEMS AGAIN
doug throw rock at tree chat: HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
3:33 You’re not getting up from that
20:51 things get wild
“Inside the straight tower of pizza” was a genius line
HE SAID THE OG INTRO! 🎉🥳
Fun Fact: If a cliff side isn’t too steep, you can actually end the climb briefly and walk a bit to regain a bit of stamina. In theory this can even make gathering stamina wheels completely unnecessary after you get the master sword. In practice you should still get stamina wheels to lengthen the two handed spin to win.
Okay, but what of thr east west lines?
The origin of the obsidian pillar!
only doug would be able to take literally just walking in a straight line and go "yeah I can make this into a fun stream AND video"
We live, we love, we LINE
We know what you did, Doug.Just admit it
THE NEXT STEP IS THE LINE SPEEDRUN
PRAISE THE LINE
Ougdoug is better
Now we just need a line % category in speedruns
Once again Doug delivers a fucking stupid idea in a YouTube video that has me holding my breath and screaming with joy at the climax. I don't necessarily worship The Line, but I can tell you I believe in it now.
I was there for the lake section and it was so incredibly nuts
This video brought me a very unexpected amount of pure joy
10:55 it’s not only Doug and the music that are synced here. Link’s also synced and I think that’s beautiful
LETS GO LINE!
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
i am genuinely goddamn impressed, this was some gaming
TOTK LOTK
amog us
This has become my favorite video
Feels like an old DougDoug video
HyruleGuessr
Finally, the Adventure Line!
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
16:06 ITS A GREAT DAY TO BE A BELIEVER
There was a guy on youtube years ago that attempted to cross Wales in a straight line a couple of times.
There is still hope in this world
I feel like a broader run of the game based primarily on "caveman grug hoo throw rock make fire" could be fun. Like only using weapons that are sticks and clubs or rocks, and only eating meat. Get all those fancy weapons and Zonai technology outta here.
Actually insane how those little elements helped out tremendously😧😧😧
THE INTRO IS BAAAAACK
Actually beautiful
fucking amazing
Wait until Gamesradar makes a news article about this
Cinema
"Lake Heal-lia," lol
This is my favorite line out of all movies
LETS GO, I WAS WAITING GOR THIS VIDEO, THIS STREAM WAS A BANGER AND  VERY SHORT
god fucking speed doug
I'm going on strike.
I can't wait to see speedruns of this
🎶I saw the line! It opened up my eyes and I am happy living without circles! Oh! oh! oh! oh! oh!🎶🤣
Nice
The only thing I managed to retain from this video is that Link is hot
If you think this is impressive, just remember GeoWizard did this for real... in real life. Crossing the entire country of Wales in a (mostly) straight line.   The whole thing was documented on youtube and is a great series. Highly recommended.
Great Snake 2 DLC challenge video.
The Legend of Zelda: Forrest of the Gump
This is an actual cinematic masterpiece for some reason
We know what you did Doug
I love the cinematic shots of what you're doing, I know those were hard to get.
Praise the line!
“ITS NOT JOVER EVERYONE BELIEVE” -waluigi_anator9000
chat really helped you on this run, doug. Without them you wouldn't have gotten the bomb
If you slice the grass with a sword can't you get fairies ? Find them along the way, could be handy
Every video i watched after this one, i was bothered by how off the line the people in them were getting. I am irreversibly, psychologically impaired.
Wait, how'd Doug play totk with a keyboard? What is this black magic???
May the line giude us always
"Turned Water into Line" is probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard. absolutely incredible
This made me emotional
Shout out GeoWizard
This was my first ever stream, and I'm glad it is a video.
________________________
🫡🪨🗿 🦴26:23
“But have eternal straightness” Doug in his homophobic era…?
Beat the game with those 2 wepons please new challenge please bruh 26:01  please 26:01 26:02 26:02
GOD SAVE THE LINE!
That Tekken 5 song at 20:55 is the best nostalgia meme ever. The guy shouting "YEAH C'MON" has been in my head rent free for years and it is today I realised that he's been in the walls this whole time.
this is one of the most on-topic dougdoug videos i've ever seen. the line is too powerful for any chat side adventures
God gave me eternal straightness.
3 splash fruits
Shoutout Geowizard! He crosses countries in real life in a straight line.
I hate how invested I was in this. Well done my friend!
The "straight" line at the end is like straight line Doug walks in when the police pull him over for doing when he's driving around, 14 drinks in
This is a cinematic masterpiece
This video now ties with the first A crew vs. Z crew video for the most emotional storyline throughout it.
All thanks to the magic hat 15:37 15:53 15:57or should I say magic head set 15:57
Hey whose line is it anyway?
I remember watching this stream like 4 months ago lol.
Man doug really never got over the Stanley Parable: Adventure Line tm
anyone have a good chocolate chip cookie recipe
This was my first stream and so far it was the best stream
I forgot how emotional this made me when it happened, I’m so glad this got made into a video. Doug also ended up canceling his plans so that he could keep streaming to finish the Line. I believe in the Line so hard. The Line will never let us down
No one even realized the updraft from the fire chu-jelly.
Hearing Guilty Gear Xrd music in a Doug Doug video was NOT what I was expecting but I am so happy about it
genuinely beautiful
BNow for the real challenge: Can you cross ALL of Tears of the Kingdom in a GAY line?
as we turn water into line he is line Jesus Lesus
what is the name of the orc music?
doug ur pretty insane at 3d platformers
Line 3:16 is so inspirational
Cant enemies push you out the way? Also, can you do the depths? It’s gonna be hard, but I believe you can do it.
Grapefruit
Why am I crying this is so great 🥲
The Stanley Parable ™ Adventure Line™ lives another life with it's creator's brother
Is this the line they were talking about in the Stanley Parable?
Reminds me of the critically acclaimed masterpiece of gaming perfection - Spec Ops: The Line. I can see the inspiration 😄
I can't believe that after all this time, the obsidian pillar was actually the holy line. God bless.
Finally Doug made a good video instead of that AI garbage
I belief
😢 so beautiful
What’s the song at the end
I know you may not have heard of them, but you unknowingly ripped off a small indie dev with the whole line bit.  It was even trademarked, and you trampled all over that poor creators' hard work. The Adventure Line™ was the work of the team behind "The Stanley Parable", and I think you should have to publicly apologize to the games creator for this grave oversight.
If I had a time machine the only thing I would use it for would be to go back in time with all known bets and make a ton of channel points
Did, did….. did Doug just go on a pilgrimage?
This reminds me of the old Greek tale of Icarus. The man who flew too far beyond the line
Damn the music choices go fucking hard. I had completely forgotten how good Bayo 3's OST is too.
What a great return to form!!! This gives me such a nostalgia rush for your early vids
The line is truly divine
THATS MY FUCKING DAD!  I was the creator of that joke in the stream lol
rock good. rock best. get more rock.
"water into line" is a fucking banger quote doug
Literally the only youtuber that can make a 30 min vid about a line and still provide good content
Doug is one of the few streamers allowed to get us gays into a church of straights.
LINE!
This really reminds me of area-restricted runescape accounts. It's disgusting how creative you're forced to get when you limit yourself by actual map area.
May Geowizard bless your attempt!
Believe in the line, the line will provide.
This is the Streets 1:12 of DougDoug videos
Line
5 pixels 🥰
seeing it say "eternal straightness" in rainbow colors is quite ironic
bro and chat actually found THE HOLY LINE
naur
Praise be unto the Line.
|
Fantastic video. I was so hooked
So this is where the adventure line(Trademark) went 👍  On a serious note, that is the most ideal line in a game I’ve ever seen.
Now Doug has to walk in a perfect rainbow to represent the gays
Doug always manages to leave a smile on my face when he comes up with a stupid idea and turns it into to a heartfelt journey
WHAT TIME DO HAVE TO COME TO THE HOLY LINE
Live, Laugh, Line
Doug accomplished every cat's dream, he got to the end of the world and pushed something off
“Turn water into line”
Adress the controversy or I will sub to ougdoug
The adventure line
What’s the hoo hoo song
I'm bi but damm is it good to be part of the straight line
unreal
Can't wait for the rapture when the line will return to save humanity. v_v
Finally, some good content instead of the exponentially boring AI slop.
I can’t believe you Doug, why would you do that to those poor, limbless, blond children???? Despicable
It would be HILARIOUS if he encountered Gloom Hands during this
Now this is solving a problem that nobody has 😎
BELIEVE IN THE LINE!
Crazy that Doug did all this just to convince us that he is good at 2d platformers
not the gravy chugging music
As someone who uses youtube videos almost exclusively for background noise while I do something else, congrats! I couldn't stop watching this amazing cult of line lmao!
❤Watched the whole vod what a rollercoaster and the video was absolutely fantastic, it’s like I got a two for one, definitely one of my favs with the rollercoaster disaster video
The line is everything the obsidian pillar was, and more. Without it, my wife would never have left me, I would never have lost my hair and I would never sacrifice 10 kids every full moon
"Once again, we witnessed a miracle, where we turned water into line." How is this man consistently this funny and clever
Tip for the river It's more stamina efficient to spam dash in the water, as you go about as far as you do while climbing, while only consuming a tiny amount of stamina
Great use of the Fire Emblem Engage soundtrack
honestly i could see this being a contender for the best 2024 doug video by the time the year is ending, how could you ever top a story 𝗟𝗜𝗡𝗘 this good
Hoorok Linosaur Hunter
Guilty gear... Tekken... you like your animie fighter music! Good taste though! Especially the constant "HOO HOO HOO" while breaking the log was nostalgic for the old Tekken 5 days
YOU CHANGED THE THUMBNAIL I SAW IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And as link settles in eternal greatness within the line… God gifts link the highest line in all line. The line line line, the straightest line in all of line.
I can't believe he spent 6+ hours of his life walking a line respect
GEOWIZARD PARTIAL CROSSOVER!
This was the most inspirational video I have ever watched
how is this genuinely one of the most emotional videos I've watched this year
epic
HOO
Holy line this was a good video.
That ending was actually beautiful. I got chills
The line is all-good and all-connecting. What an inspiring message in a world so divided.  Thank you, Line. You've changed my life.
Bro did you watch DougDoug do a massive line on stream? Shit was crazy!
27:09 I cannot believe rocky would cheat on Joov like that
Also Praise The Holy Line! It's Too Good For Us All.
the foreshadowing was there the whole time. We can at last understand the Obsidian Pillar
Also coming home from a Gloryhammer gig where at least 10% of the crowd were wearing Unicorn costumes of various sorts.... to watch a video of DougDoug wearing a unicorn headpiece ...   is about par for today.
Finally a new Zelda video!!!!
God bless the line
I just realized Doug is saying hey this is “Doug Doug and we solve problems no one has”
truly inspiring vid🥲
geowizard of gamers
A shame BLSS isn't an option any more.  I've bounced all over Hyrule like a pingball in Breath of the Wild holding my trusty square bomb.
Blessed be the line
Actually the swimming stamina is something new to took where you get a tiny bit of stamina if you fall into water when you have none
You could make a religion out of this
this has no right to give this much emotion. never change doug doug
This was such a fun stream to watch
i watched this stream in its entirety and afterwards my brain would give negative dopamine releases if i didnt walk in perfectly straight lines
This is what zelda will look like in the future
“And a butterfly” he says as he holds a dragonfly
Doug doesn't credit us enough, the bomb saved the run. If it wasn't for chat telling him to return to the cave the holy line would have failed, or rather, we would have failed the holy line
Try not to go 40 miles off the line   If you know you know
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo 🗿
10:55 Link got his stamina back in time with the music
Best movie since Oppenheimer.
The Zelda Tears of the kingdom adventure line (trademark)
God damn. The Sly Racoon 2 Music at 19:00 sent me into a massive Nostalgia Flash. Gotta replay those Games now.
THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL!! I LOVE THE LINE 🙏
The line gives its toughest battles to its strongest warriors 🙏🏾
HOO 🪨 HOO 🪵 HOO 🍍HOO🔥
What is the Hoo Hoo song from.
This whole vid was a trip. I was there for the stream but I kept remembering new miracles as they reoccurred. (And thinking "surely I didn't watch Doug try and walk in a straight line for this long?" Dear readers I was wrong. I watched nearly the whole thing apparently. Line is life.)
Did Doug just changed the thumbnail???
Sorry can’t watch your vids you say some curse words 😢
Can’t believe doug is insulting my religion again. I thought that he was a changed man since the microsoft flight sim stream when his love crashed into Jesus.
Doug said you'd like if I asked. Please like.
I want to have the confidence and self-assurance with which DougDoug called a dragonfly "a butterfly". It is my dream.
Man, I love this channel.
dude just pumps out nothin but fuckin master pieces
Ah yes, The Doug -> Cult -> OOH -> Rocky pipeline
Not Doug promoting straightness /j
28:09 I believe you got the name wrong, it's actually the lineing tower of pizza
This is literally Britian in the colonial ages, except it wasn’t tears of the kingdom.
Faith to the line
All PRAISE the Line!
The Line provides!!!!
This was an enlightening experience. Praise be to the line!
HO HO HO
You know it's gonna be a good day when DougDoug uploads and has super inspirational (and emotional) music in the background. 10/10 would recommend the Church of Line to others.
No joke, near the end of this vid i also started tearing up, i haven't gotten this emotional over something in a long time.  Live, laugh, line.
this was so fucking majestic for no reason
The Line provides
Or you could just.... You know..... Use a straight flying machine with max battery and Zoanite Armor
We all know you changed the thumbnail, we got you!
Next challenge can you walk across Totk in a circle
now do it in one go
It is unbelievably creative, the way you can turn these little coincidences in crazy challenges into a full-fledged narrative. Truly one of the greatest storytellers of our time.
song at 18:20?
Would love to see a tears of the Kingdom “the line” speed run category
The line giveth.
hoo 🗿
This is the kind of DougDoug odyssey I love.
Does anyone know what song played during the smorc segment?
He solved a problem I had. What. The Fuck.
GET A GIRAFFE GET IT TO BURN
now I know why it's called "Tears of the kingdom" Because the kingdom cried tears when they heard of the holy line
We witnessed doug went on a pilgrimage
I went into this asking myself how a 28 minute video about walking in a straight line could be entertaining.. 28 minutes later and I cried, found happiness and a new religion. 10/10 Video can recommend.
davey's testing a new version of the adventure line™️, i see
We will follow the line into oblivion, for the line is eternal and the line is straight!
The Adventure Line’s more restrictive and straight brother (I couldn’t add the trademark symbol)
What, is that obsidian pillar? Omg they are teasing new side characters
3:31 Link's face slam into that rock was BRUTAL
HOO HOO HOO HOO
Why was this a religious experience
Beautiful. Truly magical
HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
3:51 Ay I know that song!!!
As a straight moderator I don't think this run is valid due to the very obvious splicing occuring throughout it
I cry, so cool
Song at 21:45
Now do it in the depths.
Doug touched me
I know that it doesn't suit DougDoug at all, but he should do this kind of challenge in Genshin Impact since it's kind of similar to this Zelda game
Hold the line!!
Stanley could follow the line. Just get him...or Gordon Frohman because they are both Male_07 as we all know.
3:33 Possibly the funniest BOTW/TOTK ragdoll I've ever seen
I cannot wait to eat my dinner to this
inspired at all by GeoWizard?
"why are you guys so confidently incorrect" "I can break this log with a banana"
YES! YES! YES! YES!
What song is playing during his final stretch
That line is looking suspiciously like the OBSIDIAN PILLAR  But hey. That’s just a theory. A LINE THEORY. Thanks for reading
Seeing this stream in person was one hell of an experience
BELIVIEVE IN THE LINE
23:27 HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
I can't wait for this to actually become a meme speedrun category
HELL YEAH GUILTY GEAR MUSIC
"The Line" could be a speedrun category.
What a holy line
IN LINE WE TRUST
So... Doug and the Chat hate everything and everyone who isn't straight?
congrats doug, you're finally straight
This was so insane to watch live.  “A short stream”… he said…
all hail the obsidian pillar!
I was not prepared to have a religous spiritual awakening today but shit, here we are. Thank you dor rhis line and the blessings it has bestowed.
we live to love the line, for the line provides salvation
And thus the line hasn't just been with us today but within us all alongeth
This ain't a challenge this is just how I play any open world game
I’m a believer in the line!
The new music is weird
That updraft was one of the most epic moments of DougDoug history. It's going to go up there with Sam 24.
doug had to put everything on the line
I almost cried for the line, that such a beautifull story telling, netflix should make a movie from it.
"it's weakened" at 21:02 made me laugh louder than it should have
Insppired by geowizard?
i think that DougDoug was the first ever o do this..
this video made me laugh, cheer, cry, and most importantly... believe in the Line.
16:40 what's the song?
damn JUICE really got to doug huh. it's a novel take on the college game
I’m so happy the intro of solving problems no one has was back
Big Blast Sonic is such a raw music choice. I wish more content creators would use it.
more twicth chat less dougdoug more parkezer
I go to the church of the holy line, the line is our savior, it's thanks to the line that we have forgiveness for our sins. XD
I haven’t really been to the lost woods. Think I’ll go
Now do laterally
I watched this and definitely don’t have eternal straightness
Legendary lord link of the long line
believe in the line and she shall never forsake you
Dog Dog spotify playlist whennnn?
that's a whole new meaning for the tears in the title
following a line™? doug must have gotten inspiration from his brother
“Have eternal straightness”  Yeah, that feels like the kind of thing that’d be in the bible
This video was truly a line opening experience thanks doug
If this isn't the best DougDoug moment of 2023, I will
Okay, The Line Speedrun, gogogogo
Lol, doug got tired of being told chat was 80% of his videos, so he made a real video
this video is incredible
This was amazing
Would now be a good time to remind people of the fact that Doug’s brother is the creator of The Stanley Parable?
26:27
I love that the "orc song" is from Tekken 5
THE LINE PROVIDES
That was actually such a good video
12:40 "The Rock is gonna be way outta line"  PREACH BROTHER #WEWANTCODY
The holy line 1150 is the strat that all line walkers should use
doug, this upload really came at such an amazing time. this morning was such a low point for me, and this is the EXACT energy i need to get through it. everything is going to be alright :)
surpisingly foolish move from Doug, giving the Obsidian Pillar more power through one of his other names
This was so funny because you can use the leaf to propel the raft like a boat so that one chatter wasn’t wrong
The Line giveth if thou believe-th
The Great Journey
This is peak storytelling
So this is how the grand line came to be. Interesting
3:58 bars
I wanna see people speed run this
This is the most inspirational video i have ever seen
Bro, that "water into line" joke actually got me.
PRAISE THE LINE!!!!
aw hell yeah we got the guilty gear music in this shiiiit
All we want is to get divorced by the line
The line is the purpose in all of our lives, it gives a sense of identity and purpose to man. We must believe and not doubt the power, importance, safety, security, and need of the line.
Holy shit the amount of investment I had in this video
We must always have eternal straightness, i couldn't agree more.
This stream was so great. That part in the water regaining stamina before climbing to the perfect height to make the slope, what a perfect moment
If anyone dosen't know this when you hit smth it can creat nither a blue spark indecating that it didn't take demage and so dose the item you hit it with or a yellow indecating that is dose like at 20:56
now do it with voice commands
Now do rdr2
Spec Ops: The Line
GOD DAMM THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL
Normally, doug videos all have a punchline, this one though, only a line
As soon as you said “this is getting crazy” squirrels started fighting in my attic
Is THAT what the Obsidian Pillar is?! The fucking minimap line from this challenge run??
Death Stranding 2 looking crazy
why was this actually amazing
HOO🧌HOO🧌HOO🧌
you've made a 3d zelda game into a 2d one
if he gets rng he can just walk threw the hot area with a cold weapon
he lined for our sins, we must not waver
The line is like dougs horn, not straight at all
Amazing video as always Doug.
all hail the holy line
OMG the obsidian pillar
The Sly Cooper music ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
THE HOLY LINE HAS GRACED US ALL!! WE HAVE REACHED OUR MAGNUM OPUS!!!
Never doubt the line
Im not gonna lie probably gonna be one of the best Doug Doug vids for the year im tearing up
now do it in the depths
One again, another cinema classic has been made by legendary director DougDoug
PRAISE BE THE LINE!
beautiful
Glory to the line. This video actually made me a believer.
This is what the doug doug cinematic universe is all about
You should allow for zones (the more you deviate, the less your achievement) like real world straightline walkers
BELIEVE IN THE LINE, FOR THE LINE WILL SET YOU FREE!
why won't doug talk about the drama????
Buddy sure knows how to make a video 😊
All hail 1150.
Question is that is this the long lost brother to the Stanley parable adventure line (trademark)
I can’t wait until he makes the sequel, where he does this irl!
Somehow Doug manages to make me care for the most random stuff in his videos...
18:30 best joke of the video
fun fact: it took me exactly the length of this video to walk in a straight line across my totk world while using my abilities and full stamina wheel
HOO HOO HOOO HOO
Starting to notice a theme with Doug encouraging Chat to worship line-based entities.
THE INTRO?!? WERE FREE
So Doug turned the legend of Zelda into a 2d platformer in an attempt to prove he is good at 2d platformers
This is the most faith i've seen people put into a straight line in my entire life.
We wouldn't want Doug to stray away from this religion he's made. That would be crossing the line.
"And a butterfly" 8:47
That’s my FUCKING line
God bless the holy church of the straight line
Cried as he carried the rock at the end
8:50 butterfly? Where? Are you blind/ can’t read?
A cool challenge would be if doug carried a rock across the map. He could only drop it for like 10 seconds or something like that
19:32 yes you can use the korok leaf for a boat.       Unfortunately that is a korok frond.
6:05 something poetic about doug wearing unicorn headphones saying "Previously I was just kind of trying my best to stay straight"
The intro is back!!!
NO CHATATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION
this happened almost two years ago and is just being uploaded
Still can't believe he found the one perfect line on Attempt 2
Geowizard would be proud.
Very wholesome.
the line provides
What's the song that starts at 9:52
I highly recommend the VOD for the full experience. The journey just isn't the same without the grueling trial and error.
It is less known, that this stream was inspiration for disney's hit movie "The Line King".
Oh so that's where the Obsidian Pillar came from
I'm guessing the rock at the end is like Moses from Christian mythology and the continues his life, telling his disciples how this God named Link travelled through a Godly line to meet him and show him how make fire
DOUG PLEASE LET ME OUT THE BASEMENT
This wouldn’t have been possible if chat didn’t force Doug to go into the cave.
"AND a butterfly!" dragonfly:
Been waiting so long for another Doug Zelda vid
This Video is a work of art. Doug Doug great video and remember that one banana that saved the run.
Thank you Line, thank you Doug. I smashed my thumb in the car door yesterday, and this made me forget about the pain for exactly 28 minutes and 31 seconds. Blessed be the Line
doug, you can't keep dying your hair brown. let your natual blondeness come out
This was one of the best videos of all time
Seeing DougDoug going fully primal whilst walking in a straight line while also wearing a flaccid horn on his head is hilarious.
So both dougdoug and his brother are both fans of an adventure line
18:26 these puns are killing me, man
why sre my favorite DinkDink videos about games i've never played? first pajama sam and now this
If it was really hard mode you’d do it with the paraglider
was so hoping to use that last pinecone to fly off into the north beyond the edge. it was perfect.
Why is this legitimately the best video I've seen this year and probably still stay at that spot for a long time? What is with 2024 TOTK videos being so good?
Worth noting that climb-jumping drains more stamina than just climbing the same distance. It wasn't as bad in BotW, but the climb-jump height was reduced in TotK so it's only really useful for the final stretch.
3:58 The TTS message almost perfectly syncs up with the music lol
PRAISE BE THE HOLY LINE 🙏
This story genuinely inspires
appreciate the GG music
Best video to date
The unknown obelisk from a previous stream was really the line and we just didn't know it yet
I didn't attend the Church™ of the Line® as a kid. I guess that explains it...
I never thought I'd become so emotionally attached to a line... 1145-1155 forever
Somebody has watched GeoWizard and thought "psh, I can do that, but first let me run it though a digital game first"
This is how flat earthers think travel should be
This was a biblically accurate angle
26:46 Eternal Straightness sounds more like a punishment to me D:
another part of the obsidian pillar
F to rocky down for the line til the very end 😢
I CAN NOT WAIT for others to take up the challenge and find other lines across the map with this same set of rules. Awesome Idea!
I am so sorry chat, I'm lesbian and thus cannot believe in anything straight 😞
Okay but this entire video is fucking immaculate and definitely one of my favorites now.
HOO
I haven't cried at a Doug video since A crew and Z crew flew together into the sunset.  What a beautiful, emotional journey from the savant of storytelling.
My favourite 2D Zelda.
Now can do it in 0.5 "A" presses?
Well damn. There goes my atheism.
Better than literally every movie ever combined
Try putting the rock in the uhoh hole
Truly, we've been blessed by the holy line. By following the straight path we were gifted great bounties and great success. The line is beautiful.
So Epicccc
I guess you could call that an Adventure Line
Strive ost music is perfect for this
please change the thumbnail back
13:08 The line provides
We Need a new religion and holy Book to tell us about the Line. the one and only Holy line.
The title has been change in an hour... Why?
16:31 DOUG I FOUND THE NOISE
Dougs content and chat are so unique. It really reminds me of playing ps2 games with my friends all day doing stupid challenges like this because we didnt have entire steam libraries of games to switch to. Simpler times.
Alright, I've got a solution. This time, to make sure we don't get lost, I've employed the help of The Stanley Parable Adventure Line™! Just follow The Line™; how simple is that! - Doug's brother
Doug and his brother have one thing in common: asshole lines. Edit: I made this comment before witnessing the holy line.  Please absolve me of my sins.
9:51 GUILTY GEAR DETECTED 16:11 !
IDK if this is something new Doug is trying out or something, but the editing in this video is phenomenal. Kudos to whoever does the editing
I cant believe you're forcing Link to be straight #homophobia
Watching this immediately after having read 17776 by Jon Bois was a wild fucking decision on my part
I'm pretty sure the guy saying you could use a korok leaf as a boat was trying to refer to how you can use it to propel the raft along the water
What a Line, A holy Line, A Generous Line, A Great Line, A Grand Line… Grand…    Wealth, Fame, Power. Go-
GREAT video
Go away doug,  glory to Ougdoug
I can’t believe some other guy copied this in Wales, smh.
No you can't. Because there's terrain, and as such there's already curves.
Cool Video! But why not the desert? Shouldn't shadows and the night work? Or am I missing something?
this video is uncomfortably christian
Wasn't this peggle week?
I remember watching this live.  The small lip on the rock was EPIC
i love watching chat lie with no shame💖
Geowizard inspired this!!
OH SHIT IT'S OUT I LOVED THIS STREAM SO MUCH
This should be a speedrun category
“Shockingly easy” I’m dying 😂
The section with the bomb, axe and chu-chu jellies is such a good example of why this game is so fantastic; all of its mechanics just fit together in such a way that they reward creative approaches even in the most niche situations.
Good old fashioned solving problems that no one else has
Localize mother 3
DouglasDouglas you fool, it is simple to see that one can create wind by attacking with leaf. Remember this for future endavours
GrugGrug is my favorite RockTuber
i love doing lines with douglas douglas
the ending made me tear up. Its the anime determinism. To overcome all odds and even when you're finished, to kepp going even further beyond!
How does the bayo 3 theme fit so well🔥🔥🔥
Tom Davies would be proud
BELIEVE IN THE FUCKING LINE
Geowizard literally has done these sorts of challenges before, but for actual countries like Luxembourg, Wales and Scotland
And thus, the bell pepper was felled by a rock.
Hey this GrugGrug where we solve problem with rock.
Using all items is extremely trivial so I'm glad you clarified harsh rules - the hoverbike had me travelling the entire map in a straight line without even trying to make it a challenge.
this video is way too epic for the task at hand
Holy shit I recall tuning in to part of this, golden. Watching now!
Unga bunga me throw rock. Line
Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo Hoo
i never hoo'od so hard in my life
Hoo hoo hoo hoo
🏳‍🌈🏳‍🌈🏳‍🌈 # straightpride 🏳‍🌈🏳‍🌈🏳‍🌈
alphabet crew is my favorite twitch chat
Strangly beautiful
Hell yeah, Big Blast Sonic is such a hype music track
Submit as line speed run
Because Airrack faked it, good on you
Not the fist time doug had to reset because he needed 3 more inches.
A masterpiece
I need to know what the unga bunga music is. HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO !
26:27 DougDoug ahegao
HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!!HOO!!!HOO!HOOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!!!!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!!!HOO!!!HOOOO!!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!!HOO!!!HOO!!!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!!HOOO!!!HOO!HOO!!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOOO!!!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOOO!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!HOO!!!HOO!!!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!HOO!!HOO!HOO!!  HHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Geowirzard is seething right now
doug doug..we know you changes the thumbnail.
The line giveth, and the line taketh away
Holy Line vs Obsidian Pillar, which do you worship 🙏🤔
When he says eternal straightness he means staying on your path and sticking to it no matter what
We can make a religion out of this
Doug i cant believe you have the audacity to try and your thumbnail thinking we wouldnt notice EVEN after you were called out, for shame dog for shame
I'd say you crossed the line, but that's probably heresy.  Thanks for being straight with us, Doug. Shows why everyone lines up to talk to you. It's a fine line.
We saw it again Doug, you changed the thumbnail. The illuminati won't deceive us!
Its a geo wizard video in a video game
best youtube video ever!
Doug you were out of line many times during this video. I’m really disappointed in what this content has become. 😞
This video made me straight while watching it
Praise the Line!
HUM OF THE FAYTH LETS GOOOO 2:39
The amount of weird benefiting coincidences the line gave Doug is just insane 😂
Doug never fails to open me up and fill me with happiness 😊
Witnessing this live was one of the best pieces of content I've ever seen on the internet. Believers for life!
ALL HAIL THE HOLY LINE! MAY YOUR STRAIGHTNESS GUIDE US TO GLORY!
Peak music choice
beautiful
Yoooo
Just when i thought i was out... They PULLED Me back in!
the LIIIIIINE
THE BOY CAN STAND
Ive never been so proud of somone walk in a straight line in my life.😢
... I got a political ad that ruined the vibe of the ending💀bruh💀
So this is the beginning of the mysterious _Obsidian Pillar_   It seems to draw it's power from... *The Line*
10/10 line
God bless the -usa- Holy Line!
that song feels like a far cry 5 sound track
I actually really appreciate that you put all the music you used in the description. Thank you so much 🔥
I missed this kind of videos
Geowizard had no idea what he had started.
|
need a name for the orc song plz :D
Can't relate
i will always leave a comment about Big Blast Sonic every time i hear it. that song is so fucking good. i legit listen to it on my lunch breaks at work to help pump me up. love warehouse work tbh
This should definitely be a speedrun category
This challenge properly demonstrates how the game provides nearly unlimited ways to approach a problem.
A certified douglasdouglas classic
Only Doug can make me emotional about Link walking in a straight line
The Legend of Zelda: Tears of Frustration  or  The Legend of Zelda: Naked, Afraid, and Straight(?)
Best Douglass video in a while
now, finally, we DO have a straight pride month
Dang this stream is kinda homophobic, r/wehatedougdoug will hear about this
Doug, you can't just pretend you didn't do what you did. Those people will never recover, you deserve to be in prison.
Doug brought back the intro, sign this petition to keep it back from now on
Music goes so hard in this video
Okay, now do it in the depths.
————————— 🙏
The great journey
Doug if you climb a wall before you lose stamina and you fall into water after you lose stamina you get a little back
That somehow ended up being a somewhat beautiful ending which only could've been achieved thanks to the rock
Believers when Doug turns it into a 30 minute video
Dude! The old intro, the bell pepper, the narrative heavy style, the relatively high editing style, this is awesome! I missed the more youtube style videos, no dig on the more stream oriented videos, hopefully this has a bit of staying power! Maybe, just maybe, we might even have a new “explained with food”
HOO HOO.
i am now a firm believer in the church of Line. such an emotional adventure, through adversity and struggle the Line persists and saves us all. thank you for delivering us the word of the Line🙏
Oh hooray, back to original content sorta… what happened to Skyrim though? Maybe Get fat mod for Skyrim that replaces all slaughterfish with otter… I hate that I can’t fast travel because a fish is mad at me…
Doug I watched your video instead of doing my chemistry homework
Should beat all of Totk in the line
Does anyone know the song at 11:00
Can’t express how giddy the “Hey, this is dougdoug, Where we solve problems that no one has” made me. Didn’t realise how much i missed that  short, iconic line. Hope it stays❤️
POG!
this is perhaps the most successful achievement yet
I’m not religious BUT I BELIEVE IN THE LINE
The amount of things that needed to come together perfectly for this run is absolutely unreal. There were so many times where it would have failed if Doug didn’t grab one specific item earlier, or if the line was just one pixel off
DougDoug has truly become the GeoWizard Tom Davies
Not gonna lie, that was more epic than the normal videos
“You could make a religion out of this”
Chat yelling about how Link is hot while Doug focuses on his screen trying to simply walk is peak Twitch chat behavior
This is the straightest video ever
This. was. beautiful.
The intro… The rock… The ending… Just glorious
Antonio Brown did it better
Stan from the church of then pentagram here, still 4 more to go! Get to it!
DAMN THATS TIMING… oh wait I might have misread,
This went from religious to caveman
This was unironically incredibly emotional, it felt like everythinig alligned (HOLY SHIT LINE) for this moment.
No CHATATION without REPRESENTATION
now do it without saving
That's how I know my streamer, always the straightest guy around!
"Welcome straights!" 💀
Speedline the line
THE LINE PROVIDES!
I was tryna stay spoiler free since launch but lets be so fucking real im never buying it. breaking the streak
Great Job now do the depths :)
OOH OOH
does he not know that grass is flammable?
i am now a believer of the One True Line. Praise be his straightness betwixt two end points.
finally a zelda video
I've been unironically moved to tears by a man walking in a straight line in a video game what
16:13  Ok, let’s storyteller
I missed these sorts of videos.
Finally a wholesome Doug Doug video
1 hour gang
I cant belive doug coded in the StanleyparableadventurelineTM into botw
Hoo 🥲
I came into this video expecting another wacky idea from one of my favorite YouTubers. I did not expect this to be so epic for what is just a straight line.
113,158th, not the only one to cry
I… I wanna see a speedrun.
you are way out of line with this challenge
Doug Yesterday: announces peggle week on stream Also Doug: posts a TOTK video
Perseverance. Faith. Killing things with rocks. Giving a woman your banana. The straightness of this playthrough is truly a Hetero celebration. It may have been an uphill battle, but you've proven the doubters wrong, and to that, I salute you Doug of Doug fame 🫡
"And im playing on a keyboard so it is guarante- we're already off course, uhh"
17:38 DougDoug Engage representation let's gooo! Great video Doug, thanks for taking us along your pilgrimage for the "Line"(tm) :D
Line is love. Line is life.
Yep
This turned into a point and click adventure with the weird item application.
I might be gay, but for the line… I’ll go straight 😌
The Geowizard and Dougdoug crossover i never thought about !!
i love how dougdoug thumbnails change like 3 different times within the span of a couple days
This was genuinely so much fun to watch, I think one of my new favourites for the channel
This video has the vibes of a classic DougDoug challenge and I love it.
New speed running  category
Why is it that almost every challenge, Chat invents a new religion
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
TOTK uses miters not fit
HE’S BACKKK
Hey just in case, is there totk spoilers in there?
This is one of the DougDoug videos of all time
Wake up sheeple, DougDoug posted a new old style video.
I love The Legend Of Zelda Adventure Line™!
So glad the obsidian pillar has been employed for good instead of evil
⬆TRUST THE LINE⬆
"Eternal Straightness"  Accidental based Doug moment
Surely this is inspired by Geowizard no?
1:44 bro that guy stole my joke from the valentines day stream #wehatedougdoug
Nintendo did extensive testing for the holy line
Good old The Line™, cousin of Adventure Line™
When he said "where we solve problems that no one has" I felt that
TotK: Geowizard edition
Doug puts the "Tears" in "Tears of the Kingdom"
You changed the thumbnail
"as we turned water into line" lol
Mr bean could have done this without struggling
Thats my line. <3
LETS GOOO
Can you cross ALL of Tears of the Kingdom in a gay line?
Lest we remember to pray to thy holy line
been waiting for this video for an eternity but it was very worth it
THATS MY FUCKING LINE
Line is the way of eternal straightness
Doug plagiarizing his brother with the Legend of Zelda Adventure Line™
We know what you did, Doug. Your days are numbered, Doug.
Just try to beat TOTK without moving a single atom, I bet an entire Bugatti you can't complete this challenge
The Xrd music went hard with the holy line
I would have liked this video for having hymn of the faith in it  alone
I remember this stream! Glad it finally became a YT video! Also, what's the song at 10:00? xD
Lake heelia
This was emotional, i loved it
no movie in the past 5 years has made me feel this much
I don't poop on a regular basis.
One of the most beautiful endings since A crew and Z crew flew off into the sunset together in GTA5. Fucking beautiful
THE HOLY LINE WILL ALWAYS BE REMEMBERED
im so glad nobody’s problems are being solved. youre doing a great deed     god ive missed that intro
The run gets increasingly caveman as it goes on. It stars with carefully analyzing the game mechanics to determine the best line to follow Eventually it turns into “me throw bomb at goblin” and killing a slime with a boulder. And it ends with barely being able to understand human speech as the greatest achievement becomes feeding a roasted bass to a rock on the edge of the world. Truly a cinematic masterpiece.
The line ❤️ i believe
The gifts of the line made me straight
the line, always in my heart
The Line should be the 8th Wonder. This video is a masterpiece. All Praise The Line.
I am now a true believer in lineism
God bless linmerica
1 hour
17:30 "with a bomb in my pocket, i had reached the river crossing" are you sure you arent from arabija?
Why did you do it doug
It hasn't even been an hour and Doug already updated the thumbnail, truly a mad man and a Peggle war criminal
God this lines up perfectly
How do you have a started save file with only 3 hearts when it forces you to get 4 and 10 to progress
Long live the holy line.
830th
HOO HOO HOOO HOOO
Can’t believe Doug has devolved into teaching his chat how to do lines
where do i go first to join the church of the line
Guys I can't watch this because I haven't played tears of the kingdom yet. Someone remind me in a year.
Song?
CarelessRex: …
NGL The line would be a killer speedrun category.
That's my line!
The holy pilgrimage
Algorithm gang
Now speedrun the line against Someone
the orchestral music at 5:20 reminds me of ymfah... PEAK
As fun as the twitch chat battles can be, I do appreciate a good old-fashioned insane challenge run that requires more skill than a god
I like for videos like this  #TheLineSavedMyLife
Ima simple man, you play FFX music, I like and subscribe.
East to west when
I WAS THEEEEEEERE
Me at the beginning: "This is dumb"  Me at the end: "LET'S GO LINE"
I’m pretty sick right now, but this video has really made me happy.  Edit: I am, once again, pretty sick, and this video has, once again, really made me happy. God bless the Holy Line.  Edit: Praised be the Holy Line, great god of healing.
THE LINE PROVIDES! PRAISE THE LINE!
Hey Doug I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but your so called "line" is actually a line segment, because it has a start and end point. To truly be a line, you would have to voyage infinently!
THE LINE BRINGS SALVATION!
Loved the stream yesterday, 10/10
What is it with this family and lines?
I love how this video was created by the smartest cavemen known to man. THAT'S MY FUCKING CAVEMAN!
New speedrun category: 1145-1155 any%
"I was trying my best to stay straight" I gave up on that
Doug Doug is just better (except 2D platformers)
I thought Doug was about to sacrifice Rocky to the Line at 27:30
the clickbait in the thumbnail is insane. I expected a horizontal line, but got a vertical one.  not cool
Respecting geowizard for doing this irl with different countries
Me, before watching the video: "Wow, this is going to be a boring filler video."  Me, after watching the video: "We thank you Lord for the Holy Line, straight and true, guiding us divine. Through trials and triumphs, Thy grace designed; The Holy Line, oh how purely refined. Amen"
failed the challenge, you used a paraglider design you dident find on the line, do it again with the base paraglider
New tears of the kingdom speed run, line %
I’m glad that I got a slight cameo for requesting to throw the frozen gleeok horn
he truly reached en-line-tenment
The line provides, THE LINE PROVIDES!
I really wanna know the song that plays during the rock throwing process. It’s catchy lmaoo
26:45 Doug I can’t have eternal straightness- I’m gay-
Immediately after watching this video, I went to another video and they walked in circles and it genuinely made me anxious the fact that they weren't walking in a strait line. I might need to talk to a psychiatrist.
Realistic breath of the wild cant hurt you, it isnt real. Realistic breath of the wild:
the rng is insane
Hate loud music. Made the end unwatchable.
So beautiful.
When I clicked on the video I thought the thumbnail was turkey because of a crack in my phone's screen when I was like tears of the kingdom has a map of turkey. 😂
It’s so nice Dougdoug is getting over the loss of his clone dougdogu
It’s videos like this that remind me that Doug is actually one of the most entertaining people on the planet.
We believed in the line and it provided
What is the song at 10:34 and 14:25?
THATS MY TWITCH CHAT no wait thats your twitchchat
"So what's your religion?"   "Its complicated..."
As someone who came into this video completely believing this would be just good background audio, I am now fully committed to the story at hand.
the fact ive been regularly sleeping to the VOD and this dropped today thank you DogDog
AMEN
beutiful
That was a great video, really brightened my mood, thanks for that captain doug
Doug what is the when and bomb
3:58 That chat's voice goes pretty well with the song.
That’s my line!
But wait you used the paraglider and that is a item. Doug messed up on this one guys.
The rhythm on the edits in this video are out of this world
It's beautiful...
I watched the vod of this a while ago, and it was just as epic watching it here as it was back then I always believed in the line o7
"...as we turned water into Line." was a glorious and immaculate sentence that I did not expect. Very well done.
Beautiful
Loved the rock arc, praise the line
guys we gotta stay straight now :)
There are so many miraculous coincidences that occur on this line that I’m convinced it was dev intended.
Excellent taste in music Douglas Douglas
Ok that was dope
Loved it all the way, thanks holy line
This has opened my eyes. No longer am I Atheist. I praise the line.
Hello Douglas Douglas
Love when he solves problems no one has he never fails to deliver
07
This was a whole cinematic masterpiece 😭IN THE LINE WE TRUST
More of these types of videos Doug, please!! That was your best content easily and I missed it so much!!
The classic good old intro. The nostalgia hits hard! Love this!
Fantastic gameplay and storytelling here. Got genuinely so invested and the payoff was so worth it. Probably one of my favorite of your videos now
Editing good, music good, line godly!
i'm so moved right now, may the line be with us always <3
0:54 lake heelia??
THAT’S MY LINE
Doug yo line heterosexual
Big up to the geowizard
Top 10 most powerful moments in gaming history
What a thrill, with straightness and lineness through the night, what a thrill, I'm searching and I'll follow you
I never expected to get so emotional watching a grown man trying to stay straight while staring at a shirtless boy
2:50 Davie's got the Stanley Parable Adventure Line, Doug's got the Hylian Monorail
the fact he doesnt look like guy fiery means he ether took a big break, or this has been in the oven for a while.
18:29
i diddent know doug doug liked doing lines so much such a wholesome man!
The small horn is crazy
In line we trust
“As we turned water into line” has gotta be one of my favorite Doug quotes of all time
That kinda feels like the Stanley parable adventure line.
I can't believe The Obsidian Pillar was The Line this whole time
btw, if you wanna see this IRL check out Geowizard
the line is everything
Mmmmmmmm
We all saw the original thumbnail Doug… there’s no hiding what you did
sincerely one of my favorite videos of all time now, PRAISE THE LINE
This was perfect. Thank you sir
"we turn water into line" is the greatest quote of 2024
THUMBNAIL
10:55 link ‘yeah’ing to the beat.
26:27 Dougdoug soyjak
I was just watching one of the IRL "travel in a straight line" videos, what a coincidence, reality appealing to my present fixation.  I cannot believe this was just as genuinely gripping, masterful.
For once, the straighs are okay.
Fantastic vid!
Did the horn remind anyone of MLP?
Do this in Death Stranding :D
“Everyone who believes in the Line shall not perish but shall have eternal straightness” gays can’t believe in the Line 😔
The Line gave me a more intense religious experience than I've ever had at any church
Thank god no more hair dye
All hail the holy LINE 🙏📈
Pls pls pls pls pls play ffx i get flashbacks when ever i hear that music pls play it
"Hey this is Doug Doug, where we solve problems that noone has" YEEEEES!!!
You've crossed the line this time, Douglas Douglas...
Parkzer  is Line's gift to this world. Praise be.
26:45 help im gay what do i do
Wait, that's The Obsidian Pillar™
As a huge BOTW fan it’s weird that this is the first time I’m seeing the sequel in any meaningful capacity
2:56 sounding a bit like you’re brother…the Stanley parable adventure line™
Doug you're not sly i saw the thumbnail change
You actually can do this challenge while going through the hot and cold areas, its just extremely tedious. you have like 3-5 seconds of invincibility from the heat and cold everytime you reload a save. so all you gotta do is continuously save every 3 seconds and let yourself die and then reload and rinse and repeat
Hey Doug, no clue who you are, just commenting to join the iPad giveaway!
I kinda forgot doug doug made acctual Youtube videos
Glad Doug can finally legally write this off
I’m a believer now. All praise The Line
Okay but what about crossing all of tears of the kingdom in a gay line?
I stayed until 4 am watching this stream. It was so emotional and epic that I just couldn't go to sleep.
throw rock at line
maybe
Why did the thumbnail change.
PRAISE BE UNTO LINE!
Reminds me of the good old days, dope
When dog picked up bone n threw it off cliff and said "Bone Appétit", it really hit me 😢😢
this reminds me of the videos dougdoug made 3-5 years ago. I love it pls more like this
Ah, I always knew Link was straight
Doug
All hail the Line
well i also have some lines which can give you a lot of fun for over a night, but they are pricy
Doug we need to talk about the drama
the old thumbnail was better mate
Should have called Geowizard in for a consultation when planning this.
I don't believe in some line! I believe in THE HOLE CURVE!!!
Him and his brother are both obsessed with lines!! if you know you know
How in the world did you wind up listening to gospel music? 😂
Had to beeline home to watch this. :D
Wait. Was this stream what caused the Obsidian Pillar? The bar he put over the map?
Live, love, line.
We need a part 2 where Doug and Rocky reunite in the depths and decide to walk straight through that while together the entire time
LINE WALKER!   ITEM RECEIVER!   PREDICTION BELIEVER!
GeoWizard would be so proud.
That was an epic
Anyone got the song for 8:49
Holy Line vs. Obsidian Pillar. Grudge match of the century
Oh my, didn't expect Big Blast Sonic in this video!
That's my fucking line.
May the line guide us all
I’ve seen a lot in my day… but this really crosses the line. Like all of it.
If its not straight, its not great - Line 3:17
How does he get away with using so much Nintendo music without getting copyright struck
Somebody should make a line% speedrun
thats insane bro
New video, prepare for intense thumbnail change every minute
He crossed the grand line
praise the line..!!
this is one of those “problems no one has” i’ve heard doug talk about in the past
Pretty sure this is the plot to one piece idk
No wonder Luffy can't find the One Piece, he's been searching for the grand line in the wrong universe
Now speedrun it
Isn't this the same thing as a linear shooter?
the fact that links yell at the end was in the key of the song makes this all worth it
LETS GO I GET TO SEE A DOUG DOUG VIDEO LESS THAN AN HOUR AFTER IT COMES OUT
My favorite game, my favorite YouTuber, and my favorite intro all in one video. This is the best YouTube video to ever exist
"As we turned water into line" was fucking epic
Ah my favourite movie, "Link the boy who stands".
YES I CAN
The lord blesseth the line
WE TURNED WATER INTO LINE
Mr Dougdoug I have a question. How can my feet smell if they don’t have a nose?
18:29 "Turned water into line" damn you. I hate how good that pun is
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo
What did I just witness
as someone named buddyrock123 i am happy to see rocks being appreciated
.
I am extremely happy that Doug has brought back his old intro
The church music makes me feel the lines presence 😭🥲🥹
I was there! Hell of a stream
one of your best videos yet, absolute roller coaster of emotions. i will be attending the holy church of the line this coming sunday.
This is the most beautiful masterpiece I've ever seen. ALL HAIL THE LINE!
Stop the idolatry
This line was better than the line I consumed because of school
I did this a few days ago.
Now do it in palworld
No Doug. No we cannot.  *Ends the video*
I'm at a very VERY low point nowadays... but I can safely say that this line saved my life! What a beautiful story that was.
Good luck
Welcome to the Church of the Holy line. I am father Straights. open the book to pixel 1:17
A love story about a linee, amazing
HOW DID I MISS THIS STREAM
hell yeah dude this video felt like the old days, absolute banger
Does anyone know how Doug was able to play with a keyboard? Some sorta programmed relay that converts keyboard input into controller input on a real Switch, or did he play on an emulator with hotkeys?
Truly amazing
already changed the thumbnail?
Good video 😊
The fact that this is even interesting just shows how solid and fun the core game play mechanics are.
Cant wait for the line% speedrun 😂
Now try going horizontally.
This is the most beautiful thing Ive seen
The editing was insanely good on this video, great video!
HE SAID WHERE WE SOLVE PROBLEMS NO ONE HAS GOD IS GOOD I LOVE YOU DOG
Hello, I am looking for my good friend Isaac A.T Mariokart. Do you know where he is?
No Doug you can't
Doug we know what you did to ougdoug.
To the .001% of you that see this I hope you have a good day and believe in the line :)  "The line is love, the line is truth, The line is power, eternal youth. It's the beacon in the darkest night, Guiding souls toward the light."  "The line is strength, the line is grace, In its embrace, we find our place. It binds us all in unity, A testament to our humanity."  "The line is hope, the line is faith, Through trials and storms, it holds its weight. With every step, we move ahead, Along the path the line has led."  "The line is wisdom, the line is sight, It clears our vision, brings insight. In its presence, we stand tall, For the line encompasses all."
Wow! He is finally solving problems again!
what a good use of a waste of time
What’s the song at 17:00?
I love when Doug exemplifies the indomitable human spirit and defies all odds in spectacular triumph only to get stopped 2 minutes later by a river being 5 inches too wide.
I can't believe DougDoug is back to solving problems nobody has. So proud of him
"Make water into line" was a great joke
I'm gonna have to try this
Finally a TOTK upload
Did you pay taxes for the game Doug
Love how he always come ups with the craziest challenges
Would love to see this become a competitive speedrunning category. The precision needed to stay on the line is insane
I have never been so invested in an object with no width, depth or curvature.
The FFX hymn of the faith really tickled my brain
All hail the holy straight line.
1756
Bro
rock
this is the most hype video you'd least expect to be hype
Best streamer and youtuber
liiine waaaaaaghhhhh
The line provides 🤧
Doug do you know the difference between a butterfly and a dragonfly
dougdoug couldn't go 30 minutes without changing the thumbnail so he's in it, he only cares about himself
THATS MY LINE
Oh my god the line he put on the map is The Obelisk that "randomly" showed up on his stream layout
I had forgotten about this stream, what a good time
hey doug where were you augest 3rd 2007?
The greatest story in cinematic history
I saw DougDougs LookALike in my gym today. He looked at me angrily
Glory to ougdoug
If I had a nickel for every time a member of the Wreden family created an Adventure Line, I’d have two nickels, which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
The music on this video is great
11:00 He doesnt even mention how when he tried to save and reload here it forcibly moved him off the line on reload so he had to go back like 15 minutes worth of climbing.
9:58 did not expect to hear a GET THEM TO ROCK, in my Doug Doug video, the line truly rewarded my faith. SCRATCH THAT, STORY TELLER TOO, WE GUILTY GEAR FANS ARE EATING GOOD
The line is my president 🫡
3:00 this TTS fit surprisingly well with the music
THE LINE!
This Hape du years ago
GeoWizard would be proud.
Cool line, Doug. But can you do it horizontally next?
The holy line hath graced “Doug”
8:48 doug can't read
Doug, stop it. YOU KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON BETWEEN THE OBSIDIAN PILAR AND THE HOLY (not anymore thanks to you) LINE
This is the only acceptable form of straight pride
I've watched the VOD recently and it's a majestic experience. So much hope, doubts and the faith in the holy line.
Whenever there is a new DougDoug video, I’m more excited to find out what it’s actually about rather than what the video tells me it’s about.
PUT YOUR FAITH IN THE LINE!
I’m so glad Doug decided to unbleach his hair
The intro "Hey this is Doug Doug where we solve problems that no one has" filled me up with a warm nostalgic feeling, holy hell
PROBLEMS
Guilty gear music in the video 💥🔥🔥🔥🔥 (please play guilty gear)
God speed you magnificent fish
a bit conservative of you doug to worship a "strait" line
Praise the Line!
I don't think I've ever seen anyone make walking in a line as exciting as you did. Loved the video
Praise the Line _____________
Doug is so desperate to prove he's good at 2D platformers, he's turning 3D games into 2D platformers.
For those looking for the HOO HOO throw rock song its Unforgiven from Tekken 5 (with the background crowd chants). HOO HOO HOO HOO HOO
Airrack
I liked my own comment
yes
1:44  I thought flaccid was only used in sex slang bro 😭😭😭
I like how Doug’s videos go from: I have one challenge and then i can’t do this, AND this ANNND THIS
This is most incredible, inspiring, meaningful and straightforward video I’ve ever seen. You never strayed from the line’s path because you knew. You knew that despite the complexity, you knew the line had the path all figured out for you. Take that doubters. Amen.
This is the best lining ive ever seen
There's a video series that's really good where a guy (geowizard) tries to do this in real life across Wales which is also great
Geowizard is irl line if y'all are interested
YAY HES SOLVING PROBLEMS THAT NO ONE HAS
We are all waiting for the day that you and AI make a song together on stream
sensational
DOG I love your vids but haven't finished this game yet so I can't watch. :( I still will like it tho. :)
cheating
Once we wondered what the oblisk was and why it was there. Now we know it was a line sent by the gods to keep us straight and true
I'm should be possible it's an empty fucking game
Nintendo intended the game as such
This was honestly an incredible experience in stream, excited to see the video form lol  Also for anyone in the comments looking like i was after the stream, the big gospel-esque song at the end is from Bayonetta 3, We Are One
Doug found the 10ft wide holy land.
GOD BLESS THE STRAIGHT LINE!
Good thing Hyrule is lacking in angry farmers.
UH UH UHUH UHU 🐵🐵🐵🐵🐵
THATS MY LINE!!
the best part is when he randomly turned into a caveman
bread
1:43 Fix your horn by looking at pictures of parkzer
Each like is one respect payed to dear old rocky who tragically fell down a mountain
Tears of the kingdom? I only shed tears for the line. blessed be thy line.
Like and subscribe to join the cult of line
423
And for the line was great, and the line was all. For every step we took in the line, we were blessed, and soon, we were the line.
Doug is the problem that no one has lol
As my first Doug Doug video that was beautiful. Long Live the Line 🫡
The Bayonetta 3 ending music really made this trip beautiful lol
woke up before work to see this masterpiece, unga bunga
I can’t believe that Doug proved his straightness by walking commando across the world and going “hoo hoo”
Is eternal straightness a problem if you're gay?
I have watched this stream 3 times as studying background Im so excited it’s finally a video lol. If you like this go watch the vod i promise it’s worth it
this one video contains a emotional journey, I feel like a changed man after watching this video
YOOOO THE OLD INTRO IS BACK NO WAYYYY
Holy moly just as i finished cooking my dinner
He really posted a video without addressing the controversy.
This video sets a new world record for “largest number of cheesy church music played within 1 stream”. Congratulations Doug, you did It!!!!
What songs did he use here? 16:59
I really don't get why he can't just... go around.
Song name at 16:58 ?
3:58 Top 10 Rappers Eminem Was Too Afraid To Diss
this video made me straight
This is delightful. The line provides
The reason that this challenge was so difficult is that it’s near impossible to make Link straight when Sidon is just standing there
Praise be to the blessèd line.
While it is still a good video, I can't believe the hour of Joey content got completely cut out
Really liked the video, but I don't think I can still watch you after the controversy...
3:58 - saudi-arabia approves!
Rather homophobic, don’t you think?
Hoo
Dang now i want to replay totk.. again!!!
this was unexpectedly beautiful
oh how i’ve missed the intro
MORE OF THIS CONTENT ❤❤❤
Hoo hoo hoo hoo
doug im gay
Praise be oh holy line
I love how a simple idea ended up making it's own speedrun strats
This is about to be his most viewed video
I can’t believe Doug died 2 times in last nights stream
Geowizzard totally deserve a shout out for this
THE CROSSOVER I NEVER IMAGINED!!! Well... it's more of a reference but STILL!
Its so sad that doug wont talk about the drama
How does manage to pronounce almost every location name wrong 😭 (“lanairu”, “lake heelia”)
Glad to see someone else carrying the wizard's torch and giving us a straight line mission.
good vid like always also im kinda early :O
Thats cool now do it in the sky
Shave it 🗣️🗣️🫶🏻🫶🏻🪒
all hail the almightly line. the almightly line shall lead us to salvation.
I know what you did.
How long does this take
Hold The Line!
There is a way to stall on slopes to regain stamina that would have helped him a lot
another episode of dougs masterful story telling
i thought you would deliver a real line within the x axis and complete restarts after a failure but i guess you are just not a real gamer 😑
Doug slowly adding more and more guilty gear music to his videos makes me so happy
Damn someone love some Guilty gear I'm not complaining ❤
Sly cooper music woooo
5:12 love that
Other videos: brown hair thumbnail, blonde Doug video This video: blonde Doug thumbnail, brown hair video
@geowizard was this your latest mission?
Was half expecting to see Loss at like 1:25
You say problem that no one has but I had this problem how do you explain this?
The fact that this was next to GeoWizard video of one his straight line challenges.
Im so used to the mayo hair that i forgot and visibly retracted when i saw his normal hair
MAKE A VIDEO OF PAJAMA SAM 2!
"We turned water into line" is an all timer
To the .001% of you that see this I hope you have a good day and believe in the line :)  "The line is love, the line is truth, The line is power, eternal youth. It's the beacon in the darkest night, Guiding souls toward the light."  "The line is strength, the line is grace, In its embrace, we find our place. It binds us all in unity, A testament to our humanity."  "The line is hope, the line is faith, Through trials and storms, it holds its weight. With every step, we move ahead, Along the path the line has led."  "The line is wisdom, the line is sight, It clears our vision, brings insight. In its presence, we stand tall, For the line encompasses all."
Bros airacking it
Anouther Doug "90% sac, 10% shaft" Doug classic.
GeoWizard would be proud
My favorite problem is code Pear in the item shop
The line may not be pregnant but it never failed to deliver
The line may not be pregnant but it never failed to deliver
OMG FINALLY, ITS BEEN SO LONG SINCE HE'S ANSWERED A QUESTION NOBODY ASKED
Unicorn suit upcoming?!?
"we turned water into line" is the hardest quote tbh  EDIT: @josephdavison4189 had a much funnier quote than me, tbh: "More like the hardest line"
Hes solving problems.... Good ol dog dog
Can I just say I am SO HAPPY you brought back the intro!
slay
So this is where the obsidian pillar comes from
You should do an AI speed run of pajama Sam two how did the first pajama Sam
Should of made it a 2d plat-former would of made it a real challenge for DougDoug
DougDoug with da guilty gear music
Shout out to Geowizard who has attempted this challenge multiple times in real life. Well worth a watch.
do u like borger
3:58 I just wanna point out that the tts went to the music. Nice.
Is that a young obsidian pillar. He’s grown so much since then.
I have lost so mutch money betting in this stream ;-;
Wooooo! New doug video
Idea for a challenge: play any kirby game while blowing bubble gum. If the bubble pops, you must restart the current level.
On the map is that the obsidian pillar? So that’s where It came from
We know what you are doing Doug, trying to Nostalgia bait us into forgetting that awful thing you did. Well it's working for only 60% of us but the rest of us will never forget. #DoNotForgiveDoug
Hi doug doug love ur vids
Balls
This is some top tier death stranding gameplay!
9:51 And now I have been introduced to this absolute banger.
I love that Storytime has now become a  regular song after the fast food challenge.
Big Blast Sonic is an amazing song from GG thank you
We want OugDoug
DUG DUG BEST DOUG DOUGH
Douglas Douglas what are you up to today
Ah yes i cant believe he isn't ready to talk about the controversy yet, what a shame, would love some clearance on that. Also we love the line.
Did he call them goblins
I haven't played either of the new zelda games yet, i love dougdoug vids tho. anyone know if this vid is good to watch without spoilers?
I think everyone have these problems.
Link is actually a mountain goat, he can stand, or at least walk, on such insanely sheer cliffs
The sunfish experience
Neat
geowizard type beat
There’s no way it’s possible to walk across Zelda in a perfectly straight line in ultra hard mode EDIT: Holy Shit
This looks like a job for The Stanley Parable Adventure Line™
Doog
The doug doug family loves following lines. All this one is missing is some jaunty marching music.
Hymn of the Fayth going hard in this one
This Legend of Zelda content is already a THOUSAND times more entertaining than Pointcrow
Hey Doug, I know you might not know this, but you can also just stand on a lot of services that you should be able to while climbing a lot of sheer Cliff faces can just be stood on
Can't believe all this time, DougDoug was exposed for faking this video. The scene where he went to the gas station was actually 40 miles off from the line. Down with DougDoug!
I missed that intro I hope he keeps doing these videos sprinkled in with chat and AI stuff
🐨
This is the Zelda equivalent to Luigi winning Mario party by doing nothing
Virtual Geowizard has never been so... Blatantly rigged before
oh thank fuck we’re still solving problems that no one has
w the old intro is back
...
No one has fully watched this video at this time (12 min since upload)
Well hello there
Bro thinks he's Airrack
the hymn of the fayth is such a good song
Hearing him say “hey this is dougdoug where we solve problems that no one has” took me back
This video makes me wish lines were real
Came here with a problem no one seemed to have, thanks a bunch dog dog 🙏
What the song at 8:08
it's been a long time since we've solved problems that no one has
YESSSSS been waiting for a totk video from doug. So excited for this. Please do more
The fact DogDog refuses to answer the allegations is just another reason why OugDoug is better
Wait but I have this problem
The thumbnail is Botw silly Doug
Great video
Doug i want you to combine all your challenges video game or not
Ahh, good ol Geowizard
Hi Doug
kind of messed up to imply i haven’t had this problem before
Love how TWO routes just goes straight through the “dont go through here” parts of the map
Every day for the past 3 years I’ve been wondering if it was possible. Know I know that it is in fact possible for a YouTuber to upload a video that has zero impact on the future of humanity.
It's clearly not a globe, so no.  There's gotta be water somewhere.
About time this is a video
I was just about to rewatch the vod today great timing one of your best streams.
this was the best livestream to ever stream live
Oh boy I bet this will stay very focused on the relevant challenge in classic dougdoug fasion
Man I want a bowl of chili
I can't believe that Doug would still the adventure line from his brother...
I gotta say as someone who doubted Doug kinda abused the rules. Initially he said he wasn't gonna do anything but press the forward key but he kept slipping and said that hed go directly back to the line if he did slip. Then he asked how far he was allowed to slip before he had to reset and we established a safe zone 5 degrees on each side. Doug apparently interpreted this as he was allowed to abandon the initial line and move however he wanted as long as he stayed in the safe zone. This of course resulted in the least straight line I have ever seen. It was actually a zigzag line it was never straight don't let him fool you
Doug, you can't run away from what you did back in 95' and i'm after you. watch your back.      Nice video 👍
oh nice a new video!!!!
Nice
nice
another banger
I can do this in a SERIES of straight lines. Does that count?
i lovee you smug smug
After the recent Factor ad where Doug went into Parkzer's room naked, I'm not sure this will be possible for him
Straight line mission across Wales when?
This is the only time that chat has been excited for something straight
DAYUM SIX MINUTES AGO
ye totk :)
Bros chat carries him
balls
he said it, he said the thing
This was the greatest chat moment of 2023
I have problems
Finally, A new DougDoug video where he once again solves a problem nobody had
Next time "Can I get 100% of Tears of the Kingdom while Chat spawning random enemies and AI is asking me trivia questions +randomiser mod"
yeah maybe
It took some amazing dedication to do this, and the stream was amazing lol.
Truly the best 7 hours of my life spent watching the VOD of this
Alright, a DougDoug upload
A dougdoug video keeps the depression away 🎉🎉
all hail the LINE!
169 COMMENTS 4 MINUTES AGO??????????????? NO ONE HAS WATCHED THIS VIDEO FULLY YET DOUG
So this is what Geowizard was doing
Nintendo shaking and crying right now at the fact that Doug is using a keyboard.
“Ultra hard mode” “I am naked”   Are you implying something Doug?
Now do it in a gay line
Ok
Wow
So happy to have that intro back, you have no idea. It's like seeing an old friend again after many years.
i love ur vids douggggg
Alright let’s see if he beats it! Interesting that this was uploading 2-5 minutes ago
Thank you for bringing this intro back
The fact the old intro returning wasn't just a one time thing brings a smile to my face
Next beat real life by only walking in a straight line
This video fresh outta that oven
You have made me mad dougdoug. I was playing geometry dash, when all of the sudden I get a notification that takes up my whole screen, and ends up killing me, I was so close. You win this time, dougdoug.
Dude I’ve never been this early to a DougDoug video
i don't know, CAN you?
ten years in the joint
We all know this is impossible because Doug can’t do anything straight
hee-lia
I don’t think I could
Dad is back 😭😭
we are so back!
Still one of the best streams I’ve ever been a part of, the clutch moments were so absolutely insane. What a day to be a believer
Don’t find myself here 2 minutes after the video drops
Hearing the old DougDoug intro is like getting a surprise call from your mom.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I love when dougie doo doo solves problems that noone has.
W
Watched the stream for this and it was great glad it finally turned into a video 😂
Doug Doug what if you were called Dog Dog? Something to think about.
gyat doug never fails to skibidi rizz up the ohio rizzler
One of the funniest streams I’ve been a part of. I believe in the line
i could feel my life energy returning the moment i heard "Where we solve problems nobody has."
He cooked here
that blonde hair FINALLY has a use
You know it’s a bad day when Douglas Wrenden uploads.
This was my favorite stream of last year by far
It’s so disappointing that Doug STILL refuses to talk about the drama, it’s like he doesn’t even care about PointCrow
:D
1 link... 1 line... 1 guy who is not good at 2d platformers... the quest begins!
WOOOOOOOOO
When Doug posts you know it’s gonna be a good day.
WOOOOOOOOO
00:01 Hi Douglass!
Doug? How often do you replace your pepper, or do you wash it?
doug, you gotta adress  the contrversy
Hello Father Douglas Dougler
I love you mr Wreden
oh the old intro, how I missed ya. Always warms my heart
I can’t believe that Doug was able to post this with his crappy internet! Wow Doug, you’re incredible!
I LOVE guy Fieri’s cosplay as Link
proud to be part of the first 34 viewers
Everytime Doug uploads I have to contemplate if the title is what's gonna happen or not
this video is pointless and i love it truly a doug doug video
Better question, can I get through Valentine’s Day again without tears?
im so early this video is raw
I can't believe you are ignoring the accusations, Doug.
hi eveyone
mmmmm delicious
Doug is not gay and that's not okay >:(
Didn't realize I wanted this, I'm glad this popped up
a
can you dougdoug?
Oh hey! Just like the Geowizard series.  Love to see it!
Finally we have the old intro back solving problems that no one has
idk
Doug I love you
Can't believe you'd rip off GeoWizard like that
Oh the nostalgia of him saying “hey this is Doug Doug were we solve problems that no one has” My god the amount of likes bro I’ve never had this many
hi funny man, i am now divorced because of this epic banger
Brand new vid
Sexy sexy man, Really stunning stunner
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.—That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed,—That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security
Idk, why are you asking me?
Last comment ever sent
hello DonkDonk
Love your content!
yipppeeeee
Early gang rise
I’m early to the Pepper Man’s video for once.  Hi DougDoug
doug doug
Never forget what DoughDog did.  r/wehatedougdoug unite.
AHHH
DOUGDOUG thanks for the vid budbud
early for a dougdoug vid
Hey DonaldDuck
I love all your videos!!!
15th view
The return of solving problems nobody has is still amazing
Do NOT tag this.
45 seconds ago, nice
Dog is line dog
Bald
How to prove your straight:
Dog dog
Olive oil
54 seconds gang
Guh
Yes
CABBAGE POG
yes
zoom
I still hate you Doug we want OugDoug here!
Bob 👍
I still cant believe Doug wont address the controversy, we know what you did Doug
Thanks for reminding me, time to watch the vod again
Doug Doug  may not be pregnant but he never fails to deliver
first 60 seconds
YES! THIS WAS SUCH A GOOD STREAM!!!
quick thumbnail change
Anything is possible if you believe, Diablo!
probably yeah
Love the content Doug.
everytime I hear that intro I corner hard
Let’s go new video
Probably
GLOB!!
woajh
so lucky to find such a fresh video, straight out of the oven
sure
7 seconds ago dang i just opened youtube lol Edit: I'm just saying I saw this within it being 30 seconds of this being uploaded which was surprising to me
Dougies today pog
hello
Where Douggies???
god this stream was so fun i'm glad it was made into a video
No.
I’m here
bald
7th
l i n e
Indeed
damn im so early
bacon
Wet Floor Sign
ALL HAIL EARLY GANG
BABE WAKE UP DOUG DOUG POSTED
Dougdoug moment
Love the content keep it up!
I'm early
first?
Idk maybe
Hi
hai
.  All hail the period! 🙏 Edit:  I think I got first! 😁
