Beautiful.
being from uk makes it weirder
13:20 Mapicc what
"the no pants pp"
13:21 Well that aged well
13:20 "wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy" ~Mappic 💀
Lmao at the bed trap bit, his genuine confusion was so good
Waffles
13:21 @Mapicc you cant say that :(
PARROT REKRAP WALLI CLOWNPIERCE AND FLAMEFRAGS R MY BiggEst FAn
Why did u kill the cats
mapic: out in the morning like p diddy Poafa: im out here with the boys going round hittin the griddy
13:16 bros spitting FACTS in the CHAT
Beware the man who speaks in pants.
8:44 at this moment, He knew he f@[ed up.
13:24  POAFAAAA
13:20  that’s why I love mappic
Yo what is mapic saying 13:21
13:20  wake up in the morning feelling like p-diddy. Got me
1:14 Rek takes a music disc: Pig Step, out of a yellow shulker box. He throws it to Parrot, but the disc stays in his hand. Why did this happen? A visual glitch?
Best shulker ever 4:38 4:38 4:38 4:38
the kind of things like speedbridging are the reason i play bedrock
16:05 not the weirdest thing anymore… GYATT
13:20 what did mapicc said
Why didn't you get punch II on the bow?
13:20, DID ANYONE ELSE SEE THE CHAT💀💀💀💀💀
rek is SO GOOD at choosing music, bro
13:20 mapic said wake up in thje morning felling like p-ddidy got me laughing
Rek should have learned how to god bridge or Telly bridge
Being british changes the meaning of what you are saying
were wearing headphones for this one 💀
AT 13:20 MAPICC "WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FELLING LIKE P-DIDDY'
feels like rek is a child and parrot is teaching him
holy CRACK he’s so HIGH
2:58 So he broke the rules then? XD
It’s all fun and games until you hear “wanna see me run to that mountain and back?”
Use bedrock…
What did mapicc mean by feeling like p Diddy
No pants pp is the best
6:34 MEOW
13:20 that is appropriate
Meanwhile plant just flying
11:11 It works best in communication to repeat everything you say twice apparently.
I love having no pants I do it everyday
I sware if this comment gets 1 like or reply I will solemnly sware in the town square on the smp I play on never to ever wear pants in minecraft for a month and if rek sees it I'll never ever wear pants in minecraft at all
13:21 look in the chat
13:20 Mapicc in chat: "Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
13:20 erm what is that
ABSOLUTE CINEMA
the part where he go the enchant he wanted but it was enchanted pants made me laugh way more than it should've
Parrot is so extra bro
If you see spokes videos, Reks base is the same base that was raided and abandoned when it was the wormhole videos that spoke made
did anyone else notice how the video is exactly 1,000 seconds long?
ITS SO FUNNY THAT HE BUYS PANTS LOL
Is nobody talking about 13:22 when Mapic typed “I wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy”😂😂😂😂😂
bro he could of used tipped arows
13:20 that message did'nt aged well for mapicc
PUNCH A TREE
Look at thebchat at 12 30 8t did not age Lee
It literally shows her name is west at the top
1
"Finds a projectile protection 3" "Also it was a leggings"
Toji vs featherine would go crazy ngl
Bro killed over 100 cats unsubing now
"all to get my friend to take off his pants" .
13:22 Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
Should have named the swords no pants pvp
13:21 umm mapic
lolz
13:20 nahhhh😂
13:20 💀 look at chat
God is good trust Him amen ❤
13:21 what is mapicc doing😭🚡
7:04 "no pp squad" 😆
13:24
the cats have to be sleeping on the bed wth you i think
So no ones gonna talk abt this? 13:18
5:20 oh no oh no oh no let me place some wa- 2 seconds of pure disappointment
13:21 mapicc what
13:21 having a intense battle mapicc be like wake up in the morning
It's wild how good parker is at recognizing traps. Like the recruiting challenges at the start, he failed almost all of the 'intelligence' things, but then is an absolute GENIOUS with the bed trap.  *also intelligence in quotes cuz obviously it has nothing to do with intelligence.
13:20 mapicc...
Leowook lookin shiny
is this dudes reak name rekrap spelt backwards
steve is part of the no pants people party, as in the trailer where he says diamond armor full set, the leggings are missing
13:20 uhh wtf did mapicc just say
I did this in real life
13:20 mapicc is freaky for saying that
The TRULY important things in life.  😂🎉❤
13:20 Mapicc feels like p diddy?
13:20 Mapicc wth
13:20 That chat message aged well 💀
Why didn’t they use Elytra’s?
13:20
Imagine this but in bedrock
i dont wanna take off my pants
Rekrap how do I comment to ask a question???🤔
That was so fun lol
Egg
Guys at 10:48 you can see planet flying!!!
Did anyone realise that parrot sounds somewhat like dream?
13:20 look what mapic said
13:20 mapicc the time traveller
13:21 so uhm… idk what to even say
Did anyone see chat what it said wake up in the morning feel like P Diddy
Planet airlines
I know I'm really late, but would thorns have been of any help? Cuz I'm pretty sure it affects projectiles and does give knockback...
13:21 what the heck mapicc
13:20 that aged well…
13:20 did not age well...
No pants pp💀
13:19 mappic time travel?
13:20 rare occurrence of p-diddy before getting caught
13:17 that aged well.......
13:17 wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy - mapic
Java players: ugh I’m so tired Bedrock players: already?
13:21 mapicc chat message lol
At 13 minutes something Mappic said waking up in the morning feeling like p diddy
bro i try to get a screenshot of people with their pants off every frickin day and in real life too
0:09 why did you have to kill reddoons
hiii
Obviously your not kidding you are Parker
Imagine being on java speed bridging on bedrock is soooooooooooooooooooooo easy
ACOOKIEGOD
12:20 ayo
13:20  “I woke up in the morning feeling like P-Diddy.”
13:20 "wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy"😭😭😭🤣🤣
13:21  Mapicc: Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
6:24 cat in boat then mc is like; Yk what? There is no cats except 1… i think. Cat give present Mc dum  8:00 see i told ya 😂
Pov: lifesteal owners are too dumb to use /gamerule doinsomnia false and need a plugin
-Hi-
-dude are u serious rn dude-
Ahhhh, that satisfying 2 mil sub count
Rekrap and others : panicking Mappic : Wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy 13:21
freaky even.
Can you please like my comment?
Mapic: "Wake up in the morning feeling like p - diddy"
13:20 No mapicc 😭😭
13:19 mappic :|
13:24 mapic be like: wake up in the morning feeling like P-diddy 😂😂
13:21 P diddy? (In chat)
Why does bro keep on saying no pants pp💀🙏🙏🙏
13:20 bro in the chat someone is typing the lyrics to TikTok
the “the no pants PP is starting to stress me” at 7:12 got me on the floor😭💀💀
why does rek kinda remind me of shaggy from scooby doo
how do I join the server on java?
bro mapic saying i wake up in the morning feeling like p didy aged like fine wine
13:20
9:24 eR aCtUaLlY yEh PrObAbLy Be MoRe ApPrOpRiAtE
Do the no pants stance
Not a lot of people noticed Mappic saying “wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy”
I can do better in bedrock
3:20 look at chat
to be fair it's been 2 years since the video was uploaded and i'm still laughing for rek's slow falling explanation 5:22
13:20 chat is crazy
13:19 that chat message did not age well
13:21 There in an intense speed bridging battle and then meanwhile mappic in the chat “woke up in the morning feeling like P-ditty
13:19 we’ll that aged perfectly
13:21 wake yup in the morning-
why is nobody talking about the one message "woke up this morning feeling like p-diddy"
Umm did anyone see the chat at 13:20
13:21 wake up in the morning
13:20 hmmm i guess what mapic refered to
This video is 1,000 seconds long 😁
13:20 Mapic : Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
13:20 mapic bro..😭
13:18 Mapic feels like P-Diddy in chat
Parrot: Rekrap the NUMBER ONE RULE is to not wear pants. A few minutes later, Parrot: Rekrap, the NUMBER ONE RULE of the NPPP is to not humiliate yourself!
Specific protections don’t stack.😊
13:20
Full grown men taking of their pants infront of each other (in Minecraft) is peak human.
Rekrap team be like "they got boats that's so smart"  meanwhile rek with half a stack of planks being able to make a crafting table and a boat
13:21 mapicc in the chat
13:19 dang mapicc, that didnt age well
at 8:35 you can kind of hear a shovle brakeing ALOT of dirt and of what I know there are not atomatic dirt farms soo was that a player?
13:19  ain't no way mapicc predicted that 2 YEARS AGO
P-Diddy reference in Minecraft chat at 13:20 did not age well.
Can we please see an amazing rematch of this in 2024/ season 6 it would be so funny
mapic said something thatt aged like wine
Oh wow the nostalgia and Joy of warching a rekrap season 4 video wooooww -2024
Mapic sayin wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy is crazy considering what happened now
13:20 Mapicc's chat message did not age well
At 13:21. Mapicc saying I wake up in the morning, feeling like P. Diddy. Got me
13:19 that chat message aged well lol
13:21 that aged well mapicc
Mapicc be looking kinda freeky 13:20 👀👀👀
13:20 diddy getting flamed in chat
13:20 Bro was too early- Mapic 💀💀💀
13:21 Mapic chat😭
Bedrock be like 💨
13:21 oh mapic.
13:18 mapicc, that did NOT age well
Mapics chat message at 13:21 did not age well.
It felt like this video released yesterday or at least for a couple of months ago but no it has bean 2 years!
13:20 mapicc in chat 😭😭💀💀🙏
13:21 no way mapic 😭😭
Ummmmm... what's that in chat 13:20
I just realized wreck rap is parker backwards
“Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy” mapic-2022
“The British are coming”❌ “The enderman are coming”✅
wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
umm in the chat, what did mapic say!
wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy -mapic 13:20
Mapic predicted p-diddy?!?!? 13:20
13:19: "waking up in the morning feeling like p-diddy" has a very different meaning now  Edit: damn he edited it out
I can see rek having a cat in minecraff
Rekrap great at minecraft
Hi
Hello I'm a fan of rekrap and I watch Cookiegod😧😧 I'm kinda glad to see you because I'm a pro at minecraft but not good at enchanting armor or swords 😅😅
Why does mapicc fell like P-Diddy at 13:20 ?
wait its no pants people i thought it was no pants pp
NPPP FOREVA
Just break ur pants :P
6:34 only one tamed cat can bring you a gift, regardless of how many you have
13:29 made me think of weed for some reason
I love your videos I love your videos I love your videos I love your videos
0:01 helo
Look what mapic said at 13:21
13:13 look at chat mapicc feels like p didiy
i just realized that spoke made this his vault in the wormhole videos
Mapicc saying: Wake up in the morning feeling like P-diddy did not age well
rekrap has the power to make anything entertaining, including bridging 1000 blocks.
this is the third weirdest thing rek has ever done
No pp squad 💀☠️
As rekrap onces said "GYATT!"
13:21  “wake up in the morning feeling like p diddy” 💀💀💀💀
5:23 that made me laugh SO HARD
Imagine a god bridge god is here😂 bro would be winning always😂😂😂😂😂
Seeing people with their pants down….  BUT SHOES ON
Love this its a insane clutch 5:21
0:06 ayooo
7:02 He said no pp 😂
13:19 what mapicc said did not age well
How do you bridge that fast
"A deal is a deal let me see those pants"-2023
bro wants to be in the no pants and says " i love pants"
I can see Planetlord using his glitch to float
id be more comfortable listening to this if they called them leggings......
the start sounded so wrong  💀💀💀💀💀💀
Ngl its funny how reks base is wear spoke made hus first actual 1 in the wormhole
shdjevjw shdjevjw idid all i sub for a long time
13:20 EXCUSE ME
13:20 Magic-2024 13:20
I have watched this video like 9 times and I still like it
13:21 Mappic is wild for that
the four top comments are all youtubers
I really like this vid
13:22 that didn’t age well
13:20 wake up in the morning fell like p diddy
waking up in the morning felling like p diddy did not age well  13:20
3:23
“I woke up this morning feeling like p-diddy” is crazy 13:21
"woke up in the morning felling like P-Diddy" didn't age well
The6 should do this in real life
13:20 wake up in the morning feeling like p DIDDY
Youre a good youtuber rekrap. Please dont fancy kids.
the chat convo going on from 13:20 - 13:26 💀
13m 20 sec look at chat
"the no pants pp" lovely
Nah that intro is crazy 💀💀
fak salted caramel
The first time projectile protection got a use
pants is not mandatory
Love this man’s energy
13:19 i am NOT feeling like p diddy 😭
MAPICC CASUALLY SYAING " waking up in the morning feeling like p-diddy"
mapicc crazy for the p-diddy 13:21 😂🙏🙏chat msg is mas
i love you
Poostion! 9:06
0
PP!......
There is 15 verified accounts that have commented on this video
14:12 why is mapicc quoting corps
what is the paper one supposed to do?
13:21 mapicc what
how about we start a cult and spam "pants are overrated" and anyone who protests lets spam them
parrot branzy clown mysticat leowook acookiegod 6 famous youtubers commented oh my
I love when my friends have no pants
No Pants PP S rated team
9:42 roshambo's english is amazing "oOhHBOuJA"
10:54 no one realize someone floating in the corner
What is this
Im not gay bro, I swear!   Bro:
9:55 "Yoo this is di-"
Muiz
ayoo
The Java no exceptions
Bedrock is way better
haha
Bedrock players: *look at what they need to mimic a fraction of our power.*
my Favorit part about this video is DESTORY THE TREE on the top right.
I absolutely hate the name
Planet lord asf: 🗿
9 معلومة جديدة😊
this indoctrination is crazy
U put a whole  in that server a good hole w rak
W
The no pp squad is crazy 7:03
title should be   Speedbridging to not wear pants
When Rekrap bought the enchanted pants I started dying of laughter and fell out of my chair
parrot you have a very good mindset
uwu
Rekrap is dum 😂😂😂8:45
Leo: Hey if you wanna save your friend(tf2 pan hit sound) *dies*
Lol
gamepoema is beter
Bedrock players: mortal hahahah
Speedbridging?  Bedrock>>>>>>>>>>
holy crap hes so high!!!!- RekRap2 2023
That some rather odd....fetish...
reminds me of pinkleaf...
No pants PP💀
Dude 7:04 though 💀💀💀
(NPPP) the No Pants People Party  why is it the NPPP
Do speed telly bridge next🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂🎉😂😂🎉😂🎉😂
No Pants Pancakes😂
5:00
No PANts no BANs
The no pp squad💀💀
What??????????
You should play in bedrock edition because speedbriging is easier in that game I think..
I love the video seeing everybody in the no pants PP and their pants are down I love it love it?!?
"Oh no let me just place my Wa----"
I thought planet would start floating
Wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
When you are little further than other teams build two 3 blocks up on path, then put water over it , then destroy the blocks the water will work as a shield from arrows. Even while letting your team mates pass through it.
Pee pee
You beter dan my 30%
Rek is to smart
No pants pp
No pants pp sound like no pants pee...
me speed bridging on bedrock: stop being dram- ohh yeah your on the laggy slow bridging fersion of minecraft
6:28 u have no soul :(
hi
Ee
5:27 :D
no pants PP
Plant was flying you didn't see?
I bet u godbrigde 100blocks
Did anyone see planet just flying at 10:57 in bottom right😂
I feel bad about leo tho
You shouve have throughn he diamond pant in the void infront of them
at 5:22 is just the FUNNIEST PART OF THE VIDEO
Pancakes more like nocakes
dude what is the paper in task 3 dont get it
The Intro is epic
i didnt even realise this looks just like that planetlord thing but i feel like its the same one but redid
Title: Speedbridging 1000 blocks Thumbnail: godbridging 1000 blocks
💀💀💀💀
Just go in nether and find more then 21 anchan debry and gold
parrot on 3:07 u said i love wearing pants lol
I dont wear pants
This is my 5th time watching this...I never get bored of rekrap! Keep it up!!!!
WE LIVE🧬WE LOVE💘WE LIE🤥
I am on a quest to subscribe to everybody that replies to this comment.
:)❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
No pants grow ants
FIRST YOUTUBER TO HAVE DARK MODE ON IN YOUTUBE
When rekrap buys prjectie prot pants lol
“The no pants peepee” 💀
0:17... Sus...
Wear netherite
HOW MENY YOUTUBERS COMMENTED
Bro rek hates PAN 😅😅
LOVE THE VID
Last time my cat gave me a gift when i woke up was poop
Go
gay?
Your good at minecraft!!!
Lol
13:30 me when i look at the boys in the highscool toilets
7:36 idk why but this made me laugh so much
il die for pankackes if i need to
POV he challenged mont Clair bear and he starts Telly bridging
I Just noticed planet flying in the back at the brigde
Its not too hard to be a mortal enemt for the rest of the season because he never posts a video ever
If I try playing without pants on the server Mapicc and Jepexx played I would die.
THIS. IS THE MOST ENTERTAINING SCARYIEST/FUN THING EVER IM GONNA SUB
I was going to say put on swift sneak untill I realized
This is more intense than mcc
😮
Juste une chose que tu as
Quoi pourquoi beaucoup des chat
All the cats dieing made me cry
Bedrock players be like:
Planetlord casually floating 😂😂😂😂 10:46  yes on the right side
I love how you can see planet floating in the background 10:48
he took a screenshot of Leow0ok with no pants on at the end
bro 4 mil views and only 83k likes lets change that 👍👍👍
time for the cancel chesplate club
*me laughing in being able to speedbridge while sprint jumping because I’m in Bedrock*
Just play on bedrock 💀
3:52 i was fully expecting the guy to just run away with the hearts
this is the most butt clinching gamemode ever
who else saw planetlord's pov
脱裤子，厉害的。
im eating a indian sweet. i dont care what u say about that.
SPOKE USED THE BASE FOR WORMHOLE BASE #1 LATER IN THE SIERIES???!!!!
Can’t you just use an ender pearl stasis chamber
Bedrock players: Too easy
oh oh oh no falls into the void
To Take of his pants (wtf)??
6:28 when rek killed the cats i unsubbed temporally
10:55 Heeey planets using the flying glitch
7:36 I loved when spoke was not terrorizing the server with exploits and glitches and was just so nice… good times.
Am i the only person who realized this or what? Mapicc said “wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy at 13:20 and then poafa said “im out here with the boys going round hittin the griddy.” Then mapicc says “bro.”
Sayonara
7:04 no pp squad?
Is he even doing lifesteal anymore? This is the last video on ligesteal
Best parts are the parts where rek says "no pp party"
the captions always say your name is "wreck rap", "right crap," or "red rat"
no pants  pp😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Your the best
Alternative Title: No pants pp war!
@MrBeast please can ypu make a video similar to @rekrep2 where he farmed 1000000 melons in 100 days but this time get the entire dream smp, rekrap, redoons and any other youtubers to farm as many potatoes as they can in technos memory and you donate 1 cent to sarcoma foundation for eavh potato at the end @dream @reddoons @tommyinnit
Fun fact if you put on subtitles, somewhere in the video it will call rekrap, right crap lol😂😂
tbh i was more worried about punching down a tree 0:30
Did u know that only one cat can give u a gift even if u have more than 50. I know. Its strange 😹😹
Maybe next time is no underwear
16:39
are you still in lifesteal as you havent uploaded about it I think?
I mean if I was there I can god bridge
No pants pp
Only 1 cat is able to sleep on your bed with you
Is he gay
I cannot belive that spoke used  reks stronghold for his illeagal uses later in the season the 1 rekrap lifesteal season 4 vid so consurvutiol!
Everyone: Speed bridging 1000 blocks planetlord: ＦＬＯＡＴＳ
Ngl Rek and Roe are my favourite duo on lifesteal, it’s such a shame that rek moved on to other things but no one can deny that he is a peak YouTuber
at 9:05 he said pooshins
This is my favorite video of yours
5:22
Bro forgot to say pants 💀7:03
Your right brazy
W o n d e r f u l 😊
I though it’s called leggings
“Let me just place some wa-“
no pants pee pee
No shirt Shart club
hi
Try to join no pantsPP?? Are you crazy????Remove your pants forever??? Why??!!
8:39 villager: we do a little trolling
i've never heard someone so happy to not where pants
I wish a life steal member would respond to this comment 😢
7:13 rek🤨🤨🤨🤨
I love watching his pov
Funny that parrot actually left the no pant pp
wow, imagine having 20 likes on a farm tutorial video then getting called goated by rekrap
LMAO all the cats dying and meowing and sitting in boats
lol he immediately fails
3:25
2:30 HE SAID HE LOVES PANTS HOW DARE YOU PARROT!
Dude this had to have changed over time. Not even a few updates ago I was still getting gifts every night from my singular cat...
thats  ood
rekrap is genuinely unintelligent.
Nobody saw “wake up in the morning feeling like p-ditty
the first part of u killing montclair bear?
i want next season to have no shirt club  elytra allowed!?!
" no pp squad"
Frrst  prsn to comt gts ¹⁰⁰⁰⁰00000000000000 dlrs sike
Love
Pancakes
Java: speed bridging is hard! Bedrock: armature
Rekrap2 parker2
when it’s 6:28 did you tamed it? If not then you get nothing
yo can i join
Rekrap is the only YouTuber who can entertain me for 20 minutes about a type of bridge
Rekrap Know That He messed up 5:22
Geezus Krist, speed bridging over the void was so exciting, yet anxiety inducing
9:18 why is this so funny tho
Dude mapicc in the chat
pov your british
❤❤❤❤
Are speed pots not allowed and if not you should have used soul speed and bridged using souls and or did you not want to do that because it would mess up your speed bridging
damn the intro was gay
imagine if someone cheated and used aimbot in this video 🤣
9:48 "well at least we got the pants off guys"  -Roshambogames 2022
nah you should've had doogile join and have him on your team 💀💀
what the ****
lets just ignore  "Phantom Forces Script"  Parrot plays roblox exposed? He also hacks exposed?
holy nice man
Why is parrots voice so soothing😂
If I had that much cats like on  8:14 I would be the happiest person alive because I love cats :D
Rekrap, you might find my content intriguing… give it a try?
at 10:53 did anyone see planetlord floating?!?!?!?!
you are a member of the no ppp
Pan… DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
I love you❤
What do you like more dog or cat rekrap
no Branzy
bedrock players: look what they have to do to mimic a FRACTION of our power.
I’m super fan can I join
|'___'|
The no PP squad. What
Ou
Э
take that out of context
Bedrock players be like
,,Holy Crap, He's so high!" me: What do you mean by that? 🤨
pog
0:06
GG
13:20 What the hell did Mapicc say?
Ya
Parrot lied and thats bad ITS SIN
What’s this server ?
Can I please join and I love your vids
Hey wait a minute could they not make a bridging machine?
I’ve seen clown go down there
rek: no pants ON TOP AINT THAT RIGHT SPOKE roshambo: ughhhhhh
I've just come to the realization rek had to win the speedbridging duel to get in the No Pants PP but Leo just had to lose it... bit of an unfair trade for rek don't you think
I made the likes counter turn into 69k lol            but seriously this guy deserves it
After see Planet’s Vvid on floating in the air at 10:54 you can just see planet in the void floating and no realized
this was soo intense
this is called fastbridge. it was so already 10 years ago...
which server is this echocraft or lifesteal
"Oh my gosh he is so high" ayo
Ah, I love to rewatch this!
Rekrap you only live once and you dedicate your whole life to not wearing pants in minecraft..
Mapic in chat was so funny 😂
That respawn outplay was smooth AF
Bedrock players seeing this; ' Pathetic '
no one: absolutely no one: Mapicc: CHOKE ME LIKE YOU HATE ME BUT YOU LOVE ME
All the cats in boats start pooping out items.
For someone from england, the whole taking off pants sounds a whole lot worse.
No people pants party dance!
Jo kett
the dedication in the vids are absolutely insane.
07:04 ah yes the no pp squad
Lifesteal members: having an intense fight Mapicc: Wake up in the morning feeling like P-diddy
Survive 100 days in hardcore Minecraft with natural regeneration off plz
More like tbe gay party lol
netherite boots reduce knockback
If rekrap really doesn’t like wearing pants does he walk around only in his underwear?
LOL
reprak =DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
No one saw that planet was using expoint to litterly flout in the void to not die
nice
They should be A group where there’s just barefoot people
hey rek can i be on the server
PlanetLord had a vid where he found a glitch to float in survival minecraft and the speed bridge part he made the glitch so 2 vids in 1
Rek just trusts Parrot to much
ayooo rekrap you be sus😂
WHY DID YOU KILL THE CATS NOOOOOO
you can just put on pans and not die
The "party" should be remove and be no PP
nie rozumiem
No pans!
I thought his skin had pants on them Should've thought ahead.
Sus
this is just amazing rekrap always brings my day a lot better thank you and keep up with the good content
fun fact i watched this while getting a ring cut off my finger after i got it stuck
this is awesome. You were way more prepared than your opponent.
I wouldn't join parrot for the third time.
where we all cried: 6:29       how could you do this, rek?
NO??? PP???
Try and god bridge
Rekr you could use firework corss bow but this was Nov 2022 so yeah
If you can you can just get netherite armor you can get no knock back because netherite armor give no knock back
Bedrock players be like
Just get speed 2 pots
that's crazy
this is the video i found out he is truly heartless 6:29
2 milimeters
"HOLY CRAP HE'S HIGH" Me to Rek, me too
The funniest part is that if he didn't wear pants to the meeting, then he would've been in the group immediately.
all you have to is put cats in boats... Siri: cats in boats in cats in boats in cats in boats in cats in boats in cats in boats
Weird
nice!
Everyone Subscribe to MCThompson.
This video is seriously about wierdos watching people take their pants off
Is It Just Me Or Is That Kinda SUS
super bridging tip: place 2 blocks and place 1 block on top of the end of the 2 block and then stand on the block then hold right click and sprint at the same e time aiming for the ground of the two blocks then dont mind the ground just hold right click and thats it works on pc/ipad
The goat
Parrot
Haahahahah I’m Coughing
*a*
Bruh just play on bedrock 😂
your friend @leowook sounds like @tapwater  100%
lol i love you😃😄
Im impressed that all of this is just for pants.
4:20 I feel kinda bad for parrot he sounded so confident
what client do you use?
When Parrot was trapping your bed you did a 1,000 IQ play. Great video
WHY NO PANTS😆😆🤣🤣
13:29 is when leo gets coke
AYO💀
**Laughs In Bedrock**
13:33 soo high side effect for doing drugs
Parrot: "I wear pants in real life" Rekrap: Now thats just ridiculous why would you assume tha-
What was going through your head when you were bridging
You are awesome 😊
7:02 subs  wore pants
You or bye
What the  ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,hahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahaahhaahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahha
What the hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaha fu**
this was probably one of the most intense video i have ever seen. press this little button here if you think this is true: ▼ ▼
Going higher?? Are you drunk?            JK
Title:Speedbridging 1,000 blocks to win a bet Thumbnail:Godbridging
Bro 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Parker2 idk
u cant use pants bro
No pants no pancakes no nether
6:28 YOU CRUEL, HEARTLESS BEING 💔
You don’t say pants if you say it fast you pooper lol
You should have  used  E pearls
Speedbridging 1,000 blocks to win a bet me with a drag clicking mouse :) god bridge
“Wake up in the morning and feel like p-diddy” *-Mapicc*
Amazing intro
When u where grinding for armour it reminded me when Technoblade grinded so much for some netherite:)
It's funny that, when rek needs to figure an easy thing out in this video, he fails at first. But when he's getting trapped he goes 1000 iq mode
Bruh its parrot
Rekrap:buys enchanted pants   Parrot:I feel a desterpants in the force
Rek: oh no oh no  Let me place some wa-......
rekrap do you want to join me and my friends server we are also trying to get other ytubers on and we also got a big ytuber already and we want you to join
which mob for the mob vote will you pick rekrap is it the tuff golem sniffer or the rascal
GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND YOUR FRIENDS AMEN 😇😇
I enjoyed this type of content an year ago but now its just ridiculous 🙄
Yo rec did you know you can swim up powdered snow using leather boots and you can crouch I know this thanks to camman 18
hey rek long time fan, love your videos don't know if you'll see this but i dont relly care if you dont respond if you just see this itl make my day dude
i like pancakes
BIG POTATO
Kill me now.
Be careful. Poafa wants to trap you with pancakes
GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND YOUR FRIENDS AMEN !!!
I wanted rek to lose i wanted him to wear pants so he can pvp
Planet Lord LOVE HIS CHANNEL
My name UnicornPlayz!
y do people on lifesteal spend months making a trap but instead they could just straight up murder
Wait is it no pants people party or is it NPPP?
Why did you don’t have a texture pack (totem is enough)
I need help with red stone
You will never be able to use the new enchantment swift sneak😮
Rekrap Steve skin irl but drippy
Idk why but I just randomly thought that someone should make his jacket (the one on his skin) a actual like hoodie or something idk and guve it to him…
Only Og’s will remember that the title used to be: 4000 block speed bridge across the void
This guy deserves way more subsribers like he deserves around 5 million subs
when do i get an invite to the livesteal
Post a video please please please
Why do I have a sudden urge to not wear pants??
The snowman trap was amazing.
Damn
Man had a whole ton of pants at 4:50
you shoud of swich you game to bedrock in order to brig quiker sory for gramer
PP
hey rekrap guess who it is...?  u played boxpvp with me.
Wait wait wait... So in these top comments nobody has likes for the phantom membrane ? Like you just have to kill salmons to get some !!!
"you have to wait for parrots video" Parrots video who came before this one: >:(
But s
WHY CAN MOBIL JUST RUN FOWARDS AND PLACE BRICKS BUT NOT ON PC WWHHYY!!
REK DID YOU SEE PAROT NEW VIDEO ON HIS SHORTS
REK PARROT IS AGAINST WAFFLES!!HE MADE A VIDEO SEE IT!!!!!!
Anyone notice rekrap got a new laptop or computer 1:28 make a new setup tour!
REK NEED TO KNOW THIS Why pancakes are better than waffles (sorry rekrap) by parrot HELP PARROT LIKE WAFFLES REPROT MOMENT
Best 2022 movie 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Hey rek, could you do an updated setup tour on rekrap1 channel?
Rekrap spoiled 2 FIRE videos in this video lol, roshambo’s and parrots LOL. But no one noticed xD
EMERGENCY  “Eystreem” Is copying your thumbnails and video ideas He has the same thumb for I stole a mountain He has the same title for this YouTuber thought he could trap me He also has the same I stole among us statue video Like to help save rek
he is @NotParker2
when he realized at 8:40 that he messed up that was funny
Can I join the life steal for content for twitch
parrot has more subs
When is he Going to make Vids?
Hey rek did you know you can get arrows with decay/wither when you trade with a fletcher, 1 of 53 chance, yet it’s only on bedrock
Come and help me out in my Minecraft
Never watched any of your vids before, but this good sir made me want to watch more lol
I LOVE THIS DUDE
Nice vid
omg hi rekrap
pppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
App all pants people
Rekrap is in the wild update with 1.19M subs
I just noticed that parrot and rekrap has the same amount of subscribers! XD
PLZZZZ do your own SMP
for some weird reason you’re my favorite YouTuber and I don’t even know why:D
Why arent you uploading UPLOUD
i have a Minecraft server and its so fun and it was made to just be peaceful so me and my friends can play survival together, but today 2 people turned on us and ruined the server. i am so mad and they are trash-talking the rest of us. what happened was after my friends beat the dragon (without me, not that big of a deal), they went to the end islands. the 2 people that turned got stranded because and i guess they asked another person for ender pearls or something and then they died because the person forgot about it (and apparently i have a skill issue for getting mad at them for ruining the server) so they got mad at the person who forgot to give them pearls after they lost their stuff and one person who i didn't even want to invite because i didn't trust them (i was right) i have the cmd open and i could see that they were whispering to each other saying that they were gonna xray (which is not allowed on the server) and they took all of our goos stuff and destroyed everything. i am so pissed and i banned them and they are absolute idiots
To the creators of the plugins: THERE IS A GOD DAMN GAME RULE TO TURN OFF PHANTOMS.
Me on bedrock edition watching this be like
The plot is reveling its self THE PLOT IS NO
How old r u
wats the ip a not gonna wear pants
🤣
Bruh hasn't uploaded
13:20 :no one: mapic: wake up in the morning feeling like a p.....
BRO I JUST WATCHED YEAH JERONS VIDEO AND YOUR ROMMATES WITH HIM? WITHOUT WI-FI?
6:28 😱😱😱😱 how dare you 😂😂😂😂
Has anyone ever said you sound like theodd1sout
Can I be in one of your vids plz! Love ur vids ❤
As intense as a Manhunt!
Hi rekrap2 pls sub to me comment to me
that pant guy has swift sneak
most intense video
i swear i watched this video like 5-7 times
fun fact: rekrap real name is parker
Pls get netherite armor And tools you guys no longer get netherite
Pants
ẞØØK HÂRRY POTÉR
When you where going to pangies base mapic wore pants tell parrot now
when new video?
*deep dark*
CAN U PWEEZ MAKE A SEQAL TO THE 100 days in the deep video PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
?
p a n
i thought spoke was the first general lol
Honestly Parker, It is unbelievable the speed you are growing. I have been watching since the beginning. Amazing progress, can't wait to see whats in store for you.
Pause at the start also werid
what the hell is this
...        Gay...?
Your allowed to go on ceative in the smp? Wha-
I was watching this on my phone while eating noodles and I dropped it into the bowl full of water
5:21 ;)
I want to join the lifestealsmp anyone want to too
is ur cuz coleman
Me on bedrock, I can sprint bridge for a 10,000 blocks by holding down right click lol, good job on videos though.
NO PANTS PP HAD ME DYING LOL
No pants Pepe
good vid but why the sussy intro
pls can you do it on bedrock
why you keep changing this video name and thumnail?
Try to godbridge
Title"Speedbridging 1000 blocks" Thumbnail"Godbridging"
No pants clan
only chads remember the old thumbnail and old name
Yo Wait is this a cracked sever
video idea: meet up in real life with people from lifesteal and drop foam anvils on them
It whold be good with punch 2 bows
Rek are you ever going to make a server
All that for 1 friend to take off his pants.
I HATE PANTS!
"Pants are on the line good sir!"- Rekrap2
If rekrap murders one my cat i will kill all of families relatives pets.
Can you survive the deep dark with no hard-core mode survive 50 hour
157 repile
Can I de in a video
Æ :)  🎛⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜ ⬜🍎⬜ ⬜⬜⬜
hi i play on bedrock can i join on the sever then?
Who want my discord
8:51 you can see at the prices that they bought no pants from this guy, only boots, helmet and chestplate XDD
Can you do a new Gaming set up tour
Deez nut
No need to be mean
Rekrap2 if you actually read your comments please respond to me in your next vid
Bro you need to get your max set back kill spoke lol
I kinda like the tactic the other team used. Logging off then the other person place water and the person would log back on and fall in the water
No PAnts.. No PAncakes.. shall this lead to No PArrot? 🤔🤔🤔
you end up in the craziest places
"All to make make my friend take off his *PANTS* " AYOOO BRO YOU MAD SUS
E
🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨🤨📸📸📸📸
Do you remember the caves and cliffs war well I think there should be a security system on each door each one gets a name tag with (coughing) their team if they're on caves every one the caves team it's a caves name tag and cliffs gets a cliffs name tag and there are two hoppers one of them is the right one and the other one is the wrong one tell that to the Cliff's team and your team
Bedrock players be like: Pathetic
also rekrap
pls watch sun forge andd pls subscrib
So am i the guardian of pancakes and waffles
I love pancakes but CHILL i like waffles too
You should trick someone by leading them into a house or something, place curse of binding pants in a dispenser, and then when the moment is right click the button thus breaking the rules of the no pants pp clan. It's all, theoretical of course but who knows.
Rek can you call my mom because I'm only 8 I'm trusting you I'm gonna let know my moms phone number I want you to teach me how to do some things because I'm going to be streaming Minecraft soon OK
Yo where do you apply for life steal smp?
you know this could be a potential for a mcc game
This is the most important video in history
1:50 parrot has pranked Parker
When's The Next Echo Craft vid?
Steel Ball Run but minecraft
I swear I was watching this in front of my mom and I was soooooo scared she would here the words….
if you kill Parrot´s   parrot i would give you 1000 dollars
parrot
rekrap i made a new skin with the new steve idk if you want it
5:59 <ClownPierce> I lovem incraft <Parkertwi> epicness <ClownPierce> exactly <Mapicc> quandarius dinglefin <ClownPierce> What does that name mean to you? <Mapicc> that could be ur new frog if it doesnt work out pangi <Mapicc> GG <Mapicc> ClownPierce have you taken side to things yet?
Rekrap2 your god at redstone and escaper
Hey I was wondering, what microphone do you use? Do you still use the sudotack st800 or have you upgraded to a more expensive one? Gr8 vid btw!
Ayo 😶
Ur part of lifesteal smp right, can I submit a application still?
Why the name
O o
10:22 bro its minecraft not real life
Ronaldo is better than messi
I'm surprised you didn't Book the enchanted pants for their Proj Prot
trash software.
bro sus intro
Everyone straight up leaving and joining 💀
Nobody gonna talk about how he says “pp” every second
A few really
Almost die to Skyplace
Ok now do the lifesteal thing but damage is PERMANENT. This means that you can’t heal.
All English people thinking ‘’ whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat’’
Beatiful.
lol
These videos are great. Keep up the good work Rek
carolina reaper for 2m?!?!?!
What mod is he using???
not enough people are talking about how weird this is
"No pp squad"   *_HMMMMMMMMMMMM_*
Do another desk setup tour
0:00 ayo
To the 1 % reading this I hope you have a great day and whatever your going through  gets better
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Guys is bugusing fine on the server? because on the bottom right in 10:54 on is bugusing to prevent dying
4589
333
when you realise you could have given spoke ender pearls
Hi
parrot, may i join the no-pants-p-p? the only problem is im not a youtuber
My 3 fav people from lifesteal spoke.rekrap and parrot working together perfect from now on ill play minecraft withiut pants
if you had fishing rods on another teammate you couldve saved eachother
Rek do you have any combat tips with melee weapons
imagine one of them started speed telly
i was playing against parrot in pvp legacy and he was using pants
Quote of the day from rekrap2!:  I had armour covered and after a few minutes I had pooshions covered :D
Can u tell me ur settings for Minecraft and stuff
can u build the twin towers? and can i join ur team on lifesteal
Was the intro made to sound sus af
My friend wezo is a fan of you were knows me I im just not no the Smp
the duel of the century
when can you start posting more?
I know this isn't about the video itself but I want to start doing YouTube and I do school but I don't really have a soundproof room or good equipment so what should I do? :)
idk why was i so hyped about this thing
The flashy evening postsynaptically brake because armadillo pharmacodynamically sip amid a voiceless acoustic. wretched, perpetual sister
there fingers rn: 🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱
TNice tutorialnk of Nice tutorials colours like mbers of the band. All the "drum stuff" will be red, All the app might be green, softs, blue, keyboards Rose
Have full custom skin
10:03 they were about to unvade lmanburg
In 14:56 i saw that in my dream...
pp
No cap ibthink it wouldnt be that hard *realizes* this is basicly skywars
Damn,  You should have stuck with the snowman trap.
u dont need a job u good 1.3m views in 5 days like 7k let me guess?
Yoo Rekrap2 can I please join lifesteal, it has always been my dream and I need more subs
Rekrap i got unsubbed wtf
hello if you see this
Hey rek did you get into the team
I HATE PANTS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
hey rekrap how much lifesteal players play roblox?
is this server on bedrock?
0:05 me at the sleepover
Claim your, "Thumbnail changed" ticket...  👇Here
N *PP*
R.I.P Queen you will be missed
My question for you Q&A vid:what advice would you give for a new creator with zero posts. Also you are my idol who I look up to.
not even godbridge
"Holly crap he's so high " Let that sink in
Keep trying
are you stil the admin of lifsteal
hey parrot
Cool
why is no one in netherite?
imagine someone just pulled a godbridge and left everyone with their jay open xD
How stupid are thing people consider serious
Now do that irl
0:04, people living in England 😳
7:05 just saving it for later :)
Pants
Why don't U guys have Netherite Armor?
video's.
make a no pants pvp :)
Fantastic tutorial, keep up the great videos!
REKRAP
can't believe i cameo'd at 5:42! :D
😁
Just imagined of Doogile did this
U spawn in those cats cats change colour based on the biome and u only have one biome type of cats the same books that ur in coincidence I think NONE!
I’m a simple man I see someone in Minecraft with no pants I click
This video gave me anxiety watching because i wanted you to win
No pants party can be shorten to no pp!
I got Rick rolled on the way to this video
Rek is like the careful trait in hoi4 generals
Hey Rek! Can you update your skin with the new 1.19 Steve skin?
Why did the Norwegian ships have QR codes on them? So you can Scan-the-navy-in (get it cause Scandinavian)
Cat needs to stand
6:45  No one:  ClownPierce: LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL! LOL!
Hi
Theres a 1 in 53 chance that a master fletcher villager will trade an arrow of decay (wither effect) i think its only on bedrock tho
Can we just appreciate reckrap changing the thumbnail each week
Is there a potion of levitating, I would use that as I fall if I’m right lol
i love you
I miss ecocraft content
yup
I'm too stoned for tNice tutorials, I'll be back later...
how many number 1 rules are there lol
🍑
fff
Can we all appreciate the fact that this video is exactly 1000 seconds long
I got unsubscribd
this is epic
imagine bedless or doogile was here hehe
The bridge battle would be good for a Tv show
SUS
Rekrap could u answer this do you have minecraft bedrock editon or you just have java
lets make soft
Only rekrap could make a bridging epic
just realized rekrap is parker backwards
I’m pretty sure you meant to make the title my 1,000 block speed bridging duel not my 1,000 speed bridging duel Like this to help rek see
apple
The amount if times this guy renamed his video and remade his thumbnail
Ive watched this video three times LOL
Who forgets to take off their pants when they go to an interview?
7:44 subbed to TechnoBlade <3  TechnoBlade never dies!
I think my device was bugged beacuse I was watching tiko and it was a cover of one of his vids LOL
I fought you in bedwars the other day! You destroyed me :/
amazing vid
I love how in the thumbnail he is shooting himself in the back
Bro y u change the title
1,095,354 views, 41k likes, 2k comments, 1.18M subscribers. Nice!!
Warden gonna be a little hard to fight.
6:30 *cat fell out of the world*
Congratulations on joining our cause :)
Anyone gonna talk about spokes trash mic LOL
5:29 "Set own game mode to Survival Mode" REKRAP CAUGHT CHEATING IN 36287K FULL HD NINTENDO IPHONE 378 SMASUNG 382 ULTRA HD
GREAT CANT WAIT FOR SOMEONE TO TRAP SOMEONE WITH CURSED OF BINDING PANTS
REPRAK
5:20 Using Creative For Water Bucket
Wow, now we all know why nowadays in Rek's video's he has no pants.
hi can i join the life steal
ro's screech at 12:42 got me there
pent
Omg his so high, eyo rekrap
I was expecting him to learn how to telly bridge
Hello RekRap! I love your vids! I’ve been watching them since 2022 started. I love you! I hope you notice me through all your other fans. I’m not complaining. You deserve those fans, you are great!
I watched tNice tutorials video and tried to use soft soft and I couldn't work it. Its my tNice tutorialrd ti going through tNice tutorials video and tNice tutorials ti I connected to
I like pancakes
Ro carried
I was always fascinated by trap soft, been listening to trap long ti and i finally decided that i will try to make my own but i was so
Can u get Clown to 1v1 me?
At first I thought he was saying no pants “PP” part. Lol
If you want to play add me my user is togehjsjs
Do you play roblox bedwars
Rek "Boom, I get hit by an arrow. (Places water) oh no, oh no, lemme just place some wa- "
hollyyyyyyyy so intense
Not parrot wearing pants the whole time…
Did any notice he never chopped a tree
some lifesteal members: currently in an intense life-risking battle Mapicc: wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
I clicked this on 999950 views
LET'S GO REKRAPS ON TRENDING POGCHAMP
Bruh. You should’ve just learned how to adromeda.
“All to get my friend to take off his pants” -rekrap2
Wow
Did you join The Hive??
Roshambo sounds so different last time I watched him
Rekrap what keyboard u use
Hype hype more like snipe snipe
i wear shorts irl but i dont live irl
What inspired you to join Lifesteal?
hey rekrap I am a small youtuber and my biggest dream would be that I could someday join the smps you are in and you even inspired me to do minecraft so if you see this and have a reaction pls answer in the comments of one of my vids btw can you tell your friends that I love them too
From an English perspective the intro is very strange
Alternative title: Build battle over endless void
Hey Rekrap have you played bedrock? Because someone had taken a screen shot of you with the name ImRekrap on a server called “The Hive”.
can i be in the team?
ngl rek sounds like morty
Pantiful
YES
Only black cats drop things I think
listening to this in the background without any context is very entertaining
me watching the video the first time, nothing wrong, watching the video the second time: noticing that parrot himself said that he loves pants
Rekrap x parrot
958346th
Hi 1parker
Dream vs Techno was not as good as this! Rekrap is 1v1 bridging next to the void to have his friend take off his pants while in Dream Vs Techno they wanted the money. Dedication
This group really hates swift sneak huh?
This should be a minigame
AAAAAAAAAAND THIS IS THE SHOW, WHO ELSE BUT REKRAP!
Poafa: CALM DOWN WERE NOT IN AMERCIA (14:17)
“Too take off his pants” AYO SUSY IMPASTA
For God so loved the world, That He have His only begotten son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
For God so loved the world, That He have His only begotten son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
change the it from no pants pp to npx3
it would be way easier for you to speed bridge on 1.7 but well I think lifesteal is latest version??
me when i call no pants people party, no pants pee pee
I love how he is so hyped about not wearing pants🥳
LOL!
0:04 AYO? 📷
rekrap:but i also will be getting shot by arrows maybe tnt so i might need a slow falling potion to save my fall like oh no oh no also rekrap:didnt reach the water
gg
IF YOU SEE THIS COMMENT SUB TO NON155🚩 YOU HAVE BOTS IN THE COMMENT
Why not firework rockets
Who thought no pants ppl was no pants pe pee?
If you are "down" in mood and need motivation 👉check out my YouTube channel 🦍 Heads up kings and queens 👑
You Guys Were Using Hacks The Person That fall was floating mid air
this video is lifesteal when your mom walks in
No pants till the end
Dam get this man some pants
Technoblade 2.0
no frogs in this video? unsubscribed.
Come on two you have to beat parrot in subs parrot if you see this I mean no offense I still like your vids more than clownpierce so yeah❤❤❤❤❤❤😅
NUMBER 5 ON TRENDING LETS GET IT TOOO THE TOOOP
13 on trending wow!
"BeDDWaRRs IS UsLEsS iN 1.19" this video :D
Praying that everyone falls asleep quickly and has a peaceful sleep. Hope you all wake up happy and well rested
The snowmen really helped with that one
how is it going ? Any progress ?
I am rekrap
nice video
nice vid
12th on trending!!!
Ma you tuber hu
If I was spoke I would edit diamond or netherie pants on to my avatar
bro I loved watching this while doing homework. keep it up!
People who is in no pants squad   👇🏼
Let's Go Parker's back
OHHH I BEEN WAITING FOR GHIS VID AFTER WATCHING THE LAST VID ABOUT THE PLAN
Beautiful
Why is he still on his alt?
W
rekrap exposed himself 3:18
YOOOOO
Laughs in bedrock
today’s fact:pee used to be a detergent
you should have used rockets
Lmao
its good you picked leo instead of mid mystix it would have been weird saying So this is me, attempting to speedbridge 1000 blocks, all to get my friend to take off her pants"
The
The NPPP
"no pants pp" 💀💀
Phantoms dont spawn 😣
Man thinks you need a plugin too turn off phantom spawning  Its call gamerule insomnia off lol
Lol
U must to believe in Jesus Christ. He's coming soon. Doomsday is on the horizon. Believe Jesus is the Son of God. If you follow the Bible you will know that most all of the 1,800 prophecies has come to pass. Once the final few happen Jesus Christ will return. "If anyone is ashamed of me and my message in these adulterous and sinful days, the Son of Man will be ashamed of that person when he returns in the glory of his Father with the holy angels.” Our Saviour Jesus Christ died so that we will live. Jesus said, "I'm the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me". John 14:6. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit.
.
Pants
How’s your dad Tom doing
"This was Pangi's base, one of the main targets of the No-PP squad."
Here before one million views!
As a wise man just said beautiful.              ps it was parrot XD
GOD CREATED US TO LOVE US AND EVEN THOUGH WE SINNED AGAINST HIM HE DID NOT ABANDON US,BUT MADE A WAY FOR US TO BE RESTORED TO HIM THROUGH HIS SON JESUS;WHO DIED IN OUR PLACE AND IS RISEN...TRUTH.PRAYING IS TRUSTING THAT GOD HEARS YOU WHEN YOU SPEAK TO HIM AND MEANING WHAT YOU SAY...LETS PRAY,LORD JESUS I BELIEVE AND WELCOME YOU INTO MY LIFE,AMEN.*READ AND SPEND SPEND TIME WITH GOD DAILY,PUT YOUR TRUST IN HIM*ASK GOD TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HIS WORD*ALLOW THE HOLYGHOST TO LEAD YOU...I LOVE YOU BUT GOD THE TRINITY LOVES YOU UNCONDITIONALLY.
sus
to take off his pants? what is this dirty club?
Lifesteal hasnt entertained me this much in so long, WERE BACK BABY
can you whitelist me on lifesteal pvp test server for no reason?
sjjsjs
10:27 that was so smooth wth
This is now 3rd trending just below oversimplified’s punic wars so this YouTuber must be really good. (Subscribe to rekrap2)
Love the vids. I'm subbed to both your accounts rekrap1 and 2.
first time anyone has ever said ''i need some projectile protection in minecraft''
ya i think im done with this series
I’m watching this video by iPhone 12pm and you 😅
Im not a kid that lies and says randok stuff trying to impress u Rek if you're reading this i wanted to say that in most SMP servers i play I'm like you avoiding traps even somebody called me a rekrap roleplayer
I've never seen a more epic duel on minecraft, and thats in 8 years of playing! 100%!
0:06 that sounds so damn wrong
This legit felt like a space battle. This should become a game mode lmao
😯😯
how do you do the 5th challange?!?!?!?!????
8:07 thats a cat breeding ring
Number 3 trending!
Kay
Damn rap.This is the lifesteal video that hyped me the most,really cool
Hey rek this is a Q&A for a vid why don’t you stream and why don’t you have. Texture pack
Actually, you can fish up phantom membrane to!
Holy crap, top 3 trending, just behind oversimplified’s vids
This duel was insane. Great video!
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
Hmm
When you could of got 1 on trending but oversimplified just too gigachad
No one is talking about that at 2:30 Parrot said "i love pants" so what do that mean??
What about the burning of 100 pants?
I wish you guys could post more often
Waltuh
THIS VIDEO IS HYPE
i never wear pants i go fully commando
HES #3 ON TRENDING LOL
congrats on 3rd trending!
use a dispenser with pants and curse of binding and shoot it on someone so he becomes enemy of the pp
could have just brought soul speed 3 and soul sand
Ummm
Jaai?
What's better than to see a waffle lover while eating a waffle
#3 on trending POGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
#3 ON TRENDING BIG W FOR REKRAP
This was legendery
Cool
noice :D
I think i've seen this on Parrot's POV already, so I really liked also seeing it from rekraps POV
I feel like I could do this, although i would have to be in version 1.8
baconwaffles the guy that got bullied by v1nce
i haven't been this hype for, ANYTHING. since Spiderman No Way Home holy crap-   the battle feels like a MOVIE (a really good one at that.)    i hope i get pinned :)
that bed trap attempt tho...
with jump boost 2 and slow falling, could have made an easy tellybridge
No pants p- what
Ps4 players be like. Bridging is ez. Y telly bridge it so slow. Just full, sprint in straight line
No pp party
Bro rekrap you should’ve put punch five on your bows that
oh come on why you have to win rekrep i want you lose because you wast my time
losing sets of diamond armor just to get someones pants off just why
I do don’t get a noti now I’m. Not early
no 3 on trending!!
11:25
Be
You are going to be in prison  for 5 years
Wow
#3 on trending DAMN
The pee pee club  lol
Good video, I love it keep it up❤️
REKRAP IS THE BEST I CANZT EVENZ SPEED BRIDGE
rekrap this is a banger
My name is leo
WHY is averyone leasing and joining
Rekrap threw on lew speed not slowness
This is one of the most epic battles i have seen on munecraft ever
I saw this on rekrap1
FINALLY
Wait rek what if you did like speedbrigde but your just like aaahhhhh shoot i forgot how to do the speedbridge forward
The start of the vid was actually really sus not gonna cap
"So this is me, attempting to speedbridge 1000 blocks, all to get my friend to take off his pants" excuse me rekrap?!?
one of the main targets of the no pp squad 7:03
11:30 bedwars? you mean skywars? rek u never do bedwars commentaries
6:34 Rek did a silly mistake while editing lololol
Rekrap will do anything to get someones pants off
Wait were they leaving and joining so they can place water on where they fell? Quite smart
4:09 rek being SUSPICIOUS and careful as always
POG
This is probably the first time in years that I've seen someone in full gold armor
Wifi
Yay 18 h ago
He buys pants.....
how can a briding video be so cool?
Love how Parrot thinks he's the smartest guy on earth and tryna front Rek but he's just to better lmao
Yo rek do you have a fan e mail
why dont you have 10 mil subs already its so deserved
The next war No helmet people
Congrats on number 3 on trending!
"Oh crap, he's so high" - Rekrap2 2022
"Holy crap he's so high!" On what?
#3 on trending gg!
Subscribe kero or jaado dheko 😱
Perfect
I still question why they hate pants but that was the most insane fight to remove a person’s pants.
WOAG!
5:22 Karma Strike KO!
damn #3 trending congrats
You should namw your swors :Get Reked
the the video title was about no pants then it would probably attract more attention
For God so love the world he gave his only begotten son name Jesus Christ that who so ever believe in him shall Not perish but have everlasting life commit to Christ Jesus Before it’s to late ur choice no pressure all up  accepting Jesus into your life first and ur mindset Commit to Christ your choice for me accepting Jesus into my life was big because now I can live worry free and stress and negativity free For with God all things are possible And I believe if u commit to Christ Jesus you will be saved it’s ur choice no pressure because I don’t want you to be forced Just accept Christ by yourself or ur choice im just spreading the Gospel as much as I can all love God bless u all love ❤️
btw branzy made a secret base in your base rek
Me on bedrock speed bridging
Eric Bridge do you know it’s na? Pure curiosity lmao
thank you tNice tutorials is really helpful and an incredibly done tutorial for beginners
spectacular bro
lol the secret meeting is true
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
sui im pug+saurus
hope i can do such content too, new account
yooo rek upload on my birthday
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life 923
How did he get diamond armor before punching a tree?
fast
This is #3 on ....Newest?
Now this IS A YOUTUBE VIDEO. Let’s go rekrap
yo this vid is so so good man i love it  rekrap2
I love how mapicc just kept asking why everyone is quiting and rejoining lol
yea
when ever rekrap releases a video it's always the best of that day
I remember you doing that commentary skywars speaking about this finally the video of thruth!!!!
great video rekrap i always wanted to join lifesteal to join you guys for my content and with people who share a common intrest yeah so amazing video u r my favorite youtuber
wow🎉
Me who can't even speed bridge 10 blocks.🤣
Next it's gonna be no boots for them to take pixel feet pics,💀
Never thought i’d see a life-changing war to take someone’s pants off
God loves u have a great day!!
Rek can I just say how proud I am of you for getting to #3 on trending? Like I have been watching you for a long time (I didn’t have a account  so I couldn’t sub I was when you were at 1000 subs) I am just so proud rek
James 3:10 From the same mouth come blessing and cursing. My brothers, these things ought not to be so. (Also Jesus is king God is king.)
If you count username you could make it longer also I know he said not counting username
this man is a talented youtuber, i hope you one day achieve your biggest goal. mad respect you amount of people you influence is mad bro keep going love the content
1:02 "hey it says gullible on the ceiling"
Perfection.
Its just a tad easier on bedrock
treat PARKER good
1:12 "No mames" spanish moment omg!?!??!???
Roshambo voice changed lmao
I pray whoever reads this right now, may you get everything you wish.... ❤❤❤❤❤
No one: Absolutely no one: Mapicc at 13:21 : “wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy
number 3 on trending
yoooo #3 on trending
Ok but can they survive the derelict camp?
TBH I hate lifesteal
That what pros do commonly in skyblock
How did you get the shulkers before the end fight?
8:41 Rekrap: buys enchanted *3 pants* Parrot: Hold up- wait a minute-
I like how he changed the thumbnail
6:39 Ip address?
Buttoms cane in the fall
I started watching the vid 18 mins when it got released..didn’t complete it until now
bruh
Congrats rek and rek team
Blood curdling scream when leo died
Congratulations on trending the vids amazing!♥️
This is one of the best videos I've watched in a while, that fight was so hype
Three iterations of thumbnails so far... Can't wait to see the fourth! Hour Three ^
Everyone: Rekrap is so cool! I wish we could play with him! Chat: REPRAK
no pants people party  vs  pants people party  who would win     NPPP obviously ontop
Bro this video is amazing the music fits so flipping well, let's go! Team NoPantsPP
OMG i miss u u finaly uploaded YESSSS｡◕‿◕｡
Wat happened to the end island.
i personally took my pants off throughout the entire video
ahhahhahahaahhaah
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself by being Crucified and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.   May God Bless you all.
Everyone: Rekrap is so cool! I wish we could play with him! Chat: *REPRAK*
leo: "if you want to save your friend you hav-" literally falls off 2 seconds later
“holy crap he’s so high” -rekrap 2022
Mappic is like so oblivious about what's going on
why am i hearing morty
Yo what the……..he changed the thumbnail of the vid
Omg no.3 on trending!!
Just watching my cats can make me happy
Rekrap - cats are CUTE  Also rekrap - forcing and caging them in boats for years (in Minecraft time) just for the material got from DEAD phantoms
St. Joseph terror of demons pray for us...
Please Pray the Rosary & Devine Mercy Chaplet to free all countries from war, hunger, calamities, corruption, abortion, divorce, drugs, pornography, homosexuality, slavery, communism and all evils.pls. pray for peace and joy on all families and homes... HAIL MARY FULL OF GRACE THE LORD IS WITH YOU. BLESSED ARE YOU AMONG WOMEN AND BLESSED IS THE FRUIT OF THY WOMB JESUS. HOLY MARY MOTHER OF GOD PRAY FOR US SINNERS NOW AND AT THE HOUR OF OUR DEATH. AMEN... ..
Who speed bridgers when u can speed telly
Imagine Rekrap out of context
why is their end island completely destroyed?
Banger vid les gooooooooooooooooooo
Now someone needs to make an ONLY PANTS faction to fight against them
you hsould have used slabs and made water source blocks as you went along. Also I would have used fireworks.
0:05 that seems abit sus but ok
Jesus loves you he died on the cross for your sins. Believe in him and you will be saved and go to heaven!
Parrot sounds like dream
I love this video so much. For sure the best one so far
You should put punch enchantment in your bow so your bow has more nockback
I was suggested here while listening to the song “Gandi- Criminal “ 🥶🥶
We're ignoring the fact that he said that Pangi is the main target of the no pp squad?
seven
Random fact: there’s a Beetle in S.E Asia that looks like gold, and the elytra is the hardened wing cover for it.
Man got wasted trying to get projectile prot 8:39
8:44 it was in this moment, ke knew, he fucked up
Parrot: I did not expect you to know about the bed trap Reck who is a escape master in traps: am I a joke to you.
Number Four on trending baybee!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥
rekrap is down bad rn
dang bro #4 on trending. congrats.
4 on trending???? Go Rekrap!
I’m safe to say during this video I sounded like a tea kettle
I can get your account back. It's simple press X on your account in lunar client. Then, Re-log in
Rek should show up in his house without pants
All those bridge modes helping spoke
Should have made a multi shot cross bow with levitation arrows. Infinite levitation
Barrage the buffoons!!!!!
No pants pp group bruh what is this
Epic
omg thats me crazy!!111!1111!
Good job keep making your awesome vids
he said "pootions"
10 hours after this is uploaded and it’s 3rd on trending!!!
7:08 no pp squad
ok... you could've made a firework crossbow to get them to fall off...
Speed Telly Bridgers be like:
8 years of bedwars all led up to this
I’ve been subbed scence 500k and you have grown so much in like 7 months congrats
Your back to your channel
The bed one was so smart XD
hold up planet stole my pfp >:C
Wonw
Congrats on #5 on trending
Wow we have a similar vid idea
that was the best briging battle ever
this is what will dream of in a dream
w.
Take the intro out of context lmao
scripted
Bonkers!
NO PANTS PEOPLE PARTY ON TOP
why does it look like theres blocks in the void
1 TRENDING GAMING
What did I just watch rek
Jesus died for your justification and rose again for the forgiveness of your sins. Repent and believe the Gospel of your salvation
i love how he is speedbridging risking his heart just to join a team with a 3 heart leader
Sheeeeeesh
yoooo that was so hype!!! epic video
One pair of armor with proj prot 4 does same amount of proj prot as full set
Number 5 on trending! Great job Parker!
rekrap 1's for telling in action ive been waiting ever since the rekrap 1 vid i was not let down
damn i did this in real life. it was way harder but atleast i got to see that arse.
nice😄
DID PARROT NOT LEARN THAT THIS MAN CANT BE TRAPPED
10:26 i guess you can also say..    pants are on the *washing* line
the fact that there is the achievement for breaking a tree in the corner that hasn't been achieved is cracked me up
bedrock edition: you underestimate my power
Ya i watched parrots pov now watching urs
You uploaded a video on my b day
oh Rekcrap Rekcrap. YOU Should use netherite armor because it reduced knockback you know
Me screaming at my pc: GET NETHERITE NO KB >:(((((((
what is ur pack? i like the obi!
wtf
only on lifesteal will you find activities like this
over the vooooooooooooooooooooid joe mama
You did what!!
Wow it became a video! Also it's on #3 trending with 280k views!
Ayo?
i think making a stasis would ave been smart
What the f***
You killer
Good job 👏
Hey rek I have over 1k subs and I’m doing Minecraft videos on my phone and not to good with editing and was wondering if you could help me out
6:40 IS THAT AN IP ADDRESS???????
From now on in minecraft I will never wear pants
You Killaer
LETS GO REKRAP!
Do u know how to grow your yt channel easilly?
Rek
Ro (Shambo) trying to sabotage by getting rid of water???
You should have used scaffolding. You could go out 6 blocks then put one block on top and repeat.
Best YouTuber ever I been watching you since 10k love you
im keeping this against rekrap forever "holy crap hes so high"
Congrats on #4 on trending
So intanse lol nice video 💖💖💖💖
would you like to turn on sticky keys?
yes finally the snowman trap
porfect
What r u going to do with the cats
Who remembers the old thumbnail
Just asking but does Lifesteal really have a plugin or did they just set the gamerule “doInsomnia” to false? Just curious…
Rekrap being sus 🤨
When he bought the pants and then was like Bruh I laughed so hard
Bedrock players: look what they need to do to mimic a fraction of our power     (speed  bridging is ez in bedrock)
"HOLY CRAP HES SO HIGH" -Rekrap 2022
holy crap, he’s so high! -rekrap2, 2022
I can barely speed bridge to mid in bedwars let alone 1000 blocks! This vid just shows his pure mc skill great vid btw keep up the great work
yay new video!!! 😁
Has anyone else seen this video before?
6:35 hours left is blurred
WHAT A BANGER
"Holy crap he's so high"  - Rekrap 2022
Yes he finally did it
What are pants
Yooo another rekrap vid keep it up bro i love your content and btw what happened to clownpeice
Nice
I love this content!
1,219th
Here when there is 1.17M subs, 161,593 views, 18k likes, dislikes, 1.1k comments, uploaded 5hours ago
use fireworks next time
hello
hi
did u get ur account back?
POV: You're checking to see if anyone has taken any of the comments that always get a lot of likes
8:15 breaking bad 🤨
GG
Destroy the tree Hold down *Left Button*
i think the bow needed punch for knockback
Please please please please please please please please please please please please
Can I please join the awaken SMP
Incredible.
Ekapr is rekrap jumbled
rekrap2 is a good player
Pancake>waffels
This is an inventive way to use the snowman
woo baby another banger
This MAN never fails to impress us
Rekrap you changed the fumnail
I literally said to my self this morning I feel like rek uploaded today and then out of nowhere I get a notification that says you uploaded then I got so scared from the notification that I fell of my bed
Snowman strat
Did u repost this video cuz I feel like I watched this before in ur channel
4:52 the subtitles LMAO
HOW COULD U KILL 253 CATS
This is me, speed bringing 1000 block over the void just to make my friend take his pants off  What did he just sayyy🤨👀👀
When RekRap bought the three pants, I could not tell if that was a bit or not
YES
nice
WR longest speedbridge?!?!?!
How insane are you for bridging void
this is why cats are good
maybe use punch next time and one arrow dead
wait a second parrot literally said i love pants when asking you to repeat after him
Nice Rek i only could do 100 at most
Nice. Saw the rekrap1 video!
kinda early idk
Dude this is like hypexil this is so cool xd
You would know that this video was coming if you were an epic second channel viewer B)
Nah the first sentance ;)
Lets all appreciate the amount of effort this man puts in his videos, amazing. Keep grinding bro, I love the videos
amazing
This is pretty cool, but what if I told you I moonwalked 1,319 blocks over the void and got to an end island?
Rekraps vids are so intense and sooo good
Imagine this was irl lmao
Imagine this was irl lmao
Finally! Love your content
this takes 'skyblock' to a new level.
Lets be honest who acctually dislikes reks vids?
block
Promotion warning       Did you really thought i will say for a Promotion i stopped it a long time ago
0:05 AYO
Rekrap your getting to paranoid
By the way Rek how many fingers do u use for wasd cause i use 2 and i find i can bridge faster than people who use 3 fingers about 40% of the time so if you want to learn that tell me :)
Imagine Bedlessnoob competing in this
"NO pants people party" LOL
bro why you change the thumbnail
Wait,go to 7:44 REK IS DREAM SUB.!!!!!!?!?
Use soul speed 3  and soul soul it’ll be much faster
This is a masterpiece
YES
0:05 sussy BAKA
Pantsless Minecraft Characters my favorite.
Now that is an intro.  Amazing video rek
I think you have what it takes to become one of the best Minecraft YouTubers.
Hehe. I saw the backstory video on Rekrap1
Imagine trapping someone of thé no pants guys with à dispenser with a course of binding pants inside
bro this is so entertaining much more than scripted smps
Another great lifesteal video! Keep it up!
Bedrock bridging: look what they need for a fraction of our power
Dude speedbridging is so fucking ez Idk why ppl think they are good just becuz they can speedbridge
Wow great vid
The fact that Rek and parrot have the exact same number of subs hurts my brain
amazing
pants are overrated.
we all love when rekrap2 uploads. i have been so exited!
I tried the peper thing and it does not say pants it says pepe
i remmember like i watched this a MONTH ago Somehow  EDIT: yeah this was commented after 2 hours it was Published
If you guys are on a newer version of Minecraft than you can get netherite so why not do that and then have insane knock back resistance?
Nice
Epic
🤨
You got the internet
6:39 exposed lifesteal IP?
Rekrap you should invite Kevin to the server from Echocraft. He seemed to work well with u and branzy
Rek you should make leowok a Minecraft skin
Hi rekrap
13:34ah yes
Love the vid amazing rek may the cats be blessed
Why is there not much videos on season 4
I watched the video on rekrap1 of how u were gonna do it and I was exited when I saw this video pop up
Love ya vids
Hi
I never thought rekrap would ask me to take my pants off...
You can also use feathers for the potions.
he couldve used a texture pack that makes pants invis and got a screenshot lol
First a reddoons stream then a Rekrap upload BEST DAY EVER
e
1,000 comment
I'm the 1,000 comment
bro rek just absolutely destroyed leo like it wasnt even close
I just love the dedication of your viewers that they commented about snowmen on your video on rekrap1
Oh lovley
There are 1000 seconds in this video
Loved the vid rek!
This was truly amazing.
nice video continue
hahahhahah incredible
why is clown pierce not killing anyone
your actualy doing this?
U get ur internet back?
Rekrap uno
Recaps actual name is parker
Im glad i got to know about this video early cuz im subscribed to rekrap1
comment
12:00 nice gas prices
all my homies hate pants fr
This is nonsense but its kinda cool
Three iterations of thumbnails so far... Can't wait to see the fourth! Hour Three ^
Thanks for the shout out!  Cat Power!
What a master piece
No PANts... No PANcakes... the season plot is exPANding...
Reuppload, no wait parrot 🐦 uploaded it before yikes
You are so smart
Legend
Next video godbridging 1k blocks
Hey man don’t forget to pray and remember jesus loves you he died on the cross for you repent  if you don’t know how to search it up like this how can I repent how can I be save by God. Make sure to have faith in him and trust him and have a relationship with him<333
imagine if NotNice was here… He would’ve god bridged on all of you
You should change the title to “speedbriging 1000 Blocks to make my friend take his pants off” (i know its a Long title But it will give you cloud)
Rek! Finally you uploaded CANT wait to see this banger
This was probably the best duel I’ve seen in Minecraft
R ek pap
LETS GOO NO PP ON TOP FOR SURE I WILL NEVER WEAR PANTS EVEN IN PVP
Lol
Me when he leaks the ip
I just love the name NO PANTS PP
Heh just changed the thumbnail
some lifesteal members: currently in an intense life-risking battle Mapicc: *wake up in the morning feeling like p-diddy*
F why
= }
omg lol you actually did this. when you said i may do this as a joke i thought that was quite funny but you really did it xD
I hate summer
Name an emerald fren and put it in a vault or I will not subscribe.   (And yes, know it doesn’t matter whether or not I do, I just want to be recognized bu Rekrap)
call @Montclairbear
U DONT HAVE GOOD KNOCKBACK IN NETHERITE!!!!!
Bro my parents heard the start ☠️☠️☠️
parrot when you go outside in real life do you wear pants
When your here before and after the thumbnail changes
Don’t care
Parrot said I don't wear pants  irl
No one has the guts to do this
I wonder what would have happened if Rekrap2 put pants on!?!?!
Rekcrap you are the best
Hello
great video as always
Hi
That intro was kinda,            sus
Rek… You’re using splash pots wrong.. You should be throwing them up and landing them on you to get the full duration of the potion effect
Did you change the thumbnail?
It’s to flip pangs base upside down
Never seen an insane duel in a long time
Spoke casually throwing for content
That was intense. Great video rek
Yes. Just Yes.
Hi parrot
mojang adds thorns people who use bows:im fine thorns: im about to end this mans whole carreer
i will try that with my friends in real life
*_the snow ⛄️ men are really long but to soft_*
Hi rek your videos are amazing you got me through tough times your voice is very soothing to me I just want to say thanks for your videos
Itzlizard's challenge has been complete
Screw 1v1s, this is the most intense battle ever!
Beautiful.
YOU MONSTER 6:29
YES REKRAP NEW POST HDUFOSKFWLFKEKF
Ayo sussy
Parrot kinda sounds like camman18
Impossible
Rekrap make your skin with a pant but it's not a real pant it's your skin. Can you do it
NEW REK VIDEO!  Keep it up rek!
I've been having a really bad day with all the yardwork in so much heat, falling asleep right before I start updating my game, and as I sat here about to collapse this popped up in my recommendations that I've been waiting for for weeks after watching the video on your 2nd channel. Haven't even watched the video and it already made my day. Thank you rek
I love this kind of pvp lmao reminds me of skyblockle from mcc
Yoo this vid is fire keep up the amazing work
NPPP forever
Love ur videos!
best video yet😂 nppp
Didn't even get 5 seconds into the video and I already know it's gonna be good
Bruh
Do you want to join a bedrock amp rekrep2
hey rek you left an ip in your dms at 6:40
Hopefully I can join it's been my dream for a while
YUP
True Chad's Saw This Coming From The 2nd Channel
Rekrap
Can I join the life still S&P and I'll follow the rules of the S&P if you let me join
A “few” cats 🤨
I love you
GGS all I can say
oh wow
this was so cool
My birthday party is today your invited rek! Congrats on getting into the NoPantsPP! you deserve the whole cake 🎂 😁
Never saw that before to be honest kind of sus
Ok
i watched spokes video yesterday
I love the way he does his video he puts quality over quantity
nice
Hi 👋
The Bootleg version: The No Shirt S.S.
Thinking about saying that I was in a no pants people piety think what is going on his brain 😂😂😂😂😂😂🙏
Its over they wave the Highground
You throw the potion upwards for the full effect just a little tip you’re doing a good job Parker 👍
Hey i wanna say that you saying Frick makes me go crazy cz it's like saying fu** not gonna say it
Do some Echocraft content...
EPIC
EPIC
Quick mafs brisging
ayo?
Rekrap I announce you officially better then parrot :)
the thumbnail keeps changing every hour bruh
Hello
Fun fact abt his yt channel! Rekrap is Parker in reversed. And parker is his name
Lmao best rek vid
We thought he wouldn't do it!
bedrock players: *rookie numbers*
Can you teach me how to speed bridge Because I play on a tablet
Beautiful.
NPPS
You know it’s a good day when rek uploads.
To be honest I no longer enjoy lifesteal smp because because of nppp
The fact that rek can do this is crazy, great video rek, the No Pants PP needs a member like you congrats!
Omg I had a dream that you did this video agents a homophobic person last night
W
The NoPantsPP will rein with pants supreme, putting pants down to the void!
rek
great video
5:21 I'm dying of laughter xD
my hyp for the day when rekrap upload a video
4:04 that's what I think of "new spawn set"
My boy!
wow
The fact that he did that just for pants to be taken off is crazy. Great video rek!
That crap was intense
No pants, pants is a big no no
if you sent this video to someone who doesnt play minecraft i think theyd block you
wtf happened to the end island
did someone else click the tag?
I was there on parrot’s stream lol
hi
Can you record playing bed wars plz
A new rekrap video is always peak of entertainment for the day
thanks rekrap 1 for leaking his video bruh
"You will become the mortal enemy of the No Pants PP" - Parrot
Hello rek
Where were you
Everyone shipping us will you too?
Lol
awesome video
Pop tarts
Him at a time in the video “No pp squad” had me laughing crying
absolutely love your content rek
wake up rekrap2 uploaded
NLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I'm late
Hi
# NPP
I have been waiting for this.
let's go joining the NopantsPP
Rekrap: Buys enchanted pants  Parrot: "Why do I have a sudden feeling of disappointment?"
Hiii
Bruh
Great. Now try godbridging
Bridging to remove my friends pant
LETS GO the video came out!
EGG  🥚
The snow golem came in and saved the day!      If you don't understand this comment you are not a loyal rekrap2 fan.
So the pants vid finally out?
Is it just me or is Parker wearing a grey pant? Well that’s disappointing.
This is super cool!
Why was this reuploaded?
Call of duty: Pre-gun's invention age
Naaaa
Wow
Ayy les go
Yooooo
So cool the lifesteal SMP is the best Minecraft server with the best players
7:03 "No pp squad"
I was hyped for this video when you first mentioned the idea on your skyward vid, and it turned out awesome! That was so good :D
Anxiety: Over 3000
I’ve been watching your second channel vids rek and was so hyped for this, it payed off well!
Only rekrap could make a bridging epic
10 mins and 6 secs alright "boys are we ready??"  My brain: are we ready kids??? IA IA capn WHO L8VES IN A PINNAPLE UNDER THE SEA
ahh yes. I seen this before.
That use of the snow golem is insane!!!
Second time uploading this vid?
Editing is so good and story telling is amazing
rekrap need a own team to get carried😂
Instead of making slow falling you should of made levitation then drank milk once your high enough
im an hour late
👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖👖
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
737
gg for leaking the server ip lmao
You can get phantom membrane from ghasts
I love shorts 🩳 😁 🩳
I LOVE your content
Should of gotten thorns
The Hog Rider card is unlocked from the Spell Valley (Arena 5). He is a very fast building-targeting, melee troop with moderately high hitpoints and damage. He appears just like his Clash of Clans counterpart; a man with brown eyebrows, a beard, a mohawk, and a golden body piercing in his left ear who is riding a hog. A Hog Rider card costs 4 Elixir to deploy.  Strategy  His fast move speed can boost forward mini tanks like an Ice Golem in a push. At the same time, he can also function as a tank for lower hitpoint troops such as Goblins as he still has a fair amount of health. Most cheap swarms complement the Hog Rider well, as they are nearly as fast as him and usually force more than one card out of the opponent's hand.  The Hog Rider struggles with swarms, as they can damage him down and defeat him quickly while obstructing his path. Barbarians in particular can fully counter him without very strict timing on the defender's part, though be wary of spells.  A Hunter can kill the Hog Rider in 2 hits if placed right on top of it. However, if you place something in front of the Hog Rider, the Hunter's splash will damage the Hog Rider and hit the card in front of it more.  The Hog Rider in conjunction with the Freeze can surprise the opponent and allow the Hog Rider to deal much more damage than anticipated, especially if the opponent's go-to counter is a swarm, or swarms are their only effective counter to him. Skeletons and Bats will immediately be defeated by the spell, while Spear Goblins, Goblins, and Minions will be at low enough health to be defeated by a follow up Zap or Giant Snowball.  However, this strategy isn't very effective against buildings as the Hog Rider will take a while to destroy the building, giving the opponent ample time to articulate another counter.  Against non-swarm troops, it can deal a lot of damage during the freeze time, but this can allow the opponent to set up a massive counterpush. For this reason, players should either only go for a Hog Rider + Freeze when they have other units backing it up from a counterattack, or if the match is about to end and they need to deal as much damage as possible.  It is not a good idea to send in a Hog Rider simply to destroy a building, especially if it is the only building targeting unit available, as defeating Crown Towers becomes substantially more difficult. Spells or simply waiting out the lifetime of the building are more effective. The exception to this is an Elixir Collector placed in front of the King's Tower. If a Hog Rider placed at the bridge, he can destroy the Collector for a positive Elixir trade, though the damage from both Princess Towers will usually mean he does not survive to deal any damage to them. However, if the opponent sends in defending troops, it can be an opportunity to gain spell damage value.  In a deck with several low-cost cards, it might be worth it to simply send the Hog Rider against one building. These decks shuffle their card rotation quick enough, that they will arrive to their next Hog Rider before the next building arrives in the opponent's card rotation.  Long-ranged troops like Musketeer and Flying Machine can snipe those buildings, preserving some of the Hog Rider's health, possibly allowing it to get some Tower damage.  When there are buildings placed in the middle to counter the Hog Rider, understanding the placement of the Hog Rider and the type of building placed can help the Hog Rider to bypass certain buildings.  Passive buildings such as spawners and Elixir Collector have a larger hitbox than defensive buildings; which means that if a passive building was placed 3 tiles away from the river in the middle of the opponent's side, then it is impossible for the Hog Rider to bypass that placement as the Hog Rider will get pulled to that building.  Defensive buildings have a smaller hitbox than a passive building, which means if that if a defensive building was placed three tiles away from the river in the middle of the opponent's side, a Hog Rider placed at the very left or right side of the Arena may be able to bypass it due to its smaller hitbox.  If the player has a building already placed down in the center of the arena, and the opponent tries to bypass it with a Hog Rider at the edge of the arena, they can use certain air troops to push the Hog Rider towards the building as it jumps over the river, effectively denying the bypass attempt. They must be already hovering over the correct placement, as very quick reflexes are required to correctly perform this technique.  For Bats, Skeleton Dragons, and Minion Horde, they should be placed right in front of the Hog Rider as soon as it is deployed.  For Minions, Skeleton Barrel, Mega Minion, Flying Machine, Electro Dragon, Baby Dragon, Inferno Dragon, Balloon, and Lava Hound, stagger the above placement one tile to the right if the Hog Rider is placed on the left side of the arena, and vice versa.  They can also use ground troops to achieve the same result. Something like an Ice Golem deployed at the Hog Rider’s landing spot will obstruct his path and force him to go around the unit, which causes him to be closer to the building instead of the Crown Tower.  The Hog Rider can kite Very Fast non-building targeting troops due to his own Very Fast speed and building only targeting if he is placed on the fourth tile from the bridge, slightly into the opposite lane. He can also stall grounded units when placed right at the bridge. He will pull them towards him while deploying, and then be untargetable by them when he jumps over the bridge. After landing, he will pull them back. This can be useful when the player needs to deal damage in the same lane they are defending. It will also help separate troops behind a tank in a large push.  A Tornado placed on the second tile front of the player's King's Tower and staggered two tiles towards the Princess Tower will activate it without any damage dealt to the Princess Tower, helping them in defending future pushes. This can also be a method of mitigating all damage dealt to a Princess Tower, but doing this more than three times may result in the King's Tower's health being low enough to be targeted directly, opening up the possible threat of a back door three crown. A better alternative is to pull the Hog away from the Princess Tower into the attacking range of all three Crown Towers, which will negate all damage as long as none of them are already distracted  A very powerful combo is the Hog Rider, the Musketeer, and the Valkyrie, typically referred to as the Trifecta. The Musketeer will defend against most troops, while the Valkyrie can protect her and the Hog Rider from swarms or high damage units. The Hog Rider is used to deal damage to the tower.  This can be effectively countered by Lightning, one-shotting the Musketeer and severely damaging both the Valkyrie and Hog Rider. The Minion Horde is also effective, but the enemy can Zap them and the Musketeer will one-shot them all. Even if the Musketeer is defeated, the Hog Rider and Valkyrie will have enough time to severely damage the Tower.  The Hog Rider should be placed behind the Valkyrie to give it a boost so that it stays in front of the Hog Rider, protecting it.  A Hog Rider combined with a Goblin Barrel can be awkward for the opponent to defend against. Timing it so that the Hog Rider is tanking the tower shots for the Goblins is the most effective way to deal damage. However, a Barbarian Barrel can shut this down with minimal Tower damage for a positive Elixir trade, as long as the Goblin Barrel was placed directly on the Tower.  Pairing the Hog Rider with the Balloon can deal devastating damage. If executed properly, the Hog Rider will act as a tank while the Balloon threatens to deal massive damage. The Hog Rider can also destroy any buildings attempting to slow down the combo. However, this combo is very vulnerable to swarms and anti-air cards as neither of the troops target anything but buildings. Additionally, they are easy to separate, due to the disparity in move speeds. Alternatively, the Hog Rider and the Balloon can be played in different lanes to spread the opponent's defenses thin. However, a building or Tornado can bring them back together for an easier defense.  The Hog Rider can be paired with the Lumberjack as both a swarm bait and damage combo. It is a very fast combo with an extremely high damage output potential, so the enemy will likely try to counter it with a swarm. If this happens, use a spell like Arrows to render the opponent defenseless. If they manage to defeat the Lumberjack, the dropped Rage will make the Hog Rider even more dangerous than it normally is.  A fast and deadly combination is the Hog Rider and Mini P.E.K.K.A. combo. Both units are fast but the Mini P.E.K.K.A. does much more damage and does not attack only buildings so the Mini P.E.K.K.A. can deal with troops like the Executioner and Musketeer. However, this combo can be defeated with swarms like Skeleton Army, which will defeat both of them since neither of them can deal area damage. They are also unable to target air troops, so the Minion Horde can stop this easily.  A risky play is to deploy the Hog Rider at the bridge as soon as the match starts. If the opponent does not react fast enough, the Hog Rider will deal a significant amount of damage to the Princess Tower. This can also allow the player to quickly scout the opponent's deck if they happen to react to him fast enough
Yooo in the first hour
Love your vids
nice video bro
this was such an great video omg, amazing as always!!
Lol
Hi rek
I love your videos!
"there's a plugin that disables phantoms"  /gamerule doInsomnia false:
I watched the rekrap1 vid and he did it pog
14:31 I swear I’ve seen this before
Congratulations for seeing this comment Early :)
BUT WHY THO
The legend posted
you know a fun video idea would be putting on curse of binding pants on parrot using dispenser. It would be funny.
This video felt like a movie where he has to train and then the big fight is super intense
No way you did that
YESSIR
First and the Best
luv ur vids
rekrap upload lets goooooo
We know this stuff
I love how seriously parrot is taking the nppp trend
58 minutes ago That's better than my usual 1 week ;^^
æ
Keep the good work!
imagine not pinning this
Rekrap2: If phantoms dont spawn i use cats Me: Drowned's can hold phantom membranes sometimes. Rekrap: I am stupid
Weird video but its really intense how much hours does this guy play skywars and bedwars
692nd comment
e
Let's GO I have been waiting for this video
"I'm not want to giv up"  -rekrap2 2022
You finally figured out the snowman trap!
I love the part where u have to damage roshambo and accidentally killed him😂😂
Yooo rek rap we i heard of your hint in other cimatary video gg
He really did it :/
“The Endermen are coming, The Endermen are coming”? So, Are the British coming? “The British are coming, The British are coming”!! 🤔
I knew bc rekrap1 channel
Gh
666th comment
Omg no way
Hi rek, nice video (Once Again). I hope you are doing well!
I saw his front picture change
How is the WiFi lol
Minecraft bedroom pl Pls
Lol
rakrep
44m early
this was insane i feel bad for leo tho
Holy...GGs!!!
You can just use swift sneak 3 with soul speed and some (15 stacks) of soul soil with speed potion
Nice rek good job
This vid kinda sus
yoooo, early gang!
Ok
My guy what about a punch bow that could’ve done so much
Yo rek nice videos lately hope you keep doing this great work!
early
Why did dey said pp
Another banger from the ledgend!!!
Someone make a compilation where rekrap says pants
I can speed bridge
Nice bro
55 mins early 60k views, watching this get 1M views
Rekrap 2
You the best
yee haw
6:02 *we are farmers*
0:17 sounds so sus
Before 1 hour gang
14:00 i love the conversatoion thats going on in the chat
LES GOOOo NEW UPLOAD
new upload
G thats tuf
lol you could use speed II potion with a swift sneak III (I just realized swift sneak is on pant XD)
Bruh
6:02  Soo imm guessing the cat gave me an ad?
Rekrap:Holy hes so high! Me:What do you mean by that?
this is awesome
i am from the future rek had 108.9B subs 987T veiws and is worshiped in 99.3% of the world
6:00 Think about how long it took to follow the sun for that fraction of a second
the parker is back
this was so hype
*_w h y_*
u should upload bedwars and skywars content on the other channel rekrap1
7:02 now this is what I love all the boys just about to raid a base and start fighting after they found somone's base
me fr:
YES HE UPLOADED ON THE MAIN CHANNEL YE-
Early
Rekrap:”for my friend to *take his pants off* ”  YouTube guidelines: “😳🤔”
Best quote: "wake up in the morning feeling p-diddy"
LESSS GOOOOO
You should've gotten Netherite for the knockback resistance
Been waiting for this
Godlike gaming chair bridge
reeekrop
ah yes the “snowman trap” has worked amazingly
Bro just wanted his pants off 💀
Bedrock edition players: *ah a worthy opponent, our battle will be legendary*
Imagine getting pined by rekrap2  BTW your my favourite youtuber after dream(troll face)
whyd u reupload this
What happened to your upload schedule
Pp
This was insane nice work rek😄
i waited so long for this video its amazing🎉
:D
Man really did all of those challenge just to see Leo take his pants off, dayum
I was so confused when I saw the title, but great video!
When you already knew about this challenge because you watched rekrap1 💪
j
Rekrap2 never get old love the vids keep it up
i finaly get to see a rekrap video on the day it came out
HES DOING
Hi
It's funny watching Parrot's video and then watching this video
How just how😂😂😂😂
When rekrap2 uploads you know its going to be an awesome day.
Wait why what
43 min ago
Nahh dude, BedlessNoob will beat you all 😄🤣...
sus
If everyone can make my day and spam hi 😊
Rekrap is the guy who makes u go wow he is awesome but does some awkward stuff along the video
Sup
Lol
Hello rec
Really inspirational
Bro why
ITS HERE!!!!
question? why didnt you have swift sneak You could have bridged faster LOL  edit: I think its named swift sneak i dont remember what was it called but its new enchantment from 1.19 update  re edit: i forgot he was on no pants team
Early
Bedrock Edition?
That is the best intro line ever
love how we all just go all along with it no matter how weird the video lmao
yay rekrap video!
I love your videos
This could either be really epic or really funny, either way it's gonna be entertaining
hello
Hey rec can we do a discord call it is my dream lol hope this finds you well.
This is why we love rek
Hl
Lol
Hey rek glad you were able to get the "pootions" 9:05 (hope that was on purpose) Edit: yo part of the people who's comments randomly get quite a few likes. Les goooo!!!
God lvl GOAT
Wow that was the most suspenseful bridging competition I've ever seen. I didn't expect potions and PvP over the void just to join Parrot's no pants people party. Great job Rekrap, you're gonna help this team so much.
Bro rekrap you did it again, an awesome video
Yoooo
Plot twist: rekrap joins a weird group of no-pants and speedbridges across the void because of doing weird atuff
Hi
nice
On reckrap 1 channel he said this video early
The ironic thing is that if one of them had swift sneak on their pants (which they couldn’t wear), speed bridging would have been so much easier.
That was intense
Yooooooo
“i love wearing pants” -parrot 2022
I'm early for once?! whaaaaaaaaattttt? woahhhh
Why you do it
Yaaaaaaa
Super weird
Imagine speedbridging smh just telly
Your awesome!
I LOVE REKRAP HE MY FAV MINECRAFT YOUTUBER, he’s so funny and I love his vids
Finally, a good video on YouTube again.
Pog
only rekrap1 viewers knew this video was coming
Good job rec!
*shoots rek* no rek: idc
hey rek, you leaked the ip of the server
early lets go
Reminds me of a gravity falls episode
LMAO what a cult of no pants
Sup man
I love your videos rekrap!
it finally happened. Congratulations!
what about the challenge where you had to burn 100 pants in front of pangi?
613 COMMENT AND COOL VID
not first but and pretty kinda first
next title: I godbridged 1000 blocks
Great video! you put so much effort into this!
“A deals a deal, let’s see those pants” 💀😂😂😂
You guys should use bows with the punch enchantment.
Hey rek rap luv the vids keep it up i was here before 800k
If you had skill issue.   It'll be sad   Since you'll die   In which                 Never Gonna Give You Up Never Gonna Let You Down
When you get the leak from his second channel: ‘—‘
It'd be cool if rek pinned me
90% of people watching, of whom can't speedbridge at all:
Free the hot dog i guess? also you might have made a wr... but idk
Yes
That's so cool
Yes
.
Yes
what if rek just started godbridging out of nowhere. that wouldve been sick and so funny
first few secs of the video with no context is wild bro
Yet another banger Rekrap video
"SAYONARA SUCKER"                        -Rekrap2                         2022
I love your videos RekRap Please get him to 2 million subs
This was such a well-crafted videos! Great job rek!
As of watching this, it’s exactly 10:00
Hello.
nice
Wow
This is poggers
Amazing work rek
ITS FINALLY HERE BOIS
Wow
This is so goood!
507th
Ok
THIS WAS AN INCREDIBLE VIDEO OH MY GOD
its never too late for therapy
sheeeeesh
wow
30 minutes ago.
This is what thousands of people have been waiting for
Who else saw the rekrap1 vid before this
OMG, the dedication is at a whole other level.
Earlyy
Here within an hour
This is my favorite vid of yours! Keep going rek!
"the no pp squad" EXCUSE ME!?
amazing video rekrap2 I loved it
This went from speed bridging to pvp
E
550th comment
Good vid
Go to love rekrap and omg hypixel mini game time
Great video
Last challenge is 2D Minecraft in a nutshell:
Great job love the vids keep up the good work.
Remember in echo craft when you first tried speedbridging on EC making the 1k subs gold thingy lol and after your speed running efforts you have come far. Great inspiration Rek!
No pant pp lol
"This is me, speedbridging 1,000 blocks over the void to get my friend to remove his pant" thats kinda sus
Congrats rekrap
Its the snow man trap
SOOOOOOOOOO are you good rek... I mean its funny but WHY this is mental
It's so amazing how he was so determined he was to seed bridge that far
Hi
Ooooooooh NEW VID
"Why are you gay" :P
Lol
Rek, do you need somebody to talk to?
Now we know where spoke got his slow falling portion
Wait hey so did you film this video a while ago or did you get back into your Minecraft account?
Oh, this video definitely just made me subscribe to you
Oooh speeeeeeeeedBrIdGinG 1000 bLoCKs over the VoId.
LMAOOO THIS WAS SO FUNNY 😂😂😂
My god
2 seconds into the video and I know it’s going to be chaos
Dude thats Epic
keep up good content
aaaaaaa
man i really liked that snowman       (context at the rekrap1 channel)
First 30m gang
Netherite would be super smart because it gives knockback resistance
7:10 anyone who watches stream knows it  Spoilers    He is gonna 1to1 recreate pangis base with clown
Bro sounds like technoblade because when he geared up it’s like dream smp lmanberg all over again
lololololololol
got here 21 minutees after you posted
We love your videos rekrap
i saw this on the other channel but you actually did it you freaking legend
“All to get my friend to take his pants off” 🤨🤨🤨  -Rek 2022
*other vid title* this is me making my friends go gay
Claim your less then 30 mins ticket here
God that looked so stressful for rek!
yes im part of the earlyes
Hi
Ur gonna steal pangi’s base he said it in one of his videos lol
lmao he actually did it
It always crashes at 1:10 for me. Anyone else?
just this morning I was thinking "hey I wonder when the rekrap speedbridging vid is going to come out" lmao
LOL
bedwars players: *pathetic*
got here in 1 minute got to the end of the vid!
Hi its me klee's brother on my moms phone
Hi
This is true dedication wow
I copied half the comments section and here is what came of it:     Shlaq 10 minutes ago "This is me, speedbridging 1000 blocks over the void to get my friend to remove his pant" Rek are you ok??  10   Trolly Trolly 9 minutes ago Speed bridging over the void while shooting at each other seems like a Hypixel game  2   Hyizz Hyizz 13 minutes ago This Is Great Honestly Rek Does The Most Interesting Video's  2   DERPREME DERPREME 18 minutes ago this is amazing on how you are so dedicated on doing things, wow  2   MrWaffles MrWaffles 17 minutes ago Let’s take time to appreciate how much time he puts in these videos  2   Henry Daly Henry Daly 14 minutes ago Can we just respect all the hours that went into this video!  1   Jadethon Jadethon 17 minutes ago I'm here 3 minutes after the video dropped let's go can't wait to see rekrap win and join a team    Subscriptions ForMe Subscriptions ForMe 14 minutes ago Keep up the good work! Great video as always    Leinad Leinad 19 minutes ago Rekrap always has the most insane video ideas    zombiegreen1o1 zombiegreen1o1 15 minutes ago Been watching since the secret base war. I love these videos as well. Keep it upp    Dehconimations Dehconimations 19 minutes ago Thank you for making really good videos    IExist IExist 16 minutes ago (edited) Rekrap’s mind;  Hmm.. what video should I do? Trolling my friends? Nah I’ve done like 80.. TNT? No I don’t have the energy Oh peoples taking their pants off? Sound fun. But with a twist Ooh let’s speed bridge 1000 blocks over the void! Perfect  💀  1   ElliotGboy ElliotGboy 19 minutes ago It's so insane that he pulled it off
Hola
No pp squad
yoo
I love your video rek rap keep it up
Rek should make a skin where it looks like he's wearing pants
„The no pp-party“. Sounds good
hi rekrap can you post a vid about life steal moments
What the heck is happening
.
🥔
HERE
Hi
can we respect all the people who botted their comments! <3333333
Bedrock players be like:too ez
I like your videos soooooooooooo much
olleh
wooo im finslly early in one of reks vids :D
Pee pee no pants hate pants peepee I HATE PANTS GARHWHAUSUUAH IS AHETA PANTS AANTD BAD GRAEHJSIDJWHW
Loved the video
7:04 no pp
Let’s goooooo
Definantly one of the best finales to a Minecraft video
Saw the rekrap1 video about this
heloo
406
would netherite have been really good here bc of the knockback resistance?
Snowman trap is awesome   Oh wrong vid
Hellooo
thats a lot of cats in boats
Speed bridge faster
Im the first view!
Bro trained to give us content <3
love your vids keep up the amazing work rek!😊
Rek u and my birthday on same month and day yay
REK UPLOADED? GOD SENT YOU AND HERE YOU ARE!
I love your videos, keep it up
Hiiiiiii
Hi Rek I love your. Vids
'attempting to speedbridge 1,000 blocks, while getting shot at, all to get my friend to take off his pants.' lol wait what
i wonder if i will get on the top comments
early!
i loved the part with the snowman it was absolutely insane, and they didnt even notice
comment for the algorithm
Only peapole that didn’t come from tiktok are worthy of liking this 🏆
14 min
Tel can I be in a vid please
my minecraft personality seeing this :- nah buddy, don't dream of *THAT*  stuff
Nice chicken
LOVE UR CONTENT <33
keep up the good work amazing vid rek
956 viewer lol
Why did rekrap do this
Nice male chicken
Here before 15 mins ay
people who say first: 💀💀💀💀
Wow this was so epic
earlyyyyy COOL VID AS ALWAYS I SAW THE POD CAST OR STORY TELLING U DID FOR NO PANTS TEAM also keep up the good work
"no pants people party" *_"Ayo what the fffu-"_*
nice
Artemis 1
l
im early lol
Great video rek
“Pants.” -Rekrap 2022
Noice :)
Who is here early
Speed bridging over the void while shooting at each other seems like a Hypixel game
Let’s goooo
First
hello
I saw parrots POV this is so funny when he trolled you
Lessgoooo new vid!
I started watching the first 2 minutes I woke up
gotta love an upload day.
SHEEEESH NO PP!!
Rekrap ip leak ??? 6:39
That intro is going to be taken out of contest
early
how dare you kill cats
Imagine not being able to godbridge 🥱
There’s this YouTuber named bloxaner. You should go check him out!
YES IT'S OUT
LOVED THISSSSSSS
6 minutes ago 7k views 333 comments
i love your videos
6,900 views, nice
337
Ayo pantss
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VID FOR SOOOO LONG MAKE MORE VIDS PLSSS
yes finally
6911th les go
crazed.
i wear pants
I think i saw this video
yo nice video !
let me just place some water and water says nah this man should lose!
Hallo Am wachting
8 mins ago already 6k views KEEP IT UP man
Waiiiiiiiiittttt
6:34 i think you blured it too early tho
Hmmmmmmmm rekrap interesting
Yoooooo
shhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
YO REK we love ur vids
Yooo
Early comment let’s goo
The event
Great
Awesome!
This Is Great Honestly Rek Does The Most Interesting Video's
This video was so sick!
Nice video rek keep it up
Great video rek !
I mean rek
Yoo Rek sorry about your account but your really great at makeing vids!!!
hi
I love you tek
Your vids are the best
why is no one else making life steal videos :(
Did you know you can’t breathe when you laugh? I don’t know if that’s true I just wanted to see you laugh :)
3mins!??!!
yoo pog
Keep up the good work! Great video as always
Rekrap takes long to upload videos       But they are the best videos! 😁😁
Cant wait for I godbridged 32 000 000 blocks to the far lands.
Sub me
Been watching since the secret base war. I love these videos as well. Keep it upp
I saw the vid about this on @rekrap1
You make the best videos
rek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i didnt think you would actually do it
Nice
Parrot: This one is gonna be hard so you can wear pants Rek:Wears it Parrot:👏👏👏
Hi love your videossssssss And play speedruns pls and keep working on the good work
Speedbridging with 1.14 sneaking is hard dude
Yo forgot too say no homo
Lol the duel with parrot was the best
Awesome Video
No pant pp forever!
Yo rek niiiiice vid!
everyone that watches his storytelling videos already knew he was gonna make this video coz he talked about it in a storytelling video
When you arrive four minutes after upload and there is already around three hundred comments you know the video is good
Rek the best
Nice video.
Less then 5 minutes
This. Is. EPIC!!! :O
nice
Get your here in 5 minutes here
I luv u
hi
Me seeing the 3 min ago and thinking I’m the first only to scroll through hundreds of comments
Rekrap’s mind;  Hmm.. what video should I do? Trolling my friends? Nah I’ve done like 80.. TNT? No I don’t have the energy Oh peoples taking their pants off? Sound fun. But with a twist Ooh let’s speed bridge 1000 blocks over the void! Perfect  💀
I’m early but there’s so much views and comments
i watched parrots second channel  and this is your perspective lol
Let’s take time to appreciate how much time he puts in these videos
I'm here 3 minutes after the video dropped let's go can't wait to see rekrap win and join a team
rek
Nice
wow this is just crazy bruhhhhhhhhhhhhh....... also This is the most funniest redraw vid lol
"you cant wear pants" "you can wear pants" *wears pants* "you screwed up already"
NiceE
Wooo
DID I ASK?
Op
You are honestly the best minecraft player I love your videos for so long
Hello
I LOVE you Rekrap2.I have you on my back pack and made a wood skin of yours minecraft.
Woooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Let’s go no pants revolution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your poor fingers
-Get a screenshot of everyone in the server with their pants down. -Yes officer, it's him
no way, bridging!!!
Every comment : it’s been a great day when rekrap uploads!  (Let’s all be honest they just want a heart from rek.)
Love your vids danke
Hi
Im here early
Like that is
No pants am i right?
Dude I saw in rekrap 1 u joined the no phant people party and parrot is the leader saw the whole video and liked subscribed also
this is amazing on how you are so dedicated on doing things, wow
Bro, I am so tired, my body is actively shutting down, but I really wanna watch this video. Idk what to do.
Bite all my nails off waiting
yooooo
300th
waited so long for this, so gamingg
Been waiting for soooo long
Keep up the quality content
Love your vids
Love the video
whAt literally yesterday I was watching Parrot's view of this video
Yess less gooo wooo
Cool vid 😃1min before
Patata ticket claim
Top 100 less goooo
Wow
the dedication…
Nice vid I like it
253rd comment
This is serious dedication
can't wait for this one!
"All to get my friend to take off their pants" 🤣
Finally
Love these videos
Hey rakrappp
rekrap on top
lmao
Keep up the good work
Early 🤝🤝
Yes
hiiiiiiiiiii
Love ❤️your channel keep up the good work!
I watched this begin on rekrap1
I can’t believe the mad man actually did it
Hi rek love your videos and I hope you keep mocking these awesome videos
Hi
Pants
Rekrap all ways uploads the best video love you man. Bro if he coment on this comment I will eat 10 waffles
TOP ONE HUNDRED!!!
Been waiting for the video for weeks
Bro saw the title alone and went “gigachad”
YESSSS NEW VIDEO
Hi rekrap!
2 mins ago at 9:32pm in the Philippines
in discord
Its out:O
Poggers
YES HE'S BACK WITH NEW VIDEO
I like ass soon as the video gets uploaded it shows 32 views and 94comments😂
EZ
sossy
YES FINALLY
LOLLLLP
Nice
Fun Fact: Anyone can be first but not last
Yooooo guys hello rek plas heart this
nice video
and my name is Zhwan-Ali
When I tried to type goat with my eyes closed, I typed rekrap
Hi
Love you’re videos!
yoo love ur video
YES FINALLY
Woooh I have been waiting for this!
Panties POg  On the *deadliest smp*
Love your videos!!!
0:05 rek bit sus
Hgxh
nice vid
Rek’s skill and editing gets better and better!
Awesome vid
37 views, 83 comments, 3 secs, WTF
Hi rekrap ur my favourite youtuber
Claim your beffore 1 hours ticket here
Just thought about parker a minute ago and he uploaded. Lol😂😂😂
E
Hey rek
i loved the ending
Hello
YOOOOO
Alr watched the vid
suiiiiii
Early! I hope youre okay!
Tek rek
love it rek keep going!!
Great video Rek!!
Sup
Fist
I love Ur videos 😍😍😍
I would fall when I'm on the 2nd block
Nice rek your vids are great
epicccc
Love your vids, so hi!
Hello I am in 1 minute yay
ez
first
I am in your walls
Yay
Nice
:O i'm early c;;;;;;;
Early also hi rek
Early
Love your vids im subscribed
Yes
Rekrap always has the most insane video ideas
O
NO PANTS FOR LIFE       ok that sounds weird lol
1 minute, 213 likes, 37 views, 83 comments
can i get a soutout?
damn... 1 min ago
Thank you for making really good videos
Sheesh
to get my friend to take of his pants 😳
Yo
Noice
LETS GOOOO REK UPLOADED!!!!!!!
If you wear pants on the lifesteal smp you are automatically dead
Yo
Les gooo
I love ur vids Rek keep up the amazing work
You inspire me to make videos thanks so much I hope one day we can play together
hi rekrap please can i join lifesteal smp please am subiscribes to every youtuber in lifesteal smp please
It’s hard to keep good videos for as long as he does
First
First
Rekrap wouldn’t pin me would he?
KEEP UP THE WORK!
Love ur vids
Cool
only 37 views fell off...
hi
Not first
Hello 👋 im early!
yes please
I just watched IT chapter 2 so scared
uGh pants yknow
Pls reply to my comment
Sheesh
NICE
I love you you are so good
Did anyone here wach the video on rekrap1
Real
Solo rekrap
Hi
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
84th comment
Ee
a
I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS! YOUR THE BEST
Uh
It's so insane that he pulled it off
He got Wi-Fi back!
Helllllllllllloooooooooooo I love your channel keep it up
Yessssss
WOKA
You know that its gonna be a GREAT day when Rekrap2 uploads! Love the video! 😁
Nice
Hi
HELLO
A
Letsss go
Ello
Lmao
Speedrun tiem
Not First
REKARAPRAKRIAPRPAKRKAPRPRRPAKAKAKRKAP
I love ur content
First to reply
Hi
Been waiting for this video
Lmfao
Nice
Uu
Rekrap I am a big fan
cool
W
37th Place Lol
omg let's gooo finallyyy
2nd
Keep up the great videos rek!
Hehehe
Woah
hi
Let's go, another rekrap vid
......
Rekrap has nice content
Saying first is cringe      First
early
58th
:0
Yo
Another great video!!!
frist
Epic video man Edit: also second
First
Im a poeple
Let's goooooo
NICEEE
23rd?
YES HES BACK! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS REK!!!
HII REKRAP  I'm a new youtuber and I was going to ask if you could help me gain a few subs
View
Nice nice bro 🥶
Not first
second lol
me playing bedwars: wtf notification is so annoying wait it's from rekrap2 frick game lets watch it
Hi
That sounds easy
35th
first
uwu
15th
1MIN AGO
Love your videos Rek! Keep up the good work!
Rekrap!
LMAO (second??????)
I didn’t even realize pants party meant PP
Imagine getting pinned. Couldn’t be me
I watched the whole video in 100x speed
Favorite YouTuber
Yo
10
No way I’m first
YOOOOOO
Hi
Hi rek
Nice
First
YES A NEW VIDEO
Iwiw8
E
Love ur vids
Beans.
Sheesh
Hello
Suiii
?
Yo
Hi
FIRST
sick.
Hi
Secend
First
Hello
Pog
Hi
No PP
1st
An upload 😃
Hi
Yessssss
Hi
Hi
I’ve been waiting for this video for so long
Hello
Hi
1st
Hi
