wonderful
❤❤❤❤
What a joy you are to people, happy to have you around.
Her humor and honesty made this episode unforgettable. Every item felt like a glimpse into her unapologetic personality.
I loooove her, she is so amazing and so herself. I would love to have a friend like her !!!
You're  a very very special lady my love and I love you so much ❤️
my fav by far lol<3333
Is this the adult version of cocomelon
Bloody national treasure...
Miriam Margolyes is not funny. She thinks she humorous by shocking people.
Her smelling like lime, mandarin and basil is so on brand for her, I have no idea why
I am a big fan of this lovely lady who simply & unashamedly tells it how it is ❤  I have spent years trying,  unsuccessfully,  trying to pronounce her surname.  It is disrespectful to get it wrong. Now I finally know how it is done - all I need to do now is practice.
at no point could i predict what i was gonna see next
i love her sm
We like the same perfume!!! 🎉❤
I wonder where the tote is from? The clear zip thing for makeup looks unusual with it's 'portrait' end zip.
She's an absolute classic😊
I think she’s a disgusting old hag.
Love Miriam she says it as it is but also shows compassion and empathy when she is interviewing people in her programmes. Must admit I am a proper knicker weare I dont understand these skimpy lacy things
Oh boy! To meet this woman would be for real an adventure.
i love her
💕
A bag with a whole department in it wow
❤❤❤❤
They threw the mould away when Miriam was made - WHAT a delight. I wonder if she knows just how much she is loved by so many of us? I hope so. x
04:32  Amen to that ! We love you Miriam, you are so talented and relentlessly clever and funny !!!thank you
Miriam, Onions are great pre-biotics! They go well w pro-biotics like yogurt ;) Found you a few days ago & love you! “ to moisten areas that get dry I’ll leave it for you to work out!” 😂 I carry Nivea too like my Mom did.❤
Her voice triggers my time of giving IELTS exams
My favorite Vogue what's in my bag.😊
Love you Mirriam.
Lime, mandarin, basil, onion basically a fresh salad 🥗
Youre a peadophile an I've seen you're filth..disgusting
I JUST ADORE THIS LEGEND.  😂❤️
Miriam, I have a question for you darling. Have you ever heard of Tena lady pads? I wouldn't be without them ~ no need to carry a spare pair of knickers in your bag if you're wearing them!
I love her
🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂
She's right. Ever since I turned 36 I have two little random hairs that keep coming back under my chin... never before did I have this. It is so strange getting older. My eyebrows have become unruly and longer (like an old man's! wtf) but not fuller, unfortunately. I've been waiting for my eyebrows to fill back in since I felt compelled to pluck them to death when I was 13. nope, just a few weird, long and scraggly ones that make me look like gandalf.
I love how the table just gets more and more cluttered, so real
i love this person
i love her name., and shes such a wonderful lady
National Treasure
‘It’s an onion’ 💀💀💀
I'll always remember her as Professor Sprout
I come back from time to time just for 3:15 when I need a quick laugh 😆
Great just great 😂😂
I LOVE HER ❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Keeping your own book in your bag is such a power move and I'm all here for it
George Costanza bit into a raw onion on Seinfeld because he’d lost his glasses.
A disable person will gladly trade you parking stalls if you trade them ur leg's.
The Caramel Bunny Comercial brought me here!
Repping the blue badge. Love to see an authentic human on here
‘I don’t have beauty habits, I have tweezers’ 😂😂😂
I have never seen this. I love her.
"It's not bad breath, it's onion breath"........ Couldn't agree more!!!!!
OMG! Miriam is simply hilarious, she is so funny, naturally. I just love her x Australia x
I like her categorization of people: "people I have slept with" and "people I haven't slept with" what an icon
Just reading the book she pulled from her bag.  I thoroughly recommend it!
i love her with all my heart
“The continental shelf…” I will be using this from now on!
If authentic was a person.
Oh my gosh!!!
Love hey but i gagged at the onion
Miriam loved Vera Lynn - and so do I ❤
lol she's hilarious!
I love her ❤
Amen! I can't stand ABBA either...
She can't stand ABBA......Miriam, we have to talk.....
There is no one better to represent what it means to be British.
She is so great!
Scottish/Australian Funny Girl!
Hands down best what's in my bag of all time !
My grandma also carried extra knickers in her bag as she got older she started having accidents. She was so ashamed of it. She had 6 children, bless her.
She is so funny I love her ❤
The best episode ever!
Madam pomfrey 0
She is one of my celebrity spirit animals!!!! I absolutely BLOODY LOVE HER!!!!!!!!
I love her ❤❤❤
She is one of a kind, love her
WAIT!! What is the one round thing? I can't rest until I know.
Absolutely brilliant...
She is an icon 😊
Miriam, you are Fantastic.
This woman is crazy ♥️
I like this Lady  I wish i could ever meet Her in real life  I am sure She has problems like everybody ,but She seems to  be happy  always and She is just natural  funny without trying  I think this Lady loves life and people ,such a warm personality 😊🎉❤
shes such an icon
I think My mom would like her. But she HATES onions 🤣
Yes I woulda like to know what's in the Queen's bag
The onion.... 😦  Def need that breath sweetener 😂
3:37 now then… I’m Holding my .. lipsticks
Also to use as 🪂 clever clever !
Disabled lavatory key ?!!?  We need those in the USA !!!
I love Miriam,Never fails to make me laugh,she is so unapologetic,a true natural.
I could listen to her read a takeaway menu and I would be utterly fascinated.
I just love her sense of humour and honesty.  Forever love Ms. Sprout ❤❤❤ Also appreciate the fact she just carries $5 bag and a tote - simple yet totally practical!
I adore her
what an absolutely unnecessary but darling video segment this was in my recommended video list right next to an interview of Miss Piggy's 50 birthday no rhyme, no reason
love her
I have exactly well sort of like -that Italian leather bag, naughty ! I used to bag it in a larger bag as well, omg Im sounding sooooo British. You are adored love.
i just watched a “pov: every miriam margolyes interview ever” video, and i was like theres NO way shes actually like that… and she is… she is exactly like that and im LIVING for this woman i love her🤣🤣🤣
Omg!!! This is more than I could have ever asked for! Loved her since James &’Giant Peach and of course HP❤
I love it when she uses her funny voices. So talented.
is she were my mom or grandma that would be amazing. she could teach me how to do life
I love this woman.  She is so delightfully real and open.  Her forthright manner and ability to say exactly what she is thinking is refreshing.  An international treasure!  Many woman will understand the need to dash to the WC, although having to search the bag for the toilet key in that bag may take so much time the knickers didn't get saved!!
Every line is golden! Copywriters should hire her! And as a public service we would all benefit from her describing vegetables 💕
This is THE BEST! 👌 🥰
I love her so much
I love this lady 😂 and the fact her perfume of choice is Jo Malone 💕 she’s a real national treasure.
I need her and Jeff Goldblum interviewed together.
Reading your memoir at the moment Miriam 😻
Adore her so much, just finished her second autobiography. What a treasure.
What a delight!!
Miriam is weird
Nuggs
she so funny and sweet, I hope to be like her when I'm older
A real three-dimensional person. Yay!
Love her.
Absolutely agree,wonderful woman
I actually tried to eat a raw onion like her just to see what it was like. Never heard of anyone doing that before. 😂 And um....yeah. I can see why it's not common. Definitely not for everyone.
Bro the onion fr
Not even kidding, when I’m depressed I watch episodes of Graham Norton with Miriam on them. Before I know it I’m belly laughing and feeling much better! I LOVE HER !!!
She is so lovely and chill! Loved it!
Disgraceful woman
No wonder she farts eating all those onions 😂😂
Loved her autobiography
I have absolutely no idea why but I’ve decided to go on a Mariam Margoyles binge on YouTube.
What a strange person
❤
TAURUS QUEEN!!!!
“Can’t STAND ABBA…….”  OOOOOOOOFFF! She should hear what the younger kids are listening to now! 🤣
I recently read Miriam's book "This Much Is True"  which I borrowed from a friend.  I have to say that I was extremely disappointed in Miriam.  She has got a very low opinion of the British working classes.  She also thinks that it is something to be proud of that she has given loads of BJs to total strangers.  Sorry, but I don't like the woman at all.
The fact that this woman is so hilariously unhinged and was in one of the most beloved children’s movies ever makes me wonder what the set of HP was like 😂😂
I love this woman !
Amanda is me man, I was seeing this guy a few months back who thought I should just do a podcast with him based on my lack of internet knowledge/memes and in return I teach him stuff like ocean facts or how to map a hiking trail. Unfortunately he was a home body and I ‘hang out in trees’🤷🏼‍♀️
"I'm always eating" Same,Qween 💜💜👾.
I can't stand ABBA. I agree, Miriam.
Oh now THIS one was full of signs we're dealing with a bonafide English upper class eccentric: an onion in their handbag which they will eat like an apple, a pair of hand dyed underwear, a book THEY'VE written, a stolen linen napkin from a first class airline experience and a story of meeting the Queen.
The continental shelf😊
What can you say, other than I love you Miriam, you are so down to earth. kind regards Qld Australia
She is amazing! I just love everything she is on.❤
She’s hilarious
Maravillosa!!!
Miriam’s simply delightful. A not fussy down to earth woman.  She looks so beautiful
ICONIC MY FAV WHATS IN M'Y BAG BY FAR
Ahahah love her!
this lady is sooo weird🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That's quite a bag of tricks!
I love you Miriam. Melissa K.
She had me right up to " I can't stand ABBA!" 😂
"If you have no right to it, DON'T BLOODY DO IT!" Love her!!!!
SHE IS ICONIC!
❤
This woman is so lovely 🌹 I just knew her as Prof. Sprout, and now I have different pictures of her. She is so hilarious.
Miriam is everything!
I love this lady. It's delightful to watch her in anything.
harley quinn is afraid of her
Mam did you smelled onion when you met the queen? She is so sweet Lady though!
I love her, love her, love her ... she is authentic, cool, relatable, self-confident, sparkly, witty ... I wanna be like her when I am old and I hope my hubby will dye my bread sized knickers in wood green! ❤❤❤❤❤❤
I wish I could adopt her
Love the "I dont have a beauty routine, I have tweezers"
She is so funny and I love her ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Not even 30 secs and it’s 😂😂😂
She is the one person I'd just LOVE to meet
Im so glad you didn't give Liz Windsor the appropriate answer 😅
I LOVE her
A real life Nanny Ogg and I wouldn’t have it any other way.
I am so happy to see her choice of perfume...SAME!! LOVE YOU, M
I LOVE this woman.
The onion 😂
I LOVE this Lady!🥰
Miriam gifts us with a one-cheek air biscuit to start things off. Out of the goodness of her heart.
I LOVE HER
A legend
1:51 ✨ The Continental Shelf ✨
Omg. She is amazing.  🤩 we love you darling.
Best one yet!!!💜💕💜
She is one of a kind, I adore her.
Pomona Sprout ❤❤❤ Head of Hufflepuff
You're a lovely lady, and I adore your honesty and outrageous humor!
She is hilarious 😂
What a wonderful woman 😊
She is hilarious 😂😂😂 I would love to go on a night out with her 😂😂
Love love love her!
I can do without the passing of gas. However she has lived such a life I love listening to her stories about the people she has worked with and met. She truly authentically herself.
She is rude even the Queen told her to shut up,  she bad mouths the best people.
Cute knickers in the video thumbnail and at 2:10 of this video - I love their appearance, and appreciate the benefits of wearing knickers that have a large, strong absorbent gusset with good coverage (preferably having a curved rear seam)  (I model and review full coverage full brief knickers in the videos on my YouTube channel) :D
all I can think now is oh my god she smells like an onion!!!!!
THE BEST what's in the bag of all !!
I used to laugh at women who carried tweezers. Now being over 35 myself ... good lord, I completely get it!
She is one of the most wonderful people I’ve ever heard speak ❤
This lovely  woman  has the best, unfiltered,  delivery . She could  ask for a glass of water and it would be entertainingly funny.
Onions 🧅????? Ufffff ….
I think I'm too young to be watching this.
What a tonic!
Best one of these I’ve seen
LOL
I never relaized she was like this until after I started watching Graham's shows. She is amazing and she is the kind of aunt I would love to have. Make her an OBE, dame or whatever you Brits call it!
Oh my gosh,what an unexpected delight showing up in my YouTube feed! 😊
I love her so so much, I've watched every single video of her here in youtube, I've met her on a British TV show that the guy has a very funny laugh, and since then I fell in love with her personality and honesty! She brings me pure joy ♥
I love her, what an inspiration ❤ i strive to live as unapologetic as she does
This is basically my best friend and muse Kate in around 50 years
Absolutely love her. Laughed so hard haha she’s so so genuine 🩷🩷🩷
I LOVE her! She's serving and taking NOTHING!
She's such a delight. ❤
❤❤❤😂😂😂
Gorgeous and bloody HILARIOUS
I’d be in hospital in icu cause a night with her my lungs would collapse due to the laughter 😂
surprised she has no hamas merch in her handbag
This so ridiculous to the point where it feels staged 😂 Love IT
i love her so much h
I used to like her until I found out she is a self-hating Jew and is pro-Hamas.  She loves torror organizations more than democratic Israel.  Awful mislead, blind woman.  I no longer likeyou, Ms. M.
Yayyyy thank you for bringing Miriam, she is such a delight … I could sit and have tea with her all day. She is one of the guest I would invite for a dinner.
When I grow up I wanna be like Miriam. Minus the onions and the farting with imo goes hand in hand 😂😂😂😂
When you are complete f’ing legend ❤️ ❤️.  Should all of us age with such style and grace.
Love this woman.
😂😂😂😂☠❤❤❤🙌🏾 Please a follow up ...what's in her bedside drawer 😂😂😂 I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS EPISODE THANK YOU FOR BEING YOU ❤
God love this women 🤣🤣🤣
Love you Miriam!
When this woman is onscreen, I just smile like a fool the whole time (when I'm not laughing, that is). She is such a delight.
What a precious lady
“Can’t stand ABBA” *changes video*
Miriam is indeed everything - Carolina gets it!
Love you Miriam 😂
The old bag and her continental shelf 😂
It was much more interesting than models' bags
Someone send her some navy Knix!
How is there no meme of her? I mean "I always carry an onion with me" must be one of the most unexpected things I've ever heard.
She's that one eccentric aunt you had who would stop at nothing to make you laugh and make your parents cringe with embarrassment 😂
She is so adorable and beautiful ❤️
Anyone else have a physical reaction when she ate that onion like an apple? 😂😂 "The best reader of stories in the WHOLE WORLD" indeed 🤣🤣
God she's amazing ❤
Enjoyed this Miriam. My bag is much like yours (perhaps a bit cheaper) love you!
So enjoyed that and I have no doubt that she is a fabulous reader of literature. I could not live without my tweezers and I too have two pair. I don't bring extra knickers with me....YET!!!😂 But I do keep a pair of leggings as a backup in my car emergency bag!
nasty woman
She's such a brilliant impersonator.
Oh, I just LOVE LOVE her. So honest and naughty and unapologetic. She's a heroic woman. Margolis for prime minister!!!❤
I adore her ❤
Absolutely love the way she carries an onion round in her bag 😫🤣🤣
I absolutely love Miriam. Merely watching her is restorative for the soul. She must be protected at all costs 🥰
Simply wonderful. I wish I knew where Miriam buys her knickers, they look so comfy!
So unpretentious and real, just love it!
Miriam I'm adopting you as my grandma xx
Horrible woman .
Good strong Knickers!  My handbag contents are almost identical! 🤣👍❤️
I just adore you!!!!!!! Sei fantastica! Spero di incontrarti un giorno!
She is utterly disgusting and I absolutely adore her 😅
Exactly what I had expected. This did not disappoint 😂
she's the best 😂
half an onion for snacking... I love her so much
She’s such a sweet lady.
Absolutely BATTY. LOL!
Such a wonderful funny lady seen her on tv many times .
The onion😂😂😂 protect this women at all cost❤
this lady is awesome.
Love you Miriam, great stuff in your bag. By the way, your dress is fab and you look beautiful
I'm scared
Raw white onion, Tabù licorice and Jo Malone's Lime Basil & Mandarin: now we know how this iconic lady smells 😄
Raw onion , unless you have bleeding ulcer or liver issues , is it the best thing you can eat to have all those mouth bacteria killed .  It is more efficient than any mouth wash out there . And maybe we should stop crucifying people who enjoy onion and garlic .It is food after all . I would rather sit in a plain next to someone who had garlic for lunch than next to someone smelling like unwashed xxxt and tones of cheap perfume .
disgusting terrorist supporting FREAK. she’s so grotesque and nasty. horrible person.
Love you ❤I was feeling poorly today , I watched some of your YouTube videos and you cheered me up ❤
Love you lady
Brilliant - 😂
An onion.lolololololol
I've never come across this lady before, but can she be my grandma??
I just love this woman.
Eloquently beautiful, I absolutely love Miriam xx❤xx
I love her, she always makes me laugh! I agree 100% about the disabled stickers, if you don’t have one don’t park in the disabled spots!!
I AM SO OBSESSED WITH HER YOU DONT UNDERSTAND
"I like a strong gusset" 😅
The Brits did steal a lot of treasures, but they sure birthed this one. What a delight and inspiration to be this unhinged and loved for who she is!
BEEP THE MEEP!!!!
The absolute JOY this woman brings me. ❤️
4:40 god she's scary😂😱
Ah, I see she took that 'carry an extra pair of knickers' tip from the Graham Norton Show. 😂😂😂
I love Miriam. I would love to sit and listen to her story's I'm sure she has some good ones.
She’s so weird but I love her 😂
She truly is a national treasure, I LOVE HER
She's chaos, I love her!
Lovely person. Amazed by her!
My most favourite person in the world...❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
She's Phoebe irl
I always carry an onion - 😳
Made a mistake and tried to take a sip of coffee... right before she explained about the continental shelf napkin 😂😂😂 When will I learn
a bit of a txat hahaha
She lost me at “can’t stand ABBA”
This woman amuses but mostly terrifies 😂😂😂incontinent verbally and physically and smelling of onions.
This was soo adorable and fun to watch her 🥹❤️
I have a feeling the contents of this bag were a little different than what Vogue typically sees.
Love her
I love this woman she’s funny!!😆 😂😂
El mejor de todos es este. Ella es una delicia, la adoro!
I love how she's just herself and doesn't care to appeal to beauty standards
Somebody farted and it wasn’t me lol.
She's like the grandma that over shares and has no filter while telling stories during dinner.
I can't stand her she has no social graces but she is right don't park in disabled spaces if you are not disabled
I can't tell for how long was I avoiding this YouTube recommendation of a familiar lady holding her knickers. Should've watched this long time ago! She's funny! 😂❤
This is maybe the only real “whats in my bag” video vogue has ever made. Thank you Miriam, you are a delight.
Died when she chomped into the onion.
When there's a bag inside of a bag... 🥹😅
This is my comfort video...
hands down the best episode in the series
Aahhhhh i love her honesty!!!
I think she is the first and only one guest who carries a pair of knickers  in her bag on British Vogue 😂
She looks and acts like a really cool grandma without having grandkids lol 😂😂😂
Miriam - such a fantastic actress. I hope you don't accidently grab your navy-blue underwear and mistake it for your navy-blue napkin.
i could watch 100 hours of this
Such a funny person  She makes me laugh  Great sense of humour
Me when she said she can’t stand ABBA :😮😢
Lovely 🌹🌹🌹😊
love her❤
She’s psychotic and I enjoy every moment of her
This is gold ❤
I love Miriam Margolyes! She is 100% herself and I am HERE FOR IT! I hope to be more like her when I grow up :D
I would absolutely adore a double interview with Miriam Margolyes and Florence Pugh, it would be a delight
I just love this woman.
I absolutely love watching this beautiful lady. I've watched so many interviews she has done what a wonderful woman. Lovely voice, and she never fails to make me laugh, telling her little stories of life
I loved it so much ❤❤❤😂
Not the onion 🧅
Love her couch and pillows!
what a character, her humor is golden.😂
I friggin love her.
She’s the BEST!
"I don't have beauty habits, I have tweezers" 🤭😂
Good God I love her. Miriam and Alan in Scotland is an excellent show and she is an amazing person.
Top 10 people I would invite to tea so I could have the honor of being silent and just listening
I love her❤
I love this lady!
Adore such beautiful personalities, they just make existence easier. God bless 🩵
Love Miriam she's my kind of of Sheila ❤🇦🇺🇦🇺👌
If they ever make a howls moving castle live action please someone cast her as the witch of the waste. it would be a waste not to. although she may just steal the show.
I want a pair of nickers like Miriam's.😊
It would be delighted for me if only I had her as my aunty! 😄😄
#guvls  Copy the branded shoes and show off your unique style
🔥🔥🔥
Professor Pomona Sprout, i love u
Bag lady i do love you grand lady
An interview😂😂 i must say
Oh i love your bag, what a grand lady i must, i do appreciate you and your bag
Love her!
LOVE HER❤❤❤
“If you’re 35 and over you should carry tweezers.” That makes me laugh because I’m 24 and I already have “whiskers”.
I have a Radar Key too - brilliant!
disgusting and shameful...who cares!
I love that decor by the way
Onionnnnn 😢😢😢😢😢😅😅😅😅😅❤❤❤❤❤
She's a living national treasure. 🤩
I love the way she speaks English. The accent,  everything ❤
2:06 The Oracle
She's a treasure
Absolutely love her to bits 💖💖💖
You are the best.  When are you going to be in America again?
Watching Miriam sit there whilst munching, on a raw white onion and looking like she’s eating gourmet food, is just so wonderfully unhinged and hilarious.
Continental shelf🤣🤣🤣🤣
Can someone ID the floral tote please? @britishvogue?
Love her
so cute
I think the best way to describe our Miryam is ‘beautifully bonkers’ ❤️
I suppose some people would rather to inhale onion breath rather than decaying, rotten teeth Glorious
The joy of Miriam. ❤❤❤❤
She is unapologetically enjoying her life. Bravo! I would want her with me in my darkest hour. She is very comforting and would never tell you what you wanted to hear.
😂😂😂
She is better than medicine! 🤣
I LOVE MIRIAM MARGOLYES!
מרים את מהממת אוהבת אותך❤
I absolutely loved this.
Love her ❤
I can’t believe she carries an onion in her bag, but then again she is Miriam. 😂😂😂😂
she is just so real!!
She had me with the onion 🧅 😂❤! Love 💕 her to bits ❤
I would love to get my hands on your book. ❤
The best what's in my bag video ever...
i wanna be her when i grow up omg
She is acting.
Ok so now I've seen Miriam Margolyes’s knickers.
Adore Xx
‘I like to smell fresh…I dont always’
i love this woman
The only one of these "in my bag"s that I was actually in anticipation of watching. Love her ❤
She’s just an extra 🤷‍♂️
I think she's fab but I'm gutted she doesn't like abba! 😮😂
I wish everyone were like Miriam. The world would be such a wonderfully funny and wicked place to reside 😄
She is so funny and a little rude sometimes❤
How lovely is this lady . She’s so natural .makes me laugh
This has gotta be the best what's in my bag video I've watched.She's so perfectly calm while I'm laughing out of my mind.Fabulous.
Give me wisdom, chaos and comedy
whiskers!
I love radishes, too! Yummy!
I absolutely love this woman. She is just so herself. No pretence.
She's such a dote 😊
What a boring woman. She relies on shock value for a cheap laugh. All so dull and predictable...well before she opened her bag. This is paint-by-numbers comedy at its worst. Is this the best we can do?
Two measl for 1 wedding.
You are such a real person, that speaks your mind and also out there to talk about anything about your amazing life.
She reminds me of a good friend of my moms.  Rest in peace Gabby❤️
OMG I am going to read thé book !
Totally relate. Tweezers are #1, spare knickers #2, travel toothbrush and paste, power bank, power cable. 44.
Oh my.. :)
Haha could watch her all day. It’s true as we get older we carry lots of random stuff in our bag.
'And people say Christ, you smell of onion.' Brilliant.
She's a delight, I watched her travel show on netflix and thought, "why didn't they give this woman a show sooner?"
I like to smell fresh, but also smell of onion frequently. Poor woman! Doesn't understand how things work😂
when i'm older i hope to be like her
I was doing stuff, saw this video and just stopped everything
People might judge her as being too gross and blunt but that's just organic Miriam at her best. Love her or hate her but you can't ignore her.
She's wonderful and I love the interior design!
Miriam is a legend, the kind of old lady I aspire to be.
I love Miriam!
Hahaha
What a delightful woman
I love everything about this woman! She’s adorable💛
Love you and the fact you don’t like Abba is all the more reason I love you ❤️
Somebody farted lol
My god - IN LOVE!!!!!!!
I like this video. Lovely lady.
this woman has no filter whatsoever and I'm so here for it
This was a delight thank you for posting this. She’s a gem ❤
Foul mouthed awful woman!! Her opinion is if it isn't my way, it's the highway.  Hypocritical Oaf!!
Omg Miriam 😂😂😂
1:15 😂
vile ..... 🤢
This woman is a force of nature!  Delightful!
God! I love her enunciation and diction. Fruity and blunt ♥
She is an absolute genius treasure!
When people asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up, I wish I could’ve shown them this video!😂 This is so me!
I never thought of Miriam as a Sun reader.
I never thought that I would see Miriam Margolis knickers on a program advertising Vogue are you sure Miriam they don't belong to Anna Wintour I see her in died blue knickers it's a look for the next fashion collection😂😂😂 wonderful person I think she's a hoot Mary Margolis not Anna Wintour best wishes another old Queen London❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
Love Miriam so much. Maybe one day I'll name a dog or cat after her. ❤
Forty-two here, those tweezers are life saviors. The fact that Miriam mentioned them is so refreshing, cause none of the others ever does, when we all know that they all carry them. I love Pamela Anderson but I wanted to gag at her bag video, it was so pretentious and obviously fake. A woman her age has other things in her bag that are not exactly sexy lol and whereas she’s  obviously in her right not to share, it does make the whole thing look fake and boring, and kind of defeats the purpose behind this idea. Just keep it real or go home ladies lol This was indeed seriously refreshing; and it’s also educational to men, I figure that the more real we are about our grooming routines and the things we use and need, the much less they will see us as ready dolls. There’s a lot of work that goes to being a modern woman and to looking like what they see. We are primates just as they are lol What a modern woman looks like doesn’t come ready made lol The amount of money we have to spend on grooming, from hair to skin care, to feminine hygiene can be perfectly insane; and if we are full-time working ladies we do have to carry a lot of it around in our bags. With age it gets even worse. I loved this, Miriam always keeps it real and blows the whistle on the pretense.
0 F?)$& given! ❤❤❤❤❤ her!
Love, love her. There is no one like her, she is so funny.
Just finished this thanks for showing how to make
I need to read those memoirs! I love her!
It's always a delight to watch Miriam 😊😊😊
The last scene .... 😂😂😂 So who was it?
omg she actually farted 🤣😂 never see that from celebrities, gotta love her
She’s a Global Treasure!!!
Oh dear Miriam, EVERYONE minds when someone smells of onion, particularly in close quarters and when on the breath.  But you already know this, don't you, given the beautiful freshness of your chosen perfume.
Where are the cushions covers in the video from?
This lady is an icon. And she farts! Epic!
Continental shelf! That's hilarious. She's so funny and talented
😂 Dear Miriam. She's priceless.
I love her. ❤
I can't believe she showed the Internet her knickers. You go girl
I LUV onions !!!! both red and white *)
I can only DREAM to have her confidence…
it's like im high watching this
A secret department 😂😂
I didn't know i need a Miriam in my life until now.
such better fashion here.
Love her. A most intelligent and spontaneous lady, despite being part of a ferocious industry. 👍👍😊
The continental shelf. My Mom and I know that well. It is a true problem.   I just wear high collar shirts. Mom needs the “bib”.  And I people say my bag has too much things! Bag beats mine hands down… and I have a backpack.
This is the best one yet.
She's everything I want to be when I get to her age
I loved this so much, she’s a true gem
I needed this. We all did.
Miriam - always a fabulous star to me Best Wishes
I love Miriam 🥰 She's such a joy
I was today years old when I found out that Miriam Margolyes has a wife. I want to be like her when I grow up
She is soo funny ❤😊
You know you are special when you carry a raw onion in your bag.😅
I ❤ Miriam Margolyes ❣💯
i love her shes an icon
Ohhhhhhhhhhh my god. Make her a national treasure! For the love of god knight her or something! She is everything ♥️
OMG! I love her honesty, wit, and sense of humor. One of the best "Whats in my Bag" videos.
My God! Just thank you!
Ive seen video few times and still makes me laugh. ❤
Miriam Margoyles having an onion in her bag at all times so she can take a bite whenever she feels like it is the most Miriam Margoyles thing I've ever heard. She is the most wonderful woman, her one and only flaw is that she can't stand ABBA 💔 But I forgive her.
She's so _real_ ❤
😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣Gotta Love old Ladies  Especially the British Old Ladies 😂😂🥰😂they're just so unbothered , no filter, Cheeky all the time😇😇😇😇its a delight to watch them speak talk about Stuff and Life.
😂😂😂❤
I C O N I C
AHAHHAHAHAH- eating an onion raw- the underwear, the theived napkin, legend.
i love this wonderful human being x
my name is Miriam :)
She’s so cute and funny
love you Miriam , so refreshingly honest
Just slayyyy❤
I just Love Love Miriam. So funny with a truly posh voice.She says it as it is!!❤
How do I become her ? She is everything I wanna become in life 😁 She is the real queen of England.
What an absolute gem.
❤❤❤😂😂😂😂😅😅😅 OMG! What a brilliant Love! ❤❤❤
wtf
Taurus 👍
❤❤❤
Oh ! Waw Did you Bring The  Grocery Store With you or What ? An onion ! OMG I Must be Dreaming !
oh a fellow onion lover! bless her
She's marvelous. Our world needs her.
Omg I love her 😂😂😂😂😂
I think we xould all benefit from having a person like this in our life, I sure could. She is a ray of sunshine
This is who I want to be when I reincarnate...
❤
Such a Queen :-)
I aspire to be like miriam for my now 3yo son’s son.
I absolutely ADORE this woman. Literally there’s no one that’s a bigger icon than her. We love Miriam ❤️
What a wonderfully outrageous character! Always entertaining.
I died when she said “I can’t stand abba” omg she is hilarious
This Woman says it like it is!
Possibly one of my favourite people ever.
I can't stand this foul-mouthed woman. Who does she think she is?
I love her
She is funny. Who is she?
So realistic 😮
I saw this lady in a TikTok once and I thought it was Shelley Duvall
Nice to know the knickers are clean ;)
AND……she is a brilliant actress!  I am surprised Her Majesty didn’t know who she was!
She is the most unaffected actress in the world.
i simply love her and am obsessed with her. jo malone is sublime and so is the onion! now i want to carry a onion with me!!!! i won't but i wanna!!!
Just watched her in , Call the Midwife. She’s just brilliant.
"Somebody farted! And it wasn't me!"  I love her so much!!   I do like ABBA, though....
I love how frank she is about disability and age!
I loved your voice on your audio book. Every night your sweet sugar coated voice put me to sleep when you read a chapter. 😘
Love that they feature a mature woman!!  Charming.  But please ... TMI
I love onions too!❤ ….and ABBA!
I feel like I'm watching an old disney film that's accidentally R rated
was not expecting the onion gotta say
This was a rollercoaster and I love her for it
I’m only allowed to like it once. I’m not pleased with that!
The Continental Shelf...how I love her
Love it! ❤
Best “in the bag” ever ❤
Demos incredibly fake person and I never found your humor. Funny it’s like she tries to act like she’s a female Jerry Signfield, and she is just not at you are not Larry David or Jerry Signfield you do not capture of humor at any level at any capacity. Please either quit your career or go credit card bill and never show your face again that and not to mention she looks like a literal goblin.
It  sounds she likes eating
Oh it’s woman is a national treasure love and should be protected at all costs I love her funny lady 👍🤣
Crying that the onion was already peeled and ready to eat 😂
"I always like to carry an old bag with me because I *am* an old bag" 😂
I didn't know but I really needed this. What a charismatic lady she is!
Now there's a "in the bag" video worth watching! I don't give a rat's arse what Kendall or Gigi carry. I saw this and clicked out of genuine curiosity! She is an absolute DELIGHT to listen to!
I so so love her so very much!
Absolute icon
🤮🤢
storing condoms in the secretive compartment, it sounds very sensible to me, madam. 1:29
Always thought she was called Miriam Gargoyles as a kid, don’t know why 😂
I’d love to see you get India Amartefio on here next for In The Bag 🎉
An onion and spare pants - a national treasure. 10/10
The best episode ever , finally we had an organic not sponsored by Brand "whats in my bag ", and yes I absolutely love her !!
„Somebody farted… and it wasn’t me“ Yes that’s the vibe ahhh
I LOVE THIS WOMAN! ❤
Favorite what's in my bag in a very long time!! Such a lovely woman!
WIth all due respect Ms Margolyes, I was totally with you up until you said you cant stand ABBA.  Girl, I KNOW you're  a Dancing Queen!! 🤣
This needed to be at least twice as long
😂❤️😂 I love her!
❤
Could you imagine having dinner with Miriam, you would never want it to end . She is an awesome person 🤗
Werk!!!! I ove her!
I had the pleasure of meeting Miriam when I worked in a theatre ten years ago. I met her at the train station to pick her up and she asked me to carry her bag. Legend 😂
I’m living for this!
More women like this please
3:29 I was hoping she was going to pronounce it that way.
‘ I like a strong gusset ‘ - same Miriam - same
Finally an honest "what's in my bag" except the onions part....
Adorably witty, smart, kind and sincere MM!!! And the BOOK is just fantastic!!!!! Thank you!!!
I would suggest keeping your spare knickers/pants in a resealable plastic bag.  Firstly to keep them clean and dry, and secondly if you need to use the spare pair, then you will have a place to put the used ones that will help keep everything else in the bag clean and dry and not smelling like wee.
Jesus, just buy some tena pads then you won't have to carry a navy blue paragliding kite with you.
Ive always loved uouy dear, even more so Now! What a Hoot you Are! Thanks for shareing! Ill Smile fir hours.🤣✌️💖🙏‼️
I love her with all my heart. The sweetest, funniest lady out there. God bless her
Such lovely lady❤
She’s brillant
Very funny and amusing. I dont know any other woman who could pull it off like she does. One of a kind. Very impressive.
Love her.
the part about when she met the queen! i am in stitches (5:00)
Just love her ❤.
Oh... she's psychotic. But, charmingly so. Good for her!
She reminds me so much of my grandmother before she got ill, I haven't laughed this much in years. This is who I wanna be when I'm at their age.
😂😂😂😂
Absolutely GLORIOUS.
Well I suppose Miriam is what she eats...an onion...of many layers 😅 I love her so much.
This was beautiful and she defined CAMP
cant stand ABBA!??
Can I just say, she is the BEST GUEST you've ever had. She's incredible and I'm in love with her.❤
She's so true to herself, not bragging, not pretending, not pandering, not trying to look perfect. Such s breath pf fresh air.
classic tiny tiny coinpurse
omg, heather and miriam 5ever
omfg the continental shelf. I am in love with her now
I fricking love her
She's an utter gem.
This is a best youtube video that i have ever seen! :D
I want to see more older women on here with the real contents of their bag to include pants with a good gusset and an onion.
this onion habit is maybe the healthiest one you can have!
Love Miriam you are my favourite roll model to getting old very disgracefully and I love her whole attitude to life ❤ She does look very well also .❤
❤😂
She's an absolute treasure.
Love it, real life, honest, and relatable
😂😂😂
AMAZING
love how brutally honest she is, she is who she is.
I’m sorry , but I always find this lady slightly repulsive in her habits, and I think she knows it. She’s funny though
Glad I’m not the only person who LOVES raw onion
*Captivating Voice and persona* 💝
I too use only nivea😂
Miriam is always funny. Always.
she needs her own show so funny
She is very delightful
I don’t know what I was expecting but a raw onion and an extra pair of knickers is absolutely perfection.
I love Miriam!  She is a global treasure and no mistake!
Please get maggie Smith to do this what's in my bag....😂... Would love to see her
I am and will forever be in love with miriam
She’s funny. Wouldn’t it be easier to put her hand in and out if she had a bigger bag ?
Iconic ❤
Okay.  I do not know who she is, but, I think I love her.   I must research her;)  I came here for Pamela.
i want her to adopt me
I’m just surprised she’s not a fan of ABBA
omg shez so funny...🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Now I need to see Dames Judy Dench and Maggie Smith😂
This is truly grandma material, I would hang out and chat with her for hours. Such a cool and funny woman ❤
I expected a Mandrake to be in her bag 😂
her Tote is Gampish
Glorious
National treasure
What a legend
I love her <3
She's absolutely a legend. Love it.
What's inside Professor Sprout's bag you mean
best one I've ever seen!
The most delightful, intriguing and funny 'whats in the bag' ever! More mature women please!!
Just one minute into the video and I'm already in love with this woman❤
I think she’s awful. No manners whatsoever
1:28 🤫we aren't supposed to talk about the Undercover Clutches
Easily the MOST interesting person on this planet.
Finally! A real women's bag!
Noooo Miriam not Abbaaa
She is fantastic love her ❤️
When I grow up, I want to be just like Miriam .....long may she reign :D
Such a british icon😭
I've never clicked on one of these so fast! We always need more Miriam -- and she did say she hated Mamma Mia on the Graham Norton show, so hating ABBA is no surprise XD
I love her xx
She is a human encyclopedia with an adlib center. 🥰
I never saw him do it but we think my dad's dad ate raw onions because their house smelled like raw onions (surprisingly in a pleasant way). When Grampie died and it was just Grammie left the house never smelled like onions again.
she´s adorable
Now wait a minute, she's on to something with the napkin
I just LOVE ❤️ HER! She’s wonderful!❤❤❤❤
she is like a.. i mean like not a real human being but like a character from a tale doing whats in my bag
Mariam: somebody farted and it wasn't me. 😂😂
Why? Please stop
She is unapologetically herself, love her 😂
That's what all those young ones are missing from their bags. An onion!!! Who knew? Their lives would improve vastly.
Fantastic 💙
She’s the type of woman I would love to have tea with. What a eccentric and a wonderful woman
❤
i listened to her episode on the off menu podcast and it was just lovely! shes so funny
Todo un personaje. Que interesante.  You go girl.
I never tire of watching Miriam. I just love her refreshing honesty.  I always feel enlivened after even just a few minutes with this deliciously cheeky, wonderful woman.
Ma lei non ha fatto la balia nel film romeo +Juliet?! Si si è lei
Does anyone know where those knickers are from?! They look so comfy!
What a character...the diction is her winning trait.
Nothing like a good onion 💀
God, I wanna be her when I grow up.
I have her book! Love her ! 🖤 she doesn’t give a toot what anyone thinks! 🖤
The part about carrying tweezers... its the most practical beauty advice I've heard.
Mad as a hatter 😂
I just love her ❤
She is simply the best❤
I like a strong gusset - probably the most iconic words ever spoken
Legend!! 😂❤
what a legend she is.
She is overrated…not my cup of tea.
Cries in ABBA
I really love her, is so awesome
I want to be her when I get older
Love her.  Authentic, genuine woman who doesn’t give a f**k ! Miriam for Prime Minister!!!
she's full of life ! love her
Super👌
I love her!!!
now this is the real ''whats in my bag''
she is so refreshing I love her
I want to know what brand Miriam’s knickers are as I want a pair like this!
Such an interesting personality she is 😊
Professor Sprout!
This was incredible
Oh god when she said she can’t stand ABBA 😂😂😂😂😂
I am desperate to know what colour MAC lipstick she wears ❤
Ew, no thanks,
Absolutely loved this one.❤
A Jewish antizionist icon!
I want to live in that bag!
Classic Miriam with her oninon...
Listen Miriam. We don’t talk about the bloody whiskers lol
Awww bless her! She looks fantastic!
Incredible xx so practical!
Do all old ladies carry the same purse.. my grandmother's one looks at exactly like hers but in black.
She is wonderful!
Huge Miriam fan. Had her book an audible while I was diy-ing my house. I was so sad when it was nearly over because I was going to miss her stories and her voice so much. She is a treasure.   Best what's in my bag that there ever was. I will be watching this video infinite  times
the part where she started eating the onion, cracked me up
She made my day 😂😂😂
Miriam is so delightful, I just can't get enough of her!
I have the pleasure of knowing miriam , she is honestly who I aspire to be as I age .
This is gold ❤🎉
Not so much "no filter" as taking the filter, putting the filter into a bag and then jumping up and down on the filter.
This is the best what’s in my purse I have ever seen ❤😊
I ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤her.
Miriam is an INTERNATIONAL TREASURE!  I love her so much!!!
# goals
I like her simplicity. So delightful. No need for a branded handbag. More of Miriam, please. 😍🤩🥰
I love her!
She is so iconic and I love her but ... HOW CAN YOU NOT LIKE ABBA???
Amusing. ABBA is great though.
I can listen to her read stories for hours!
absolutely love her
my ABSOLUTE favourite one of these yet!
I wanna be her when I grow up
Just don't know how she can't love ABBA but other than that she's cool.
Love her👍♥️♥️♥️♥️🦋
No room for shame when you get old 🤷‍♀️😂 most people will get there and experience it themselves!
I love a sense of the ridiculous!😊
Okay. This was my favourite “What’s in my bag”
I adore her plus proper education on ageing and women’s point of view on things. Very bright woman:)
This is the best what’s in my bag to date! Love this!
Both her bags are like the Tardis!
I don't think Vogue have ever seen a bag like Miriam's before 😂 #Legend
love her!!!!! 💕💕💕
Be more Margolyes and less Kardashian. ❤️
As I watched it, she is real and she tell as it is! Personal and raw and I wish to be her when I GROW UP!
ICONNNNNNN
Hey! So that’s who stole my knickers!
🤣🤣🤣 the end!!! "Somebody farted...and it wasn't ME!!!"🤣😂😂☠️😭😂🤣oh i died😂😂👏🏼💖
💖This is just the best, I'm overcome with love for her!!👏🏼🤟🏼✌🏼
This is one of my favorites! I can listen to her talk all day.
What's not to love about this wonderful and hilarious lady 😂❤❤
Oh my goodness, I just love her🥰
Miriam will forever be an absolute treasure.
She is extraordinary, authentic and fascinating. That's quality content!
Just awesome her book marvellous too 😂love and hugs also carry bag with me with my bag
Thank you for stepping in to help this couple when no one else did. Unfortunately, lice can be difficult to get rid of them as they can become resistant to the shampoos and treatments available. I think the only way to get rid of lice is exactly as you are doing, by using a nit comb and a gentle shampoo to create a slippy surface so they don’t attach so easily. I had a lot of difficulty getting rid of lice from one of my children. It took weeks and yet the rest of us in the house didn’t get any lice, but we’re treated anyway. I think they recommend doing this treatment every couple of days in line with the life-cycle of nits so that  new babies can be removed before they get a chance to lay eggs. Well done and thank you so much ❤
I've always loved Miriam but the one thing I can't abide is her love of the royal family. Her willingness to defend an institution of snobbery and cruelty makes me feel pretty sad . Still love her
She is the best 🤩
It's interesting to note all the people commenting about how they dont like Miriam when they deliberately chose to click into a video, watch it then leave a comment 🤔
As someone who is well under the age of 35, I can say i definitely needed the tweezers since I was a teenager 😂
Bizarre topic. Won't be watching any more of these, thanks.
Cannot abide this woman. Crude
love her!
I just ADORE Miriam, *adore* her - love, love, LOVE her. 😍🤩😍(if you don't know who she is, just google her and Graham Norton - she has been on his show several times, hilarious - *hilarious*) - the knickers, the tweezers 👏👏👏- the stolen airplane napkin, the onion (oh just remembered I used to do this with lemons when I was little, just bite into them, eat them whole!) ( _going off to re-re-re-re-re watch her on Graham Norton_ )
i love that she  calls it a continental shelf
Best episode ever
Awful woman!
Our world is a better place because Miriam Margolyes is in it.  She's simply a gem.
❤
What a treasure! Glorious as always.
She just herself …
She's correct with the tweezers, don't have to be over 35 though
Great actress ❤
elizabeth haig nz  == youtube== LUV YOUR VIDEOS xox
Well Vogue, it's over. You won't find anyone more charismatic and fun 😆
She's such a wonderful breath of fresh air in a world of fakes love her ❤😂
The best Whats in my bag! Hermione bag, so tiny but everything inside!
SHE IS JUST ADORABLE AND FUNNY I LOVE THAT SHE LOVES ONIONS SO MUCH
Now this is the In The Bag we've been waiting for! Totally agree on the tweezers
Finally a woman who adores radishes and robbing napkins
She is a breath of fresh air. I love her! <3
This woman is an absolute treasure.😂
Miriam sorry... The two different lampshades just kept my focus, instead of what you were saying. 😳😱
Christ you smell of onion. And i say yeah 😂😂😂😂
This was so refreshing and so real.
What a refreshingly 'real' person in a world of tiresome artifice!  More please, Vogue. Maggie, Judi, Lily (Tomlin not Depp), Meryl? I have a feeling Ms Streep would be a complete scream. Get to it! 😆
Queen Miriam at her best
Best model and story Vogue has done since they started. Miriam is a legend! Love her so much! More women and people like her Vogue.
😅😅😂😆
Miriam knows what's up with radishes
Funny and a little bit of crazy…I like onions and I eat them on my Greeκ(χωριάτικη) salata!!😅
Can’t stand this woman
Reminds me of my nans, both always had a pair of spare knickers in their handbags 😀 an onion though 😂 She doesn't like Abba 😮. Still love and want to hug her though 🤗
OMG 😂😂😂😂😂😂, the half eaten onion!
Just when you THINK it's a normal/another 'what's in my bag' video - here's Miriam Margolyes just pulling an ONION out of her bag and eating it like an apple. LEGEND! One of a kind!
I think the most controversial thing she said was that she couldn’t stand ABBA
jane fonda and lily tomlin next PLEASE!!!
Love her so much! Just finished reading her book, it is incredible!
If I were in her life I would make it my daily mission to remove her onion.  🧅
Love Miriam  :)
Can someone PLEASE get her to do Snack Wars next?????
I love her so much. Please do Maggie Smith next 😭😭😭
I love her so so much omg🥺😭
You must tell us what lipstick she’s wearing! ❤ Miriam
I like to smell fresh as she crunches on an onion. Doesnt like ABBA. Oh we need to have words now.
I'm 60. No whiskers. Blondes are lucky.
Anyone who knows where the pillows are from?
National treasure!!
God how lovely she is😃...the bag of my mum looked almost the same and at some point i think mine will look also like this😄...
Dove cacchio ha trovato le Tabu
I love her
'Sometimes people say Christ!, you smell of onion! And I say...yeah.'  Hahahahahahaha brilliant! 😂
❤❤❤
What a fabulous woman
Who would dare disobey "Mother Mildred?!"  😂
So funny & so  eloquent
The drive by shots at Abba 🤣
My sister in Oregon sent this (I am in California) to me.    We are both fans.     Miriam  is just delightful and honest.
This the hands down the best "whats in by bag" in Vogue history.
I am so nosey, I couldn’t wait to see what is in Miriam Margoleyes hand bag. Like me she has a tweezer to keep the beard and whiskers at bay😂😂😂😂😂😂.
“I like to have room for what I pick up on the way. Like life, really” ❤
Ohhhh, that explains why she disliked so much the movie Mama Mia
This is the most wholesome celebrity video I’ve seen in a long while😍  Gotta love Miriam!
Loved this! She's 100% herself and I identify with her attitude so much.
People who appear authentic & naturally themselves can be so appealing & attracting. Miriam Margolyes OBE is absolutely one such person. She is absolutely adorable & doesn't seem bothered with not speaking her mind. A truly gifted actress. 💜
OMG! Gotta love Miriam! She’s hilarious 😂 & looking great! I read her book, was fab! Her knickers, an onion! Only Miriam could pull that out her bag! 😂I adore her! ❤
wer soll das sein?
She's everything I believe in
I love this woman. Tuned into this on repeat while getting ready in drag
Omg I came a running to see our National treasure the wonderfully unique Miriam Margolyes!!!!
She is truly a gem!💍❤️
Best whats in my bag ever
BRILLIANT MIM!
Everything about Miss Margolyes is authentic and she radiates an offhand ‘joie de vivre’. One just has to love and admire her  🧅👛🕶️🍰
Love her
Respect the woman! Always!
I love her. I love her honesty and her unapologetic approach to being a mature woman. She's wonderful!
No wonder she farts so much !! All those onions !!😮
What a lovely person 💕
I love how she's such a shock to certain people and in the meanwhile she remembers me my grandma in the 90s, so so much 🤣🤣
Wow. It's the first genuine bag ever. On the whole Internet 😂
I love the actress but why so many hints and allusion about sex? As her aim was to persuade everybody that she has it in her life and has it lot.
I love her, she makes me laugh out loud. x
MOTHER!!!!!!!!!!1
Miriam is a gift to this earth.
So unhinged and authentic. She’s a hoot 😂 excellent music taste! Edit: omg I adore eating raw radishes! I’m so glad she does too!
'Can't stand ABBA' reminded me of when she was on Graham Norton and called Mamma Mia dreadful in front of someone who was in it. Such an icon.
What delightful spontaneity! Of course, it was most certainly artfully thought out.
❤❤❤❤ 😊
She is just wonderful, your best one yet.!!!
I love this woman! She is fantastic 💕
Miriam...I love you to bits.🌻
😅😅😅this woman... Mrs Escobar...she was in it...the drugs drop ...with Graham Norton interview. I watched it repeatedly 😅😅😅
Miriam makes being alive worthwhile!!! Someone not ashamed to be herself, no sides to Miriam. Pure joy❤
I looooove Miriam! And she deserves so much more merit than the mention of the harry potter series (which was written by a misogynistic fascist transphobic author that doesn't know how to write !) I just think it's unfair .....
Love her! ☺️
I don't have any beauty habits, I have tweezers.....said every woman over 50!!
Oh Myriam 😂😂😂
She's so wonderful! I only wonder: what is that lipstick color????? 😄
She just brighten up the day and has so many interesting things to say. Lovely! ❤❤❤
Refreshing and different!
she really just straight up said "I can't stand ABBA!" 😭
One funny statement afer another!!! 🤣🤣🤣 Love her!
So sensible...she is a dose of happiness ...we need more of this..mature women with great knowledge 😊
Gotta love Miriam, how can you not love her?
Miriam Margolyes is who I want to be when I grow up ❤
A woman of substance.  How wonderful to read about a real woman with strength of character and honesty....a jewel in the crown.....More real women please Vogue.
An onion 😂😂😂
"I always carry an onion. Because!....I love them..."  And they coronated CHARLES instead.
everything cool, but onion is truly ridiculous if afterwards she talks about her perfume and breath mints and smelling fresh. That whole bag would be smelling, including the shawl. Cutout the bs Miriam. We love you but dont overdo it
Mariam is a scream, she NORAMAL as they come.  LOL  I like people who are unapologetic of themselves for being themselves, too many fakes in this world but this lady is a prize example of how to be genuine & authentic.
I love her. Love her book and most of all the fact that I also will eat onions anytime of day! I love onions ❤️⭐️❤️
Just love this woman. She isn’t afraid to speak her mind and even better that she has no time for the Tories 😊
😂 Your the best Miriam x
I call them the continental shelf
She’s such a delight and love her. Recently watched her ‘Almost Australian’ series. Love how she easily interacts with locals and how down to earth she really is. God bless Miriam !❤
👏 💯 Yes to the pants and the tweezers! Absolute essentials. 😂 😂 😂
She is so British it's hilarious.
Love of my life ❤
.... & then there's always "Depends"  to get one past the adjacent moment... minimum  stress... 😉
She's honestly one of my favourite humans.
“I like a strong gusset.” 😂 As do we all, Miriam, as do we all.
Funny and bizarre... I don't know enough about MM to know if some of this disclosure is just for comic effect. I'd say TOO MUCH INFORMATION, at certain moments.   I'm in favor of the onion (!), but don't think that I would ever carry one around.
I think there's an issue with the subtitles where the whole block of all subtitles is in the first couple of seconds of the video and none throughout the rest of it. Or is it my laptop playing up? Love Miriam Margolyes!
Can’t the queen just be elected and just let her fill the role perfectly?
Would love to have her as a friend. You can never get bored with Miriam she's very witty!
I love Miriam she's so Adorable and ever so funny 😊😊
She's one of my favorite actresses. I love any movie she's in. I have to see it and I always want to know what the queen carried in her purse. I have found many a purses and never looked in them. One time I turned in a purse and it had loads of antique jewelry in it and I didn't know it. But I have to say if I ever got a hold of the Queen's purse and unfortunately that's not going to happen. I would have to look at it
I love her so much 😍🥰 don't want to be in a realm without Miriam :) Long live  🎉 fabulous 💖 spirit :)
Thank you lovely lady. Dyed Blue table napkin Blue knickers and an onion. In your bag is ,What most of us need. ❤😊
Must go find ‘Girls of Slender Means’
Quite right! No ABBA!
Couldn't love this more ❤️
So much like my mum. Mom has a bag in a bag in a bag and all these little tidbits and thingamabobs orbiting these bags inside of a bag. I mostly love that anything you need, she will pull from her portable moving truck(the bags). It's like there's a whole unending dimension of space in there. Once went swimming and she has swimming shorts for herself, me, and Dad in there. Fishing line, sunscreen, hats, and a camcorder to record the day. All while walking around seemingly with a bag that looks normal to the eye. I'm not getting into the story of the scanner at the airport 😒 😕.
i just feel like she gets me
This was the best one from vogue😂
The best "what's in your bag" so far 🎉
Oh, There’s so much I identify with!
I love her too!
This woman just farted for Vogue. Iconic.
Dawn French would be another good person to do what's in my bag
😂😂😂
I didn't bat an eyelid at anything in that bag except when she pulled out the onion. That was so unexpected, it made me produce a short, loud gasp-laugh like the squawk of an asthmatic bird. 😂🧅
Miriam is an icon. Funny and absolutely hilarious. Love her tv show where she and other celebs would travel around America. I’ll watch anything with her in it ✨✨
hahhahah just brilliant
Loved this.  A woman who is honest enough to be herself.  No designer bag and stuff I believe that she actually uses.  Wish Vogue would do more of what is really inside women's handbags and not stage it with designer bags and designer makeup.
Well, that has to be my all time favourite video… recognised the name, had no idea of the personality… the huge (no slight intended) and fascination personality … it was the knickers that sold me… how down to earth, how lovely her darling partner dyes them her favourite colour, I am a new fan and want to know all about her…
❤❤
I love this woman !
I wanna be her so bad
I just love her she is just SO NATURAL no airs n graces hath Miriam ,I even love her farts lol, also she is a BRILLIANT ACTRESS ! She is very well spoken ,talks quite POSH then can say Fxxk OFF as quick as a flash lol that’s Miriam lol. Love her !
I fell in love with her in my childhood in the movie Balto ❤
Delightful and hilarious!
🤣🤣🤣
If I'm not like this when I'm older someone take me outside to 'look at the flowers'
She’s an absolute hero of mine. Hilarious and a brilliant actress. I agree she is the best teller of stories in the whole world. ❤
Totally on board with the necessity for tweezers. I recommend having car tweezers as the light is better in the car. Just don’t be driving! Pull over, park and have at it, or them.
🤣🤣🤣
Omg i love her💜
I just love her 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm with her when it comes to the tweezers, can't live without them ...
This is the best In The Bag that Vogue has ever done. In fact, the only one that matters. From now on, if your bag doesn't contain an onion and a pair of hand dyed big knickers I'm not interested.
"Saved my knickers time after time". LOL I have a lot of the same things as Miriam in my old lady bag.
❤❤❤
OBSESSED
These people are always carrying an absurd amount of things.
I was interested in her lipsticks but I guess she does not know the names and brands because she does not care.😂
This is scary, I’m 70, it’s so much like my tote bag apart from the knickers 🎉and the book, I have audio books, they take up less space, and I have a metal straw, collapsible cup and cutlery, I do do shovels for spoons  🥄.. I also carry chilli flakes, pink salt and nutritional yeast in small tubs …
Brilliantly executed! I love this! 😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤!
One of my favorite people ❤
This is definitely the first time that I’ve ever seen somebody carry an onion in their bag
Hands down the best vogue video
She's so honest 🤣
The onion!!! I’m dying 💀
OMG I just adore her so much….so unapologetically herself 😅❤
I don't know who she is, but I love her!
I do like a gusset 😂❤
Unfunny woman in my opinion.
I hate this woman. She is a leftie hypocrite. She is very crude and just altogether unpleasant.
She Is The Most REAL LADY EVER. She Brings Joy To Everyone And Everything She Says. Met Her Once And She Made Me Wet My Knickers And Had To Get To My Room Immediately To Change  I Think She Is Terribly Beautiful And SEXY. ASK HER. ! She Will Tell You
Miriam was on my bucket list and I was lucky enough to meet her 5 years ago. I told her how wonderful  thought she was and that she was a great positive female role model for me growing up.  She is a delightful lady and very humble when receiving praise.
One of a kind😊
I love you Miriam ❤
she is so sincere and true..i just love her.
* Miriam Margolyes' tote bag.
She appeals to a certain type….
what a LEGEND.
this lady is awesome (I searched her up and she’s an actress but I’m not familiar with her work)
I love her
This woman is a treasure…I wanna hang out with her!
I am normally not a fan of MM, but this was funny.
ahahahahahahah is this a skit
Filth! I just adore her. We should all be as relaxed and just have a laugh.
I love her so much
I absolutely ADORE this lady. She gives less than zero fecks what anyone thinks of her and I applaud her for it. A true non-conformist ❤❤❤
I love Miriam! She’s excellent X
She has SO MUCH STUFF in that one small bag 😂😂
Let’s be honest, the onion was the only surprise. I expected everything else that came from that kitchen sink bag 😂😂
Thank you Miriam.. still enjoy your humour and honestly
Just love her... So out spoken... A character... Showing us how to age disgracefully or gracefully depending on your point of view... And if you don't know what your getting yourselves in for when you invite her for an interview shame on you but all the more fun for us... Keep on doing what you do Miriam.❤
This lady is an icon ❤❤
I want to be in her bag!!
Love Miriam she’s a national treasure in England and here in Australia…read her book…just terrific and entertaining….I’ve got big tidbits and knickers too so I can relate to that…I’ve got spinal stenosis too and onions are supposed to be good for arthritis…the late mayor of the Gold Coast had onions everyday for lunch. Love anyone who says it how it is “f” bombs included. ❤️💯🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺
I absolutely love, love, love this woman 💛🙋🏽‍♀️ …and that book is fab 👍🏽It went on holiday to Jamaica with me🏝️😎
Bravo Miriam! I adore people who don’t afraid to be silly ❤😂
I just like you so much😊
I love her!!! Would love to spend an afternoon with her!❤❤❤
I met Miriam once at a book festival and had probably the most honest, interesting (sorry, husband darling), hilarious conversation of my life. The world needs much more Miriam and it would be a place almost worth living in.   P. S. I was delighted to see that the contents of MY bag were very similar, sans onion and book but including spare knickers and tweezers!!
Fabulous!
My God, what a wizard's sleeve that bag was, this lady generally revered as a 'modern English eccentric', her jokes reflect the humor of that nation.
hurrah. finally some authentic content from vogue. who would have thought?
I Adore Radishes!
an absolute icon.
Brilliant, talented and funny, and a gifted actress as well. I personally would have the same items in my bag, but not just the onion, - I would have half a baguette, and some cheese, to make a sandwich!! (only joking, but I love onion in any form, cooked or raw).
😂😂😂😂
Love me some MM ❤
a fookin onion :o
THE CONTINENTAL SHELF
Adorable❤
It's funny the first time you see her, once you watch the documentaries she's made and speak to the people she's worked with It's actually all rather obnoxious, the compulsion to shock, the disregard for other people's comfortability. Odd that she's being featured in Vogue, I suppose she has all the relevant connections....
Absolutely amazing.    Love you deeply!    ❤️❤️❤️❤️😘
THIS is a bag I care for
Best version of "in the bag" EVER her absolute honesty is refreshing ❤
OH MY GAWWWDDD I LOVE THIS WOMAN
Onions, radish, tweezer, doesn't give AF, Spinal Stenosis! I think I found my elder doppleganger across the pond!
she's so real
Love you your the best!💐
Sorry can't stand the woman
Totally agree with her on the disabled key, saved my dignity on several occasions
Великолепна, ❤
Не она ли выращивала мандрагору? 😅😊
Love her! I don't have whiskers but beard pops in now and then!
3:14 I think she just gave me a life lesson, that needs to be my motto 🥺💕 Thanks!
OH MY GODDDD! 💀 🤣😂
And didn't she look posh? I hardly recognised her.
😂 well that was entertaining. Thank you Miriam 😊
Oh I love her so much!!!! 😂❤❤❤❤
Advertisement. Be upfront with title. 👎
She's so cute.
I  have always wondered, thank you for letting me know. Take care
She’s needs a strong gusset, don’t we all Miriam, don’t we all!!!
More mature women🎉🎉🎉🎉
She is a treasure!
I love you, I would love to know the you
I love you! ❤ That genuine,wonderfully funny, refreshingly authentic and what an accent! ❤❤❤
So funny. She thinks about sex quite a lot 😂
Lovely wholesome Lady....A gem!
This was actually the best what's in my bag I've seen. Refreshing and hilarious.
We need someone to make a Discworld series NOW because we need her to be Nanny Ogg. There can be no other. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Vogue,wake up!!!!
The one and only Nanny Ogg. I'd love to see her with Vanessa Redgrave as Granny Weatherwax in an adaptation of Terry Prachett's Witches. The delight!
Women should all be a bit Miriam 😂 love her.
Great actress but likes to embarrass people and can be quite tasteless.
What a charismatic lady! Love her so much
How can anyone just bite into and eat a raw onion 😖😖😖
I just love her! 😂😂😂😂
This is EPIC
if I am like this when im her age i will be happy and content in my life
Love this woman.
I wish she'd go into politics.  She'd be a great prime minister.
“I like a strong gusset.” Dying here😂😂😂🎉
What a woman! Love it!
Vile vile woman
Some people say CHRIST YOU SMELL OF ONION 🤢  And I say yeah 🥰   Hahahaha 😂
Love her
Even if she does ham up her persona, it still has a relation to who she is. And if it paid your bills, I'm sure you also would act up. That said, I think probably what people identify as her being genuine or authentic whatever is the delightful contradiction between her being a "nice old lady" with her plum almost-RP voice and the naughtiness of who she is. It feels fresh or different-- though of course that's no real sign of genuineness. I do love her!
Love MM she's honestly the best and the most hilarious woman.
You made my day, God bless you!
MY HERO 🎉 (it’s me!)
This the MOST realistic “in the bag” I have ever had the pleasure of watching❤❤❤
I adore her
You have to Love Her ❤🏳️‍🌈🥰
She must be a delight to be around...knickers in her handbag, and reeking of onions. the queen must have been overwhelmed No wonder she walked away.
Nobody: Miriam Margolyes: *becomes ungovernable*
I’m sorry but she’s like the old embarrassing aunt.
I love this woman with my soul
my favourite person in the world ❤
I can't think of another person who could pull a snacking onion out of a bag and i would just think, "of course."
I think she’s kiddin us on with the queen. Her Majesty knew exactly who MM is. Can imagine the queen full belly laughing with her. ❤
I literally laughed out loud when she explained her experience meeting the Queen 😂☠️
Onion???  To eat like an apple???  She lost me on that one...😖
I love a strong gusset ;)
She's a legend ❤
This is how to grow older, my role model!
She's absolutely wonderful. I love her. She was great as Professor Sprout.
It's like a naughty aunt who slips you gin
Shrek would love her
..." I like a strong gusset". I busted out laughing.
Not sure why but I BURST out laughing when she said "Can't stand Abba."
I freaking love Miriam Margolyes!!!! She is so real and just so great!!!!😀💞
Where’s her damehood
The continental shelf 😅 3:14 😂😂 ❤️
i love her!!!!
I absolutely adore this women! She should be prescribed on the NHS for depression as she makes you laugh,smile,happy...her humour is so dry! She really is our National treasure...I just wish we could see more of her on television...❤❤😊😊
I love this woman very much!
I love this... Best one ever🤣🧡
Honestly i first discovered Miriam when i watched Romeo and Juliet in 1996 i think she is a very funny lady.
“I like proper piano music: Brahms, Beethoven, Schubert, Mozart… Can’t STAND Abba.”  How delightfully random.
Her partner dyes her knickers navy blue because it’s her favorite color.  That is true love.
This must be my favorite one of these
Just loved this. Miriam is so true to herself; something a lot of others should try!
She is a riot!
I have always adored Miriam Margoyles! Whenever she's on Graham Norton, I can't click on fast enough. And now that I've turned middle-age, I find myself adoring her even more. Her candor about  growing older resonates with me. I carry a spare pair of pants too! 😅😅😅 I love you, Miriam Escobar! (Like I said, look her Graham Norton interview. You'll get it.)
I normally skip these but this is the best video EVERY! I am a disabled 46 year old woman and I started ticking off the things she has that I have started keeping in my bag already...The Onion though...good god I love this woman. 💙 SO fecking funny. "I like to smell fresh...I don't always" ...that's the onions lady :D
Honestly as soon as I reached 30 the chin hairs came out of nowhere. Gotta keep those tweezers on you at all times.
Be my grandma please
I feel like she could be mr.bean’s mother
Talk about an absolute legend. I love this woman. 😂😂
I think this is probably the most realistic what's in my bag.😂
😂😂😂😂 love you!!!! ❤
💕 love her
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I can't stand Abba, just made me love her even more 😅
Am I the only person in the UK that thinks she's really irritating?
CONTINENTAL SHELF 😂😂😂😭😭😭
The realest whats in my bag ever
She is an icon and she knows that, love her
She is just iconic
Simply the best!!!
I love this woman!!
She is repulsive.
She Carrie's around her own autobiography 😂. Good plug there
Love Miriam! She is so funny!
She must have a fortune by now, she’ll do any work
Loved watching this - Thank you Miriam ❤💗❤️  Saved my knickers, time are time! 😂... She is a national treasure
I love her so much ❤
I love her so much ...she's bright ... intelligent...vibrant ... extremely funny ...honest ...and just so exciting to listen to ...   And so alive🎉🎉😂😂❤
We need this we need this 😂
We love a strong gusset 😂
Finally a real human😊
She's the best 😂❤
She’s the most delightfully unhinged and iconic person ever. The amount of joy and laughter she brought to my life since discovering her is ummachend 😂
Hilarious! Talented,  candid, unique! Love her!
Best one so far!
Very funny lady , Miriam has a lovely voice could listen to her for hours. Nice lady ❤❤
This is brilliant, thank you vogue
Queen. Icon.
6:00 I like wild bluebell most 😌
Well it’s obvious everyone should have a onion 🧅 and 🩲 in their handbag 👜 lol 😂
I havé the same whisker tweezers!
Она прекрасна ❤ шикарная актриса ❤❤❤❤ Казахстан 🇰🇿 любит вас Мириам.
STOP THERE..!!! 😳😍🙄  If There Was A ‘VOGUE OSCAR’ For The Best Performance In  A Fashion Mini-Series…  Then Without A Doubt Miriam Morgolyes Would Win It Hands Down For Her Starring Role In WIMB…  Chomping On An Onion - “I Prefer A White Onion Because It Has More Bite” 😂😂😂 The Continental Shelf - “ The Napkin I Think I Stole It From A Airline” 😂😂😂  let’s Not Forget Her Dyed Blue Knickers - “The Gusset Most Important, I Like A Strong Gusset - And If You Want To Know The Size It’s 52 to 54 cm And It Covers Everything” 😂😂😂  And MUCH MORE..!!!  Love it…  😍👍😍
😂😂😂😂 Excellent. Fan of her and fan of British sensibilities and humor. 🤙😂😃😍
One of the best!! Simply adore her & her work. A treasure
Finally someone real! Love her ❤❤
This just made my day ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️I love love Miriam 💎💎💎💎💎
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️💖💖💖❤️❤️💖💖💎💎💖💖💖❤️🙌🏻🙌🏻💖💎💎💖🙌🏻🙌🏻❤️💖💖💎💖🙌🏻❤️❤️🙌🏻💖💖
Just adorable! 🥰🥰🥰
Unapologetically honest and we absolutely love her for it! And naturally funny
Brilliant 💙💙
I am so in love with Miriam. She is just the most magical human being <3
I just love love love her. The world is a better place because Miriam is a part of it. ❤
So...am I the only one who remembers her passing away like a year or so ago? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
This was so much fun. I loved it. Way to go Vogue!
She is an incredibly rude and obnoxious person in reality
ICONIC
She’s an icon. She’s the moment. She is everything
LOVE HER ❤
BEST video EVER !!
I just adore this beautiful woman.   Amazing character 💕
Vogue. Bravo 👏  thank you for this guest choice FINALLY someone original (coming from a GenZ btw)
I want to be her when I grow up
Well no wonder Miriam's got Australian citizenship now, probably saw Tony Abbott having a go with an onion and thought it was high time she signed up.
She is such a character!
I love and adore her!😍💙
Awful😢
THIS VIDEO MADE ME SO HAPPY !!!!
If I cant be like this when I m her age, I dont wanna live😂
And again, I wet myself by watching a Miriam-Video...should have brought Xtra Knickers myself.. Thanks so much, Miriam. Like you very much.
AND she really is the best teller of stories in the world. Her audiobook of “Bleak House” by Dickens is 42 hours of pure joy 😍.
This is one of the best ones ever!
Always carries an onion…OMG she is hilarious 🤣
So effing brilliant 😊
Quite simply the best 'In the bag' ever. all hail the Margolyes!
If was to carry an onion I would have it in a bag not a napkin.  I love that her partner dyes her underwear navy, her favorite color.
Good God this woman deserves to be Queen of everything - whenever I watch her, everything makes sense in the world.
Absolute bloody legend
She is ICONIC in her own ways and I wish more people were as easy going as she is ❤
Best one yet
Unfiltered and authentic in the bag episode! Love her sassy attitude!
Best what's in my bag ever
There you are!  So happy to see this video. You truly are a priceless woman!
I too have a continental shelf, oh Miriam 😆🖤
what a shame (((
Just love you and your honesty.,and off course you make us laugh!😆❤
Lovely video Miriam.  So interesting to know what's in your bag!! Always enjoy your programmes. Take care.
Love you Miriam
The best In my bag ever, everything I’ll be carrying when I’m older for sure, bring back the norm thanks Miriam never change
BRILLIANT. This is real life! A real woman! Tweezers and knickers. She’s my new idol.
Good on her for plugging her book!  I can recommend it!
So true about tweezers, when I had to flee from war I was so delighted to find them in my handbag
This is the most exciting “what’s in my bag” video I’ve ever seen!! 😂❤
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS ❤
100% goals, literally the most authentic incredible woman ❤❤❤❤
Oh Miriam😅 CBeebies have a little programme called  whats in my bag? I don't think they would accept you're offering 😂 But you're nothing but honest 🤗
I Know her as the girl who d rather have a radish 😂
Best ever episode; unbeatable!
My FAVORITE what's in my bag!
We love you Miriam!
To me this is the definition of a real woman. She is honest, authentic, smart, funny and beautiful. Nothing fake about her. Just adore her!
First one of these I’ve watched and only because it was Miriam, she cracks me up and didn’t disappoint.
Finally an interesting one!! ❤
A national treasure!
such a fun lady and an amazing actress she just makes you smile
Never thought I would see someone have a half eaten onion in their bag for later. I’m with her on abba can’t stand their music either it’s annoying 😂
I carried an onion in my bag, which was the style at the time.
Oh Myriam is always herself no matter what the world thinks.  She is utterly heavenly and divine. 🥰
The best Spanish Infanta there will ever be.
I've never liked her
LOVE IT
Oh bless you Miriam, with your endless witty charm, your navy blue knickers, gorgeous continental shelf and marvellous array of things.
I adore this woman ❤❤❤❤
I couldn’t agree more with the disabled parking/sticker/placard. It’s rude and not very nice to take a spot not meant for you.
and then she pulled out the ONION!!! iconic <3
Love love love miriam ❤
Love her, so funny, so interesting and warm. Loved here in Miss Fisher ❤
Come on own up- who else carries navy blue knickers and an onion in their bags
My 86 year old aunt has a setup pretty much exactly like this (minus the raw onion! 😂). I love how real she is ❤
she is a miracle
She’s so real.
The best and the most realistic "What's in my bag" video. Love it🙂
I cannot express how much I loved this In the Bag <3
this is GOLLLD 😍
Love her SO much. Genuinely just HERSELF!
My favorite one yet! Love Miriam!
OMG, I love her. I laughed so hard throughout the whole video. She's so honest! LOL, I wanna be her when I grow up! 🤣
Girl, you make me wet my knickers!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
What a relief to watch a woman who has lived a few good decades instead of the usual tadpoles that Vogue normally has on. Brilliant.
04:38 "Don't do it!"  She proceeds to throw a mandrake over your head ♥ haha
Profesora Sprooooooooooooooooooooout ♥ I love her so much! Amazing actress and sweet woman!
British Vogue, please call Julian Clary, I love him as I love Miriam ♥
Imagine she would be queen of England the most loved woman ever 🙏 ❤️
Miriam brings pure joy - every time! My favourite 'In the bag' ever. (I also carry a spare pair in the bag)
the most interesting video in this channel
I love her. 😁❤️
She’s amazing! I could watch and listen to her all day 😂♥️
This lady is a legend ❤
Miriam is so precious, the most funny and honest person. If the world had more Miriam’s the world would be a better place ❤
She is amazing. Love her so much! ❤
This is a advert for her book obviously, has she not read the book she wrote.
a strong gusset.
THANK YOU for having her on!! <3
Blunt as a spoon
She is a wonderful person..thank you for sharing the information, inspires me to have lipstick too ❤
Fabulous Lady who is always unashamedly herself.
I need her on the white lotus
What a wonderful human ,,, I would love to meet her , what a laugh she is
What a breathe of fresh air Miriam Margolyes is…☺️ just being herself and so Naturally  funny…only she could make carrying an onion so appealing 😂❤️
Had the pleasure of meeting her in London years ago, in the lobby of some hotel in Mayfair, and she was a delight - same as she is here. Had a quick chat with her and she was a bucket full of joy. Such a treasure!
This is everything I didn't know I needed to watch.
OMG. So glad to see her doing well. Love her so much.
I thought I saw her in town today haha😂❤
Didn't think I needed this before bed... 😅😅😅 Might need a house tour next😂😂
Spare pair of clean knickers - been there, done that 😂😂
Made my day🎉
I LOVE HER
Best one so far ❤😂
Okay.  Where does one get the disabled loo key from, please?  I, too, need to save more knickers!
What a cute lady!!!! We don’t know if her where I live but I’m so glad I bumped into this video cause I’m going watch everything she’s in from now. How adorable 🥰
She's such a lively and funny lady, I'm randomly reminded of Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy - "it's a tough universe out there, you've got to know where your towel is" or in her case your onion 😀
Extra pair of knickers in case you meet Laurence Olivier
Shes carrying an onion in her bag shrek would be proud
She is Mother Earth! ❤
hahahahahahahahahah
ICON ❤️
I absolutely believe that everything in her bag (apart fromm the book) she showed, is REALLY what is in her bag daily.  Brilliant woman ❤
that's not navy blue. it's petrol
Love Her!!  But… I dunno about carrying, and eating an Onion 🧅!!!????   I’m perplexed
❤
Wow! Miriam looks so fresh and beautiful here!
She’s priceless ❤
Stumbled across this video.  I love her!!  Now I have to get her book.
Isn't she just totally and utterly wonderful! More please.
I've loved Miriam Margolyes since listening to her narrate Bleak House by Charles Dicken's on audiable. And like Miriam, I too have fallen in love with Charles Dicken's writing! Miriam you are intelligent, interesting and so funny! 😂 x 😚
This is epic !!
This is the most EPIC In the Bag episode of ALL TIME! She's a legend!
lol she's so crass but sounds so polite
Wow this is the best what’s in my bag I’ve ever watched
what a fantastic lady
I love her!! Lost it when she pulled out an onion 🤣🤣🤣 I also love onion and can't stand Abba!   Every sentence is hilarious and witty ❤️
This has to be the best "in the bag" 😂
I just love her so much!!! 🤍
Outrageous for the sake of it, farting on camera etc. no need for it.
Omg I love her lol. She's so real.
SHE’S DELIGHTFUL ❤️
How can you not adore Miriam, she's everything I think we'd all love to be at her age... just herself, hilariously funny and brutally honest.  Bravo Vogue for managing to persuade her to do this!
Love this!  Imagine "WIMB" with Judy Dench or Maggie Smith 😱
♥️🤣
I've watched a lot of these. This is the BEST and most relatable. Miriam is GOAT.
OH MY GOD I LOVE HER SO MUCH
ICON 😭💕💅🏻
Even before I press play, I know this is going to be my favourite episode. F**king cracking guest, Vogue! 😂
Queen 🙌🏽 she is my sister woman. I cant stand ABBA either 😊
I love how Miriam isn’t afraid to make fun of herself. I want her to be my granny. Also, everything navy blue is the ultimate sign of a lesbian
I love this woman...
Best guest ever. 😂
I love so much. I wish that more women were as honest as her. It’s all so close to home. Her honesty is comforting and hilarious ❤
I love you miriam
best In the Bag video ever!!!!
First realistic epsiode in this series... 🎀 Or any vogue-series...🤔
She just makes me smile !!!!
Finally a real bag filled with the actual items one needs and uses instead of a glamourised version. How lovely!
I didn’t realise it’s 7 mins at all
“I like a strong gusset” - I’m screaming 😂 She’s incredible ❤  Edit: the onion hahahaha I can’t stop laughing 😂
Professor Sprout ❤❤❤❤❤
💕👏👏💕
I want a partner who dyes my underwear’s 🥹🥹🥹
What a legend
I just love her!  I think she's more fun as herself than as any character she's played. LOL!
The best ever !!!
lost it when she pulled out her knickers
Oh Miriam!!! We just adore you!!!
What a lovely Lady 🥰
Miriam and I use the same cologne!!!
Naturalidad y alegría. Dones que le faltan a mucha gente.
THE BEST EVER ❤
funny.it's so natural for miriam margolyes to have a pair of spare knickers in her bag. wouldn't expect anything less from her.
Lovely lady ☺️
Screamed audibly when I saw the thumbnail - this is the Miriam showpiece we've been waiting for, the Miriam showpiece we deserve !!
She’s great!😂😂😂
I can’t wait for the other Dames to try out this format of video.
An icon, a legend and she is the moment. Now come on now ———  Also, great video for Pride Month 🌈
That was loud 💨
Omg that was awesome
😂😂😂 This is the best …bag…thing I’ve seen 👏🏽
Best in my bag EVER! 😂❤
What an ICON
Love her ❤️
While moderately amusing, Miriam is an abomination of humanity
She is the main reason I am proud to be a Hufflepuff! ❤
I want to be her 😂❤
She is so genuine and unique. I love how there's no frills and fancies, you get what you get and tough if you don't like it.
best one i’ve watched!!
The best, "what's in my bag" to date. She's so much more interesting and entertaining than other people.
I hope I'm this fun in my 80s.
"Can't stand ABBA" like they are a current fad haha
People admire her for being outspoken but that's pretty easy when you are an untouchable elderly g@y female and you simply tow the line for the establishment and radical left wing media. She would be wiped out without a trace if she were a straight white male saying things about women similar to what she says about men
omg best in the bag episode yet!
just love her
"I think I stole it" 😂😂😂😂
Most refreshing whats in my bag
I thought I could not be surprised with her after all those Graham Norton interviews…  I am now …  And I just LOVE her ❤
Wonderful woman... just wonderful.
I LOVE HER! But ditch the tweezers get a finishing touch flawless! Ok don’t ditch the tweezers finishing touch doesn’t get them all…
She is an ICON.
I just love this and Miriam!
🤡
I love her!!
I wonder if she will ever be made a Dame
Oh the beloved RADAR key! invaluable!
National treasure. Must protect at all costs.
The best and honest one ever 😂🎉❤
The real honest what’s in my bag 😅😅💕💕
I cannot stop watching 🥰 every word is gold and every phrase is a slogan. Also thumbs up for "Do not park in disabled spaces. If you have no right to do it - don't bloody do it!" 💖
Thank god. It's about time x
Give me this woman any day over an Instagram influencer or model
She's too awesome for words :D
Good lord, what a delight! How I wish I could spend a day with her! If only to learn the tricks of just being your bloody self. I do believe the phrase "no filter" was invented just for Miriam. What a gem❤
I absolutely love Miriam. I listened to her audio book for 17 hours in about four sittings, I laughed, shed a tear, got angry at her, laughed again, agreed and disagreed with her statements and ultimately fell in love with her and her story. She's a delight.
I do love her 😂
This is so cringe.
😂😂 these are my knickers!! Oh lordy I needed that laugh. Good on you Miriam 😂😂
BRILLIANT
What a pleasure, this was fun! British vogue is going down the right path
Thanq for the video  Did you know that there's  a big fine if people  loan your blue badge, I know cos I've got one & it's in the rule book. Leeds city council  charge £2:00  for those keys. That's what I paid Years ago.
OH  MY   GOSH!!!  I am living for this. I adore her.
Amazing Vogue cover choice, well done Vogue.
this is mad. i love it
Lovely person. So warm, honest and delightful.
Ah Miriam! One of our national treasures. What a joy to see her “in” Vogue 👏❤️
Now THIS is the only "what's in my bag" I give a f*ck about! What a treasure.
I love her so much ❤🥰🏳️‍🌈
Who is this hilarious and sweet lady? She's extraordinary!
Did I just watch this video twice in a row? Yep. No regrets
I literally love her!
She’s the best
Looking gorgeous. Wonderful colours. Beautiful hair and makeup and funny as usual 🤗
Wow! This one was my favorite thus far. So real!
Granny is pervert
One second in and she doesn’t disappoint 😂😂😂
OK, my new favorite video of all time. Models eat your hearts out!
I love this woman.
Best video ever!! Well done Vogue!!!❤❤❤
Bless her heart, this is absolutely lovely. A fabulous woman aging gracefully carrying the type of things that I carry in my handbag - a book, a snack, some little makeupy bits in a zip-lock bag and a spare pair of knickers. I love this - please do more of these!
I’ve never related to a video more! 😂
❤❤❤❣️❣️❣️
Always Quintasessionally Nanny Ogg😊
I love Miriam, what an absolute icon she is
Obsessed. ❤
“First thing I’m going to take out might surprise you”  MIGHT?!
A living legend
Thank the lord for the OFF button! Dreadful women.
Pure joy watching this 🤍 bravo vogue xx
BEST OLD BAG EVAH.
The onion and pants, what a brilliant woman!❤
I was having a really bad day and open YouTube to see this pop up and my day is so much better! Love you Miriam so much! ❤
Her autibiography is a fantastic read.  A real tribute to her long life and the people and places she has loved (and, sometimes, "loathed" 😄 ).
The fact she has an onion and spare pants in her bag makes me love her even more 😂
What a woman. Can’t stop laughing ❤
Are you even British if you don’t have a story about meeting Her Majesty?😂😂😂😂
I love you Miriam
I love her! Just brilliant 🤩
Absolute best 😂❤
They left out the best part where the Queen told Miriam to shut up 😂😂
Oh my😂. I am in love with her.😍❤
such a treasure 🫶
First Louis Theroux, and now Miriam. How delightful 🤗🤗🤗 So practical and amusing. ❤
Miriam Marvelous 🤗🌶
Only Miriam could do a 'Vogue' presentation they way she always does....'completely 'in character... has her 'natural' self.".
Tried everywhere for the TABU breath sweeteners, but no hope!  ANYONE who knows where I can buy them from PLEASE let me know,  I would be eternally grateful! JUNE COVENTRY UK X
I bloody love that woman! I love how correctly she speaks but she's so normal, verging on utter filth. A fantastically real woman, with a real handbag!
I love her!
Carrying an onion round in your bag is true eccentricity......... I love it 🙏
Can someone *please* make a GIF of “I can't stand Abba!” 😂😂
Gosh so funny but so cute ❤
This is what we have all been waiting for ❤
I just love her whole vibe! ❤✨💐🫶🏻
Oh I absolutely love her!!!!!!!! 🥰✨♥️🙌🏼
I don't like her she seems a.nasty piece of work.sometimes.?
God Save Miriam Margolyes
Lady your bag ist brilliant like your vogue cover. Stay healthy and enjoy every day.❤‍🔥
The best one thus far
[onion crunching]
She’s amazing and I love her
Hands down my favourite In the Bag episode ever - Miriam is a national treasure and it's great to see a "normal" bag instead of a bag full of curated designer items!
Best. “In the bag” episode. Ever!
Such an amazing lady, chuckled all the way through
This is one of the best things I have EVER seen!
"I don't have any  beauty  habits I have tweezers "🙃   A wise women - Miriam Margolyes
😂❤😂❤😂❤
What a delight!!!! LOVE her!!
Continental shelf 😂
And no crystals 😂
She is fabulous! 🌟
I love this woman she's  a hoot!
A normal person yay.
OMG! Miriam and I own the same tweezers!
Our Hufflepuff Queen
Finally someone normal!! I’m over seeing the rich nepo babies show us their 100$ moisturiser which is probably a product placement… Miriam is hilarious and REAL 😝❤️
The best one of this series so far!
She's the female version of Lewis Capaldi!!
I have tweezers. And I'm over 35.
Love her so much!!!
I LOVE this. Miriam's such a treasure.
Loooove her
Best 7 minutes of my life!!!😂❤
She is lovely!
Love her! I think this is one of the most real what's in my bag video.
What can we say about Miriam. National treasure. Icon. What's still missing in her long list of portfolio would be a bloddy damehood!!! Way overdue. Nonetheless, thank you British Vogue for featuring our beloved Qween. Yet another brilliant reason for my monthly subscription to British Vogue instead of the one in the US.
😂😂😂
I like her, 😂
❤ This is as real as it can get.
The best!❤
Miriam you are an absolute gem. I read her biography years ago and every page made you laugh.
The way I've been cry-laughing this whole video! Such a legend and treasure :)
This was fabulous
Love her. I have a tshirt of her, and her book. When she passes, it will hurt me so bad.
I LOVE LOVE MIRIAM ❤️  I can't wait to see miriam live x
One of the best "interviews" ever!
It’s so refreshing to not see an overpriced unused looking designer bag filled with promotional items. That whole brand partnership thing was getting so tired.
how adorable is she!!  she has no filter whatsoever.   it's quite refreshing
I want her to be my grandma
Thankyou vogue. I needed this
Perfection
This is like the middle finger to all other lame " What's in my bag", that I really don't care. But I love this one, lol I thought I saw a nicker in the thumbnail.
she needs to be my nan immediately
The Legend ❤
Freaking LEGEND. ❤
this lady is bloody cool and hilarious!👏👏👏👏👏
“I don’t have beauty habits. I have tweezers.” LEGEND
Bloody wonderful she is.
Best. In the Bag. Ever. ❤
Edward!!! I love you for choosing Miriam for this issue!!
And just when you think you couldn't love her anymore than you already do...... ❤
One of the most unhinged videos i've ever seen on the internet
This is the BEST what’s in my bag I’ve ever seen
I snorted laughing too many times watching this 😂
She is everything!!!!
One of the few that seemed like it's actually what's in her bag!  LOVE.
Me, a 25 year old disabled badge holder, still scared to park in a disabled parking space even though I have the right 🤦
What a great addition?! More older people please! The honesty, humour, and devil may care attitude! 🤩
I just love her to bits
I cannot stress this enough: THANK YOU FOR THIS. Please get Helena Bonham Carter also!
This was so refreshing. I love her.
This was the best one by far
I love her so much 😍🥰❤
The BEST episode EVER! I love Miriam Margolyes!
My absolute favorite In the Bag guest.
Love how real she always is. She must be a joy at dinner parties 😂
An absolute treasure! This was so delightful to watch. Miriam is so honest and upfront that it's never boring.
What a gem!
Best 'In the bag' EVER
No radishes?
best in the bag EVER! it’s real. not cleaned out. sponsored. a true human being has that same bag. minus the onion lol
the onion bit, hahahaha I love her
Vogue coming in with one of the best thumbnails of one of the best celebrities.
So far my favourite one I watched, keeping it real and she’s funny too! 😂
Honestly curious what brand those knickers are lol
her meeting with the queen! oh my goodness! very miriam.😂🥰
I feel like shes the only who who didn't fake what is actually in her bag
This is life.
This is so real.
From now every person on a British Vogue video must be required to parp at the start. 🌬
She’s so real for this
Monkey pox more entertaining
I thought we couldn't get any more involved than the knickers and then the half eaten onion came out! Brilliant!
The best one yet!
I can’t even find words for the level of love I have for this woman! She’s a true national treasure!!!
‘I don’t have a beauty regime… I have tweezers…’ - she is just the most delightful human being. The most refreshing thing I’ve watched in ages!
She won't be happy you've hashtagged Harry Potter! Didn't you read her book haha!
This was amazing
The best  'tote bag ' session ever . Just like her it's interesting.
Not the ABBA slander 😂😢
Best one yet. We love MM! ❤
I lost it when she took out that onion hahah
She is such a treasure
Finally, a very believable “what’s in my bag” !
Miriam Margolyes is a national treasure!!   Seven minutes of pure chuckles!! Delightful!!
Brilliant! I enjoyed every second of this video!
I would DIE FOR THIS WOMAN
I loooove her❤
I could watch Miriam all day. WHat a wonderful woman and I really pity the Queen for not knowing that.
please, she is the most iconic woman on earth
Well that was just the most delightful thing ever!
by far the best “in my bag” episode ever! 🤗🥰
Only Miriam can get away with farting talking sexual innuendos & big knickers on British vogue. Read her book loved it. Her meeting the queen story is hilarious 😂
“The continental shelf” I love this woman 😂😂  “Heather, my darling partner” 🥺
We need more “whats in my bag” from mature women. This is everything ❤
Who is she? California??
Come for Miriam, stay and chortle at the 'gusset'😃😃😃😃😃
LOVE YOU DAME MIRIAM MARGOLYES !!! MANY HUGS FROM BRAZIL!😂😘
I love you!!!!
We need the full video!! ❤
I pulled all the blinds down, made a cup of tea, fed the cat so she doesn't interrupt me, and sat in a comfy robe to watch this.   Miriam is a treasure of the universe.
I love how genuine she is. I wish all "what's in my bag" invitees would learn from the GOAT.
OMG, she is just deliciousness.  So charmingly naughty!! I love her.  Thank you Vogue for covering someone that is interesting and so unique!  Watching 20-something models put on their makeup and talk about anti-aging products is such a yawn.  More of this!!!! Please!!!
Ahw that was just so sweet and unexpected from Vogue. Thank you for inviting her.
best one yet, EVER. it cannot get better than this.
This is what Gwyneth Paltrow REALLY carries in her bag.
she's so  POSH !!!!
i thought louis’ bag/video was brilliant, but then it got the best it could possibly get!!!!!
I want this ma'am to be my granny✨✨👏👏
Oh god, this was divine ✨️
The best one lv ever watched 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅
I love Ms Mariam, she was hilarious in I Love You To Death
this was cute
She is THE icon
I love Miriam.
her IDGAF mode is so refreshing!
Now this is the What's in my bag we all needed! Absolutely loved this episode!
the continental shelf 😭😭
She’ll always be Grandma Rosie to me
absolute legend
Miriam looks lovely ❤
She’s hilarious 😂
She’s brilliant so down to earth love every minute of her narrative.
When she bit that onion, omg I love
I LOVE YOU MIRIAM
Well done, British Vogue! How about Judi Dench, Julie Andrews, and Maggie Smith next?
hilarious & brilliant :)
She hilarious 😂 love her
She is iconic
ICONIC!
i think i stole it from an airline.. yes miriam we are all thieves!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh my goodness this is BRILLIANT. Such a good one. Please do more people like her pleaseeee
The onion 😂
she’s perfect
WHAT 😭😭😭
icon!!!
She’s everything ❤️❤️❤️❤️
How can anyone not love her!
this was absolutely amazing ! a true pleasure
I love this woman❤❤❤
i wish to be her when i grow up
This made my whole life
Absolutely hilarious. As she was taking about the continental shelf the same thing happened to me !!! Get me an airline napkin asap
I bloody love this woman!
MIRIAM HIVE RISE
Krása 👏👏👏👏
Adored this ❤😅😂
Typical Miriam, insulting ABBA for no apparent reason... lol
This is Majorrr! Miriam is an absolute Queen 👑
Real ❤
i love miriam so much. i want to be her when i grow up
A stad-up I didn't know I needed.
More of this content please! She's a treasure.
Hahaha legend 😎
Best one yet!!!!!
"I don't have beauty habits.... I have tweezers." I want this on my tombstone
love it!
she is brilliant!!!
my favourite “in the bag” ever 😭 next to alexa chung’s hehee
Best one yet!
Beauty habits: 🚫  Tweezers: ✅️
This is joyous
what a riot! chuckled the whole way through. Miriam is such a great reminder to be fiercely unapologetic and always true yourself (even when you meet Her Majesty lol)
Bless her but she's just so gassy all the time. Something's going on there. I guess we have the answer, onions.
loooooooooove her
Lord, I love her!!!
i love her
I just ADORE her. I don't think she's trying to be funny, she's just so unapologetically herself.
Excelente...una de las mejores que je visto
Absolutely incredible!!! ❤ She’s so real, so lovable, so wholesome
Maravillosa.... gracias por dejar ver tu bolso.... gracias, gracias
Miriam is marvelous!
Miriam Margolyes is honestly one of my most favorite people in the world, she is brilliant! She is hilarious and has done some pretty outstanding work in Acting and Arts, would have been more fantastic if they can make her a Dame one day. Much Love
I LOVE HER!!!!😂
This woman is a national treasure hahaha
This is marvelously unhinged! What a treasure, what a delight. MORE OF THIS.
I just ❤ her!
Miriam😆🧅😂, she's so funny', she's a darling❤️.
Ok Navy blue queen
In the first 3.6!!!  💅💅💅
Dear Lord... hilarious. Incredible.  ”Can't stand Abba”???😢 British intelligence and humour is amazing
I love her and the stories she tells! ❤️ Miriam wearing a tote bag makes me feel better about wearing it myself instead of a handbag.
her interviews are the best
"And sometimes people say 'ChRiST you smell of ONION!', and I say yeah 😌"   😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I felt like I was watching my late nan go through her bag. Miss her so much, Miriam is the closest I’ll ever get to her again!! Love them both 💓💓💓
Sooo cuteee grandma vibes
So good 😂😂
LOVE 🤣
" I like a strong gusset". She's brilliant. I never usually watch these, but I knew she'd be entertaining.
OK first Louis Theroux and now Miriam Margolye's? Seriously whoever has killed the CEO at Vogue I salute you - these recent selections are impeccable - keep them coming!
Easily the greatest what's in my bag video on the internet!
Best "What is in my bag" so far!
This has really made my day
Loved this so much
LOVED THIS!!!!!!!!!!
Oh my do I know the lowkey anger regarding disabled parking spaces and the blue badge value. She's vsry honest.
Best one yet. Definitely.
Now that is what I have been waiting to see. A true one!
The best "In the Bag" ...!!! love her!!!
She once sat in front of me at the national theater and it was an honor❤❤❤
This is EVERYTHING I needed!🤩  Hats off to British Vogue! 😅 The Perfect Pride Present! 😘👌🏽
The best 😄❤️
I like a strong gusset 😂 same girl, same. Miriam is a treasure this is the best what’s in my bag yet
She is pure delight, interesting enchanting as always ❤❤
beautiful leather bag
This is me in 30-40 years 😆
3:38 MAC lipsticks! 🤡❗️
D R E A M S  COME TRUE
7 minutes of pure laughter 😂 thank you Miriam we love you ❤
A year or so I followed Miriam on Twitter thinking we were going to be besties!  My older sister had to bring me back to earth saying "I don't think she really cares about Twitter?"  So here I am, being happily parasocially friends with this amazing person.
Love her
God, I love her so much
4:32 to Kendall Jenner
Not the usual “What’s in my Bag”……..much better!
She's hilarious 😅. Love her. ❤
Best one yet
