FYI. You have NJ Commerical plates but your business name is not displayed on the vehicle. NJSP can use this to pull you over. Under New Jersey Motor Vehicle Code (N.J.S.A. 39:4-46), vehicles used for commercial purposes—including those with commercial registration plates prefixed with "X"—must prominently display the owner's, lessee's, or lessor's name (and typically the municipality of their principal place of business) on the vehicle itself or via an affixed name plate.
Why don't the Lucid & Rivian etc dealers make a NACS female to CCS Male with a 5 - 6 foot chord that we can buy and bring with us to the Tesla charger stations. That way we can back in like a Tesla, plugging in (left front) and not have to disrupt ~ ??  I drive a Lucid and am a little excited that I can drive from Los Angeles to Seattle to visit my daughter _
Perhaps it would be better if the F150 lid would open upwards.
It's such an embarrassing pain in the butt
This was cool to see 2 years ago and then hearing that Rivian will update the cars to have ports on the same side as a tesla so they charge easier is interesting. Also, the chances that a Rivian, Lucid, and Ford F-150 lightning are all there at the same time is crazy lol
Marques Brownlee’s take on Tesla Superchargers not playing nice with a Rivian R1T feels off. Superchargers are made for Tesla’s NACS plug and back-left port—Rivian’s front-left CCS setup just doesn’t line up. That’s not Tesla’s problem; it’s how other cars roll. Letting non-Teslas charge is already a cool extra, not something they owed us. Marques should just break it down like that instead of making it sound like Tesla’s screwing up over a short cable. 💁
State of charge sent me here lol. Love the collab
They're just gonna have to come up with a charger adapter/extension combo
I am so happy that everybody in Europe uses the same connector for EV's
Heard if the non-tesla with the "wrong side" charger parks at an angle, the adjacent chargers will still be accessible for other teslas to charge.
So all I am hearing is that Ford is idiotic for not foreseeing that it needed to put its charge port in the same location as the tesla, E.G. front right, or back left.  Not all car manufacturers are intelligent. 🥹😅🤷🏾‍♂️
The etiquette is.... Teslas go first 😀
A longer cable would do the trick.
UK none Tesla EV driver here.  Seems like there are a lot more "open to all" Tesla chargers over here than you have in the US.  I used one yesterday for the first time and I have to say the charge cable was much longer than the one in your video,  my charge port is located back right just behind the passenger door of the vehicle (where the normal petrol filler is) and it reached fine.
Can you use a Tesla extension cord ?
30-85 percent for $30. Wow. Almost the same $ for filling a gas tank
Or just get a Tesla and avoid these whole issue.
How do you before you go  to a Tesla charger if it is compatible?
The fact that it opened up in Africa, it’s pretty funny. I think Tesla or Elon musty was trolling.you
Tesla tells you to park in the middle and take up both parking spots
Aweosome State of Charge colab!
Great post, a lot to think about, I have a Toyota BZ, front drivers side charging
Tesla is most likely only opening up at low volume areas
Really like your posts
The issue is the way that charging for opens, it wastes maybe 5 inches of length
markees
ofc Tesla is the biggest player in the EV game as of now. With by far the biggest charging network. Why doesn't smaller EV cars manufacturers adapt their charging port location to fit with the biggest charging network in the world?. For me its like putting the gas refill plug on the roof for gas cars...
I don’t know why it defaulted to Africa 🤣
One thing for me is if they made a chadamo adapter be good  why is he claiming to be with u in a video as if he planned it. Its odd the way manfactures cant agree on common charge port side on cars
Holy shit $30 bucks!?!? 😮
In that case, there are essentially two types of cars, Toyotas and Non-Toyotas !
So 1 Rivian can potentially block 2 chargers. This is really bad for Tesla owners. Rivian should offer an extension cable or some other solution.
Taking a Rivian to the Tesla charging station is nothing new. I am considering buying a EV Hummer and getting the adapter to charge at the Tesla charging station. Non Tesla car that go to the charging station will pay a $12 subscription fee to charge which not bad  what about a Ford F-150 being charged at the Tesla station. I would post a photo of Ford F150 being charged at the Tesla. If you cannot obtain the adapter from Ford or Rivian then a person can buy the adapter for $197 online to charge your Ford or Rivian
It’s really refreshing to see how nice Tesla is playing with other car companies. Far cry from Tech companies usually interact.
So why not sell an extension cable for the non Tesla cars? - The non Tesla drivers could carry it with them to allow either side charging.
Great Video!
Youu were in my neck of the woods! Shoulda cut over to Wappingers and hit up the Red Line diner there!  Love your stuff bro! Keep killing it.
I’m tired of teslas hogging up all non-tesla public chargers. I couldn’t give a s**t if tesla drivers are inconvenienced by this temporary test.
I wasn't convinced at first, but watching how I blasted all over the "place" in less than a month was shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and although it actually took about 5 weeks for my volume to double, I just go'ogled Jan Venstaker's Shooting Ropes and her reaction has been priceless!
I am having a problem finding the option to charge my non Tesla EV
Quick fix, change length of cable. Your welcome.
30 minutes not even get a full charge is crazy to me. 4 minutes and a gas SUV gets 300+ miles of range. It's not convenient.
sub count now: 999.000
to just make the cable a bit longer would probably be to much to ask lol
I dont like the Idea of needing an app to do this
this is not a regular people problem you understand that RIGHT...but proud of you tho
did it default to Africa because its the cradle of humanity or because its the cradle of cobalt?
perfect unscripted moments.
Short cables seem to be a thing with companies like Apple and Tesla,, run by narcissistic people.
I just use my 115V charging cable when I'm parked at a hotel to charge my Prius. If I'm lucky enough to find a Tesla charger, I use an adapter, which works find.
Unelected beaurocrats plotting to take away my ICE car. Will never happen.
They should make an extension cord 👏
remove the power flap :)
have the charge door open the opposite direction or be removable
I wish we had some where I live in pasco
That's interesting. :)
The solution is that everybody takes portable charging cables.
Chargers is optimized - Rivian chargers port is not- How many gasoline cars in past 60 years have  fuel port in front 😢
Wow. EV adventures.  TY.
Philosophically, I have no issue with EVs but when have you ever had to go to a different gas station because of this kind of crap?
This make sense if the non tesla people pay a premium for Tesla to subsidize for their own people
Thank you for showing the app. and explain it as we would use with non-tesla cars. Great video
make the cables longer but keep build it with good quality so that you still get the same current going through and dissipated heat.
make the cables longer but keep build it with good quality so that you still get the same current going through and dissipated heat.
this is like Apple, you need a different cable/adapter to charge your non-Tesla car when all EV makers all use J1772 connector
thanks so much for sharing. I'm considering an EQE Mercedes, which also can charge on Tesla chargers I was under the assumption. It was any Tesla charger. I am in South Florida. Do you know if they opened up all chargers at this point providing I have the adapter, will it work, thanks
Nice, the NACS standard at work. It's gonna be crazy when some non-Teslas mess up parking because their chargers are on the wrong side. Eventually, all manufacturers will sort it out to match Tesla. Non-Teslas also take longer to charge so wait times will increase. Again, it's another thing which will be sorted in the future by non-Tesla manufacturers.
Once we get out of the Wild West phase of everything EV, I would assume auto manufacturers will standardize the charge port locations on their cars. That, or charging cables will be a thing of the past.
Marques Brownlee 2024l
tesla should probably also make their cables longer as they retrofit the chargers
How do you charge a non Tesla ev ? Don't you need the app to start? How would you pay?
Wonder if you could bring a CCS extension cable?
As a tesla MY owner, sure it may cause some friction, but I'm all for better EV experiences for everyone to increase adoption. Good on Tesla for opening them up.
Great video. I like that you showed how the app works and the costs etc. Thanks!
This is great. But I would love to know what happens when things dont work. EVs are a farce
So all they need is a cable on a reel .But the electric lines are going to make the gas lines look easy.
These other car manufacturers are so behind its laughable. Tesla to save the day :)
wOW! 1st of all, that's expensive, kinda' like the same neighborhood as petroleum. 2nd) That's very discouraging too see. The thought of not designing a charge depot for everyone in mind is sad to see. Tesla trying to take advantage of monopolizing; and especially at this early stage of electric evolution. I hopes this comes back to bite them. The design team apparently knew what their intent was! VERY SAD
At some point, EV manufacturers are going to have to standardize charging ports, with the only difference being left or right, just like ICE vehicles are now.
This is just silly, all they have to do is increase cable length. This is not "If you are homeless, just buy a house" situation.
After watching this.....Rivian R1T looks even more impressive. I personally don't trust elon with any of his promises.
They need longer cables. You can put gas in a car on the wrong side of a gas station pump, no problem.
Tesla should of said no to the rivian. Lol
Non Tesla vehicle manufacturers provide extension cord with tesla connector may be solution.
Ooof, very slow and very expensive compared to non-Tesla charging stations.
Tesla saving money with shorter cables, clearly sharing with non Tesla owners was not on their radar.
So Tesla mailed it in and didn't bother putting on slightly longer cables. The original cables really should have been longer for Teslas themselves TBH.
I gave it a shot with my Nissan Leaf (CHAdeMO), and it shows all the same stations. I wonder if it’s an error by Tesla or if they all also support CHAdeMO?
That cost $30?  Isn't that a lot?
Can you use Tesla stations when you have CHAdeMO plug? Are there different types of adapters in some other stations?
can u pls review trains and public transit in the future? I’d love to hear ur takes on it, especially in regards to the US but also other countries ❤
We need to standardize ports in the rear as we have with gas tanks.
seems you could take spot a, instead of taking up 2. you bought this, or just testing ? typical stupid ford design, side flip, could've had a flip up door, instead of sideways. nope. every nerd on the earth has their own channnel, clothes, etc. ? loll
No thanks.  EVs are not ready for prime time.
I think all makers will move their charge ports to work with Tesla’s charging network.
They can go find a CCS charger. Problem solved.
I freakin HATE this more Teslas are going to have to fight with non-Teslas for the Tesla chargers!!! The ONLY way I would think this is OK is if each car manufacturer allowed on Tesla chargers give EVERY PENNY of their govt money for chargers to Tesla and then they pay for half of the installation fee. That way Tesla can make enough chargers for everyone!
1:35 prolly a race sensor😂😂😂
10:52 Marquis
$30 …. Hmmmm not exactly lot cheaper than gas.
dont complaint about stupid things... go to the last port. smh.
Wait can you charge a tesla with a non tesla charger?
i think all those non-Tesla EV companies should just provide the extension charge cables
I don’t understand… Why is it a little bit risky?
hmm. This made me think: "buy TSLA" 🤔
This video will need an update close to the end of 2024 when people are going to use manufacturers' recommended adapters for non Tesla EVs. However the solution can come with longer cables of V4 Superchargers, and with drive-through system the way Tesla uses in Norway. Nobody was thinking about being "smart" to make gasoline pumps drive to, rather all of them are drive through. The same should be with all DC chargers as Tesla as non Tesla - all redesigned as drive through.
So, this was 11 months ago. Has Tesla addressed the short cable issue? or the side/side issue? I would think that it might be wise to have a 'patch' cable ... an extra 5 ft that the owner of the 'odd' vehicle could put in place so they could reach a charger that wouldn't normally be available to them. OR.... Tesla makes longer charge cables.  Honestly, I don't really care. i'm not an EV guy. I think it's the right way to go but You've only pushed vehicle emissions back to manufacturing emissions/ material emissions. What's worse for the environment? I don' know. What about brown-outs? California had rolling brown-outs in the summer, even after they were patching in from Nevada, Arizona and Washington power sites. Then electric vehicle charging comes along... how has that affected everyone? AND NOW with the electric semi's.... good lord.. that's a debacle. It just seems like efficiency is still getting worse.
Ev Manufacturers along with the federal government as well as a company  like  bucees should open several charging stations that are HUGE with shopping and a dining hall or even a carhop style place. there are massive amounts of sales that are just waiting to happen. the issue with EV's (my first ev was in 2016) is the charging outside of your home. there should be charging stations within 50 miles of each other. if you make the charging easy and painless and cheap. people will adapt. to charge someone 39c a KWH for a truck that has a 98kwh battery (my F150) thats 38 dollars to go 220 miles. thats 17.4 cents per mile if you compare that to a gas powered car that does 25mpg your cost per gallon is 4.34 to compare. its not cheaper. why would you switch when you have to pay more for energy and the vehicle itself is more expensive than a gas powered one and the hassle of road trips is considerably greater. if you can build networks with federal help that is designed to get people into a place to sell products and services that is subsidizing the cost of energy to make the price per kWH under 10c, you would find that a lot more people will adapt. there is money to be made, but too many companies are simply interested in making money NOW instead of building a network to get folks to adapt easily. the other mistake that manufacturers do is they rely on the dealer network too much. the old school dealer network that only wants sell as quickly as possible. so when someone is on the fence about electric and they go into a dealer that is trying to get you to buy the easiest purchase is going to exploit the customers doubts and push them into the easiest sale and thats the gas powered car. there is still a long way for EV's to go, but the only way to get there is if there is a marriage between private companies and federal government to create real usable charging networks
I stopped at this charging station today and 2 non tesla cars were taking up 4 slots and the station was full. I have a Model 3 and was not happy I had to wait. Non tesla cars not welcomed
I will keep my v6 and buy for as long as I can
why can't you get an extension chord?
How many ways did Tesla kill the competition without saying they will kill the competition? 😂
On vehicles like the Tesla Model 3 and Model Y, the charge port is located above the rear wheel on the driver's side. On other EVs, it might be above the front wheel, or on the other side of the vehicle. This means non-Tesla drivers may have to play with the positioning of their vehicles in order to reach the Supercharger cord, blocking other charging spots.
This is on purpose to frustrate people for owning other brands. Similar tactic that Apple does against Android..
Maybe a dumb idea, but couldn't they make the charge cables longer? I feel like that would solve the issue of taking up too many spots due to the charging ports on cars being on different sides. But I genuinely don't know if that'd be possible, I don't have an EV myself.
I live in NYC, and the only on-the-street charger I've ever spotted is on E. 67th Street just off York Ave.  It's from a company called Flo and its charging cables are *extremely* long -- if I had to guess I'd say they extend 12 feet.   (They're so long, in fact, that at the halfway point they're suspended from a metal wire that's attached high atop the charging post.)  Clearly the future demands that *all* chargers need cables this long -- not to mention a single universal charging port standard.
Thank you for posting this video. ❤
Thank You for All that you are doing for our Planet Earth...  Peace.. Shalom.. Salam.. Namaste 🙏🏻 😊 🌈 ✌ ☮ ❤
They need to make a standardized spot for the charge plug, and the plug itself.
Wow, I've only ever charged at home. That's surprisingly expensive per kWh.
Tesla’s FIRST
Great video. Good to see ev owners working together.
Racist app!!!  Of course it defaults to Africa…totally racist!
It's a truck. Instead of taking up T parking, park the R in the snow lol
It was awesome to see other electric vehicles also trying to charge. Great video.
Rivian knew how Tesla chargers work and where the plugs are located. "We are going to make our vehicles structurally incompatible". I would never buy from such a stupid company.
Seems easy enough....starting with new model years, simply put the charging port in same location as Tesla.   Why should Tesla have to retro fit their stations, when other EV companies could move charging port on next model year?   Then we've only have a small handful of other EV's taking up 2x spots.
What a joke, spend half your life waiting for your car or the guy in front of you. And this “fast charging” will not give you the distance the slow charge does.
Tesla EVs are the choice
You can’t say this is green if the grid that powers this is powered by fossil fuels. The future changes with these vehicles, but it doesn’t become more green unless it’s powered by alternative sources. Down to the factory that makes EVs and the stations that charge them! 💯
The next move to make charging more accessible for everyone is standardisation in charging plugs and port locations. If you have an ice vehicle the nozzle fits every vehicle. Should be the same for ev's.
Nice chance meeting of two great EV channels! https://www.youtube.com/@StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney
🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:  00:00 The *video explores using Tesla Superchargers for non-Tesla EVs, focusing on the Rivian R1T.* 01:08 Tesla *has opened up select Superchargers for non-Tesla EVs, allowing them to use the charging network.* 02:23 Demonstrates *the process of using a Tesla app to find and initiate charging for a non-Tesla EV at a Supercharger.* 03:05 Highlights *the retrofitting of Tesla Superchargers with a built-in CCS adapter for non-Tesla vehicles.* 04:01 Shows *the charging process for the Rivian R1T at a Tesla Supercharger and discusses charging speeds.* 05:25 Discusses *challenges with non-optimized charging experiences, including cable length and parking layout.* 06:47 Speculates *on Tesla's strategy of slowly rolling out Superchargers for non-Tesla EVs and addresses potential challenges.* 08:29 Observes *the evolving etiquette and potential challenges when multiple non-Tesla EVs charge at a Supercharger.* 11:50 Shares *the overall positive experience of charging a non-Tesla EV at a Tesla Supercharger and considers it a potential game-changer.*  Made with HARPA AI
🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:  00:13 Tesla *has opened some Superchargers for use by non-Tesla electric vehicles (EVs).* 01:21 Non-Tesla *EV owners can access Tesla Superchargers by creating an account in the Tesla app.* 03:19 Tesla *retrofitted a CCS adapter on the Supercharger plug for compatibility with non-Tesla EVs.* 04:01 Charging *a non-Tesla EV at a Tesla Supercharger is functional but not as seamless as with a Tesla.* 06:47 Tesla's *strategy involves a gradual rollout to gauge non-Tesla charging behavior, addressing potential challenges.* 09:11 Challenges *arise with non-optimized charging spots, etiquette issues, and potential cable reach problems.* 11:50 The *non-Tesla charging experience is considered a game-changer, offering an alternative for EV owners.*  Made with HARPA AI
$30 ?!? I have had two electric cars and have NEVER paid for charging. I utilize Chargepoint stations that are FREE. Whole Foods/Apartment Complexes, etc. In Dallas, there are so many FREE ones.
where can you buy an adaptor for home tesla charger for non tesla cars?
It does work but cable needs to be lengthen like add a cable feed reel on a updated Tesla charger
Lets not forget that you also drove mamy many miles off your path to find that charger.  So, finding it cost you both money, time, and driving charge time because you need to get back.    This is clumsy, wasteful, and not well considering.
I don't know if anyonw already answered this, but it defaulted to West Africa, because the map was centered on 0 degrees N/S and 0 degrees E/W. Prime Meridian on the Equator.
if they had additional parking on the opposite side the charge port would be on the correct side and it wouldn't be in the way of others spots
Great update. Nice to know. Great video.❤
Now if these electric vehicles could only get 500 me worth of range. Great if you're just going to the candy store but not if you're taking the candy store but not if you're taking a long trip.
10 months later and with the freeze up north how do you feel about ANY of the chargers now?
Tesla owners will not want to share
$30 dollars for 1/2 a charge!!! might as well just have a gasoline pick up, there´s absolutely no savings going EV!
Preconditioning should be required.
So what do you do for 30mins? lol
I think with those prices, people are going to stick with gas.
Just park at 1A and you only take one spot 🤷🏻‍♂️
Well in uk and Europe anyone can use tesla it just like every other charger provider you down load the app register and off you go
Very informative video.
Growing up in urban area in northern Nj. Dudes can get robbed at the gas pump. Aint no way im going risk gettimg robbed sitting in my car for 45 mins. Waiting for this to charge. I aint got that kinda time. You better hope they dont start a trend of robbing people at charging spots.
The moral of this is that these guys should have bought a Tesla instead of leaching off of Tesla's network.
your map defaulted to 0lat 0long.  not "africa" per se
I’m more impressed that an American immediately recognised the map took you to a completely different continent, and you knew which way to swipe to find the US.  Well done for listening during geography 😊
@MKBHD for non-Tesla's that show up to a Tesla charging station and park next to my Tesla. Will the non tesla bog the charging experience down because it becomes a shared charge?
That way, they should've bought a Tesla!!!
As a Tesla owner,  I don't want anyone else but Tesla owners charging at our chargers!!!!
thats why we need a standard like USB-C cable.
What if you have a Tesla and a non-Tesla vehicle? Would you need to have separate apps?
If you have to queue up for charging, you might consider working remotely in your car.
EV’s suck, period.
What phone are you using in the video?
I’d carry an extension cable if that’s available, well done on promoting another channel as well!
I still don’t see the hype in all the electric vehicles. Takes 5 minutes to fill your tank with gas
I prefer my gas car. I can fuel up anywhere.
This got me thinking about ICE cars, where the fuel filling is either on the left or right rear quarterback. For EVs the most ideal position would be front center I suppose.
EVs = Scam Alert
49 cents this is so expensive
there's a reason why they installed shorter cable. hint power lost.
Make the cables longer ! Geesus !
Electric SUCKS! That is BS! enough said!
how much petrol can you fill your car with for the value of this charge ($30) ??? I'm not from the states so I have no point of reference
I can see this video was made about 10 months ago but teslas have charging ports both left-hand and right-hand side rear don't they 🤔
As a Tesla owner, I think I would be highly annoyed if a non Teslas are causing open spots I can’t use when I go to charge on a road trip.
I would have already been back on the road with even my motor home that has a much longer range 15 minute in and out restroom and coffee.
$30 for a range of cold weather distance? Great video, cool car, yet I think I will stick with my plug and play gas nozzle and ignore talking to my neighbor while filling.
Put longer cables on the chargers.
Hope Tesla will provide more charging station also for non Tesla users
Why is everyone filming themselves? Is that normal for rural NY?
I bet you’re jabbed and voted for biden too 🤣
Mate go back the phones ev are not the future.
VHS & Beta.
🤠This is neat!#https://maps.app.goo.gl/Q5RUA4NTYG1s52cz8
Avis now charges their vehicles in the rental lot. Good part is that the demand for electric can be met faster. Bad side effect. The charging machine breaks down and people get disappointed when a tesla isn't available.
Not "slightly more expensive". Try "more than double the price of most other chargers" at least in my area. Hey at least it's possible tho.
To be CLEAR, the solution is NOT to extend the length of the cable. To do so would require an increase in the diameter of the wire inside the cable to maintain current charging current (AKA charging speed). This reduces cable flexibility significantly, making it much more difficult to maneuver the cable into ALL charging ports. The solution is to have vehicle manufacturers that HAVE NOT invested in the supercharger network to change THEIR specs. As in, move the location of their charging ports. You got to pay to play, folks.
That's a big NO so much hassle 😨 RIDICULOUS 🤣
open up the map "ups its Africa! why is that?" :))) was it AI ?
Is it me or charging station is like health insurance? You're either in network or not 😂
1/2 hr????????must be non productive
Bias
There is a simple solution, buy a Tesla. Nobody asked you to buy the wrong car, not much to it :)
GPS's sometimes default to africa because the Gulf of Guinea is "0 Latitude, 0 Longitude" when your phones lat/long aren't available.
Imagine making videos about driving between gas stations because getting gas was such a pain in the ass.
Wonder if the original roadster can supercharge now 🤔
All the issues are on Rivian.  Not Tesla.  If Rivian was more flexible things would go better.  Good luck.
Tesla is Stingy with the Charge Cable length aren't they?
publicly subsidized chargers that are proprietary.  Why was this ever allowed?
In Canada, it looks to me that Tesla is dragging their heels on giving non-Teslas access.
This is no more a problem with version 4 Superchargers.
As a Tesla owner, I’m pissed that Elon has let this happen.
people are not buying its a scam wake up. call rivian ask them how much for a new battery. an ionic hyundai 60,000 dollars for a new battery installed. imagine what the cost is for rivian
Tesla owners should embrace EV diversity and inclusion
EV makers definitely need to license this tech from Tesla and build and add this to the Supercharger network. Tesla did all the hard work others EV makers just need to step up spend some $$$ and add to it . Fingers crossed. But this thread is already problematic with wanting extension cables etc. The reason it works so well is it's optimized and other EV makers can't add a layer of confusion.
There definitely needs to be some government oversight to establish standardization of vehicle input locations, charger cable lengths and all chargers must be forced, if necessary, to charge all vehicle manufacturers.   You don't have to go to a Chevrolet gas station, or a Mercedes gas station, or a Volkswagen gas station, or a Honda gas station.  Just insanity!
anyone else have a problem with chargers costing more because its faster.  I get it your paying for the infrastructure but if you notice theres laws protecting customers with gas prices. But not electricity at a car charger.  IM not one for new laws but it seems like this tech would be ripe with gauging customers.
It takes too long to fill my gas tank
Charging your car sucks
why isnt the charger centered to the parking space and they should make the cable longer.
1:34 is not some conspiracy 😂 when a map initialized without any lat lon data, it defaults to 0,0 and 0,0 happens to be a point in the ocean south of Ghana
Very useful and insightful 👌
Cost him 30$ for 100miles charge ten of which he has to use to get to the next chapter station
Just buy a gas car dudes if you love electric so much they do have batteries in them
Dumbasses have to make  a plan every time they need Togo somewhere
So you are married to your car
Another gimmick for ev Idiotic owners
Stupid move on Tesla's part! Great for other that are non Tesla owners!
All they need to do is shift the  markings half a spot to the left. The cable will be long enough to charge both testlas and rivians and problem is solved.
Haha the phone camera was on and the app defaulted the user to Africa well played Elon.... Well played....
Tesla have opened up their quieter chargers in Australia for a while now, (all new ev’s including Tesla’s all use CCS2 here, so no magic dock required) Thankfully they have kept the busiest chargers Tesla only for now.
tesla soyboys needs to learn their place.. at the bottom
the short DC cable problem not only apply to non-tesla at tesla, it actually happen a lot often at non-tesla DC charger. Often time you really have to adjust your parking position second time in order to barely reach port. This is really an issue that I think the designer of the parking stall and cable never drove an EV before and they never thought about this.
Sorry but this looks like an absolute shit show. I’ll just stick with filling up in 5 mins and leaving without needing to worry about any of these things.
Itteresting how no one ever has these problems with gas pumps.
amazing video!!! Very informative and amazingly made!!
Why don't they just make wireless chargers like for phones? You just park on top of the space and it automatically just starts charging it.
I like it when black man don't talk like a black man
just like the usb-c charging this got to be standardize were gas stations should have 1 or more superchargers  tesla can mass-produce this chargers and get a share of it
It is time for other EV manufacturers to  build more charging stations
I charged an MG Marvel R on a supercharger last week, felt like taking the 'wrong side' of the supercharger lol I'm in France btw, it's not new to use those for other EVs
i just can't understand what planet these electric vehicle cultists are from.  did you catch what he said very quickly: " 34 minutes to a full charge."  THIRTY-FOUR MINUTES!!  are you freaking kidding me? you're going to sit in that snow-filled parking lot for thirty-four minutes to "fill up" your battery pack?  if you turn on the electric heater, it's going to take much longer than 34 minutes to charge the battery.  EVERY gas or diesel vehicle on the road can be FILLED UP within 5 minutes!!  it takes about 1 minute to put your credit card in a gas pump, it approves your purchase, you squeeze the fill handle or place it on "automatic lock" and sit in the car.  THEN - just five minutes later, you put the fuel hose back on the pump and drive away.   WHY would anyone think it is a WONDERFUL THING to have to sit in an electric car stuck at a charger for AT LEAST thirty-four minutes just to be able to drive the car another couple of hundred of miles.  i will NEVER, NEVER understand the thinking of the electric vehicle CULT.
Dude, I can totally see in this guy‘s video. His eyes is moral. His attitude is demeanor, everything! That he is still so bitter with Elon musk, and Tesla that he didn’t get his free car because he was being a crybaby and now he tries to promote anything that’s not Tesla…. Dude is so spiteful!!!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💩🔥🔥🔥😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
That would be a stretch to charge my lightning with that cable.
is that an s24 ultra?
How are those charging cables not immediately stolen? There has to be a good amount of copper in them.
I hope you sent this to Tesla that is a real exec and not some student answering emails.
Great video thank you! I opened my Tesla app and opened the Charge Your Non-Tesla. Nothing came up in my area (Raleigh, NC). I know there are at last 5 chargers in the Raleigh-Cary area. I know not all are 250KW chargers but a few are. I am guessing they did not show up as they don't have the CCS adapter? My wife was thinking of getting a Kia EV9 (I have a MYP) as she wants to sit higher, but if she has to rely on non-Tesla chargers then that is a no go (unless I did something wrong in my app search).
@11:55 Why did you only charge to 85%. I'm hearing that is the only what is allowed?
For those of you defending this as a pilot program, even so couldn't they have made the cables longer in the first place this seems like something an engineer would have suggested not a YouTuber.
Do people steal the cables? Copper right?
Its time to start putting charge ports behind the license plate, like gas cars in the 70s
10:30🌊 ⚓️
Thank you.  We have a tesla and a Lightning.  Great to help prepare for the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcgdBmaC3ao US SuperCharger V4 site example with a longer cable.
it wouldve been too perfect if a cybetruck just rolled to charge there as well, all 3 electric trucks
Right away there is an initial problem with the layout of the chargers. They put extra parking spaces in so you can park on either side of the charger depending on where your port is. That screws things up whereas in a gas station you fill up from the side and so you can always back in. Typical of Musk to reinvent the wheel and make it worse.
It's clear, a design change in the Tesla network is required for this to work.  The Supercharger I most often use locally would have a war on its hands because you often have to wait in line for an available charger.
Pretty sure Tesla designed this issue from the start on purpose, just like Apple..
is something like Apple vs Android.
I feel like if Tesla is going to open up their networks to other vehicles, then other vehicle companies need to help make more stations.
Tesla bout to make some paper if they are smart. Charge the heck out of non tesla vehicles.
Looks to me like if you had parked towards the right of the correct spot the cable would have reached
Tacoma all day
Why don't you make the cover unhook so it lays flat
Honestly,  mes amis,  all EV's are but a fanciful dream...a Wet Dream.
Kind of shocked with the price. I thought charging EVs was supposed to be pretty cheap. Like 5 - 10 bucks.   I don't have an EV, so I'm all ears if there's more to it.
Use the end charger. Drive into end spot then just reverse a bit. All set. No blocking other spots. Just like the guy ended up doing on the end.
I have 200 shares of tesla stock with that said I own a gas powered vehicle which I pay 25-35 dollars every 10 days you paid near 70 dollars for a full charge far more than I pay with  my limited driving home charge would be ideal but I'm looking at selling and just using uber yearly ins  and oil changes isn't enough offset for me
I imagine this would be an issue that would die away quickly. Gas will be less common and gas stations will convert to electric to keep up. The auto companies will start adding improvements to have this happen less. Probably adding longer cables and different layouts.  Third party companies could sell ways to fix this like an extension cable.  Or maybe the auto companies will add more than one charge port. I doubt that.
39 cents per kilowatt-hour?  Where do I sign?  I’m from CA, where we get charged 40 cents in our homes.
A whole lot of comprises compared to ICE refueling. But $30 versus $100 is a pretty nice sweetener. If you drive a lot, then the fuel savings might eventually make up for the higher purchase price...but only IF you drive it a lot, which means a much higher probability of having to be waiting in a lot like this for a half hour or more on a routine basis. Decisions decisions.
All these nonsense things you have to do to charge your car to drive your car is insane 😅. I don't understand what is all the hype is about. This is not reliable or convenient. Why do you want to have a toy which you can not drive
I can’t wait until they get this all situated  I have a Tesla now but I really want the R2 when it releases
Feels like an apple/android situation.  Except Tesla cannot even hold Apple's jock.  When they insisted on their proprietary to charge and finally switched to usb-c like 15 years later.  They're just going to end up being like retractable gas pumps.  One on each side that works no matter which way you pull in.  I think it's going to be clunky and messy, because a majority of people are selfish and stupid, but it will be fine.
What if you had a trailer on your vehicle? You should try that on your next video to see what a mess that causes in such a tight area
Why a 12 minute video for a simple 1 or 2 minute video?
what app do you use?
t stands for tra
No thanks, i will avoid these problems and will keep my Tacoma gas engine truck for long time 😂🤷🏽‍♂️
Keywords, Tesla, chargers designed for Tesla vehicles, this is an experiment and a courtesy, so non-Tesla customers are not exactly a priority
One idea would be less space conservative but could work, would be a cement divider between each space with the charger situated in the middle of it with a cable just long enough to reach the front or back of any given EV. The only problem that comes to mind is cars like the Leaf that have their port on the front. I guess a longer cable could solve that, but then we're back to the original idea of just making the cable longer initially. 😅
30 minutes lol have you been to Canada in the winter minus 30 to 45 celcius... I can't see anyone choosing to sit that long.  My closest grocery store is a 45 minutes drive each way.    There's no way I'd want an additional half hour lost to filling up.
Elon making money from tesla charger for X
Government fault, should have enforced a standard charger location and plug from the beginning
so... instead of everyone adopting the tesla charge port, they have to make tesla make a converter so they can then share their own infrastructure to their COMPETITORS who would love to put them out of business. There should be a standard on the location of the port also...
What are the odds Tom rolls up from SOC. good video.
You should do a video on electric car depreciation and taking longer to sell than non- electric ⛽️ cars..  people has lost lots of money on electric cars..  middle class has lost the most in my opinion.. very few YouTubers talk about how bad aftermarket is for these high cars amd all the repair issues Also insurance is high vs similarly priced non-electric car..
Great video! I like having this figured out before needing to use one. Just took delivery of my R1S. Saw a MachE at a Rivian charger in Toledo when I tried out a Rivian Supercharger the other day.
This is great! Welcome man👊
If electric vehicles are going to become the norm then all manufacturers need to standardise their charging ports or at least have several ports on their vehicles to overcome this problem shown here.
Can you make a short extension cord to compensate for vehicles that have charging ports on different sides of the vehicles?
Very good review and raising the issue of short cables and parking spots.  Another F150 user had to try 3 stations before his truck would sync with the station.
30-85% charge = 55% for $30usd. So that = $54.55 for a full charge of your Rivian. That’s not a whole lot cheaper than gasoline in some states!! 😂
Can anyone tell me whether the Rivian is RUNNING while he's charging here? I notice the cluster only shows charging information, and no other regulatory indicators like drive mode or power status.
30% to 80% 30min About $30  Did you find that worth the value & time?. how long of a range do you get for that 50% charge?.
Tesla might have to move the cable to the bottom or middle of the station so itll be longer
Facial recognition software sent him to default Africa??? That's too much AI 😂😂😂
Seems like the whole issue could be solved with a longer cable. Maybe something that can retract into the charger so it not getting in the way.
IT DEFAULTED to Africa BECAUSE I AM WATCHING FROM AFRICA 😅
It Straight Up Took you To AFRICA... WTFFFF 🤣🤣🤣
Longer cables fixes the issue.  Enough said.
This was a mistake by Tesla. Not very well thought out, I am pissed, because these chargers are now over crowded.
just wait until more cars are plugging on the grid and the electricity prices go up because of it... it will cost almost as much as gas.
i would be annoyed if not pissed if like 4 non tesla were blocking 8 charging ports as a Tesla owner...(i am not)
I stopped there once. Has a Dunkin Donuts and a Sherman Williams paint store .  Stick with TESLAs!
It's super expensive though
there are iphones and non iphones too :D
1:36 😂
Whats weird here in canada we have e a great third part charging network   infact our 3rd party high speed charging  out numbers tesla units
We were on the way home to the SF Bay Area from LA and stopped by our usual exit in our Highlander along interstate 5. Note that there are many gas stations at this exit. There are something like eight SC sitting behind the Starbucks lot and all were in used. While sitting back there in the shade having a bite, five Teslas showed up needing a charge. As more people own and use their Tesla on road trips, we will be seeing more issues with this, not just other EV sharing a SC.
Hmmm i dont think this is going to work in cali
gas stations are so much easier.
Yo hold up at 5:38 I was like “hmm that looks pretty familiar” were you in Brewster ?
Engineering?
Charging should be free for all electric cars. Then people would buy more of them.
It costed 30 dollars. Really no difference in price change to gas with regular where i'm from and it takes significantly longer.
11:26 this is how to damage a charger and get yourself kikl
If you bought a rivian - YOU ARE BURIED. Don’t listen to stupid ass YouTubers for car advice.Rivian is a shit company with shit value.
I think it's a good idea but 30 bucks for a charge I think it's rather expensive man Elon musk is making a killing
There's nothing nice about 40 plus minutes per charge.
.49c a kWH for a 100kWH is almost $50 - we have reached price parity in the wrong direction lol electricity is as expensive as gas but takes 30x longer to fill up.
Been watching lots of reviews of electric vehicles because I'm planning to get a new vehicle soon. Apart from the logistical issues caused by proprietary charging which are mentioned in this video, the idea that it's going to take me 30 plus minutes to fully charge my vehicle even at a supercharger just seems crazy to me. Obviously most people are charging overnight at home but given that the cost of electricity keeps going up and will continue to do so as people transition to electric vehicles, I wonder how much money people will actually save in the future as opposed to owning vehicle with a combustion engine. I'm not even sure how much people are saving now given the high cost of even the cheapest electric vehicle. The technology is cool and I also want to shiny new toy but I'm not convinced yet. Need to do some more research.
or you can just buy some kind of an extender, put it in your car and problem solved, right? just a meter or two, not like you dont have free space considering there is no engine :)
Not sure why we cant just have a universal plug for all EVs. This is absurd.
Just to be clear, 1 gallon of fuel is 33kwh. So $.49 per Kwh is equal to $16.5 a gallon which is bullsh*t
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKRI7pnRA0k
Simple solution: Longer cables :D
With the cool adapter that locks maybe have a reel so the cable can pull out for non teslas and it’s locked for teslas. Idk seems like that could be a fix of this becomes more of a thingn
At first I was like, who is this ripping off MKBHD's videos?!?!?! Then I looked closer and realized it's an alt channel.  Really interesting Video, good on Tesla for supporting the EV industry.
1:33. Lol at defaulted to Africa🤣
Can you put A cable extender on those chargers?
This is the only thing about going electric I am not excited about.  There should have been way more infrastructure in place long before the cars hit the road.  There should be a charger standard so that there's not all of these different EV cars with different charger ports.  Also why has the government not jumped in and helped with building more stations?  We have all these people talking about climate change, but no one is doing anything about it.  Why have the oil companies not started changing their business model some?  They could easily offer charging stations at the existing gas stations.... a fee is still involved in charging these vehicles.  Just seems like even though there is a push to get us off of oil.  No one is doing much about it outside of these new tech companies.
just park 45degree... problem solved...
cool video thanks man
Great initiative from Tesla but they need to do some in-app queue management not to mention install longer cables. Vehicles need to be registered in the app and based on the info, the app would assign the available charger and the corresponding parking space(s). So for an R1T, the app should block off the available 2 adjacent spots and corresponding charger so that it is not available to other users. Such a queuing system, once programmed properly, will take away a lot of frustration, arguments, and also prevent some of the unruly behavior at busy supercharger stations.
Tesla Charging cable is way too short. Even if you have tesla, you have to park your car close prosimity of super chargers.
5:39 that spot is in fact for Teslas with trailers.
wow! I was surprised how smooth charging a non-tesla went! thanks for the video! Tesla will be the gas station for all EVs!  Just report to Tesla about the cable been so short. Tesla will just make bigger cables!
Tesla should just release the charger and every car have the same one
Some of the superchargers in California asr pull through, that would accommodate the rivians without blocking a spot
The wrong name calling lol, nice vid
Longer cables or those choosing NACS can locate charge ports on rear driver side like teslas before mass production.
Instead of tesla doing all this bs on all of their superchasrgers, why cant other companies figure out how to put the charge port on the back-left or front-right?
Since the government decided on their own to give Evil Elon 10 billion tax dollars to use his crappy chargers, there better NOT be any issues.
The charging network cannot even keep up with current EV's. Huge improvements must be made if that market expands. The Feds appear to have just mandated 2035 and then moved on to destroying the economy without any thought toward infrastructure (by design).
And this is one of the reasons why electric cars suck.
Do people even think about security? Where is the on-site ARMED security to protect people from criminals? These stand alone EV charging stations are simply another place where people that cannot carry a gun are soft targets.  Try empathizing with a 100 lb female that needs to charge her car at night. Not a great situation. Support the second amendment and incarceration of criminals.
Tesla gonna force non tesla ev car manufacturer to do Tesla car charging port the same location
Dude at the end looks like an overweight Rand Paul.
I could be wrong but I read somewhere that the Dept of Transportation required that all electrical inlets on EVs be exactly the same for charging,  but like gas stations the chargers price may differ per kilowatt. like if you use a private ATM machine they charge a fee. So a Non-Tesla might be charged more. makes sense right? As far as backing in to plug in. Gasoline cars will have the inlet on the opposite side which is a pain if yours is on the passenger side and your wifes is on drivers side. FYI I think the Rivian pickup looks so much better than the Tesla Cyber Truck will be a flop.
NOT a single truck owner will buy this truck!
Man kept checking his surrounding like he about to get mug 😅
Why the F would Ford put the charge port on the side and not the corner???? Ford engineering right there!
Ev car manufacturers will have to provide extension cables for Tesla superchargers
you should be commended for finding a charging station that actually works in the US.  Can you look for Bigfoot?  That guy's been eluding folks for a long time and you might stand the best chance.
If non-Teslas want the charge, without costing Tesla a massive fortune then the other manufacturers are going to have to place their charging ports either in the same place as Teslas or have them on the very front or back of the vehicles. Otherwise there will be chaos if this goes live at all Super Chargers.
Or, all electric vehicles use the same style of charging. Problem solved.
100mph? lol... you will be there 3 hours?
It cost $30 for one charge?? Yeah, that doesn't seem like a good deal at all...
I have Rivian r1s
Don't get this ...mine shutdown on me Rivian support said: read the manual they don't know
The Tesla app uses face recognition which is why it defaulted to Africa
The 1 charger that is offset on the the end is for a tesla with a trailer so they can back in and the charger is appropriately spaced to accommodate the trailer
30$ sounds like a lot for half a “tank”
AFRICA NIGERIA
What so basically “half a tank” cost you $30? That’s more expensive than gas in my area. It costs like $28 to fill my car from empty to full
You could have pulled right up to the charger on the side and NOT blocked anyone else, DUH! Maybe they put that one one the side for the INTELLIGENT, WELL-MANNERED people to use.
Think I will buy a hybrid. You just made it very clear to me that we are just not ready for E-cars yet.
Her King
Teslas have chargers on both sides
FORD LIGHTING NEEDS TO REDESIGN THE CHARGING PORT . THE LOGO PANEL GETS IN THE WAY
Or you should have an extender to reach it and problem solved they don't care it the same way for gas car some car got gas spot up front from the finder side or back in the center so yall know better get you an extender that's all I believe they do have it if not it's useless and I'm not moving my car  cause of wrong spot
49¢/kWh?  Wow.  That's basically "because fuck you" pricing.
Longer cables like the way gas station hoses can cross over a vehicle with the tank on the opposite side.
GPS Coordinates 0 0 is off the coast of Africa. If you open a GPS map without a good GPS location it will start the map off the coast of Africa.
Thirty bucks? My goodness.
Seem like its an easy fix to me. Tesla needs to offer a cable extension.
Oh, man.  It’s started…non Tesla charging…Tesla charging etiquette is going out the window here in Ca.
My time is way more viable!  Idiot !!  Go gasoline !
Why would anyone buy an electric vehicle!!  Stupidest thing ever !!
Why do you think it defaulted to Africa Jiggy!! ahahahaha
Hey Jiggy... Did you steal those wheels?  Well?
What is the app call? My tesla app doesn't have that same menu
Why can’t you buy one of those adapters to keep in your non-Tesla for use at non-converted Tesla charge stations?
The way I see it is, if my neighbor let's me connect to his house because I don't have electricity in mine, then it's my problem to look or buy an extension cord, it's my responsibility to use it without interfering with his daily life, I think it's in you guys the non Tesla owners to go to your dealers and as for them to build and sell a extension that can be safety plug to the Tesla's chargers
Or you could use what the rivian was made for and pull into the back side of the charger where the snow is! Hahaha
Hi, good review. There are a number of chargers in the Netherlands which are open to Non-Tesla owners. I've no idea whether they have the same issues as you describe, however, we don't see as many large EVs as you guys have on the roads. I think that the Netherlands trial is a pre-cursor to rolling it out across Europe. Regards, Eddy (UK).
just push the little pillars a little bit further and viola! making this a big deal is not a sincere approach
Funny that you ran into Tom randomly....
that SUCKS for the ford. that has to be the worst placement for the port.
Yes it will get worse. No rivians and in SoCal already the super chargers are already waiting to charge at the supercharger near my home.
you could park on the line I guess if you needed to.
A quick fix would be to add cable extensions that we are able to access.
I am researching charging networks because I am interested in the Mach E and Ioniq 5. I think it is ridiculous that other networks appear to not even be close to Tesla chargers in terms of reliability and availability. It is nice to see that Tesla may open up their network for others to use.
It's what us diesel drivers deal with all the time at commercial fuel stations. There is always a gas vehicle at one of the few diesel pumps.
Ha, what are the odds that two great Youtubers show up at the same supercharger at the same time to review the same new tech? Really appreciate the content from both Marques and Tom.
I’m still skeptical to wait that long to charge up..
Making an account to fuel up my car? No thanks.
Wow! Really cool to see the variety of cars and the problems they come with. You gotta collab with these guys again!
I mean... i pay 35 bucks at the pump and 2 mins later i'm on the road 🤷‍♂
Idk if I could do that 30 min damn
Just my 2 cents, move the parking lines so that the charging tower is positioned in the middle. Possibly charging left or right side.
1:33
40 minutes to charge?
Your videos are very well produced, nice job young man
They need charging cables like costco's gas station ⛽️  long enough for both sides
I think it’s dope they actually include the ccs adapter. Shocked that you don’t have to provide your own. I was pricing some out for my tesla on road trips and they’re not cheap…at least not the quality ones.
49kwph!? At that cost there's no significant benefit over an ICE car in fuel savings.
30 bucks and 30 minutes...I'm guessing 30$ isn't normal, its because its a tesla charger on a non-tesla, but according to him its not much of a difference. Whats the average charging price for an EV nowadays? 30$ for 30 to 85% is bascially what i pay with my car from a quarter to full but it doesn't take me 30 minutes. I thought one of the biggest reasons to get an EV is because its a lot cheaper to charge than the gas counter part.
Who is Kibishi? 😂I’m new.
Junk
In Australia the government has mandated that every EV needs to have the same charger plug. My parents just got a 2023 Model Y and it has the same plug as everything else. If I bought a non-Tesla EV and parked it at their house I could use their home charger they installed without having to adapt it.  The trade off is that there isn't as much infrastructure around, at least in Queensland.
I like this guy!
I... didn't realize you lived so close to me....  Neat.
The designers that decided to open the charging door in the WRONG direction own MUCH of the blame. It can't be that hard to design cars/trucks with the charging port at the front or back of the car. THINK! They're still designing the charging port location as if it needs to lineup with a gasoline pump. THINK!
We test drove the Rivian truck and loved it. However, it wasn't quite what we wanted or needed at that time. We are now the proud owners of a 2023 Ford F150 Lightning and absolutely LOVE it! We are eagerly awaiting the Tesla adapter so that we can travel farther from home. The current Charge Point or Plug Share chargers are just too far apart here in the Midwest. We're ordering a Mach E in a couple of months. :D Love your channel!!!
They put this 🥷🏿 in Africa
Gotta make sure you gotta charge it you gotta be somewhere cause you'll sholl be late waitin on dat mf to charge up
Could be wrong, but I think having the supercharger located on the sides of the stalls, rather than the end, would solve the reach issue.
So... you need an extension cord?
YES! watching how I blasted all over the "place" in less than a month was shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and although it actually took about 5 weeks for my volume to double, I just go'ogled Jan Venstaker's Shooting Ropes and her reaction has been priceless!
really good video thank you for showing this off, this seems like a short term road bump but hopefully will help increase confidence in EVs in general and grow the network of EV charger stations exponentially ... also could be an easy fix if an option in the future becomes available (or maybe available now I don't know) for non tesla EV owners to have some sort of extension cable they can get  to help solve this situation for them.
Wait, I'm confused. Did you have to buy the Tesla charger adapter?
I understand your really sophisticated knowing your cameras seems like your being force to use a camera that you don’t prefer video after video
I'll never have to deal with that problem because I'll never be able to afford an EV. You have to look for the bright side of things I guess lol!
❤
I think Tesla may need to reshuffle the chargers and parking spots to fit the needs of both Tesla and Non-Tesla vehicles, grouping or separating chargers and adding longer cables as needed.
I think honestly, the best solution would be an extension cable available for non tesla owners. You pay $100 for say a 6ft cable. Then you are able to pull to the correct spot. Connect the extension to your vehicle and then plug the extension to the super charger
the video quality is terrible compared to linus
If Tesla had been thinking, you could charge Tesla any way possible like with other charger manufacturers have. Well they are not experts in everything.
We rented a Poleatar 2 and took a detour to try the magic doc at Scotts Valley CA. Charge port is also on the left rear panel so I didnt have to take up two stalls. Worked well in my case.
I can't believe some short-sighted people blame the short Supercharger cable, it was never designed to charge vehicles without the charge port in the standardized location for Supercharging. Ford and Rivian just wanted to be different from Tesla and obviously they never planned to use Superchargers. It's not Tesla's job to accommodate their wonky charge port location. There is a solution though and it's a no-brainer: Rivian, Ford and the rest will do what they should have done to begin with - put the charge port on the driver's side rear. That way the driver has easy access to it and it's not necessary to back out into traffic when done charging. Safe and convenient. Everyone will be happy.  Ironically, Tesla's NACS port design has been the defacto North American standard all along. There has always been more EV's, continent wide, with a NACS charging port on the driver's side rear end than EV's with CCS1 ports anywhere. It's just that legacy auto and the rest of the industry wanted to isolate Tesla by being different. But Tesla makes and sells more EV's in N. America than every other EV manufacturer combined! Tesla deserves more credit instead of all the fake innuendo sent their way. Besides, Tesla has the best value, by far, in EV's - they are bringing EV prices of quality EV's down to the point where regular blue-collar workers can afford them.
LOL, i watched the F-150 video guy also
I spend that much on gasoline in missouri
As a Tesla owner who uses public charging stations, I'm used to those cables being too short unless I back in or the lock clips being broken.
From now on, Tesla has to sell the extension code so that it can be used on the Supercharger.
30 bucks to go from 35 to 8o% or so of charge: how many miles is that amount of charge good for? How long did your charge session take?
Defaults to Africa because that is where you belong. Even tech knows it.
So you just have to vibe in a gas station environment for ~30 mins? That's kinda a bummer
$30 to go to 85%....    Pretty sure to till gas from 30-85% gas tank would probably be in that ballpark as well.
Shoutout to Elon Musk for not being stingey
It cost how much??? Isn’t that the same price as a gasoline fill up??
Excellent info. Tesla supercharger near my office and I just bought a non-Tesla EV. Thank you for posting this video.
I assumed that the Non Tesla rates would be higher...but they are !  I wouldn't rely on that to charge your Rivan.  I'm not happy as a Tesla owner that all these other vehicles are now able to use superchargers.  The other manufactures did not have the thought to have the charging infrustructer set up...Tesla is bailing them out.  Grrrrrr  I've been to busy charging stations...NON Tesla owners are just rude as hell and don't leave when they are done...been there enough to see it...but I'm in California so there's that !  Great Video though...THANKS
If they had it like gasoline stations I feel it would help with this problem of not being able to reach an EV's port. Just a thought
I hope to never be an EV owner.
Wow what an up to date real life scenario for Fast Charging networks. I like you videos and also love Mr. State of Charge's channel. Good stuff guys. Just about to pick up my ne Kia EV6 tomorrow but will be charging at home 95% of the time I hope. Interesting times.
Вне конкуренции, но много вопросов
I have a video explaining the deals that were made between the companies: https://youtu.be/LpGbk5tCcxc
The app didn't default to specifically Africa, it defaulted to 0°0'0"N, 0°0'0"E.  Not sure why location didn't work.  It would also be worth mentioning that lots of EV manufacturers have said that they will adopt Tesla's charging port as they have now allowed other manufacturers to.
Wait 143kW that takes 51 minutes to charge is $56 dollars for the power delivered plus up to $51 for the idle time? I thought this shit was supposed to be cheaper than gas!  Marques you never touched on the most important part- how much did you pay?  That's the only thing that tells people if it's worth the trouble. I'd put up with more bullshit that that if it were cheap enough.
Sounds like they need to make longer cables if they want to roll this out seriously
Definitely going to be some growing pains, but I am so stoked to see this happening! I don't have an EV yet, but this makes me more excited to make the jump.
Definitely not buying g an electric car, not their yet, I will just stick to my lexus v8 gx 460
I always said, EVs are a coming, and getting the whole ecosystem in place is gonna hurt for a while. And I always think about people who will be alive in like the 2060s saying, remember back in the 20s when people had such a hard time charging their EVs?
I love that you got other people involced in this video!
Would love to see how a 100% ev new york city i.e. almost no one has a garage would look like
Cables on both sides or tesla should sell extensions for non teslas.
Does it lock the cable while charging  for non teslas? or will it just let anyone unplug haha
LONG STORY SHORT : JUST BUY TESLA 😂
surprising how US is all this and that but the eletric circui for chargers is crap..here up in Canada its a charme and rarely an issue with public chargers,tesla are always full and waiting time is something tesla owners complain about. also the price is crazy,3x times what we pay on a public charger
Make smaller cars. And everything would reach. Why would cars need a giaaaaant hood if it's freaking electric?  And the charging point is on the side of the car? Sorry but I find those giant trucks absolutely hilarious. It's really poor designs. At least the Rivian figured their design out. These are American issues. This is not stuff that's a struggle in Europe.. (Yet)  I would not blame Tesla. I would blame the crappy designs - keeping a side-port (traditionally used for fuel, as you fuel on the side) and then refusing to change set design, to front/back as most EVs.  It's completely stupid designs. An Easy fix.
I can’t imagine have to sit there for 30-60 minutes every time you need a chatge
07:42 ”if i was like a huge tesla person” are you telling me you are not? Lmao
Tesla can let the tesla drivers book chargers before arriving then the experience would be better.
$30 bucks to partially fill up???   I thought EVs were supposed to cost a lot less!
What about an extension cable?  Or make the charging stations on the side of the parking spot rather than the front.
What about gas vehicles blocking ev chargers?
I absolutely love the Rivian. Ever since I saw a prototype on long way up. With Ewan and the gang.
which phone he is using?
They should just use longer cables
How difficult would it be for the EV manufacturers to include a front and back charging port?
congrats, EVs now have to experience the assholes that dont know the most effective way to park at the recharge station just like CEs have to at the pump
Someone needs to invent adapters and universal cable extensions. Otherwise it's going to take years for EV's to be a viable alternative.
nice of you for the shout out to tom from state of charge i like that channel
I wonder if a sort of extension cable would work. Im not sure about the added resistance, but it might be a solution with issues like that
You can pick and charge with extra charges because you have a million income from youtube,  what about normal people?
30-85% cost $30?! I guess I'm sticking with a gas-hybrid.
So I'm stuck on the price of $30 for the charge, and the better part of an hour to charge it.  With my '14 Prius I get about $.10 per mile.  We're now looking at the '23 Prius Prime.  I just don't think that we're where we need to be to both absorb E vehicles and have them offset the inconvenience that they impose.  But, love the videos and think that they're a big help in considering the purchase of an all electric car/truck.
It's a little disappointing that the electricity costs basically as much as gasoline at these charging stations.
It opening Superchargers became a thing nationwide, I could see other makes moving their ports to make this less of an issue.
Is a Supervharging Membership worth it?
All charging ports should be in the same position, on the bottom of the vehicle, to enable automatic robotic connection. It's stupid for people to have to ever even touch the charge cable. Pull into a space, tap a button that appears on your screen, then sit back and take a nap.
How frustrating that, starting from scratch, the companies didn't even coordinate to create a universal plug and charging port location on vehicles. Obviously, all charging ports should be in the same place. Fucked by selfish idiots AGAIN.
With a rivian you could have gone off-road to the other side of the charger in the snow.
Solution to parking is simple, they just need to repaint the lines between spaces so the charger is in the middle of the space so the cable can reach either side.
As always, amazing video! Non-Tesla at Tesla Supercharger charging is an absolute EV value multiplier.
It’s not fair! I paid a premium on Tesla because of their exclusive charging network, now it’s not exclusive anymore . I don’t mean to be sour about it but it’s why I chose Tesla over others
Is it not possible to find extension cables for EV chargers or is it against TOS or illegal or not made for that type of current
Do they make extension cable for V3 310Amps charging stations?
this video is great because it shows real world situations
Why does Ford put the charging port door opens into the short side? Why does Ford put the charging port not at the very front or the very back of the vehicle?
An ev takes just to long to charge.
Ok yes, BUT GEEZ? Why put the charge plug on the front bumper.
Marquis lmao😂
Tesla trying to be the gas station of 2040
What an ass whip , no thx
can't imagine you guys have so less Charge Stations , back in China , We might have started EVs years after Tesla , but public super charge stations are massive . there are trucks, vans, buses that runs full electric, so there are some commercial charge stations , some of them can hold up to 30 units charing at the same time , but power distribute are not ideal , nomoraly one unit have two charge guns ,and they share about 160 kilo watt . and more to that , these commercial charge stations have variable prices for busy/idle hours , busy hour up to 2.4 RMB per Kw/h, whlist idle hour can go 0.5 RMB per Kw/h , and that is include both electric and service fee.
Great review of the non-Tesla charge process
2:38 hm, makes me wonder if there's some anti-reflective screen protectors so u wont have this issue anymore?
As a Tesla owner I would prefer to see you guys charge elsewhere.  This is an excellent example of how every other manufacturer of E v's has missed an industry standard that's already been established. Tesla was 1st. Tesla is best and Tesla's the only one who built their own charging network imagine that.   Long ago ice vehicles established a logical standard of putting the refueling port on the back driver's side corner which makes sense late at night why would you want to walk around the other side of your car?  Complying with that same standard Tesla put their charging port on the back driver's side corner the most logical spot on the vehicle. Additionally gasoline companies came up with the idea that all vehicles should refuel with the same nozzle,l so all gas pumps have a standardized refueling nozzle.  So these 2 facts confirm that every other EV maker got it wrong like it or not Tesla has the largest established recharging network so you should use their charge port and their charge port location.  Remember folks you're not just buying an EV you're buying a charging network as well once again Tesla's leaps and bounds ahead of everybody else.
So to add “50% charge” (30-80) it cost you $30…so (roughly) a full charge would be $60? thats about the same as a tank of fuel and I dont have to worry about finding a gas station, or it’s cord being on the wrong side, too short…. Plus oil base fuels are cleaner to produce than the battery you need to charge. I dont see how this is any better.
You think Elon gives a shit about this? Cause I don't.
Why are the cords so short?  Seems they should be a few feet longer.
Make the charging cords slightly longer and repaint the lines so the chargers are centered with the parking spot. Then any car should fit.
Modified retracted cables needed by the looks.
Definitely a game changer. I have an R1S coming in a few months and I was thinking about passing on it precisely because I was worried about how few chargers are out there.
So, you're complaining that the Tesla charging station is not "optimized" for your non tesla... Yeah, maybe be happy that tesla is doing anything at all to make them work with your vehicle
Interesting.  They are charging close to double the actual cost of Tesla.  My charges costs are between $10 to $20 on the road.  Usually I just plug in and find a bathroom and food.  Then watch my app while I shop.    What Tesla is doing is smart.  They are picking chargers that are in low use.  Off the path.  Making more money.  And Make you get the app and in that think about how so much easier it would be to get a Tesla.  They are programming future owners. With the app you may wany to order a Tesla with that app.  You might look around and see how much.
The map centered on 0,0, which is known as null island.
The map defaulted to off the coast of africa because the software didn't figure out where you were and defaulted to co-ordinates 0,0
Strange that you have differences for Tesla and non Tesla chargers. Here in Europe it is all CCS. Also, some Tesla Superchargers opened up for non Teslas already a while ago but I guess it is all easier if there is only one charger, i.e. CCS.
Move up up you still have three inches
Superchargers are not meant to be used all the time, the battery life-time will go down
Next time you’re in Westchester County, they have those Tesla superchargers in Tarrytown New York, about five minutes from the Mario Cuomo Bridge. Adjacent to the Sheraton in Tarrytown.
Very informative video. I’m not an EV owner at the moment, and I suspect I will wait on making that move until most of these things are worked out. I’ve never been an early adopter of new technology.
That space is plenty and enough for all EVs , this youtuber is trying to be petty
So to get 50% of the charge cost almost 30$, I'm also guessing you were there for more than 30 minutes. I'm not sold on EV technology at all, unless, I'm charging at my own home, which will cost me over 20k to install.
My prediction people are not going to be nice. some people will die and there will be much property damage from the charge rage violence and shootings. This will be unfortunate I am give thoughts and prayers in advance. There is a solution but it to will require cooperation over competition and greed. redo supercharger set ups, standardize the charging location ( this would be good also for ems/fire services too),  or maybe make some kind of extension cable non-tesla owners can buy.
30$!!!!! What happened to the “don’t have to pay for gas anymore” price of 11$. filling my accord at the present gas prices is about 36$ I’m for EV’s, but it still has a long way to go.
They could offer extenders on the side of those chargers (fastened by some kind of metal wire pulley).  That way you are able to extend the cord if necessary.
50 cent kwh in USA? Wow is that a normal price or non-tesla premium?? That's so expensive.
got to love destroying the planet mining all that lithium then having a coal power plant to produce the power for you as you end up polluting more then a standard new gasoline engine
Tesla should have demanded an extension/ conversion cable for non-Tesla's.  Where is RIVIANS network of chargers or why didn't that adapt to the better charge stations?  People suck and will only do what is convenient for them. Clogging up 3 Tesla stations is great for everyone other than a Tesla owner. The Charger should at least clown them for their poor purchase.
Did I see you in the Bronx today? Yesterday?  I was in LA 2 weeks ago and it’s tough the yards where people are charging we’re dusty dirty mismanaged…nightmare …ono one is washing their cars down there… there has to be a limit to the time maybe or people are just parking as well…😞
Dude pulls up in a Lucid!  Ballin!  As for the charger, they'll just make a longer cable.  No worries, it's about money. Easy decision.
The map defaulted to "null island" - where zero latitude crosses zero longitude.
Ford is doing this now and it’s great to see
Good god, that’s expensive for electricity. I guess you’re paying for speed
Tesla is trying to be like the iPhone with their lightning cable 🙄 hopefully the EU will make Tesla standardise the cable like how they've made apple switch to usb-c
So itll cost $30 for a day’s worth of charge! Got it.
Could you not just carry your own converter?
This video quality is obscene
Bro 2 mil view so popular and so stupid. If the cord is too short carry an extension cable with a plug from tesla to rivian and boom problem solved. You parked on a normal spot no app no nothing just connect your cable to tesla charger and vuela - magic like Mr Bean would say.
Why not park back in ?
30 bucks for 55% charge?? Even Gas at its highest is cheaper for a full tank of 91 on my 60 liter jeep
the chargers will have to be standardized sooner or later. just look at gas cars and how the pump fits every car at every gas station
The reason I didn't stay with electric after my lease was the lack of infrastructure. If this had been available, I would have for sure stayed electric.
You really should *use a matte screen protector* to diffuse the reflective light source. Plus, no more fingerprint city on your phone. Honestly shocked you never use them but ALWAYS complain about fingerprints.
Defaults to Africa because that’s where null island is.
Who was more focused on the phone 📱 than the charging stuff 🤔?
Can there ben just extension cords available for purchase to add some length?
jesus its expensive as fuck $0.49/kwh I gotta spend $49 to charge on a 100kwh battery and it takes longer than fill up with gasoline. The advantages for ev cars are no where to be seen. Either they gotta bring the cost down or make it a faster charge maintain the same cost
Defaulting to Africa is interesting seeing how it's Elon musk's birthplace.
What if Tesla just made the damned cables longer!? Ford just partnered with Tesla sooook get ready for lots of Fords at superchargers.
Who you got John Schnatter to make a cameo...Nice
$30 for 30min of charge. LMAO. Where is the savings there? I thought electric was supposed to SAVE us from cost?! hilarious ..
Bitching about Tesla chargers and not having a Tesla. lmao.
Rivian stock droped like 98% ... right?
The idea I will make energy charging available to you if you buy my car was a deal breaker. Now that there is a market opening to make chargers available now I am supposed to be happy with an average at best Tesla service? Once again, it is a deal breaker!
rivian is translated as eternal donkey.
“This is going to be a huge problem”.  Engineer: I made the cable longer 🙄
Or you could just pull up to a gas pump and be on your way in 3 minutes.
gas stations solved the problems EV chargers are facing now decades ago lol
Why not just add a jumper cable or make the cables longer?
Buy a Tesla. All other EV makers will go bankrupt.
The map goes off the coast of Africa because that is "Null Island". Basically the coordinates the map got as inputs must have been invalid and it defaulted to 0 degrees North and 0 degrees East.
so it costs you almost 60$ for a full charge, isn't that expensive for an EV😅
Went to the comments and saw the Tesla engineer mention they will be looking at the Costco style long cables.  Smart cost effective solution.
I’m still confused why the Tesla cable can’t just plug into any others. Is it literally like Apple lightning charging?
Its 100x easier to just get a gas car and fill up in 5 min
The fact that it defaulted to Africa and am watching from Africa really added the salt the wounds 😂😂😂
Even with a cell phone instructions say use our charger no other. Why chance it; so much to lose.
Considering how much a troll Musk is I could easily see this being an intentional troll for non Tesla users.
Rivian looks good, but the discharg briking stories are a horror. No way, i sold old my stuck from rivian.  The tesla is owesome , their chargers are just the bomb
The public charging experience for EV's is still the achilles heel.  If you can charge at home and very rarely rely on public charging then that's a good EV use case, but anyone who needs to rely heavily on public charging, especially with non-Tesla EV's is going to need a lot of time and patience.
Miss opportunity for a major joke on that Africa but!!!!
I guarantee everyone that once they ban all gas powered vehicles, it will cost people THREE times as much to charge their EVs. The Fat Ass Gubm't will most definitely slap on taxes that will drive up the charging costs even more. It's all about government control. And when they want to make us suffer, they will shut off the power grid like they do in California. It's no fun living through rolling blackouts when the grid can't even sustain the population. And EVs will make it worse.
I can't buy an electric vehicle until they get charging down to 15 minutes.
Great Video...  Real time, and REAL WORD Info...  * Perhaps Ford should consider going with a top open flap over the charger connection instead of a front side swing door approach?   * Shared you on my Socials!
$0.39/kw!  4x the cost of residential electricity That sucks about the f150. Extension cables needed.
I saw one of my local superchargers on the map of available ones like this and I think I did notice the adapter. Pretty interesting.
Hey, easy solution, make the fucking cables longer. The end.
Misleading to call them "public" chargers.
This problem can be avoided in its entirety if charging stations are built like the Tesla Superchargers in Sweden instead of in rows.
Could you possible use an "extension cord" you always carry with you?  Serious question.  Are there extension cables?
The Ford truck guy needs a suicide door on his charging latch door
nice,,, the more places the better :))
People are never happy. They always complain about this, that and the other thing. It’s going to cause a lot of anger for tesla owners when they have to wait to charge….
Very good video. How are you liking the Rivian?
I simply do not understand why the states do not unify with type 2 CCS like the rest of the planet… Would make import export so much better!
What is the best android app to find charging points all over north america?
@1:35 damn racist ass Tesla app lol
I have a 2016 VW eGolf and this has to be the worst thing about it. It would be a perfect car and experience if the chargers ever worked.
If we're serious about making EVs the new standard car, EV charging definitely needs to be standardized and ubiquitous like gas stations. I hate when people defend Tesla having their charging stations be exclusive to Teslas when they were only able to make all of the superchargers because they've been supported by federal tax credits for the entirety of their company history.
Have you heard of any updates recently? been quiet since the first wave in Late Feb early March.
nice
If Tesla wants to be able to use public networks, they should be forced to open their network, absolutely ridiculous
Yesla..... it works! convenience but a little pricey.
MB is the kinda guy i'd happily pay a coffee to just to chat with him lol
This is the type of info I am interested in seeing as I consider the EV options as it is likely a big part of what users will deal with on a regular basis if not exclusively charging at home whether because of long commute, schedule, or traveling.
Sorry why is it risky? Excuse my ignorance.
Extension cord?
EV cars should comes with faster charger
Sorry i would hate to back up everytime i want to charge so that makes tesla a hard pass for me
Hmmm, not that exiting. It would be interesting if you could find a way to make the charger believe you have a Tesla. Change the charging system and computer in the car and make it charge at any Tesla charger.
I knew it. Create the infrastructure, then open it to every manufacturer. TESLA is again ahead of the game.
Bring on the Dongle!! We need more dongle! :D  Looks like Tesla is stepping in to earn some $$$ while aiding with 'non-tesla' owners to charge up. Hopefully this will get noticed and make the others step up in their charging stations.
There us a huge Tesla charging station in Woodmans store by me, if this goes well I might be tempted to get myself a new electric car if I know I can charge it reliably
Slow charging, makes me hesitant for purchasing an EV
Damn - wish I could've seen a wide shot of that Rivian and F150 next to each other. But other than that gr8 video!!! Seems like an adaptor for extra length is an easy fix.
1st world's problem right here. imagine someone in Ukraine watching this
The solution is very simple, get a longer charging cable.
Its almost like the layout of the regular  fuel stations is like that for a reason.
just change the parking spaces to fit the chargers. or refit the chargers like a gas station with 2 in the middle.       | |8| |    where the "8" is 2 tesla chargers.   His skin is so nice too...is he wearing makeup?
Why till now Revian is unable to start mass production ?Iwatched a YouTube video,one young buyer said he ordered his R1S in 2019 and it was delivered in 2022,OMG 3 years to wait for a car?what if he died befor the car was delivered ????I find it disappointing in many ways,lack of charging facilities,lack of service branches etc FINALLY when will R1S be available in EUROPE ???why can’t Rivian setup a production line in Europe ??
When is Tesla going to open up charging stations for my Canadian Rivian?
We all know why the map showed Africa first 😂😂😂
I guess we now know why gas stations are designed the way they are.
What is the app that you're using to be able to connect to the test the network currently I'm using the Electrify America evgo whatever but I'm curious about charging at the Tesla charger stations in California
Most Tesla drivers back in (I usually do), so you're using the same spot as I would, so don't worry about that. The cords can usually reach if I pull in nose-first as well. Will it reach the other side of your Rivian if you parked in the adjacent spot?
Start carrying a 3 foot extension...
All of these issues discussed will be solved when Tesla lengthens their charging cables. Simple solution. Costly though.
they could do the costco thing and have a longer automatic retractable cord so you could charge on either side.
People will cut them off and sell those cables for their scrap and copper. lol   Good luck
Is it not obvious that standardization needs to happen?
Tesla is the  iPhone of evs 😅 while everyone else is Android
*I would like to see more of these on the road shows--this was a good one.*
Does it always cost money to charge? It seems rather comparable to the cost of gas, add that to the higher cost just to buy one. I don't think I will be driving an electric anytime soon.
where did you get that mag-safe chargers for the Rivian?
You are so aware of the nuances and why they matter! Fantastic!
Manufacturers need to stop putting charge ports in different areas. Put it at the nose of the car or rear of the car. Also adapters need to be universally pinned for similar volt/hertz.
Maybe one thing that could be implemented in future Tesla charging stations is some sort of retractable charging cord- i.e. one could pull on it to make it longer, and then it would reel back in when no longer needed. Just my thoughts.
"Mar-kiss" lol
The clowns who actually bought a basic f150 for double is funny
I Live in Westchester, NY and these dont look to far away thanks for the advice and showing us how to do it.
Dang 30 minutes. Not this guy. I'll keep my diesel truck and be driving on the road in less than 8 minutes.
I just watched a vr ad
Great vid. My question is, can a non tesla car use the Tesla chargers with an aftermarket adapter? In other words, if I bring my own adapter,  attach it to the Tesla plug, and then plug into my VW ID.4,  will that work?
All they have to do is make the cable longer so people can park in the right spot and can reach their charging port problem-solve👌
Why aren't there extension cables that you can keep in your car?
This is so annoying that you have to wait that long for a car to get charged.
how about someone can create an aftermarket extension cable?
Do they make extension cord that can be used to extend?
Parking at the charging spots isn’t a charging company problem. All ev’s should have a standard charging port placing on the vehicle
Still going to drive my ICE vehicles for a much longer time now
This thing can be solved either by making the cable longer, or by standardizing where the plug is on the vehicle across the industry.  I think we can look to gas stations however and draw wisdom from that.  Just make it so that a car can pull up on either side depending on where the manufacturer has installed the fuel port.  Zero friction.
People are not going to want to move or wait longer so that non-teslas can charge.  I hope they give the non-tesla access to the older or out-of-the-way locations.
In 15 years that truck will stop working,
When we will get universal charging port for all EV, it's feel frustrating every model develop their own charging port, seriously this what slowing us down to EV adoption.
Dumb, just get a older Prius.
Long live internal combustion
$30 dollars going from 30% to 80%,  that isn't cheap....
HEY dude I know you are going to be awesome and books for kids and
hearing charging speed in miles per hour is kinda funny
Yay...now you get to wait half an hour so you can get to the next charging station & wait another half an hour.  Awesome
In some parts of the UK I’m paying about 90p or $1.11 per KW
Tbh as a Tesla driver it would piss me off if the charger is blocked by a non Tesla
Love that the lighting  was able to model if the experience would be positive or not.
Such a shame that other EVs didn't accept Tesla standards to start with.  As a Tesla owner this is not going to be a good experience for me anymore.  Think I will avoid Teslas chargers that have a magic charger capability.
i think the easy solution would just to be to make the cables longer or coil up similar to gas pump hoses so that youd have proper parking etiquette or whatever so that it doesnt matter what ev is in what spot and every ev has access whether they have to back in or pull straight it, it would only need to be long enough to reach the opposite spot
There needs to be a standardized charging port and locations.
It cost $30 to fill up? The cost savings over gas is not as big as I thought it would be.
This is rich people problem, not for me 😂
That is a very short cable.
Good things to consider. I'm happy everyone was accommodating, but that's not always going to be the case.
Hello.  We own a model y (wife) and I'm getting my f150 Lightning tomorrow.   I know there's a few videos out there like this one mentioning how to open the Tesla app when you don't own a Tesla.... Does anybody know how to get to the selection of charging a non-tesla through the app if you already have your car listed there?  I don't see any options.
What is the magnet tray on the center console? I need one!
So much time wasted charging toys
If longer cables are an issue at all, maybe try doing what they're doing with some vacuum cleaners. Retractable cables.
Dude lucked out running into Brownlee.
Or you could just buy a gas vehicle and fill up anywhere 😂
I doubt this will ever come to Japan, because the only other socket in use is the Chademo, and I don’t think the highest speed is anywhere near what a supercharger can do
Excellent video bro. I appreciate the information you sent out on this video, but ford did a poor design on the charger door
i was going through Conn. last week on 95 there must have been 50 ev's lined up, backed out on the road waiting to charge, people did not look happy, we got coffee and stretched filled up with gas and all the same cars were still charging...not good
As a currently not ev driver, i like that they think about opening up for everyone. Looning into the future it would be a hughe mess if every ev company had to build up his own ecosystem to charge there cars, same goes for tesla. Ofc it sound nice if you have a tesla that you have a charger just for you, but imagine you could not charge somewhere else and other conpanys are allready heavly populatet in you area. What u do then? Its like gasstations that will only refill a specific company, that would end up in trazillion more gas stations for no reason
*THINK THINK:* That Ford Pickup guy from @ 10:40 would have easily charges his vehicle, IF he had put the charge cable from above the opening cover !!  He tried to insert from the sides, hence he ran out of cable....  What ya all think ? *Food kart Channel* thinks it was just using a tad more intelligence out there in the situation.....
what is i bring my own adapter to a tesla supercharger that is not on the list would it work?  What about also on the list but my own adapter?
that default to africa shit was a lou0d silence for me idk about yall ... LMAO
Who wants to deal with this lmao
30 bucks for 3/4 of a charge hmm not bad compared to a gas truck. Also, now I'm not buying a lightning. Can't wait for the gmc Denali ev to come out.
THE SOLUTION is for non-Teslas to bring their own adapter with a 6ft cable, or for Tesla to replace all cables for longer ones, and everyone parking at the correct spot.
bro is blowing my mind with the small sh!t he’s complaining about. insufferable
No rivian o ford super charged?
Need a extra cable
Even if it were free (it’s not, it’s expensive) I wouldn’t use the right wing extremist trumpf supporting musk charging network !  musk wants you to add his Tesla app to your phones.  Don’t do it!!
If only Tesla had just followed the standard connector that literally every other EV uses from the start then you could have been charging at Tesla chargers the whole time…
Somethings I don't understand about EVs is that they seem to intentionally make dumb design decisions. Like, why is there no android  auto or car play? Why do I need to move the vents on a touchscreen? Is the idea of EVs to make simple things worse? It's dumb. Focus should be on ease of use. As you move forward in time, you improve usability and not make more complicated so that it feels more "futuristic"
Even a supercharger is too slow for me. I'm gonna keep driving gas power
RIVIAN aka DOA
Now, this has got me thinking. At Sam's club, if you park on the wrong side, so like if your gas tank is on the left, but the pump is on the right, there's a little cord that will extend a little so that you can pull the hose further. Wonder if Tesla will get something like that.
I'm not going to see it. Not going electric, I like driving across country
So what do you do for 30 min while  sitting at store. Make more you tube videos. Lol lol It takes me like 3 min to fill up and im on road again.
What an awesome human u are , loved the help you gave to that person to promote his channel
Well I’m broke so I’ll just keep pump gas 😂😂
Don’t the teslas have two ports I saw a video the other day about it?
Probably met this guy by coincidence … and by coincidence will meet now more often 😂
Longer cable create no video 😂
They should exchange the cables by 1-2 ft, may not look as pretty when idle, but will save a lot of headache in the future for non-T EV charging.
Bold w those plates
$3 for 7 miles? Im good lol.
I thought you shot this with a high-end camera. Damn, iPhone 14 Pro!! 🤯
I've noticed that the app GPS starting from Africa happens in the Domino's app as well.
Think it should really have been law that they use a standardised charger
So, what range gives you U$30? Because if I put £30 into my 2.5 V6 I get if I drive normal around 200mls out of it, and if I drive like an hooligan I'm still getting 150mls out of it.  One of the reasons I never got an EV was that I do a lot of miles, I like driving and I do around 90mls / day. A 2nd hand or even a new petrol or diesel is cheaper than any EV on the market.
WHY SO CRISPY
Very informative!  First time I have seen a video about this!  Excellent commentary on the pros and cons.  I think Tesla is making it available to look like the good guy.  But I think owners of non-Teslas, if they travel a lot and need a Tesla supercharger, will come to realize that their lives would be so much easier if they just owned a Tesla instead of a non-Tesla, and THAT, I believe, is Tesla’s ultimate objective!  👍
So the black tesla owner is the ass hole. Gotcha
Adding an additional 2 feet of cable should not require a rocket scientist.
I suspect the test chargers are specifically in stations with low usage
The equivalent of pepsi bottle, coca cola glass
Solution is they're going to have to make retractable charging lines which my local gas station has where is doesn't matter where the gas port is because they can pull the line further out.
so they just had to add a retractive spool system to the chargers to give a bit more length for non-teslas. This potentially can even allow teslas to not only charge their car one way lol.
thank god we only produce clean energy in the us or else this would seem really silly.
F150 should be on that one all the way at the end where the other one was parked diagonally.
On another episode of Rich people problems 😅
Other than aesthetics, is there any reason they can't put longer cables on these chargers?  One more loop of three or four feet would make a world of difference.
@MKBHD and @Auto Focus theres a promising company called EV Solar Kits that right now have solar panel roof mods for tesla model 3 and Y as well as a universal roof mount option for any ev and i was wondering if you can contact them and review their products im [-] this close on buying one and if you can review it see if you can get a working physical version thats promising that would be amazing man thank you love your videos if you cant its completely understandable and always have a good day man :D
Tesla should offer a longer cable on a low boom so this isn’t an issue on some chargers that way no matter the location there’s enough cable to plug in , there are charger design options out there Tesla especially in Norway without having to juggle park which will be a big issue in la
I was about to say there is no way you are in Africa with that perfect English with no accent.
EV no thanks!!!
$30 for that much charge. I have never had that with my tesla. At most its been like $20 down here in GA. Are those NY prices?
The one charger off to the side was placed there for this reason.
Imagine falling for the electric car save the planet bullshit 😂
What if they change how they position the chargers?🤔
Simple fix add 3-5 Ft to the cable and your good to go.
Standardization is going to be a big factor in wider acceptance of Electric vehicles.
There are a lot of pull in Superchargers as well which should work better charger cable connection wise. I just charged at one and have charged at others. If the other EV manufactures had any charge location standard that would help, but they don't. That certainly isn't Tesla's fault as their's are standardized. Also charge speed, depending on the battery temp and how much charge the battery already has the charge speed will vary and this is normal. The Rivian may get more charge speed with a warmer battery with a lower charge percentage to start. Just like my Tesla. Also charge time, when on a trip you may not, in fact usually won't, charge to 85% because as the battery nears full charge the charge rate slows down. So it could have been 10 minutes as opposed to 30 minutes to continue a trip which is what the Superchargers are more intended for (charging on a trip). In short you are a charging noob. But not a bad video. I gave you a thumbs up.
1:30 tesla is racist
Nice video and helpful feedback for owners and the industry. Seems like any easy fix (a number of solutions seem possible) to a problem that will become more common as more EVs hit the road.
Need a few more end-row chargers to accommodate non-tesla charging.  "Gonna be a huge problem - for a lot of people...."  Um - no one forced you to buy a "non-tesla" and then deal with the third-party charging infrastructure.  This is why I didn't by a Ford, Rivian, or anything BUT a Tesla.
its clear whats required is longer charge cabling or for an agreement between manufacturers to place the charge port to the same place on a vehicle
charge times are still really really slow, this needs a serious upgrade
Thanks a lot for this timely article.  I'm awaiting delivery on my first EV an R1T.  We are scheduled to pick it up day after tomorrow, March 24, 2023.  I've been following you posts and really like the way you present stuff.  This one in particular is interesting because a brand new Tesla charging station was opened very near me with 8 positions.   One question:  could a fairly short jumper cable be used to solve this problem . It would have to have a female J1772 and one in and a male J1772 at the other.
Hmm but wun DC fast charging cut the life/dependability of the batt pack?
so is there a charging port adapter that you can buy independantly it would open up the world of tesla chargers for all
There has to be standardization from the government because these auto makers ego and greed won't ever accomplish it on their own.
I‘m really not getting your problem wirh the truck taking up two spots. Why could a tesla not park left to the rivian and charge? Simply bc the rivian occupies one cable, the one that it is charging with?
A longer cable would solve the problem
I was listening in on an EV focused podcast when State of Charge guy mentioned that he met "Mar-keys Brownlee" had to come watch the full episode.
People spend big bucks for the car but won't buy an extension chord. Ev users are very anal. Tesla was first and the charging stations were designed for the tesla. If others want to use the station they have their charging ports moved to where Tesla has theirs or bring extension chords. Tesla should make it's stations able to detect if the vehicle is in the right spot. It's the Tesla customer that is loosing by not being abe to use the spot designed for the car
Get why Tesla have done this but when I show up at a Tesla Supercharger in my 80k Tesla and I can’t get a spot because there’s a whole load of non-teslas taking the spots I’m going to pissed.
That charge port is asking for debt. Front end damaged and your fucked. Stupid placement they need to relocate
This isn't a Tesla problem.  It's an every other EV problem.  Tesla was kind enough to open their charging stations to everyone at the expense of Tesla owners.
I foresee Tesla implementing a system for EV owners to reserve a charger prior to their arrival. However Tesla giving priority to Tesla's for reservation times.
Ev cars are a great deception 😮, charging rates$$$, charging times, infrastructure, and environmental impacts are greatly oversold
Luv the fact that they are rolling this out but in Florida I could see this causing mortal combat.  Definitely needs to be addressed but I do believe this will create faster adoption through the entire industry & overall a net positive!
Early morning charges!
Longer charge leads.....
Electric cars are the future but man... A lot of work needs to be done before I would ever pull the trigger on an electric car. Annoyances like this, overall infrastructure, charge speed and the fact that they aren't really as clean as we are led to believe (given life-cycle).
I don't like stretching it like that.
I like my vehicles like I like my wife. They both produce extreme amounts of green house gasses !
all the cars FLAP should open up not sideways
11:58 dude is milking the problem for content... it does actually reach
Great Grimacing Greta !   30 - 85 %  for $30.00 Whole Dollars which takes more than 30 minutes of ones Precious Time !    Not even a Full Battery ! It would be So Much Cheaper to just use the Petroleum Fuels for Vehicles which exceedingly proliferate in every county in the contiguous United States of America, WITH the Added Bonus of Filling Up in 5 - 7 minutes,   than it is to use a stupid charging station, that is Powered By Coal, Natural Gas, or Nuclear Power at an Inflated Price (.39 - .49 cents per KiloWatt/Hour vs Home Electricity @ .12 - 18 cents per KiloWatt/Hour !   That is called Highway Robbery !)   that takes up to FOUR TIMES LONGER  for a 50% Charge (80% - 30% = 50%)  !
drive a gas v6 works better, faster and easier lol
my charging station ran out of gas lots of people waited stuck 😂😂😂
yea ill just get gas and move on
30 minutes to charge up even at a super charger?  It's wholly unsustainable.  We should wait for hydrogen which allows fill up in the same time period of gas (petrol) - 5 minutes.
Yo this fake Nigg interview  Bill Gates and never asked him about the vaccines He was creating for future massacres !!  I would not take any advice from this azzhole about anything
Do they make an extension cord?
Awesome video bro thanks man 😁
I can charge my car faster for about the same. Takes me around $35 and 2 mins avg to charge my car to 100. It doesnt matter how cold it is. But mine uses a special liquid you can find at this specialty stores called Gas Stations, Pretol stations for my bri-ish friends. Anyways great video :D
gas cars if they get a dead battery use another battery to start it. Now you will be carrying little gas generators with a charger adapter, to get you to a charging station if you run out of battery.
sitting around for 30+ minutes just doesnt feel right
Nice to see a different format, cell phone reviews are boring.
I wont how these ev's behave when you have the heat or AC on in the winter or summer... if it tells you 300 miles to the charge i've heard its like 120 when you actually are using things in the car or the weather is suboptimal. My dude is probably charging nonstop living in nyc
my only complaint would be people are too large to get out of their cars when im in the US. the door slams into my car, I would be angry if it werent a rental.
Make the cable retractable, easy, ffs Tesla
It "defaulted to Africa" because 0 lat long
Stick with gasoline!
I don’t have an EV yet, but i really appreciated your video to help me understand some of the issues I’ll run into. Thanks! Keep it up!
30 bucks for 30 minute charge??? 😂😂😂😂😂 oh man, and when everyone decides to buy electric cars, then there’s going to be a line..so the wait will be longer…and then you’ll have to deal with psychos….
$30 for 50% state of charge… sounds like the gas savings they rave about are not as good as they seem!
The charging stations will either need to be adjusted to help fit other EVs or other EV companies will need to rethink where to have the charging port for future models.  I don't have an EV, yet, but do have money in on the Aptera, which has the charge port in the center back. That location or the center front of the EV would be the ideal locations.
I live in Brewster! That charging station was just installed a few months ago. Brewster is a commuter town for NYC.
Next time you are in Brewster make sure you stop by Wandering Dave’s, amazing food
they just need to move the lines to have chargers centered.
Great to see you helping out other youtubers ❤
If it's create too much problem...  Tesla might disable the charge for non Tesla
They need to build two port wire on each station
At 7:52 sure more people potentially waiting but Tesla making more money would eventually expand the service and quality. Everybody should win in the long run…
LONGER CABLES SIMPLE IDEA. COMMON SENSE BUT AS WE ALL KNOW. COMMON SENSE ISNT COMMON
Tesla will have a lot of problems with fixing those chargers due to the non-tesla
Could they not fix this by positioning the chargers similar to gas stations? Some cars have their gas on the left and some on the right, but because you park parallel to the pump instead of perpendicular, you can either reverse in or go forward. I know that might be a problem because many of these stations are retrofitted into pre-existing parking lots, but that seems like the only reliable way of fixing the problem. Either that or developing an extending cable similar to that of a dog leash.
Who owns a rivian?😂
EVs are junk
Charge ports being on the left has never made any sense to me. If I park curbside, the right side of my car is near the sidewalk. Where I live sidewalk chargers are common, but you have the string the cable across the car into the road
good to see you out and about
You paid $30 from 30% to 85% I think is more expensive then gas prices
how many  miles does it get on 50%??
bro who the FK decided it was a good idea to put.. a fairly IMPORTANT part of the vehicle....  in the MOST LIKELY place for damage to occur..... fuck they really engineer this shit to break.
this is bad bro... i meazn gas takes 5 min u are good to go!
I. literally thought the shots are from a mirrorless cam not only to find in state of charge that its an iPhone 14 pro🥲
Hahaha first world problems
fueling a car for 40 minutes instead of 4 sounds like a pain in the ass
1:31 "Defaults to Africa"... maybe that app is a little racist.  😅   https://youtu.be/eC3uqNapTbo?t=27
Instead of pushing against monopoly, let's just give more money to Elon; he clearly looks like he needs some.
easiest solution ever, longer cables that roll up themselves from the inside, so the clean look stays preserved.
HOW ABOUT THIS.... DON'T BUY AN EV 🤣🤣🤣
Driving 25min to wait for 35min is a non starter.
Bro ... I will never wait 30 minutes for my car to charge.  This is some rich ppl bs
Longer cables but ones that retract back into the charger so it doesn't just tangle. This could work relatively easily just need a longer cable.
Now that the ev market is not exclusive to tesla they're trying to expand in to service and selling charge.
They need to put the chargers on the centers of the parking spots and make it 5ish feet longer and I think that would help so it works with both sides.
Tesla could solve this problem if they'd incorporate a longer cable and either center the "pumps" on the spots and thereby make it clear which charger belongs to which spot and make it not matter what corner the charge port is on, or else build pull throughs in the style of a gas station; the latter would have added benefits for anyone towing.
Shouldn't these chargers be universal..like gas pumps
I whouldn't be supprised if the plan is to like in the rest of the world phase teslas into being CCS too.
So, instead of leaving Tesla's infrastructure alone and actually investing  into standardized electric vehicle "super-charger" stations (they all need to be "super" chargers, people aren't going to wait hours to "fill up" at a charging station). They are going to try and force a single company to modify their whole infrastructure to accommodate the needs of every EV manufacturer instead of forcing every EV manufacturer to pay into the R&D cost of standardization. That is how dumb the EV ecosystem is right now. They want to get off fossil fuels but have no clue how to, A) Provide clean and adequate energy and storage or B) How to get that energy into the vehicles efficiently. They should have just stuck with hybrids, only the Sith deal in absolutes.
I would be more worried about the cost in the future. Knowing fossil fuels are abundant and will never run out. Electricity is abundant and free yet we chose to pay for it. EVs will crush the economy and environment very soon.
They need extension cables....
How is Tesla a luxury car?????????? Lol. Just get a Bentley, you can afford it, then tell us Tesla is Luxurious. Lucid at least looks luxurious, although it’s probably vaporware
Auto makers need to decide on a standard port location and configuration. They certainly easily could but will they? Likely there will always be a Apple like company that thinks they need to make some kind of proprietary garbage to set them apart and cost consumers more money just because.
It can be simple. They'll designate a non-tesla area, and they'll most likely buyout and replace the old generation EV chargers with non-Tesla Superchargers. The only thing standing in the way, and perhaps the reason they are rolling it out slowly, is how far they are willing monopolize the industry further, and if it's even worth it.
I'm completely perplexed. What's with all these indignant assholes complaining that Tesla didn't design their parking lots for non-Tesla vehicles; none of which have any uniformity in charging ports like Teslas implement.
Was it really that difficult to make it like gas stations? Have a cable on each side, and put it next to the god damn parking space?
Elon was extremely intoxicated when he decided to make tesla chargers only... Imagine mercedes Benz only gas stations, bmw gas stations, honda gas starions etc... Who thought about this ?
Lol. $0.49/kWh? They are really reaming you.
every EV owner need a extension cable.  Like every combustion engine owner need a jump start cable in his Car. End of Story.
Wow! $30 for that charge. SMH
the port isn't on the road side. The cable length needs to increase
We definitely need a consortium like they did for the USB-C. Get all the major car makers to agree on a charging port standard. I vote for a center plug on all cars- front or rear. That way you put the responsibility on the charging station to provide a length of cable to reach that location on the parking spot and all cars can use. If yours is in the back center, you back in. If yours is in the front center, you drive forward into the spot. It also gives the car manufacturers some flexibility to place the charging port in front or rear of the vehicle according to their design needs.
I’m still waiting for the point where everyone wakes up and realises electric vehicles are a nice sentiment but not the future. Stop building them and focus on reducing the need for cars.
Big deal
I love those Rivians man, I hope they come to Europe
it's only the rich that can afford these and the 30 minutes for each charge
Can't they increase the length of the charging cable?
im offended it defaulted to Africa for you.
Cant uh, orient them like uh, gas pumps?
sounds like it is just as expensive as gasoline and much more of a hassle. It does not seem practical to get a EV yet.
Hi Marques I like that phone, could you link me with the specs. Thanks in advance.
The fact I have to stick around for 30mins at a Has station is crazy. I get the money saving but you are wasting time.
Definetely needs to make it work without the need for any fiddling on the internet. Having DRM for charging your car is just yikes.
how hard is it to put charge ports on the front on both sides.   that would have been a better option.
LOL @ EV owners
30-85% is $30? Doesn't make it seem worth all the hassle.
Imagine having to take out your phone to fill up gas. Hell, imagine waiting an hour to fill your tank up. EVs will never replace ICE vehicles.
Tesla has no obligation to accommodate Rivian's port location.
Tesla has no obligation to accommodate Rivian's port location.
I think the problem with positioning on chargers will be gone soon because people would start inventing and buying an extension cables so they don’t have to be precise on parking, like F150 Lightning was.
Wonder if someone could come up with an extension cable for a reasonable price and  if it would even work or would it mess with the connection too much?
Why did they make such short cables? It's a bad design, you should have a headroom, not make it so that it's barely enough
Super! ... Charger! 😀
Rolling out slow is perfect cause it’s they don’t have them in Chicago at all and it’s weird even the shortage of regular chargers is down and it’s dumb
Why is no one talking about how crazy it'd be if you had to make an account on your phone to fill your car with gas
I have one question  A lot of electrical products have a statement in there EULA "end user Licence agreement"  that your warranty will be voided if you use non standard power adapter with there products,  I don't own an EV so I don't know what is in the user manuals of the EV's on this topic  but are owner's maybe accidently voiding there own warranty's without even knowing it by using a non-Tesla at a Tesla Supercharger?
longer cables is the easiest thing to do, unless you want to get "people" involved, ugh.  Laws, regulations, etc.. Or Manufacturers can start adding 2 charging ports, 1 dead center front and on the back.
Tesla Superchargers were not optimized and designed for non Tesla ev when they were built. So yeah that problem was not foreseen. Pretty sure Tesla will fix that problem soon.
The solution seems obvious here. Longer cables and moving the charger to the side of each space to ensure every charger is usable.
I think map was centered at 0,0, which is just off the coast of Africa
Had no idea Marques was a Jersey boy.
They can use it ! think it.... Electric extensions !!!!
We all know why it defaulted to Africa.😂      In all honesty it’s happened to me too and I’m not black, I think it just does that for every device.
Electric cars seem like a pain in the ass. I’ll wait till it gets better
State of Charge is a Gem. Thanks MKBHD for this treasure.
This is why the European solution where everybody has their own cable makes a lot of sense I guess.
I expect Tesla will probably redesign the layout slightly so the chargers are in the middle of the spot instead of between them and the cables are slightly longer so it can be used on either side.
So shocking Ford still doesn't know how to design vehicles.😆😜
I could never handle this
Yo Marques is such a genuine and cool dude…. So humble like he’s not one of the biggest YouTubers around 😅…
Who else was more interested in the device he shot the video on
Interesting .... you would think that the various manufacturers would have  given some thought to all of this.
Maybe some extension cable.
At least tesla is making a difference and making their charging stations more important for all cars  The lighting should have taken the charger in the 1st spot where it's on the side  Maybe tesla needs to just add a dedicated cord that'll let non tesla to charge at its max? With longer cords?
They should just remove or back that post a feet. It is just a sign
Gosh, such a difficult situation, it's going to be really hard to come up with a solution to this dilemma. I don't think this is actually solveable, we'll probably have to go back to steam locomotives or horses, perhaps even walking.   If only there was a way to make that cable reach further, like that magic contraption at the gas station, where it reaches over your car to the other side, I wish that sort of wizardry could be applied to cables...
Man I wanna get a Rivian r1t but I'm In Sabah, Malaysia 😭
They have just opened up / beta testing out the new V4 chargers in Netherlands where the major differences is a longer charge cable
Tesla could solve this remaining problem by installing longer cables when they retrofit the pod with the MagicDock.  There will be a small additional resistance in the cable, leading to some heat losses but they´re smart and can work it all out.  I hope they make this adjustment as they roll out the Magic going forward.
There is a cheap solution for these issues. Tesla just needs to increase the cable length. Or non Tesla owners can carry a CCS extension cable with them.
4:10 😭🤣 get a hybrid car not these bs frrrrr🤣🤣
My friend just got a Rivian. It's one of the best vehicles ever created!
Africa is the default 😂
I'm guessing it defaulted to 0 degrees latitude and longitude, which is just off the coast of Africa, right about the spot on the map that it defaulted to.
Teslas need an adapter to charge at CCS stations.  It seems reasonable to ask these vehicles all with their own unique charge port locations to buy an appropriate length extension cord for their vehicle to work.  It doesn't even need any adapter or intelligence, just a male and female CCS connector to extend the Tesla magic dock cable to where they need it.
Great video!  Simple, They need to get longer cables and figure out the spacing.  I live in Shanghai China and these HIGH SPEED stations are everywhere.  Most cars/vans/small trucks are EV.  These parking lots are packed and they are everywhere and it works.  Come to china and get some insight!
There's only 1 electric vehicle and it's called fuckin worthless. I can charge the battery on my 3500HD at 90mph on the highway.
Imagine this happening in the Bay Area
Extention cord anyone? Gas station-style charging?. Would have covered parking for rain/snow. Tesla charges your vehicle quicker than Electrify America. I do think that the ccs combo connector has a faster/higher charge capability than Tesla. Tesla has had ccs charge ports in their European autos. Just need standardization(ccs) so we can move forward. Tesla started it(that's good).
About time to make the charging stations universal... would be crazy if each manufacturer keep their charging stations to their own brand.
We don't need longer cables etc. We just need to standardize charging ports to the left rear of the vehicle.
The fact that so many non teslas are being driven makes my heart warm!
I see a market for extension cables.
chevy volt not getting the love it needs
The solution is...wait for it...longer cables!  Smh. Such drama over nothing.
🤘😎🤘
Honestly, it'd solve a lot of issues if they just reversed the whole thing (i.e., in all future EVs, the cable comes from the car and plugs into the socket, and for existing EVs you use an adapter cable). Though that'd of course come with other substantial drawbacks.  Feels like it's gonna be a long time before things are implemented properly. And first and foremost there should be absolutely no need to use an app to unlock the chargers and such.
That truck is ugly as shit it looks like a transformer took a dump
As a Tesla owner this is absolutely infuriating. If I showed up at a supercharger to find a mess of lesser quality EVs scattered about I'd loss my damn mind. The only reason they exist is because Tesla went against all odds and pushed the EV market to the mainstream. And now we have to share spots with other EV models that wouldn't exist otherwise? There should be maybe 2 out of 10 spots reserved for non-Teslas only if they are available and they should be charged 5 times that price we are paying. Also, if you are going to use a Tesla supercharger why don't you just, oh I don't know, buy a Tesla? Why waste your money on a non-Tesla? I truly don't understand.
fairly sure i seen a video that showed that Teslas have 2 charge ports one on each side might have imagined it.
Already in Europe for quite some time. Of course same issue regarding the position of the plug on the car and length of the cable, but that's not really a problem actually, certainly not a Tesla problem.
Tesla should definitely share the same “hose length” as regular gas pumps so it can work for everybody!
All this because tesla wanted to make the shortest cable possible
Rivian is by far the best EV manufacturer to date. Frankly I'm shocked tesla would even let"non tesla" evs charge at their networks given how they want to snuff out any competition since the only good thing about tesla business model is that they had no competition.
Today I'm gonna use windows  in Mac book  Android in iphone  Charge pod on gas car
Will it get worse because more people are charging? yes it’s inevitable
As an european these F150 always look so comically large to me. You might as well just drive a semitruck XD
i''d saty the short cable is on purpo se.  They can claim  usability for all cars for public money, but not be as feesabile for all EVs
this is so refreshing, a video without all the gimmicks, traps and baiting just full on valuable content and taking us on a journey with a simple one camera vlogging set up.
Are there cable extenders that ppl can buy & carry around in their trunks?
I prefer battery swap like ur bbq gas tank
i don't even own an EV but i thought this video was very informational and well made
It defaulted to Africa?  Racist app, hello!
Ford needs to make the plug's door open the other way to make it work. It's an easy fix.
My gawd EVs are so fuckin stupid,  they use to say that the point of technology was to was to improve my life and make it easier. But all the technology just feels more annoying and frustrating than anything else.
one day ur just gonna touch the charger and then good to go. 1 second charge maybe faster
I'm debating on getting an EV. The question is does it cost less to charge than gas?
The grocery store that has the only chargers in town, the cable is nearly 10 feet long, we have lots of snow so it seems they accommodated that with longer cables. Sorry no pictures. :( It is a thing for MN tesla charge stations.
solution: all non-teslas can get a 10' extender
I Hate  EV
house bill
Love gas on car  easy
You could just reverse in to the spot.. You don't need to block anyone..
It's called standardization...
This mans Tesla app defaulted to Africa, low key racist.
Why did i think you were british???
They definitely charge you more than Tesla drivers
The problem is that the cable length has for sure been optimized/studied for quite a while in the design of the charging station. Heat dissipation based on distance, wattage required for throughput with considerations on degradation continuously and over time, etc.
Here's a fix.  Move the door for the charge port to open towards the drivers side door vs away.  That thing shaved like 3-4 inches off the length of the cable alone.  If the door open the opposite way it would have more clearance.
You guys realize that it cost you 100 dollars to to charge that thing?  Do the Math. 185Kw peak charge.   Say you wait now you need to charge it to 180. That's 88 bucks right there.   This thing cost MORE than a full tank of gass to run on my Nissan Altima 2015 3.5  Like what?  Then you're paying a ton of money monthly for this thing.   This is all silly lol.  OMG plus this parking situation.
🔥
That Rivian chirp is sooo nice 7:23
i personally dont believe you should be able to gatekeeper charge stations. like if i can fill at any gas station I should be able to charge at any charge station
Hydrogen engines are the future. The EVs will die out eventually
can i ask u what phone have u pls ?
Good to know. $30 to get to 80% from 30+% doesn't sound great though and reminds me of gas prices when they were normal.
This is much more convenient than the gas stations that are on almost every corner. Even sitting for 30 minutes for a full charge is better than a 5 minute splash and dash. How is the electricity for this Tesla charger being generated?
As a Tesla owner, this has a potential of causing major problems if I can’t charge when I need to because of these non-Tesla cars taking up space.
From 30-85? 55 percent charge is 30 dollars was expected much less very interesting
Does't tesla come with charging ports on both sides.
Maybe people can buy some sort of extension cables
Retractable cable should do the trick
Charging stations are the new social hotspots. Why they don't all incorporate a coffee shop is a missed business opportunity.....
Half hour😢
30 to 85 takes half an hour? Really not sure why people like electro cars that sounds horrible for long trips
#2  don't tell me I would need to drive 60 miles for charging. Brother you got the wrong vehicle waiting to get fueled 42 min...+ 60 miles to get fueled.
Are cable extenders not a thing?
5:15,,, I don't understand this guy... is he stupid? he can plug his truck in with 1A....not blocking Tesla at all...AT ALL...(pull up beside 1A and done)..yes he has to wait for 1A when 1A tesla is done but what is the big deal. THERE is charging possibilities..
Glad we're not supporting a brand that supports conspiracy theorists and Jan 6th sympathizers.
Man when i saw the "Shot on iPhone 14 Pro" in the description... I thought it was a red camera
The phone sending him to Africa is hilarious to me.
how many questionable ev extension cords are gonna show up on amazon now? and ebay, wish, aliexpress, etc . . .
Rivian is the best EV period.
Dude this is awesome!!  Thanks. Edit: I’m guessing Tesla realized they could pull down cash if they open up. I will be looking in my area.
This is ridiculous what you have to do to charge these things.  And they're charging even tesla drivers now?  I'll stick to gas.
bunch a crap still. call me when we get it down!
Today I heard Electric vehicles are catching fire and firemen don't want to go near the car because of the lithium battery. So they let it burn.
What’s the problem? Get a Tesla
Now they know to use longer cabels for future magic docks.
a good solution would be extra long chargers
Saw you on the "Magic Dock" video. We are getting our R1T soon. We have a Volvo XC40 and when we use EA chargers, those cables are short as well. I bet Tesla installs longer cables.
When did you become a member of the Maquis? I'd be very wary of Captain Sisko. He's coming.
Ford engineers really messed up how that flap opens up, Rivian did it the proper way
Someone will make an extension cord possibly. I haven't got an electric yet so im not sure what's involved
I only charge my Audi E-tron at Tesla stations in Norway after they opened up. The cable is long enough if you park your car sideways across a couple or three stalls. Typically no problem in Norway where capacity is more than great enough so that no one is bothered. Some stations do have longer cables or the charging station is placed midway in the stall.
or tesla should license out their port design along with software just to interact with chargers.
Tesla just needs to make the cords longer maybe 10 ft?
Is there a coffee shop or Hotel near by, I have an idea.
Love this review. Of course there will be hiccups. They're trying to retrofit something that wasn't designed for this purpose and, in the great scheme of things, it's still progress. It's not perfect but it is, inarguably better than it was before.
Haha, take that, Tesla. Any video about tesla which isn't praising it, is a like from me.
What this would(Should) do is,  Put Non-Tesla EV Manufacturers under some pressure on Placement of their car's charging port. Which I believe is a good thing.
Could they not just have a longer cord/cable, problem solved?
The cords on those chargers needs to be 2-3 feet longer. I have no idea why they are so short.
Defaulted to Africa 😂💀 Racist phone 📱💀
What phone is he using?
Imagine that everyone has a Tesla or an electric car, and we all recharge our cars at night. The electricity system would not be able to handle such a large demand for electricity, and electricity prices would increase. More serious issues would arise as well. Therefore, I believe that electric cars will be quickly replaced.
Solution = longer cable
EVs are becoming smartphones on wheels. Lol
Why are EV manufacturers still fighting over plug styles??? Consistency will make it less expensive for everyone!
And if your phone dies... your EV bcomes a brick, and the charging station is a sharp stick in the eye.  I am becoming less and less enamored with lashing our lives to telco's.  It's unnecessary, and probably dumb - your investment, co-opted by a third party.  Tech for techs sake:   what are you really getting?
Well, there is a rule working with high Amps on cables, keep the cable as short is possible, otherwise the cable it will start exchanging power for heat and no one is paying for this. Can't really see how this can be solved apart from forcing all manufactures to use same design in charging port placement. Sure thick wires can be used but handling it will become a issue. Nice to see Tesla keeping a open mind
@Marques 1:35 It didn't default to Africa. It just centered on the middle of the world (Latitude 0, Longitude 0), which happens to be close to Africa.  Admittedly, the app could get your approximate location and center on it but well, who knows what goes on in the minds of developers? 🤷🏽‍♂
No thanks! EVs are a big joke. They aren't helping the environment.
I would have so much anxiety waiting for an EV to charge
u are not right u can charge tesla on back at both sides
Is not the problem of Tesla you need to bring an extension cord to cover the length need it.
Good points. They need to figure out the parking stalls and cable lengths. I’m a Tesla owner and this is potentially a big deal for us, not only having other vehicles taking up not only taking up one stall, but TWO!! Good for non-Teslas to have SC access but a huge negative for Teslas. Decreases one of the huge selling points for Teslas. Thx for your video.
come to india we will show how easy it
The car manufacturers need to consider this scenario in their future builds. It's so obvious that I wonder how these electric vehicle designers have not considered this scenario already. If they did, then they didn't do a good job.
oh it's a truck
No thanks! No EV’s yet!
Electric vehicles are great for those with money and little knowledge of physics.
Nooooo, OUR chargers that WE paid for because you all didn't want to buy a Tesla and now you want to use OUR chargers.  PFFT.
Kinda crazy how everyone is nice and polite in your area. I live in LA, it’s the exact opposite
Prolly cause ypur black
Marques is in Westchester! Let’s goooo!!
Love when car makers bring over the same BS of different proprietary ports like cell phone makers do lmao
Gas pumps have all kinds of tech scammers use to steal simple credit card info. Now have a ev connected to your wallet address and contacts.
Spent so much time complaining about how the short cable length would impact a lot full of non-Teslas when all you had to say was "Tesla just needs a longer cable." But how else you gonna make a 12 minute video amirite?
2023 and people have to spot each other into a space and/or wrestle with a cable.   I can’t even consider an electric car because i need to use a wheelchair and can’t get down the side of two parked cars 🤷🏻‍♂️
I liked this video. It was interesting to see how it all works.
Sounds like additional revenue for Tesla?
As a man who hates regulation they need to regulate where the charge port is.
You could have parked more to the left then a tesla could back in for the one next to you. Also are there extension cables that you can buy? Then you can just park in the right spot
Can the Rivian driver just Cary an extension cord with them to not block the spot?
I’m a Tesla owner and I have mixed feelings about it. On the one hand, I like this bc now owning a non-Tesla ev becomes an option for me and others. But on the other hand, I don’t want to be that guy stuck behind a non-Tesla ev occupying two stalls. But overall, I do like this idea bc now having a cheaper, better made ev is an option. As far as Tesla goes though, this will take a lot of their customers away. I mean, I wouldn’t have gotten my Tesla if this was in place 1 year ago.
Just start carrying extensions for the charge cables 💁
Well this wasn't a surprise: in Europe is almost more than a year that they started to open up supercharger to other electric vehicles. It was just a question of when this would have happened in the USA. Although there was the question of how they would have implement an adapter (In Europe Tesla use CCS combo like the other vehicles so no adapter is needed)
39 cents per Kw isnt the energy in USA something like 16 cents per Kw?
Can you get a extension cable of sorts?
One of 2 things can happen if they go forward in regards to the layout, either they extend the cables (retractable or just straight up longer) or they reorient the chargers the same way gas pumps are. Glad to see things are getting unified.
Lets be honest......The whole charging experiece sucks.
I can't believe how much extra money and hassle the electric vehicle is right now. That Ford Lightning over $80k not including the home charger.
Waiting 40 mins for full charge, na
The Cables could have an option to be drawn more longer
That strained charging cable on tha Ford F150 Lariat is a safety AND fire hazard waiting to happen
I’m surprised the chargers were not set up like fuel pumps at gas stations which are set up to accommodate vehicles with the fuel door on the left or right.
We all know why it defaulted to Africa 😉
Watched this video while I filled up my Nissan Titan with gas, I wasn't able to finish the vid  :P
Waiting in line, to then wait for 45 minutes to charge your car... I'll pass.
30$!,,
Excellent video.
charging experience hahahahahahaha
The EV world would be far better off without Tesla.
Hmm.  I do think I might own a non-Tesla EV one day, but I don't know if I'd pay $30 to charge there.  And of course, Elon's genius wizardry is almost defeated by .... a snowbank.    (Also, when you showed us the map of these Magic Dock places it looked like the seats Republicans picked up last November in the House of Representatives.  Elon never does ANYTHING out of generosity or universal love.)
“Dis is not ideal dur” but I’m gonna do it anyway because I’m a New Yorker. 🤦‍♂️
It seems all "economic" and "ecologic solutions" are for less than 10% of the global population..
The problem will be solved when the other car manufacturers built their own charging stations so they do not have to use Tesla. I want to buy a Tesla, but now I am not sure if I want to go through this problem.
I am a Tesla owner. I already deal with enough assholes, Karens, and just overall rude, self-entitled people all over NY. You mention etiquette, but that has already been lacking at Superchargers just amongst Tesla owners - at least in my experience. I am worried that opening up some Superchargers to non-Teslas will bring a new breed of self-entitled assholes to these chargers. Overall, this is bad for Teslas but GREAT for everyone else because they now have access to the world's biggest, best, most reliable charging network.
bro what i didnt know u were in NY i always thought u were in Cali
The future is goofy... If the goal is for most people to have EVs chargers are going to be so crowded they're going to be unusable. Also what's up with that idle fee? You get charged for being connected to the charger by the minute after the battery is full? It's all goofy...
You see... at the gas station you wouldn't have this problem.
6:12 kW = power kWh = energy
Absolute madlad
The extension charging cable market for the non-Tesla just opened up!
I don't even (yet) have an EV and this was worth watching.
Only 55% and paid 30 idk if that sounds right… he went up for 30 to 32% and then that was already 2.30 something cents at the beginning of his charge for only 2%. Seems like the electricity seems just as expensive as gas or more and takes 2-3 times as long…
youtube thinks your name is kibishi
All i can say is should have bought a Tesla is your having charging problems : P
Ngl $30 bucks doesn’t sound cheap, a bit more and you’ll be up there with gas prices.
Buy a TESLA Numb Nuts!
I for one welcome our computational videography overlords ❤ Here in the western arctic we only pay .30 KWR!
Surprised how expensive those chargers are. $30 for the amount you got see pretty pricey
Tesla is updating the cables and making them longer. The cable issue will be resolved in 12 months.
Not sure how people have an extra 30 minutes to charge their vehicles.
9:05 this is all being done ON PURPOSE. That might sound crazy at first, but the idea is Tesla is making charging non-Teslas purposely inconvenient for Tesla owners to create a class system (a la Apple) to make it where social dynamics also play a part in people choosing to just buy Tesla
I really appreciate this video!  This will make my work trips with my Ioniq 5 a lot easier!
If you want to practice shakycam, at least shoot and upload at 60 fps, not 30 fps. This is unwatchable.
I dont get it, do people regularly drive more then 300 miles before being able to charge at home? it just seems confusing to me
Commence Tesla Karen complaints in the next few months
All EVs should have 4 hidden charging ports on them. Two at the rear sides, one at the front in the middle of the bumper area and one at the rear bumper area; in the middle. They don't have fuel tanks, so they are not limited to having a single side port.   If you drive into a parking lot that has a charging port, it common sense that the charger should be facing the front (or rear if you reverse into the space) of the vehicle. The side charging ports are just there in case you run into a weirdly placed charging station.
Tesla could easily fix this with longer cables. Yeah the cables are more expensive, but Tesla can easily afford it.
I honestly wonder if Tesla adding the adaptor like this is a way to prevent what happened to Apple. Being that EU ruled that Apple must have all the same USB-C charge ports as all the other companies. Personally i think they quicker Tesla adapts to this ruling as well the less likely they will eventually be forced into it as well much later on. What needs to happen however is for the EVs to set a specific spot at the from like your truck where the charge spot should be. That should of already been a mandatory thing being as its what Normal Vehicles did with the Gas tank. Imagine if the gas tank was in all sorts of different spots thats just be absolute nonsense so why do it with EVs
it's giving the apple ecosystem to an android device
Imagine if America had a thing called a government, which is by the people for the people, so a government, which job is it to control companies, keep them in check and to do things that benefit consumers aka regular citizen. Then this government could say, require, demand that all Electric Vehicles use the same charging port?. That would be amazing.
Quick someone make a special EV extension cable. Get rich opportunity.
Nah,I’ll take 20 regular 🫡
tesla is racist as fuck, opening to africa. SMH!
My best guess is Tesla sees this as an opportunity to corner the charging market. They can diversify their investments further and future proof themselves against just EV sales. If Tesla makes money (I expect they will), they'll be able to easily re-invest in more chargers.
Two youtubers randomly meet up at a Tesla charging station and are both filming videos. Welcome to 2023.
Can I be the videographer for this channel I need a work brother
If you was to plug in your EV and charge at home every day?  Say someone who mostly drives a under 60 miles day 5 days a week mostly to and from work. Before and after on your home light bill is what I've been looking for now for a long time and never can find information. Let me say real information because I've seen where people have said oh it only cost me a few cents or dollars to charge. I know what a 1000w draw or a little more from my past experience with grow lights and things like that
You might want to look in Elmsford ny at the stop n shop. They have a bunch of tesla chargers in a row.
Is MKBHD Millennial or Our generation?
So you spent 30 minutes to get 50% charge....and it cost you $30. Question is how long  will it be before you need a next charge? These vehicles are cool but are they worth the hassle?
10:29 - "Shooting regarding tesla charging spot"- how long do you think this will come out your car speakers? USA, the "first world....buhahahhaa, I cant even finish this I am laughing so hard.
30$ to charge!!!! I thought electric was cheaper. How long does that last for?
It said there were only 3 spots available, so it seems it doesn't open all the chargers for non Tesla?  So in your California scenario - you would not be "Invited" to use that station.  (This was  a question, lol)
Imagine that someone...ahm..."someone" take their F150 and install fake charging spot, come to their local charging place and leave the car all day long, parked in the charging spot  for these "fake green" tools. I...that would be mean...but funny. :)))))
2:03 - 49 cents for one kwh???? Sure, EVs are cheaper... and greener... and practical. Sheep. . . . MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I'm so glad we in the UK are a few years behind the US. Just spent 8 minutes filling my Citroen C3 with petrol. ☺️🤣😉
The supercharger were made for Tesla, don't cry , it's your own fault
EV's are trash dont be fooled people and its another way to control you Stay woke
Почему на видео присутствует негр?
They probably should have an extension that clicks on there.
that issue that state of charge found w/ the 150 was exactly that I thought when I saw what you had to be with the Rivian.  I am waiting for my mach-e, and thought, "there's no way that that cable gets to the port at the A pillar"...  looking forward to the opening up and increasing the size of the charging network.  growing pains suck, but we'll figure out how to get through it.  Thanks for the vid
I think there will be a lot more charger extensions cables popping up.
My Nissan after removing California carbon compliance junk gives me 44mpg and cost me 17k brand new, holds 10.8 Gal of fuel and comfortably goes 450mi per fill up. Gas here cost 2.98-3.20 per gal.  avg fill up $32.94 (takes less than 5min) I normally fuel it once a month. My work commute total 17mile for a total of 476Mi per 4-weeks  I think waiting till they figure out how to recycle all those batteries and the silly cost comes down before I switch. Now makes no sense whatsoever.  Going to take a while to make up that price difference Rivian RT1 67,500 VS Nissan Versa 17,800 = 49,700
I hope you won't be meeting some karens while charging
30 bucks... AND how much did you pay for that machine?
Or make a rule where the charge port needs to be, like from the front or back. So we don't waste long cables as they need to get thicker too then, and cost more.
Tesla users are going to be so upset when it's busy times.  I love it
Non-Tesla extension cables to buy and add to the Superchargers cable length and does the F150 cope at all other charger types ?
You could have used space 1a without taking up 2 spaces or the wrong space. That charging space is set up for plug-ins for any side and point around the vehicle.
For how little it would cost, companies need to start putting 2 ports on their cars, one either side
Good Start at least, they dont need to let anyone charge.
Can this truck tow my landscaping trailer? I am Looking to save money. Everything is so expensive
Wow charging is cheap there. Here in The Netherlands we charge at a public station for 60 cent per kWh...and thats 22 kWh. Super chargers are closer to 90 cents...
marquees brownie
The way the F150 owner said Marquez 😂
Doesn’t this mean charging your iPhone with a Samsung charger 😂
I don't understand why EV manufacturers seem to refuse to even take a look at what's already out there. Is it that hard to agree on "corner of the vehicle" and maybe even place one charge port on each side of the vehicle? Come on, that can't be that prohibitively expensive, can it?
I'm not feeling the $30 to charge from 30% to 80%.  Seems high to me.
Clusterfuc.
It cost you 30$?! I know that’s cheap for a truck but I can’t help but compare it to my gas only hybrid. I rarely spend that much for gas.  I might wait 10 years before getting an ev so this makes more financial sense and batteries become more environmentally friendly by ditching the rare earth metals.
Why we just don’t have all the same type of plug like we have all the same nozzle for gas
i sure do love markeys brownlee
looks like that map in the tesla app probably centred on 0 longitude 0 latitude
No one's moving over.  Ppl at gas stations are savages.
Tesla's going to have to increase the cable length for this to work effectively.  The Lightning barely reaching and the Lucid parked diagonally is just a mess.  If I pulled up in my Model 3 Perf and saw what I saw in your video, I'd be scratching my head, and probably a little miffed.  I'd also be wondering why they didn't just go to a nearby CSS charger in that same area.  CSS companies like EA have to step up their game.  If they did, there would be no reason for non Teslas to charge at Tesla super chargers.
Finally, a process more stressful than using secure-a-spot for the first time. Lol
They could make the charging stall rotate so it xan get to either parking spot. Also extend the cable a bit
Wow. Ford is actually delivering Ford Lightnings?? I spent two years on the wait list, said "f*ck it" and bought a Tesla.
So you need a phone and good credit to drive a electric vehicle?
that is crazy wow its like ease of convince almost for non evs (tesla) its like unlocking it for other cars almost like a phone unlock lol awesome
Question, you seem educated non-Obamaish, can you charge for free any where in America. If you had no money but a Tesla could you drive for free? Episode "Charging with on a USB  cord". Metaphor!
They are all JUNK!!🤣 This is why you should go back to gas or diesel!!🤣
Oh shit that’s so close to me
The easy solution is for someone to manufacture an aftermarket extension cord that you simply leave in your vehicle and it can accommodate you regardless of the charger location.
Tom! What a small world.
How did they not think of the cables?
So if your not saving on the cost of gas since that EV charger would be $60+ from 0% to 100% then what is the point in an EV again? I thought you would recoup your costs from gasoline... You cant recoup the costs if the electric is the same price lol..
Marques, please tell me whats the actual cost to fully charge Rivian battery? When You Google it out , answer is waaay different than what You just said in this video.
The stupid charge station should have been laid out like a gas station. Problem solved. LOL
40 cents per kWh makes these chargers (or EVs, depending how you look at it) massive money burners. That's equivalent to $13 per gallon.  And considering that much of the US electricity still comes from fossil fuels, it's not even helping the environment as much as it could be (although it is still better than gasoline combustion... probably 2–3x better to be fair, so I don't mean to bash EVs)
It's a truck... Just pull it around the other side...😂
Great vid and that’s pretty badass all the array of different EVs that pulled up. Could not of worked out better 👍
you might need to get a extension cord for this to work smoothly for you. I dont know how you would get a proper cord for that but i would think it would be possible.
your phone might be racist
Not sure why ford didn’t have their charging flap open up instead of forward…
this can be solved so easily by just laying the chargers out like gas pumps.
it'll only be odd when it's a mix of Tesla and non-Tesla. if they're all non-Tesla, you'll only waste one spot. thanks for the video!
This whole EV thing is odd on a lot of levels.  Here is yet another. HAS ANYONE in this industry who is building out INFRASTRURE, (ie hard to change) thought about STANDARDIZING the charge location? I mean its like the whole industry is so WHACKY that the basics are not thought through.........this is basic stuff. If the 'hose' (cable) is short, then you better be darn sure everyone is designed similarly. If not, I don't know, how about taking a cue from the GASpumps and have a design that allows folks to stretch it over.......my guess is the cost of the wiring, (like everything else in EV), is ridiculous compared to a gas hose...... - let me guess how the etiquette will work....a TESLA owner, (just saying you guys are kind of shall we say, different, will demand that tesla cars GET PRIORITY at TESLA superchargers........ - be nice about shuffling, come on now,,,,,and you are in NY......I can see this either being crazy bad or totally opposite where all the 'love and peace' of the EV community will result in nothing getting done at all......just sayin - one more, exactly HOW LONG do you guys sit there charging? 300 miles will take HOW long???
I think this will cause a lot of 'Charger Rage'...
I don't know why... but I thought charging EVs was free. How much does it cost to fully charge?
https://youtube.com/shorts/ykIjlo-DlnU?feature=share
$30 bucks and 30 minutes wasted
Tesla own you one more!!!!
Maybe Tesla should start selling extension cables.
The LUCID AIR is the best looking car for all those !!!😍
stick with gas
you coulda charged on 1 a
Me and my polestar had a great time in California. Charged to full at any mall or parking lot with a charger.  Also. I can't believe it cost you 30+ bucks for one charge, at this point its not worth to convert at that price... I drove over 2400 miles and only spent 56 bucks on the polestar charging. It helped that many of my destinations had places for me to charge for free (restaurants, landmarks, tourist locations)
that guy can pull up way more
It's a Tesla/Musk thing to release tech before it's ready.
Ah, I was looking for some good comedy, you made my day!
nice of you let that man advert for his charge-channel
This is very interesting stuff
Nice video. I appreciate the info shown. Just reaffirms for me I like my gas vehicle.
30% to 85% in 1/2 hour for $30!!! WTH that’s 5 times the price of my Ford Focus Gasser!!!
the epitome of first world problems. love it.
All the chargers you see around, 80% of them don’t even have a power source connected too them. States use this whole electric car phase as right offs for installing them wether they function or not because they can say they offer “green energy”. The truth is there isn’t a enough infrastructure to even run all the chargers you see, and that’s why you find so many “not working”.
A potential workout around for this particular problem would to have the cords extend out a bit further.
Did I heard ,correctly You've charged your Rivian from 30% to 80% in half an hour and that cost you $30 correct? So that means full charge would cost You around $60? And also what's the range of your truck?
Awesome video! Great info, as per usual.
How does this work when your towing a trailer?
Tesla's have a charge port on both sides of their Cars
charging stations that allow the cable to retract to give more length is likely going to be the next step i think.
That guy with State of Charge hit the Jackpot.  He must have picked up thousands of subs.
Big rigs  have self charging  axles.  Why don't the cars
I don't think I have the patience of waiting 45 minutes to an hour (perhaps if I was retired and wanted to read a book).  With the push towards EV, I don't think the current infrastructure supports it and there will be longer lines and possibly higher rates.  The battery replacement cost will exceed the value of the vehicle and owners may just walk away.
12 minutes, not a single word about the fact that many superchargers in europe are open to non-teslas. Great reporting as always...
why can someone not make a extension cable for charging? This would solve the problem as far as vehicle placement. It could be kept on your electric vehicle of choice?
It defaulted to Africa because the map initialized with default coordinates 0.00, 0.00
the charging door/flap should be removable somehow - or open the other way - if the f150 lightning charging door opened the other way the cable would of fit
The auto makers need to pay attention to this video because this problem isn't just going to affect Tesla stations.  The random location of charging ports makes it difficult to avoid this sort of chaos, but one thing they can do for a start is to change the charging door so that it either opens up or down rather than forward or back.  That way the charging cable doesn't have to go all the way around the door, which could risk breaking the door and stresses the cable.  Longer charging cables go without saying.  They need to be at least as long as a gas station hose.
This little EV gathering was awesome. Great to see organic experiences from random people, even though I fucking hate EV drivers on the road.
$30 is more expensive than I would have thought
if i am not wrong this is telsa reaction to new EU rules about a universal charger ports
Why would anyone buy an ev?!
Any way to use your own charging cable with a female to male adapter and just extend Teslas charging cable?
It would be cool to meet up with you some day. I live in NY I’m in the catskill area
Let’s all agree on 1 thing - all EV owners are cool folks ❤❤❤
Why not use the one where the plug is on the left side (usually for a tesla with a trailer). Just park outside the spot. When available
Hopefully, they can install longer cables.  For example, a lot of petrol pumps, have flexible hoses starting at about 3 meters above ground level.  This allows you to walk to the other side of the car and fill up.
If parking spaces were available on the other side (both sides) of each charging station maybe access could be almost doubled.
.49 cents per kWh, .49 x 143 = 70, no thank you lol.
We've had this in Europe for about a year now. Hardly any complains and seems like non-Tesla prefer non-Tesla chargers. But big difference is that there is actually a choice for generic chargers.
Rivian connector = F150 connector , then isnt it Tesla is not following standard? lightning in the age of usb C  :D
$30 for +50% of a charge (+150 miles for the R1T) is expensive! That's 19 cents per mile...  A gas-powered F-150 rides at 18 cents per mile, even when considering its worst mileage per gallon *and* the currently high gas prices
Waiting 30 mins in line to charge and another 30-40 mins to charge. Sure sound great at wasting my life away 🙃
Charge etiquette is already a huge issue here. Mostly Uber drivers plugging their cars in overnight in fast chargers. I call the cops on them every single time I see that, and they get ticketed every single time. Doesn't seem to make any difference.
5:21 is the LED on the tailgate blinking?
You loose your priviledge to have gas stations for your car only... That's first world problems
Seeing marques outside is just different...
Imagine a long line of Tesla drivers pulling in after you and waiting for you to finish charging.
Is that a Samsung S22 Ultra?
What camera did you use on this video?
Glad I'll never have to sit for 40 minutes to charge my car 😂
$30 to charge and still wait about an hour, I’ll stick to gasoline
Man thats a hassle. You need a smartphone to unlock the adapter? Innovation is nice makes our lives easier but this is making more complicated and we need to get attached to a mobile everytime.
Good to see u wearing the Yemeni flag 🇾🇪 hoodie that I gave you
The African thing was sus
Your phone is obviously racist. Defaulting to Africa😁
lol just buy a gas car
CHARGING SPOT SHOULD BE UNIVERSAL
Extension cable?
Pathetic =electric cars
Electric cars belong to Satan's puppets
Pathetic Democratic party leaders =Satan's puppets
Given human nature and no doubt some Telsa owners would have entitlement issues I can see they are not going to be happy with this arrangement as it has zero benefits for them personally
This confirms how I never want an EV.. who the heck wants to sit and charge for 40 minutes. This whole system is a waste of time. And still does nothing to reduce emissions
Ideally, a drive-through layout would accommodate varied EV designs.
Wow ! To think I can drive my petrol Car to town and back and fill it up in the time it takes you to charge in only one of a few Tesla chargers . Hahahahaha Petrol is such a great source of energy - readily available and so much more efficient .
May have to carry a very expensive 5 to 8 foot extension cord
sitting 30 mins to pay a dollar a min doesnt seem too much cheaper than gas, but im sure it is because of range. just kinda a woah moment for non ev owners.
Thanks for the info and demo
I see there is a market niche for charging cable extenders...
i got the answer longer cables.
$30 for 55% battery charge is insane!  Costs about $15 to fully charge my in-laws model 3 here in tx on a super charger.
Never had an issue with my internal combustion vehicle.  Electric is not the future and is dirtier than all combustion vehicles.
Great Vid! Had the designers of the lariat had the charge door open the other way? maybe. Waiting for the muti-adapter, Trust me it will come because people do not like to be limited.
I'm confused by your point that you're taking up two parking spaces, not really. Since the other parking space is open, they can just pull in and wait for the charger to become available. Of course, this will likely impact tesla's being able to charge if the lot is full, but that's kind of obvious going into it. I'd say Tesla sees this as an opportunity to keep their charging stations as full as possible in underutilized areas, so they will likely only roll this out in areas that are usually empty, that's my thought on it. Also, the little door on the ford should obviously open the other direction, shouldn't it? If you are charging at the front of the vehicle, the thing you are connecting to will either be beside your vehicle or in front, either way swinging the door the other direction just seems to make sense lol.
Is there an explaination why EVs do not have a standard for the charge port location?  I mean even regular fuel offers stations for the left side or right side.  So why end up making EVs where some take the front or the rear. Having one standard would solve all of this.
Which phone recorded this 14 Pro Max or S23 Ultra?
to me this is something that you as an owner just need to have a clue of just like knowing how to change your tires. yeah its a little bit of a pain in the ass but considering you can even do this.. wonderful...
Instead of adapters on the chargers itself, why not sell extention cables for the non-Tesla EV's? Also eventually Tesla will have build more SC. Then they can build longer cables.
This reminds me of how I feel when I pull in to get gas on a non-electric car.  Some cars the tank is on the drivers side and others it is on the passenger side.  So sometimes you can’t get to all pumps because of how people have pulled in.  I never understood why car manufacturers couldn’t come to some kind of consensus on where it would be located.  Same here with EV.  Why can’t they just all agree on where the port for charging will be located?  Would make everything much easier!
Great video but I think they will need to revamp the charging station
Cool now I can sell my 2nd gen 80 amp Tesla  charger to a Rivian driver.
MKBHD.... WHY DONT THEY OFFER LONGER CABLE'S 😕 BRO???? I DONT UNDERSTAND THE PROBLEM BRO
Is an extension cord possible or out of the question due to the high voltage/current of charging?
Reminds me of boat ramps and the occasional campers. Cool heads only stay cool for a little. I'm sure time will fix the problem but the early adopters are going to have some headaches until then. And the best part will be the videos of the Tesla drivers telling the non to charge at home or don't charge at all. Hahaha.
So charging the car in this chargers it's pretty expensive. I thought it would be cheaper
Just increase the length of the charger cables Tesla.
everyone should buy connector cables from tesla ! that would solve the entire overhaul of the installed chargers saves alot of money on rnd !
i never understood why any of the electric vehicle manufacturers don’t have a port on both the left and right. Then you just use the port that’s most convenient for whatever charging setup you come across.
The 1A charger would work if you pulled up to it, without going all the way into that spot.  That way, only one space used.  But maybe a little messily parked.  Thanks for the great info Marques!
Why doesn't Tesla put longer cords on those chargers? instead of making it such a pain in the ass, that doesn't make sense. and the guy with the Lightning he getting what he deserves. FORD'S ARE GARBAGE!!!!!
How many months until you can drive from New York to San Francisco using just the Tesla charger systems? I'd say at least 15 months until they retro-fit Half the existing network.
I think retractable chargers are gonna need to become a standard so that there are longer cables, as well as 2 cables per charger with one on each side to solve the parking problem
The cable length problem is already solved, while a short cable length by default is understandable due to efficiency.  https://youtube.com/clip/Ugkx3rxOvLUWwVgNLPc10pSQEE81k1EIcExF
Not as simple as just using gas 🤣
car charger extention cords?
i thought the point of ev was to make the environment safe they still need gas and oil to power the pad mount transformer and generator thats connected to it... or am i wrong?
Imagine filling a gas tank and being amazed that the gas pump is working.  Oh so awesome
$30 for 1/2 charge? How is that compared to using your own charger?
I can fill my gas tank in about two minutes   Enjoy you wait
So Nissan Leaf owners with CHAdeMO are screwed.
So you got a taxpayer subsidized electric car, you are evil.
At Investor Day they announced the retro fits will now use longer cables to accomodate all the different charging port placements. Should get better with time!
MKBHD, is the Ioniq6 on the schedule for review?
This is why electric vehicles are stupid 😂😂😂
“Hopefully people are nice” 😅😅😅😅
I think Tesla could, at a later point, give preferential treatment for Tesla users by reserving spots at superchargers. More incentive to switch over to a Tesla if you own another EV brand but have been accustomed  to the conveniences of a Tesla supercharger.
Nope
Problematic.  I wouldn’t want to be the off brand vehicle owner, not convenient
Nice Video, unfortunately all the links that bring you to this video are "A YouTuber charged a non-Tesla EV at a Supercharger and it 'descended into chaos'" at which your video shows no such thing and I guess someone is making money off false headlines and using your video as a crutch.
In Europe they have had this for some time now. There are numerous Tesla superchargers you can use with your non-Tesla. As a previous Tesla owner who now drives the electric Volvo XC40, I couldn't be happier. I missed the fantastic supercharger network...
I have seen only one F-150 Lightning and absolutely no Lucids other than show ones at the Palm Beach, FL dealership, and hundreds of Teslas in the last four months in Southeast Florida. I think it is HIGHLY UNLIKELY that a Lightning & a Lucid just happened to show up at a Tesla charging station without this having been pre-arranged. I know that this YouTuber has made other videos which are critical of Tesla, and this looks like a highly unlikely setup.
This is too complex for most people to be mass vs gasoline I don't see older or younger people doing all this to fuel up on non Tesla vehicles
easy fix longer charge cord or have the charges on the outside having a different connection.
I see a new entrepreneur market opened up extension cords for these chargers!
They need to implement an industry standard on charge port locations; ie., driver front left / passenger rear right (or vice versa).  That way your vehicle orientation wouldn't matter.  Also needed is a limitation on just how far back those ports can be; that cabling is expensive/foot.
I don't know how they didn't foresee this issue and just make the cables longer in the first place. Like, do a field test to see if different cars with varying charging port locations in a parking lot can all charge at once. I almost feel like it was intentional: have it sort of work, but keep a bit of friction, to keep buying a Tesla remain the #1 option. Which, honestly, is pretty genius of Elon: give the people what they want, but don't make it too perfect for the competition.
Lmao why did it default to Africa? 😂
That's not the only problem, where I live it's barely any place to charge, let alone sharing plugs with etiquette!!!
I guess we should keep in mind that it is still "early days" regarding EVs, charging, range, batteries etc. 10 years from now it will all be different, and surely better.
State of Charge, what a jackpot
hi marques 🤗 charging etiquette is my #1 concern. when Tesla owners start having to wait in long lines behind non-Tesla owners who are taking up two spots, I think it'll become a major issue. It appears that it can be resolved by making all of the charging cables longer (and retractable?), or perhaps identifying/prioritizing a number/percentage of charger stalls for non-Tesla vehicles.  this should definitely be slow-rolled. tfs
excellent video ..  superb Tesla charger . friendly bunch of drivers .
just saying - costco solved the left/right side fillers with a longer hose for fueling - seems like a no brainer for these charge stations.  I know shorter = better for electric but it wouldn't take much more for usability.
You just need a pigtail to keep in your vehicle.
"Not sure why it defaulted to Africa". Dude, I fucking died.
30 bucks? Assuming you have the 300 mile range version and comparing to a  20mpg truck, that's basically 4 dollars a gallon.. I know prices for gas varies depending on state and area, but where I'm at gas is currently 2.90 for regular. And it takes 15 mins to get a full tank.   So much for fuel savings.
This is what they did here in europe with all superchargers. We here haven’t had many, if any issues, but our public charging infrastructure (here in the Netherlands) is already really good, so, it’ll of course be different
You KNOW people aren't gonna be nice about anything.... The rift between tesla 'snobs' and the 'other' is gonna just get wider...Charger Rage incidents, here  they come.
LOL drive a couple hour wait in line to charge a day then charge for 6 hours. Soon your at the town limit sign. Bigger question is the gas tax on the bill ? If not how long till the courts start hearing cases of discrimination against those paying gas tax while electric don't pay same tax to drive..
In general if the cable can reach the socket on the vehicle why not just paint the lines so that you park directly in front of the charger That way it can reach both charging configurations.
I wonder if it only shows as available when there is enough capacity to allow for non-optimized users.   Based on the comments from investor day, it seems that they will be using data in this way at their chargers.
The charge port location on the vehicles should have been standardized in order for all charging stations to have the shortest cables possible. Increasing efficiency, decreasing cost of installation.
$30 bucks...damn. I spend around $60 bucks to get 375 miles (22 gallons @ $2.75 ga) on a 4.7 V8 truck that is paid off for many years. Along with high taxes on a new vehicle purchase and in MO, continued personal property tax every year. Life has just got to expensive to even consider the CyberTruck I put $100 dollars on.
There's a few reasons those cables aren't longer. The more amperage and distance you are dealing with equals larger charge cables that are incredibly expensive. I bought a 20 ft cable rated at 50 amps and it was $150
Why do rivian have the charger on the left not the right? Can't the industry just standardize this?
How can every other charging network make charging look so hard? At this point, it seems like every non-Tesla owner should want Tesla's NACS plug.  I certainly would.Obviously the cord length issue needs to be addressed.
You can’t just say “kilowatts” when you mean “kilowatt-hours” ya dingus.
Why-o-why didn't Tesla put CCS on the Model 3 like they did.... everywhere(?) else? Not like the socket won't fit on North American delivered bodies, the body is literally the same worldwide. Here in Europe Tesla retrofitted *all* the superchargers with Model S/X cables (150kW/v2 superchargers) to have Model S/X and Model 3/Y (CCS) cables. Now the 250kW (v3) superchargers only have CCS cables so only the relatively rare Model S/X need adapters.
WTF...34 minutes to charge?  Not ready yet to even consider buying one.  I'll wait till technology catches up!
False you can charge a Tesla on both sides. So all a Tesla needs to do Is back into any spot.
Came across this video about the upside and downside of charging stations! I don't own an electric car, but I try to keep up with advances in the technology. Mr. Brownlee is very informative and explains everything in terms everybody can understand! Great video, and I will be following this guy for future reference. Thank you, sir, for a very information packed video!
The Tesla owner's clique would be really pissed to see a Ford pickup owner obnoxiously parked sideways across several spaces just so the cord can reach.
Are you allowed to use/get an extension cable?
🤣
I really don't understand why they put the chargers at the end of the space... why don't they follow the gas station model so that people have the flexibility of charging either side or maneuvering backwards/forwards a little to make connection easy.  The gas station has evolved over 100 years to offer the necessary flexibility to make it work!!
mark east brownlee....we need a state of charge collab now.
can you check the Mullen ev cars
Why don’t chargers get put in the same orientation as gas pumps?  Yes more land will be needed but if we are serious about going totally EV then surely there needs to be much more effort put into this infrastructure from the get go, rather than this half assed rubbish being served up right now.  And having proprietary chargers is like having proprietary gas pumps, short sighted and a road block to going totally EV in the time frame some states are mandating.
$30 !?!! to charge??
I guess they should have made a standard charge port location when they first started making ev's.
Damn 30 bucks to charge, that sucks. I would thought like $12-15
As an ev owner since 2014 I was hoping this day would come. I have as yet never had to wait to charge anywhere (I live farther upstate in NY). I hope that they can roll out more chargers because the days of being in a fully empty charger lot are slowly dwindling away. Thanks MKB for showing the new experience. I remember a few years ago a company made extension cables for CCS. I will have to look them up
Longer cables would solve this!
I just charged a 2023 Volvo XC40 Recharge BEV at a Supercharger, and it was a bit on the expensive side, but it was easy. This was in Finland, and we have had this for over a year!
just carry an extension cable if you’re a not tesla charger 🤨
this is good engineering, software and hardware
Just need a longer cable for the chargers that have the adapter. Tesla causing unnecessary drama here.
State of Charge just got a huge boost
35 dollars that 12 gallons in texas  it takes me 5min to fill for 250miles in my jeep 20mpg.... and ho yeah that electric station  is power by oil or charcoal powerplant ......
01:33 I'd say it "defaulted to Africa" because it opened the map "centred" and Africa happens to lie in the centre of the conventional world map.
@MKBHD Why do car manufacturers use batteries instead of capacitors? Capacitors can store energy more quickly and release energy more quickly than standard batteries? Thus being able to charge the car more quickly and with resistors be able to release the stored energy at a steady rate.
This is awesome you guys and informing Tesla about the problems. This charges were not really made for other non-Teslas, but it is Teslas way to introduce and help all the Eevee’s to get in the market and I guess this will help Tesla fix the problem.
Overpriced garbage... no thanks... I'll keep my gas guzzling V8 and find any station I like to fuel up... you boys keep mining cobalt, overpaying for your paper weights... :)
Maybe we need extension cords for the reach issues.
I saw a video online that shows the Tesla having two ports one on either side of the back of the car.
I don’t get why Tesla would do this. A reason for many EV buyers to buy Tesla compared to other EV is that Tesla dominates the charging market. They have a large charging ecosystem and that’s one of the strong reasons why to buy a Tesla. If this roles out across all stations in future then buying a Tesla is not really ideal because u can get a cheaper EV with the same charging ecosystem. Tesla will lose buyers. If this causes issues I’m sure we’ll see some non-Tesla racism towards people taking up their spots 😂.
Realistically what you’re not paying for in gas, you pay for in time which ironically was the original problem of ev’s
lol  we need 10 to 20 times the charges and at 100k per charger..  wow..  good luck bra.  oh yeah  at 3%  for cars we have a grid with brown outs.  they are killing the source of power that is reliable focing unreliable sources..  ROFLMAO..  hybrids are the future
omg they had one job to do and they screw up the most simple part of it, so obvious that even a child could notice. Almost feels like it was intentional, comply with the regulations but still find a way to show the middle finger to the non tesla owners. I have owned a model S for little over 4 years and was lucky enough to get rid of it before the warranty expired, will not consider it as an option till that clown leaves the CEO position.
you've gotta have a long cable converter. that will solve the problem.
Extension cord would work.
$3 for 7 miles of range? I mean, I guess it's a truck but dang!
Am I calculating this correctly??? If he charged to 100% it would cost around $100 ???
You are such a handsome young man >:)
Interest you have to wait 30 minutes or more to charge up an EV.  Meanwhile I can go into a gas station and full up my ICE with gas under 10minutes.  But as long as you are happy to wait that long. And as long as you do not have to get somewhere fast. Plus, you can make some friends while waiting for your charging. 😁
"I don't know why it defaulted to AFRICA, just now."   HAHAHA.  Hope you have a sense of humor.  Look in the mirror, Man.  Maybe the TESLA app thought you might be from Africa, for some reason.  You gotta admit.  This is hilarious.
the far left spot that was designed for head in charging would have been the ideal spot for both of these trucks
that ford EV plug door is stupid..
Damn marquees didn’t know you were that close to CT that charger is like 30 min away from me I work at a rivian certified collision shop I could take one to try this out thanks for letting me know
You all do realize that Electric Vehicles have been made public and manufactured since the early 1920's.. Right?  Please remember to scream about the waste disposa;l of Electric batteries in 20 years... Thanks!
My 2003 Toyota 4 Cylinder gets more miles to your Electric. I have made over 460 miles per tank....If I drive very conservatively, I can manage over 500.  Come at me Brah!
So you're screwed if you lose your cell phone or it's stolen or the app doesn't work??
This would be an easy fix...Longer cables, or is there a reason the cables are as short as they are?
TIME TO HAVE A DONGLE
How many followers did @state of charge gain due to this vid 😂
hilarious how like 3 extra feet of cable fixes the issue lol
I can already see Tesla Karen’s telling people they should go charge somewhere else because of the inconvenience this is gonna cause
The simple solution would be to do what a lot of gas stations do and make the hoses (cables) longer. “Hose can reach both side of the vehicle” sorta thing.
Tesla knows what they are doing. They are pulling an Apple here. Making it as hard as they possibly could be. Smart strategy not gonna lie. I like it simply because Tesla is so far ahead than anybody else and it is not really a competition.
Is it possible to get malware in your car's computer from malicious charger?
make the cord longer. problem solved
Try Utica NY next
The easy solution would be to make the cables a few feet longer and retractable. That shouldn't be too difficult. But if everyone went electric and charging times are not improved, waits are gonna get ridiculous. Living in Florida, I can imagine what a hurricane evacuation might look like with even half the cars being EVs. That's real chaos. Obviously, most would charge at home first, but the state is 500 miles long. 😭
Really well done video.  A bit of a game changer for Audi owners who are at the low end of the range spectrum, BUT I do have charging ports on both sides!!
It costs around 30$ plus for the same range what my accord gives?! Then why electric ⚡️ cars 😅! Oops just realized global warming, climate change 😂😅😊😊
It will be easier in Europe as Teslas have CCS type 2 not their propriety connector in Europe.
just go to the farthest charger spot on the right
Don’t teslas have the port on both sides
1) Standardise the location of the charge port....  just like the last 50-100 years of cars' fuel ports.  2) Kilowatts and KilowattHours are not the same thing.
😂😂 I love how everyone that has an electric car is an “influencer”
$30 in 30min for only 85% charge, no thanks.  Time is money & I can make more money in 25min to more than make up for the cost of gas.
“You don’t want to strain your cable”, that’s what she said.
No one ever thought the future involved taking your phone out to take a picture, sign up and then get out of the car and manually plug in the charging cord.... The most ass backwards future design going... now when someone adds a robotic arm to plug the car in... thats the future! Better yet a humanoid attendant like your in back to the future. Takes way to long currently, and with lithium shortages on the verge not an optimal idea when power issues plaque a lot of areas and rising costs for electricity.
I was told Tesla has ports on both sides.
The idle fee of $1/minute is insane.. And you get 100 miles from 1 hour of charging..  *NOT* including the normal charge fees, that's $60 for 100 miles of range. In my gasoline car, it costs me $16.88 to travel 100 miles, and I have pretty bad fuel economy.  Additionally, you have to sit there and waste an hour of your time... so I can be off the road, and back on again in 5 minutes.. for a fraction of the cost.  Something isn't right here.. Someone please tell me what I'm missing, because I know there's no way its this expensive to charge a car at a station.
Thank you Tesla for allowing non Tesla vehicles to charge. Hopefully it won't take up Tesla spaces
This is only a problem because there is no "standard" yet
Potential problems with Tesla waiting to charge. This will cause a lot of fights. Tesla owners are already fighting each other through lines of Teslas. Now you are going to take up 2 spots to charge your truck? And the pull in is for Tesla's pulling a trailer. This is going to be a big problem.
I'd recommend to get a J1772 extension cable. Not only to charge at a Tesla charger but also to charge at subpar public chargers. There isn't much cost to get one and its piece of mind knowing you have length to charge anywhere. For me, I don't have to worry about it as I'll keep buying ICE gasoline cars until that day when its no longer possible.
$30 and half an hour wait for a about 60% tank? That's not helping the case for an ev over ice car...
Those trucks are stupid big, makes the m3 look tiny. Still cool to see the adapter tech working.
This is a game changer
Damn $30!
can't you just carry an extension cord to let you park where you're sposed to park ?
30 bucks for a charge dang that's enough for dang near a full tank of gas in about 5 min or less filling up .
tesla superchargers should work for other EVs but make it a little more expensive so that they can profit from them
Is it always necessary for human beings to make things as complicated as possible? Must there always be a format war?  This is entirely avoidable by having all charge ports on the same side and longer cables.  It's just Tesla being Tesla to be different from everyone else.  It's as if Sony or Apple made a car it would require proprietary chargers no doubt.
Over 30$ for 55% charge? 😂
Do they make charging extension cables you could use if you got to a full spot?
Dude had like 2 inches
remember electric vehicles are actually worse for the environment if you take everything into account.
so Why couldn't you have gone too the last station on the right, then you wouldn't have taken up 2 spots,
it was an okay video up until you said you paid $30 for a 50% charge... thats ridiculous
I found his channel State of Charge https://youtu.be/HKRI7pnRA0k Where they meet  https://youtube.com/clip/UgkxmViFCUmRfvrH6QUn9zRDRCNLZKpfENGz
Its funny that you think this is an issue with electric cars. I would like to live in your world
The solution is to obviously use the 1A charger.
$30 and not full!!! That’s a bit too much
Is it just me that feels making the cable longer solves the problem? Or am I missing something? Is that a dumb question?
Tesla’s greatest product is it’s EV charging network, not the actual vehicles. Building  this network is/was unprecedented and allowing other manufacturers to now charge there opens the company up to new customers they wouldn’t otherwise have. It’s just a matter of time before another manufacturer overtakes Tesla as the leading producer of EVs. Smart of them to do this before it’s too late.
I walked into a gas station and 5 mins later my car was fully gassed
On my last trip from Idaho to Southern California in my Model 3 I had to wait at Superchargers 3 times. From now on I'm taking my Kia Forte for anything further than a couple hundred miles.
Why you showing a garbage Rivian and Lucid who will most likely fade away and not a Polestar?
Tesla invested in superchargers long ago, even when they were not very profitable. Other companies sat on their asses. Only fair that Tesla owners have the best experience
it was good when the charging was free.. but after watching the whole vid. he said he paid 30 bucks and spent 30 min. at the pump... i put in 30 bucks worth of gas in about 1 min. and get 150 miles out of my 24 mile a gallon lexus... i'll wait for now... until the growing pains cease a bit.
your not allowed to call that a truck thats a battery 😂
Could you get some extension cable for this ?? So you can park as intended and still reach ???
Great job, Marqueese
Meanwhile at the gas station in the background at 5:28  27 cars pulled in and filled there tanks with gas in a matter of minutes!!!  🤣🤣🤔🤔
So half a "tank" for $30??? I thought electric charging was supposed to be cheaper than gas. I get that this is a super charger, so there is a premium, but I feel like in a gas car it would of cost a similar amount, and you'd only spend 5 minutes of your time instead of 30 minutes..
The better solution here would be an extension cord if they're already in production, it would definitely easily solve these issues
Please start shooting these videos with samsung
Ccs extension cable?
Unless someone makes CCS extension cables. Or internal extendable cables that retract out of the charging stand
The easiest way to fix the cable length problem is to have a 6-10 foot extension cable either available to buy or given to the owner at the time of purchase. Plus let's be honest, the companies will choose that over either retrofitting the superchargers or redesigning the interior electronics setup to have multiple charging ports throughout the vehicle.
just curious if they put in something that the cable could retract or add 2 charging per slot so it doesnt screw up the line but idk
The fact i barely have time to stop and get gas before or after work makes the thought of 45 minute charging and 63 mile drives seems very impractical. I'm sorry but EV vehicles just aren't where they need to be yet and I'm not sure even if they lowered charging times to 10 minutes it would still seem impractical.  I do have a charger right next to my apartment and I'm usually the type to embrace the future but it's still many years out until EV's are practical and the infrastructure is there. But I'm just some random dude in a youtube comments section what do I know
thats an A/B charger so it really stinks if someone uses the second one anyway 😂
tesla app defaulting to africa XD.... tesla app racist??
Thirty dollars!!!!  It’s about $12 to charge a Model S in chicago
Good review, This was very important
Everyone needs to put their charge ports in the same place, or we need more pull through chargers with long cables
So most will need an extension cable, (which will be kind of bulky) or is that not a thing for safety reasons?
Any idea when it’s supposed to reach texas?
Didn't realize he lived up in the NY/NJ area... cool :)
I'm not sure if this is a thing or not,  but an extension cable you carry with your EV seems like it would give you a lot of flexibility in how you could charge.   A 12 or 15 foot cable would allow a pickup truck like the rivian or lightning to park in basically any orientation.
Tesla app is racist
I think the non Tesla vehicle manufacturers are responsible to solve this problem.
I do love they way its sold as an "experience" . Not trying to poke fun but it helps if every EV owner just looks at it as an experience for this and stays happy to be techie. Would help keep people calm and hopefully not care if their experience is ruined. We need people to keep making big investments into the overall experience. I'm happy people have the time to sit around and play on their phones. Maybe there will be some type of air charger in the future and not have to deal with these outdated looking big power chords.
Marques, you are an awesome person. I appreciate that you helped the SOC channel. It shows what a good guy you are. Keep it up.
Great video here, man.  You couldn't have asked for a better scenario with the variety of EVs.  Hoping for a future where chargers and ports are standardized.
I'll stick to my regular vehicle. I'm not convinced that electric vehicles are the way forward, and sitting around for 30 minutes is really unappealing. I spend enough of my time waiting in lines and wasting time doing meaningless activities. I don't need to add to the list.
What an impromptu collab with State of Charge.
Im not sure the Tesla community is going to be too pleased, I think most will be friendly but I am positive given the Tesla fanboys there will be some confrontation and some people thinking that Tesla chargers should be for Tesla's only..
You would think they would get together and have solved this by now. Tell everyone hey. Ports need to be on this side. Or up front. For the cost of these vehicles this is totally unacceptable. Having to drive 15-20 minutes out of the way for a charge to only then have to wait cause the lot is full? Oh boy. No one is going for this.
How do you change an EV when towing something? Even like a small popup camper?
Well the F150 has charging port in front and the port cover opens to front as well. Meaning it is the way. If the cover would open to the other side it would be much better. It is actually pretty dumb to open the cover to the side from where the cable will come.
Just make those cables a bit longer, problem solved... 🤦‍♀️
Bringing other cars into the network creates money to build more chargers, it will work out with no net pain for Tesla owners. Probably a net win.
Still too slow. I would have filled up my gas tank and driven off in just a few minutes.
Superchargers have been open to all EV's since last summer in Europe, where I live. Charge port location on the cars can be an issue, but we tend to drive much less massive cars than people in NA, so you won't see those long-nosed F-150's here. As for queues: just under a year into the experiment, drivers from other brands aren't really flooding Superchargers so far. The big holiday migration to the south of Europe gave rise to charging queues at Ionity stations (the European equivalent of Electrify America) and other DC fast chargers, but only very rarely at Superchargers.
I want to start a new business:  mobile trucks/vans (like tow trucks)  that are mobile chargers that go to stranded EV owners and charge them through the nose.
You have to PAY to recharge?  If you have a Tesla do you have to pay at a Tesla recharger?  How can you possibly get people to buy this garbage?
Simple solution....... Everyone carry a little extender in their vehicles. Plenty of storage on electric vehicles
I feel like the tech is longer cable on teslas end and maybe for non tesla owners maybe and extension cable always on hand just incase. I dont know if thats possible
“Non-tesla” racially motivated 🤣
Reminds me of the first portable phones...I'll keep waiting...thanks.
But there’s an easy fix for that, if you’re a non Tesla owner get an extension cord for your car so you can park on the correct lane 🤷‍♂️
Supercharging any batterie is bad for them it kills there life over the long run. So what are you going to do with the old battier?
bro is not afraid of showing his location 💀
I am more shocked by the price than anything. Even assuming the 400 mile max range, 30-85% is 220 miles in range for 30 dollars. My gas v8 only costs a couple dollars more than that for the same range but at a initial purchase price of at least 20k less.
I think the V4 Supercharger will solve this with a longer cable.
Can you charge at a regular charger dock with your own adapter?
2:15 Hmm. He could have perfectly parked in 1A and not blocked anyone else. Tesla did mention they will be adding longer cables in their investor day if 1A was filled as these get more popular and more filled. And I guess he could have parked in the last spot to the far right.
Why did FORD have their charging door open that way if most people will pull in forward to charge? Great design, FORD.
You did a very nice job, young man
Wow thanks for letting us know about this!
Tesla likely only opens up non-busy superchargers to these non-Teslas. They are not giving them access to prime locations.
I would have parked against the snow so I wasn't blockin two spots for tesla. Since they have that one chare station there and plenty of room of course you wont be fully in the stall but you are still out of the way.
EV drivers ruining the planet.
Kek what a non-issue to be solved by a 2nd charge port and 2m of internal wiring of the EV. Same side other end so you either pull in forwards or backwards and you can easily remember which side your port is on. Put a tiny arrow on the dash or wherever like fuel indicators do since ages.  Goes to show the EV community/manufacturers aren't the brightest either...  And about the dumb suggestion of longer cables: NO! With high amp applications you want your wiring as short as possible, higher amps means internal resistance cable per meter/inch goes up by a big margin and causes higher loss/heating.
Superchargers outside of US will be 'easier' to open-up as they are already CCS cables. No changes needed...!
Looking how the F150 was charging, for sure this will lead to cables damage that tesla will need to support as risk from now on...
Such a gimmick and absolutely not the future.
Just get longer cables, simple.
Cable adapter going to be needed for longer reach.
Choas ensued? I did not see chaos in this video. I saw people getting along, helping each other make it work. How did your experience turn into chaos?
Alsmost as expensive as a tank of gas. I don't see the point anymore
Well done Mary, you led and it matters. Oh wait, no charging network from GM? Im confused.
it costs you money to charge your car....???
is there such thing as a extension chord?
haha where you were was like 15 mins from my house
supercharger are fine because you stop there for 20 minutes max The real issue is parkingslot in the city where non EV are parked or EV cars are parked but not charging
Just wanna say I love your work on all your channels but, there's just one thing that bugs me, every time there is pronunciation of 'S' it comes out really sharp from my speakers and it's with your content only, could you please check it out? Once again great work.
maybe just make the cables longer
tesla is taking care of small things which people barely noticed.... till now.. like putting chargin port at the  very end of vehicle .. not in middle of the car .. JUST SMALL THINGS.
People being nice.  Most yes.
The brainwashing is deep
39c per kwh.  so about $40-50 for a full charge for a Rivian. That's not much cheaper than a gasoline vehicle.  In a sense, they will be acting like gas stations for other cars too, and could have most of the profits come from being an energy company rather than a car company
Well,  you should have charged at 1a... and not pulled all the way into the space and that way you not using 2 spaces.
Today in the media your video was used to state that non teslas charging at a Tesla charger was total chaos???
surely there's a market for an extension cable with adapters - just carry it with you
As an engineer a few words of caution. If your charge port is poorly located for super charger usage - the cable does not stretch, don’t try to stretch it. - it only bends a few times at 90deg - if its realty tight, it will damage the NACS connector - if its realty tight, it will damage the NACS to CCS connector - if its realty tight, it will damage the CCS connector in your EV, your fault - you could cause a fire As a Tesla owner you could lose my good will.  Enjoy the super charger experience.
There will be fighting. People are crazy and EV people are some of the craziest.
I am gonna be controversial to repost this video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN7mSXMruEo because some of the cars on display are ridiculous.
Here's how I see the future playing out. Tesla will eventually see that these chargers will be changed and what I mean by that is that there will be no charging cable at the charging stations so you the EV owner will have to purchase your own charging cables at different lengths with what ever adapter is needed to plug into the charging station. Here in Texas and I'm sure around the country the theft of these cables with there copper cables are being cut off so eventually Tesla will rethink this problem and you the EV owners will be the ones paying for the cables to keep in your trunks.
That's not a Hard Fix! Look, If we put stalls for any non-EVs on the other side of the pumps. Anyone station could be outfitted with Dual pumps and the lines or cables underground are set up into two different changing boxes. And their signs posted that all pumps on this site must be driven forward or the pump will not work!
I'm looking forward for the charge station Karen's come out.
maybe with these charge stations being unlocked maybe some EVs will start coming with an extension cable like adapter to give more length. It would probably live in the trunk or a special compartment, but would make sense.
Just subscribed because of how good you were to the state of charge guy.  You are obviously a smart person with good information but your courteousness is what impressed me.
This whole electric car thing is such a big experiment lol, still have a long way to go to work out the bugs in the infrastructure. But that is what makes America great, they do it for the rest of the world to get the finished product. Thank you guys for being first adopters of this auto motive revolution.
EVs are a joke right now. Phasing us out of gasoline cars without upgrading the grid or having a form or new energy to charge so many electric vehicles. There's only enough cobalt and lithium for 10% of the world's population. Charging in cold weather is a pain in the ass. I'm glad Toyota is making hydrogen fuel cells.
why dont they just have a retractable electric hose so you can reach different charging spots on vehicles.
simply buy an electric car extension cord. About $100.00 problem solved.
Didn't you know Tesla already expected they'd have to open up one day so deliberately designed a short supercharger cable? 🤣
“ I dont know why it defaulted to Africa “. Hmmm, interesting
gas better fast refuel efficient gas use
I have a Livewire (Harley Davidson) EV (Motorcycle). I’m pretty sure I can fit in close to any of the chargers. I am looking forward to the chargers in my area being open to non-Teslas. How do we know when they open more of them up?
Sell an eight foot extension cable.
this car looks like luntik from the cartoon 😂😂😂
Why didn't you park in spot 1A?  The plug would have been on the correct side.
1:40 yo phone racist
So. Here's the thing. I have seen so many Tesla stations that are empty 100% of the time. Even in this video, there's no one most of the time. Its probably scripted that people showed up. This whole thing is wonderful. But like, whatever man. Your number of charging stations just went hugely up, and it's huge.  Unfortunately, the reliability and usability of EVs for many people is 10 or 20 years away.
As a Tesla owner, why didn't you park in the far left spot so you would only take up 1 charging spot
Silly. Just silly. Fossil fuel rocks. 😂
He called Westchester “rural”😂
Why do blacks kill so many black???
I blame the industry as a whole for this ridiculous situation. Car manufacturers put their charging port wherever the hell they feel like, in the most ridiculous places. Could you imagine if every manufacturer had a different configurations for filling up with gasoline or diesel. Put the filler door wherever they felt like front back middle side whatever. The industry brought this upon themselves.
Yo dawg yo hair gonna catch lightning
Reminds me of that movie, 'A Perfect Storm.'
Get a longer cable?
Is it true that all Afrikans are inbreed???????
This video is pretty wholesome to watch🥰🥰
These mofos have worries of chArging their 100k plus vehicles while us pazens worry about food on the table. Gtfu
"I don't know why it defaulted to Africa" 💀
30 dollars how is that cheeper than gas 30 dollars in my jeep will get me 200 miles
The video is so good in 1080p, I wonder why?
This guy looks like mark ass brownie
The thing I got from this, is HOW SLOW superchargers are ... I'm not sitting there in the snow for over half an hour. Life is too short for that.
I'm all for electrification but for all the "non Tesla's" trying to charge at Tesla stations you shouldn't be counting on them at all. You bought your Rivians and F-150's, and Lucids knowing you would be charging at home or maybe Electrify America (if you can find one that works) and have no right to complain about Tesla trying to try helping you!
So that cable is definitely way too short. They gotta make those longer lol. Also, the designers of these cars need to come together and make 1 thing that works for all. Charging cables are different for literally every device that exists and its just not fucking cool at all lmao.
Here's a crazy ass idea ...  Buy a gas vehicle.
o boy that cable is SO SHORT i dont know if it would even make it to the ford mache he that is near the door
Let's make vehicles that are a complete pain in the ass to use, and then claim they are the solution to all our problems ...
There is a supercharger station about a mile north of Gigafactory Texas. There all but three chargers you pull up along side of the chargers. So this setup is better than at the end of the parking space. That would fix a lot of problems. Maybe this supercharger station just open a couple of months ago and maybe it was planned for non-Tesla EVs./
so $30 to charge an additional 58%?  Curious how much gasoline is in the area.  Feels like depending on conditions and driving style you would still go the same distance but with an ICE you would be 25 minutes farther down the road and getting more done.
I think it’s a very bad idea from Tesla for the following reasons: 1- Tesla might lose a competitive advantage it had so far over the competition which is its charging network.  2- some others EVs are not optimized to be charged at Tesla super charging station due to the location of their charging port, preventing other Tesla drivers to charge their car even when there is a free spot available.  3- As someone said the strain on those cables is going to cause some serious issues after a few months because they are too short for some EV. The cable need to be extended which will cost more money and more cooper. Maybe Tesla can sell some extensions cable to non Tesla EV.  4-we might start seeing more people in line waiting at Tesla charging station which is not really an issue for me but might make the charging experience unpleasant to others.
This is why I like the charge port location on the Niro/ Kona. Right up front. Just pull in and charge.
I can see Tesla trying start to make Tesla-only stalls separate from Tesla AND others stalls to get around this.
So glad I can go anywhere and fill up my car and it takes me like 5 minutes. I love my car ❤. Gas is the way to go.
Good job all non tesla ev YouTube showing up at the supercharger I think it will be OK as soon as ever little YouTube did his amazing non tesla charging video
I'm better off filling up at the pump 2 1/2 minutes. and use less coal.
No,  don't occupy 2 spots.
If you are a responsible driver,  you would not occupy 2 spots. TESLA is trying to accommodate other cars but don't abuse it.
$30 for 55% battery? i wasn't expecting that.
Maybe there needs to be a common charge port location? I that would be the better solution.
Thanks very much!  I really appreciate you going over how to find where non-Tesla EVs can plug into Tesla charging stations.
Thanks for a nice video- I have a Lightning and I can see that the Tesla cables are going to be a problem not reaching.   Maybe more stalls with different cable placement or a cable that is two feet longer would allow the Lightning to charge.   With the Ioniq 5 the charge port is on the back passenger side so it can fit the stalls that would not be available for a Tesla.   That is my road trip vehicle with the longer range and quicker charging- at least if the "free" EA stations actually work.   My EA experience has been about 50% working so far . . .  Too bad that at least the charge port location could not have been standardized on all cars sold in the USA.   Even better would be standard connector but this magic dock looks like a reasonable solution if the cable is longer.
Ev car is time consuming......
All I can think of is you are paying $0.50/kWh and I pay $0.12/kWh at home. My wife and I always shake our heads at new Tesla owners who only charge at Superchargers. No value imo.
Rich folk problems
Isn't it illegal to film while driving in the states?
Bro love your channel 👍🏾 you do a great job, continue the work.
Nice to see Stateofcharge surprisingly, ive been following his channel for a while
Impressive! As a Tesla owner, I am delighted that electric vehicle adoption may increase due to the recent developments. However, I must admit to being concerned about the potential overcrowding of superchargers. On a positive note, I hope that Tesla could consider enhancing the charging experience by increasing the length of the charging cables. Even with my Model S, I have faced situations where the cable was too short, such as when encountering a snow bank that prevented me from pulling up close enough to reach the charger.
Someone at Tesla was having a bit of fun, defaulting MKBHD's map to Africa. I see you >:)
They need to make EV changing with the same layout as gas stations
It went to “Africa” because my homie is technically from there 😂😂😂  Everyone calm down, I’m from Mexico 😂
I mean its the first week trial let them figure it out first 😂, theres like 30+ different EV vehicles now with different charging ports locations and the fact that Tesla reconditioned their chargers and added them for everyone its a step closer!
Don't some teslas have a charging port on both sides?
Just wondering did you give TESLA feedback about longer cables? I am sure they would appreciate it.
Do you remember when electric vehicles were only supposed to cost like 12 dollars per charge.  Pepperidge farm remembers
Not expandable after all.
LONGER CABLE! Tesla will figure it out. Wow turned out to be a party i love when that happens
I think Nissan had it right with the LEAF. The charge port needs to be centralised to the front of the vehicle.
Well, they need longer cables for sure!
Great video. How the adapter works is very cool.  IMHO everyone should be using Tesla's adapter.  They are smaller, lighter weight, just a better design all around.  There is certainly going to be a problem if an EV is taking up 2 spots.  That's not going work.
The adapters should obviously be cables.
We currently have a Model 3 in Denver, Colorado. Our lease is up in a few months and we're "in line" for a Rivian truck... it will be interesting for sure.
These videos are freebies for the designers. Now watch the next models of Ford cars, they will have a charging port cover opening bottom to top.
When Biden announced and rolled out "Electrify America" he made sure Not to mention the *non-union* Tesla company. If Elon had the monopoly on charging then his patent would have made him billions as auto makers sought Rights to use on their vehicles, but "EA" standardizes charging and as Tesla loses market share to other auto manufacturers making EV's, the Tesla charging stations would have had to eventually accommodate non-Tesla's or fall out of use and service.  Dark Brandon, 1 Cringe Lord, 0
Us poor people don't care about your expensive car
I'll stick to fossil fuels. Otherwise the dinosaurs died in vain
Sooo…maybe the App knew he was black??? 😂At 1:36 in the video when he tapped on the map it defaulted to Africa. It knew his fingers were black and said Oh! You may be trying to find the closest charger in AFRICA! Even though he is in NEW YORK!😂😂😂
Why aren't there after market male/female extension cables avaiable? Six feet of cable would work.
Ok Engineers, 15 Charge Time.... Let's Go
what kind of phone is he using?
I dont think they need longer cables. I also don't think Tesla should have to do anything to make it easier to charge other cars. They were first to the party. Other car companies should be thinking about how people are going to charge! They should have thought about that before even making the vehicle. If they want you to use Tesla chargers, they should have the same access point.
Nah, no electric vehicles for me until it becomes mandatory.  Too much shit to go through.
Lucid has 1 charging station at their showroom in San Francisco, Rivian going to open their network to Tesla's ?? Ford, BMW, Mercedes and the rest they don't have a network of their own as they relay on various public charging stations. You paid $30 to charge ouch!! I paid $7.74 this morning to add 189 miles of range to my Tesla.
...   in 50 yrs from now , this will be  a "golden oldie"   , chargers will likely be as plentiful as phone booths were  lol  ...
Im a Tesla owner and I am filing a lawsuit against Tesla for this. Cannot have the Tesla spots taken away by every other brand out on earth..
I can't say I am happy with Tesla opening up their network but it was bound to happen. I just wish they would make some of the charges Tesla only charges so then I won't have to wait for other brands to charge as I have a Tesla and support the brand. All of the other brands never built a good charging network like Tesla did.
If you pulled up on the side of the other charge bay you wouldn't block any teslas...just gotta think ahead a little more
Super cool to see so many other non-Tesla's and even another YouTuber. Heading to check out his channel now.
Someone will come out with an extension cable. 5-10ft extension will solve all of that.
An island layout might be better like (all?) gas stations use.
This is like when you can't use all the plugs in a surge protector because some power bricks are in the way.
Maybe we could just have 4 ports, one for each corner of the car?
Very helpful to see the magic dock up close.  Thanks.
There will be people that will NOT be nice about it. MOVE OVER!!!!!
Great video. I agree that the chargers will need adjustments to accommodate non-Tesla's. Hope everyone's tempers stay in check.
This is a perfect video of someone overdramatizing because it’s obviously they could’ve parked in two spots without taking up any extras but no, let’s pick the most obvious spots to park and overdramatize how yeah have to take up half the parking lot
I think the other auto makers need to step up and make other charging stations. Correct me but which other auto makers have their own stations? None if I am right, some joint venture from any of the big. If this opens up it's going to get of hand/uncomfortable.
Tesla started as luxury cars and there was an exclusive premium price for their cars and network. I have a Model S and when they rolled out the Model 3 and Y, immidiately there where waiting lines. Its already bad enough you have to wait up to an hour to get a full charge, you have to wait in line another 20 or 30 minutes for other tesla drivers (3 and Y) to finish charging. It literraly takes almost 2 hours to charge. You will never get that time back. Now,  people have to wait not only in line for Tesla drivers, but every other EV drivers. Its clear Tesla wants to be the Exxon Mobile of EVs.
I don't have an electric car, I don't plan on buying an electric car, but this video caught my eye and thought it might be interesting...and it was super informative.  Really enjoyed a peek behind the curtain as to what's going on with those who drive them.  You have an effortless way about your delivery that kept me here for the whole thing.  Well done!
Cable needs to hung like the hoeses in self-wash car washes where you can easily move round the whole car with the plug, doesn't matter how you park
1:34 probably centered the map on 0N 0E at the largest zoom
Dongles 2.0!
Are Americans really that far behind?  In the U.K. we have multiple charging points and some are even built into street lights.
So random, but when I read a news article about this video and it said it was in "rural New York", I thought, "I wonder if he went to the one next to Dunkin Donuts in Brewster(my hometown-2 mins from my house), and it actually was the one he went to. Lol
Still a mess.
I loke how elon was praised for the past like decade or more for saying all his software will be open source and he would allow all vehicles to charge at tesla charging stations, he still gets praised for it, and yet the closest to that hes done is open a few chargers to a few vehicles lol
How many miles you get out of that $30 charge?
haha EV problems . Super convenient. for the amount of coal used to produce these ginormous batteries i'm not sure if any of this makes sense....
Why the heck would they not have at least 2 charge ports on all electric vehicles on both sides? Another option would be if there are extension cables available that you could keep in your trunk...
Great video as always. Very informative, and clearly highlights some of the upcoming challenges with this rollout.  Slightly longer cables, and maybe some that are reversed hinged for the non Tesla cars will address the issue.   I'm sure the brilliant folks at Tesla will solve it quickly, and hopefully Rivian, Lucid, and others continue to build their own network, or expand them.   Also, very cool of you to give SOC a plug, I've watched a few of his videos and they are good too!
Cant wait to see EVs adopted globally
This reminds me when I went to get gas last week. Most people had the fuel cap on the left side and people with cars with the fuel cap on the right side came and went. It was a small station and re-positioning my truck would have been gamble based on layout and traffic. I waited roughly 10 minutes before a spot became available. I finally pulled up, and the gas pump had issues. I ended up leaving the gas station after 15 minutes, with my truck still on empty. #gasolineproblems HAHA
Nice video.  Yes its a game changer.  As a Model Y owner I will be pissed if a bunch of non-Tesla cars are blocking spots.  I hope Tesla jacks up the charging price for non-Tesla owners.  Ford/GM/VW/TM build your own network.
Carry an extension cord with you.
Elon Musk loves the advertising you do for his companies but hates everything else you represent. Remember that when you're shopping for a Cybertruck.
Why not just use longer, curled cables for the charger?
The simple solution is to put the charging port in the center of the front or back. The F150's port seems like one of the worst places.
30 dollars for 80 miles? I thought Ev was cheaper? Wow , I’ll wait!
Who in there right mind would want to sit in a refueling center for a min of 30 min to recharge! This is why u can’t travel with a EV ! Plus the 100 percent up increase of pollution to produce this vehicle? And don’t get me started on the cost of this grocery getter ! WTF man !
I would love to see Tesla prioritize retrofitting CCS into under utilized V1 and V2 superchargers. Some EVs max out at 50kwh
60 miles an HOUR???? 😂🤣😅. We are SO FAR AWAY .....🤫
There's an easy fix for the problem you've identified.  They could shift the charging spots by half a car space so that the chargers reach all cars, left or right... The shifted charger where the Lucid is parked is the best for the F150
Nice collaboration with State of Charge
Love the chance collab with State of Charging
Tesla providing super charging spots for non-teslas is really considerate. The cable positioning and length issue is a subtle way of telling you to buy a tesla.
It defaulted to Africa because Lat 0, Long 0 is off the coast of Africa -- so if it doesn't have any other location in the world to go to, it defaults to that 0,0 location.
well, what was the cost to charge?
Rivian 🤢🤮
Can’t blame the other EV owners! That’s Tesla’s oversight.
.49 per kwh? oh my lord.
For the charging spot orientation issue, if possible, a solution would be for everyone to have their own personal charger extension cord. Edit in: though the more optimal solution would be to have Tesla extend the cords so there would be less physical creation of potential waste from personal cords.
so you went fro 88 miles to ???
I live in Irvine, app shows the only ones open to charging other vehicles are in private apartment homes or areas  lol thank god, better stay that way
Gonna be a nightmare
Most of these Evs take up to stalls
Maybe that's why tesla only allow you to charge in select few points under utilised stations, because they know the issues you highlighted but feel it won't pose a problem in the under utilised stations
F150 needs to do a flip up not out like the mirrors
I wonder if there are charging cable extensions available for purchase for these challenges
The only reason this is possible is because federal law dictates that they are forced to allow all electric cars to charge at Tesla charging stations.
Everyone knows the electric car industry is a joke and being forced on all of us.. there's a few real ones out there exposing how not fun it is waiting for charges 😂
I haven't looked at any data yet but I would imagine the repair costs on some of these vehicles are going to be extremely high.
Perhaps...there could be an aftermarket, extender cable option, for non-Tesla ev's? or...Tesla could consider making their non-Tesla charger cables retractable, to allow for ample reach? Thanks Marques #fuelforthought #greatcontent
Just make the cable longer! Simple solution.
1:30 If no one explained it yet...  Defaults to Null Island (off the West coast of Africa - 0'N 0'E) when coordinates haven't been fetched yet.
I think non-Tesla owners, should foot the expanse, of some sort of adapter cable for their vehicles that does not consume two charging stalls.
Rivian, Lucid, f150.....pretty nice neighborhood. Nicer than mine, anyway.
Stuff the gimmicky electric cars and their exploding none eco lithium batteries and just buy a decent V8 which is far more reliable.  The mining of lithium and production of batteries is not eco friendly at all and future disposal of billions of stuffed lithium batteries is gong to be as bad as disposal headaches of uranium being a massive danger to this planets survival
We need some real truck and real automobile enthusiasts to review these EV. I love MKBHD but the ev and car reviews are just trash. It’s obvious he’s not a car person and just a tech person. Most of the people that get trucks, could care less about tech, we need ratio from towin capabilities to off road to reviews of the variety of winches, bull bars, etc that can be found and equipped , biggest tire size without a lift, what lift kits work best in this truck, what’s the payload to max weight difference , etc. you review it like it’s a smartphone when you should review it as a truck first and tech 2nd
Tesla has charger on both side 😳
This is big since the other option are always broken. Ask Stradman about that problem.
Is there any reason someone couldn't make an aftermarket extension cable for ccs chargers? Or for that matter, a Tesla to ccs adapter + extension cable? Why do we need to wait for Tesla to update their chargers?
Hey what's up yall, I'm Kimbishi here!
they gotta have a concessions stand for the busier stations. Something to do while you wait.
Great video MKBHD! This was always the achilles heel of Teslas and their Super Charger network; how long it takes to charge but also the volume of vehicles that need to be charged. Especially here in California during popular holidays, you'd have 20 Teslas waiting in line to charge on the 5 freeway thru Central California.  Former Tesla owner, it's one of the reasons I went back to gas. Takes too long to charge a car. Time worth more than money.
This is why Tesla will become the main player in EV charging
EVs need standards for where they put the charger port, we have the same problem at my work. Every car has to park differently and some really stretch the cable (mine included).  Tesla needs to extend those cables too.
They have been doing this for a couple of months in the Netherlands. I think it was a big success as Tesla has a great network already in many countries
The sound of the car is different I really hope 🙏 they come out with one that I can have that can auto drive bc my jerk Dr took my license bc of my vision an I'm not old an it's so driving me crazy
You made me sign up for Tesla's app, however there are none in my area (San Diego) which is surprising.  Hopefully they add some soon.
What a superb review , EV revoulution is  slowly picking up in India  . Hope to see similar stuff in India too.
Is he using a Samsung Galaxy Note 20 Ultra phone?
I just keep my Tesla M3
*a lot of them
No way! I didn't realize that you are fairly close. Cool!
id imagine $30 in my tank is worth more than $30 of charge.
this is dumb
I cannot for the life of me why Tesla do not open all of their chargers, it's not as if the non Tesla EV will not be paying.. As for charging experience? Never had to deal with that when filling up my ICE, ever.
meanwhile im paying 25 for a full tank and it takes 1 minute (probably better mileage to)
But isn't teslas able to charge on both sides?
I could have filled up my car from completely empty all the way to full 3 times in the length of this video
Don't know why it defaulted to Africa 😏
Tesla should change to a longer cable. It will solve the issue if they just add a few foot more
i've got to tell ya, when i hit this channel, i didn' think it would be such a good one to keep up once in a while, good stuff man, good stuff!  i'm way behind on this electric car thing, don't even own a car haha, but definitely want one asaic  [edit] just now realized this is another channel of yours..cool didn't know till now!!! Awesome I was referring to the other one with mostly apple things.
Haha even car guys know you. NOICE!
i never trust black guys
Tesla can start selling an "extension" cable for non-tesla owners now as they've cleverly created a problem while looking like they've solved one of the major issues for EV charging.
id rather eat ass than get a purely EV. the hybrids look solid tho
We're getting the V4 superchargers now in Europe. Note that Tesla's also had CCS for ages here now, the tesla connector itself in theory is less capable than CCS here in general, due to the "combo" part here being wired for three-phase, which fits the European grid better (our houses have 3x25A typically, and as such a >40A single phase 240V charger is very pricey to fit, so the de-facto standard is 3x16A for a car, which makes loadbalancing easy to go alongside with it, the tesla plug we had for a short while could only charge 1-phase which meant it was a challenge to charge at home for the first model S owners, which also since have been retrofitted).  Note that trucks are pretty much a 'non thing' here, so rivians/f150's are a non-issue, and some Audi's sometimes even can charge on both sides (after all, electricity is 'easy' compared to fuel). Lot of in-car nav's that use preconditioning (like Hyundai/Kia) "do" preconditoning for Tesla as well if a SuC is set as destination/stop. So on that side, it's pretty neat.  Elephant in the room here though is the V3 charger. While V2 is fine, and I'll try a V4 soon as well, on my car (an Ioniq 5) a V3 SuC doesn't work. Why? Tesla in its infinite wisdom decided to have the lousiest negotiation protocol ever, and V3 can deliver more than 400V. Like. 500V. The Ioniq can take 800V, 400V, and stuff in between, but honestly, the negotiation between the car and the charger is so dodgy, it just charges at 50kW and eventually just stops. Tesla's not putting a lot of priority in fixing it (unlike Fastned, the 'easy and plug in' network here that always works, it has plug & charge for all brands other than some VW's because VW forgot to properly encode mac adresses).  V4 that should not be an issue anymore though, as V4 does up to 900V. V4 SuC's also come with longer cables, making cars like mine (charge port right back) easy to fit next to left-back chargers. Honestly, from a cost perspective, I simply hope that cars will have more charge ports as a standard soon, >IF< you DC charge often, that's such a huge conveinience issue.
Damn can the engineers just improve the details by actually more testing?
Marques do You know how driving whit a manual transmission?
electric cars are for geeks
First time that I heard PUBLIC in American video… Could be amazing heard it not only when talks about the cars but also for the Health System… Maybe impossibile for the shit country that 🇺🇸 is
Don’t have a mobile phone so I would be stuffed
Easy fix… Tesla makes the plug in cord longer
This is unrelated but the only thing that stopping this iPhone 14 pro footage from actually being usable is audio editing. a high pass filter & conversion to mono would pretty much solve it
how much was it?
Tesla, make the bloody cable longer
I so hope they don’t roll this out everywhere. Especially on busy chargers and during holidays when there’s already a line. Most charging locations here in Europe get busy quickly during holidays. I’d be quite pissed off when I have to wait because a different brand car takes up two spots and I can’t charge.
They have had shared chargers in the UK for a while now. There are two things that need to happen. All EV manufacturers should standardise the side and position of their charging ports.  Tesla should extend the cable length of any superchargers they open up to non-Teslas.   Right now in the UK, they have done neither, so we get the non-Tesla cars blocking two chargers each time.
Marques, you should shoot with the S23Ultra again please
Can't you just have longer cables?
I think there should be standardized EV charging port positions. Same spot on every car. Obviously every manufacture would have a hissy fit but it would make charging way more simple across the world.
They should just make it illegal to limit charging spots to certain brands. Every charging spot should be open to all brands, for the same price.
If Tesla just put the charging station in the middle of the parking spot, with a longer cable...
Who's got the time to wait a half-hour to charge a vehicle that is so stupid why not pull up to the gas station fill your pump within 5 minutes and be gone and not have to drive all around town to try and find a charging station for your vehicle these electric people are crazy that's why our electricity is going up because all these people are buying electric cars guess what's going to happen when everybody buys electric cars you're going to be paying a lot more to charge your vehicle and when they have a power outage you won't be able to charge your vehicle and if they have a power outage you can pump gas out of the tanks in the floor with a hand pump so I'm going to feel sorry for you guys
First second of the video, it says "hi kibishi here".
Can't there be extention cables for larger cars?
Wow how expensive kWh you have, I tough I had it bad.
We tesla drivers are in trouble, why Elon that is a no way. Going back to Gas. Is a pain in the ass charging this car every 4 days now this. Forget it.
Maybe they just have to make the cable much longer, so doesn't matter which orientation or spot, like at gas stations...
Americans will smoothly find a solution to potential issues by shooting at eachother.
Btw the map defaulted to Africa because most maps default to the Prime Meridian, which is that location.
It started in Africa bc the Prime Meridian intersects the Ecuator in the Gulf of Guinea at 390 miles from Ghana. So the map went to the default coordinates  0⁰,0⁰.
30 bucks for 50% Cain of expensive, 130 miles range for 30 bucks' comment about it
The best thing for these cars would be the charging port door opening in reverse ( rear hinged).  Using them like regular fuel doors is just stupid, because it blocks the way imo.
That’s crazy expensive he got 2% and it cost him $2.50 to get to 100% from 30% it would probably cost him $100
I’ll keep my V8
You just drive over the grass
I am charging mine as I am watching this video 😄
Very interesting. I think I would see about a short extension cable. A couple of meters would make a huge difference.
Hmm -If you pulled into the first spot, maybe not all the way; you would be OK and not hog a second spot..
That is the 3rd one closest to me
The solution is to legislate a standard charging plug for all electric cars   And to standardise the location for charging point on cars were the front and back option as long as they are on opposite sides    For example, if you had a front charging point, you would have to drive and forwards to all of the charging points  or if you had a rare charging point, you have to reverse into all of the charging stations  They have standardise the nozzles for all petrol cars they need to do the same for electric cars
Tesla is the goat.
Gassing up takes me five minutes, count that, five minutes. I can then travel 6 hours non stop, without gassing up. In the winter, I can go places where electric vehicles, can not or have problems going. As for environmental, you just move your carbon foot print to the power plant, instead of your vehicles. 10 years down the road, when it costs 35 to 40 thousand to replace your depleted battery, did you save any money, or help the planet. NO, NOT ONE IOTA.
you could park at that one charger on the side and it would negate that issue
Thanks for a useful video, Wasn't that last guy with the stretched cable, and State of Charge channel, Tom Malogney? Wow!
So cool that you met Tom!!   I never understood why the Tesla charging cables are so short... Unfortunately now it's bit them in the butt.
Lol… cmon Markass. The simple solution to your “wrong side of the car” charging port is simply a longer charging cable.
These charging prices...let's take a step back. Assuming we all care about the planet, still, without laws, people are going to do what makes sense for them. You basically just paid $30 to charge a Rivian enough (55%) to drive, in winter... let's say an additional 120 -150miles. From the perspective of someone who can't afford an EV, thats kind of outrageous and makes me not want to buy an EV. I can literally drive an absolute gas guzzling SUV/ pickup that distance for that price. Actually, for even the most average car, that $30 is going to get them much, much further. This is insanity. The whole way to sell EVs to the public was that you didn't have to pay for gas. EV charging should basically be free or capped at like five - ten cents a kWh or something like that. there's no chance I'm going to go broke buying an EV, and pay $40-50 to charge it, that's just not fken happening. That is not a serious policy or incentive that's going to make anybody feel the need to pivot to an EV. without serious policy change and incentives, this isn't going to happen fast at all. I was happy to see Tesla open up to non-Tesla cars, I agree standardized charging is by far the most overlooked, most fundamental issue for EV transition, but these charging prices (from the perspective of a non EV owner who doesn't have money to buy an EV) are fking outrageous. The whole idea that you would pay something at a charging station similar to what you'd pay at a gas station, literally negates like 2/3 of the practical narrative of EV ownership that has been sold to the public for the last ten years. to say this isn't good enough is a huge understatement. My resentment of this issue goes much deeper than $40 charging fees; the entire bullshit narrative that zero emissions future is for people who have money for a new Rivian is capitalism at it's worst; the idea that wealthy people (many of whom have had a larger than average carbon footrpint historically) are more noble than me because they went out and bought a $100k EV... is total fken bullshit. Well, by itself it's fine, it's just that people are acting like this is basically the mainstream way we're all going to address climate change right now, and frankly there aren't enough EV batteries, and we can't all buy luxury EVs and pay $40 to charge them... and if you try to make EVs and climate action only for the upper middle-class and above..that's going to end badly for our society, and for good reason, because it's inherently based on bullshit narratives and policies, many of which are the same policies that led to decades of unchecked carbon emissions. All this while many new EV companies are very uncertain about their future, and gas companies are making record profits. Business and American capitalism as usual are not a serious solution for the scale and timeline of climate change.
This engineers are stoopid
It cost $30! Yea no thats a deadend
55% for $30..... so almost $60 for a full charge?!?!?! F THAT!!! Thats about how much I pay to fill up my Tundra in 5 min (70)  smh - _ -
Still can’t believe the video was shot on iPhone 14 Pro
*The simple solution is to extend the hose like Costco does for its gas stations*
Gotta do this to access all that sweet, sweet Bipartisan Infrastructure money! (That's not to downplay that it's good thing for non-Tesla owners, and, maybe, potentially, Tesla owners too in the future)
They need to do overhead cables kinda like the hoses at car washes.
Okay but those are expensive prices
Lol he kept calling you “Marqueese”😂
Solution: More cable length
not defaulting to Africa, I'm dead
No only a huge problem for non - Teslas 😂😂😂
They should have an area for non-Tesla owners and Tesla owner only areas…
Tesla shouldn’t be opening up their network. If you don’t drive a Tesla then you’re SOL. BTW, CCS is such a POS
Yeah, those cables are barely long enough for the Teslas. They're going to have to start adding some slack just incase. I'm all for opening up the chargers.
I don't have to fool with finding a charging station, is it working, and all that garbage.  I just pull into ANY gas station + am filled up in 5 min.
There should be a universal charge port
I think the Non-Tesla owners should buy and carry J1772 CCS Combo extension cables to mimic parking orientation of a Tesla. Not sure if there's an extension cable handling 250kW though.
Defaulting to Africa is racist asf 😂😭
Bring a longer cable in case this happens? Maybe common courtesy is for the non-Tesla cars to have an 6 ' extension. Simple.
1:31 LMAO 🤣
They should set them up like gas station parking spots for this reason. That and realistically the wire needs to be longer. I know it adds expense but it needs to happen
More charging choices is awesome, and every day there is more choice
And this is why you need so much patience and time to own a pure electric car.  For actual normal humans a non plug in hybrid is the better choice! Who waits 34 minutes (at a fast charging station! WHO WAITS LONGER!? :P) to charge their car. I imagine the better use for pure electric is you have a charger at your home and you plan your daily KM needs to the cars limit.
Just make a charging port standard same spot, what ever car Y have, That is easy Thinking 🤔
Tesla’s have charge ports on both sides of the car, so it shouldn’t be a problem for the layout
You can park backed in on the first charger where a tesla pulls front in where the cable is on your side.
That CCS connector looks so bulky attached to the tesla connector.
Great video shedding light on the EV charging space with a great selection of cars. Very informative! #Elon #Tesla, what are you going to about the potential connectivity hindrances?
It's being available in Europe for 2 years now.
That plug does not look compatible for a Volt. The Volt does not have 2 ports.
Didn't you know the later Tesla model has dual charging ports ?   It can be charged either left side or right side.
Simple fix 6' extension cable you put in the trunk.
I worry if you may get carjacked by thugs.  All they have to do is to wait there.  You'll end up without a car in the middle of nowhere.
This really really needs to happen, especially since Tesla uses the "non-standard" connector in the US. Though they really are pushing the whole "non Tesla" thing to push of course, selling Teslas. I can't blame them.
That F-150 lightning door plug is just plain stupid. It should open upwards or downwards to let a charger in.
I'm not down for random little road trips just to charge a car.  Prefer convenience of gas stations.
1:58 your truck is a little better than my SUV experience, but similar situation - they both overestimate their range by 85 - 90%.   It says you should get there with 98 miles remaining, yet when you arrive it was 88.  did you detour anywhere or is this a Rivian-wide.. characteristic?
Great channel.  I think Tesla will install longer cables in the future.  Let us hope.  My Model 3LR/FSD is amazing.
extension cables?
If i were a tesla owner, i think i would get frustrated if other types of EVs were charging at a tesla fast charger & there were no other spaces available. One of the perks of buying a tesla is the use of fast chargers so if they become available to other types of EVs, it makes me wonder if teslas will still remain as popular.
These chargers are a dumb design. Just make them like how gas stations pumps are setup, problem solved. People can park on whatever side they need to. The Govt also needs to enforce standardization across the charging ports or EV's will never fully take over for gas vehicles.
this f150 electic is so much fun to watch as an european xDD
Non Tesla chargers are a nightmare.
Chargers here in Ireland (Type 2 CCS/Combo, Teslas are kind of rare and sold with an adaptor cable because the national network is much more extensive than the Tesla locations) are centrally placed between the parking space lines, with longer cables that reach around left or right corners comfortably. For exactly this reason, I guess! I like my Kia, where the charge port is on the front, though apparently only about 11%of cars have it there, it makes so much sense. I bet eventually carmakers will standardize, the way they originally did on Clutch, Brake, Accelerator - the first few years before that was settled must have been really fun!
30 US bucks for adding  ~50% of charge (from 30 to 80) wow so expensive... full charge will take 60USD .. I can get a full tank of gas.
You could have used the far left charger, yes?  Just pull in to where your front left lined up with the charger
Why do EVs always look chunky compared to ICE vehicles? I mean, I can't afford these regardless, but why do they look bulky.
THE YEAR IS 2056: EVERYONE IS A YOUTUBER, ALL CARS ARE ELECTRIC. MANDATORY BOOSTER SHOT #76 IS REQUIRED FOR YOU TO CHARGE YOUR FORD E-TAURAS
Ha; ever since Dave Conner posted his video from the Brewster superchargers on February 25 (https://youtu.be/j8GkKE1xqGg ), I figured it was only a matter of time before every other YouTuber started crowding it at the same time! Tom's video is here -- but I don't think he included you in it: https://youtu.be/bFolipHe_6M
You have some sort of off road truck. You could park on the other side, in the snow 😆
Can someone check this math, by my calculation he gained 150 miles of range for $30.00 ($1 for every 5 miles of range) which is roughly the equivalent of ~$6/gallon of gas...  and it took him 30 minutes to do. I get the numbers aren't perfect, but that's definitely not the greatest.
So with future EVs does it make sense to have a front charge port and a rear charge port for these exact situations? Charging lots designed around one type of vehicle/brand.
I mean they could like lengthen the cable a couple inches/ a foot and center them with the charging spot, that would improve compatibility a lot. But I also feel than if they do open them all up, most manufacturers will start placing their charging port to make their cars supercharger friendly
0,0 lat lon is in Africa.
State of Charge just got one of the biggest shoutouts. No doubt he recognized you?
Sounds to me that ev manufacturers need to standardize the charging port locations on their vehicles.
man the iPhone video quality is off the charts...look at the natural bokeh yum yum
Is it used more energy due to coldweather? Weather has any effect on ev car?
No thanks my time and life is more important than a little money saved.
For every gas car this isn't an issue. IMJUSTSAYIN!
Do they make extensions you can take with you?
If non-Tesla EV manufacturers even had the slightest inkling they'd need to one day rely on Tesla chargers, why didn't they place their charge ports....well, you know...
I dont think I would get used to waiting 30 min to an hour to fill up. Time is valuable
Omg how funny Tom mahogany at the same time your shooting your video
Teslas charge on the back left or right. Most people don’t know that they have plugs on both sides.
$30 is expensive. $35 gives me a full thank and almost 500 miles.
Hey Marques, after watching your video, I think they should really try to come up with an industry standard as to where the charging port is on a vehicle versus trying to figure this out from a charging station perspective.  Especially if the charging stations are going to keep this general configuration where you have to park up to the charging station.
Kudos on supporting another channel with a rep. For myself, I dont know that I will ever use T chargers in my province (we have excellent CCS coverage) but I might need it out of Quebec. It'll be interesting how my right-sided i5 port will affect the experience.
Google just being racist😂
It's good they have opened some up but u definitely pointing out the problems. And u know wat is crazy u talked with the F150 lightning guy and he is the up next video for me
YOOOO we need another studio video of gas vs Tesla vs non-tesla EV with this new update. Would be nice to see how the lack of optimization directly translates to daily use. It's nice to have things optimized but the trade-off with a lack of it, may not be as bad as we might think. It will also allow for a better comparison of Tesla vs non-TeslaEVs. One of the biggest takeaways from the Studio race to Niagara and back was the horrendous charing network for the Ford. This might change things up and let us compare the capacity, re-gen, etc better.
It's like a project
If they alternate the chargers, they could in essence solve this issue. The push away from how gas station have worked is not the move. Having a pump on both sides makes the most since so having chargers back to back would solve this issue. You could have less or more chargers in a given area depending on the area of need. That would allow a station with two spots that could accommodate a Tesla and non-Tesla respectively.
I'd rather buy a 7-year-old truck that I have to put fuel in before I pay for one of those 80 $90,000 overpriced pieces of shit. You're all going to wish you never bought one of them just give it a year too when it all goes to shit because that's what electronics do
They really need to rethink that F-150 charger port placement. I guess they were expecting chargers to be placed next to the car like current gas stations. That orientation makes sense when you're pulling in and filling up a gas tank in a couple minutes. Or maybe they were thinking more about home charging with a drop down cable?  But it seems like charging from the front or back in normal sized parking spots is going to be the norm for EV charging.
We bought a Tesla for the charging network. I don't wish to alienate other EV users, but is Tesla willing to make more charging locations to accommodate "3rd party" use? It is a selling feature for their vehicles...
The older gas pumps have a spring-loaded extension for the hose. There is a problem, with electricity though.  The longer the cord is the more the resistance builds generating heat which can damage the charger and the vehicle both. The cord can be made to be less resistant, but that costs money. Each charger must make a profit, and you can bet the bean counters are going to cut this thing as close as they can. I would expect quite a few bugs before it gets worked out.
Oh gimme a break push the dam cable in that Ford 150😜🇺🇲
Maybe they could make the cords extend like at gas pumps.
Just an FYI, Tesla owners are very nice, but if we've started charging, we aren't going to move so you can get your vehicle in there. We'd have to go thru another reconditioning. That ain't going to happen.
is $30 normal for Electric charging? or is it just because it's not a tesla at a tesla charger, it's *super fast* charging or whatever, AND it's "on the road" charging so it's more expensive then in home charging?
When Apple sees this and adds a USB-C adapter to every box for "compliance."
Electric cars are kool but there not better for the environment actually there worse. I have better things to do then sit at a gas station for 30 minutes charging my car.
i bet they will put in longer cables!
Isn’t there a cable extension one can buy and keep in the car. Solves the whole staggering problem
Just wondering whether that cost of charging is economical enough
They will implement to just the empty ones so they can optimise the revenues from the chargers
does tesla engine swap count as a tesla? or is it based on the upfront brand?
I always wondered what kind of problems rich folk had.  Interesting.
I'm so glad I'm homeless and living in poverty. I don't have to deal with 1st-world problems.
The amount of time you have to waste sitting there waiting for your car to charge up it’s just dumb..Gas technology has been suppressed for so long we obviously know how to make an engine that can get 100 miles to the gallon easily we just need to let that technology out and then gas is still way more superior than battery is now and will be probably for the next 30 years
Thank you MKB. Message: Making it convenient, attractive, affordable and widely accessible. Buyers should demand manufactures, sellers,  . . should be responsible for providing stations proportionately.The EPA should be making the manufacturers do so.  Kudos to you MKB however, Tesla's got to do what many high-end product manufacturers are doing. Too much time and green $$ are prohibiting EVs wider impact. Getting environmentally-serious is an ecological and economical issue. He who benefits the most economically should be the most eco-consumer friendly. Keep up the good work bro. Tesla we ain't mad at you, but your boss, well . . . 🤔🤣
Electric coffins with wheels 😂
Teslas dominance in the market is the best reason i can think of to avoid EV's
A whole video to recommend extendable charging cords 😆
Had this issue in Germany as well, where we had to park up really close to the station. Tesla should just fit some longer cables, so reaching the load port won't be that much of an issue.
One of Tesla's strongest assets in EV adoption is the charging network. 99.9% uptime is one of the main reasons they still have an upper hand. Any non-Tesla EV owner that finds this out will immediately go out of their way to charge at a Tesla charger if they need to because of this alone.
this feels like how Apple made facetime available on "Non-iPhone"
$0.49/KWh is quite expensive. Considering $3.40 is today's national avg for gas, you'll go ~39 miles on a gallon for most hybrid SUVs. For the same price, the Rivian goes ~14.5 miles (2.08mi/KWh). Even at $0.39/KWh, you're looking at ~18 miles. We talk too much about range and not enough about drive efficiency
*sigh* from 30% to 80% for 30 minutes and cost $30 when a regular vehicle would cost maybe $60 for a few minutes and the vehicle itself would most likely be half the price of an electric. Let's face it there's no real incentive to switch from gas to electric when everything seems to be more of an inconvenience.
Is it only me that notice Tesla1 plate number?
park behind the charger if there is only one spot left, that truck should be able to drive on that snow or grass
Charging port locations should be standardized in the industry...
its a new kind of chaos, and thankfully i charge at home 99% of the time.
If only they would build these charging stations as drive through with the charger on an island. LIKE EVERY GAS STATION EVER BUILT!!  All of these issues would go away. Break the back in charger station paradigm.
Longer cables or smaller vehicles...that's the question...WE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO DECIDE!
I'm subscribing to state of charge now too 😁
Just looked at the Tesla charger map, it looks like only a handful of their superchargers in the New York were opened up for non-tesla vehicles. Let's hope more will be available soon! Great reviews like usual! 👍
i think this is going to piss off tesla owners
Nice running into State of Charge and giving Tom a hand and a moment to shout out his channel.
Easy fix. Longer cables, and or parking spots in the middle.
Garbage....
50% More juice and 30 minutes of idle time. $30 + a modest $12.50 worth of your time. So about $85 of actual costs to get 100% range.  Since the Rivian averages at $83,000,  its likely you make more than $25 per hour.    So math time.   EV Rivian R1T 1 Hour of charging for $60 plus $25 of wasted time = $85 fill up to get around 300 miles of range.   vs   Gas Loaded Chevy Tahoe  $82,400 /  408 mile range  24 Gallons * 17mpg combined. Gas Price in Brewster NY $2.52 Per Gallon.    10 Minutes for fueling $60.40 +  $4.16 of wasted time.   = $64.56 fill up to get 400 miles of range  The Tahoe can fill up in 10 minutes virtually anywhere in the country including Mexico and Canada, get more range. Be maintained / repaired in virtually anywhere. Requires no  additional infrastructure or cost for fast home changing. Can run out of fuel on a highway with needing a tow truck to refill. Never needs to worry about a "cold fuel tank" . And when the Tahoe finally dies in 20/30 years or longer it will be 100% recyclable.   EV'S are a joke at this point and will stay that way until scientist discover ways to increase energy density  (MJ/kg).   Gasoline is 46 (MJ/kg) Lithium ion battery has 0.3 MJ/kg
We need to ban f150's from being able to use Tesla Superchargers, no car should take up more than 1 spot, that is unacceptable.
I would say go to the last charging station if possible, that way you can minimize taking up too much space.
I had no idea you could do this but then I've never even seen one in the UK.  Shame as I just gave up on the dream of an EV after 10 years and bought another Petrol.
I was ever so happy to have the option to charge my 2020 Renault Zoe at a couple of Tesla chargers on my summer vacation trip through France last year. Most of the time I was able to use the available chargers from the other charge point providers, but some of them were down for service and at those times the Tesla chargers were a lifesaver. It's really disappointing to see how bad the problems with the charging infrastructure are currently in the US.
Isn't the Rivian company tanking? Didn't stocks just drop dramatically because they can't keep up with manufacturing?
Dude.. who cares? LoL Screw electric.
Was expecting you to use the S23 to shoot this video
Cool literally  hands on video. Thanks!
Non Teslas should just carry around an extension cable.
A lot of maps default to 0* W 0* N, that's why it takes you to the gulf of guinea around africa
We need national standards for chargers, it's the only way to remove one of the biggest barriers to electric vehicles  I live in Eden Prarie MN, we have 2 Tesla and 9 other chargers and about half are available, I see mostly Teslas and some Rivians but nowhere close to enough chargers, work might have 2-4 chargers for employees, but still not enough
i dont really understand wanting an EV i cant imagine having to wait 30+ min for my car to charge when i could just go to a gas station and fill my car in less then 5 min
Definitely needs a bit more than slapping a retrofit on to make it work, but while testing the waters probably as good as it can go
All these electric companies need to come to ONE simple design for the chargers.. not practical at all. Will never switch to electric if it’s gonna be such extra work. Gas cars have ONE pump and different gas options. Simple in and out, grab a snack and LEAVE. Not sure why they don’t stick to where to put the charger, and a nice resting area while your car charges so you can eat or something since you have to wait so long. Electric isn’t practical and still doesn’t work unless you have the time and money
Oh you in Westchestah!? Dat's it!
So 30 to 80 % cost 30 bucks.  How much range is that and cost per mile 🤔
Believe it or not this EXACT same  Tesla super charger setup has been in Elizabethtown, Kentucky for a good couple of years. Shocking! We are usually the last to get something the rest of the world has had for a long time. If ever!
I don’t own an EV so idk the ins and out but people actually wait 30+ minutes to charge their car? I complain when I have to wait less than 5 mins to fill my tank with gas. I love EVs I guess I just didn’t know what to expect for the charging experience
With version  4 chargers this short cable issue will be a problem of the past, these will get 6 feet longer cables, so everybody can park in the right spot, nose in or out, what is best for your situation... First version 4 charger installed right here in Harderwijk Netherlands!
Tesla should start selling extension cables to non Tesla owners to carry around to enable people to park in the correct bays
You should check out some electric cars from Europe and Japan. I know Nissan just launched the the Sakura in Japan, it’s an ultra compact 4 seater electric Hatchback. It’s baffling the kind of cars that look like common sense but you just can’t get in the states.
Honestly Tesla owners were way to prideful in my opinion, this is a great way to get back at them. I encourage every non Tesla to just troll these stations with your nontelsas.
I have seen locally where they are putting the charger out in the space versus along the curb. Still under construction so may still be changing. But that is an easier way to solve the two space issue (can back-in or not depending on car). Just more risky of people hitting the charge station and space is wider per vehicle. But this is all part of the nature of new tech. Can’t wait for NIST and standardization to happen.
There is a cable extension, I would hope you all buy it so that you don't take more than 2 spot
This is great idea but car manufacturers need to reconsider their approach to where to place the charger output like State of Charge has said you don’t want to strain the cable and you need to at least extend the cable supply from the dock with extra capacity so you can pull it into the charging dock.
Copy paste url to twitter.....
It is awesome, but needs an extension cord.  Got it, is it possible to have one in the glovebox?
That guy sounded like drake
Great color for the Rivian
Almost $90 for a full charge on the big battery Rivan. My Tahoe at 10mpg is cheaper to fill up.
It’s the bad design and location of the non Telsa EV charger port.
Will you invest in Aptera?
I saw a documentary years ago where an engineer couldn’t understand why there isn’t a standard design for all fill/ charging ports to be on the same side. I agree! So stupid and creates wasted time at the pumps/charging stations as your video clearly demonstrates.
1:33 Yo Tesla app is racist
Worth noting, in the EU we don't need the adaptors, thanks to standards.
This proves it for me. Electric cars are just never gonna work.
A few meters of extra cable length would solve all the problems, especial if the charger stations where installed on the middle of the parking space to make it more universal, but that is a more costly modification than a longer cable if they are already installed.
its going to get a lot worse...
All they need to do is just make the cables long enough to reach the other side of the car and the issue would be solved
With a truck like that he could stand on the other side of the SU sideways and the cable would reach no problem.
SCREAMS-n-FAINTS!!! The State of Charge dude this is awesome MKHD. Thank you Brotha for sharing this video :)
I’m curious if this will allow Tesla vehicles that have disabled supercharging to charge.
That's a pretty big thing if they expand it. I looked on my app and there aren't any in the Michigan region yet. The big problem with almost all EV's right now is the availability of WORKING charging ports while on the move. If you can remove range anxiety (and be able to, like a gas car, just jump off any exit and find a charger) then that changes the game. And if Tesla integrates with the rest, that pretty much doubles the charging capability for all EVs.
Tesla should start charging money on non tesla cars 🤑🤑🤑💰💰💰💰💰💰💰
Extension cables(in cars) could solve this(temporarily), right?
Looks like homie in the red civic recognized you. He slowed down so much.😂
This sounds like something I refuse to partake in 😂😂😂😂😂
All EVs need to agree on the same location of the charging port, just like petrol cars, they're all in the same location, then this wouldn't be a problem.
Looks like Tesla has a new income stream.
Until charging stations become as easy to access as gas stations I’m sticking with my hybrid.
It doesn't default to Africa, but rather Null Island (0 lat 0 long).
The v4 Superchargers have been installed in The Netherlands. Parking spots are larger,  and cables are longer. Supporting 1000v and 350kw - excellent! This should help with charging 3rd party ev's
EV vehicles just suck people are buy into the bull 💩
Tey need to install longer power cords.
I GUESS YOU HAVE NEVER HAD TO BACK INTO A GAS PUMP... IDIOT.....
Sitting here watching this in my 4 cylinder...
why dont electric companies put the port on the back left like the petrol ones?
Y’all up here breakin and stretching out our stuff… arggg OMG 🙇🏽‍♀️
I'm not against EVs, but you can refuel an ICE vehicle at any gas station. There needs to be a global standard. As I understand the EU has adopted a standard that is different from Tesla and the US hasn't adopted any yet.
I am Soooooo sooooo upset about this as a Tesla house of 3 and a stock holder. I just don’t want to deal w non Tesla cars, the rules, the waits, the etiquette. I feel like a club member when they have a non member Saturday. However, I KNOW it’s inevitable 😢😮❤ … we travel a lot. Best part of having a Tesla. You ESPECIALLY hate that non Tesla will block 2 spots and my Tesla app will NOT update so it will appear that spots are OPEN when they are NOT! 😢
Great for non-Tesla owners, horrible for the Tesla owners that they’re supposed to serve. The Tesla owner experience continually gets worse and worse. Almost like they want you to buy something else.
In France, around half of the superchargers can be used by non tesla. The length of the cable to reach the various positions of the charge port is clearly a thing. At the investor day, Tesla said that we'll get longer cablesoon with V4 superchargers. But tesla also came with a new template for parking spots and new position for the charger, i made this video (in french) to explain it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Eg9StDLw8
Man I thought electric cars were cheap to charge.
“I don’t know why it defaulted to Africa interesting.” Racist phone
waw medyo bad boy
Plugging that guys channel like it was nothing. So holesome.
Greedy Musk
So let me get this straight. EV owners do nothing but research/drive around looking for already limited chargers, wait 30-40 minutes to get said “fast” charge. Then they all sit and talk about chargers? Liberals… 😂 😂😂
for an access as an EV company they definitely have to provide a better network of chargers. tesla has very big share in that field and to conquer it all tesla has to do is to allow other brands to charge. tesla is now actually a platformer in EV industry!
How far did you have to drive to get there? I fuel up 1/4 mile from my house and on my way in 5 minutes. Once EVs become more popular and charging stations are full, how long will it take to do a 1500 mile trip. Between finding a charging station, waiting in line to charge, and taking an hour to charge, it will take a week to get across country. Definitely not ideal and a LONG way to go before I get interested in an EV
Marques….that cost is ASTRONOMICAL. Use the lightning as an example. If I used a Tesla supercharger on a long trip from south Jersey to Stowe Vermont, I would charge 5-6x’s.   If each charge took me from 20%-80% it would cost $30 PER CHARGE! That would be almost double the cost of driving a gas F150 with 36gal tank!!   Even worse, that is almost $130 more than what it typically costs me to make the same drive relying on electrify America’s per-minute charging !
That's big connector hahah
bruh im sittin here waitn on my sheeit to charge like i got one.
I think Tesla will come up with extention cables. 😅 I just don't understand why they just did not add a normal outlet on the charger so people can use their own cables.
9:00 i feel like that spot might be usable if that snow wasn't there, and ignore all the markings on the parking lot, parking at and angle or sideways 10:02 i just have to say that F150 charging port door thing looks really stupid with the huge logo on it and it opens up to be in the way, it could have been designed differently, maybe they were expecting charging station layouts to be more like gas stations and less like a parking lot
And WHY did the government allow an A-hole like Musk to dictate the proprietary  characteristics of the charging stations??? Can anyone say ANTI-monopoly Laws!!
Pretty sure someone makes extension cables.   Oems could probably make some money here.  But they wont . 😂
No matter what you do people will keep complaining
Definitely the Solution to the current Charge Spot problem, Is TESLA to roll out longer charging cables for the Non Tesla charging experience.
State of Charge sent me here. Cool to see their interaction on both their channels.
All maps (mercator based) default to Africa because USA is not the center of the earth. 0°N/0°E is just on the Guinea gulf. And every computer programmer initialize variables with 0 so it is very common to see Google Maps pointing to Guinea.
Besides improvements in the placement of each charger, and the parking grid layout, I think the biggest and possibly easiest improvement can be achieved by simply adding longer charging cables. Otherwise a worldwide standard for charging connectors on vehicles of every brand may be another option? Great video, and great timing for other drivers to arrive just in the nick of time with a great variety of car brands and charging situations. 👌🏼
30 bucks? Gas cars better
That's huge for everyone (including tesla company) but tesla owners 🤣
Gasoline car same problem, however costco have a solution with a slightly longer cable with retractable hose.
Tesla should sell adapters with an extension cable, put the cost on non tesla owners to want to use their system. The benfits would be cost and at the same time give "non optimized" cars a way to park efficiently without having to adding length to existing chargers. This would allow tesla to not have to upgrade their current super chargers.  In my opinion, this would be the best way. But id like to know any issues with the idea above, if you see any please tell me!
allways think chargeport for all ev should be rear left. like most gas cars have it rear left and some rear right. but everyone wana cook its own spot and so on...
OMFG, that was super fast 30 minutes WOW!!!!!!!!🥴
you know that rivian is going on sale once MKBHD gets a cybertruck ;P
The microphone in this phone was excellent.
Are you using S23Ultra? :o I was pretty sure you are apple fanboy.
Why Tesla bother about the “optimisation” what Tesla already doing is a favour on others … Tesla must charge more to non-Teslas and earn from this favour.
it added 6 miles of range in 21 minutes. ill buy one in like 10 years.
$30 to go from a quarter tank to a little over three quarter tank? Certainly not compelling to me to go electric if it costs the same or more than it does for my gas vehicle to top off. No benefits whatsoever.
30 bucks? I'll stick to gasoline on my hybrid that has more than 600 miles of range.
It is simple make the cable longer
gonna end up with a lot of broken cables
$30??? Holy expensive electricity!
Europe has had this for a while now due to EU regulations. I think it is also good business for Tesla as most (remote) super chargers are idle most of the time. It is a nice backup and addition to the network for non-tesla drivers
I think if this were typical of the charging situation experienced by non Tesla drivers then the whole EV experience is far more positive! 👏👍😀
Tesla should change business model, we see their sales dropping (mostly bc we now have more options at EV that are good enough), so they could open up their network to non Teslas, and potentially earn decent revenue from that.
There should be a "dongle" extension cable for non Tesla EV's sold only by Tesla to make more Apple money 😂
lol, this wasn't even planned, two youtubers, a bunch of non-teslas. HAHAHA, this is great. I'm gonna stick with gas until this gets worked out.
To be fair, I fully expected Tesla to unlock their chargers but require you to bring the adapter for your vehicle. The short cables can be a problem but I guess that will be considerated ín the future for new superchargers and hopefully retrofitted soon.
Hey what's up y'all I'm kibishi here
I can 'recharge' my v6 4x4 with gas in about 60 seconds ....
What is your phone?😂
I would not call Tesla super chargers "very reliable" as you did. In Brentwood, Nashville at Target this Dec 2/3 of the chargers did not work for at least a week because of the cold. Imagine  how lone the line was when there was only 5 stations working. They also do not charge as fast a they do in the summer it takes 10 to 20 minuets to warm the Tesla battery to warm up to even start to charge.
If it is done right, Tesla could earn a lot here. Oil company are rich selling petroleum to costumer. Tesla could sell their renewable energy to costumer at a premium price in this charger. They are ramping up their energy business, and they have to build a lot more chargers.  I believe that they can pull that off.  To solve the congestion problem, just they need to charge more for non Tesla to use their infrastructure. It will be fair if non Tesla need to pay 3 to 4 times what a normal Tesla would pay. It will be a game changer and more people will buy a Tesla for that.
What if everyone parks at a slight diagonal line
The fact that the government doesn’t mandate a same plug for every vehicle is ridiculous. They’re barely doing that with phones and it’s insane how long it takes to solve simple problems
Hopefully your efforts giving thought to etiquette and how to make the most of this change for everyone will carry through to when this is an even more mainstream concern. I love to see a prosocial perspective on what could easily have been an adversarial click bait situation
Longer cable or an extension would probably solve that
must be a dull place to wait? so lots of work needs to be on hand to use time efficiently?
Fyi, the map centered on the 0N 0W coordinate, on the prime meridian and equator at the beginning. The map must default to no location data to start, thus defaulting to the 0,0 point.   It's why a lot of photos with geotag fields but no geotag data default to that location when visualized on a map.
too bad public transportation doesn't have these problems.  these cars are just inventing problems to solve for themselves.
I think a good solution would be that every EV has an extension cable come with it to keep in the trunk. That way you can extend the length of the cable yourself without Tesla having to change their super chargers
What is the cost breakdown of that? Seems like a lot
Did a quick Google search and apparently there are charger extension cables? You could just keep on in your car and suddenly the parking nightmare is over.
$30 for electric high voltage idk man I’ll stick to petro it’s better and it even smells kinda alr when I get to smell that petro
Just put the cables with more length
Longer cables are gonna have to be a thing for this to work right
Musk is a genius he is not just making $$ out of his own brand but other as well..🍺🍺🍺🍺
Current fixes at Santa Cruz location https://youtube.com/shorts/aAwVmhdekgo?feature=share
Wait, we had this since November 2021 in Europe, at least in some spots in the Netherlands. Here it's much easier with the standardised CCS plug.
NIO company will give us swappable batteries
Need longer retractable cables
This how few cars are at that charging station, they're making money selling you electricity that they otherwise wouldn't've. I imagine margins on electricity aren't enough to really justify setting up chargers - it's more about the car sales themselves.
Bro, I hate my mind but why tf it defaulted to Africa. 😂
The "start up the app in Africa" thing is pretty common - 0,0 is in the Atlantic off the coast, just south of Ghana.
no show how all that works without your phone.
I believe this is the reason why I’d always prefer a gasoline engine to an electric power plant. Nothing against EV’s but I’d rather just have the easier way of going about it with a gas powered vehicle.
Janesville Wi has the magic dock now!!!
Simple solution, have non Tesla cars have an extension adapter, problem solved. 5 feet should do.
I do not understand why ALL manufactures do not have their port near the bumper like yours or Tesla? Additionally, thank you for making this video! What you have brought to light is fascinating! Hopefully things will improve, and, like you said, hopefully the people will be civil to each other and help each other as you did with the guy in the other truck.
what camera you're using for this video, the dynamic range is really good.
30 dollars 🤣🤣🤣🤣
i didnt understand the member vs non member price difference? how significant is it/what are the normal prices?
Stay in your public chargers 🤣🤣
Tesla owner dnt wanna deal with this ish 🤣🤣🤣  Yet again tesla dominating The Ev
they could just make the cable longer like say 2 or 3 feet longer so it could come over or around the front / rear end of the vehicles. and its just a thot gives more wiggle room.
They just need to make regulation that all evs charge from the front of the car above the bumper. Also throw in there that they all have to use the same charging port
Elon don’t give an inch on letting non Tesla use your chargers that you spent Elon money on sounds like a gold mine to me.
Someone is going to make a small fortune selling extension cables for those Tesla chargers. Honestly, considering how big some of these EV's happen to be (especially those trucks used by Amazon), I'm surprised that hasn't already happened on some level.
Really wonderful video and perspective
Good points I can see company's (other than Tesla) changing where they put their charging ports to accommodate the Tesla Super Charger. Of course when they the style of their models or give them a face lift
How soon 'till crocks realize your a sitting duck.
State of Charge guy pulled up and probably lost his shit when he saw MKB. Probably took a couple minutes in the truck to calm down before getting out. Ultimate tech YouTuber clout opportunity.
are those batteries environmentally friendly? 😂 nope. they’re going to end up over in africa with all the other e waste. don’t think you’re saving the planet because you’re not. fossil fuel user for life 👌 remember when they told you to stop using paper bags because it’s bad for the trees use plastic and then they told you don’t use plastic use paper bags. make it make sense 😵‍💫🥴🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪
Rivian needs to sell an extension cord
what is sad about this situation that this administration never believe in Elon Musk .This guy is a brilliant in our time .I have Tesla and he made it so easy to use it .for everybody out there Welcome to real way of charging your car .you will love it
All  Governments need to pay attention , If you want EVs replacing gas stations,  They need to standardize all Plug and the all EV stations , then you don't have these problem in the future!
Finally someone who can use a Tesla charger on a non-Tesla and not park like an asshole.
I think most companies will add support for preconditioning and plug in play supercharging for a monthly subscription or something. That's one thing I wouldn't mind as a subscription because if you don't pay for that it's just way more inconvenient but not blocking you from features entirely. Also I'm sure Tesla will come out with a supercharger v2 that has 2 cables in one unit or something so that other vehicles can charge easily
Bro really pulled the android cable to the iPhone SE
What an inconvenience, imagine during bad weather.  Call me when they work out all this mess and price them competitively.
The audio in this video is unbearable. What phone is this recorded on?
Hey Marques, I think he would’ve been fine if he tried from under the charge door instead of beside it in the video. If he ran the cable under the charge door, it looks like it would theoretically give him another 2 inches of length to plug in.
They could design them kinda like gas stations with spots for left and right sided ports  Or just longer cables
Doesn’t Testa cars have 2 openings on their tails? Like an opening on each tail side.
Give up your main moat in the most philanthropic act by any commercial operation I have ever known, Tesla is a company who truly lives by is mission statement. Makes you proud and worried for your charging future at the same time.........here we go. Just came across this in operation in the UK. Plug in Range Rover  hybrids blocking up 2 bays and sitting for hours super slow charging so they can get to park close to the restaurant.......this is not gonna end well. Meantime Mercedes Benz announce their new brand specific network in the US.....crazy world we live in.
If only the other companies and Government would just adopt what Tesla did.. no they had to choose their own. Even though Tesla system has been proven time and time over. Smh
Man I cringed everytime that guy said "MARKEEESE"💀 imagine how Marques must've felt😂
Great investigation and discovery of some short comings.   Tesla opening up their charger stations is to get "EV Charger Federal Tax Credit".  But if not many vehicles can "conveniently" use it,  especially for F-150 (with @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney), it's not fair they still get Federal credit. I am sure they will fix it, otherwise, please use your platform to advocate it.
Gas driver. You said it took half an hour and 30$. I personally can fully my suv for the same price in a fraction of the time. When does it become cost effective to switch from fossil fuel to electric. Also this did not charge to 100%, what would it take to get to 100%?
WOW! 50% - 30$ !!! Expensive car, expensive "fuel", expensive everything. I don't see this replacing normal fossil fuel vehicles in the near future, well, in any time of the future, period. What I see this will be for tech enthusiast not for everyday work. Maybe hydrogen or artificial gasoline, or fusion batteries a la Fallout game series 🤣
Just make a lonnnnnng cable.
Even at 3.5 miles per kWh (small cars like Model 3, Kona, etc), $0.49/kWh is comparable to getting 19.8 mpg at what I paid ($2.779/gal) on my last fillup. I routinely get 44 mpg.
Electric vehicles are only going to complicate your life. Dealing with unnecessary bullshit!  There are many, many unknown factors in buying an electric vehicle.  I will never buy electric vehicles in my lifetime.
the fact that this video is shot on I phone 14 pro max is incredible!!
We need ccs extension cord. Opportunity!!!
Wow, are you using a phone to record this video?
There's a market opening for extension cables!
I would lose my damn mind in that ford F-150 being that close and it not working
I'd guess that Tesla knows which chargers are overutilized and which are underutilized and I would also guess that they won't convert any of the overutilized chargers for this.
If only we solved the port being in some other part problem before... OH WAIT WE DID. There is a REASON you have excessively long fluid cables in gas stations
EVs are the stupid future. Just get tid of those dumb cars.
With the charge costing $30, how does that compare to the other options you have? Maybe that's a question for the other guys channel.
$30 to not even get a full charge, yea ill stick with my $40 fill up from E and 550 miles of range
Is this more or less expensive than the non-tesla chargers?
I wonder what the feasibility would be for a CCS extension cable?  Also, whatever camera you’re using looks really good.
They should keep for tesla only
36cents per KW.. FCK THAT my light bill isnt event 20 cents per kilowatt and i pay 250 ish per mth.
V4 charge comes with a longer cable.
Charging an android with an Apple charger. Get the adapter
Oh thank god my Ioniq 5 has the charging port in the right spot. My old 2017 Ioniq was back left which would've probably been fine also. At least I get to park front out if I ever use a supercharger.
check mate Tesla 💯🔋 People just order your Tesla from the tesla app🤣
So fun to see Tom there charging with MKBHD.  He's the GOAT of home EVSEs and State of Charge is a great channel.  It was also funny to see how bad he felt about mispronouncing Marques' name.
What they need to do is - Make a dedicated section for non-Tesla vehicles, that Tesla owners can also use if the Telsa-only spots are taken. - Longer cables - Better parking spots - Give the option to remove the CCS adapter for Tesla owners or other vehicles that don't use it.
I just saw a first.. the chargers were actually set into the parking lot, vs being set back against the grass. This would seem to fix the issue with other vehicles given everyone had to pull through, teslas, or back in non-teslas. Saw this today near Austin gigafactory.
Asking people to move is also not ideal.  Superchargers share charging capacity in pairs so people that know that already leave one space in between to maximize charging speed. As a Tesla charges it starts slowing down, so the worst scenario is two Teslas side by side with low battery just beginning to charge. At a 250kW charger it's less of an issue, but still noticeable. In the video's scenario, to charge a non-Tesla on the right one of the Model 3s would have had to move right beside the other which would possibly slow down their charging.  Granted, if a Tesla would have arrived the same thing would have happened, but now you're depending on the goodness of others and I could see how that can break down at scale.
Saint internet.  Me a elder millenial hanging on a computational polarizing thread. Watches MKBHD and I feel better.   And like weirdly Tristan Harris gets credit for critical analysis of tech but like he's basically talking to other middle class white professionals around the world. Like these weird Anglo Saxons doing the least with their political and technical access  like why can't we just have MKBHD the web3 high priest. I still don't know what to do about techno gulag  authoritarian China. But then again like who even goes to China.
That is one ugly looking truck
it's not tesla's issue that a non-tesla wanting to charge in a tesla charger
what if a tesla semi truck pulls in and it blocks all the charging ports... they should just make it a retractable cable 30 foot long and that solves everything at every station...
Longer cables!
man talk about a plug  he probably got thousands of subs from that unless hes already there lol
Why can't they just make the cable a bit longer or place the charger in the middle of the parking spot instead of the sign board
They may have to rethink charging stations if Tesla wants to scale this. Not sure if they would be able to have a retractable cord like you find at most if not all Costco gas stations.  For those that don't have an EV what's the pricing looking across vehicles. Is the cost of using a Tesla charger on a non Tesla different?
If you want to charge at a Tesla charger, you should just get a Tesla
The chargers just need to be laid out like your regular gas pumps, so you can approach them on two sides. That would solve the problem
So the hoses are too short. Noted.
A simple solution would be just a bit longer cable that can reach the other side
Technically, you can charge in spot 1A, just don't pull all the way in.
It popped up near Africa because the default GPS if it can't figure out your GPS location, is 0 Latitude and 0 Longitude, which is located off the coast of Africa.
What if your cellphone has shitty reception? 😮
What a joke! You have to do all that just to charge a pickup and or car that sux? Viva gasoline
For someone with zero knowledge on EV charging, it seems expensive. I guess it's rare to have to charge somewhere other than your home/office.
Just take that ev and toss it in the garbage. Done
U are an extremely nice person 🙌❤
what a great video. 😮 it's almost like you guys planned the meet hehe
Room for Tesla to start capitalizing on specialized extension cords?
Simple fix. Make the cable longer
“ charge your non-Tesla” is so passive aggressive 😂
First world problems.
This video should be charging a piece of shit at a Tesla charger
Car manufacturers if they plan on using the tesla charging network, they'll need to move the charge port to the other side. Or utilize the front of the car. I'm sure it wouldnt take much to put a charge port in the front, with a port cover. I think people would be put off about that at first but people seemed to warm up to the tesla plaid steering wheel fairly quickly. 🤷‍♂️
People are worrying about not knowing what to eat next, and this guy is worried about the alignment of the charger. Dude, do some charity like #JRE. He is amazing you are fak!ng brother.  Don't worry just my opinion.
Anyone that’s ever been to a busy USA gym will know that there is no etiquette involving letting others use equipment. Get ready because that’s exactly what’s gonna happen with charging stations. Nobody is going to think or care that anybody else wants to use it.
Tesla can probably afford to pay to repaint the parking line so the the chargers are centred in a lane but they’ll definitely need longer cables or they can sell extension cables as an accessory
Early adopters are basically QA testers. Thanks for dealing with these idiosyncrasies before EVs become standard.
I dont own an EV, but I always assumed that 99% of the time you are charging at home.
That price screams get a gas truck at that rate for me. Thats 50% at $30 and on E filling up a gas truck is $60. I only spend 5 to 10min waiting vs 30 to an hour. This is to why i wont get an electric  vehicle.
Marcus : "I don't know why I defaulted to Africa"  Seriously bro 😂 P.S Just a joke
After a few months, the strain on those cables is going to cause some serious issues. They definitely need some extending cables that you can pull out of the charger that click at certain increments.
Number of parking spots not being optimized is not the issue.  If all charging stations are busy, isnt that considered 100% efficiency? I could see the problem if it caused charging stations to be skipped because the parking configuration did not allow for it - now that would be a very serious problem.
The map (probably) opened to where it did because that center point is 0 lat, 0 long
Extension cable…?
Apart from the charging woes... Lucid Air is the best looking EV on the market right now.
tesla is having slumping car sales since they never figured out there fit n finish and other companies caught up. call it now tesla is gonna pivot to the gas station brand. they are still years ahead on this front on both app and roll out front along with the stations just working. most people will be happy to pay the premium even if a cheaper option exist since it isn't a lot total extra and it just works.
Interesting. Yeah, don’t block two spots. But great video.
1:32 I think it defaulted to _Greenwich mean time,_ GMT 00:00 not exactly Africa 😂
Ev’s are trash. Technology is nice but 30 min charging. Naaa. Less than 5 min on a gas car 😂😂😂
So he went from basically 1/3 ish of a charge to a little over 3/4 of a charge and It cost the same, it’ll cost me to fill up my equinox to get 375ish miles of range out of the Chevy where’s the value? I’m not being funny, I wanted to get a equinox ev next but idk outside of not needing to get a oil change anymore what’s the point.
Rich people problems bhooooo😢
Do all you top creators live in the same town or something??
We can also say it's Ford fault for how they put the charge door. to be honest if ev company made charger ports be on 1 specific side it would help everyone, increasing the cable length will creat more waste unless they re use the cable to make a new one but what are the odds. They can even step it like the charge station I work at, RS automotive in Takoma park it's set as a normal gas station concept with charger port side by side and level 2 by themselves
That's why I have a VW ID4 and now I have three years of free fast charging !
30 dollars and not even 100 percent?  No thanks, I will stick with gas.  In an out within a few minutes.
So 30 bucks for 50 percent charge and 30 mins gone? Yeah, that's a nope, i really hope car makers go back to focusing on hybrids. A real solution!
Retractable cables that can reach anywhere in the space.  It would improve the experience for Tesla users who don't feel comfortable backing in as well as non-Teslas with currently incompatible port locations.
Wouldn’t an aftermarket extension cable you keep in your non Tesla solve all those issues?
Here's an idea, perhaps non-Tesla's should purchase a short CCS extension cord to help reduce the close connections.
Kind of an issue as some gas stations. Gas hoses in the US are really short, where as in Mexico all gas stations have long enough hose to reach the other side of you car without having to worry to much if you pull in the left or right side of your gas.
At 5:00 you mention charge ports on the back left of Tesla's but I saw some Tesla videos showing a "secret" charge port also available on the back right? Is that just a mod? Or why was that a thing
$30 bucks ???????????????????????????????????????????????? way to expensive, electrify america i think wins this battle
Guessing they won't offer non-Tesla charging in the supercharger stations where it's already high Tesla-only demand.  In a sense this actually let's them select under-utilized locations to help make them profitable.
Seems to me there is $$$ to be made...an adapter that plugs into your vehicle's charging port to accommodate a Tesla plug with a 6' cable. A non-Tesla extension cord.
LOL 30min to refuel...err charge. Practicality out the window. I'll stick to gas.
2% or 7 miles for $2.94 is sad, $0.47 a mile. Gas is high again (think Brandon) at $3.90 for "regular" my paid-off 2009 Toyota Camry gets 25-35 MPG real-world data. Let's go with 30, that's $0.13 a mile, and I can fill it in under 5 minutes. Let's go with my larger Jeep (also paid-off) with a big engine that gets 18MPG, that's $0.22 a mile. Environmentally driving a used vehicle just in the material impact is better than the electric. The electricity is also generated by natural gas or coal, so you're just pushing the problem down the line of pollution. The truck is cool, and if you want to spend your money on it, that's on you, but don't be tricked into thinking you're saving the planet or driving for a lower cost.
So in other words no phone no charge
Ouch, 49 cents per kwh though... 39 with 'membership' still high wondering how much it would actually charge a Tesla.
I think someone should make extension cables for EV charging, many people will need it to fit in the allotted spaces! Could be lucrative.
Charging Wars incoming 😂
it doesn't surprise me that FORD would put the charge port in a stupid location and they are only going to get worst by the years
This is a game changer for EV’s, I hope there begins to be significantly more built or retrofit. I have a Tesla right now and frankly I just won’t be getting another, I’d love to go and get a Taycan but can’t because of charging infrastructure.
$30 for 30  minutes????????? where are the savings? thats not worht the time, we say TIME=MONEY ???? I will be keeping  my gas stove for awhile ...lol
Did you say you added 55% for $30, how many miles is that, 140?
i mean that real life moment was pretty cool to watch !
A stop and shop near me has 12  superchargers.
Another reason they are opening these chargers to other EVs, is that they are federally subsidies requires it. Musk is not going to turn that goverment money down.
As a Tesla owner welcome to the Super charger network. As an engineer a few words of caution. If your charge port is poorly located for super charger usage - the cable does not stretch, don’t try to stretch it. - it only bends a few times at 90deg - if its realty tight, it will damage the NACS connector - if its realty tight, it will damage the NACS to CCS connector - if its realty tight, it will damage the CCS connector in your EV, your fault - you could cause a fire As a Tesla owner you could lose my good will.  Enjoy the super charger experience.
0:26 fin.
So cool to see two EV YouTube people on at the same time. I have watched "State of Charge" multiple times. Nice going guys and thanks.
Short Cable length is not about the cost alone. It's more related to Power wastage as well. As you increase the cable length, you end up increasing the resistance, thereby wasting power in the form of heat. Whatmore, you lose Voltage at the receiving end too which might result in your car not even charge
If everyone parks at 45 degree angle, I think it will be fine. Every cable will be enough
What about the last spot too the right of the back of the truck? Wouldn't that be less of a parking issue if other Tesla were there?
Great vid!! Will this work the volvo hybrids
I see a business model for extension cable connectors
Why are there so many issues with non-Tesla chargers? I’ve never seen a Tesla charger that didn’t work.
Like petrol pumps, just have hoses that extend and roll back in. Job done
35 minutes to charge,  25 miles out of the way,  .49 cents/ kw.   Not even close to practical.
Am go wait another 10yrs i want go charge any places without connector puzzles
Thing about these 8k videos is that, you get to see every detail..even crust on the eyes. Yeahhhhhhhh
That's one thing I don't really care for about my Tesla. I would really have prefered that the charging port was in the front.
Could an extension cord be created for just that problem,doesn’t seem it be that difficult.🤔
Marquis I think we should do more field trips like this. I love watching you interact with other people.  This was a great video..
I remember that State of Charge guy from the early BMW i3 days
Extension cords need to be made.
$30 for 50% is the price of gas. Still shows EVs are not the answer. Yes theyre cool but still more of an inconvenience.
There is a place for EVs in today's society, it's called a GOLF COURSE.
is a nightmare in some BUSY CHARGING STATION ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now if they bring in other non-tesla............ OMG going to be waiting few hours for a SPOT..............................
Extension cables?
Six miles of range for $3.... GTFO of here. What a joke this pricing is.
Really it's the manufactures issue for not thinking this through that is Tesla ever opened up their charges (which they now are) that a standardization of connector type and charge port location. Might mean Ford, Rivian etc move their charge ports to match Tesla's and they should be acting QUICK on this to standardize to give their customers the best experience. Even if you needed to PAY Tesla a royalty per vehicle used to use their stuff that would be smart because Ford didn't try and design their own charge network nor did Rivian etc. I think if I was a property owner with a very large Lot, let's say Wal-Mart, I would put the chargers in an island, so you can pull in and have it at the front or the back, this would be a temporary solution till vehicles standardize where the charge port is. I don't even own an EV and I saw this coming a mile away.
Dumb
Did anyone else noticed the cat sound 😢
What I think Tesla should do is work with every big car manufacturer to do an agreement to join up to build/maintain together charging stations to better help consumers
Mmmmm 🤔 Na Gas ⛽️
they should just make designated non-tesla tesla superchargers that can accommodate non tesla evs
Elon can sell them extenders
takes you 30 mins to not even get a full charge for 30 bucks WTF? it takes 4 mins for me to get a full tank of gas for 30 dollars
Adjacent non tesla parking spots
Sooooo, this can all be fixed by longer cables then?
Am I the only one who felt the thumbnail was straight out of a video game
Cant believe the billions of dollars spend and the smartest brains involved in E-cars for over a decade AND CHARGER CORD LENGTH AND POSITION SINKS IT! So F-ing stupid. Should have put the charge ports in the center of the cars and the chargers in the center of the parking spots. Or everyone else should have copied Tesla's locations. Can someone sell extension cords??
Seriously not understanding how the rivian is taking up multiple spots....it's taking one.
I’d just move the rail back some that would easily solve the problem
Definitely a business decision to keep the charger cables short so it's inconvenient for non-Tesla's to charge. They are also super expensive since they are water cooled like others have said.
Tbh this should be something tesla should do as a business strategy, the ability to use any ev in Tesla's charge points would allow tesla to sell more charge points to places
This is the usb-c vs lighting cable again. Should be as simple as 1port, the charger should recognize the car and send out the right current. These companies always gotta make everything a hassle.
I think ppl invented extension cables for a reason. Even 10 million dollars mansion sometimes needs extension cables. You guys should calm down
Tesla is doing the right thing, shame on other manufacturers
How far did $30 get ya? 🧐
"Markeys" Brownlee.
You have an asian and black in your face that's weird
MKBHD
Are there any kind of extension cables available for this kind of problem?
Broo that's racist. 😂 1:41
"marqueese"
Work in Transit. There’s fully electric buses that have that plug style on the front and rear of the bus. They could do that for new electric vehicles.  Also this different style plug is like iPhones vs android phones when it comes to the type of cable ends they use to charge their products.
Too much strain on the charging chord for the guy with the black truck, it needs more length
$30 from 30% to 85% lmao
None available yet in Southern California 😢. Must be doing the less busy chargers first.
Somebody will make an EV charging extension cord. Then you non Tesla cars will charge and be nice.
Porsche already has a solution for the position of the charge port
Jesus Tesla!. Just use a LONGER cable!.
You must carry your on charging cable thet cannect with Tesla cable  is it simple 👍
I used Tesla supercharger on my Volvo C40 all over north Europe last summer :) Went on a tour from Vest coast of Norway, to Denmark, the ferry to Iceland and back again two weeks later, drove down Denmark into Germany, from Germany to Poland, took a ferry to Sweden, drove up middle of Sweden and then over to Norway again and back to the vest coast. We used superchargers a lot, the charging port is in a good spot on that car for those chargers. Not all are that lucky
toje tak ked setri tesla na kably, no KOKOTY
So now Marques copies what Rich Rebuilds does & gets credit for a new concept! Make it make sense 😅. Rich you have arrived 🙌🏾😛🎯
How cool is it that other brands showed up to help test your theory. Im a tesla owner and was thinking on getting a f-150. Now im leaning towards a rivian. Thanks for posting!
Better get an extender.
Tesla did casual mention on the investor day about V4 super chargers and that they have longer cables (currently rolling out only in Europe).
Easy solution Marques, you have the truck and you park on the snow bank at the end… problem solved. 🤷‍♂️🤓
I bought my Tesla in part, because of the charging network. Now that they’re starting to make it available to other EV’s, it will cause even more charging congestion, and even worse in places like cali where you wait in a damn line to charge. I may get out of the Tesla business in the future. Not cool. These people bought EV’s that are not Tesla. They shouldn’t get the benefit of using the Tesla charging network. If Teala opens up, public and 3rd party charging companies will stop putting in charging networks because they can’t compete. We have recently gone back to using our F250 for travel because the price of energy is through the roof and it isn’t worth it. I am starting to question the whole EV thing. just IMO.
so u gotta drive across town, pass a ton of gas stations just to find a charger. once you get there you gotta sign up for an account. so inconvenient
I think it will open things up a lot but yeah, it’s going to be interesting fitting in to charge. Here’s hoping we get more and better stations. I’d like if Rivian set up a network, maybe working with Ford.
While I am a firm believer that electric cars aren’t ready yet, this is a cool step
This way of getting to companies to listen is way better than calling customer service
I've saw those and never knew what they were
I like the s23 plus
So all this is to say the cable should be a few longer? It didn't need so much airtime.
I can't help being proud off kid, don't always agree with his reviews and or opions on the tech he reviews. However I always watch his reviews before I buy new tech. Keep up the good work bro.
I would hate having the charging port in the front of my EV , because I always back up when parking at home. One solution would been to put 2 charge port on every EV.
You loose some you get some. That's the law of sane person!
Defaulted to Africa… Racism
Is there an extension cord all these non-Tesla's could carry?
Good video. We just need an extension card in the Rivian R1T. Cheers!!!
Very well presented. Nice.....
I'm surprised that trying to charge a non Tesla doesn't generate a voice message calling you a pedo by Elon
Come on guys, the solution here is to add longer cables.
I generally hate government, but this issue is in their wheelhouse. They need to standardized all this EV charging nonsense.
Why is it every time I see someone do a legit video on EV's, I want one even less? It's almost 90 dollars to charge if you're empty and it looks like a major pain in the ass. I don't have time for all this...Really. Some of us can't linger at a charging station for 30 minutes all the time. The EV commercial vehicles are a joke too. 100+ miles of range after it's loaded, days of charging on anything other than the fastest superchargers....Are they serious?
why they dont provide longer cable ? Is it like cost thing, or just shorter one is more reliable slash less costly slash provides higher speeds ? Seems kinda dumb to have such a short cable if you know that other cars have charging ports all around
can't wait until the ev craze dies. magnetic is the future.
It's clear where this is headed: Tesla will quickly become the single entity in control of EV charging across the US and likely in other countries as well. I know many people view Tesla as "saintly" rather than just another corporation, but can we agree that a monopoly on this scale is very dangerous? It's crazy.
Isn't the solution just making the cables longer? 😂 Why's this such a big deal?
I noticed you didn’t blur your license plate. I’ve seen many videos blurring, for security and privacy purposes I suppose.
this a scam.
Elon: Let's deploy the Spring loaded charging cable reels
That’s fast but not as fast as a Tesla would charge and it’s expensive, much more so than a Tesla.  That being said, access to the Tesla SuperCharger network would benefit everyone but Tesla owners.  Part of the premium I paid was to gain access to the network.
Why can't they make the charging cable longer like the petrol station, then problem resovled.
$30 bucks? Ill stick to gasoline.
Remember when Tesla was first starting!  There was a lot of stories with good old Elon promising how the charging tech would be open for all to use, because it was important just to go electric, as it was that it was with Tesla you did it. And that we should have universal standards, that was a big thing too, it shouldn't be a clusterfuck of everyone doing it their own way!  Now everyone agrees on how to do it - everyone EXCEPT Tesla, that just has to do it their way.   Also! I thought you could already charge non tesla wehicles? I don't have an EV (yet) but it was my understanding that you could just get an adapter, and then use a tesla supercharger - so is the new thing really that Tesla now is providing the adapter?   And what about having your own cables? Could you have like an extension cable, making it possible to park your car "the right way" at a tesla charging spot, and then hooking up using that?
As always writing a comment to support the channel
$30 & 30 min... Ill stick to gas
From my European perspective part of the problem seems to be those humongous big American cars 😂
I just do not understand the reluctance of manufacturers and governments to standardized basic stuff like charging port locations.
electric car charging should have been standardised from day one instead of allowing every manufacturer to put whatever charger connection in whatever location they thought of. that's the kind of government legislation we want that makes our lives easier instead we get nonsense that keeps their friends in big business happy
forget about Tesla, Tesla is not a car, it is a toy for small children, Musk only used the infinite stupidity of people ... he is an expert in this, because 99% of people in the world absolutely do not think logically and rationally ... electric cars pollute the environment more than diesel 30 years ago
A good demo on the work that needs to be done by non teslas companies to optimize their charging ports.
I mean this is the most first world problem ever, but you would think things like this would be accounted for sooner rather than later.
RE: "I don't know why it defaulted to Africa." It didn't default to Africa per se. It defaulted to a Lat/Long of 0°, 0°
State of charge channel just got supercharged! Thanks for the videos as usual Marques. I just had my first real Tesla road trip.
I don't think this is about having longer cables at the charging stations.  This is about EV auto manufacturers wising up and having one charging location on the front and one on the back of the vehicle.  Another reason why you would want that in the future is for cars to be able to charge each other versus having a mini portable charging station. Smart call for Tesla.  Great information! Thank you!
Great video and some proof as to how shortsighted the design is, though likely for cost savings as others have said. I wonder where the charge port on the CyberTruck will be, and if that'll pose an issue.
Sell cable extensions - profit.
How did all these people just pull up 😂
Longer cables Solved!
Why did they not make the cord longer. Similar to the way gas pumps are. They can stretch far and retract back. Outside of charging. I think a big issue will be the cost of the replacement battery. Unless they have a free lifetime warranty on the battery replacement.
it's mostly a YOU problem... or more acurately a manufaturer being fancy with their charge port placement  problem
I'm amazed they did not put longer cords on the chargers. It just may be an oversight by the engineers. Sometimes the simple things escape the complex brain. Hopefully Tesla gets feedback about need for longer cables because it does seem that this is a good start to sharing the charging network.
This is cool but we need more superchargers to even out the on Tesla EVs taking up the chargers
Wonder if you could buy an approved handy extension?
Thanks for the upload. Good info too.  But why is this F150 guy b*thing from the start instead of be happy he can charge? The connector was in, but right from the start, he begins crying. Why are so many big child's so complaining  instead of being thankfully more chargers are now available for EV users? I would be thankfully.
At least Tesla is bagging some extra money from these
Not possible to charge nonteslas if it’s full of teslas and one spots gets available and you got a Rivian for instance.
Idea... tesla should dedicate one or two stations to non teslas.. and have an xtensjon cable
Ah the irony of a black person owning a vehicle built using slave labor. What a world we live in.
@mkbhd the Tesla app "defaulted to Africa just now" because that is what is called Null Island, also known as 0, 0 in coordinates. It is where the prime meridian and the equator intersect, and from a software engineer's perspective, this would be the default place you would point to when a device's location is not yet available.
From what I read, in Europe, where Tesla has already opened their network, they are installing longer cables
wait wow, i didnt know u actually had to pay for the electricity. Its not much, but it adds up...
Tesla, reliable charging network? Are you high? The network like the company is in total chaos. Rivians network also has MANY issues. The one thing they all are having issues with including tesla is that they make the stations using very cheap materials that are not made for heavy use load and they constantly need replacing. Tesla has this issue at its factory in Fremont
Honestly I'm anti ev till cold weather and warm weather are equal. Towing needs to improve also the lighting flopped in that category.
Just re-draw the parking lines in the lot. But I agree, the cable is kind of short.
This was so tastefully laid back and wholesome with the other ev owners participating. I felt as close to Marques in terms of acquaintance as I could possibly feel even though I'm watching a video.  Good stuff. 👏🏾
IMAGINE IF THE CARS had their own cables .... that could reach the outlet
State of Charge will be glad he bumped into you while making this video. As of now, 5 March 2023, you exposed the channel to over 1.3 million viewers within just 3 days. Edit: I checked out State of Charge channel right after watching this video. It currently got 60.7K subscribers. Watch how fast it will grows after this encounter
Would it be possible to create extension cables to allow left-side charging vehicles to use right-side charging kiosks ?  Could even sell or rent at the charging site -- dispense at selling price, refund difference if & when returned.
30 dollar for how much miles?
You may think I'm just sour graping because I can't afford an EV but truth is I don't like EVs. I like mechanical cars and love the sound of engines. Though I have never been inside an EV I have driven a hybrid Prius at my delivery job for 4 years and I didn't like how it lacks muscle and sound so fragile even when accelerating. I even sometimes use my own old car rather than that artificial car when I deliver stuff to places with bad roads.
Marques getting friends outside of the usually cellphone tech is a breath of fresh air. That’s nice.
shouldve bought a v8.
I'll bet if a Tesla drove up and saw a non-Tesla charging he's probably let you know that "Teslas have priority" or some bullshit like that! Assuming that all the other stalls are full of other Teslas :).
All v3 superchargers in Europe have CCS plugs. The location of charge ports on BEV's needs to be standardised, I'm sure the EU will get around to it at some point.
Lol EVs are a scam.  The promotion of them is designed to destroy the grid for the little guy, while the lords and masters will run their entire homes off natural gas.
EVs are junk status. You gotta sit in the cold or heat for 20 to 40 mins to recharge while you die from the elements. Then what do you do when the power company says the power grid is overloaded and demands to unplug during the summer? Sit and wait for everyone to move to plug in? What happens when the station is full of people? You wait 10 to 20 mins watching someone else charge then you gotta wait to 10 to 20 mins, now it takes you 20 to 50 mins to drive 200 miles and you spend $30 dollars? What? Whoever buys these are retards lol
They need the Costco style extra long hoses
MKB Awesome video on how it works and nice to see different vehicles being driven by different cars & trucks . I really enjoyed because it is getting larger among people who own EVs.Nicely done guys.Also Nice Color for the Rivian.
Easy solution, Have your own separate cable which have more length and can connect both Charging cable with Car charging port.
The F150 lightning has a port under the damn driver side mirror.   It is.   Stupid.  I rented one last week and it was horrible to find a cable long enough to reach!  Edit.   Holy shit!  Just got to the point where the F-150 pulled in. Exactly!
Aptera is the ONLY EV i would even entertain at this point
f150 dude is such a lil bitch lol
Everytime I see one of these EV charging reviews its just makes me love my FF vehicles even more! God I love the oil industry
Great video
charge port at the front is the most stupid design.  If you hit the car at the front, you are fucked.
Very informative video for those that might be interested in EVs.
State of Charge's videos got recommend right after this one. Nice
That's fine. I see this stage of EVs and charging as the Ford Model T when cars started being built, and people were learning how to adopt them instead of horses. Baby steps! We are only in the beginning, and little by little, things will improve, and these stories and videos will become "unbelievable historic facts" to later generations :)  Great video, Marques. Now I need to look you up. I heard your name before, but not sure from where ...
Why not just use 1A and not block two spots? They have been open in europe for a while now and it's rarely an issue with different evs.
@AutoFocus @mkbhd What phone is that on your hands ? the one with the map
This whole electric cars push reminds me of the day when we HAD to stop using paper bags because it was killing all the trees. So we switched to plastic to save the environment, and now the push is back to we have to use paper bags because plastic is ruining the environment.  I mean honestly, this is all ridiculous, being pushed by big money.
Very helpful video for anyone considering going EV.  I learned a lot just from this one experience.
Easy solution from Tesla's side, Extend the cable length. I don't think it's that hard to double the cable size with the same base and minor modifications. It will end up being easy for 80% of EVs.
Here’s my question, we barely have the infrastructure for everyone running their AC at the same time in the summer, and we have rolling blackouts. How’s this gonna work when we also have 100 million cars to charge eventually? This will never work on the scale the government is suggesting. Also side question, where are all these hundreds of millions of battery’s gonna go when they go bad? In the ground?
The quickest solution to this charging issue would be to extend the charging cable.
Forget the white lines and be happy !
Try this in San Luis Obispo CA on a Sunday night
So you have to drive out of your way, using more fossil fuel so you can fiddle with an app to pay .49 cents kWh No thanks.  Get one if you want but don’t force it on the rest of us.
if mean longer cables or double cables like costco with extra long fuel pumps seems like an easy fix
Wow, that rare occasion where I am using the same phone as Marques, the S23 Ultra. 😅
Not a great option for us Tesla owners.
I don't even own an EV, but I watched the entire video.  Interesting.
You never pull a high amperage power chords on sharp turns it can easily overheat and burn the insulation through I have seen it happen in hot weather in industry. This chords are pumping 100-150 Amps
I don't own a electric vehicle but they should re-design the charger station with a retractable roller wheel/drum like a garden hose or air hose that holds at least 10ft of cable.
If they can figure out the little details such as short cables, the parking situation and we can figure out our power grid so it doesn't crash or brown out due to all electric vehicles. This would be a decent solution for electric vehicles.
What did he Introduce himself as? Kibishi?
30 minutes for less then full charge is crazy to me. Who has that kind of time?
I think the problem is not the short cable, but the parking bollard that didn't let the truck move forward.   But yes, for a car that has the charging port in the opposite side from Teslas, the cable is too short.
Last time I got diesel in our states capital at Walmart they had charging stations. I don't know if it was Tesla Universal but they did have them there.
Here's an idea,  sell like a 4 feet extension cable that you keep in the car.
1:35 That’s Tesla’s new racial recognition feature that defaults to your home country
Roll it out to a few… see if it’s worth optimizing NEW charging stations with non-Tesla owners in mind. That’s my guess
Maybe buy a Tesla 🤣
I think I'll keep my gas truck. This is one of the big issues with EV's, unless you drive a Tesla.
It should be mentioned that this happened after the government started offering money to companies that open their chargers to all cars, thanks to the new infrastructure law. Frankly, this omission is disappointing.
Or as stated before by someone, a standard needs to be implemented on ALL EVs.  All charge ports on the same side, close to the end of the vehicle so cables aren't stressed heavily.  I don't see why there is this back and forth battle with companies using different  style chargers, place the port where ever you want, etc.  Almost everything uses a standardization, make EVs a standard, because etiquette will not be around.
how not exciting charging an EV...yawn
The samsung Tesla fanboy ultra pro max
1st of all, "What is Marques doing driving a Rivian😉?" I think as the situations that may occur with Electric Vehicle Charging, innovative solutions will evolve in the years to come. Of course Marques can drive whatever he wants 👍🏽😀.
That’s why they put extra spot between charges so u can park there ,normally the spot is not there …
Wow ,thank to Mr Elon ,u just won a lottery…
You went from 30 to 85%. What would that 55% give you in usable miles?
ugh. 49 cents a kilowatt
I think it’s great but they should only enable 1 or 2 spots at superchargers, ideally ones like the side one the lucid used.
EVs 🎠
The tesla app is a bit racist defaulting to Africa 😅
So would a simple “making all the charging cables longer” fix all this?
Interesting video. With a gas car you would have filled up and been away in less than the time of the video and wouldn't have had to drive miles to charge up. Chacun son goût.
Maybe if they put the chargers in the middle of the charging area, so that cars can part on either side of the charger, like you can when you drive into a petrol station, depending on which side of your car your petrol cap is located, perhaps that could work. Though it would mean the possibly the requiring of Tesla and other charges paying for more real estate. Actually, that raises another question. Who pays for the land that the chargers are on? Because if the various governments are serious about improving infrastructure then perhaps they should be paying for some land for them.
Why don’t they set them up like a gas station? Where you have rows or chargers that the cars pull into and it doesn’t matter if your facing forward or back. However you are pulled in won’t effect other vehicles. Assuming electric is the future and gasoline is in the way out why don’t the gas stations start including electricity in some of their stalls?
Dumb question, what's the downside of making the cables 3-4 ft longer? (outside of cost obv)
I may never own one of these but yet Watched this entire vid and enjoyed 😂. But maybe the other manufacturers can make an add-on adapter for their vehicles for this!
Why do the Rivian door handles stick out like that?
These chargers should be placed in the middle of each parking spot woth enough cable to wrap around either side of the car.
Google map defaulted to Africa 💀
angled parking spots so both charging ports are accessible in the same space
Still seems incredibly inconvenient,  I don't have 30 minutes to spend doing nothing twice a week. If the media wants to pretend that this is the future, it needs to be a 5 minute process.
Cold and fan running
This is why I'm glad that when my Aptera arrives, it will have the NACS (Tesla connector) and the charge port will be located behind the license plate. I'll be able to back into the spot just like a Tesla.
I’m Kb HD
In simple terms, we are not there yet...unless you can charge the same "rate" as a typical gas station...we are not there.
Hmmmmmmm seems super inconvenient. How many lightnings are gonna love tap the superchargers trying to get close enough
Marc brownie
so by retrofitting a few chargers across their system, tesla can now charge a 30% premium on electricity for the guarantee your car will be charged. i guess thats how you control a market
Interesting..  Nice Video
Every petrol nozzle is the same.
Here because of the pod! 😂 dope vid! ⚡️
This is great for Tesla great for EVs bad for Tesla owners.
Bro this video was very needed. Thank you 🙏🏿
Unbelievable that it took Tesla so long to maximize the profit possibility of their chargers.
$30 for a 30 to 80 charge 🤔 😅
Do they sell extensions?
It may be more expensive but they are gonna have to make the cables longer for this to work.
Video could have been HD if the Rivian was charged to 100% and @stateofcharge should have been tagged in the video
Living in NJ you should be in great shape there are Tesla chargers are at most WAWA ‘s
longer cables or standardize charge port location or multiple ports on a car
Default Africa is Lat: 0 Lon: 0 For google maps ;)
so I pressume Tesla will now be forced to retrofit ALL their superchargers with a longer cable to accommodate non Tesla vehicles or face backlash ?
30$ for a charge session. That is steep.  I’m owning an early TMX with included free charging at Tesla SC. My last road trip I charged 4 times,  pulled 148 KWh with an estimated cost of $30. Maybe non Tesla cars is charged more than Tesla Cars while charging at TSC.   Btw, this summer we drove from Norway to Spain and back. Charging free at TSC. Amazing experience 😊
EV chargers should be drive-thru just like gas pumps. Would fix the issue here, and would also fix the parking problem for people charging an EV with a trailer attached.
Or... You can get a Tesla 😂
1:58 S23 Ultra?
@ $.49 per kWh, averaging 3 miles per kWh is equivalent to paying $5 gallon for a car that could get 30 MPGs. There could never be a break even point for EVs that are significantly more expensive than regular cars or hybrid vehicles. It's not worth it if you need to rely on public charging. For commuters plugging in @ home for much much cheaper, I could understand how it makes sense.
how about they retrofit the cable too? can't be that hard right? RIGHT?!
I think it is a mistake, I would have only 1 stall dedicated to non Tesla cars due to the random charging port location on different brands.
Simple solution:-  All next gen EVs will have their plug-in location "A-La-Tesla"  for easy access to the best charge system. It's a minor mod to the vehicle that minimizes 'range anxiety' on non-Teslas.
Charging station development and rollout is going to be crazy fast over the next 5 years. (Curiosity of the "Build Back Better" bill)   Lots of progress for EV adoption.
Dang that Ford F-150 is gigantic. Eventually American cars will be so big people will start living in them as houses.     Lol just kidding that's already happening due to the totally unrelated housing crisis (definitely nothing to do with car-dependent suburban sprawl for sure).
It seems to me the problem is still on Tesla's side.  The problem is similar to that of a Mac versus a PC or even an iPhone and a Android. Android has the largest market share in the smart phone market and they used typical micro USB's or even the USB-C. Apple on the other hand wanted to use the lightning adapter. The problem was, the USB and USB-C were faster, charged better and were compatible with everything, with the Apple could optimize its ecosystem around their connector.  But while the Lightning had shortcomings, it also made all those Apple spin off products exclusive to their ecosystem. Well, Apple was eventually forced to come over for consumers sake.  This is what Tesla will need to do. The Tesla connector is already at its peak. It cannot handle the higher voltages which Porsche and Hyundai use, and even some other automakers are eyeing for the future. They will need longer cords, and to use the CCS standard which apparently can handle over a thousand KWH transfer rate. Even the Tesla truck uses CCS.  If they made this change, Porsche, Ford, and other car companies can then just download a plug in that would allow them to take advantage of the plug and play of Tesla super chargers as they already can communicate with Electrify America. Its actually a decent business case.
Very inconsiderate of that Lucid to take up two spaces.  If you can't reach, you need to go to a non-Tesla charger.  You can think about your poor purchase decision while getting there🤣
What we need is about a million more of these for both cars. Also a longer cord.
I really appreciate these types of videos about the infrastructure. I owned a Zero DSR with ChargeTank motorcycle and used Tesla Destination chargers where I could by using a Tesla Tap. I sold my EV bike after a few years and thousands of miles because the infrastructure is just too immature and went to a Ducati Multistrada V4S. And I live in the SF Bay Area! I'm not aware of anyone else who purchased an EV motorcycle and went back to ICE. I had never considered that the LOCATION of four-wheel EV charging ports would also come into play and am thankful for this video to highlight how the best charging network in the world; the Tesla system is so well thought out for Teslas.
Ford, Chevy, Lucid, Cadillac all these American auto makers should've looked at Tesla as a template, and adopt an American standard charge port location!  It's incredibly frustrating they didn't have the foresight to see the potential benefit. And also forcing customers to back out into live traffic lanes in an awful experience.
get an extend cable?
I will never buy an electric car over my dead body fuck these liberals
Always a great presentation...nyc subway traveller, I watched for the knowledge even though I don't drive ☺
Baba go and marry leave car alone ah ah Mrwhosetheboss don marry
Please forward your findings to the dept of transportation.  They need to hear about all the bugs in electric charging.
This literally makes me not want to buy even a Tesla at this point. The only real reason to get one over others was the reliability and exclusivity of the network. Now that is gone, I don’t see how this will bring more people to the EV space. People who may purchase EVs because of Tesla “opening up their network” should beware because if their overall profits diminish due to people not buying their cars, I think they will go back to being exclusive. So don’t go out and buy a new EV if you don’t already have one!
In Norway they opened up a few chargers first, but within a year most all Superchargers are open to all brands. Including some of the very busiest spots. Recently they've been offering some of the cheapest pricing as well.
Petrol pumps have long hoses for all sorts of vehicles left and right side fueling. Longer charging cables are a must for the same scenario to support the greater charging network. Tesla wins too expanding their charging network.
Charging port doors should fold down, or slide left/right not to interfere with the cable, granting better access to the port.
MARQUES when are you getting MARRIED?❤🎉
Not sure I understand the Tesla vs non-Tesla parking spot issue. The Tesla would preferably back into the left parking spot and a Rivian would preferably pull in forward into the right parking spot. When the Tesla finishes charging on the left the Rivian could start immediately after.  If a Tesla can charge from the right parking spot then a Rivian should be able to charge from the left. And the same scenario is true. Once the first car finishes the second can immediately begin.   If the charging cable isn’t long enough for a Tesla to charge from the right spot then that spot would typically be unoccupied. A tesla driver could end up stuck on the right side if the chargers are busy.   So having a Tesla and Rivian side-by-side seems more efficient. Am I missing something?
I mean Ford design…. Yes let’s  have the door swing forward instead of back
Great video, for a non EV owner it was educational on what the future holds. Good Job!!
What did you say the charging cost was? $30??
What else you gonna do sitting around for a flipping hour but make YouTube videos pretending this is okay and you must not have ANYTHING IMPORTANT TO DO ALL DAY
Defaulted to Africa. Racist!
PLZ ANSWER does anyone know if a Tesla supercharger is free to use?
some one should make an extension for non teslas that plug to car then to charger cable...? giving you that extra  length needed .☺☺🤣🤣
Remember when cars had gas caps right in the middle rear of the car?
could non-tesla people just get extension cables so they can park like teslas?
I suspect Tesla owners won’t like this.
Do they make an extension cord?
In some european countries the Tesla superchargers already have been opened for non-Tesla's some months ago. But the Tesla chargers already have the CCS as standard. The Tesla's cars in Europe also use CCS. So there was no need to ad an adapter on the tesla chargers to open it for non-teslas.
It's called EV tetris
I’d be embarrassed if I had to charge my non tesla ev at a Tesla supercharger.
Tesla needs to open ALL THE CHARGERS UP to non Tesla EV’s.  If Tesla’s can use public chargers, than the public should be able to use Tesla chargers.  The fact that the public can’t doesn’t put Elon Musk in a very good light, especially when you consider that Tesla doesn’t own the land that the vast majority of their chargers are located at.
Never been more happy to have a prius prime. I got 35 miles of plug in range then gas engine kicks in LOL awesome for running local errands and going to work 10 Miles away.
Tesla is just an energy company that makes cars as a side biz. I've said this before. This justifies Tesla's high value . As more things go electric Tesla will become more valuable
"hopefully people are nice about it." yeah not a chance in socal haha
The fact Tesla can do this but a company like electrify America can't despite it being their main business is sad
Good stuff! My Lightning would definitely take up 2 spots? Hope the cable length will reach!
Even Elon himself said we don't have the electrical capacity or grid infrastructure to go full electrical transportation. At least 50yrs from that kinda capability
NO THANKS.  All kinds of dead EV cars sitting by the road after Florida storm.
Its interesting that you can fast-charge a non-tesla but some teslas can't fast-charge
Perfect example why this needs to be standardized.
Does not most EVs have extension cable anway?
I know this is for the sake of a review piece, but jeez.  As much press as you’ve given electric cars and tech I feel like you should be able to charge any electric car you want at any station.  Just you, MKBHD.  You earned it.
I will never buy an electric, hybrid, natural gas, propane nor hydrogen. I'll take a gas guzzling pickup truck over an electric car.
This is so not practical. Wait 30+ minutes to charge a battery while diesel or petrol your tank is full in only 2-3 minutes. I'll take a diesel engine that belches black smoke. It is no where near to clean up the planet. White lie and a gimmick. Nothing but six figure price tag for all these fables.
What if instead of having to wait half an hour to charge your vehicle it was instead on rails constantly supplying it with power, like a train or something.
As long as i need to wait 30+ Minutes i wont get a EV... and dont u tell me " BUT U CAN GO DO SOMETHING ELSE"... in his App it said 1$ per Minute Idle... so if i go shopping and come back after life 30minutes (after im done charging) i got to pay 30$ + all the Kw i charged.. its such a bullshit alltogether. I will stay with my Gas Car als long as i can
"I don't know why it defaulted to Africa." Hahaha
2 inch matters
Did you happen to notice all the cars going by behind yoy?  THE RUN ON GAS!  There are gas stations EVERYWHERE!  Takes five minutes. Duh.
"Hopefully people are nice about it."  You've met people right?
They just open a non Tesla charging spot in Norwalk Cali , it’s blue idk if color matters ? It looks cool
EV are very stupid
It's crazy to think that Marques lives so close to me. You're like a person in the world. Weird man.
Markeys brownie
$30?!? damn thats the same as filling up a gas tank in a car. tho gas in f150 would be like 50-75 to fill it up
"I don't think so Markeyz"😂
each vehicle may have to have a special extension
😳 $30 doesn't seem cheap for roughly half a charge...
Kinda like gasoline and diesel... except different
They need way more charging stations... Imagine when 20% more people buy Teslas and you only have 6 charging spots..it will be a nightmare to charge
some kinks to work out. This will end up as only a good thing for all EVs and of course more money in teslas pocket
Awesome to see support for other youtubers.
whats the difference in KMS would a full fuel tank VS a full charged electric car be?
So just as much and 25 minutes longer than filling a gas vehicle.😂
As a Tesla owner, I don't like this..
extension cables?
Crazy spending $30 to go maybe 200 miles and waiting 30 minutes. Never going electric staying good old gas.
another great video/on the fence about buying a Electric vehicle
I honestly think that Ford driver would have no problem with the charging door. It’s in the wrong spot should be facing rearward
They definitely need 15’ or more CCS cables. That’s absolutely a wild oversight
Love the shout out! Super cool seeing you make a friend in the street. I think it shows people that you can be nice to people around you
30$? Why not just stick to gas cars at this point?
This is very encouraging for non-Tesla owners! The "magic dock" is a good step forward, but the cable length issue is still a problem. Frankly… I think Tesla would do better to simply SELL the CCS2 adapters from its shop rather than try to retrofit its Superchargers with them. Then non-Tesla owners could buy their own and use any Supercharger after setting up an account.
Wow, interesting. Thank you. This really helps
How come MKHD is so famous yet still be so humble and wholesome? Keep being real Mister.
Hi there my name is Marvin and wanted to ask if you would do a review of other ovens not just Smart. I'm a bit of a kitchen geek as well and pride myself on finding the best of things and waiting for a great sale on it. My countertop oven is a Delonghi True European Convection oven and I have to say it does everything well except broil as it has a dark nonstick interior. It has Smart programs for things like frozen pizza with no preheat and cookies, also has an app with more recipes as well. But I rarely hear about it from reviewers except once on America's Test Kitchen. One more thing is it also has a double-paned glass door that stays cool to the touch 😎  it is another option no one seems to have on their radar, which is strange as it also has an element around the Convection fan. In any case I love your detailed scientific methods and explanations. Thank you for what you do.
Found your content through StateOfCharge just now actually. This works both ways.
Markiss
MKBHD really did put in effort to avoid capturing other cars on the road 👍🏾!
But teslas have a port on both sides . Don’t they ?
opening up superchargers is the worst idea ever .. it will be horrible
Available in Europe since 2022.
The difference between truck owners and EV owners is that EV owners are looking for a problem to support their sympathy farming habit, whereas truck owners are just getting shit done. The EV Truck thing baffles me.
It will go great until it blows up a non-Tesla battery and that’ll be the end of it.  The way the batteries chargers are set-up is a huge fail.
They could always put three extra feet of cable on the charging stations that accept non-teslas, and raise it up a foot and a half to compensate.
Audi's you can charge from either side.... I think more makers will start doing that... I also have a Tesla charger in my garage at home...I had a Model X before the Audi Etron they sell/make and adaptor now($200) that allows the Tesla charger to charge my now non tesla... They claim you can't use them at the super chargers...but this is great to know... Im in DC so I'm sure it will be a few around here somewhere...
LMMFAO 30 min to fill up? guess thats plenty of time to get a bug burger and cockroach milk before you have to get back to your pod.
Your first mistake was buying an EV
Awesome video on this reality for RV charging and it's such a huge problem. Tesla pretty much owns and did a better job standardizing charging for their cars. After watching this video, it seems like other EV manufacturers need redesign where they put their charge port. For the non-Tesla EVs, what's the point of having it if the charging network stinks.
Basically, Tesla screwed up by not making their cables long enough.  Proper design would be to center the charger on the parking spot with a long enough cable to reach either side, about than midway down the car.  Just as Costco does with their stations with a hose that can reach either side of your car regardless of where you park.
How many miles can you drive on that $30 charge?
To solve the parking issue non tesla owners could purchase a CCS extension cable. There seems to be some for about a $100, I know that's another expense but It could solve the parking issue. Although I don't know if there would be a compatibility issue with Tesla chargers.
Can the rest of you guys that do the Non-Tesla charging please emphasize NOT to take up 2 spots like he talked about? With his port location, he should have pulled up to the very last charger on the right or the first on the left. I realize this one is empty right now, but you never know when people will pull up to charge.
i love the illustration, but  i notice something  that has nothing to do with electric cars or trucks and this is the fact that i never heard the word (LIKE )not once in in the whole video. IT IS  SOOOOO REFRESHING TO HEAR A BROTHA'S  ARTICULATION WITHOUT A SWING UP AT THE END OF EVERY SENTENCE AND THE AGGRAVATION OF HEARING THE WORD () AFTER EVERY OTHER WORD IN A STATEMENT. I can actually take the conversation serious, oh yea this vid may have 2 or 3 likes stated but hard to find, and oh yea other vids may have swing ups, and the words like, but  YOU a well spoken man YOU are a refreshing representation of spoken ART and articulation . for some one that speaks well, you can almost listen to them speak about absolutely nothing just to hear and enjoy spoken illustration, articulation, and have an education about what ever the subject spoken of. my art of words is uneducated this makes me want to do better. And you Sir deserve every good thing coming to you and good abondance . blessings on your life
I keep hearing about how Tesla chargers are more reliable.  They're better maintained and more likely to work.  Tesla could make billions if they push the rollout of chargers.
$30 seems kinda high. Am I wrong ?
Do you know why I NEVER have to worry about what electric charger I am using on my EVs?  I have 2 Toyota Prius vehicles.  One is the Hybrid and only needs gas.  The other is the Prime plug-in.  Guess what? That one can be plugged into any regular outlet, if you want!  However, you don't have to even plug that one in! It will still go!
The map didn't default to Africa to mess with you it just didn't know where you were yet, so it went to 0,0. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island
You always do a great job!
It's high time that the 'other' EV manufacturers realize that the car is just part of the experience and start collaborating on creating a better charging infrastructure.  They seem to think they can rely on the old business model where fuel is provided by some self-interested 3rd party - namely the oil and gas companies.
If the door on his chage port went back flush against the care it would be much easier for him to plug in.
Nice to see the first world problem's.  In a few years all this things they solved.
I can see arguments happening.
Looks like a fun community. I’m going electric
Is there a possibility to carry around an extension cord for these situations?
you guys clearly aren't gamers, gotta have to pay for the extension cable DLC obviously
they could totally incorporate a retractable charger cord with 10 to 15 feet of length
$30 seems very pricey for 50% charge
Someone will make an extension cord I’m sure
Exciting that the charging network is expanding like this, maybe they could create an extension cable for non-Teslas that you could purchase which allows you to back in.
Is that iPhone audio?
Sooooooooo GLAD I drive a gasoline powered SUV.  I’m in and out of a gas station in 5 minutes. 😂😂😂😂😂😂👍👍👍👍👍
hahaha....30 minutes...$30....80%.   Garbage.
Mandam in the black truck saying it's a problem as if Tesla is to blame 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Are there no extension cables to buy?
30$ is a lot though , for the range and the wait time... Doesnt make me one buy an electric car
This video should have been....."i tried using  a tesla supercharger with rivian and voila it worked!!"...haha...max 1 min  video
Ford owners will park sideways and take 3 spots :)
At least Tesla is trying to help fix the lack of Reliable fast charging. This is just the start and i am sure they will work out the stall spacing issues eventually. I own both an R1T and a Model Y and plan to be courteous to both Tesla and non Tesla cars while charging.
Cracking explanation of the horrible reality of all the apps, connectors, settings and interactions added to the complexity of parking/working out how to park.  What about those that can't reverse park- properly?  I just can't imagine anyone over 50 working this out and not blocking and messing up the whole experience.  Can you imagine a true consistent "etiquette" on a Friday night in particular?  Great video, horrible experience.  Try this in high heels in the rain with new false nails for your night out? (not you, obviously).
V4 with longer cable will solve the issue.
It also BLOWS MY MIND that we are not making ALL chargers DIVE THROUGH type!!!   Towing, and lining up is awkward with parking bay charging! Drive through bays also solve the problem for left right charge ports.   Did we learn nothing from how service stations operate!
Interesting. In Australia our SC’s have 2 leads and the 2 different plugs. Not to mention our Tesla cars have the same type of port as your rivian.
Your phone defaulted to Africa because Tesla needs to sell here too, the Germans are already selling here
1:32 🧐
Why is this now in the news? Other cars could already charge at Tesla fast chargers for a VERY VERY long time here in the Netherlands. As a Tesla owner, i don't like it. :) I want them chargers for me and my tesla brothers only hahahaha
This is not convinient.  Thank God in Africa we won't have to deal with such in my lifetime.
8:39... You do know that EVERYONE at Tesla is loving this exact frame, right? A Model 3, F150 L, R1t and a Lucid... You got the perfect shot, please tell me you actually arrange for this to happen, Marques.!!! PLEASE.! . But yeah, left or right, NOT putting the charge port ON THE CORNER of the vehicle just doesnt make sense. LOOKING AT YOU, FORD.
I *hate* that every damned things is shifting over to requiring you using your phone to do everything, up to and including looking at the menu of a restaurant.
Nno tesla charging stations in africa.. he needs to travel to africa and see if he would invest there.. lol what a st*** statement  Then complaining about teslas not being full optimised for non tesla cars … seriously they didnt have to even open up for non tesla cars .. but you see they do such a good job of charging stations the governemt begged them…
It defaulted to Africa because that's gps coordinates 0,0
you'd better recharge your brain and forget about electric cars...
You're black and Tesla made Africa as default?  Seems kinda racist
The European Union 🇪🇺 has a mandate that all EV-charges must have the CCS-plug so here all the Tesla superchargers have that plug and all Teslas sold in the EU have the CCS charge-port. I just downloaded the Tesla app and saw that there were many superchargers available for non-Teslas here in Sweden 🇸🇪👍🏼 That’s amazing and a huge game changer for non-Tesla EV owners!!!
the importance of industry standards...
Simple fix. Extending the charger’s cables and adding a retractable cable system to the chargers. Similar to what home appliances have just a bigger scale.
is the price for the Tesla owner charging at the spot same as people who are not?
Oh god i am hating this already.
Why arent people selling extension CCS cable, like a usb a extension cable? Problem solved.
Interesting. Do you know if there are extension cables available? That would solve the parking/charging spot issue.
I really hope this is a joke and you guys are truly not that  obtuse.
If only we could make electric cables longer and mount them on some sort of rewinding spool …
What phone is that?
is he using the iphone microphone as well as the camera for this video? if so, it sounds incredible
Wow.....no issues with my hybrid getting gas.
I feel like the conventional gas station layout is going to be the way to go. Unfortunately that will cost a lot to restructure the parking lots and wastes a lot more space
This absolutely could lead to a sort of standardization for the placement of the charging port in future evs. I also wonder about the possibility of supercharger spots arranged in parallel, or more like gas stations.
Well, to me, this is proof that Tesla is not very thoughtful of others, or is just selfish... when it comes to their charger system.
This is something that Apple is known for doing, and is what i think Tesla is having a shot at...
"Extension cords" can't be far away...
Causally charging your car and a 100k+ lucid air pulls up
I love this new channel
maybe it will get worse? Oh my!  Or maybe it will get better?  Yes we'll see how it goes, but it will definitely go...
Tom Moloughney keeps saying not good for the cable and then just keep pulling to charge the f150 just for the sake of his video, doesn't matter to him if he breaks the cable. Idiots like him and many others are gonna ruin the supercharger for all Teslas forever
Glad to see Tom Moloughney in the video!!!
30 to 85% cost $30. What distance could you drive using the amount you gained? i.e. 55%.
👌🏼
I dont understand why they don't construct these like modern day gas stations. With covered facilities and aisles instead of parking spaces
Elon musk: extension cables for sale!
They should all be required to have a left rear charging location on their vehicle to not spoil tesla's gift to them.
Absolutely bummed Tesla seems content with not extending this to Canada. Got a giant Tesla supercharger 5min away but still have a Kia Soul EV because Teslas are still absurdly expensive in this country. Would have been nice to use their chargers but once again Canada gets forgotten by an American tech company. You like our money well enough but damn if we get any consideration at all.
Oh and it's super cool when 2 you tubers run into each other. Would love to be there to talk Evs with yall. Tom is a great guy.
Haha f150 sucks again 😂 2 inches is a big deal for some. 😂😂😂
That's cool can't wait to charge mine. You have a Rivian you can drive on the grass and pull up from behind 😂
Oh shit. You said it perfectly - etiquette. I’m a worried tesla owner now.
I can fill my 2010 awd v6 Rav4 fuel tank from 5%-100% for $35 in 3-4 minutes and get more range
.49 per kwh = 2.5 miles X 8 = $3.92 for 20 miles.  So no savings over fuel.  Engine mfrs are close to zero emissions.  They say by 2030, 3-4cyl engines will be able to clean the air making it much better for the environment than electric.  Unless your using solar, wind, there's no difference in oil dependence..........Soooo whats the benefit?
I assumed EV charging was cheap! Not so! 30 bucks for less than 200 miles of range is horrible. :(
My family owns a Chevy bolt, but we physically cannot leave our state because there aren’t enough chargers to get over the state line  This makes me super excited to know potentially soon, we won’t have to drive our old truck out of state anymore, we can stick with the car
Video looks oversaturated and oversharpened.
This is what happens when everyone is doing their own thing.  If there was a standard for charging this wouldn't be a problem.  All vehicles should have a standard charging port location regardless of manufacturer.  But smarter people than me couldn't see this coming.  I said before. We are not ready for electric vehicles, not yet.
So wait a minute here. So to charge 50% of your battery it cost you $30. That would imply a charge that would be closer to a full charge from almost 0% would cost roughly $60. I mean if you compare that to another truck that's cheaper than fueling up a gasoline truck, but the Rivian also can't do a majority of the things a regular gas truck can as well. So with the "fuel" cost being an only marginal savings is owning an EV even worth it anymore if you don't have a charger available at your house.
55% for $30? That would be close to $60 for a full charge from 0%.... Thats not even cheaper than gas currently lmao!
Looks like we gonna end up with a lot of broken Tesla chargers. This is definitely not looking any good... Now Tesla supercharger being shared hmmm... I don't think Tesla owners would like to wait in line for a charging spot while slowmo ev cars which don't even have an ability for fast charging will be there wasting everyone's time
Someone will make an extension cable
Since Tesla is adding adaptors, they need to swap to a longer cable to fix the double-parking issue.
Tesla just started installing V4 superchargers in Europe and they have longer cables!
why cant they just make the cord longer. lol
What phone is that??
I think the main problem here is that every car company puts their charge port in a different place. They should all be on the driver side back like most gasoline cars.
This was interesting, it will definitely be a problem in areas with a lot of EV’s, not something I bet a lot of people haven’t thought about yet. I follow Tom’s channel too, I’ll have to go watch his video about this!
Imagine some workers come out and told you don't do that. Tesla is only for Tesla vehicles and they ask you to pay for it if it's a none telsa car been charged.
You still have your pickup? I returned mine. The thing kept falling apart more and more.
I’m not a genius in design, but the way the Ford charging door opens doesn’t make any sense at all.
Tesla is currently coming out with their first V4 chargers in Europe, which have longer cables (and are naturally CCS 2, without an adaptor, because all new Teslas in Europe have a CCS 2 port).  The only thing that remains to be done then is to standardize charging port location.  Vehicles should be limited to back left (like Teslas) or front right, that way everybody parks to the left of the charger to juice up, and no vehicles are blocking anybody else from charging.
Cool to see soo many different types of ev's
Ev is a scam 😒
Rivian (RIVN) stock is tanking. Was over $50 per share in March 2022, closed today 3/3/23 under $17. Overhyped and under performing. Dump both the car and the stock.
Quick fix. Long extendable charging cables. Cables just too short for mix vehicles. At least make them long or hang from a top surface above your vehicle where there can easily be pulled down and swiveled left or right
Without noise and smell you got nothing keep your electric Joe Biden crap.
Great to witness the beautiful human interaction trying to figure that out lol
Car makers should design the ports up front. It's not a gas car anymore.
The map starting over Africa is probably about Null Island... 0°N 0°E
30$ for half battery for one hour charging .... well,  thats one more reason to NOT go EV. Full tank for 5 min, 50$, 1200 KM range .... thank you EVs, but NO!
dude kicked it there for 30 min and couldn’t even get a full charge????
Tesla has already announced they will increase the Cable length to accommodate vehicles with other charging locations
Yeah?? Defaulted to Africa??? YEAHHHHHHH racist ass app lmao
Dude Elon if you’re watching this…. CANCEL THIS NONSENSE PROGRAM NOW. HORRIBLE IDEA.
Why should I not be able to charge so you can take up two spaces and make your rivian a “better truck?” Why would I give a damn about that. Pay to play baby. My time is valuable and I’m not waiting twice as long so you can have your rivian cake and “eat it too” by not having to go to shitville electrify America.
30 bucks sounds expensive
Excepts it’s not simple and it doesn’t work because you JUST TOOK UP TWO SPOTS DUE TO AN INCOMPATIBLE CHARGER PORT LOCATION. You lost the right to use a Tesla supercharger when you showed up in a Non Tesla AND BOUGHT A NON TESLA. It’s just going to screw up everything and piss off tesla owners.
Y'all need short extension cords
Why are the non Tesla ports such turds? You can tell they were designed by committee instead of 3 cool people. They look like freaking toasters you have to shove In there because they had it designed by some moron stem intern who couldn’t figure out a 900amp continuous capable port like Tesla’s in a small package like Tesla’s.
$.49 per kilowatt hr? ROFL gas is cheaper. I’m paying $.17 at most in the Midwest.
Great video.        Reaffirmed my resolve to not go EV.
It cost $30 for 50% charge? I don't know how much that is in miles, but sounds like it's about the same price as gas.
If I get to a Tesla supercharger and there is not an open space, and there is a Chevy volt or a rivian which will be out of business soon, I’m going to piss my pants out of pure anger at Tesla. You want to buy second tier stuff then you stay at second tier chargers. Otherwise pay up for access to the best. Tesla making a big mistake with this bullsh*t
Short term fix - Longer cables….  Long term fix - wireless induction charging pads in each bay (as cars built in the future will support it) 👍🏻
When I charge my Model 3 there is always a line of 20 Tesla's waiting. Is this going to make that even worse?
And most of these problems could be solved if Tesla made the charging cable longer or sold an extension. But no they can't do that because that would be the smart thing to do! 🙄
So much effort. Not worth my time, I’ll stick to gasoline. Price of electricity going up, expensive electric vehicles for what? I drive my 4 cylinder 14k dollar car and fill it up every 3 to 4 weeks.
The new rules would be a
The only way I would ever be in the world without a
Terrible mileage
Such BS!
I'm 77 years old and I can predict that women will refuse to put up with the aggravation of figuring out mileage and plugging the ridiculous golf carts in to charge they will have to put chargers in every department store 😳🤔🤣
Why would anyone buy one. So redundant.  I won't ever own one.  I bet folks in really cold climates can only drive a few miles. Not to mention snow an ice. Just my opinion.  Planned Obsoleteness for sure.
Can’t you just back in? Or is the cable still not long enough?
Let's do a quick math here... 11:54 you charged it from 30% to 85% in half an hour for $30, EPA rating of R1T range is 314 miles, so you charged about 175 miles (being generous with the rounding here). My car averages 20 miles per gallon and national average of regular gas right now is $3.4/gal. So I can add the same amount of range for about the same $, but I do that in less than 1 minute and don't have to worry about parking or charger not working. What is the advantage of going electric in this situation?
50% of battery for 30 dollars? Dude that is expensive. And electricity was meant to be cheap! There must be an uprising against this shit! They rise the price artificially. There is no reason electricity has to be priced so high!
Cool!  Great explanation for both systems!
30 bucks and not a full charge??
The non tesla charge scan pole sure doesn't help, it should be replaced by a sticker in the charger IMHO or at least moved further away from the parking space to accommodate the vehicles with longer hoods or tails
My Prius fills from empty to full, 12 minutes regular gas Range 569 miles per tank, sometimes more. You can use the coal and natural gas from a power plant. I will stick with my super cheap reliable gasoline car.
Ok now
Seems Elon needs an alternative revenue source
Please use s23 ultra for one of your Auto-focus's video . Thanks . 🔥 Video . Stay BLESSED
恶臭
I’m not even joking but the graphics on this vid is 🔥
Something I think Rivian or other third partys can do is sell an extension that you keep in your car if you have a non Tesla car kind of like an extension cord when it comes to normal electricity
easy fix : make the cable bigger.
Lovehate for sure. As a tesla owner, I hate that (without further modification) non-'ideal' geometry will waste spots and reduce functionality. I love what this will do for ev adoption...give em a taste of how good it can be. ...but also once people start struggling with cables and adapters it's gonna be funky again.
Wait, why couldn't someone just find and buy an adapter and just use that at a charge station
Wait how do they charge for electric charging? Like what's the rate or average cost to fully fill a Tesla or other electric.
Loved the video! Excellent points, and I'm glad Tesla is slowing rolling this out and hopefully they add longer cables for any future ones or it's gonna be a though one.
Carry an EV car extension.
Tom from state of charge is the pro when it comes to ev charging. Nice . Good job guys stay warm
HAHAHAHAHAHA 1:34 that phone.
You had to drive from New Jersey to Brewster, NY just to charge your car?
EV charging can already be dicey at times, so this isn't going to go over well - as it is.  If Tesla retrofits longer charging cables that may solve the issue.
I have seen some EVs charging at my work. Luckily those cables do extend, but some of them still have to pull the cables around the fender or top of the car to plug them in. what I was worrying, although I don't own an EV, was those cables will rub against those cars and will scratch them if the wind is strong enough.
What Tesla was always REALLY setting up. THE charging network.
I heard hey what’s up guy Imkebisbi here…
easy enough to make an extension cord but the cooling issue 🤦🏼‍♀️
Junk!
Tesla, becomes an energy company.  needs to provide the nitrogen cooled cables for the non Tesla's that have a extendable like the fuel pump is at a fuel station.  this is a bit short sighted of Tesla to do a half assed job.
Electric is getting expensive
Nice issue Marques. Tesla could use larger diameter power cable to allow a longer reach, tho it will be stiffer. Leads me to wonder if Tesla really wants their offering to pan out. Rivian is a good choice imo (disclaimer: I own a few shares)
Would a simple retractable cord be a lower cost option where non Tesla cars can back in and be able to reach?
So how far out of your way did you have to Drive just to fill up?
Tesla's about to have a lot of broken cables
Pretty normal in Europe (the Netherlands at least)
I wonder what the radiation output is on EVs as they charge... and before folks come at me about non-ionizing radiation, that output is also biologically harmful as well (if folks keep up with Soviet research, which is generations beyond that of the West). DC current is biologically safer than AC, and for 300 years the research on the biological harms of radio emissions from AC current is damning. Not to mention lithium batteries reigniting weeks after self-combusting and almost being impossible to put out in the first place. This all looks like a literal ticking bomb; e-fields are real and biologically impactful. And I don't see Tesla or any other EV manufacturer using the precautionary principle, but then again I'm not sure that's a priority in the tech industry in general when it comes to the harms of biological tissue. Godspeed, and good luck.
The problem is, Tesla have used the parking lot model and optimised teslas. Where is they should’ve used the gas station model to optimise for the widest range of vehicles
In Cali charging already has a problem with crowding so this is only going to complicate things further.
This will allow Tesla access to federal manufacturing incentives. No other reason to do this. And they will not be everywhere.
This is why it's not gonna work... People are not gonna want to wait for a spot or wait 10 minutes to 1 hour to charge the vehicle
Seems like “hoses” or “cords” need to be about 6 - 8 feet longer.
Can't Tesla just put longer wires in?
Someone will have to adapt and I can tell you it ain't Tesla. I feel like a lot of car manufacturers are going to start putting the chargers in the front or the same side as a Tesla
this is gonna get messssssy when they all roll out. I have a bunch of Tesla super charging stations in my city and it's often full. I can't imagine how people are going to react when they have spaces but can't charge.
You could also have just pulled in and charged in 1A.
The F-150 needs to have their door open in the opposite direction or in an upward direction. The vehicles could also come with an extension cord. At least with the Rivenback it’s at the very front of the vehicle with no door flap in the way. The solution should not take Tesla too long to figure out it’s really just a matter of how long before they do something about it.
I wish these companies would stop making these proprietary charging ports, and come up with some standards, a USB of sorts for EVs, but, unfortunately, I think it will need to government regulation for that to happen.  I want EVs to be a runaway success, but Tesla and other companies keep getting in their own way.  This is a good start, though, on Tesla's part, but a lot needs to be done by them and everyone else in the industry.
Extension leads? Aren't they a thing?
I suspect this will lead to premium pricing soon. All Teslas will receive a discounted rate while non teslas will pay a premium. This will help keep the numbers of non teslas at the supercharger down and encourage people to buy Teslas for the cheaper charging
What if tesla just put a button on the actual charger to unlock the adapter?
The map defaulted to Africa because the intersection of the prime meridian and the equator (AKA 0º/0º) falls in the Atlantic Ocean a few miles south of Ghana. Source: I used to work on a mapping app, and if we didn't give a location to our mapping engine it defaulted to 0/0, so I'm very familiar with the way that looks. :)  They *should* default to your location, and I'm sure they eventually will. The fact that they don't right now reveals that the feature was released under time pressure. No big surprise for Tesla TBH.
Sweet Rivian.  Love the red it’s by far the best color
This is a bummer situation. As a tesla owner I have mixed emotions. I’m all for opening up the charging network to all because it’s the best and will improve the EV experience for others. But please do not forget that the tesla charging network was out first before the all these other cars were even available. Manufactures (Ford, Rivian, Licid, GM) all could have put their charge port in the same location as Tesla, they could have used Tesla standard connector, they could have reached out to Tesla and pitch in some money to extend the charging cables on superchargers…….  Tesla is not at fault here since they design for their product as any company would.
F that crap. Buy a gas car. Tesla sucks anyways.
By the way, in Germany Supercharger have already been available for non-Teslas for a long time.
Canada is not included in the pilot ??
We have had this for some time now in the EU. Same deal with charge ports located all over on different cars. And the SC cables are optimized for a Tesla. Even a Volvo XC 40  with the port on the same location as a Tesla, the cable is too short. And you see people pulling, jerking and whatnot to try and plug in. Not boding well for the lifetime of such cables.
Well duh- the Tesla chargers are so plentiful and theres never anyone rhere. Why you ask? Teslas have crazy range. Tesla must be losing a ST of money
To many issues for me having an EV, bought one last year, to much of an inconvenience since I like traveling and road-tripping, changed my EV for a 2021 BMW 430i gran coupe, wouldn’t be dealing with EV for many years to come.
God EV infrastructure is so awful.
I am so glad European chargers (non tesla) have longer cables to facilitate different brands along with legislated criteria for placement and cable length.
EV's are the biggest scam. Imagine everyone had an EV, now you wait 30min to charge your vehicle. Along with everyone else. What a great innovation. And let's not forget that EV charging stations will always break down as the chargers themselves are as complex as the EV vehicle you drive. Scam technology.
Tesla or the other car manufactures need to fix this immediately - longer cords, port relocation, changing the supercharge parking layout and only offering 1-2 to non-Tesla's, something. Tesla owners are going to get very pissed off when they pull up and non-Tesla's are taking up 2 spots a piece, depending on model.
So essentially they need to make the charger cables longer
As the new owner of a 2023 Tesla X Plaid, whose charging experience is as good as the vehicle itself. This isn't gonna be good for the Tesla Supercharger stations. As an advocate of EVs, I hope private & Fed govt will step in to build Superchargers across the land.
Very glad I charge at home 😅😂😂😂😂
That's a sexy galaxy ultra you got there marques!
✨Top 10 Anime Crossovers✨
I'm still not convinced about an electric vehicle. You spent energy looking for a charger,  taking risks that charger is working, and the amount of time charging. Plus what was spent money in charging I could had put in a gas car and get sooner and stop at any gas station.
Dude get to the point fast, ur constantly stalling and ya u know…
Can't people use a J1772 EV extension cord?
Idk what would possess someone to drive out their area of comfortability to make sure their vehicle is operational.🤔
JUNK
Why the hell did Ford have the flap open in the direction where it blocks the charging cable. Even on non-tesla chargers, the cable still has to come from the front. That's a total design fail.
great video
Holy f it is surreal you saying my hometown's name and even visiting it. I'm been watching you since the old days, way back, to your v-moda M-80 review. You deserve all the success you worked hard for, and I look forward to all you do.
sounds like its abut a time to start making extenders 🙂
The fact that an EV company hasn't snatched Marques up as a consultant is ASTONISHING! Maybe he's had offers?🤔
Charging pigtails, two-three feet in length?
I’ll stick with combustion engine vehicle. #HassleFree
I am curious if you could carry a charger extension cable with you to help in this sort of scenario. There is enough tech built-in to the chargers though that I would want to make sure only reputable manufacturers sold something like that. Random EV charger extensions off Amazon seems like it would be potentially dangerous :D
If extending the cables doesn't have much of an affect on charge delivery, it shouldn't be a problem. But, if it calls for a massive reconfiguration of charger, cabinets, buses, etc.: not good!
can you buy an extender? and park where you want 🤔
Enjoyed your video. Thanks.Still not sure about EV.Still to many ifs.
Where the plug is on your car.If you get into an accident where the plug is the car is useless how much to fix the plug?Why are there 2 classes of EV?Tesla\rich the others for everyday people? Always separating class.Why are car's being made like this?All cars today can have a little work done to make car's ethanol.
So, it costs $30 for 170 miles for 30 min? For that same amount a gas car with 30mpg can fill up for 250mi @$3.5/gallon in 3 minutes. This is not good for EV's
You could have solved the parking spot issue by using 1A!
I think they are testing the waters. If there is a lot of use, they'll likely expand the network.
Good to know. I like that they opened it up. They will at least make it easier if they locate them in areas along road trips that aren’t fully flushed out with having enough or any chargers on route.
Tesla has to put retractable cables to a certain length. Think of semis for example. What if they want to pull in there and top up at night before they can continue their journey. Retractable cables.
Gen 4 SC will sort it. with longer cables for sure
You have to wait 30 plus minutes to top off your battery. That kinda sucks compared to a gas station.
Home 🏡 charging is less than 39 Isn’t that expensive?
Rivian, Ioniq5 and EV6 charging side by side will only take 3 spots.
Yeah I’ll just continue pumping my gas for 2 minutes and take off.
As a Tesla owner I am not thrilled about this.  When I go on trips I often go to charging stations that are at 75% capacity with just Teslas.  And with preconditioning at a 250V I will charge @ 1000+MPH so I often only need to charge 15-20 minutes.  Other non Teslas will need to charge longer which will further increase congestion.  This is great for all EV owners other than Tesla.
selling CSC extension cords????
time to invest in nuclear power NOW.
1A might have been best since you know Tesla SC etiquette
Tesla is not a LUXURY car…
They can solve this problem by using longer cables (maybe 3-4 feet longer) or a some type of cable using a reel.
Now there is a market for charge cable extensions!  Easy, right?  Someone will do it, you can bet on that.  Heck, I'd make them but I don't have the necessary factory.  🙂
Interesting for sure. So mixed on Tesla opening up their network. Things are going to get clogged. So much to watch and figure out. I think the missing piece there was $30 for the charge. Seems like a lot just going from 30-85%. I think it is why I am still loving my hybrid at 40mpg. Not fully clean but just eliminates so much of this and about the same to fill to get about 450 miles. Maybe once the networks get ironed out it will be time to go electric.
At half the length of this video my gas car would be filled up.
It’s unfortunate the cables aren’t a little bit longer. I had a hard time reaching the plug on a road trip when I had a trailer hitch bike rack on my Tesla.
Extension cables!!!!
Until chargers are optimised, they should only allow cars with the charge port on the back left of the car
My car charges in 1 minute. The secret? I drive a dodge.
They did mention in the charging section of investor day that the newest charging hardware is starting to ship with longer cables because of this exact issue that you mentioned.
Yeah ok, well despite these issues that Tesla is well aware of, these non-Tesla owners should be grateful they even have access to the Tesla supercharger network
A longer cable can fix everything just like a longer ....
This changes everything for me when it comes to potentially getting an ev
Non Tesla charging has been available in the uk for a while now, you suggested that this is USA only which is clearly not correct
Come on, man, not you too: 6 Kwh delivered, not 6 Kw delivered :;
Tesla doing what it was originally perfect and destined for 😂
Never knew the public charging situation was honestly so bad until your videos started talking about it. Thank you for being honest and starting a conversation that it felt like none of the big tech press voices were having, at least not in straight-forward consumer language like you have laid it out so clearly and showed it in IRL with video proof.  I really though it was just Teslas fanboying, but no, Superchargers apparently just are that good, and yeah their concerns about opening up Supercharges with the cables being too short, and the "wrong parking space" situation, both of those concerns really were accurate.  Thanks for the video! I also did watch State of Charge's video, funny this collab happened basically by accident but it added to my understanding. Thank you both! Appreciate what you do.
The charging stations were stricly set up for Tesla. Lets not be too hard on Tesla. I am sure in the future as they see more non Tesla users using these charging station things will improve in the future. stop whinning be gratful.
Hold up… 30 to 85% and it cost $30..? Wut? So a full charge takes an hour and will run you $60?
I think they need to make spot for charging like  🚗🔌🚗 So you can charge  And make the wire little longer
It should be a lot longer with the ability to easily reach both sides of a vehicle. The fact that it isn't seems like a huge oversight.
What is the membership?
Damme! You live in a hole state (nj). It's surprising to see someone like you from NJ
$30!!! wtf
I don't get what Tesla gets out of this.
Will longer cables be the solution? Like gas stations?
Maybe it would’ve made more sense for charging stations to be designed like current fueling stations. That way there’s some flexibility of how people park to access the closest stall.
Defaulted to Africa (near Gulf of Guinea) because that's where Lat/Long 0.0/0.0 is and Tesla devs must not have set a default yet on that map view.
Great video as always. That guys beard is immaculate!
I can't lie, as a relatively new Tesla owner (Sep 2022) I don't look forward to this rolling out on a wide level. There is some level of comfort in knowing that I can always find reliable charging during a road trip in my tesla and the charging network was the #1 factor in me choosing a Tesla over some other EVs that I may have thought looked cooler that a tesla. Now when the app shows charging spots available but you pull up and a non-tesla is taking up two spots, I cam't lie I would be pissed if I'm in the middle of a road trip with the kiddos in the car and I have to wait because of this non-tesla taking up two spaces. To be clear, I'm not against non-tesla being able to use tesla charging stations, but I am against being inconvenienced because of it, especially when I chose a tesla strictly so that  I  would not be inconvenienced when charging during a road trip. They should have worked out the logistics of the experience better before rolling this out widely.
I guess most non-Tesla EV's have a charging cable  in the trunk so could you daisy chain it so you can be further away? Seems like a soluttion.
No Tesla owners want this. It’s like a bunch of Android phone users clogging up an Apple store.
Auto adapter seems needlessly complex/expensive. Why not just buy an adapter for Tesla chargers? I would rather pay for the convenience of more chargers. Good start though; more money for Elon, though some unhappy Tesla owners. Hope everyone plays nice :)
Why can’t you park in the first spot!
Would it have been better to have built the charging station in the middle of a parking lot? Vehicles can pull in on either side of the charging station which would probably solve this issue. I suppose the parking lot would need to be a bigger space.
Good video, the slow roll out is a wise thing, as you said they are testing the waters to see what it attracts and has brought in a variety of several makes of EV's, everyone knows they have the most reliable network in the country by far, the rest are that, just the rest and user experience has always been questionable to this day, in a Walmart here in Canada yesterday and someone pulled up to an Electrify Canada/ same as Electrify America and they were out of service and all i could hear was SOB still out of service, i can feel for these owners, they have to open the app and find one in service and hope there is no major line up to wait to charge, as for me i still drive an ICE vehicle for now, when i retire in some years , i will look at an  EV then , now i travel daily out of town to work and an ICE vehicle currently works best for me and its quite cheap on fuel, if i had an EV right now i would charge at home 99% of the time , I only pay 8.99 cents a kilowatt hour so its a no brainer, 👍
👍👍
Is he still using an iPhone 14 Pro for shooting his videos on this channel, or did he started using the new pixel?
Tesla should put a long retractable charging cable to make things work for every EV car.
awesome! ❤❤
Put the charging port on the other side of the car (or truck), Problem solved.  "They" should standardize this now., if that is the way it's going to be
0.5 per Kw, WHAT? That is what i call expansive
A longer cord would solve this issue.
Holy fuck, $0.39/Kwh. That's like 3 times what I pay at home.
$30 damn that’s probably same as gas prices and you can refuel a gas car in 1-2 min 😅
Don't know if I would have the kahunas to try this out on my own. Also I love wearing my mkbhd hoodie. It is life.
You made a very informative video.Thankyou Young Man !  If the world had more men like you, ,,,,,,
they need to be positioned to allow parking on both sides of the charger, problem solved.
What’s with the audio
Awesome video.  This begs the question of at what point is there regulation to standardize the location on the vehicle for the charging point.  Having the ports in all sorts of random locations on the vehicles creates a lot of problems for no clear benefit.  If every vehicle just had to have them in the middle of the front or middle of the rear, this would not be an issue at all.
With this retrofit they should make the cable longer to avoid this issue.
Defaulted to Africa bc that’s where coords (0.0, 0.0) are
imagine meeting THE marques brownlee irl and you pronounce his name wrong on camera 😭
Thirty bucks?? I don't know how much hald a tank of gas costs in NY these days, but that is not the trivial charging cost that EVs have been sold on.
Lol🤦‍♂️ 30-85% for 30$sounds about the same cost and probably range my 21 Tacoma gets. Sorry I’m not laughing at the creator. I don’t bash people that spend their money how they want. But this is a joke.  I’m laughing at the process cost and time of the entire package.  Sounds like one big expensive inconvenience.  I just hope people know they are being manipulated in to buying these electric cars. It’s all about control and keeping people tethered to an area and possibly locked down. If they wanted to, also why I strongly think COVID was just a world wide beta test. A just in case kind of thing.  If it takes 45- hour to charge your car and these things can be shut off with a flip of a switch. I’ll take my gas truck any day especially how things are going in this world
Yes, the parking etiquette and longer cables needs to happen, but since Tesla is now starting to open their charges to all EV's they are going to receive a bunch of money from the feds to build more charging stations. So in the long run it means more chargers for everyone.
Would be nice if there was a 10 ft ext-cord for an EV. Then you would not have to park in the stall next over
MOVE THE CHARGER TO THE MIDDLE OF THE PARKING SPOT AND PUT A LONGER CABLE - problem solving
This problem has already been solved at every gas station. Pull thru. If you ever want to tow with electrics this will have to be the case.
Didn't know that Rand Paul was a EV enthusiast!
come on, you should know when and how to use the terms kW and kWh.....
Not so much the point of this video, but the outcome made me think about the overall viability of EVs. He said at the end he got to about 80% charge for $30 so a full charge would've been around $40. When you combine the overall wait time for charging + price difference in gas for some areas in US + range of EVs vs hybrids or ICE cars, it did make me wonder about the actual cost-benefit in some parts of the US. Like in Cali it makes sense because of high gas prices and lower electricity costs but in New England or the Mid Atlantic where gas prices are lower and electricity prices are a little higher, I wonder if getting an EV ends up being more costly. Just food for thought I got from this video haha
An interesting problem to have. All recharging / refueling cables should be as long as Costco's. It's the best solution to making the question, 'which side is my [recharging] port?' irrelevant.
Cell connection will need to be great as well to unlock the charger.
@1:32 Null Island!!!
Great content 🙏🏼
I bet they prefer to retrofit the superchargers rather than sell an adapter separately, because now they can control where the non-Teslas can charge. If a supercharger station is already busy, than they can limit off brand cars from visiting and mucking up the experience even more.
1:35 the reason it "defaulted to Africa" is because it actually defaulted to the Null Island. It is the imaginary point on the Earth's surface that has coordinates 0°N 0°E, located on the coast of Africa. It is infamous among people working with geography-related software.
As a tesla owner, I'm happy with this and i support the idea AS LONG tesla fixes the cable length so we don't have non-teslas taking 2 spaces.
If they expand it, it will piss off Tesla Owners. Living in Phoenix AZ we have lines at our Superchargers already
can't you just make the cable longer?
that was a good move actually talking to people using it in real time
All this money you make on YouTube and you can’t maintain your hair ❤️
I see a market for extension cords.
Elon Musk, you evil genius 😂😂😂
We are going to need a world standard on EV charging ports location. They all need to be a standard distance from the hood and on the same side wherever that is decided to be.
10:52 I'm here with Markeys Brownlee😀
I don't understand why Tesla is doing this. Like I'm happy about it, but it seems like one of the best arguments people have for buying a Tesla over other EVs is the charging infrastructure. So why would they throw away their ace?
It was funny seeing you in the back of Tom's video so now watching from the other perspective. They also have the charging spot issue in the EU and the V4 Supercharger appears to solve the issue with a longer cable on a bigger station.
This is game changing. Tesla is off the chain. Dude, Tesla will make the changes to the infrastructure. Wow, it's off the chain.
Europe has had this for quite some time yet it's mostly irrelevant since there are many good charging networks around.
Good old ‘Markeese’ out here with the collabs 🤦🏻‍♂️
Regular rich people problem. Great video though.
Tesla have two ports to charge. one on the left side and one on the right side.
why you use pinch zoom in android? does the double tap slide not working in the Tesla app?
Can manufacturers provide extra long cables that can be  hooked up to work around the cable length and charger location issues?
So, I can pay half as much for a conventional gas car without a lithium battery mined by children in a third world country, go to a gas station that are about 5 miles apart, get 12.5 gallons for $37 and drive 400 miles and oil changes cost $.01 per mile. What’s the upside of electric cars?
Two of my favorite YouTubers in the same place.  Brewster is one of the newer chargers on that route.
Solving a problem and then making a new whole problem, better than nothing.
Omg what a cool experience running into someone trying to make the same video as you.
Definitely this has the potential for having fights on the charging points between Tesla and non-Tesla drivers
What someone could do is manufacture an extension cable for sale to owners who might have that problem.
Looks like the Tesla app starts at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island
Opportunity to sell charging cable extensions!
I just really dislike that I need to keep researching beforehand where chargers are around me. Until they're everywhere like gas stations, the charging experience will kind of suck. And then when they apply the social credit system like China does, which is 100% going to happen in the future worldwide, the experience will be even more miserable, just like Black Mirror already showed us.
When will Southern California get Tesla superchargers for non-teslas😅
So it cost you $30 to go from 30 to 85% capacity on a battery with a range of 250 miles?, lol
What a stupid design by Rivian to have a charging port in the front bumper.  If you get into a fender bender or a minor collision, say goodbye to charging that vehicle.  A normal car you would be able to drive it around until it's ready to be repaired.
Piece of shit would rather have an all gas car
You would probably have to carry CCS extension cable in the back to make this work.
What’s it cost to full charge the rivian and what’s the range? Estimating $60 from the cost you mentioned in the video. Trying to figure out if it’s worth it. It costs anywhere from $70-$150 to fill up my Suburban and I can usually get about 500mi out of a tank and the full time is just a few minutes
Just need Tesla to sell an extension cord,  but $30 for a charge is making an EV not as cost efficient as they market it to be.
The flap on the charging part of the F-150 was contributing the to the issue too.
A longee cable is all that is needed, that would solve the main problem of non Tesla charging.
🤣😂 100% a WASTE!!! $30!!! + wait, then the inconvenience of trying to plug-in. $30 on regular please.
Really cool of Marques giving the other YouTuber a shout, hope his channel gets the mkbhd bump
Huge problem!🤣 Let’s complain about the charger and not about the manufacturer of your electric car 🤦🏽‍♂️🤣🤣🤣
I don't think it would be reasonable to expect Tesla to rethink its supercharger stations because of non Tesla users. However non Tesla owners could simply buy an extension cable which simply gets connected to the super charger and perfectly reach car's charging port without bothering other users AND respecting Tesla's supercharger configuration setup. This solution is cheap and simple
Nice video for letting us know the problems that you Mai encountered with charging your non Tesla EV.
We have had in in Sweden for some months now and most of the time its no problem this far, and Tesla are installing more and more superchargers. But in the future I hope more carbrands than Tesla will install chargers too.
Even Costco has this figured out at their gas stations - just have a retractable cable that can go to the opposite corner of the vehicle when necessary. I’m sure Tesla will adapt before a wide rollout happens.
could we increase the length of the cable ?
will the opening of superchargers to non-tesla EVs make people buy more Teslas?
John runs a great website and youtube channel  just covering the charging experience
Nope. Hate it.  If you want to use the Tesla Super Charger network, should’ve bought a Tesla.   This isn’t going to end well.
These have been made for Tesla's. The supercharger network is the main reason why I got a Tessla at the first place. Hope they fix it soon so they all will be able to backup just like Tesla do. Otherwise, I may reconsider what my next EV will be.
Cool video catching 2 of the best EV youtubers!
Has anybody tried using a CCS extension cable yet?
And this has been the issue out west and in rural areas. EV's are great for those in metro areas and only need limited mileage. Just wondering if you live in a massive apartment complex or condo in a large city how do you charge your vehicle? Who pays for the charging stations? I don't even want to add to my house considering I move every 2-3 years. Will be great in 20 years when I can move into a house that someone else has incurred to cost.
30bucks😮
So Tesla charges more for a full charge, than I pay for a full tank of gas. What's the point?
Put an extension cable on those pull up charging spots. It’s already on the left. And with extra cable length on those, they can pull all the way in and won’t have the tail out. Maybe even make those the designated non Tesla chargers….however I wouldn’t mind seeing some Tesla vs Non Tesla fights at the chargers🤷🏾‍♂️😂
Trash vehicles wanna go to the next town yeah BRB gotta charge up for 45 min
sad day for Tesla owners
How much range did that amount of charge give you. Inquiring minds want to know.
This played like an ad for Tesla stock. "Tesla, the Benchmark in EV infrastructure efficiency, ease of use and convenience. Other EVs can be clunky, expensive and unreliable to charge. Not Tesla's."
9:33 He didn’t even say please or thanks you showed all the etiquette, and he was just rude… “toom”  looked like he was there to complain and not have you there helping him out… He had a multi million dollar man CEO of a very popular film production company helping and all he did is hold this for me and take it back…😂😂🤣
Is there a map of the already modified chargers?
So the conclusion: don't buy Ford XD
Nice ❤🎉
From 30% to 85% it costs 30$ in 30min so a full charge will be at least 60$ knowing it will cost more and take more time the lower the battery percentage the charge starts at. On average f150 gas tank is 23 gallons of gas is 4$ the average price in USA on march 3rd 2023 is about 3.39$ so 4$ is on the high side of things. A full tank will cost you 92$ and will take you 5min. And you will have a range of 550miles compared to best case scenario of 320 in the bigger more expensive batteries available in the new Ford lightning. I do like the electric vehicles but it’s still not good enough to replace gas powered vehicles. Hope we get there one day. Cause EVs are very powerful are comfortable to be honest.
There are not so many non-Tesla cars on the road - the manufacturers can still decide to switch the port to the rear left!
Only one space is ever lost
Only needs a longer cable but might make it messy with cables dragging on the floor :/
Tesla is going to add longer cable. Have announced that
Came here from Tom's video. This Auto Focus guy is pretty good. 😂😂
This video is a great advertisement for gasoline vehicles. I'll keep my 2 minute fill up time, thanks. Once EVs approach  the convenience of internal combustion vehicles, only then would I consider buying one.
Did he say it cost $30
why the fk youtube pushes me this black fker on my page! never, ever have seen it before and never will. Why I  cant block this guy/chanel wtf?!
They definitely could do retractable cables so people can reach to either side. Or a the very least, long cables. Costco gas stations has hoses designed to reach either side of you car no matter which pump you pull into. That could be recreated here
Tesla just charges other ev owners to gather data of who owns what other evs and all their personal info. 😉 sorry it’s Trojan horse …
Yeah, that was awkward in the least. Watching the f150 struggle to park right told me all I need to know. That much strain on the cable for long periods at a time is not practical but the fact that it is offers a temporary solution to a common issue is promising for the future. Hopefully they'll work on these issues quickly. It's a good revenue stream for them after all.
So when it gets better, would you consider changing your Plaid to the Porsche Taycan?
The slave labor being used by other countries to mine the components used in EV batteries will forever keep me from buying any EV. And the disposal of used batteries is more toxic than any carbon footprint from fossil fuels. Continue to pretend you are doing the world a favor.
See you in the next one Mar Kees 😅
that per battery warming, could be a simple manual switch.
The cables for superchargers are SUPER expensive. They're water cooled for example. Increasing the cable length is a serious increase in cost across every charger.
More content here please my dude
Longer retractable cables will solve the problem . It's a shame regulation hasn't standardized charging dongles and locations on vehicles . Probably should have went with the Tesla standard as they are the best in class . Tesla can make a boat load of cash but will upset some of their customers having to have to share with not Tesla owners .
Tom Moloughney!  What a cameo!
Why do they keep re-inventing the wheel. Just make charging an electric car as similar as possible to go going to a gas station. All these processes are off-putting to the average car owner/shopper.
But are this charger more for like en quick top up? I rarely use the public chargers because I always charge my car at home and just rarely I use one on the highway when it's almost empty and I drove a lot that day. When you own a electric car and you can only depend on the public chargers I think you made the wrong choice for picking a electric car XD
Ugh.  So dumb.  So much hassle and trouble and (mental) energy wasted just to "fill up" your vehicle.  You must not have a job if you have that kind of time to waste.  I can stop at one of a dozen gas stations I'll pass today and fill up without any thought or any hassle.  And SO much cheaper.  How much did that Rivian cost?  $80K+?  I paid $10k for my Tundra.  So, yeah, it gets 15 mpg... but it cost $70k less.  And will out-work that Rivian all day--every day.
The troubles of a modern millionaire are endless. These are problems, a pedestrian like me, would love to have. These videos pretend extreme inequality doesn't exist in this country.
The government needs to step in and make a law that ALL charging ports on all vehicles are the same type so anyone can charge at any charger.
Interesting. We've been in St Augustine for 6 months, from Atlanta, and I've never seen so many Teslas! And not much else. But in this video, there is a Lucid, the F150EV, and a Rivian. In my time here, I've only seen a Rivian.
seems like an easy solution. Make the cable longer. Elon, it's not rocket science :D
I would assume (hopefully) that V4 chargers will have a longer cable that can reach either side of the vehicle.
Lol, Tom is a legend with the charge curves!!!
..........................
Yo, tesla charger is bussin!  It would be tight and lit AF if the NACS became the GLOBAL EARTH STANDARD.  CCS is for jabronis and bustas.
Very interesting
Hadn’t heard this was happening! Smart for them to generate more revenue this way. Some new charging locations here in California have SO many stalls I had been thinking they were kinda going overboard, but definitely not with this is mind. I personally think it would be nice if certain stalls at these open ones were Tesla only. I hope they consider that in the planning in addition to the longer cords to avoid blockage.
Feels like Tesla low-key gaming the system. Get the government funds promised by retrofitting CCS adapters to their chargers. But, make other car makes and their owners have to perform acrobatics to use the chargers. Hopefully, other car make owners will only use these chargers when necessary, leaving them open to Tesla owners. Wouldn't want to drive up in a Tesla with other car makes parked every which way to plug in.
Beautiful
Damn this was a great video, nicely done dude
I’m not a huge Tesla fan, but it is really smart for the company to also fill the niche of a ‘gas’ company for all evs
Think i will start a car wash video,  or is there already one out there?
At least they charge the non Tesla EV,s a higher price for charging. Still we will find our superchargers full of non Tesla EV,s. We payed a premium price for that service. Sucks.
Where are all the charging stations by Toyota, Ford, Rivian? It's like the petroleum companies are purposefully making electric undesirable, by not investing in infrastructure. Elon always doing the heavy lifting.
This kind of charging is primitive but it is a start. Soon roads itself will have charging technology so you don't have to stop at all. But cars charging system will be different as well. Kind of Bluetooth charging 😃
but you had to drive 23 miles to get to the super charger!!! I understand this is for the purposes of the video but how is this in any way practical? Imagine if you had to drive 50 miles round trip to get gas? or that in order to fill your tank you had to use 10 ish % of your tank to get there then another 10 ish % to get back?  wait.. charged from 30% -> 85%, 55% aka "half a tank" was 40$.. honestly whats the point of electric cars if they cost more to buy, the same to run but are significantly less practical and convenient?  Especially the Rivian or the Lucis or any other small startup with questionable futures, if they go out of business how are you going to maintain the car, it will be scrap in 7 years when it needs a new battery that costs more than its worth and probably wont even have over 100k miles on it since long distance driving is completely impractical when you have to find chargers along the route and wait up to an hour to fully charge if you arent waiting in line for the charger.
$30 for half a charge?! No thanks.
This seems to be an easy fix for Tesla. Longer cables would take care of the issue. Maybe even have a reel like on some RVs for their power cords.
$30 to charge and not hit 100% where’s the savings over gas why get electric
Right now I would rather fill up to 100% gas tank in 5 minutes.  We need a standardized plug for every brand of electric car and longer power cords in order to make electric cars more desirable.
if they would put the chargers more like a traditional gasolin pumps on the side of the parking space it would be much easier and universal as you would be able to better adjust car position. That issue with short cables caused by charging stations at the end of parking space is not only tesla charger issue. In Norway where I live most chargers are like this and i found it to be problematic no matter which provider you choose.
Teslas magic sauce is how well-thought-out every everything they do is where they build your cars and they’re charging network is second to none because of how well thought out the whole processes my opinion is that this is a huge blunder opening up the charging networks before it’s ready cables need to be longer. There needs to be clear instructions for other EV owners on the correct orientation of their vehicle in relationship to the charger if you’ve got a Tesla, it’s idiot it’s only one way to orient your vehicle. I just don’t think this process is ready for prime time. I’m all for opening up the charging networks, but not this way. Every one of the spaces is highly valuable and under utilize them by having any vehicle occupy two spaces for one charging session is a dealbreaker for me. There are relatively simple fix us to these problems, and I think the Tesla should implement them before they open access to any further Superchargers. I can guarantee you, Ford F150, users and Mach E users. Are going to park sideways and take up four or five charging spot and honestly if you’re that guy driving an F150 and you’re low on range what are you going to do? When somebody pulls up you’re gonna unplug and move wait come back course not many people are going to say I just need 10 or 15 more minutes. This is a recipe for disaster Tesla you can do better.
WARNING: this example shows that using Tesla SC to “fill up” a Rivian will equate that drive to be MORE expensive that a ICE Ford F-150. Math: Rivian bat capacity: 314 KW, Cost of SC KWH: .49 per KWH, total cost: $66.15, Cost per mile .21/ / compare to F150: using EPA Combined rating of 20 mpg and $4.00 per gallon of gas, .20 per mile. Now cost of a gallon of gas and driving habits will effect this but thought the exercise is some what surprising! Ps: maintenance cost of a Rivian is expected to be MUCH lower but “fuel” costs are relatively even when using a SC to “fuel” a Rivian
definitely buying my second hyundai ioniq now, thanks tesla
I think longer cables would be a logical and easy solution.
How does the charging fee compare with other stations?
Thanks!
Nice 👍👍
34 minutes to full charge 🫠🙃🫡 yeah I'm good
If Tesla wants the revenue stream, perhaps they should make the charging cable longer to accommodate varying distances.
Thing took a snap of your face and saw that you were a black man and went to Africa lol. AI-supported apps are mad shady
Better than nothing but I'm not regretting just getting another hybrid yesterday.  The EV dream will have to wait a bit longer.
impressive video. well done sir
$30 for 50% charge, aside from the vehicle it’s self electric cars way more expensive. As of now I think only the Chevy bolt is a real changer if making the jump.
Great job on the video Marques! Thanks for making it.
tesla could damage non-tesla evs slowly on purpose
"It's Gonna be  HUGE problem for a lot of people" well... try other public chargers then :) Funny that non-tesla owners bitching about Tesla chargers "not ideal" KEKW.
Mercedes does not recommend using Tesla Adaptors. I wonder if this could be a warranty issue?
Sorry EV owners. My Subaru can be filled up at any of the 170,000 gas stations in the US and it has a range of 570 miles. 😅
I mean all they need to do is put longer cables on them.
I have a question if I have a home charger why wouldnt I charge at home vs at one of these locations
Another issue with the charge port location is that it is in an area where car collisions occur a lot. Having a collision in the charge port area might cause you to have charging issues.
Maybe Tesla starts selling extension cables?
Still processing the "Markeese"  pronunciation
Did tesla charging station charge  more   for non-Tesla vehicles? I definitely  would lol
Awesome glad to see this happening
Well.....vehicles are just too big these days.
Longer cables are the answer
Wireless charger will solve the cable problem for EVs.
I think the best solution is …. “Of course, wireless charging” and sure it works just fine, as good as the wired fast chargers. Hopefully, the tech gets better soon and we see them pop up everywhere and fast..! 😊
Don’t know if you know but this has aldready been a thing in Sweden and probs most europe for a year - tesla accepting all electric cars.
Gonna need extension cables either at the station or the person to bring with them
they only need to add 1-2 more superchargers to the left and then everyone is happy; Teslas and non-teslas
They should use a pull-through layout, like gas stations.
I would love to see a cable on the left and right side of the non Tesla superchargers. Dependent on which cable is used, the other would deactivate or restrict 1 vehicle charging per supercharger also a longer cable
Tesla really wants you to use their infrastructure
Tesla should have only opened it to vehicles that meet the requirements, like having the port in the right spot.
I pay 0.06 per KW. Seeing that rate is shocking!
Great observations. @telsa @ford
Haven't tried it, but that adapter doesn't look like it would fit on my Pacifica Hybrid. Also, at those cost rates, gas is currently (pun?) cheaper.
Extension cables??
Super interesting development. The issues surrounding charging port location probably wouldn't have even crossed my mind, so thanks for that
glad I can just stick a pump in my car and get going in 5 minutes :)
The only instant fix would be longer cables
Great video, but the audio’s weird-it sounds rlly compressed. Was shot on galaxy s23 ultra?
$0.49 a KWH?? what a rip off!
Also not optimized for camper/trailer for cybertruck either
Looks like Biden will be funding Tesla's V4 superchargers with longer cables. 4D chess move.
The map defaulted to Africa 💀 💀 💀
longer cables but they could easily repaint the parking lines to make the chargers in the middle of each spot instead of the left side
cool video Mar-keys :p
This is going to be a shit show 🤦🏾‍♂️
Credit to Tesla for helping the EV industry
Tesla needs longer cables, I had issues plugging in at some charges with a model Y needed to put the rear wheel on the curb to get it to reach.
Interesting 🤔. Salute to Telsa 🔥🔥🔥
All they need to do is put the charger in the middle of the spot and provide a longer cord. Or just retrofit to longer cords
$30  for not even full charge!?!?! WTF!!?!?!?!
I like to ask, what are you recording with my friend?
Where as in Scotland we have about ten tesla superchargers and about half are open to non teslas. But there are thousands of non-tesla chargers and hundreds of those are fast chargers.
It is just hilarious how big the CCS Adapter is compared to the Tesla charger. Shows how good Tesla is and how backwards and old school other companies are.
Love these real-world videos!
so why was this so difficult to figure out for all these other public charging infrastructures?
Captions say you name is kibishi
They should just make extension cables you can keep in your car from non tesla ev's
If someone could design an extension cord, a female/male config, with the proper gage based on the length. Visually it looks like 10 gage would be ok for 24" or less. Reproducing the locking mechanism and signaling.
Thank you! I didn't know this was available.
Make the cables 2 to 3 times longer. Problem solved. Hahaha
Gas powered car fill up 5 minutes.........you need 34 to get 70% charge........these things are just as inefficient as they were 100 years ago, that's why they didn't sell then either......when they figure out how to make them re charge when operating, ONLY THEN will they become practical
Can you carry a extension cable or have one made?
They need to layout these charging stations like gas stations, so where the hookup on the car doesn't matter, like has tanks on the driver or passenger side. It's a simple fix but Tesla might not want to do that to make it annoying on purpose 😂
And suddenly the Tesla Charging Extension Cords are on the market...(Learning the Apple lesson) 😉
this is not a huge problem, natural selection baby... ;)
A bill has already been passed to install 40,000 EV chargers. It’s probably cheap charging those cars now but in the future once a lot of people have EVs it’s probably going to be expensive to charge your car up.
I remember you said you make these videos with a phone. Can you put the phones in the description when you make these uploads. 😁
I don't know why Tesla are doing this... One of my biggest reasons for wanting a Tesla over another EV is the charging network.  Now, that reason no longer exists.  Don't get me wrong, there are other things I love about Teslas, and I am happy about this update overall.  I just can't see what is in it for them.
Why is the US allowing a company to have a monopoly on a charging network and deciding who they allow to charge and who they don't? This goes against being a customer / consumer benefit approach and only benefits the company, in this case Tesla. Europe have mandated that all chargers have the same connectors since day 1.
tbh as a tesla stock owner idk how i feel about this. I like the fact that our charging stations are better than the general ones and how the government including biden's admin tried to avoid tesla b/c they're not funding them, now they want TSLA to open up their charging to everyone else.   on the other hand, i would like to have more reusable energy for everyone else and obviously bettering humanity has always been elons main goal so i see why he's allowing it. I'm sure there's profits to be made but the strength of having reliable charging made purchasing a tesla the game changer for most people.
I can tell you right now that $30 doesn't give me a half tank in my 36 gallon regular F-150 lol. Especially with having to run 93. I'm not complaining, I tuned it. But pretty incredible that these are the expensive rates and you get half a charge for that cheap.  Granted, I have 250-300ish miles on that half a tank, so it's not an apples to apples 100% comparison, but still probably cheaper to run the EVs than the gasoline trucks.
i’m a big @stateofcharge fan. cool to see the unintended collab here!
How much more expensive is that price per kwh than residential rate in NY?  I ask cause that's triple the price of my house rate... I'm used to charging my ID.4 for about $4-6 so spending $20+ out in public is a bit hard to swallow unless I guess I'm on a roadtrip and I need to just realize that it's the price you pay for being away from home.
❤️
Wondering if it would make sense for non Tesla EV's to have a 6 or 8 foot cable with a male and female end to extend from the Supercharger?  Just spitballing..
Wow... when you said it cost you 30 bucks from 30 to 80% charge....that is not cheap at all.
Boring!!
so basically tesla is the apple of car makers fucking everything up for everyone else by forcing their own standards.
Well don’t buy a huge truck that was not made to be an EV and was just retrofitted to be a marketing tool and now they r not even selling it F1-50!!!!
Omg guys! I filled up my motorcycle at a shell instead of a chevron! Clownshoes and unsub. Pushing the elites agenda.
so why not make it regulation for the charge port on the car to be in one area of the car for all cars.
Great video, so pertinent and enlightening.  I believe we have to embrace and adapt for this grand experiment to be successful for everyone.
Just add another cable to each charger, so left or right can charge, but only one cable unlocks
Love how MKBHD was the first creator there. You can see why he on top
I just  found out most testlas have it on both sides
Thats so stupit why charch the car with the tesla supercharcha if its not a tesla thats like charching an iphone with a not iphone charcha
Clearly, the answer is longer cables, plus a lot of reasonable and cooperative people.   I've used a Tesla Supercharger to top-up my BMW i3 when doing occasional motorway runs, and the availability and reliability - clearly a product of density - is comforting.  Just a note on charging costs, in the UK we're paying significantly more, and that's no doubt driven by the cost of energy here: equivalent of US$0.89 per kWh.  The multi-charger hub approach that Tesla pioneered in the only way to go; there's virtually no point in planning to top-up - on the go - at a rapid charger site that only has a couple of chargers; they'll either be occupied, or one or two will be down.
30 minutes of waiting(at an empty lot) and still cost 30 bucks🤮🤮🤮ice all the way baby
Why wouldn't the charger just be in line with the parking spot and the cable long enough to reach each side of a vehicle?? Simple fix to this is repainting the lines and making the cables just a tad longer.
Have you ever looked at companies that offer portable charging capabilities for EV cars? It would be amazing if you spoke with the company SparkeCharge and talk EV charging solutions or review their solution. Happy to try to make the connection as well.
Wow thats awesome, game changer! TESLA FTW!
I love the built in adapter system. I figured they would just open them up, but Tesla is actually putting some capital into it.
If this pilot program takes off, then this really changes things for me. I am considering my getting an EV to replace my wife's daily driver, but the lack of charging infrastructure concerns us. Tesla has that figured out, but we do not want to be locked into a Tesla. Combining the variety of EVs available with Tesla's charging network really opens doors for us. Thanks for sharing Marques, this is very exciting.
As a Tesla owner, this worries me a lot lol
i dont think so marquees
Can somebody who is knowledgeable please tell me in the simplest terms how I can invest in Tesla charging stations so I can make a profit when this whole thing blows up all over the place and it will 100% one day in the future. So the time to invest is now when there’s still a question mark and nobody really knows its futures success yet. But I do. So what do I do? Like buy stock in the stock market? How do I even do that? Google a stock broker and ask how I hand over some money and watch it grow in the years to come. I don’t want to listen to them tell me their personal opinion or to play it safe. If I’m going to invest then that means I’m going all in and I know it will be successful in time. I just don’t know know who to talk to or what the hell I am doing. It is so frustrating. It is like knowing the winning lottery numbers but have no knowledge of where to go or how to purchase a ticket of the numbers you want and don’t know who to ask like if you teleported to China or Finland or Timbuktu and nobody knew English and you had no clue what the most basic words were to communicate. It would be extremely frustrating knowing you’re going to miss out on winning the freaking lottery because you do not know the basic steps of how to actually obtain the winning ticket and nobody knows what you’re asking and if they do and try to explain it is pointless when you cannot understand or make sense of  what they’re explaining. I need someone to hold my hand and walk me through it. I’ll do my best to research it myself but I just don’t know anyone who knows about this kind of thing to discuss it with and make a plan and execute that plan.
Non-EV person but it seems like there might be a market to sell extension cables for you to carry around
No it TΞSLA
longer cable changing the cap directionality maybe open top down should help with chargers that cant reach like the f150.. fords got work to do
I mean, they can just extend the cables probably by 5x also it doesn’t affect the power delivery ig.
How is 20 bucks compared to fueling up a vehicle the size of the Rivian R1T?
Tesla charging stations about to 👀 like that “one receptacle” at the airport everyone’s fighting over to charge their phones.
Supercharger road rage.
A young Hungarian Jew  who helped the nazis find other Jews to be taken to theirs deaths owns this car company :)) wonderful pick hope you love the truck boy
In the future Vehicle should have a charger cable extension to help in tight to reach situations. That might help too.
As long as Tesla drivers get priority, I approve.
I do like the front charging port.
😂😂😂Africa
These videos are very informative. That being said, sitting there for 30 minutes vs 10 minutes to fill a gas car up is a no brianer.  I got stuff to do. 30 minutes is too long and it's my understanding that's not even a full charge. Screw that.  I'll stick with my gas vehicles as long as I can.
Lol I parked my ridiculously loud Nissan Maxima in a supercharger spot. I open the gas cap and I stick the plug down the hole just to piss off all the Tesla people
Elon’s from Africa.  That’s why. The apps defaults to the motherboard I mean the Motherland
Markeeees
My 2 cents...  It's new and they (both Tesla and EV manufacturers) have no choice but to figure it out; but I'm very happy to see other EVs charging on Tesla's charging network, it's a step forward for EVs.
make longer cords tesla!! lol
The adapter system on the charger will probably be eventually replaced by a standardized EV plug or people carrying their own adapters eventually. If anybody who's run a business that requires machinery, everything breaks and all this adds is another complication in maintenance so the automatic unlocking thing for the built in adapters probably won't be around for long.
I think it's good that Tesla is opening up the network and they will improve this with V4 stalls.  Over time I feel non Teslas will try it a few times then decide that EA and other networks are a little faster and cheaper (albeit less reliable) - especially the 800v systems.  It's great that they will now have more options though.
Longer cables
At the Investor conference they talked about the new Superchargers v4 having longer cables 👌🏽 https://www.youtube.com/live/Hl1zEzVUV7w?feature=share&t=7176
I was worried a Karen would call the police when he was solo. So glad so many others showed up.
Well that was stressful. Hybrids for the win.
With over 70% of the cobalt used for EV's being open pit mined by 4 year olds in the Congo....how do you sleep at night?? Lithium from ground to market equates to 1 ton of lithium produces 15 tons of C02. Nickel mining poisons lakes/ rivers ground water and the earth. Wildlife habitats are systematically decimated and trees are killed off from acid rain.  Nickel is mined in Canada then shipped by tanker to Norway to be refined then shipped to China for battery production. Each one of those ships chews through approx. 60,000 TONS of stove oil per trip. Can you explain to me how raping the planet and turning it toxic is good for the environment??
Wouldn't be an issue if "content creators" weren't going out of their way to charge their non-Teslas at super chargers. ;-)
They could just make the cables longer…
Bad idea...this can really mess up the vehicle and the charger.  I worked at a dealership about 10 years ago, and a guy salesman charged a vehicle on the wrong charger...the vehicle and the charger were fried.
Another very interesting vid on this subject. I feel things are moving in the right direction, so in the next few years the whole experience of charging will improve. Right now though, I am still not convinced enough to by a full electric, but hopefully it won’t be long. I am UK by the way, and we are a bit behind you guys in the USA. 👍
If only someone would invent a liquid that was readily available everywhere, with a universal connection, that could refuel my vehicle to go hundreds of miles in under two minutes.
This might start a civil war.
The way they integrated that is pretty genius, however as a Tesla owner I have found a few chargers that I already had to wait for and lost 50% speed of charging because the stalls were full. This won't make that better....
Thank you for these videos.  Nice to be educated even regarding the little things like this
It didn't default to Africa. It defaulted to Europe and Africa.
Easy to make the cable longer. This also questions why  are auto makers are putting the charge ports in stupid places?
BRO SAID MARQUISE
they should just charge 2X rate for non-testa that require 2 spaces
They're doing it the "Apple way" like with imessage or facetime. You can use their service but you'll be constantly reminded that owning a tesla would be better for you.
I saw that Elon Musk found this Video interesting on twitter :)
With the electric prices in Cali super chargers are more empty then before.
the fun part  is your going to have road rage and charging rage good luck
Yea i can’t wait for my 90k pick up where I need use an app to find a place to stand and charge for an hour
now you have ediets your the real problem bying evs    then try to charge them during 40 degrees heatwave when they tell you to not charge
if you were smart you would have fiiled up your gas vehicle during the time you were even looking for charge  and would have stayed on your trip route and when your truck is done your batteries will do more invirement desaster
325 miles per hour charge rate is mouse nuts compared to an ICE car that "charges" 20 times faster, and can charge at that rate all the way to 100%.
Interesting.  So they risk pissing off existing Tesla users.  How much is the subscription?
At a busy station Good luck getting two adjacent spots!  Tesla owners are going to grab the next spot up.
This is bad news for Tesla owners. If this is the way to go, there must be regulations on standardized charging port and port location.  I already met an ass****  blocked 2 spots because the charging cable is short. Even politely asked to move but refused.
1:28 Tesla App getting a little bit too aware
Electric car stress you tube video.
Hand gestures in front of camera gave me Chris Fix vibes.
wow that is some cheap electricity nice!
Why not have the charger in the middle? Or both sides?? It’s just a plug. It’s not like it needs a hose to go to a fuel tank… like having USB C on both sides of your laptop.
congo needs to reap the profits for there importance to EV's (rich peoples car). wake up to your tyranny on others everwhere.
In Europe all the supercharger are equipped for a CCS Combo, beacuse of the regulation (Ty EU) and there aren't so many problem right now
There should be just one standerd for charging. One plug for all cars just like there is one standerd for fuel. And that around the world
Supercharger V4 they said in the investor meeting it was going to get longer cable. Think the V4 was first coming to Europe...
Good review Marques.  Hope that non-Tesla users won’t bitch and moan, like the  “State of Charge” guy does on his channel, about what Tesla “has to do”, to accommodate non-Tesla cars.
Why are the charging cord plugs different on different EV’s? Designed by the hydraulic fittings industry?
I thought Tesla had 2 charging ports in the rear ?
I don't think the Tesla charging network is going to be as reliable for vehicles with CCS as it is for native Tesla cars.  Why because Tesla can't control the software that goes into cars using CCS or the quality of the hardware.  I already seen one video where the first time this guy was attempting to charge CCS on a Tesla super charger it failed and he had to move to a second charger.  Plus I think people will be yanking on those short cables a lot.  I even saw what I think is a crack or seam in the adapter splitting so we will see how long those things last.
49 cents a kWh is a lot compared to the gas prices in the US... in Switzerland is 39 cents a kWh and we have DOUBLE the price for gas... so this makes me think that maybe car manufacturers should focus in markets where there is a high difference between gas and electricity prices... just like Europe! Well we will see
Informative. Hope Tesla learns and makes improvements.
while tesla has problems, maybe charge doors should flip up not forward
In Europe, this has been rolled out to many (maybe most?) superchargers. We don't have the adapter problem as all cars use the same standard (older model Teslas need an adapter even for their own newest chargers). It works pretty well as far as I can tell. The parking issue is absolutely the biggest problem. Maybe the next version of SuperChargers should come with a longer cable? Not sure if that has technical implications.
tesla being stubbornly locked to a standard that is opposite of everybody else in literally every way is part of the problem. the tesla cord should have been slightly longer and it would not have been a problem. there's standards for gas stations and hose lengths that they could have used as a basis for how long the cord should be
probably best to bring along a ccs extension cable. my brother bought 1, seems to work very well when your charger is just slightly out of reach
You get what you pay for
Almost 3$ for 6kWh, gg that's even more expensive than gasoline. A gallon of gas could set you back 3$ and get you either 18 to 55 miles, while 6kWh will barely get you 10 to 24 miles in a EV
Is this iPhone or samsung? I think it is iPhone 14pro
1:35 "why I defaulted to Africa" 😅😅😅😅
This thing happening is great. I like electric vehicles because there are some benefits, but one thing really caught my attention in this video especially:  R1T on Tesla Supercharger is charged in 30 mins from 30 to 85% (55% total) for 30$. Rivian says full range is 314 miles (505 km). Lets be optimistic and say 55% (30 $) gives you 300 km of range. My 15 year old diesel car has fuel consumption during winter 6,3l per 100 km, current diesel price in my country is 1,58 euro / 1 liter. This means I can drive 300 km also for about 30 euro (which is approx 32$). I bought my car two years ago for 2000 euro. I really want to see financial benefit getting an electric vehicle, but I am sorry I don't. And we are still quite far.
Short cables are a problem everywhere. I've seen many people parked diagonally in front of 3 other chargers to be able to use a quick charger, especially Germany and Denmark. I have had an issue with connecting my BMW (330e, hybrid, luckily) several times, having to drive up the curb or sideways over several spots for the cable to reach the charge port...
don't they make an extension  cord
How do you like your truck?
Tesla giving an upperhand
I May sale some extension cord online 😅
Marques super nice asking other YouTuber channel and including in his video 🫡
Or you could have parked at the furthest right parking spot and you wouldn't have to take two spots
it cost 30 bucks? wow, thats expensive
The only right place for charging port is at the front in the middle. Nissan Leaf got it right the first time.
It's the same problem in EU even with the longer cables. There are 3 solutions: Much longer cables as other charging stations have. Other brands move their charing port. More space around each charger.   In EU  (look at the Odense, Denmark SuC) there are a cluster of 4 stalls where there are much more space than the remaining 8 stalls that uses the normal SuC layout
how much value is there for Tesla in just having so many more people download their app and use it? how much data are they collecting? we should not overlook this, and it might be a huge driver in their decision to effectively make every other ev a bit better than they were
State of charge is about to get lots of traffic and subscribers.
this is why fuel bowsers are located between the lanes not at one end or the other
the rivian is so cool the complete polar opposite of my smart eq 😂
That other YouTuber was at the right place, at the right time!  I hope the best for him and his channel.
just buy a cable bro
Pretty cool to see that many people trying to charge in the same spot. I think Tesla is doing a fantastic job rolling out just a few stations. I hope they learn from this
I mean this is insane. You are doing what? Waiting for your car to be ready to drive? Just think about it! I am all for EVs but this is definitely not the way to live with them... Charging is not a social event! It should be done in 5 minutes max and that's a strech already. Anything more and I'm sticking with the alternative...
Love State of Charge.
Couldn't you like get extension cables?
State of Charge is a fantastic channel! So glad you were able to run into him.
How is a $30.00 charge any cheaper than gasoline???
Just buy a tesla guys
So it's like Apple opening up to everything with USB-c Adapter on the lightning 😂
Is that Kidd or is that Play?
Electric ⚡ Junk
As a Model 3 owner this is interesting to see. It actually pushes me further away from buying another Tesla, as the supercharger network is a massive plus point over other brands. The ease and general experience of being able to pull in and charge seamlessly will be significantly impacted if I have to mess around with non Tesla EV's in awkward positions, taking up multiple bays. No slight to the non Tesla guys, I'd want to use the network as well if I had one, I just feel this may harm Tesla sales in the long run when one of their largest selling points isn't just theirs.
Great video, your really got to see the whole spectrum of problems happening at the same time. Keep the nice work, greetings from France!
Not Teslas problem that Rivian put their charge port in a poor location.
Tesla connector designed by engineers to encourage EV adoption. CCS designed by the ICE manufactories marketing department to discourage EV adoption, hoping EVs would never catch on.
5:25 that fk8 type r firee
At 1.32 the map defaults to Africa..!? Is it a sign?..🤔 Nice video @mkbhd We here in Africa are seeking to create these electric vehicles.
Markeez it’s not gonna reach😂
a thank you on behalf of Elon for investigating
That looks like such messy nonsense - and so funny to see the boys making their little clips about their “ charging experiences “ - it’s just so daft
I know there were some issues with licensing, but it's really sad that both in the US and Europe that the Tesla charging connector did not become the standard, and I'm a none Tesla owner, I have other EVs with CSS. But the Tesla charger is so small and easy to use, the CSS in both US and Europe is ridiculous big in comparison.
I got my Audi EV and immediately had a charger installed at my house. It was the only way I was going to buy a EV. Alternative fuel is the answer to this charging problem.
Non-Tesla EV owners have had to deal with Tesla owners using public fast chargers, who had the adapter to charge their Teslas, for years.
I don’t get why Tesla is a allowed to make a specific charger only for their cars. In Europe there is only 1 type of charger. For all EVs. Why hasn’t the US figured this out yet
Am I the only one who’s bothered by the fact you have to download an app, sign up an account and follow all these instructions just to charge a car?  It just feels again unless you are tech savvy, or didn’t forget your phone, you’d be stuck.  Just my opinion 😊
In th eUK they are around £0.75/kWh, around $0.85
Am I the only one who thinks this all just looks ridiculous? I just can't help but feel like EV owners want their road trip experiences to be so great, and they're just not. Bouncing around town trying to find stations, having to wait 30+ mins for any decent amount of charge. So many points of failure - apps, cables, adapters, controllers, etc. Let just be honest here - the only reason EVs are popular is because they are cheaper to operate (for the time being). What happens when they gain a larger market share and Saudi Arabia starts pumping out $15 barrels of oil? There's going to be an inflection point where charging surpasses gasoline in terms of $/mi. Then what? I love the idea of EVs for putting around town or to and from work, but I just never see it scaling without nuclear power plants and massive, massive infrastructure changes.
Tesla seems to have mastered the charging thing ...
I imagine tesla people being like “you came to wrong neighbourhood” and not let other cars charge
I imagine tesla people being like “you came to wrong neighbourhood” and not let other cars charge
What a cluster Definately gonna be bull crap going on at super chargers
I’ll keep my Jeep
Maybe a extension cord would be a good aftersales concept?
In CC it says "Hey What's up y'all I'm KIBISHI here"
Is part of the solution for this, for manufacturers always putting the charge port in the traditional gas flap spot? As in rear left or right. Not the front left or right, or in some cases below the bonet underneath the badge. And at something to extend the lead/ hose by about 6ft. Or manufactures could provide an extension lead if that's possible.
Marques is such a brilliant PRODUCT reviewer and CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE analyzer!!! This dude is a dream for companies that sell product and services!!!!
49 cents per kilowatt?? That's 10 cents a mile in a Model 3. It's cheaper to drive my Prius even with gas at 4.50 a gallon. Wow, that's expensive
The conversation seems to be framed "what are Tesla doing about it?" - I think it should be reversed - what are the other manufacturers doing to make the Tesla system work with their setup. Perhaps all manufaufacturers need to put their ports on the rear left.
Extender Adapters! Is there an inventor/engineer in the house?
Why are the videos nearly always ,,shot on 14 Pro"? I think we already get the idea how its videooutcome looks. For ex, with S23 there was only one video. Would be great to shoot more with different brands
30$ 😮🙈
Niceeee
that unexpected collab tho
I just think this video shows me 2 things. 1. The charging infrastructure needs work but is coming along. 2. There is no rush to go out and buy an EV immediately. Some of this has to do with #1 but overall, it has also to do with timing. 30 min for a poorly laid out infrastructure and only going from 30 to 85% charge is not ideal. I know many will say well this is only for long trips, and also you would normally charge at home, etc. But you have a large % of the population that rents out in large apt complexes. The car shouldn’t be dependent on a persons living situation for ease of use. Furthermore, there’s too much of a diff in capability of the charging station vs the capability of different vehicles to take in higher voltage as Marques shows.
To be honest, this seems like a great idea and it should boost the appeal of owning an electric vehicle ... Let's just hope people are nice about it and we can all share  PS: i drive a diesel in Europe 😅
There are 467 kilowatts in 14 gallons of gas.  Think about it?
THIRTY BUCKS?!?!? thats expensive wtf!
Haha ran into Tom Moloughney (if you're reading this, sorry if I botched spelling your last name). He's been in the Tesla and EV community for years. YouTube. It's a thing.
Tesla should upgrade it to spiral cable like those old landline phones used to have.
Stretching and bending that cable while it charging the car at 150 Watts could lead to a fire hazard!
"Solid, that was really quick" - I fill my gas tank in three minutes, 600 miles of range
And that's where the situation in Europe is a whole lot better, first we got reliable non-Tesla chargers. Second Tesla was forced early on to adopt the standard CCS charging port. Third - I wouldn't use the Tesla chargers if I weren't in an absolute pinch (and even then a household plug charging at 1 kW/h for me is preferable than to spend a Euro at that idiot Musk company).
The priceless camera time from other content creators just really shows what type of person you are Marques, I applaud you and tip my hat off to you, ps I believe this was my second comment since I started watching YouTube in 2007. It def moved me. 🙏🏼
They need to add longer charging cables to support more non Teslas.
One of the things I've never liked about Tesla cars is the charger port being in the back of the car. It makes it difficult to use public chargers just like he said and it requires backing in which I hate.
Is awesome how this guys is always the first.  Even to charge his truck inbthe morning
Are you actually driving a car? I thought it was a truck!
If you'd used 1a you wouldn't have been blocking anyone else if it had been busy.
It was probably intentional that the experimental stations are out in the boonies, at least in the north east.  Have a very very busy tesla charger near my place and it's always packed and always a line.  Can't imagine what it'll be like if there were integration at that location.  Also, lucky for other ev owners that tesla has the ccs (or css i can't remember) adapters built in.  I had to purchase my own adapter so that i could charge my M3P at electrify america chargers, at it wasn't cheap.  Btw for others who are looking into buying their own adapters to go to electrify america chargers: it's totally worth it.  Made an account with EA, pay membership and get 10 cents/kwh cheaper.   Just make sure your tesla is able to use the adapter before purchasing.  THis is not an ad lol
I have had a ev for 2 years now and love it, never had a problem charging it at dc fast charging stations, bunch in Walmart parking lots and shopping centers.  Never been to a Tesla charging area before.  No real problem charging.
To me the most concerning thing is the stations that only have 6 spots. Usually they're busy enough, let alone with a trucks having to take 2 spots
Cant imagine they'll retrofit their busy chargers, this will largely be to get more utilisation from idle assets
That's why I like PHEVs, gas and plug in.
30 bucks for 30 minutes not worthy I still like my gas just plug for a minute then go. Not a fan of electric too much hassle
Amazing surprise collab with Tom from State of Charge! Also, that matte red R1T is 🔥
it moslty seems like the cords being longer would fix the parking issues. and its also smart for tesla to do this long term, it will help pay for more chargers to be installed off non tesla users uing this system.
Seems you could solve the plug orientation issue with your 4wd capabilities.
Wow Every electric car owner has a Youtube now haha
I live in Europe (Germany) and have a Model Y. I never charge at Tesla because it is way way too expensive. I always charge at public chargers. But to be honest there are more non Tesla chargers available , then Tesla chargers. In Germany (I think it's standard in Europe) all cars are equipped with CCS Plugs (Tesla and none Tesla).
Marquis, would you be able to share what is the time plus expense comparison for an EV (charging)versus a combustion vehicle (fueling)?
Marques not knowing Tom from State of Charge and insideEVs is a reality check for Mr Msloughney! Lol 😆 🤣
Iphone 14 pro camera quality is absolutely insane
these charging stations look like a good place for a car jacking or robbery..
This is a step forward for a ev’s as a whole but a shot in the foot for tesla. Legit helping the competition that were previously trying to crush you and put you out of business
Why does the voice in this video feel distorted? Like it's very low quality audio. Video quality seems fine though
Pure chaos.  Would never work in California.  There would be 10 more cars waiting and blazing their horns and screaming out their windows at you.
Where are the Rivian public charging stations?
Definitely never buying a ev
Love the auto focus channel but you really need to get a mic for filming the audio has so much Echo when you hold it up to the windshield.
Marquiss, funny name he gave you
Who’s gonna tell the guy with the Ford our guys actual name? 🤔
I find this so depleting...
Yeah charging Evs are more expensive than gas
Tesla doesn't need to bend to other car manufacturers' failure to provide adequate charging on the go through public infrastructure and bad design from where they placed the charge ports.
You paid more for that charge than filling up a gas tank. I always thought it was cheaper to charge
thats why there only some supercharger available for non tesla, because they only allowed the not crowded supercharger
Game Changer, definitely getting an EV motorcycle if I can use Telsa Stations
Lovely little impromptu collaboration there!! What fun.
What you doing in Jersey
I wish they still offer Tesla vehicles a slightly higher priority. For example if the station is 90% occupied, the remaining slot can't be unlocked for non-Teslas
this is like apple giving FaceTime to android users. Just that much so that you can have a taste of it but not all off it so that you can still fell like a pesant every time you are forced to charge on the public network 😂
Elon has stated a number of times that Tesla will only open up Superchargers to non-Teslas where there is spare capacity.
If the do this they should have a longer cable or a cable on a reel.
I would tesla dedicate some of the station for non tesla and tesla for the rest because tesla should get priority
Tesla super charger is the best!! I charge 75% at home. Someone needs to sell extension for the non tesla evs. So you can back up and charge
Damn $30 bucks and not even fully charged, hmmmm. I thought electric cars saved you a lot of money with not having to deal with gas but it doesn't seem to. $30 for going from 30% to 80%. So a full charge would be about $50-60 or so.
I am a model X owner and if some non-Tesla cars need to take up two spaces at the busy stations I frequent in CA I can foresee that the patience of the Tesla drivers will wear thin pretty quickly.
Gas stations figured out the geometry of supporting different cars decades ago lol
Humans aren’t known for having good etiquette
Wait, $30 to charge to not even get a full 300mi range? That's more expensive than a gas car. For maverick hybrid costs maybe $40 and can push 600 miles
I can tell you right now a lot of Tesla car owners are going to be upset at having to wait for a non Tesla car to charge before they can.
they could also make the cable like 6 in longer
"Charging station Wars" soon 😂😂😂
This was definitely a big step in the right direction.  For EV charging in the US we are going to need more investment from the Big 3 automakers in the US to really expand the charging network to allow for EV's to reliably charge.  It would be interesting to see if one of the gas station giants dips its toe into introducing a reliable EV charging option at a gas station or if that is off the table.
Obviously you're supposed to park off-road at the farthest spot to the right to charge Rivians
EVs are a joke. China loves EVs because they get rich producing the batteries 😂😂😂
Why not just put the charging hole IN THE SAME SPOT??? OMG why EV always have to make things so complicated its retarded. Any ICE car its either back left or back right, thats it! With EV its either four corners or center back/front, so 6 different configurations, its ridiculous  Can you imagine right now having to chase down a working gas pump, that you need a sub to it, that they all working differently and that you need your cellphone to have your car actually charge....wow oh and IF it works, you now have to wait lol  Incredible
Why don’t companies A) put the charging port directly in front and/or back or B) charging points on both sides of the car at the same spot on the side?   Why does the door have to open out?   Could it not just slide forward into the car or body panel?   That would have helped the F150
I’m fortunate to be able to charge at home and rarely travel far enough to need public charging. However, I can’t see myself using the Tesla infrastructure unless I’m in a real pinch. The pricing is pretty steep and the inconvenience of dealing with their chargers being optimized for Teslas will make me look for public charging first.
E's are cool but still go go with gas babbyyyyyyy
I don't get why they don't allow the purchase of an extension cable???
There will be fights over the parking issue. No doubt.
This is why I'm backing Tesla. They had the foresight to build their own network for their cars. If you own a non-Tesla and you don't like the set up, suck it up and deal or find a non Tesla charger.
So cool that you ran into the State of Charge guy.
We don't care you have a Tesla. OK? Move on in your life. Let's see you walk in some nice shoes...
Isn’t it simply a matter of limiting choice of charging stalls in the app to avoid chaos?
Looks like your girl friend is a rubber  Just get a real car
So Rand Paul has his own EV channel on YT. I’ll be 😂
Honestly I feel I am going to be more annoyed about having to move for other people than I would be about sharing chargers.
Biden wanted 500,000 chargers in the future.  The only way to accomplish was to work with a non union company, Tesla.
EV cars are ass.
Extra 4 feet of charging cord adds up in cost.
This is something the government should standardize. Back left, where the gas cap has always been in a lot of cars, is what makes sense to be standard.
Interesting that Tesla has the most cars yet making Tesla switch over to Ccs port in future
More Tesla superchargers have megaPacks and solar.  Tesla will be able to charge less for kwh vs competition, the next disruption.
Tesla MSRP allows for building expensive fast level 3 chargers.  The competition want taxpayers or other private companies to pay.  Sadly they will probably build chesper slower level 2 and cheaper 50kw level 3 DC fast chargers.  You get what you pay for.
God bless you but life is a problem when you  have to find a place and if your neighbors don’t understand your screwed .  semis truck went thru this for years . No way government controlled.
I bought the CCS adapter for my daughters model 3.  She can charge everywhere as who wants to charge at a J1772 station.  The Ccs adapter works great at public Dc fast chargers but MOST PUBLIC Dc fast chargers are only 50kw.  Rare to find a 100 kw.  Never, never seen a 350 kw that non Tesla manufacturers talk about.  We need more Level 3 not level 2 to make EV charging fast.  Plus at least 120 kw DC fast chargers.  All Tesla superchargers(Dc fast chargers) are level 3 120-250 kw.
That's why they have trials! To figure out what they need to do. This is their real life data.
Is a very smart move made by Tesla ;)
I saw a video recently that a tesla has charge ports on both sides of the vehicle?
Longer cables ?  :)
There will always be more teslas allowed in each charging area.
So if you wanna spend time and money you buy a electric car so in my opinion this trend its going to die sooner than every body think!!😊😊😊🎉🎉🎉
30 mins of your time and $30 to charge from 30% to 85% hmm I have to say gas seems cheaper and easier.
If there are only 20 chargers non teslas only allowed a certain percentage like 4 out of the 20.  Tesla owners have priority!!
All Tesla DC fast chargers(superchargers, are level 3 ONLY.  MOST NON Tesla charging stations are MAINLY level 2.  Most non Tesla Dc fast chargers average only 50kw vs Tesla 120-250 kw.   Tesla chargers are so easy no frustration apps with non Tesla cars
I like the EV idea but spending 30 mins to charge from 35%-80% and cost $30. How many miles did you gain for 45% charge maybe 70-100 miles? Great video.
I find it laughable how hard they are pushing EV’s and how poorly the support is executed
30$ for half a tank is not a good enough deal to make me want to go through the hassle
Ford's design department literally just copy-pasted their gas cap door without even thinking or even checking Tesla's design.
Forget Tesla chargers. We as a country should invest in install tens of thousand  of top quality NON Telsa super chargers all across America  !
Weird, I've never been to New York but somehow I knew the layout of that station before you even arrived...
Tesla app said black history month is over, default locaion=africa
A First World Problem I wish I had. 🤣
what is the worst case? 5 car can charge out of those 7 SC? Trust me that Tesla will check those data and see the statistic and see if it's really likely this happens.
Will not buy an EV until there are just as many charging stations as McDonalds.
Kind of makes you think about how almost every gas station anywhere in the world is designed to be drive through...
Wait till Shaneequa and Aunt Judith get their hands on an EV and start charging at Tesla. We can only hope for etiquettes.
$30?? I just got 16 gallons of gas for $33. definitely not worth it yet.
30 bucks to charge EV for 30mins is ridiculous 🙄
Great video man.
I’m not going to lie, I don’t want non Teslas at the charging stations. Especially here in Cali.
App defaulted to Africa because its racist!!!
Ford definitely didn't think through the possibility of charging at the Tesla superchargers, otherwise they would have come up with better placement of their charging port.
Did I hear that correct you spend 30 bucks omg
These manufacturers need to get on the solar panel game, it’s ridiculous that they haven’t created proprietary solar panels.
I wonder if Tesla will sell an extension chord for EVs with irregular port placements. Then those cars can park like a Tesla would and not waste spaces. Like the vid, let’s see how this goes
I work for Amazon and I've been driving their new Rivian EDVs. It's completely sold me on getting a rivian someday. The only bad thing I've noticed is the suspension is bad, but I'm not sure if thats just the vans or all their vehicles. Regardless it's really nice and so far reliable.
$30 and wait 30 mins?? Hmm.. ill pass. Pay $30 and Im out in 3 mins at gas pump. For some folk, time is money.
Joe Biden DID THAT he made that deal
I don’t know why I’m watching this since I don’t have a rivian or will have an electric car anytime soon. But here we are
Why doesn't tesla just extend the leads and then have the charger directly in front of the park rather than to the side?
HAHAHA loved you meeting Tom from State of Charge. He is nerding out on all charging... guess he is not as eloquent as you are :)
This is great video.  Seriously.  Not planned but worked out well with all those other cars showing up.
They just need to install longer cords.
A longer cable on an interial reel would solve all the problems people are having. Simple enough solution, but Tesla clearly didn't think this through very well. Looks like a quick and dirty attempt. Not worth it.
Watching this videos is like watching your kids make new friends at the park talking about the new monkey bars I love it 😂
I'll never understand the logic of drive for an hour an charge for 3 just to go another 100 and repeat. what is the appeal of this?
dang the F150 people are gonna f up the chargers
The easiest solution is longer cables
great video and love seeing you and Tom together
Electric cars  are  a joke.
I hate this as a tesla owner
I believe on Twitter I saw one time a Rivian charging in a video at a Tesla charger and it didn't look like he was taking up another stall the charger was directly in front of the parking space and not moved off to the side so it could reach but barely
Not a big fan of their cars or St Elon, but I will try out Tesla charging network
That is pretty awesome. I’ve been waiting for something like this to come out. This makes me now want an EV. I’ll still wait a few years for everything with electric cars to be more thought and built out but I am definitely onboard with this. Great video as usually as well. 👍🏽
$30!? 😮
just need some heavy duty extension cords
The one on the left is for a Tesla pulling a trailer.  That is the one you need
$30 to charge? i'll stick with 87 fuel
What an awesome video - to me Tesla has it down they are the ones that others should follow, but with the political climate that it is, the other guys will not. I’ve seen videos of how unstable the other charging companies are, and how unreliable the sustained charging speed is. With the Tesla charger it was just as easy as filling up a fossil fuel vehicle. Thanks Marques for keeping it real, love your videos.
defaulted to africa 💀
why can't they just have extra cable in the units? If they really wanted this to be a supercharging network for all electric vehicles, they shouldn't have designed the units such that the cables are only long enough to work with all Teslas in the lot.
4:08 I love that we refer to the speed of charging for EVs in Miles per Hour. It helps those who aren’t tech savvy have an accurate number on the speed their vehicle is charging at.
As is, this is going to be a shit show. This reminds me a little bit of the Beta Max versus VHS wars. The industry is going to have to settle on a standard connector as well as a charge port location.
defaulted to africa lol, o boi.
🎉
This video proves why the all electric future is dumb
Markees 😂😂
I was so happy when more ppl came and yall started talking about this! It was really cool and kind of wholesome 😂. I think they should invest in longer cables and car manufacturers should make their charging port doors move upward bc for the Ford F-150 the charging port door is what was not allowing the cable to reach.
I don't know what to think about the language used (not just here) that paints Tesla charging and associated hardware as the standard. Non-Teslas not being optimized for a Tesla charging port is like saying a Samsung isn't optimized for an Apple lightning cable. Everyone except Apple chose to move to USB. Everyone except Tesla chose to move to a unified charging standard. Shouldn't we talk about how Tesla isn't optimized for the rest of the charging infrastructure? How Tesla's charging is lagging behind everyone else?
NEMA 14-50 outlets should be in every new house/garage built
The biggest problem is time. There is simply no way for the general public to drive around and search for a charging station, potentially wait in line and the charge for more than 30 min.
I don't live more than maybe 10 miles from where they make rivians.  And it's hard af to find a charger around here. Kind of out in the country but not that far out.
Crowded charging spots are what I hate about driving an EV ... it's no fun sitting there with other people giving you the "don't you have enough already" stare :)  When they come and check my batterylevel on the stall every 5 minutes, then I charge to 100% for sure LOL
This should be the end game, just generic charging stations optimized for every EV. The same way there is no just BMW or Benz gas station, is how it should be in the long run with EV charging
Markees?
I wonder if Tesla is doing this to increase their revenue from non-Tesla charging at their stations?! If I were Elon, I'd make a tiered up subscription in the Tesla app where for a monthly payment you get to reserve a spot for charging on the way. Otherwise, you'd wait in line for the non-Tesla cars charging and taking up the spots :)
So what? my wife charges her sex toys at a "Tesla"?
One sure to fix this is, DO NOT BUY AN ELECTRIC VEHICLE.
They just need to extend the cable length and it would fix a lot of these issues.
Can't wait until these expensive gimmicks go away.
I love that you ran into other youtubers doing the same thing as you. It's crazy how the short cable - something standard at the hundreds of super chargers - is posing _such_ a problem for almost all other EVs.
They can’t even support the electric grid with what’s on it you really think the electric it’s gonna be supported with millions of people charging their cars stop wasting your money
$30.00 is expensive, how many miles did you get out of that session. Compare to how many gallons of gas you would be able to buy, and the typical range based on 25 mpg for that Rivian. What was the result?
Stations centered on spaces, longer cables.
All the time you spend at red lights who has time to sit an extra half hour, every couple days to charge the car 🤦🏼‍♂️
as a tesla shareholder, i like this. More money in the company coffers.
Gas stations solved this problem a long time ago. Is there a reason that EV charging stations are laid out with the “pump” in front of you instead of turning them 90 degrees and letting you pull up next to them?
I was waiting to see when Tesla would try rolling this out.
30min. I get annoyed at 2min when filling a tank. If my social credit score goes low I won't be able to charge anyway.
Great video.  Very interesting.  I have a Tesla and I don’t like the idea. I have never had a line before.  Let’s see if Tesla stays smart about it.
Tesla started same thing one year ago in Europe and no big deal so far.
it defaulted to africa because that's near lan lon 0,0 so the app didn't get gps position fast enough for the map to move
One of the issues with that F150 is the way the cover opened,  it opened like a traditional gas flap which caused a bunch of cable to need to go around it maybe some level of reengineering to get one that pops out and rotates, or maybe one that can open in multiple directions like if it was a pop up lid it wouldn't have been as much of an issue but it may be an issue if your garage has a hanging cord from the ceiling.    Overall I think e-vehicles really need to design smarter by having the charging port as far forward or backwards as possible.
Are you kidding me? How is this better than grabbing 15 gallons of gas in about 3 mins and going over 450 miles?
40 min not a full charge and cost 30$ I’m good  now what if you live in more populated spot there will be crowds long waiting and you would have no choice but to wait and charge that’s no convenient imo
Rivian needs to put their charge port on the other side and F150 gotta make their hatch open the other way. Other manufacturers will have to adapt to Tesla.
I will say like I have experienced last 4 years of my 3.  Road trips, I will gas it, even less of a reason for me to take an EV long distance now than before.   $/hr is the metric of family vacation.
This would not get any views were it not fo how awful non-Tesla public chargers are.  My question is how much money will Tesla be able to make off of all the new app users.  I'm guessing al lot.
Perhaps when this idea to allow others to charge at T's stations no one thought out this scenario.  I am sure after many attempts by others it will be redesigned.
A few minutes to pump gas and a half hr to charge to 80% from 30% 🤫 think I’ll stick with my gas vehicle
That’s crazy that the cords are that short.
30 minutes to charge! No thanks.
I won't buy a Rivian because my brother was trying too charge his and was electruted buy the plug it killed him slowly!! Don't buy an EV
30 bucks to charge a car?! Nice video though!
Gas guzzler here enjoying these videos
When elon first was talking about chargeports everywhere I envisioned electric buccee's taking over the country, but it's not even close
How quickly did that guy at the end of the video have a problem he knew only existed days ago.
These stations need to also include longer cables..silly to add the magic dock but not extend the cables by at least a little
Park sideways over three spots :)
Also, the Rivian is only capable of 212Kwh - so the 250 Kwh speed is more than enough for the truck. Not to mention it will only hold that peak speed for a few minutes before trailing off.
I was able to use the new Rivian Adventure Network charger here in Oregon, and there were super plug and play. Just plug it in and it goes. Granted there are only a few of these stations around right now, but hopefully they'll continue to built out the network.
Yeah, I do think it's a game changer for non-tesla charging.  It makes me want to buy and electric vehicle now, but people need to think about where to charge to be polite.  The two non-teslas charging, chose to park one spot away. Non-teslas need to park together or all the spaces they leave open will only be usable to non-teslas.   I don't even own an EV and I think it's inconsiderate.
It would have been nice for you to mention that the government just bought Elon musk off to finally actually opening them up. He's been saying it for years.
Tesla will eventually regret the investment in the charger network when the new tech moves to hydrogen
Keep fighting the good fight. Too many gas stations around for me to ever bother with an EV.
P.S. you can tap on the miles/miles per hours info on the charging screen to switch to kilowatts
The map defaults to around Africa because it's the default coordinate of 0 lat 0 long. They didn't program a default starting place
There are too many inconveniences with electric vehicles. They need to fix the adaptability of the chargers, add way more charging stations, and improve the charging times. I know it cost more to fill up a tank with gas, but I wasn’t expecting him to pay $30 to charge from 30% to $80%. The charging cost is surprisingly high. I’ll stick with my gas car for now.
30 bucks to go 200 something miles in a truck? sounds like a gas car to me :V whats the point of electric vehicles again???
Tesla should charge more higher rate if took two parking lot. I m sure none Tesla manufacturers will change port location. if consumer keep give feed back.
I don't see the problem. Just make the cable longer?
You did well there, most of my friends with a non Tesla find it’s like a round peg in a square hole! Maybe it’s because we’re here in the U.K. and  a bit behind the states with this sort of technology
Look at all these people who hated Teslas and decided to go with another brand only to crawl back to sip the juice.
Why doesn't the government mandate a universal charging standard or set up a deadline to have a universal charger?
reverse park
At the end of the vid he said spent 30 min, he got a 50%+ charge and paid $30 😑 I'll stick with my regular gas crossover.
Just watched your Taycan video, and it’s awesome seeing how it’s all slowly happening. Today it’s the chargers, tomorrow could be all EV’s communicating with each other. Cheers to the future lads 🍻
Really needs to be an enforced standard for every EV. I expect Tesla is doing this now because of the threat of legislation on the matter much like Apple and USB-C - Tesla is not going to win out with the charging standards, they are the odd one out. You don't get ICE cars with proprietary gas tank access that only accepts nozzles from specific vendors.
Would simply placing the supercharger in the center of a parking spot with slightly longer cables not fix the problem for all cars? I guess that would be too much change for already placed chargers, maybe creating a socket so that the non-tesla cars can use their own cables to extend would be a simpler fix.
I can point out many issues or complaints to EVs and charging, but why are all of these charging lots laid out like parking lots? You would solve these stupid parking issues if you just lay out the lot like a regular gas station.
All you need is a 5 foot cable with the proper connector ends to use as an extender to go from the too short cable to the vehicle. I am sure Tesla would make some and sell them for $500 and people will pay to avoid the cluster Fu*ck when charging.
I hope the charging spots won't turn into "Tesla vs non-Tesla", as to "Green vs Blue bubble"; with people not being friendly with each other, or treating them as less than.
they tow worth a crap.as well
Can’t wait for this to expand to Canada.
wait 35min..fuck that..I went back to gas
Tesla focused too much on aesthetics when all they needed to do is make a longer cable for these things.   Also I hate that they aren’t using universal ports.  It’s like apple lightning vs the world usb c  Proprietary nonsense
I just want you to know something, or maybe not you but your editor:  Dear editor:  I love watching your videos here because you really pay close attention to lighting. You make Marquez’ face stand out with distinction.  You use enough red to draw out, his skin, coloration, and you make him look sexy. You make him look rugged. You make Marquez look adventurous.  Lighting is very important. Marquez does not get this treatment on his other channels. So, it is really nice to see the videos that you edit because you use proper color filters to pan out the shadows that fall upon his face and bring out his face.   Professional editors on the Oprah Winfrey show know that to get the best color response is to focus on the darkest person in the room and to suit all colors to that person’s face.  Other people with lighter skin tones will not be affected adversely by this procedure, but they will benefit by proper lighting procedures, focused on the African-American face .  But seriously, you make Marquez look sexy and fun.  You were just making him look like he is, and that is delicious.  Cheers to you and your excellent editing skills . 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Good on Tesla:)
"Waiting in line" yeah that ain't it chief. Imma go hydrogen when that rolls out😂
answer, longer cords. Any tesla charger that has the retrofit, also has some sort of spooled up extension cord
Hello Marques, this is my first time commenting on your channel. But I found this very VERY interesting as a Tesla Mod3 owner.  It will see how the evolution of this, "State of Charge" goes (pun intended).  It's delightful to be able to see new frontiers blossom in technology.
I’m near Saratoga,New York and used that closest Tesla station on my Ioniq 5 however I ran into charging errors at every station. Charging commenced but stopped each time around 55kw.  Curious if anyone else has had these issues?
Suggest getting an EV like in 10 years
Can someone confirm how much it cost per KWh for charging a Tesla at the same time? I want to know if the price is better with the discount for the 12.99 membership, and the Rivian was charging at 49 cents per KWh, and discount of 39 cents per kWh, with membership.
from  30 to 85% in 30 minutes for 30$, how much range was that worth?
Make the charging cables wee bit longer recoil ?
If Tesla biggest issue is cable length, then that puts them way ahead of everyone else as far universal charging.
I think they mentioned during Investor Day that the superchargers will be updated with longer cables to accommodate other brands.
I dont think so markeys 😂
I now understand why gas stations are laid out the way they are
Wow, great to see but $30 for 50% charge is ridiculous!!! I think that is how much the fastest chargers are here in the UK and prices are only going to go up (and charge speeds down) as demand increases.  Here they will tax the shit out of everything.
But still the fact that I need to charge the car and wait at least 30 minutes is killing me.
30 bucks! for 55%?  would you mind doing an actual breakdown video of how the price difference is between charging at your home vs public fast chargers, then finding an equivalent gas vehicle and compare the cost of driving them 200 - 300 miles?
I get it but I don’t like it. The exclusivity of the charging network was a LARGE reason on why I went with a Tesla for an EV. Opening up the network to non-Tesla EVs reduces this HUGE bennie. The example of the guy in the F150 is the PRIMARY reason why this is going to be a deep dive into BS with supercharging.
Pretend I didn’t post that. I wasn’t thinking three dimensionally. SCREW YOU PEOPLE!!!  SPYING ON MY BRAIN THOUGHTS!!!  I CANT DO THINKING NO GOOD NO MORE!!!  😭😭😭😭😭😭😭  i will never be happy again 😔
If Tesla chargers are government subsidized they should be available to all cars.
wow, you crazy, crazy guy. maybe put a charging generator in the car so you don't have to rely on those places, perhaps a liquid with a lot of chemical potential energy? imagine not even relying on the motor to battery to motor,, just use the energy directly into the wheels, use the generator to move the wheels true mechanical means. also  the repair proses would be so much more simple and all the waist that is not being made, it seems so simple yet we are going the wrong way.
Looks like there's gonna be a market for extension cables.
so let me see if I understand this correctly. It costs the same as gas, takes 60x longer to refill, and there's compatibility issues between manufacturers? They've got a long way to go on this tech but it seems like they've really put the cart before the horse on the government mandated rollout of EVs. Not even touching the power grid capacity issues if all the cars were replaced with EVs on the road...If only there was a better more efficient way to produce hydrogen, there would be a much smoother transition from gasoline to hydrogen. Not to mention the uhhh moral and environmental gray area of lithium mining. It's like watching a gambling addict bet their life savings on the Eagles and they're all excited until they inevitably hit the brick wall they couldn't see right in front of them. Everyone just ignores all these glaring issues and hopes for the best because of promises made by corporations. Humans are so nearsighted sometimes and quick to forget the past.
Perhaps non Tesla chargers should be made to buy an extension cord?
🤡💩
People would probably start to carry extensions before shuffling.
they will need to come out with a extension like a usb extension cord
In China you pull into battery station and your battery is swapped out- takes 5 minutes. Charging stations make people look foolish...
It is a game changer.
I see a market for CCS Extension cables  LOL
very interesting video, thanks a lot.
maybe Tesla can build longer changing cables. then they can charge in their designated spot
I don’t like ev’s feels like too many sacrifices have to be made. It’s a no for me cool video though. I’d drive a hellcat before getting an electric lol.
Such a nice gesture to shout out the guy, you are a lovely human being Marques!
Thanks for this. As a Tesla owner. I'm concerned about how that may affect wait times, so I appreciate the content. Hopefully Tesla can make more money from this and add more chargers. Maybe other non Tesla chargers will convert to have both as well.
Good information.
High price/kWh and the fact that we'd be in a Amp-hobbled Chevy Bolt would mean we'd use these stations only as a last resort, which is good for Tesla drivers. At least Elon is not charging $8 each visit ;)
That's what I needed to know because I'm an F150 guy, but NO I will not be buying a Lightning they're overpriced. Thanks for the video though.
Charging location (front Right) on the Taycan will actually work well according to this video
Your not charging a damn thing in -40c i have seen it , doesnt charge a bit
Its not a problem when there is never anyone at these charging stations.
Early adopters got a great treat being able to charge without much hassle. Middle adopters ( say 2023-2028) are going to be the Guinea pigs of this charging station mess.   Unfortunately I was not an early adopter, and now I don’t want an EV do to this ( I’m in Texas - it’s a huge state, lots of charging will be needed as visits to friends span distances that would cover 2-3 states for most people ) I just don’t have the patience to deal with this incoming headache.   Gonna stay ICE until I see 40-50% adoption and the infrastructure is proper.
No idea how this happened though. If you want other EVs to charge wouldn't you at least try to charge one your self first???
Pretty cool I don’t do road trips often but when we do having the tesla superchargers an option will be great. I’m not a fan of elon but tesla opening their network is a game changer for non tesla ev owners.
So,what do you normally do for the half hour to kill time? Take a nap?
That seems like a bad idea for Tesla. Considering all the competition coming out, a major selling point for Tesla is their charging network. Lose that and I think their sells may start to sink drastically
Someone like the WU should do the same thing the want to do with apple, enforcement of 1 type of charging port in any type of EV and also in the same spot, bc if you think about it gas cars have the "gas port" (i dont know the same for that) in the same spot, so it make sense that EV's follow the same rule.
I went to the gas station and filled up for $30 in 5 minutes.
Nicely done video.
34 minutes to full charge LIAR LIAR LIAR!! you ev dudes always say that crap. but its complete BS, more like charge to 80%. because we all only fill up to 70--80% when filling a normal better vehicle with an engine. lol .
IMHO ... there are more benefits to having the Superchargers open.  It encourages the move to EV because the lack of a good, reliable charging network is what, I feel, is discouraging alot of people ... I know it would me.  I would rather see other EVs parked in the supercharger slots than ICE vehicles taking up supercharger parking spots in a mall because there weren't other spots! (as a Tesla M3 owner, I have seen that happen more than once!!)  This slow beta roll-out also helps Tesla improve the situation.  Not sure how they will ... but I'm sure someone is working on it as we speak! :)
As a Tesla owner, can't wait until I go to a supercharger to have to wait because a rudenik someone is taking up 2 spots with their ___________ because they had to pull head in.  Also, not sure its because y'all are a bunch of New Yorkers but it sure seemed like the worry about inconvenience was for your non Tesla as opposed to all of us who actually bought a Tesla because of the network and are now at your mercy.  Might be wrong but that sure was my takeaway.  If my read is accurate, you may need to reflect a bit on that.
There has to be some standardization in the industry, all EV manufactures should have their charging port in the same general location on the vehicle and use the same charging port. This would eliminate many headaches and simplify things a great deal.
They need to optimize these stations for non-Tesla EVs, perhaps create a separate row with longer cables and different colors? Also it is incredible how badly designed the CCS plug looks compared to Tesla.
Absolutely cracking up at Tom 🤣 "Markeece"  love that guy
MAYBE THE BEST IDEA WOULD BE A PORTABLE EXTENSION CORD  FOR NON-TESLA  VEHICLES!!!  THIS SEEMS WITHIN THE REALM OF POSSIBILITY!   IT WOULD PROBABLY BE SOMEWHAT EXPENSIVE, BUT WOULD NON-TESLA OWNERS FIND IT MORE CONVENIENT!!  TFL HAS A VIDEO ABOUT USING A CHEVY BOLT WITH ONLY PUBLIC CHARGING AND WHILE IT IS DOABLE, IT WOULD NOT BE IDEAL!!  HAVE GOOD DAY, SIR!
Videos like this always make me feel better about buying a new 2022 vehicle with a standard ICE instead of fooling around with EV's. I wanted electric but the infrastructure for what I need is nowhere near large enough.
I was on a random trip to Vermont and the charger near my hotel had the open network available. First one I'd ever seen. Didn't matter though, I wasn't driving an EV 600 miles in the snow for a ski trip. Already took long enough in an ICE car.
There are some Tesla drivers that are going to be pissed off for taking up to charging slots!
Tesla is probably testing this out mainly to get ahead of regulators requiring them and all charging stations to offer universal/standard charging.
Do these EV cars come with or are there third party sellers for extension cables?
Spending 30 minutes at $30 dollars is definitely not good for electric vehicles. $30 of gas would've been much quicker especially at these gas prices... I'm gonna be a "no" on electric vehicles...
"Let me know what you think"  Buy a Tesla
All the electric car YouTubers rushing to the NY and CA Tesla charging stations that are open to other EV's to get their videos out first, LOL!
Why not just create a longer cord / hose? Just like at a gas station?  They have hoses that can reach on the other side of the car 🚗
the F Lightning charge door needs to be turned around or open upwards
The way you didn't correct him on your name. The slight chuckle when he says it terribly wrong is hilarious. I know he doesn't mean anything bad its just funny
If they did parallel parking stalls, it could potentially work but that takes up a fair chunk of real estate. The f-150 lightning and the R1T could've used 1A but the Rivian would have been parked super awkwardly. The F150 would have been parked somewhat OK.  I think we also have to assume that they aren't going to optimize the charging experience for everyone as the numbers from tesla to any other brand is not even close. Do you cater to the 20% - 30% or do you do the bare minimum to get the grants?   Also, easiest fix would be long cables but that is expensive and not as clean as the chargers look. The more wire there is the bigger risk of theft.
At least for the Taycan, the parking spot issue is resolved with ports on both sides.
Did I just see a dynamic island notification on your samsung at exactly 4:42? What app is that.
As a Tesla owner this enrages me. Hopefully not in CA anytime soon.
Why don’t the other EV brands make an adapter with a short cable that the Tesla charger just plugs into? It’s also bs that Tesla can limit who can use the chargers.
Your “expensive” Tesla charging is LITERALLY half the price of the UK, where we’ve been able to charge non-Teslas at (some) Tesla ports
Your videos are so good man. Absolutely love all your content!
“30 to 85% in like half an hour, it cost $30”. I almost spit out my coffee!!! Is it me or does that sound expensive?
Its a game changer for non tesla owners, not for Tesla owners. Some superchargers are already busy as it is. Maybe dedicating the low usage or cross country locations only would be ideal. Either way, EV is the way to go.
No one’s even talking about how the network is basically abandoning all the J1772 EV cars (standard non-fast charging) like the Chevy Volt.
the issue is easily solved by a longer cable and two cables on each terminal.
This is Tesla's evil plan to make non Tesla owners uncomfortable so they switch 😈 Great video as always Marques.
The camera quality on this video seems weird not as good. Still amazing video
Good, informative video.  Please learn the difference between "kW" (rate) and "kWH" (capacity).
Could you have an adapter/extension cable with you to solve the issue? I guess it would take someone to manufacture those, which maybe there isn't any. Or Tesla maybe doesn't allow anyone else to create something that uses/fits their port design.
Or you can charge it at the house lol
This is like “pouring coke into a Pepsi glass 🤓”
It would be impossible to travel long distance without smart phones in electric cars.
EV is a waste of time! How long are you gonna wait to  charge that thing? Besides all these problems highlighted in this video, time is most valuable, and thats the biggest problem, now think about all these issues with more EVs in the streets, and you have to wait for your turn to charge! It would cause chaos!
Maybe Tesla could sell an extension lead, so they don't have to modify their charging network, and the onus is on the owner of the non Tesla vehicle to carry the lead if their vehicle doesn't fit the Tesla allocated space, as this will just inconvenience their own Tesla customers
We're here with "Markees" Brownlee
K, gonna make extension cords. BRB!
Can you get an extender adapter? Coupling.
They just need a longer cable and problem solved!!
That’s a shell gas station in the back right? I live near their. Also $30 sucks.
I want this universal charger in my City, the hell what Tesla says!
You should have blurred out your license plate
I'd rather eat your farts than drive an electric car.
I feel like the simplest solution would be to just have a parking spot on either side of the charger like gas stations. Then left/right front/back doesn't matter you can pull on either side. Only downside would be taking up slightly more space, A possible benefit would be to redesign each charger so that it's 2 chargers in one module and can charge a car on either side at the same time (again, like a gas pump)
What the he'll is the deal with glass roofs on vehicles  is that a thing now?  Wow. Scan your phone for anything and cashless pay. Yeah. It takes me five minutes to dump diesel in my truck and to pay. I can go pee, buy something to eat, dump fuel, make a cup of coffee all in 10 minutes totally full.  LOL. Maybe a titty bar would be nice instead of sitting and waiting over half an hour to "fill" your tank. But we are saving the planet right? One is born every minute.
Thank you for making such a good video and now I know there are more struggles to owning a EV. BTW nice s23ultra.
You'll look stupid waiting for car to charge, I'll stick to gas.
i think that Non-Tesla drivers should not rely on charging at Tesla stations. So they should only use it as emergency ONLY and Tesla drivers should have the priority over OTHER EVs.
It was very cool to see two of my favorite channels in the same video!  You also did him a solid and promoted his channel, would be nice he had done the same.  Anyways, at the end of the day Tesla needs longer cables.
Just disgusting ergonomics and design from the different brands. Just like they have never thought about it.
I really love the fact that you gave "State of charge" a shoutout and put his channel link the the video description. I've subscribed  to his channel.
Tesla's competition will have to up their game or get out of the charging business and leave it to Tesla. In  Norway, many charging stations are two in a row in a drive-through setup with access on both sides. So it doesn't matter where the port is located.
All Tesla Superchargers should be Universal; fuck what The Government says!
Currently I think the best option for me would be to get a plug in hybrid. I drive a-lot, so I think the cost of the ev vs the cost of an ICE vehicle wouldn’t be that beneficial for me.
Brewster New York is right next to Connecticut! And Connecticut state law forbids reselling electricity. When there's non-Tesla charging availability a town over in Danbury Connecticut, come back and charge for free! There are probably Tesla chargers in state closer to NYC too.
tesla should extend their cables if they wanna open to other evs
that was expensive .43 cents kilowat
It shows how badly designed are other cars. E.g. F150 has a door on the side - which can bring problems in many scenarios, not only at SC. The same with position of the port, which is far away from the corner. This position works fine only for the charger positioned in the long middle of the spot. It's a case with only minority of chargers in Europe. Perhaps other chargers can have longer cable, but also, they are positioned in the middle of the front of the spot - even worse for F150, than SC. Nearly all of the BEVs now have crappy design of the charging port. With the dominance of the field by Tesla, going for years now, these "innovations" by car designers are a syndrome of "not designed here", arrogance and plain disregard for the users.
Im most surprised that it cost $30 to go from 30-80% that took 30 minutes. That's actually a pretty bad comparison to gasoline cars if you factor in your own time as a cost. I love Tesla's and I want one but that's not a real cost saving to me. I guess most of the time you are charging at home tho.
Just get a CCS-DC 10 foot extension cable to keep handy if ever a busy Tesla charge station. Or have one custom made. Tesla did their part. Now you do yours!
“Markeese”
Don't have this problem with a gas or diesel vehicle!
Eventually I bet they will build chargers like gas stations that can be pulled up to from any orientation for this issue.  Just think if a gas station was built like this charging lot and many others, gas cars would have the same issue.  How long before non-Tesla owners are buying extension dongles to charge in weird situations?
Drives a tank and complains that the cable designed to be used with an average car is too short 🤣🤣
Tesla should direct you to a supercharger stall and put EVs together that require left vs right parking
F150 needed to change spots with the Lucid.
Look at how empty those chargers are. Do a video on the free chargers offered by ChargePoint and then drive by them to see that they are all occupied by Teslas.  Find any free Volta charging station same thing. But any tesla supercharger station there are maybe 4 or 5 vehicles which is why they decided to try opening up their network. Because Tesla people don’t want to pay for charging.
Great review
I'd really like to have a Rivian, but they don't sell in Sweden... I mean c'mon... let me get one :D I would even consider being a nordic/European manager for them. I think a lot of people in the EU really wants Rivian, instead of the electric BMW/Mercedes SUVs. Especially in Norway!
Tesla just needs to double the length of the cord. Problem solved. 😂
Tesla is slowly selling out their customers in the long-term. I have more incentive now to try another EV and less incentive to be loyal to this company
There are still Teslas and Non-Teslas, nothing will change because Tesla opened SuC.
Once up-on a time, Padmé was on a Formular 1 circit, but unfortunatly, she becaum a vicktum of Mad Max. She tryd to escaip on Ruot 666 in a 2000 hp Supra, bekaws she herd it was the fastist car arownd. The earf was gettting hottrr and hottrr, and she new she had to leave befor it was too late.  As she was driving, she met a 95-year-old Telsa invister who was ridiing in a self-drayving car. He was verry ritch and offored to mary her so she could inherit his fortune when he dies. Padmé thoht it was a good idea and agried to marry him.  But even tho she was maryed to a ritch man, she stil had feelins for a Chad who was moor interested in his poster of a Rivian than her. She was disapointed that he wouldn't commit to her and wanted to be with the poster instead.  In the end, Padmé was happy with her ritch husband and they livd happily evr after.
Maybe I am missing something, but would not placing the chargers in the centre for each parking spot and perhaps adding an ever so slightly longer cable would fix all of the issues?
Watching Ford F150 guy trying to charge was giving me anxiety. EVs other than Tesla are probably not ready and cannot reply on these Superchargers. For short distance driving non-Tesla EVs are fine.
Tesla could fix this by giving the chargers about 2-3 feet more cable length.
Why did the app pull up a map of Africa? Das racist! Lol I'm j/k 😂😂
--- THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO, WE WILL PASS THIS INFO ON YO TESLA, AND ADD AROUND 12 MORE INCHES TO EACH CHARGER LINES, TO BETTER SERVE E.V. DRIVERS! KEEP POSTING MORE VIDEOS, AND LET US KNOW WHAT ELSE WE COULD DO TO BETTER SERVE OUR E.V. DRIVERS! MUCH LOVE, THANK YOU AGAIN ---
Not sure why I haven't seen anyone mention this but are extension cables viable? I know it's a lot of copper and a very very thick expensive cable, but having an extension would solve most of the parking problems wouldn't it?
New Tesla's have two charge ports though? Dunno when they added it. https://youtube.com/shorts/POGzTzbDUD8?feature=share
The picture quality of your videos are unmatched to any channel out there
I suppose; a simple solution would be to just buy a real car, to begin with…🤔
After Market extension ...
Do you charge to 100% or just keep it at 80 to 85%
Electric cars seam like such a hassle compared to just filling up with gas. You have to make an account and all that bullshit
Seems that ultimately there needs to be standardisation across brands, and maybe extension, and/or longer charge leads for now until such.
Standardization can be a good thing, see Europe: CCS2. Teslas can charge on Tesla Network or other CCS2 chargers. Non-Teslas can charge on other CCS2 chargers or on the Tesla Network. In fact, you see a lot of Teslas charging at Ionity.
It’s optimised for a Teslas in other words. Tesla have adapted their charging points to fit the others which is super cool.
So my question is, are those EV owner live in different time soon that have more then 24hours day??
I have the same problem at EA, you’ll see people all over the parking area because cables are on the wrong side, not long enough, etc.
I’ve seen non-Tesla owners use an adapter to make Tesla chargers work for their cars. Is this legal and dependable?  Thanks for keeping us informed about the changing world of EV charging!
They will be making the cable longer to mitigate
why cant we get a standard
wait wait.. 30 bucks?!! thats pretty expensive!
This is a terrible idea.  It just proves the Elon Musk is completely driven by his desire to electrify transportation, even at the cost of Tesla.  In CA, Tesla charging stations are already pretty full.  Now, you'll have all these people using two spots.  What Tesla has done, is ruin their greatest advantage - the Super charging network, and gave people an incentive to buy other EVs.    I'd rather see Tesla compete with other charging companies by creating chargers for other cars and just doing it better.
Wow, Marquees!  You just helped the State Of Charge channel up their subscribers exponentially.
That’s an absolute game changer. Superchargers will see more use and Tesla will be able to install even more chargers with the increased revenue. Other chargers operators will be forced to improve the experience if they want to keep attracting customers
Did you meet Out of Spec Dave?
No matter how much people say, but when you make videos with an iPhone, there is still a clear distinction in quality of the video!! Other phones still struggle a ton with the video quality; however, when there is an iPhone, gosh! Such an amazing quality.
It's about to get messy
Tesla owners are probably pissed right now  End of the exclusive charging network
The fact that they didn’t extend the cable length is crazy, gonna make a lot of people mad on both sides
Can't you just buy one of those adapters and carry it with you to REGULAR Tesla places? And second if im the US government im a start to force Musk to open his places and optimize or im killing his MONOPOLY. People need to stop kissing Musks ass.
The collab we never knew we needed
The issues with others is up to the other manufacturers to standardize a new location for the charging port. It is open for other brands but Tesla does not have to then take the financial burden to change out all of the cables, other manufacturers should come up with extensions, or new location for charging ports
ccs extension cords are a thing
30 bucks for 70% with a max optimal range of 300 miles!? On top of an already expensive car too. As a comparison my Mazda3 gives me 470 miles of range MINIMUM and I put in maybe 23 dollars. Why are public chargers like these so expensive? I feel like they make no sense at that price
Boycott EV's!!! Dont even think your not polluting. Where are your battery materials coming from? Any idea about the manufacturing process for EV's. I do. Im a manufacturing engineer and you people dont have a clue. Your just like cows being lined up to feed. Think, ask questions and you just might change your mind about EV's.
To be honest you could have used that side charger by parking just to the left of it sideways.
Yeah it's a game changer!  Nice shout out to  Tom.
truck fucking designed to be efficient for 6 years
Tesla opening up all chargers will be a game changer
With this electrify American will be challenged
For so many reasons I’m steering clear of this ev mess
That one on the left would have been perfect for the f150 if the lucid wasn't there
Wow W cool plug
Tom Moloughney sent me here. lol
Wider availability of EV fast charging will 'super charge' the big EV jump. Thanks Tesla!
Probably a good idea that Tesla didn't go whole hog and unlock all of the superchargers for this. There are going to be issues, and changes will need to be made to accomodate.
NotTeslas fault every other manufacture puts the charge port half way down the car...
If this were a Tesla the battery would pre-condition before you arrive at Supercharger. You don't need  to touch your phone, just plug in to your car.
Bad Ford design
The Tom x Marques unexpected collab is spectacular.
Love a good crossover episode!
Green acres mall in long island charge 23 cents per kwr I think I'll have to check my credit card
Could government just normalize where the charge point is for the future cars? There is no point in having multiple options with this stupid thing.
They need to take a page from Costco and make the cable longer
So.... we need longer charge cables or extension cords?
How can Tesla be the only company who's able to provide reliable charging? Why are all other charging systems so flawed, both in North America and Europe? What would have been great chargers split their greatness between every different car who charges there until everybody is left with shit – does it work like that? 😂 Yes, highly optimized and specialized charging solutions will work best with what they're made for, but I just don't understand why this is so difficult... There are lot's and lot's of great EVs out there and me being german and not liking Tesla that much, I would tend too choose a german car. But when I see how great charging with Teslas works and that it's even reliable when you charge non Teslas, there's almost no other option other than choosing them.
Supercharger v4 will fix thus
Did this in an ID.3 last summer in Sweden. The cables are just CCS directly here but everything else was similar, pick a station in the app, press start, and plug in. Short cable and since the connector is on the back right on the ID.3 I was in a different spot to where a Tesla would have been. That particular site was huge (like 20+ stations) and the layout would have allowed another car with the port on the right to take it's "opposite" spot for efficiency at least though.
Wasting money for Tesla and Riviera.
too bad i have a leaf.. chademo   😂
Help me 🙏🙏
can they just get an extension cord?
Rich problems...
How could those engineers not think about putting a longer cable? Lol
The 1B Supercharger stall in Brewster, NY is constantly unlocking right now because I'm over here in South Korea hitting the unlock CCS adapter button on my app 🤭
Glad my rivian has the charger in the front, honestly all charging ports should be there, had a Tesla, had a BMW.  Its easier to pull in (normally), and just plug in.
Couldn't they just retrofit longer cables?
Destination anxiety is a thing. I taken about 5 road trips with my Bolt and more than once I have found myself cursing my charging App because the station didn’t work or wouldn’t charge for whatever reason. I then drive by 10 Tesla supercharging stations and all 10 are available.  Great video.
This wasn't made for the benefit of other EVs. That's just a nice side effect. Tesla has a lot to gain. Information about you, about the non-tesla EV you have and making money from an otherwise under utilized tesla charging spot.
Why th Tesla app was racist and put you in africa
the F 150 shoulod change in that first spot where the Lucid was
Good to see a nice little EV community forming in that charging lot haha, hopefully stays cordial
All my weather radars are defaulting to Africa when I open it up and it makes no since.
Great video. I wonder if they will simply make the cords longer. Would solve a lot of issues
i dont know how you do this, but even your video at 720p quality, looks far better than 1080p of other youtube channels
Marques is the best EV reviewer out there.  I've been watching car reviews for a long, long time and he is good.
This is stupid, Tesla should be forced to open all their chargers up for the public and conform to the standards of EV charging. EV super chargers are producing a massive strain on the  power grid, and simply should not be allowed to exist without being public, of course requering payment for charging.
Wait...where's The Deal? I thought charging EVs cost much less than ICEs to operate. If my math is right, you added 205 miles to your truck for $30. My 24yo Ranger gets ~20mpg, so 205mi is 5.2gallons. At $3.09/gal, this is only $16.
Why are other manufacturer's charger are so bulky and teslas are sleek
damn $30 for a practical use case of 30-85%. Hopefully Tesla changes their pricing model to match EA's.
How much work or cost would it be to install an extended charging cable? I have no experience with EVs so this may be a very novice question. It seems that would solve the issue though.
This is going to make Tesla owner's life a lot worse! The biggest reason to get a Tesla was the charging network for most people. Without that exclusivity, Teslas lose half of their appeal.
0:09 Hybrid cars left the chat....
Love all your videos, but this one hits closest to home.  We currently have 2 teslas, one of which will likely be traded in for a Rivian soon.   It's going to be an interesting new change.   I suspect Tesla is going to have to expand its stations with some pull through spots to compensate for the "future".  They have by far the most reliable charging, and it will be a cash cow for them.  And I expect they will adapt.
I'm glad you pointed this out, and I'm glad Elon saw it. Hopefully he finds a solution so we can get as many EVs in those spaces to prevent more frustration from Tesla owners.
I’m back to not wanting a Tesla at all, oh well. I’m so glad I didn’t already buy one! The new Prius is actually pretty nice. No range anxiety or charging station middle fingers to worry about. I’ll keep my Tesla stock despite this massive middle finger to its current customers. 🤷
Great job helping out 'Markeese'  :D
Do they sell extension cords/cables?  People might need to start carrying one.
Tesla will fix this problem very fast.
Very nice video! This situation raises me this question: as a non tesla owner, is it right for me to ask/demand/expect Tesla to adapt their chargers for me? I say this because although they profit from opening their infrastructure to everyone, it is still a "favor" so to speak. If it gets too problematic with other cars using it, like with the parking problem and compatibility and people complaining and demanding x, y, z extra adaptations, they might as well just revert all to tesla only.
Longer cables solve this 😊
Fun Fact: Tesla is using CCS in Europe as standard. So we have open Superchargers for every EV since last year and it's kinda working fine because huge cars cars like Rivian or F-150 aren't that common. But even with my Kona I would use two slots.
What's that State Of Charge guy doing? If he went under the flap with the cable, it would easily reach.
Correct me if I am wrong, but don't Tesla cars have charging ports on both sides of the car?
Is it easy enough for Tesla to install longer cables?
Will there now be a market for extensions cables? Unsure if that would even work.
I'll stick with gas pumps, thanks.
I've stopped at gas strations and waited in a queue.
Relying on etiquette and courtesy at a public facility?  In America, where people go to car jack other people's  vehicles?  Makers are going to need to consider standardizing plug locations on vehicles or charging facilities will need to implement "unsided" cables / logistics with enough length to reach whether a car plug is left or right or front or back.  Homeowners need to ponder the same thing when installing garage chargers.  If you locate the charger optimized  for the side used to park your first EV that you buy, what happens when the household gets a second EV?  Do you put in a second 50 amp circuit on the other side for another $700 in material and labor?  Share the one charger by manually alternating which car plugs in and switch stalls?  Install the one charger in the middle of the garage and manually move the cable to the car needing a charge?
Dude, it's gonna work. Tesla owners mostly charge at home.
Is there a reason the charging cable isn't longer to be more flexible to use?
$30 for that charge...thats quite expensive...
Unfortunately some of these car companies will no longer be in business by the end of this decade, so it probably won't be an issue at some point.
On my way to Houston I had a lucid drive ask me to move LMAO nah homie you waiting till I'm done
What a rediculous place to put the charging port. One small impact and you can't charge the vehicle.
I wonder how it will be when you have a couple of Tesla’s waiting to supercharge and they’re waiting for a Ford somethingorother that’s slow charging and the owner is all “I’ve got every right to be here” - I can absolutely see Tesla owners being pissed off about this. It’s basically their usp gone.
Tesla did this in Norway a year ago. Worked just fine with my Kia E-Niro. Now they have opened most, except the most busiest chargers for all. I love it.
I’m so glad my gas cars don’t have to worry about this problem. 😇
Damn superchargers are crowded all ready
It's like competing for the last available outlet in a busy airport gate....
Make the cables longer. Problem solved!
Move the stripes on the ground so that the charger cable root is centered in the parking stall.
I wonder if you create an adaptor with an extended cable to extend the reach?
I think the CCS standard should dictate the charging port should be in a standardized location. Concede Tesla did it well,  and put all ports on front-right or back left.
What an informative video! 🙏🏿
Do you think you could get your hands on a Polestar EV? Any model would be nice. I really like the Polestar 2.
How about a big extension cord you leave in your trunk that has multiple female adapters that fit a variety of public charger plugs and the other end fits your specific vehicle charging port?
Brewster, NY represent!!!
Defaulted to Africa 💀 Elon explain
$30 FOR LESS THAN 100 MILES??? No EV for me.   $30 gets me 300 miles in my gasoline Honda!
It absolutely is a game changer…. When it goes nation wide, it’s going to instantly make Tesla the top name in the electric charging game! Hopefully it will make those other companies step it up.
Why do these dumb manufacturers place the charging receptacles so far behind from the bumper? Absolutely stupid. If I were Tesla have the other makes accept a certain standard and exclude vehicles that don’t meet your “safety standard”. Give preference to those makes that use your NACS plug. This shouldn’t be this difficult.
So... Tesla already went through all this and figured out the best place to mount a charge plug and set up a charger.  And everyone else doing it wrong.  Teslas can easily back in and charge at a chargepoint or other public charger.  But other electric cars will have these problems charging at Tesla chargers unless Tesla goes back and makes their charging cables longer.  Looks like Tesla and Tesla owners going to have to carry all the other EV owners and their manufacturers...
That charging spot problem is a real thing with even other charge networks like Electrify America.  I continually find it difficult to find a charger that is not in-use where the cable can reach my EQS.
Interesting cable length has become an issue for Non-T owners. Plug location like Porsche left or right fender location matters. Gas pumps have the extra length due to different fuel door designs.
"I don't think so, Marquise!"  9:46
Gotta say the app was very racist! #Sue Tesla
I think supercharged will need to move to pull through style lanes.
Probably for the large trucks, they want you to use the stall on the side (1A).  See 3:02.  That's why it looks off-place compared to the others.
I don't own a electric car but I have watched alot of videos about the R1T and other non Tesla cars.  The one issue I see with all of them that they share is the private charging networks that are not Tesla.  I am not a fan of the minimalist approach of Tesla's interiors but I have to say they did great work on there charging network.  And yea I don't think they have to convert every station to this approach but opening up a few is just going to do good things for Tesla.  I am not sure how much money Tesla makes off of this charging network but with cars looking like they are going the electric rout this is going to be a financial gain I see for them.  Basically their network is already vast and stable.  Once this gets opened up to more popular locations its going to put pressure on Electrify America and the rest to step up their game or be left in the dust by Tesla.
It defaulted not to Africa but to the lat and long (0, 0) because it prob didn’t have a gps signal yet or something.  0, 0 is just off the coast of Africa.
At least the handshake is quick and painless unlike other charger lol. All the authentication already done via the app.
Can you just repaint the parking boxes, so the charger is in the middle, same distance from either side of the parked car?
The simplest solution would be to put longer cords on the SuperChargers......
Battery car's are not the answer to climate change, science is the answer to our problems, put space program money into an international team of scientists to make a better fuel, the grid will never cope with the power needed if we all had electric car's
“Hey what’s up y’all I’m Kibeeshi here”  Wat?!?  It took me like five restarts to work out that he was saying “MKBHD here”. 😂
Very informative video. Nice work!
I'm not really that familiar yet with the charging experience of EVs. With the whole connector locking mechanism, would it theoretically be possible to use an extension cable or not?
So have a “tank” for $30??? That’s the same as an ICE engine that gets 25ish mpg. Between the headache off on the road charging and the ridiculously expensive sales price, I ain’t touching one for at least another handful of years
This looks miserable, honestly. Instead of 2 mins fill up, you are having to wait 30 mins in poorly designed parking spots competing for spots. With no conveniences around.
It defaults to Africa to remind you where the children dig with their hands to mine for lithium and cobalt to build the batteries that power these "green" vehicles
The F-150 shows why Rivian was smart to have the charge port door flip up and out of the way. Just opening laterally like a gas tank causes issues.
Bur to be fair.. thats 100% on the charge station design.. Because its designed for a closed eco system
Pretty sure non-teslas will very soon get like a couple feet long extenders in their cars 😂
Seeing you open your phone and pinch down to a charger near you - so easily, made me realise how screwed we'd be if we lost the net. Even for a day or two. Imagine a month or more.
Proof Lucis has sold at least one vehicle. 8:25
Tesla can solve the overcrowding of non-Tesla cars easily.  They know which SCs are in use by CCS and could "reserve" stalls for Tesla, i.e. saving 1-2 spots and not allowing non-Teslas to charge.  As an alternative if all stalls are full, shut off non-Teslas at 80%.
gotta love MB
$30 / 30 min.... puke***
Seems like another 24" of cable on the charger would be useful or Tesla could sell extensions to 3rd party owners
That's they should make it uniform and Tesla should get a contract from the government to supply America instead of both Tesla more at to do it correctly
Maybe non Tesla's need an extension cable, so they don't take up two spaces.  Without longer cables or extension cables this will be a sh*t storm and just piss a lot of Tesla owners off.  Elon needs to fix this, but he's too busy playing with Twitter.
As a Tesla owner I’m not over enthused by letting non Tesla owner use some Tesla chargers, unless the revenue generated by doing this results in Tesla owners paying much less to charge or even in the near future for free. Free ain’t going to happen I know but a huge discount would be good.
They probably need a longer cable...?
Wonderful! Time to buy a EV!
We absolutely need a future collab between you and Tom, this could be a magical duo, for real.
Let's get "State of Charge" a million views!!!! Who is with me?
I'll bring my bolt to one of these and just wait for Tesla owners heads to explode lol. Sorry pal, got another hour 😎. This is for all the days there's model Ys taking all the level 2 charges and not charging. Your demise has arrived.
Thanks for the great video, "Mar-keys"!
If 3% cost you almost $3… how much does a full charge go for???😮
Tesla can definitely implement this in some of the lower/moderate traffic stations to get some income from the supercharger network without impacting service quality for Tesla drivers too much, when it comes to higher traffic stations they need to hold off unless they can find good solutions to the charging position situations.
Until the charging is as quick as filling up my fuel tank, 25% to 100% in >5 minutes... Not interested....However, if I were to purchase an EV, I'd go for the Polestar 2 or the RIVIAN R1S... I think if they had removable battery stations, like highlighted in Scotty Kilmers EV video showing this concept from Nio in China, then i'd seriously consider an EV.  Here's his well narrated video about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT1raxxvrHo&t=52s Until then... ICE for now...
Great now they will block all the Tesla chargers 😒
This is jsut fantastic.. but I REALLY worry about non teslas blocking two charge spots. they REALLY need to fix that. There are going to be issues when 4 rivians are blocking 8 supercharger spots.
I see someone visited Brewster NY (Hello from Brewster!)
Charge at home
I thought I heard at investor day they are going to make cables longer to accommodate different non tesla charging locations on the car. nice to see this is a frictionless charging experience at super chargers.
1st world problems....
I can’t wait until it’s nationwide plus Tesla will add thousands more chargers on our Federal Government’s EV adoption plan. I would be comfortable buying any brand of EV and traveling everywhere. Tesla is now starting to share their best feature.
I have a Mach e and this is huge for me!!
"This is gonna be a huge problem". I love how we humans find solutions for people and somehow we manage to see them as inconveniences and "huge problems".   As a Tesla owner, I'm not exactly ecstatic about the potential traffic this will bring to the stations and the added stress on the infrastructure. But I'm still happy for other EV owners and for the movement to push EV a little ahead of where it's at now.   Great video.
The app didn't "default to Africa". It defaulted to the center of the map, probably because location permissions weren't accepted in the app.   There, you get your algorithm points for someone commenting on an error in the video. Good for you...
Guide me through this guys…. Third party manufacturers… are they allowed to make extra dongles or extensions for situations like this? Coz that might help here….don’t know…. Just curious
This video is clean. What phone is this?
What if the cables were 1-2m longer? What is the cost of that!
Damn at .49c per kWh it's basically the same cost as gas. About $80 for you to completely fill up geez.
I think they will have longer cables as they start expanding
Is there a map or resource besides the app that lists the current superchargers that are available for all?
Ooooo auto content? Yessss
100 miles charging per hour? i can fuel my car for 400 miles in 5 minutes  ev is for rich people and people who have nothing to do if you have to travel 100 miles you have to wait one hour? i dont even have 10 minutes
The fact that Marques talks about an specific random and less than 1% of probably happening in a video, ending happening was amazing. This video is unique in so many ways. love this guy
Please was this using cinematic mode on the iPhone or just regular video?
ev is stupid look ford truck with charging door on way of cable  they put charger port in front while the charging door opens on way of the direction of the cable
When 🌀CC🌪️⛈️ hits  home, "Chaarge🔌 It!" :-))
Interesting video. It solves one problem but creates several more. Too bad Tesla doesn't make the cables a little longer. They probably aren't going to cater to non-Tesla vehicles though
Extension cable set !? 🤷‍♂️ (The non Tesla car owner buys one and keep it in its car). No costs and modification for Tesla.
EV is for rich people EV owners don't have to worry about overcrowding. EV would be like Lamborghini dealership  not many people there
Awesome to see State of Charger here lol. He makes amazing videos.
Can they just lengthen the cable to reach all four corners of the spot?
Time for me to start manufacturing supercharger extender cables! :D
I hope they keep the majority of superchargers for Teslas cause imagine buying a Tesla for the good charging infrastructure they build themselves, because German government wasn't able to do it and on one day all chargers are blocked by e-smarts and etrons
I think he became a Marquis today. So that’s something. Great video
Marques is being treated as a boy next door in the real life too! Good for you man! Nice video!❤
This has the potential to make more EVs more popular. Hopefully we can see this on most Tesla Superchargers
The map in the app defaulted to Africa because it had not loaded your current lat/long yet, so it defaulted to 0/0 lat/long, near Africa.
how about longer cable?  tesla owners dont have to worry before EV is 10% of the cars on road EV thing will collapse, for the sake of humanity or humanity will bore themselves to death
Maybe the solution would be be design some sort of extension cable?
oh come on, this CANNOT be the future  😪😪 can you imagine the majority of people having this super precise planning?!?!
At the Investor Day event yesterday, Elon said that they have learned from the European roll out of making Tesla Charging Stations available to non Teslas, and they are now installing longer charge cables to reach all non Tesla' charge ports.
That’s a premium rate to pay for that F150 that had to work hard to pay it.
I think it's Bull that Tesla is being forced to open up the chargers
Makes me sick 🤢 😷
basically, fuck every car that isn't a tesla. meanwhile they are free to hoard public chargers but we can't use theirs without all sorts of contortions and possibly inconveniencing other drivers. wonderful.
They either have to go the gas pump route (pull up to the side) or put the chargers in the middle with longer cords
It doesn't help people transition to evs if it costs as much or more than gasoline to get you places
Ev are a joke n joe biden is a fucking idiot if he thinks everything will be electric by 2035
The irony here is that Tesla had to go it alone on their world charging networks.... none of the american car companies were intersted in a joint ventue for the charging network.  Tesla is being way too nice ...... Let Ford buid it's own network!!!!!
Marques why did you not say PEACE at the end of the video? Seriously WHY!?😭
34 minutes to charge?!  I fill my Ice vehicle in about two minutes and go.  I’m not anti-electric, but there is so much infrastructure that needs to grow from electric grid expansion/improvement, electricity production, coal, natural gas, nuclear, solar, wind, and finally vehicle safety and affordability.  Not to mention mining lithium and cobalt.  A lot of problems to overcome.
They just need a cord like the hose at gas pump this is easily fixed
Very informative and educational video … thank you …. so this type of experience validates the overall benefit of Hybrids in my view …. such as the new 2023 Toyota Prius Hybrid and Prius Hybrid Prime  and Toyota RAV4 Hybrids …. and new Mercedes Hybrids … 50 to 100 MPG, AWD, none of the charging and hot / cold battery hassles …. occasional stop for gas …. charge at home ….  750 mile range …. Perhaps when next generation of Solid State Glass Batteries improve range to 500 - 750 range would I consider an EV Battery vehicle.  Thanks again,
There's typically a line of superchargers and then 1-2 of them offset on the sides... I wonder if those should be priority for non-teslas?  They'd no doubt be easier to plug into as they're alongside the vehicle rather than in front or behind it.
I think this is a good decision on the part of Tesla; my anxiety level about charging EVs has down 11%
Tesla should make retractable spring loaded cables. That way you can pull the appropriate length from the station, and it goes back in when done.
Yeezus $30? I SC'd last night from 9%-100% for $18...(M3SR)
Do you think an aftermarket extension cable will be something useful for the charging access for various vehicles?
This is a great move by Tesla. They are going to force the other the charging companies to step it up or go out of business. It's a shame the way Musk other actions are. As a person. Making all those interesting statements. The other ways he runs his company. I was set to buy a Tesla. Until I  saw those all those discrimation incidents against Black people at the Freemont plant. The class action discrimation suit, from the state of California. His actions are the reason, I can't do business with his company. It's a dame shame, my people have to still deal with this.
maybe a solution would be to make an extension cord for the chargers
Every Tesla has a charge port on the left and right side. Not just the left.
One solution would be to have frontal charge ports in the center of the vehicle.
💡New business opportunity from Tesla for non-Tesla owners.  (Super Charger extention cord avalble at $199 @, scan QR code for Tesla showroom pickup after watching this video)  🤣, but seriously.
What is the backup when a power outage occurs?
great for tesla for sharing their own resources to help out other EVs. But if this causes problems for tesla car owners like the parking situation or congestion problems, i feel like the etiquette for non tesla car owners should be to give tesla owners the spot first if they arrived at the same time or, again, the parking situation.
Governments are trying to rush to EV's when there is still no realistic, usable infrastructure. The non-Tesla chargers are apparently still garbage. Also, the amount of extra time you have to plan in your day to recharge your car is concerning if you have a schedule and not just out for a joy ride.
I am not a fan of this. The whole reason people get Teslas is because of the supercharger stations all over the US and the exclusivity of them only to Tesla. Not only do people have to worry about is it ganna be full but on top of that now they have to share their charges with brands that aren’t even Tesla’s. It’s stupid and is ganna bring the brand down in the next years. No one wants to share a charger with a Nissan, Toyota or Chevy EV.
Thanks for showing class by shouting his channel.
Why don’t they just put the chargers centered in the parking spaces? Then there wouldn’t be an issue
I wonder if someone makes a non tesla super charger extension cable that you could bring with you. Not ideal another thing to buy but this may span the gap till Tesla might remedy this issue
Boy, the helicopter sounds (or whatever the background was) messed me up! This phone seems to have awesome stereo capture. I pause the video multiple time to figure out what was happening outside...
I think a good solution to this is making the cord longer
Those fossil fuel powered chargers are so amazing!
9:41 poor design from Ford team that could make charging doors lift up (like Tesla does) instead of blocking charging cable.
All EV manufacturers should just put one charging plug in the front middle and the rear middle of each vehicle.  Then you can pull in or back in.  What’s another $1000 in material and programming in the grand scheme.
The Tesla charging spaces are quickly going to get overcrowded I’m afraid 😮
Which phone have you use to film this one?
Great Video !
Simply place the chargers like at every other gasoline station.
Nice video but I still prefer the plentiful, ten minutes to fill, gas stations.
defaults to "Africa", since Lat/Long coordinates are 0,0 aka "null island", easy programming fix
Good stuff!
Tesla mentioned they have V4 chargers rolling out in EU now, they have longer cables. So that could already solve some weirdness.
Hence why there should be charging standards and port location standards for the country.
crisp video quality
It was good while it lasted. I expect to see fights and people tearing out the cables.
I live in Kentucky and even though I like the idea of EVs, at this time I think for more rural places the concept of the Chevy Volt (not Bolt) is a great idea. Daily commute can be done via the electric motor, but longer commutes can be done with a combustable engine. I think that's a great middle ground for now. I don't know that the electric grid can handle it right now.
As a man I suggest redesigning the entire layout of all charging stations, wait what do you mean woman just make the cable longer what is this longer voodoo you speak of? Not 1 man said just a longer cable would fix the majority of the issues and simply making every 3rd charger a dual cable charger. Bam problem solved
Call me an optimist, but I think this will put pressure on other manufacturers to adopt the rear-drivers or front-passenger locations for charging ports. Manufacturers who choose to put their charging port in a different location (front-drivers, rear-passenger, or center) are not doing their customers any favors by being weird and unique. Just go with the location that the majority of EVs in America, by volume, use: the rear of the driver's side.
What’s a way to harvest/collate the contacts of non-Tesla EV buyers. SMART marketing MOVE!!!
Just make the cable longer, most gasstations (here in Europe) have very long hoses
lol my nissan leaf still has chadmo
1:32 it's called the prime meridian look it up
Tesla should charge everyone who does not own a Tesla three times what it cost a tesla owner to charge a car.
In typical Tesla style they solved the problem in a pretty cool and totally unexpected way.
Tesla should "innovate" and add 4 feet to the charging cable.
Maybe it defaulted to Africa because you left your VPN on?
Nice thumbnail, you into beatbox now?
It would be nice if everyone started using 1 charger
$30 ouch... I'm spoiled.
As a woman, one of the concerns that I have with charging an EV, is being vulnerable to assault, robbery or carjacking by being a 'sitting duck' if you will, especially if travelling/charging alone. That said, living in California my main concern is that PG&E notoriously cuts power on a whim, especially with their new network of automatic switching devices on many transmission lines, whenever a branch or squirrel touches the line. I'll drive my gas powered car as long as humanly possible, thank you. The average person can't afford these overpriced rolling batteries anyway.
lol what a great video Marquees
Maybe at charging stations they should have a mini gym so people can workout while waiting 30 minutes.
Hey Everyone just go buy a Tesla please
In 2 and a half years when my car payments are done, I'd likely get a PHEV. The charging dilemma is a concern though!
Was the $30 for 55% charge before or after the membership fee?  My Ridgeline gets over 400 miles range year round & a full fill-up is less than $60 @ current gas prices.
I Would say... Just make the cables longer. So you can cross to the other spot. And other brands like this Ford has no problem. Good luck.
Even though this is not ideal they are going to have to make longer hoses for other vehicles to access the charging ports.
Very nice from Marques to promote the guy, hats off!
Man Marques…I would never in a million years buy anything that Elon Musk is selling. Smdh.
Wow.I'm staying with combustion vehicles while you folks work out these batteries, charging issues, and except for hundred thousand plus costing vehicles(Lucid's 160k plus vehicle's the only one I've heard of that gets over five hundred miles) technicalities and issues.
So there was never a finished price on how much it would cost. The last thing that I see is at https://youtu.be/W-oaVLRH-js?t=373 for $2.94. What was the total to charge the truck to full?
You hit the nail on the head, this is great for all EV owners and also Tesla itself. This will help to allow Tesla expand their supercharger ecosystem massively. But, you have to allow other EV’s in slowly. Because if it’s opened 100% to other EV’s then I think Tesla owners would be upset with not having enough superchargers to be convenient. Because the supercharger was a huge selling point to a Tesla and being exclusive to it. As they expand greatly, they will open more I think.
0.49$ per Kwts 😅this is expansive
$30 bucks jeeze. Seems any gas savings are totally lost if you need to supercharge.
Tesla Extension cord
I owned Tesla and I love the car so much TBH. However, for road trip , I still prefer ICE car which is fast and easy access to the gas station . EV is great for daily commute .
Make the cables longer lol
Yesterdays Investment Day stream, they mentioned installing longer cables for this issue State of Charge was talking about.
or just buy a tesla xD
This is good IRL feedback for EV owners AND Tesla. Hopefully, they're watching!
Parking and non standardized charge port locations.  Who would've thought parking would've brought so many questions and unique situations!  And, as always, Marques doin the good lords work.
My biggest concern with EV's has been poor infrastructure for charging stations so I have to say this is a huge step in the right direction. Hopefully they keep adding stuff like this and make the parking spots and chargers more practical over time.
I just want to know if the tailgate cover is still fully functional? lol
I remember Elon saying that opened up tesla chargers to other manufacturers is just on them to use the tech. I think all ev chargers should be standardized seeing that for petrol you can get gas at any station.
Tesla’s have a charge port on both sides of the rear the channel “All about Tesla” did a short on it awhile back
It seems to me that the smart move would be to make the cables longer. I'm not sure how workable that is though.
This was a great video, im glad Tesla is willing to share their network with non Teslas, the only question I have is how are they going to handle the extra traffic of evs at their stations?
They definitely need to add extendable cables to these charging stations to account for different cars.
i'm still curious how Tesla will handle people hogging parking spots. Like you said it's really bad in California and the idea of having to wait in line to charge my car is not ideal.
Great video definitely a useful subj thanks
Tesla just created more problems with this solution. Props to Elon for coming up with half backed features!
What intrigues me every time I watch video from this channel is that almost all are shot on iphone.
Auto Focus ? All Tesla  or non-Tesla have to do, is make and sell extension cord for non-Tesla vehicles.
I can not get full EV because closest charging spot from my home is 8 minute walk in parking lot that has 2 hour free parking... so not overnight. Oh and I have not seen tesla chargers IRL. I am form EU.
I don’t think you can nitpick Tesla for something they didn’t have to do in the first place.
Is it more expensive to charge here than it would at a non-Tesla station?
This is a great idea for EVs it's indeed a game changer though Tesla should increase on the cable length to accommodate more cars.
Investment Day Tesla said V4 chargers should have longer cables starting in Europe! So hopefully soon with some Federal money too, we will see these chargers.
This was quite informative. I believe EV builders SHOULD DEFINITELY be making the ports more accessible. I often thought about them placing them so far back on the front of the vehicles. Why design them to need more cables?! I do not have an EV but I appreciate Tesla opening up their network and actually providing a more fluid experience for users compared to what I have seen from every other brand.
That is what happens when cars are not specced to industry standards (the first to scale sets the standard).
somebody should start producing cable between Tesla cable and car socket like Type C to 3.5mm Jack for phone.
I initially wanted a BMW i4 and the only reason Tesla sold me was because of their charging network. I should have waited!😖
so just a thought, why don't EV manufacturers just put the charging port on the nose of the vehicle? that way no matter what station you are at you just have to pull in nose first and everyone can fit in?
What a freaking nightmare. This is going to be awful. I know they did it to get the govt money but wow, this is going to make charging such a terrible experience. What’s really going to suck is when the car tells you there is an open stall but when you get there you cant access it because the non Tesla is blocking it because it’s parked in that spot. Tesla software isn’t going to be able to tell you to reroute because it will think these stalls are avail when they are all iced.
Would longer cables slow charging speed significantly?
Fun fact, the map defaults to Africa because the coordinate 0 degrees latitude and 0 degrees longitude are just to the West of Africa in the ocean.
$30 to charge 55%?! That’s highway robbery right there.   I hope you have the largest battery size, in which case that’s ONLY about 33 cents a kWh…  that’s hardly better than paying for gasoline…
Tesla mentioned yesterday that their new Superchargers (they are releasing in Europe first) have longer cables to accommodate all the different charge port positions. This will eventually be implemented in the US as well and that should help with the parking and charging etiquette. Great and informative video by the way!
Nice report, and nice to see the shout-out to “State of Charge” channel, as they are very focused and detailed on EV changing (all EV’s and all locations).  Keep up the great work!
MKBHD 1:35 it's a invitation to visit Angola
For now,  the only vehicles that will not block two stations will be those with the charging port in the rear driver side and front passenger side. The compressor cable is only 4 feet long.
I follow the other guy too.👍🏾😄
and still no thanks to EVs for me 🤷‍♂ pull into fuel station, fill up in 5 mins with 400,500,600 miles depending on what type of vehicle and done and on your way!
Exactly tesla chargers are optimized for Tesla cars.  I see no reason to take my CCS car to a Tesla charging station.  I have 110,000 miles on my CCS car and I’ve never needed, nor desired, a Tesla charging station.
Interesting that the legacy style of charger cover ford uses was part of the problem.
This opens me up to actually buying an ev now. Want the Tesla charging network but not a Tesla vehicle.
MKBHD had to end the video just when the Apple Car guy was arriving to ask them to help tip his car over, to charge on the bottom.
Good luck towing something,  And enjoy your long wait wile you charge your electric garbage truck.
The most first world problems I’ve ever seen smh.. America
Marques, Tesla only did it to be part in the gov funding program for building up the charging infrastructure.
When you think of the amount of technology but also the amount of thought that goes into all of this. It is actually amazing that any of it even works, but it does.
Great Vid Sir!…you actually answered the small question that popped in my head, when I heard Tesla was doing this. One quick answer to this issue, would be to at least make the charge cable 6 inches, to a foot longer…to help with charger port location…so you’re not having the cable pulled to its maximum…like my guy “State of Charge” demonstrated for us!  Love the content Both you guys put out there! Keep Rockin!
This gets you to the meat of this video: https://youtu.be/W-oaVLRH-js?t=191
It’s great that Tesla is trying to help the other EVs because in general all this does it make other EVs more feasible to purchase. I think now it may be up to the owners to buy an extension or something along those lines. Because it was made to be optimized for the Tesla. It wouldn’t make sense to make the cord extremely long and the Tesla cord needs to only be a few feet long. I think if people run into those problems it should be up to the owner to purchase the proper accessories to acclimate to the supercharger. In my opinion
@10:24 Hopefully, but that’s a pretty tall order these days unfortunately.
There needs to be a new regulation for cars to have the charging port at the front right or the  back left side of the car. The Charging station provider can not be tasked to build station to fit all these defferent kind of cars. If lets say tesla is asked to change the layout of newer build stations it will result in fewer charging stalls because of the needed parking space. They did it at some stations in norway and instead of having lets say 16 stalls, there are now only 6 because of the parking layout and parking possibility for car trailers.
What a mess
Electric is nothing but garbage especially A truck .
random idea: longer cable
It's great for the entire EV community...except Tesla owners who are bound to complain about the clogged stations and other EVs taking up 2+ spots in order to charge. They've been using public stations for a while, and tend to be the cars plugged in for 40+ minutes, but they won't care for a taste of that at THEIR stations.  I don't really see Tesla adjusting their iconic design at all, but it'll be interesting to see how this plays out.
I feel tesla is so anti consumer
people yanking and mistreating cables is a big cause of down chargers. People are going to ruin those supercharger cables
Cool seeing Tom Moloughney from State of Charge on the channel!
30 bucks... literally similar to gas prices....
How far over could you have moved to the left?  Could you mov far enough to make the next stall usable?
just make the charging cord longer. It's not that hard...
Longer cable? Similar issue with gas pumps as fill holes on opposite side. Some pumps have long hose, some only short. Seems like a small growing pain. @Tesla: time for cables with an extra 6-8 ft.
A golden opportunity to sell an extension cord?
This layout is terrible and I can see it becoming a problem. Charging stations need to be setup as a 'drive-through" the way gas stations are setup. That way you can pull up in any direction and be able to charge regardless of where he charge port is.
This vlog was very informative. It was just happenstance that you were at a supercharger and were able to see all the different issues non Tesla will encounter.  Its too bad the other then Tesla EV sellers have not invested in a charging network for their customers. Here, buy my non Tesla EV and good luck getting it charged up because what is available for you is always broken or half works. Tesla rules.
That's manufacturers not being willing to agree on a standard charge port location for you...
Tesla should've sold an adapter that's linked to your account with a cable that can reach the other side so that you don't have to take up two spots. Another benefit of that is you can just go to any supercharger instead of looking for one that is retrofitted
$30 for half a charge in 30min? 😬
Great video! I haven't seen anyone address the public funding side of this. Everyone has said Tesla is now eligible for public funds, but don't the requirements include non-app payment and letting all cars (chademo) charge? Am I missing something?
9:50 Perhaps someone should manufacture and sell an extension cord, with appropriate connectors to eliminate need for an adapter.
This needs to be standardised like OBD2 ports.
Why does the audio sound do horrible when the phone is not facing marques, but amazing when it does?
We all can’t afford your OVERPRICED EV’s, sorry the majority of America and the world can’t afford your truck
Defaulted to Africa 🤣
hmm, looks like Tesla forgot the extension cable in addition to the adaptor and app...Tesla or some company can just invent one for the non-Tesla owners.
This is a great video! You said 30 bucks for 55% charge though? Is this a large increase in price from the past? I can fill up 10 gallons of gas for $30 and roll 240 miles in my full size chevy truck, and that takes less then 5 minutes. EVs are cool, great vehicles, and might be the future but I think its important to note that they are still luxury vehicles for people with more money as of right now.
This problem is all... transitory.
Looks like there’s a market for cable extenders, let’s see how long it will take
How long did it take to charge to 100%?
If this actually goes into effect for all Tesla charging stations then Tesla should require all EV manufacturers to have the charging port on the same location as Tesla does with their vehicles to prevent this headache from happen in a continuous cycle.
30$ seems like a lot no ?
Well the best thing that they could do is make it less like parking and more like gas station stalls.  Where you can pull in forwards or backwards and you can pull forwards as much as you wish.  It would change the spacing of parking and would take up probably a lot more space, But unless automakers actually try to change where they put the port (takes 3 years to design a car so it would be 3 years out at least)  Charging will be a difficult thing for these reasons.
Filled from 30% to 80% for $30 usd (41cnd)?! How is that cheaper than gas? You can buy a Toyota or Honda with a hybrid  and go 4-5 weeks (if you're squeezing every last drop) on one $50-$70cnd fill up. On paper a Toyota Corolla Hybrid / Toyota Prius – 4.5 L/100 km. If I had 30% of my gas left and filled I would pay less at this time, I really want to like and have a EV but I'm not seeing it with anywhere 60-100k of a vehicle that won't save me much money, in fact I'm sure going to lose on interest and value.
Car companies need to come with cable extenders.
Just… make the cord longer?
I'll never buy a vehicle that doesn't have an automatic cover for the roof.
What about an extension cable? If just keep an extra few feet in your trunk
talk about right place at the right time for that guy in the F150 lightning
In New Zealand, you’ll be lucky if you can even find two charges
30 bucks to get a basically 50% wtf, anyone else thinks high
This process of charging will create huge resistance in the transition to EV's. If it can't be as simple as swiping/inserting your card and plugging the damn thing in, the regular population who just want to use their vehicle to get from point A to point B and don't want to create an account or use an app to do something so simple will absolutely hate this and resist it with all their might. It's just a stupid process. Making it as similar to a gas pump as possible will solve all of these ridiculous problems. The auto industry needs to standardize the charging plug, communication protocols and general charging socket location and make the entire process the same as a gas pump. Walk up, insert your card, wait for auth, it lights up telling you to insert charging plug, you sit and wait for charging to complete or charge to desired level and unplug, the pump charges your card for the amount of electricity consumed and you go about your day. It CAN be as simple as that, if only the auto manufacturers removed their heads from their asses. Adapters are stupid, signing up for an account to charge your vehicle is STUPID. OEMs, let's stop this absolute NONSENSE.
It takes 3 years to design a vehicle.  We will see which car companies are taking electrification seriously when they redesign their ports to accept Tesla superchargers either by changing where the port is or by going all in and actually using Teslas plug.  I think less than 20% of of automakers will actually do this.  Those will be the only ones that actually get EV growth and become profitable with them.
One question.. Why can't tesla make the charger with a longer cable?
It appears to be a bad enough experience with existing charging stations. I wonder what happens when we are all electric and everyone needs a charger. It takes less then 5 minutes to fuel a car. Are they going to have fields of charging stations to handle the volume of users needing to charge?
$$$ for T$LA but yea it's gonna be a huge headache. We need more chargers on a huge order of magnitude. Almost got stranded with my family on Christmas eve when it was -20C and that's before the network opened up.
What phone are you using? It looks great!
As a Tesla owner for 6 years +, I do not like the idea of having to share SC-ing with Fords, Rivians, Lucids, etc.  I get the need for additional revenue streams for the Tesla company, but convenient SC anywhere access is a part of what attracted me to the car to begin with.  It’s already crowded at some sites.  It’ll be interesting to see what it does to Tesla sales and EV sales in general.
if the cable was extended to reach both sides of the vehicle that could resolve the issue.
They need to retrofit the chargers with longer cords. then problem solved
What a huge design flaw in the F-150.....
It's still snowing in New York???
I tried a Rivian and a Tesla recently in a cold weather environment for work, although awesome cars I can’t rely on the battery life for either as I drive all day for my job and the battery would just plummet, hope this changes.
That's a pretty cool compromise! I have some Mercedes Customers transitioning over and it's a big deal to have the ability to switch for them while maintaining the plug and play aspect of it.
and this is why charge port location should be standardized... I've never understood why some put the port so far from the front like the Lightning on the side of the car. Tesla's location makes most sense for the driver. Rivian at least is close to the front.
"I anticipate" that Tesla will improve and adapt their supercharger stations based on this new revelation; new parking setup and longer cables.  If not, then I don't see this being a success for anyone, including Tesla.
I don't even like waiting for the last 25 cents of gasoline because it pumps too slow.  I don't think I'll ever own an electric vehicle.
Longer and larger cable
Wait is my math off. 70$ to charge your truck 0-100% for 250 miles ……. Idk not that great economically
“Marquise”
I guess they have to start making those cables like a foot longer.
Honestly, I don't think many Tesla people are going to move to accommodate a non Tesla, especially when the stations are packed. I really can't blame them.
Issue is a lot of ev owners won’t care about damaging the public chargers
Nooo Tesla charging stations are already almost full with long queues.
This just reinforced my opinion on ev and why not to get one. 1. Prohibited cost of the car and charging. 2. The wast of time to charge the car adding hours to most trips. 3. The inadequate infrastructure to support charging stations. 4. Electric has to be generated from carbon or nuclear energy.
Anyone buying these don't t know science well
I definitely blame ford for that stupid charge flap design.
It should be law that all chargers are open to all vehicles. Universal charging stations is essential to be successful in my opinion.
Wow, at first I thought that adapter was one people were buying as a third party "hack" addon. Interesting implementation, but you are right the cable should be a little longer, but then there is a risk of user misuse.
I think this could very well be Tesla’s future. Musk has been alienating the people who buy his cars with his actions on Twitter, the build quality issues that Teslas face are becoming more widely known, other companies are catching up very quickly in self driving capabilities (with some, like Mercedes, already exceeding Tesla’s abilities), and overall, Tesla has just lost every advantage that it has ever had, except for its chargers. The Tesla Supercharger is, in my opinion, the best EV charger out there. If Tesla could shift towards being primarily a car charging company that also happens to make a few cars, that could secure a long, healthy future for the company.
The @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney video of this session is live, and already has 5-10x the views of his previous videos. I hope his channel blows up with the MKBHD "accidental" collab. Kudos to Marques for giving the shout-out to another creator.
Funny it defaulted to Africa.. not PC! 😁
Best AF video thus far!
What a shitshow 1) OEMs should adopt NACS.  2) ChRgers should be relocated parallel to parking lines like regular fuel bowsers
I think it'll need to be Teslas pull in to the spots farthest to the right (as viewed approaching the station) and then everyone else fills in the row from the other direction.
this is a good wake-up call for manufacturers to start normalizing and standardizing charge port location on the vehicle for the back left
How quickly everyone now says Tesla owes them this or that. It's the best charging network in the world and you have the priveledge to use it. Be thankful you won't get stranded in your non-tesla anymore
This is funny (I watched Tom's video earlier today) and both are great and informative.   I live about 40 minutes north of Brewster so I'll have to try this out too with my Lightning.  Some tips for Lightning owners in the winter.  I carry a lightweight aluminum emergency shovel which could come in handy to get some snow and ice out of the way to get a little closer.  Plus, I carry a moving blanket which you could drape over the bollard in front of the station so you don't scratch the front of your truck while trying to move as close as possible.
Hate see none Tesla occupy wrong spot of charger. any ev with none left side, DO NOT pull in! Please! this is not for you. technically it’s for Tesla ONLY. open for public if yours capable. use what made for other EVs
Awesome video and I can't wait to see what the charging experience is gonna be like now
They need to standardize chargers across all EVs. And it needs to be regulated in a similar way that gas pumps are.
Interesting video.  I still think we're a long ways away from becoming a mainstream EV country.  I've driven all over the US and when I think of charging stations I think of how this would work with places like Loves or Chuckee's.  Answer:  it wouldn't.  Imagine 70 cars at a 40 pump location and each car, if super charging capable, would take 30 minutes to charge.  But that's not even the big issue.  The bigger issue are the materials to make batteries.  Nearly 50% of world cobalt reserves are in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), 58% of lithium reserves are in Chile, 80% of natural graphite reserves are in China, Brazil and Turkey, while 75% of manganese reserves are in Australia, Brazil, South Africa and Ukraine.  The fight (e.g., political influence from the US and China in particular) for these materials will increase thereby substantially increasing the prices of EVs.
why tf wouldn't these chargers have the cable on a spool that extends out when u pull on them? makes zero sense the way its setup. even for teslas
Big respect to you for shouting out his channel. Those are the acts of kindness that puts a smile of God's face
At $0.49/kW that costs about $65 to charge fully. You get maybe 240 miles of range in cold weather. So about $0.27/mile and have to spend an hour charging every 3-ish hours of driving   Gas in NY is averaging $3.50/gallon right now. Ford ranger gets 22 MPG, so about $0.15/mile and goes almost 400 miles between fillups. Takes 5 minutes to refill the gas tank.  Sorry but electric makes no sense from a cost of ownership perspective. Gas prices would have to be around $10/gallon for it to make sense and you would still be wasting a lot of time charging. And don't even get me started about towing or range anxiety that every EV owner I know experiences.
$30 was more than I was expecting
OOO boi... 2023 is gonna be spicy
Superchargers = Instagram before Android. That worked out ok.
Marques ask jarryrigeverything to make  a cable extender 💡
Love the comradery with the other content creators
Wonderful video. A wealth of practical information and great presentation. First one of your videos I have viewed and I am subscribed. Don't have an EV but am trying to keep up with the technology and the infrastructure. Now I have to catch up on your other content!
If you run out of power and are on the side of the road,  what do you do then?
Glad to have the Tesla network but it looks like it needs some work. They need to center the chargers to the spots and extend the cord length.
Half an hour and not even a full charge? For $30?? That is terrible
I am glad none of this has come to India yet if so it would be a chaos
Loved this impromptu collaboration with other EV YouTubers! This is gonna be painful for the Tesla folks.
Thank you for showing what charging is really like. Seeing the other drivers and their frustrations really helped highlight some of the challenges owning an EV. I was also surprised by the cost. It was much more expensive than I thought it would be.
I can see manufacturers offering a charging extension cord with purchase of an EV
Hi Makis 😅
Damn! It didn't even fill up and it cost 30 bucks! 💀
Funny Marques, I thought you already knew Tom (SOC channel).  Great video!
So they will simple need gas stating length cables
Wouldn't it be trivial for EV makers to add multiple charge ports to a vehicle?
Ev’s are overrated
nice plug boyz. #blessed :D
Issues with slave labor mining the minerals that go into those gigantic batteries too.
🤨lol! When car manufacture put charging spot at the front left of your car. Why in the world you create charging door opening in wrong direction. That’s the wrong car design by Ford F-150. Tesla lover.
How about extension cables? 🤷‍♂
All the YouTubers going to Brewster NY for this is Comical. Temporarily the new Venice Beach!
This video itself will help Tesla how to fix the charging issue.   They can extend the wire longer or create another batch of super charges for NON-TESLA's.  Some Owners will end up getting Tesla with this marketing move.
Thank you very much Tesla for allowing others to use the Superchargers and make it as easy as possible.
This could have a lot less friction if the place had extension chords for the chargers.
There are two fixes that Tesla can do for the issues faced by Tom:  1. Two charge cables like the EA stations do. One on each side. 2. Longer charge cables  They are long-term fixes to be sure, but it will prove to be of better value in the longer run.  Cheers
Does one have to pay to charge and what’s the basic price
$0.49 per kilowatt hour without membership, $0.39  with  a $12/month membership. Note that Tesla owners get the $0.39 rate at that station, no membership required. In Colorado there is currently no non-Tesla charging capability, and the rates range from $0.20/kwh to $0.34/kwh. To better serve their Tesla owners, Tesla may increase the charging fee for non-Tesla vehicles at locations that become congested, encouraging them to only use the chargers for emergencies. Moreover, Tesla announced during its investor day on March 1, 2023, that new stations would have longer cables to accommodate non-Tesla vehicles.
These EV episodes have been extremely informative and eye opening. Especially for no EV owners like me. Thank you.
Longer cables or extension cords?
I think the most off-putting thing there was hearing the cost of a charge at the end. You didn't even fill up and you're approaching what I pay for fuel.  So it's a much more expensive vehicle with super inconvenient charging and it costs the same as regular ol' gas? And the charges are run on a grid using fossil fuels anyway that's only benefit is 'economy of scale'?  Maybe Japan was right with the hydrogen vehicles.
It's bad enough we don,t have enough charging  stations and the  grid is not up for these stations now that want to charge use for them. E.v are bad for are climate and are safety grinds in the United States
30 bucks for ~150 miles. That's substantially more expensive than fueling a gas guzzling truck... Yikes.
Great content.  Thanks for showing the app and how you used it.  If you own a Tesla and have the Tesla app I'm assuming you don't need to "add" your vehicle to the app.  It just charges the usages to the card on file.
I could not imagine my parents trying to figure this out. In my personal opinion I think EV's are a great idea for a specific group of person right now. In the future hopefully that changes and it becomes easier and faster to charge.
Nice. Props on high fiving the guy from State of Charge. I subbed his channel some time ago. Thanks for this drop.
Moneys in a Tesla bag 🎒
As a Tesla owner, this sucks.  Superchargers are already full, without offbrand EV’s.  Now they’re gonna be packed.
I love how a fellow YouTuber in a similar genre totally destroyed your name...  In British English, a marquee is a large, commercial tent used in outdoor events of a social or commercial nature. A marquis is a European nobleman who ranks below a duke and above a count, the title of marquis is a hereditary title. In Great Britain and in Ireland, the spelling is marquess.  His name is MKBHD to you, good sir...
Not sure why Americans don't use leads and plugs instead of the entire charger set up?
I think a cable extender as tesla retrofits more stations might be necessary
Ahhh the joy of gasoline 😂
I don't have an issue where I live and travel to with EA 350kwh charger availability but I understand that others do. Access to tesla superchargers will be great for everyone I just hope that evs that can't charge past 100kwh no longer take the 150 and 350kwh stalls. Probably the biggest annoyance I've had.
Hmm My focus got 350+ miles for 33 dollars worth of gas  and it only took 5 min please tell me again how electric is the future seeing that the charger uses gas and coal to run it
When I look in the Tesla app & look at the non Tesla area *MOST* have "🔒Private", so my nearest available for non Tesla charging is 13.60 miles away with 6 of 6 Available is Galleria Park Hotel 191 Sutter St. San Francisco, I have to cross a bridge to get into S.F. and I guess it's probably a Destination Charger, I hope Tesla owners don't freak out too bad, this is very minor so far. I'm guessing there is also CCS charging available at this location anyway, so this is probably not a plus yet, now I'm going to search YT for Destination Chargers for non Tesla owners.
So much bs for skimping on cable length
wow you at westchester?
So, it costs $30 for going from 30% to 85%, which is 55% charge for the truck. Thats sounds expensive, I guess its the cost of convenience and charge speed which people will have to get used to. It seems that price point makes it comparable to an ICE truck which can also fill up faster for $30. Looks like we are losing one of the biggest advantages of the EVs already which was operational cost with this approach.
Please keep the super slow charging Chevy Bolt and other 50kw cars away from super chargers. It makes sense for the revenue gains for Tesla this opens them up to, hopefully it can fund even more super charger stations.
So, longer charging cables... problem solved?
So it would be around $80 to charge....the same cost as filling up a vehicle that gets poor gas mileage, example new Ford Bronco.  The vehicles costs $20k or more.  Low emissions when driving vs gas powered but huge emission during mining and decomission....what is the benefit....I'm not against EVs but I don't see them as anything but a lifestyle change...which is fine
This been happening in Europe for some time. A little imagination and patience and people can charge their non Tesla EVs.
This was a nice video.
You know Teslas can charge on both sides rite … so it wouldn’t matter what side you back up to a charger.
Jesus those are quite expensive!
this is a nice camera, what is it?
This problem can be easily solved with an extension cable
Pricey at 49 c/kWh.  Does Tesla sell premium-grade electricity with techraline?  E-A chargers cost ~30 c/kWh and can charge faster (350 kW vs 250 kW for Tesla SC).  Home charging at night costs 8 c/kWh in much of U.S.  Your Rivian gained ~115 mi range for $30, or 26 c/mi.  A 30 mpg gas vehicle costs 11.3 c/mi ($3.40/gal in NY).  Supercharging your Rivian is like paying $7.82/gal on trips, not "cheaper driving".  Better to rent a gas vehicle for trips.
Wait am I crazy or did he just say $30 to go from 30-80% charge? It costs me less than $35 to fill my civic after driving further than the full range of the R1T. I thought it would be significantly cheaper to charge an electric car, so I'm extremely surprised it turns out to be more expensive.
It defaulted to Africa because lat/long 0,0 is in the Atlantic Ocean just south of Ghana.  Many maps will default there if they fail to retrieve your current location.
I dot. Know why it delfaulted to Africa 😂
Charging standards so we need less chargers, is a good thing, like the usb-c standard coming to iPhone
I feel that tesla should have addressed this either with cable length or made specific all EV chargers apart from the rest of the tesla chargers.  The latter sounds spoiled and I understand that.  But if you have 4 lightnings or rivians pull into a 8 stall supercharging station no teslas will fit.  Being they can't precondition makes things worse as they will take longer than teslas.  I realize that particular scenario probably will not happen for a while because there are not many people road tripping rivians or lightnings compared to teslas.  However its going to cause fights and vandalism of cars.  Most humans I think are alright but there is still a huge numbers of not so great humans.  Hence the trash I see on the ground around superchargers far more often than I thought I would.
It's interesting to compare the cost of charge in this video to gasoline alternative. The truck shows 88 miles at 30% and the increase to 85% charge is stated to cost $30. this works out to about 3 miles per percent charge or 165 miles of range for the $30 (5.5 miles per dollar). At the time of this post gas according to google maps is around $3.50/gallon in Brewster NY which means a similar vehicle in the same conditions would need to get roughly 20 mpg (5.5 miles/$ x 3.5 $/gallon = 19.25 miles/gallon) to match fuel cost. I do want to note that this is far from an optimal comparison scenario for the electric car because of weather conditions, greater cost of electricity for a fast charger vs home charging, and it ignores the greater maintenance costs of internal combustion vehicles. Also there's a lot of extrapolating going on.  Still, it's a little funny how the numbers came out because a 2022 3.3L EcoBoost 4x4 F150 is rated 20mpg combined.
This is going to be a CLUSTER!
i just saw someone today at the gas station trying to refuel their tesla 💀
Because of the way the stalls are positioned, I could park my ID.4 (or any other non Tesla EV with the charge port on the rear passenger side or front driver side of the car) in the parking spot and use the charger that is on the left side of the spot, but wouldn’t doing so throw off the organization of the stalls and parking spots. I’m assuming doing so would piss a lotta people off lol.
So, i need the Tesla app, in case i don´t have a Tesla, with an Tesla account to make it possible to use the Tesla chargers?
Here's a thought-- why are EV automakers designing charging points with old school gas lid covers?  I think Rivian's swivel lid is a great solution as it allows for easy access.   However why can't the charging point be dead center front or back? Or maybe Tesla will design a longer cord with retractable pulley like a gas station so that cars can park further away ?   And a second thought why not double chargers per super charger?  This way you could use left or right side for charging and two vehicles could access one charger simultaneously
Great video! My question, I know Tesla had to step up with the "retrofits" via the White house but, what if they had not been told to do so? All of the other EV's would have to charge at a "Universal" or specific station correct? Tesla designed the stations for Tesla's, as did Rivian,Lucid,Ford, GM etc.  Looking at the retrofits, they did a nice job in my opinion and I doubt they will make structure changes to current stations. Just my thoughts as I watched the video. I am sure they will address this issue in future layouts. Again, nice job Marques,well presented!
I love seeing marques out in the public with your average Joe :) is a nice type of video from you
As a shareholder, this makes me happy. As a Tesla driver, I have concerns.
Anyone know if the cable would reach on an ioniq 5?
If you have a Tesla and non-Tesla, I presume you still need to join the $12.99/mo membership to charge the non-Tesla. Is that assumption correct?
To summarize: Good start, needs optimizing.
2.50 for 12 miles?!?!???
Someone neeeds to make extention cables for those....  So the F150 and others can reach...
It would be so much easier if the OEMs stopped being so proud and use the north american standard. But they don't like elon so they make their consumers suffer.
Watching this it seems the charge port door design on the F-150 is a bad design.  The door shouldn’t swing open like that as it could block any charging cable from the front.  The door should swing up, then it’s out of the way for any charger and any cable.
v4 with longer cables are really needed. 😁
it defaulted to Africa because the app is racist
They need to retrofit a longer cable, taking up 2 bays is ridiculous, but also pulling the cable like that even like that is gonna damage cables and battery flaps if they're having to stretch the cable like the State of Charge guy had to do.
Manufacturers should rather adapt to Tesla's already developed charging network, with their new cars and the placement of chargeport.
Couldn't you simply back up to the charger instead of pulling up to it, then your charge port would be on the back and it would then mirror how Tesla owners charge so that you are not worrying about taking up two spaces?
tesla could make a business solely on making reliable networks of chargers for all ev's
Probably a game changer in the US, but where I live, we have tons on Ionity, Shell and Fastned chargers that are right besides the highway (at petrol stations). The Tesla superchargers all need a little detour, so in the (almost) year that Tesla opened up their network in the Netherlands, I have not used them once.
Question, could a power extension cord become a staple for non Tesla users?  Prolly be $200-300 cable but let’s be honest, for these EV’s that’s a drop in the bucket.
I appreciate that the Magic dock is new, and unique to the US, but the issue of Tesla allowing non-Tesla vehicles to use Tesla chargers is not new - it has been going on in Europe for months, so we have experience and data on this already.  Some thoughts on this:  1. Tesla updated the navigation software to allow to you filter in / out Tesla super chargers accessible to non-Tesla vehicles, so if this bothers you as a Tesla driver, you can just filter these out and you never have to worry. 2. Tesla has only put locations on their open to non-Tesla network which are not super busy; essentially, they have looked at where they have some spare capacity, and opened that up 3. Yes, the layout of charger positions is not optimal form many non-Tesla vehicles, Tesla stated last night during investor day that new V4 terminals would have longer cables.
As a non EV person, I'm curious. Are there no extension cables available, which you can buy and carry in your trunk?
KISS principle extension cord
Is there a way to have some sort of aftermarket cable extension component drivers can carry?  I don’t have an EV so I don’t know much about charging but carrying a 6ft cable doesn’t seem like a huge deal if it was possible.
Tesla move chargers to middle of space with longer cables since they are no longer exclusive to Tesla Vehicles
Fun fact: Tesla Superchargers were available to other EV's in Europe now for over 2 years.  So to say it's "the first time ever" is only correct if you live in the United States.
I don't know man, this E.V thing seems abit a pain in the butt especially the repair on them and getting screwed over from the dealership. im just gonna wait until I see E.V. charging stations on every corner like gas stations are. Hate to have range anxiety. Then maybe ill build me a E.V or get one cheap
Great video,simply put they need longer cords for the chargers with adapters,so that the proper charger can be used and not affect the Tesla next to it.
I'm not saying that I'm about to give the Best idea, BUT it's a good one that would work. Rivian and the other non-Teslas need to sell an extension cable. Or Tesla needs to sell an extension cable for non-Teslas. Boom! Win win. Profits and usability.
BTW, all of this have been happening fine (I presume without much conflict) in Europe for a longer time.
Was I the only one that thought the first 3 seconds of this video was at 1.5x speed? That was the fastest "Hey whats up guys, MKBHD here". Guaranteed down to the millisecond...
Is that good news for Tesla Owners ?
Yeah we know, you can do it now in the north they’re testing it out…  but cool video, nice truck!
Definitely some food for thought for this potential ev buyer. Excellent video as always.
"I'm kibishi here"
devolved into chaos really?  Welcome to media. Liar.
I see several cars from NJ, why not use the NJ Turnpike with their high powered charging stations? I would think that's much closer???
Tesla said on investor day they are aware and focused on installing longer cables.
Who made you so rich?
not a tesla problem, i think it is the others to have to adapt....
30 bucks to go from 30% to 85% I think is the bigger deal here to. Its not cheaper to go electric unless you have solar at your house its actually more expensive now which is unfortunate. Especially when the electric vehicles are more expensive as well.   Guess I'll be hybriding it as long as they allow it
That's i don't like any EV charging is big issue if you not home owner and always have to plan for charging route than filling up at anywhere.
1:34 😂😂 …. Elon be laughing right now
Cable is way to short
Thanks for this great video. I’ve been wondering how they were going to make this work and seeing it in action is really interesting.   We have a couple of great Tesla superchargers here (CA central coast) but not converted for non-Tesla yet. I think it’s good that they’re rolling out slowly so they can discover issues like this. Seems like a slightly longer cable would solve most problems without introducing the “cable dragging on the ground and getting run over” problem. Then they could go to a retractable cable support so it would reach to either side of the car. Maybe not as cool looking but it would solve all these problems.   I have a Mach e with the charge port front left like the Lightning so a small cable lengthening would work for me.
Red Rivian R1T owner here - did you wrap yours with a matte wrap?!  You might be the first to do so in this rare color!
Wow, normal human interaction and not scripted is such a w
All for the ev future, got me a r1t coming but that's still stupid expensive to charge away from home. Not against capitalism everyones gotta make a buck. Still good to see  chargers expanding, learning curve for sure. I'll be sticking with my solar and dedicated secondary mains house connection. In a pinch maybe I'll pay for the convenience but that's a big maybe
They just need to have the equivalent of Costco gas pumps, where they’re long enough to go on either side
Modify the Tesla docking station with a longer cable. It's already modified to include charging adapter.
The only person missing was Rich Rebuids.
Also you said you went from 30 to 85% charge for about $30, how many miles did it give you?
Is there a feedback mechanism which Tesla and non-Tesla drivers can tell Tesla about their experiences at these retrofitted stations?
The white lines on the ground should be painted diagonally, to allow for the front charger ports to plug in and will allow for Tesla's to back into it
Tesla can hopefully throttle demand by rising rates for non-Teslas during peak times.
This is amazing news.
Marques, You never showed how you take care of payment. How does it work?
It's great to see everyone being nice and polite about it all. Unfortunately there will be some drivers who aren't so nice. I have to admit that the Charging infrastructure is one of the biggest  hurdles to me going to an EV. The others being price and range. We will see what the future holds.
Awesome video man! Nice chill calm vibe with these :)
The F150 guy was very realistic. I expect to see more Superchargers out of service once the common folk discover this. They'll tug on that cable till it fits, or till it breaks. Tesla should exclude cars that don't have viable charging positions beforehand to prevent disappointed customers.
I think eventually a Tesla Supercharge station, they would have to separate non Teslas and have them park a different area so the parking wouldn’t be so inconvenient.
My stance on tesla was slightly negative, but after this video now I'm 100% opposed to it because they are splitting Morocco into two, it's a single country, not half a country and a piece of sand.
Loved your video 🔥🔥🔥
Teslas, and non Teslas Sounds like iPhones, and non iPhones😂
what if you have a Tesla and a non-tesla, do you need to make a new account for your non-tesla vehicle? Or can you just use your Tesla account to charge your non-tesla?
Me: "hey that looks like the "outofspec" review location.." It is. Then "A F150 lightning...could it be tom?" It was. HAHAHAHA My 7 degrees of youtubers. Now I need someone to connect my pop culture subs with tech or cars.
When you run into other youtube creators in the wild, 1. do they tend to know who you are? 2. do they fan boy out? 3. I'd hope that they realize how much a feature/shout out is worth and don't ever ask for it
Is not up to Tesla to optimize this experience is up to the other manufacturers they should feel lucky Elon is even thinking about opening the Tesla grid
Weird having a crossover of my tech (MKBHD) and EV (Tom from State of Charge) YT
a good idea will be to make the cable longer and retractable
More vlogs .....!!!!
Tesla will have to change the parking layout of their chargers. Maybe just like how Electrify America has their parking charging layout where you can pull in or reverse in depending on where your charge port is so that you don’t have to stretch the cable and you don’t have to occupy another parking space. Otherwise, Tesla allowing non Teslas to charge is a game changer. As soon as it becomes available in my area I will have more choices of charging stations and I would likely use  Tesla charging stations for my non Tesla EV since it is closer to my house. This is bad news for other charging companies. Tesla will earn my business even though I don’t own one. Big game changer!
Wait, somehow, the difficulties of non Tesla cars charging at super chargers are Tesla's fault?
People management for these parking spots are going to be interesting…maybe an EV valent will help 😅😂 jk as a UX designer this will be an lovely opportunity to improve the user experience
Charging stations should be like vending machines. Anyone can buy one, and put it wherever they can arrange to do that. If the Billionaires would let go of the whole charging infrastructure program, and let it go tothe masses as free enterprise, this country would be CARPETED with Chargers just like it's blanketed with Starbucks.
I wonder if just longer cables can help here.
This idea wasnt even thought through. Tesla is just chasing money they dont need. This was a very bad idea for Tesla to give away their only clear advantage to their competition.
$30 and 30 minutes... I'm 20 miles down the road... Not convenient for a working truck at all
That market for extension cables and adapters could see a decent short term increase.
.49/kwh?!?  Wow. Cost is about .58/mile...  almost double the cost of an ICE vehicle?!?
The F150 having the charge port a metre away from the front is so dumb. That would require ALL chargers to have needlessly long cables.
I'm a Tesla owner and I like what Elon is trying to do here but it does worry me as far as road trips.
I will say that I was immediately impressed with the video quality as Marques started this video.  Was surprised to see it was on the iPhone 14 Pro even with all the new phoens that had come out recently.
This is a major L for Tesla owners.... I've had to wait for charging on half my road trips with just Teslas.... Opening this to all evs will be brutal. Admin better give 100% of charging funding to Tesla as they're the only competent company in this sphere. I've tried 3rd party charging stations, every. Single. Time. They've been broken or charged at 1/4th the rate.
Watching this as a non-vehicle owner lol
Curious as to how far out of your way you had to go to get to that Supercharger?
Tesla just needs to change out the  charging cable , add 3 more feet and no issues
Elon is a Beast!
Neat, but yeah, a longer cable needs to be part of the non-Tesla-charging upgrade process for Superchargers.
I'm watching for the content knowing I'll never be able to afford that truck. 😂
Was this shot on an iPhone?
Pretty soon every Youtube video will just be channel owners standing in line, waiting for their chance to use a spot for their own content.
11.36 why are your door handles pulled out?
this video just proves how iphones are just good at recording videos
I think this is a game changer.  This is what is needed.  Tesla has some of the best charging infrastructure.  And there are some excellent non-Tesla vehicles out there.  Combining the two is a great idea.... they just need to sort the logistics.
Non Tesla users may need to buy or carry an extension?
Imagine if we said “Filling my Ford up at a Toyota station” this would lunacy yet EVs in America are like that. Without a mandate for universal charging ports, we’re setting up a hellscape
The charger at the end seems to be designed for that...its positioned on the side so you don't take up booths..
You could have moved farther left.
I still don‘t get how the manufacturers didn‘t agree to one standard for the side at which the charging port has to be located. Just like with Micro-USB, USB-C and Lightning, different standards for the same task only result in problems and a lot of waste at some point. We really need regulated standards at the beginning of new technologies before different companies establish their own proprietary and incompatible solutions.
Have you tried Filmic Pro and DoubleTake where you can record using both cameras at the same time?
We should talk about how electric cars are basically on hold because they cant get the components due to shortage or lets about taking a day off work to fill your car up or how the cost of a battery being produced and transported is way more costly than petrol.
Charging option on Tesla supercharger for all kind of EV's are awesome, but...if I would still had my Tesla and pulled in into a charger and most of those chargers would not be usable because they are blocked like you blocked that stall next to you I would be furious. If they do unlock all of them, they better extend the cables and/or limit non-tesla cars to 20 min. charging sessions. Going from Chicago to some parts of MI around holidays or nice weekends I already had to wait in lines to charge and all stalls were occupied by tesla cars, can't imagine none tesla cars talking all 10 spots and chaging using only 5.
so essentially people are just going to make those adapters and sell them.
I'm waiting to see an F150 using 3 spots to plug it
Needs to be set up like a regular gas station.
Can an extension cable be carried for those times when that parking situation presents itself?
Yo the random YouTuber meetup at the charging station was sick!
Curious, if you parked right in the middle of the charger would the cord reach. I've seen places where the chargers where in the middle of each spot. Could this be solved for many cases with the lines simply redrawn so the charger is directly in the middle of each spot?
As a black man, the first part of the video where the charge map starts in Africa, made me laugh and want to answer MKB's question with "it's because you're black" hahaha
$ 30 for 50% of charge, which is 157 miles in Rivian, is more expensive than for regular gas trucks for the same range.
Wouldn't a load of this be avoided by just making the charger cable a load longer?
I bought a Model 3 last year and the Supercharger network was a big part of that decision (I was comparing to the upcoming EV6 at the time). If I had even known that Tesla would be opening up Superchargers to non-Tesla EVs, it would have changed that calculation. I don’t know if it would have definitely put me in an EV6 instead, but the decision would have been a lot closer.  As far as opinions of a Tesla owner having to share charging with non-Tesla owners: I actually welcome them. I’m not a Tesla brand loyalist and I’m interested to see and hear about any EV, so maybe this will be a good chance to talk with non-Tesla owners and compare experiences. And I don’t mind at all waiting or shuffling to let other people in, it’s the courteous thing to do, and we’re all in the same boat here.  Plus, I think this will provide some motivation for the Electrify Americas and EvGOs to get their S together and make their networks competitively reliable and easy to use, which since I have the CCS adapter, will open up more DCFC options for me.  Tesla has some time to roll out upgrades and changes to their Superchargers before there’s enough non-Tesla EVs in the US to start really causing congestion at most Superchargers anyway.
I’m glad, I bought a petrol car 😅
Park on the other side in the snow. It's a truck lol
Happy other cars are able to charge but this could be a nightmare for Tesla owners. There are charging stations in my area where Teslas are forming long lines. I don’t know if people will be too happy with Non-Teslas blocking up two spots. They need to start selling extension chords to non-teslas.
Sideways charging stations... It's kind of already a thing...
"Hey what's up y'all I'm kibishi here..." youtube captions are so hit or miss 🤣
That's the best thing Tesla can do. Honestly they probably should just can the cars and concentrate on building a charging network for all electric cars. I hate electric cars but I still think this would be a great idea if they want electric to truly succeed.
Tesla was the standard. The best standard. Tesla made that standard available. Ludicrous the other manufacturers are so different.
is that a cat im hearing at 10:30
That’s why I think EVs should have multiple charging ports. One on every corner would probably not be necessary, but it can’t cost that much to put a second port on the other front corner for edge cases like this.
I feel like the Tesla charging network was one of the biggest selling points for buying a Tesla over any other EV. In theory, other cars using Tesla superchargers isn’t a big deal, but seeing that the other cars have to park differently, block multiple chargers, and overstretch the cables, seems like this will upset a lot of Tesla owners.
do you think Tesla is limiting output to 150kW for non-Teslas?
Guess Tesla could put in slightly longer cables.
The biggest issue I see, is that 3rd party cars will block stalls, that the Tesla Navigation thinks are free, due to the position of the charging port.  I am all for open infrastructure, but Tesla needs to adjust the stalls to be fool-proof, and maybe provider longer cables to prevent stalls from being blocked.
I hope you are upgrading to Porsche Taycan now.
I'm mostly concerned about the inability to know how many chargers are actually available and useable. The flap on the F150 is hilarious
Why did they make the cables so freaking short xdd
Awesome vid and a great warning to know! As someone who is looking into EVs and I see you still have the rivian!!! I am definitely working towards rivian!
Why aren't charging ports standardized? Because they should be
So it cost $30 for 50% charge? That’s getting into gas per mile cost isn’t it?
For some odd reason I don't see you in my feeds anymore...
Not ideal - but could non-teslas have some sort of 2-4” extension cord?
Loved it when the other guys showed up. How cool. Need longer cables on each charger. Remember how gas pumps have long pull down hoses that can reach to the opposite side of the car? Same concept might work
It’s already bad enough that Tesla owners will have to deal with higher traffic at the charging station. Now on top of that we will have to deal with a charger not being able to be used aka double parking taking up a total of 2 stalls. So you can’t get access to a stall. I just don’t understand if Tesla is going to do this and go to the trouble of adding a dock. Why not just go ahead and add a longer cable. That way you solved the problem of double stall parking.
@MKBHD--only thing I don't like about your Auto Focus videos is that the Audio can be wayyyyyy too high on the bass end. Any way to EQ these before posting?
Don't expect tesla to roll this out at any popular locations until they install longer cables.
Couldn’t it be fixed with a longer roll out cable?
elon musk is like you didn't buy a tesla.. you ain't suppose to use our chargers..  LOL  great way to kick start the EV revolution...
great timing!!
The R1T really needs a charging port in the front and the back. Trucks are easier to back in to spots but I can see where the front connection would be helpful if the truck bed is loaded up.
Yeah, Tesla Bjorn talked about non-Teslas charging at Tesla Superchargers and the whole parking issue.  He has a couple of videos: "How to park EVs with front charge port at Tesla supercharger", "How to park your BMW at Tesla supercharger" and "Tesla opening up supercharger network for other cars" where he discusses the issues.  You really need to have access to both sides of the Supercharger as they are doing in Norway.  The new stations will have to have a re-designed layout and they may even have to do some re-arranging of existing stations.
Tesla is telling u u're north African  🤣
😂 that’s an ev mess
Tesla owners really do give you a side eye when you charge a different vehicle with the Tesla chargers
This is absolutely fucking ridiculous 🙄  You would think they would thought it out better?
Bro what the heck. How do I get my iPhone 14 pro footage to look nearly this good. The selfie footage is insane. what the heck?
The clear message here is buy a Tesla.
Man, this iPhone camera is sick. I was counting molecules on your forehead the entire video!
Tesla will have a section for Non Tesla's. Simple. Yes the Non Teslas will be a cluster fuck. But keep on complaining about Tesla sharing its charging network.
watching all this makes me dislike evs even more
Mar-keys lol. Must be how car people pronounce your name 🔑🔑
I still think we should standardize on Tesla's tech.  It works.  It's reliable.  It's trust worthy.  Fix the cable reach issues and we're good to go!
Longer cables, problem solved. I also think Tesla is solving a problem it created. No reason to use a proprietary connector. Kind of like Apple with their lightning connector
I love how Rivian owners are amazed when something just works.
It defaulted to Africa because it's the new update. Tesla is partnering up with BacieElectric to set up Testla chargers in Africa, they are starting with South Africa then Nigeria  Beautiful isn't it... The future is Now
As a Tesla owner, I'm hoping this will fund Tesla to install many more supercharging networks.
I feel like Tesla is doing this to make use of the charging stations that are set up in kinda rural areas and are not really used by Tesla owners daily. Like the one he showed in this video, most of the people who came here are to make a video of it, without them it would be an empty charging station. I don't expect them to implement this to the more busy stations because it would just ruin the experience of Tesla owners which is not a good idea for Tesla.
Thanks for sharing…I see the potential, but you did well highlighting the issues that Tesla will need to address as they continue developing this experience for all EV drivers.  And while we all figure this out, let’s be nice to each other out there! 🙂🚙
Tesla is adding longer cables for all the OEM who got creative in placing their charging ports.
The easier it is to charge the more EVs will be adopted the more EVs are adopted the more charge points will be created.  Rest assured that any opportunity to generate revenue will be exploited to the maximum by these companies (and why not!).   So sure, right now there will be lines but I suspect Tesla and others will extend their charge parks.  As well as these specialized facilities that have restaurants while you charge, genius idea.
I never liked the fact that Tesla promoted the electric car, but then designed the networks solely for their vehicles. It did nothing to help the electric car advance to the main stream by locking everyone out. And now all their supercharger locations are designed specifically for their cars with the charge port in the rear tail light. So one problem is solved you can use a CCS connector, but now the cord length and positioning of the chargers presents another.
Nice about it. 🤣.   Worldstar! 😂🤣
To imagine that other ev manufacturers did not have to abide by any rules when placing their charge port on their vehicles is just appalling. Was their no one to regulate this?
As an owner of 2 Tesla's this is just stupid. I haven't been to a regular charger so I have no clue, but  what is it like there. Are the cables longer or something because where these charge ports are on these other cars is j ust stupid at least for using at a supercharger the way they are setup. I think this is going to cause a lot of issues with Tesla owners being pissed that someone is using 2 spots or having to go over spots to get the cord to fit. Its just dumb. We need a charging infrastructure created maybe by all car companies or at least a lot. The government has to stay out of it otherwise they will screw it up and make it even worse than t his setup.
GREAT VIDEO BUT WHY NOT JUST LONGER CABLES LIKE IN GAS STATIONS?
Is your R1T matte wrapped?
Longer cablers would definitely work, but in this case it looks like parking in between two spots would make it easier for the car next to reach the charging cable. Not for the ford. That car is huge and it would probably have used the side charging point.   BTW in Europe all superchargers are using this bigger connector so no need for the big adapter solution.
Should make a trip to Texas Buc-ee's near Austin. it has about 70 something chargers.
Some work to do for other legacy automaker move the charge port to the back or front to match all SC charging 😅
The conclusion also there is that the lightning can only use the pull through spot
Taking 2 spots is unacceptable if the place is full.  That is what EA stations are for.
Sounds like a market opportunity for CCS extension cords.
Hopefully people will be nice about it? Your in NY, that's not how that'll work out for sure.
$0.49 per kWh translates to $7.35-$9.8 per 60 miles or 100km (EV usually takes 15-20 KWh per 60miles or 100km)
Ratcheting hose reel style extended cables. Done
That is why it's in testing mode. They will probably modify it to the extended cable and the problem gets solved. But the Tesla experience with available spots to charge may get worse in a meantime .
Nice to see Tom!
If tesla keeps rolling out more charging stations, then either tesla needs a redisign of charging units, or maybe it would be up to non-teslas to redesign there cars to accommodate tesla chargers in order to improve customer experience.
Just install longer cables, no?
You could have parked on the end space that you pointed to, and illustrated that you would not be affecting teslas.
2" lol
It's nice to have options.  Too bad the Tesla Superchargers are so slow.
🤨🤔
I'm actually surprised you're allowed to charge your own car in NJ.
Longer cables? Just like a normal fuel pump..
How’s your truck in the snow?
Yeesh. $30 sounds like a lot for just 55% increase. I can't recall it ever costing more than $20 to charge my Tesla. What is the difference in rate between Teslas and non-Teslas?
Tesla will sell extension cables for non teslas
I don't get why Tesla made those cables so short... They should lengthen them a bit.
I hate sharing the charger with non Tesla vehicles
A couple of things - this has already been available in Europe/Australia, starting with a small group of about 10 of their least busiest sites and gradually expanding. From what I can see they don’t enable it at busy sites.  They do sometimes apply for government funding where the condition is that the site is open to all EVs (fair enough - public money being used) so in that case, Tesla owners get the benefit of additional superchargers they would have never had previously. The other thing is that at Tesla Investor Day it was mentioned that V4 sites have a different form factor and will have longer cables, so that’s a good thing for new sites going forward at least.
Could use some refinements, but a great step nonetheless
Tesla privatizing electric chargers was the problem from the jump, took government funding to privatize chargers only for their customer use. They should have had this available for all to use
During yesterdays  Investor Day held at at Giga Texas in Austin Tesla said they are opening all Tesla charging units to all  EVs AND extending each charging cord to 6 meters ( 19+') or was it 3 metrs? so vehicle positioning wont be such an issue. I'm pretty sure I heard all Tesla charging units will be upgraded and multiple EV manufacturers will be able to charge. I own the stock but no EV so I was kind of listening while doing other things.
If they changed the parking lot format and put the chargers in the middle of the lot, itd give you access to both sides of the charger. I think that would solve the front to back charging.   As far as the lightning? They are gonna need to make the cord like 3% longer 😅
Tesla's can charge at 250kwh. So shouldn't the rivian charge at that rate too?
What a mess. This is what happens when you force a technology. I think EVs are neat, but the cost of the vehicle and hassle with charging makes it not worth it.
I think Ford really muffed the access panel design on the Lightning; the sheer size of the access door limits any attempt to charge from the front.  For a company moving into the electric sector they obviously have a lot to learn.
They should only allow cars that fit the right spot and only one spot
I’m surprised it took this long for them to implement this. Teslas strongest asset is their charging network. It provides a solid incentive to buy their vehicles, for sure. But it’s also how they win on every EV sale period. They own the charging network.
I stopped there yesterday too, thanks to Out of Spec Reviews!  Charged my e-golf twice on 1A, which I'd say was the most convenient for a non Tesla... I had to remove some of that snow bank though!
The unlock was so quick between you sending the message to unlock it and it actually unlocking. Like no delay. Wow!
Or they could just make all their charging cables longer. Problem solved
I wonder if Tesla or another manufacture could make a Charge Extension Cord that non Tesla EVs could buy to solve this problem. Maybe moving forward Tesla could modify new charge stations is this is the plan moving forward. Great video love the red R1T. I don't think I've ever seen one in the wild that color.
1:34 👀😆
Is it possible to get an extension cable?
I think its best in Europe since the plug same across all EV.
If you pulled into 1A you would only occupy 1 space. However, that style of charging lane is not available at all charging locations. Maybe non Tesla users need to have their own extension cords.
I would like to see all EV car manufacturers reach an agreement on where the charging port should be and that would make it a lot more convenient for all users.
I will consider buying an EV when there is no more video like this.
the audio quility is amazing  1)is this still shot on a phone ? 2)with or without exernal MIC
It's certainly a good start, once that I'm sure they will refine.
Sounds like an easy fix, retrofit a couple of the charging stations with a longer charging cable for non Teslas??
I am happy that finally a company that knows how to design, build and optimize EV charging has started to open up their exclusive network to all us disadvantaged CCS EV vehicles,  thank you Tesla! Without your network we would still be out in the dark unreliable CCS space, and worried if we could actually make a long distance road trip. As to all the CCS providers you need to up you game, not only on reliability, availability but also improve your charger experience, learn from Tesla on how to make EV charging so simple! Great YouTube!
Could you have pulled into the 1A slot and just not pulled all the way into the stall?  Similar to what the car did but try to park more parallel.
What are the chances that folks will argue or physically fight because non-Tesla drivers will use a Supercharger *AND* take up two stalls.
Now this is great news reporting. Great job Marquees! keep us informed.
More like this MK.  And thank you!
I feel like this is a great opportunity for a cable extender accessory Tesla now can sell and create an additional revenue stream from. I’m sure it’s in the books already.
“Charge your Non-Tesla” way to shame you 🤣😂
Tesla has already announced they are putting in longer cables for this exact reason at investor day.
Nice of Tesla not to pull an Apple and close off their entire Eco system
Manufactures can hand shake it and start putting their charge ports ideally on the back driver side or I guess front passenger side?
the video quality's insane
Since you're taking 2 spots, you should be paying double.  I'm a Tesla person.  It's clear to me that Musk doesn't really care about his owners as he is giving up  a huge advantage to owning a Tesla.  I might be moving back to a ICE when it's time to replace my car.
How do other fast chargers solve these issues (especially cable length)? I know there's an ionity fast charging network in Europe and since they cater to all different types of EVs they must have some sort of solution. Tesla could just copy that if it's any good.
Woah I live right near Brewster.  I could have been one of those cars passing by.
interesting ... fights may break out when tesla owenrs think they have priority over other non-teslas
Is Marques a black or white guy ?
At investor day 2023 they mentioned that the new V4 universal chargers will have longer cables and they're pioneering them in Europe first.
I know this is a problem we never thought we would have, but I think it's a good problem to have. The solution to this is going to be game-changing the EV industry.
still baffling to me why, in a country where towing is rather common, almost all charging stations are not pass-through
Does tesla use air cooled or liquid cooled cables? Cables are so expensive to just replace and make longer. I thought tesla would only add the magic dock to certain stations
Fun fact, it defaults to Africa because that is Null Island, the 0, 0 location in lat long used for web mapping. It just tried to load the map before it loaded your location.
Damn, I'm really old. On my channel, I'm changing the gear oil in my 2016 F165.
10:51 when you see this and think about it, Ford had no reason to design the charging hatch like that. They should of just sticked with how every car has their gas hatch.
About parking spaces - in Europe, newly built chargers have different parking grid to accommodate differently positioned charging ports
Does it default location to Africa for everyone?
Who is selling power cable extensions?
Tom's a really nice guy. Check out his channel in the description.
Sigh.. and this is why petrol cars will still exist in the next 5-10 years. Someone needs to come up with standard ports for these things. Or wireless charging
video quality was great 👍
Wait so the chokepoint here is actually your phone? Not great.  Charge a non-Tesla, but don't forget your phone and be good at downloading new apps and navigating them on the fly when you're stressed and in a hurry. And hope nothing goes wrong.
Very interesting that you ran into the guy from State Of Charge.
Marquis?!
This is going to trigger Tesla fan boys. Inferior EVs charging next to their precious Elon EV.
Brewster is in no way "Rural" it's a MAJOR hub to the rest of lower New York. That station is going to be packed now that Telsa's opened the network up.
This is when the government needs to get envolved. When standards are needed.
Tesla should make extentable cable that click like a gas pump
Increases the value of Tesla and all EVs
If this happens with 5-6% electric cars, imagine with 100%. Its just not the right way, it non-viable even in the future let's stop pretending.
They might need to go gas station style. Instead of the weird way they are currently situated
This is going to plummet the quality and availability of tesla chargers.  Staying away from ev’s even more, especially since tesla is only doing this because the government is forcing them to.
kind of feel like this is just showing there could be a customer base for aftermarket adapters and more importantly extension cords for chargers.  I mean, a 8 foot extension cord could fix every issue in the video and be a must have accessory for electric car owners.   Someone could be making money from this issue.
This has worked for us in Europe for a year now. Without any major issues.  Let's see if 'Murricans can figure it out, too.
I don't now how it's gonna end up if Tesla releases their vehicles & super charging network in India alongside with EVs from other brands.... For a densely populated country like India, Tesla have to really think about their strategy about Non-Tesla charging especially with their pricing. Afterall, India is a price sensitive market & $0.49 results in ₹40 per kWh which is kinda a lot
Definitely that Tesla supercharger setup needs dual ports and longer cables.  I've seen some supercharger locations with all pull through spots (Seaside, OR) that would be fine without any additional mods beyond the Magic Dock.
Can people get extension cables?
You are a really nice guy :)
How long before somebody comes out with an extension cord?
$30 to charge from 35 to 80% is that a little expensive?
this is pretty cool
the cable is not too short, the car was designed badly... stupid engineers🤣
Hmmm, would a radial pattern of parking work better?
They should probably just turn charging stations into the gas station model of business so cars could park parallel to the charger , But instead of a walk-in store , go for more of a cafe or deli .
If I drove a non-Tesla, I would buy a CCS extension cable to keep in the vehicle.
Can’t reach? Easy trade in your car for a Tesla 😂
I sub to SoC too and seeing M on it before I saw this video was a bit of a shock.   I was going to buy a Tesla last month but ended up getting a gas vehicle just because I’m not ready to adopt. I didn’t look into this charging sharing thing beforehand and would be livid if I had to share with non teslas. I guess Elon needs the money from blowing billions  on Twitter  (yes I know now, thanks to the SoC video that this was in the works for years).
Can’t they just make a roll pull cable
Welcome to Europe, where Superchargers are already open to the general public for a year.
I've lived in Watertown, New York.  I can not see me EVER  standing outside the car in the winter for that long waiting for it to charge.  There's a reason that lot was empty when you got there - "common sense."
That F150 is a RIDICOULOUS vehicle to be driving on the city. The bonnet (sorry hood for those in the states) is shoulder height. You can't see anyone less than 5 feet tall in front of your car. how is this crap legal? recharging woes are the last thing you should be worried about when driving this.
Not the app thinking you were in Africa 😂😂😂😂
This is like a couple steps forward, one step back kind of situation. Game changer for sure.. but there will be growing pains.
What if cable length it optimal for the charging speeds , and going with longer cable can affect charge rate.
Great Video and Crazy to have Marques and Tom at the same time testing charging their non-Tesla on the same video 👍👍
We have had this in Norway for a while now and it has made zero difference to my user experience as a Tesla driver. It was a bit concerning at first, but I think they have been throttling the number of non-tesla users who can use the very busy charging stations at a single time.
Were you shooting with the s23? Because somehow the quality was way better this time. I mean i could see the difference.
While it may be a new convenience, it also is a new complication for public charging.  Eventually there is going to have to be some standardization for charging methods as EVs proliferate.
Is it me or $30 for 30-80 kind of a lot? Like that's barely competitive with gasoline for a similarly sized truck.
As a Tesla owner it is a game changer. And I know they will build more charges so I’m not really worried about that. In Florida we really don’t get full chargers like other states. I do fear of a lot of the 50 kW EVs like the Chevy bolt sitting there for hours.
easily fixed by fitting a slightly longer cable, surely? Or am I missing something?
I wouldn't say that this is a major problem, as cars are different and they will fill the space like puzzles
My thought is just why isnt it that chargers are located as regular pumps are side by side so you could go any direction
I don't own an EV and am no expert by any means - couldn't you get short extention cords that are like 50 to a 100 inches long, just enough to get to where you need to get?
My guess is that Tesla is doing that move because they know that for example in Europe they will be forced sooner or later to follow a certain standard. A little bit like Apple is asked to have a USB-C port.
why are we thinking about charging the same way we thought about pumping gaz, EVs are all new tech,  we had gaz stations because we couldn't have oil at our houses, but now we have electricity at our houses, so why go to 'gaz stations' to fill up electricity, there should be a startup that help home owners to install a charger or two at their property, both for their own vehicle and to help them make extra cash by providing a charger for others who are arounf, kinda like and uber or a airbnb for charging, thinking of electricity the same way we think about cars is ridiculous
I think this is a great step for EVs as a whole but if this is what the experience is going to be like, then I think they need to go back to the drawing board and have some kind of extending charging cords, but that's going to cost them a lot more than just throwing the adapter onto the charger, so it'll be interesting to see how it plays out.
Tesla shouldn't change for knuckleheads. Buy Tesla or charge at home.
Amazing that Tom Moloughney would arrive at exactly that moment. Love it.
I haven't tried using any public chargers besides Tesla Supercharging. Are all of their cables longer than Tesla's? Maybe next gen non-Tesla EVs should consider moving their charge ports with consideration to cable lengths at public chargers and Tesla's network and let this generation just continue as-is.
Its not Tesla's fault for other auto-makers decision on Charging port and placement.    Tesla owners justing going to get upset for you picking a less superior vehicle.    All this could of been resolved with just everyone coming together and agreeing on one thing, but every comapny wanted to be special so, as the reult thats what you get.  Its the same as phone chargers Apple had there own plug and Android phones had their plugs
(I am a Tesla owner)... I will likely be a Tesla owner for the rest of my life and hope to replace my 2021 Model Y with a Cybertruck eventually, but a Rivian is definitely on my radar if the company can survive the next 5 years, and if the Tesla Network becomes open across the country, I might be buying a Rivian in 2030 or so.
Just from observation it would take too long and costly to retrofit the chargers with long cables but maybe just repainting the charging spots to accommodate different car figurations.   Don’t blame Tesla for bad manners and etiquette of the EV owners causing issues.   Ultimately they should expedite Tesla charge stand port and agree on a cable length. Gen 4 chargers have longer cable but won’t fix current state.   Be kind and considerate of other !
Looks like we need a list of which vehicles would even have the cable reach. Reach defined as not having to do what that f150 just did.
tesla have charging port both sides
RIP Electrify america
It defaulted to the center of the map projection which corresponds to the coordinates 0 in latitude and 0 in longitude.
Maybe Non-Tesla vehicles should add a port or change the port to the similar location of the the Tesla charge port?
Essentially Tesla is saving the ev industry.
Ugh, the chargers near me almost always have full stalls, usually have only one or two stalls open with Teslas, throw in everyone else's cars that knocks out two stalls and makes it even more crowded... Not a fan of this. Like that f150 guy I can see normal people just yanking on the cables and shoving it in and breaking the charger. Nope not a fan. I bought a Tesla for it's network, if we open it to other cars, give them one stall with a long cable and call it good.
now there's two type of EV's, those that have a charge port close enough to charge at superchargers and those who don't I must confess I have no idea what's the percentage
Charging fee is pretty expensive.
that lucid looks hot
Takes me 1.5 mins to recharge my gmc pick up and good for about 800km on highway.
Outstanding Tesla!
Can’t you just park directly over the parking line and then any type of car could charge at the station next to you? They just need to repaint the parking lines to fix the issue of taking up too many spots.
Maybe in 5 years I would consider buying one
Over half an hour to charge? Pass.
A 6’ or so CCS extender would solve this problem for most vehicles. Hopefully the aftermarket steps up and fills this need.
The lack of standardisation hurts the consumer
Too much Tesla videos. Most of your viewers don't have Teslas.
In every non Tesla an extension cord!
What?. Marquez, you Tim not recognise Tom? Amazing.
I love they added this feature  I think the bigger problems going to be  People stretching the cord and breaking the connector or tearing it Trying to force it to reach their car  Uh oh
This really breaks my heart. Come to my home country. Leadership do not think this way
Last night at Tesla Investors Day, they said they will be putting in longer cables at the charging stations.  So, hopefully that will remove alot of the worry.
It seems like extending the charging cord will solve most of that problem. Or have to charging cord per charging station and extended cord.
There are two solutions for that solution number one is to get longer cables and solution number two is to allow cars to park on both sides of the charter like in front and back of the charter so people can either reverse or go head on in the parking space, and be able to access the cord with both scenarios
OK Tesla , add 2ft of cable
Gas cars can fill up at any and every station....without an app, without an issue, and in 2 mins.
Now non-Tesla CCS chargers need to include built in Tesla adapters so we can charge there to make things fair. If a Lightning doesn't need to bring their own Tesla connector adaptor than a Tesla shouldn't have to buy a $250+ adapter to charge at CCS chargers.
All my GPS apps default to Africa, going to assume they are all using the same forked code.
the video quality on the 14 pro is so good
Don't people blur their license plate for a reason
Longer cables would solve most of the issues
Im so corny for this but the map looked like it showed africa
It cost $30 for the charge of the Rivian? What happened to the $10 charge that everyone is raving about?
No one really cares. 99% of Americans don’t drive electric and never will
might be a good idea to install them where there isn’t a lot of business, kind of open the gates for other cars to show up. I mean if Teslas are charging and the line is going down the road why would you need to install?
Parking problem can be solved by just Parking on a diagonal and not straight on.
Just buy a Tesla bruh. Why risk buying a car that can close its doors without notice?
“If I was a huge Tesla person”
no pixel
He is a fool. Is the cable too short for him? Didn't imagine that their car is wrong? Where are the Ford or Lucid charging networks with the long cables?
For people that don't know, Tesla can be charger on both sides.
You do know you set your car to go to a ccs charger to precondition vehicle, that way you get to a Tesla charger with a warm battery. I do this when I head to a CCS charger in my Tesla
you using a samasung s23
ford guy like “this is gonna be a huge problem, for a lot of people.”  lmao. talk to ford about that buddy.
Show this to Hasan lol
I don’t think any car that has to take up 2 spots should be allowed to charge
You wrap up with "Game Changer" when in reality your experience in time spent is similar to 100 years ago when you had to crank a gas pump to draw the fuel, and lift the hood to see if your car was going to make it another trip before refueling again.
Longer cables will easily fix this
Tesla owners are gonna start putting bumper guards on the front to move all these imitators out of the way
Will you ever make a vedio about petrol engine car
This is why the gov needs to mandate the charge port needs to be in one place. Ideally, where Tesla puts it. It’ll make it easier to design these charging stations.
30 to 85% charge for 30USD ??? My god this is expensive
Hey, that's not too far from me.  Stop by for a cup of coffee.
ev is bs. Costs time and money. Hybrid is the future! costs only little more money than ev. Time is money. You trade your time for a little money. That is a no to me!
As a Tesla owner...BOOOOOOO!!!!
You do know you can park backwards with any car?
I think it started on the africa map was because the coordinates 0,0 are just off the west coast of africa
Looks like there is a market for, and even a need for heavy duty extension cords. This way owners can back in, pull in, it won’t matter. Plug it into the vehicle first. Then plug it into the Tesla charger.
Business idea, extension cables for Tesla charging stations
When going to get a fill-up becomes the road trip, because that's all the range you have... Fool and his money!
This does show the need for much greater standardisation for the system to work effectively.
I can see all the dumbo’s that break all the regular chargers breaking these and Tesla owners being very miffed if Tesla don’t keep on top of maintenance.
Can you get an extension charging chord with adapters?
People are going to be shot at charging stations, when someone won't move over..
the fact that in the us Tesla uses a preparatory adapter just doesn't go in my head. yeah great that they do it now but come on just use ccs.
I can already hear the elite Karen's and Chad's of the Tesla world yelling at other people because you're too "close" to their p.o.s....
$30 isn’t cheap hahah but I guess relatively judging how big the Rivian is
Does Rivian make an extension cord?
Twelve minutes?  Go away.
So you got a %50 charge for 30 bucks. It's no cheaper than diesel ITS A RACQUET MATE.
$80 ouch.
Today at Tesla Investor day they said they are aware of the cable length situation and have already engineered a solution that they will be rolling out when they update SC locations for non Tesla cars.
Can we get a Vice Versa scenario, basically 'How a Tesla behaves to those non-Tesla/3rd-Party chargers?'
I can see CCS extension cables becoming a thing to carry around now.
Tesla is already making longer cable chargers but it requires more than just a longer cable.
Am I the only one thinking 30$ for 55% is expensive?!
Actually think this is likely to cause more unreliability rather than increased reliability. Whereas before you have only Tesla's using their network, you can optimize for how much potential use those chargers would see and ensure maintenance is delivered at the right level to keep it running well. Once you have an influx of all electric vehicles using the network, wear and tear goes up substantially.  A key differentiator for me when buying my Tesla was the dedicated and reliable network and it looks like they are going to lose this advantage.
In Norway, V2 Superchargers have two cables. One Type 2 (the standard in Europe), and one CCS. We have also been allowed to charge non-teslas on superchargers since 2021 i think.
Great to see it work. The holidays are when it will be crowded with many taking longer trips to see relatives and friends.  The app will show the usage of the chargers however not how everyone is parked. It will be interesting.
You have a 4x4 so why don't you just drive up behind the charger in the snow, that way you don't take up the wrong spot? I would just drive up from behind the charger.
I think Tesla should roll out supercharger queueing for Tesla owners. Giving priority to Tesla owners as well as charging non-Tesla owners more because they don’t pay for the infrastructure by paying for the car. Problem will be lawsuits against Tesla.
why does ur voice sound like ur making it deep? stop
That Rivian is seriously sweet and the F150! That guy yanking the charging cable like that though 🙈, Tesla announced yesterday that they are increasing the length of the charging cables at these stations, possibly just newly fitted stations. Marques any chance you've got a Polestar 3 or Volvo EX90 video in the pipeline?
5:26 new civic type r?😍
Very Very Very cool how he shout out the other guy's channel and even plugged it in the description.
The answer is to lengthen the cable on the non-Tesla chargers so that it can reach both sides of the car. Bad on Tesla to not consider this.
Did he just call a Tesla a luxury car???! 🤔
Great appearance on “the Daily Show” with Hassan
I think the idea behind this is to get more people to switch from non Tesla Evs to Tesla.
there will be challenges. i think the key takeaway is to roll out this option step by step with improvements along the way especially with the 4th gen chargers available now
where is that sweet sweatshirt from? looks dope
they can just add two cables at every spot like regular fuel pumps to solve that problem and only one cable at a time from each charging point can be used other one will be locked
The adapter cable should be longer
stop bitching
I have to make an account to charge my car?! What's next, I'll have to make an account to buy milk at the supermarket? Make an account to go to dentist maybe? What if I don't want more apps on my phone? I hate the future.
The Rivian is really good
MAKE A USB LIKE STANDARD FOR EVS  god…please
The whole idea that there are 2 different types of chargers will be huge problem for the future in America. Other countries only have 1 charger type which is way smarter.
I really enjoy pulling into a gas station filling up only takes 3 minutes and being on my way. 😎
wouldn't this be easily resolved making the charging cords longer
Meh once you get over the it’s electric and different it becomes about convenience
I'm surprised they didn't do this earlier in the US, knowing Tesla is US-based. Because they did this a year ago in a couple of European countries. Maybe it was easier in European countries because they are obligated to have CCS2 instead of their "Tesla-plug"? 🤔
I watched the Tesla investor day presentation yesterday. The lady in charge of charging infrastructure (pun not intended) specifically talked about how some of the cables at their new Superchargers are longer to accommodate non-Tesla EVs.
So if 2 or 3 more cars wanted to charge the whole system grinds to a halt. Mass adoption is going to be possible
Nice hoodie got mine on Amazon grab 3 different colors lol 🫡
Tesla decided to only enable those chargers that are not busy
We must told to TESLA that they need to put longer cables on their chargers .
State of charge I just subscribed
Broken charging cables in 3, 2, 1...
The problem with the parking spot is that you are blocking the charger on the right BUT its marked as FREE in the Tesla App/car navigation (but basically it cannot be used :-)). For that tesla should deploy always more stalls. Or setup a new logic, and every EV driver should align if they charge there.   But tesla will manage it The question do the owners of EVs will it?
Tesla superchargers being "extremly reliable" is definetly not an experience we've made here in Germany/Europe. Half of them are broken (soft- and/or hardware wise) all the time or have some weird problems. The real strength that sets them apart is "just" that they are everywhere and in a useable amount, unlike the stations of other service-providers.
I don't think longer cables would be the solution for this because of the limitations it creates for charging and also cost, but rather going forward there should be an standard on where the charging ports are placed on the cars. Obviously it's not an ideal solution since there are a lot of cars being made as of right now without any standards.  I also saw someone else in the comments saying some chargers should be made pull through similar to gas stations which is an interesting idea to think about aswell.
That cost is not a good deal. If all charges are that expensive, then a payback would be nonexistent.
Long cables coming.
Sorry as a Tesla owner we lose
main issue is that American trucks are way to big xD
ford lightning went up in flames in mass connected to SC.  Power board fried-defective controller.  Truck is literally a piece of toast.
I honest love this channel and how you present it to your viewers. Vibing with the fact that you even connected with random normal day to day tech enthusiastic people as well to find out about their experiences with the Tesla supercharger
Racist apps now smh
Good to see you Tom
Tesla is so kind to this stupid non tesla buyers! And they already screaming! whats going on with this people! Buy a tesla and shut up!
These electric cars gimmicks have to end. There has to be a universal plug and universal charging structure for all brands to follow, just like gas cars. There’s no point on having proprietary ways of charging your car, that causes a huge market segregation.
I feel like if Tesla is going to add the magic dock to its stations,  it should be done only at less busy ones. If they want to add them to their busier stations, add additional stations with the magic dock,  instead of converting the existing ones
you should probably try out that new mazda cx 60 diesel that does 3.2 l / 100km 😀😀
Free PR for Tesla. And they can enjoy fat 7.5 billion in subsidy.  Win win for tesla
Well, for a start, the F150 charge port door is on the wrong side so it's completely in the way.
have you ever thought of reviewing laptops?
Maybe the regulators should make rules for auto makers about the placement of the charging port.
In Europe Tesla opened quite a lot of chargers already. I think its working alright but yeah the lenght of the cable should be longer. That would solve most Problems.
At $30, is it even cheaper than petrol all factors considered?
As it should be
It's not that the mic is that bad, but why don't you use the Adobe Podcast AI to enhance the audio quality?
We'll I got two Tesla's,can't say I'm happy about it but understand why they did it.
It could be random but I wonder if the defaulting map to Africa is because Elon is from South Africa
Must be a standard where cars got the chargepoint
The default location on the map is Null Island. Thats why it opened over Africa.
was that coincidence with state of charge channel  , or u guys planned to meet there ?
It didnt default to Africa, it default to Africa it defaulted to 0° North 0° West
this is just wrong! Should not be allowed to charge here. Ill be giving dirty looks to any Non Tesla person charging at Elon’s Tesla Supercharger
We really need legislation making this a requirement. I know that there are some requirements in the infrastructure bill that require Tesla open up their charging stations if they want to use the funds (which is probably why Tesla is conveniently doing this now after years of stalling) but we should go the next step and solidify it in full legislation. All charging stations should be able to work with any car. It should not even be up to Tesla. It's clearly anti-competitive. Imagine the trouble regular automobiles would have if you were not allowed to get gas from a gas station branded Ford when you have a Chevy. It's ridiculous. If we care about electric vehicle adoption (and we should), there is really no other option. This is a start but the simple solution is to standardize all charging stations and charging ports. The problems mentioned in the video are solved by just having longer charging cables or a slightly different layout. Even if only on future stations going forward.
Love the white snow, 😍. As tropical country residents, its fascinating...
Thats not safe for women to use either
Electric nerds problems not petrol head problems
Why did it default to Africa? I will try my best to not go for the obvious joke. 😄😄
Think I can get another 100,000 out my diesel. Please fix all this by then.
just make a cable longer !?!?!!??!?!?
Simple solution - electrical mfrs should make and sell 20 ft CCS adapter extension cord
Possible
Random charger facts: an average U.S. home has a 200-amp service panel and provides up to 240 volts current. Kilowatts are volts x amps / 1000. So, the most power a home charger could provide is only 48 kw, less than one-fifth of what a single Tesla 250 kw "Supercharger" kiosk provides!
So if you dont have your phone or credit on it your fucked.
Drive to the rear side of the charger 😂 This is going to be a mess
Looking for problems basically. Loosers
Rivian and others need to ensure their charging ports are on the same side as Tesla, or the center. You can have the port on the front or rear, but if it's on the front. it should be front-center or front-right, or rear-center or rear-left. Tesla is making the cables slightly longer, but i doubt it will be enough.
why cant you park on the other snowy side and charge.. seemes obvious
The future of car meets is here
Electric cars are cool but really charging is a joke... Should be slide out and slide in fully charged batteries by now... And let the station charge the removed battery packs.. it's a no brainer. 🤦 Just like gas bottles. Swap n go.
What's with the audio? It is painful to listen. Recorded on iPhone 14 pro right?
Tesla could be trying this out, before possibly mass producing them for other companies to buy and install them outside the Tesla Network. So basically they will make a version that they could sell to Electrify America and other Charging stations.
Longer cable could potentially solve the problem?
It's nice to see Tesla opening up to other electric car users and it's another way to make Elon even richer, to solve the short cable problem could be that Tesla sell an extension charge lead, that way it's a certified product and Elon makes even more money.
Tesla opened up superchargers here in Europe for a long time. It has been going smooth:) So no worries man!
Great video quality. It's an Iphone?
Not new - Europe has had this hell for a while now and it is hell, especially in really busy spots, where some sites are only 6 or 8 bays. Put in 2 or 3 non teslas and it’s a disaster. Tesla need to think this through better, but they only see revenue.
Ford is useless like always. Rivian had more to put charging port in a proper place.
1:33 defaulted to zero-zero coordinate, which is near Africa's west coast and equator, obviously
tesla cars has a charger on both sides of the car
So 30 to 85% is how many miles? it seems that charging based on how many miles you get is nearly as expensive as gasoline engines. Greedy companies boosting KWh pricing will kill EV's quicker than anything.
what phone you use for this video recording?
Broo, that 14 Pro’s camera is cool
Only low-occupancy Superchargers are open to non-Teslas, no need to worry about waiting in line
it was bond to happen more people than chargers
Cringe but ok.
You keep saying kilowatts instead of kilowatt-hours 🙁 kilowatt (kW) is power kilowatt-hour (kWh) is energy
My v8 truck doesn’t have this problem 😂
Interesting video.
Well with an offroader you could go in from the back of the charger on the grass to avoid blocking two spots 😂😅
Why does Telsa have a different plug un the US. In Europe they all have the same.
1:34 It defaults to 0°00'00.0"N 0°00'00.0"E when the GPS fix is a little late, that's off the coast of Africa.
39c/kWh not 39c/kW 👀
I’m usually an early adopter of tech that fascinates me but not in this case. You’ve highlighted the main reason why I’m not getting an electric car for the next five to eight years. Infrastructure needs to get baked enough for me.
Auto Focus needs properly made closed captions. Captions on this are auto-generated, which is laughable and frankly sad. Please do consider this, as it makes the awesome channel more accessible!
(just a little bit off topic) Why don't you like using the pro max versions of iPhones? You always use the pros. For someone like you I'd think that you'd always use the highest end available.
So, are superchargers used often in the US? In the EU they aren't really because their locations arent next to highways. And people charge at home, and only charge at a charger if they are going really far, eg using the highway. A "public" charger like Ionity, Shell or Fastned is right off the highway. Tesla is atleast 10 minutes extra driving. Of course, EU Tesla's are CCS and can use the "public" chargers. Can US teslas?  Also pretty wild that Tesla makes chargers with propreitary connectors and cable lengths that will only work for certain locations for the charge port. 5 years ago they wanted others to also use the superchargers, now we know why no car maker accepted. The limitations for your car's design are huge.
Having worked in a gas station for months now, this wont work.  Not because tesla opened up, but because people suck.  I wish my store had speed bumps and other safety devices because people don't care.  I have people speed by pumps, speed near my door, and park in bad spots, because its convenient for them.
What would be so wrong if the software nonsense with the app wasn’t there?
I was just excited to just see others with non Tesla charging, but they should do something about the charge length. But I think is a great initiative 👍🏾.  Great video as always
The funny thing is, that Tesla needed to retrofit an adapter in the US, in Europa they dont make the Apple move with a stupid different connector and you can just plug right in
Great job mate.
Tesla are the Apple of the EV market. Perfect integration for Tesla owners, awkward for anyone else
Tesla do racial Discrimination
What would have happened if you tried to charge a non-Tesla at a Tesla Supercharger before?
Off topic but is that the new Samsung ultra it's beautiful lol
There is a very simple way to solve this problem and it has already been done in the Supercharger that is next to my place in Madrid, Spain. And it is installing two chargers in each car space, one in the front and the other in the back. That way it is much easier to charge different EVs in one space, wherever the charging point is!
Wow such first world problems!!!
More than an oversight by Tesla
Wait that iphone quality is insane though
Maybe I'm missing something but couldn't this be solved with a simple cord extension that you can carry in your car?
Wow!! Good to know!! I’m so thankful that i don’t do too many road trips…..i’ll probably only drive from miami to Orlando with my LRMY!  I’m glad that non Teslas are getting a more reliable network with the Tesla superchargers……i only hope that they save spots for our Teslas
there's gonna be some future worldstar like videos from these charging stations in the near future lol
Marques, the map in your app defaulted to Africa because that is at zero degrees latitude and zero degrees longitude. The place in focus is called Null Island. It is a common place to go if the app does not have your current location, history of location that you previously used it at or the app is not completely implemented to handle location correctly. I think the latter might be the case here. :)
"I donno why it defaulted to africa".. google map is a racist b****
I like the idea of electric cars, but they seem like so much hassle. 30-85% in half an hour! That's the biggest issue. You could have fuelled up and been at your destination in the time that takes. Then the addition of poor charging facilities. In Rwanda we have a company called Ampersand who do electric motos. Kigali runs on motos, which are public motorbikes, the fastest way to get around town. They seem to work well, but one unexpected issue is that you don't hear them coming. They're completely silent. Rwanda already has the largest traffic fatality rate in East Africa, with pedestrians being the main casualties, so that's something that needs a bit of work. Maybe the app defaulted to Africa because StarLink launched here last week 😄
Those door handles on the rivian look awkward to grab onto
Shot on iPhone 14 Pro 😃, The video is so good
Well, to be fair it only needs for Tesla (that i assume wants to enter the "charging  business" too, which is a smart move, tbh) to either put longer cables (1 to 2 mt longer) and\or put the column in the middle instead of the side.   Both are fixable and all in all, it is a good QoL change for all EVs and ultimately for the planet.  One thing tho. 0.5$ for charging (or 0.4$ if you're a member) is it a good value ? How does it fare with other chargers ?
supercharging needs to get much faster
Would it be possible to have a tesla charger with this adapter for private homes?
Longer cables
I imagine people will need to buy extension cable if they have these vehicles at Tesla superchargers. Hopefully Tesla will take note and upgrade the superchargers to have longer cables.
Thanks for the video, markis. 😂
Interesting... I know just retrofit is the easiest but would it be less of a headache if they would add a new cable and also be long enough 🤔
First of all, awesome video. Secondly, I'm glad you showed how chaotic superchargers with a Magic Dock are going to be if Tesla doesn't put any longer cords on them. This will definitely not be good in the long run, especially if there are potentially open stalls that are blocked by non-Teslas due to the extremely limited space.
Bro EV’s JUST NEEDS A PORT. Maybe a standard & a fast charger but EV’s JUST NEEDS A PORT. Just bc Telsa was one of the first mainstream EV’s, there shouldnt even be such a thing as Telsa Charging Stations. They should just be CHARGING STATIONS. They need like a car version of USB-D(rive) or something n call it a day. I swear this is so simple the only complications is money.. which why U.S. shouldve never implemented Telsa Stations anyway. Like i said they should’ve always been Charging Stations
The V4 Superchargers will have longer cables. But what really needs to happen is standardization of charge port locations and for the other auto manufacturers stepping up to build out the charging infrastructure nationwide to help support their own vehicles. Standard connectors should be CCS like Europe. This will also bring down costs because all EVs will have the same connectors and port locations.
I wonder if non-tesla owners will try Tesla chargers, find them better but annoying because of their port location and think…get a Tesla.
This has been available in Norway for a while now, and while I saw some non Tesla EVs in the start, it's almost exclusively back to Teslas now
If you had another 1000 mile challenge, this would certainly be interesting for the team that came last, due to them finding broken chargers, etc...
This is not Tesla;s problem :)
I think the answer is longer cables on the chargers. That would allow vehicles like the Rivian  to park in the correct space and pull the cable round the front. Really for this to work EV manufacturers could do with specifying an areas on all vehicles where they’ll put their charging ports
I think Tesla has to be very careful about how they roll this out. In some areas of the country I've had to wait 20 minutes to charge my model y because there weren't enough stalls the idea of a non-tesla taking up two spots would seriously create a bottleneck
Easy fix. Longer cable would fix it. Want to keep the sleak tesla look? Add a port for something similar to bring your own cable chargers.
My whole electricity bill is 30 bucks. Those el vehicles are total bs for now lmao😅
If any of you want to know the future of charging, watch the Disruptive Investing channel. there are some companies making them available anywhere theres a sidewalk and they wont take up any vertical space like superchargers. This has nothing to do with the gas pump infrastructure and doesn't need to share its limitations.
do you own that Rivian?
Would it make sense to put additonal charging ports on cars? Like one front left, one rear right, and the car would only unlock one for charging.
Manufacturers have already decided to put the fueling port for ICE vehicles either on the rear left (for gasoline) or rear right (for diesel). But some of them went wild when designing their EVs... and they may put the charging port on the roof if they could. Even among the models from one brand the ports are at different places (Hyundai for example). This lack of standards and style over function is somehow annoying.
Even 49 c/kwh is fairly cheap compared to public chargers here in Germany... They're anywhere from 55-75 €c/kwh!   Aren't other public chargers also set up like that? Or are Tesla Supercharger cables just exceptionally short?
There needs to be a standard as to where charge ports are located on vehicles. There is no mechanical, technical, or engineering reason as to why charge ports cannot be fitted to the rear left of EVs. Petrol and diesel cars have been doing it for decades, where the fuel flaps are located in more or less the same place on almost all cars. This mishmash of charge port locations that we have right now is unhelpful and frustrating. Unnecessary.
I was also curious about this myself so I'm glad there's a video of this. You brought up great points as well
You could've parked on 1A and been fine
This was a great video and very informative. Love this YouTube channel
Even with other cars, teslas charging experience is much better than at other chargers lol
I'm not an electrician but maybe include a bit of extra cable with the adapter?
I love how the FORD F-150 doosh is complaining about how “this is not gonna work”. Compared to how it was before—that you were NOT able to charge using TESLA’s Supercharger network at all—you’re welcome, asshat.  - TESLA Owners
Very cool video of showing the experience.
longer cable , problem solved
Car chargers became less biased but your phone map is extremely racist ;)
This is one of the best videos I have ever watched.
I don't have an EV but love these videos, respect for giving other content creators a shout out, your style is very welcoming & informative and I hope we eventually get the same network here in the UK which at present is woefully inadequate unless you live in London, I believe making the charging cables longer (or retractable into the charging station) will alleviate the how do I park issue so could be a win / win for all EV drivers
This feels like a self-inflicted wound. Gas cars and gas stations basically have all solved the "charging layout" problem, but for some reason manufacturers decided to be creative with charging port positioning on EVs, and charging stations are messy because of this. It's really a silly problem.
easy fixes: 1) universal charging plug set by law (like in EU) 2) charging ports on vehicles either in front or in the back but always on the center line. Again, simple legal regulation that forbids charging ports on sides of vehicles. 3) Elon's gonna be mad, but lest be real, this config will happen sooner or later. Sooner with legal limitation, later without it, but it will still happen just like USB-C and some other plugs happened.  4) But bonus for Elon - you can make charging cables shorter and save some kg of copper which for all the charging stations will equate to some big $ saving!  Also, the US should switch to 220v and, for F sake, abandon the imperial measuring system, but i guess we'll be waiting another 100 years for that to happen.
Video quality on that intro is crisp 👌
Rivian sure is a good Looking truck. Hope we Will have them in Europe soon.
Great video.  Tesla should open it up and underused chargers.  Not crowded ones. Or when spaces are abundant
Tesla mentioned today during their Investor Day that all new Supercharger stations are gonna have longer cables to fix this issue.
marques, nice video as always, but please consider your units again kWh is not kW!
How dangerous would it be to have an non-Tesla users add their own extension cable so all cars can park where they are supposed to?
This is why it was good that Europe forced compatibility with CCS. The US rollout of this pilot scheme is going to be substantially slower and maintenance of the unlockable adapters will be a nightmare.  P.S. come on manufacturers, stick the charging ports dead center on the back or front, it would save so much headache
the whole world: CCS Telsa: ADAPTERS!
Love the info. Even thou I’m not a electric car person
The adapter system is pretty cool. I didn't know about it because in Europe we have it easier.
What a surprise, Teslas charger are working for your 3rd party vehicle, but the 3rd party chargers never work for anyone. The only issue is the length but that’s something that could’ve never been predicted really.
Maybe someone could sell extension cords?
It's funny they adapted these chargers to work with other EVs but didn't install longer cables. Seems like a really strange oversight. Also at about 19 cents per mile that's probably more expensive than a gas car.
Mega video seeing you and Tom malarkey at the same time massive bonus, two legends fabulous viewing
Bro, this is practical journalism at its finest, well done!
Longer cable will do
One thing car companies could do is to standardize the charging port positions. Another thing that could be done is that Tesla could also start installing longer cables/cable extensions and adapters. Either one should be to solve this issue IMO.
Either this was recorded on a pixel or an iphone
30-85% in 30min is not bad!
You staged this..
Great footage!
Ayooiiiii my moms has a small business in Brewster New York, so go check her out bro
It defaulted to africa because there are secret, hidden chargers every where in africa
5:20 7.05  8.50 ALL non-Teslas without a charge port on the left rear (or front right) should chose the charger that is as close to the end on the right as you approach to minimise the inconvenience by 'blocking' chargers.
It's gonna be the new Green Bubble. Ppl who paid into the walled garden ecosystem gonna get mad that others can access their garden through the gates.  That said though, the taking up 2 spots is definitely an issue.
Feel like this is the car manufacturer‘s fault. They could have speculated for Tesla to open up their network an just put the port at the right side, which is the left side :)
What about my plug in hybrid that only has J1772 😭
It’s a great boost for electric mobility in general.  Tesla does what they said they wanna do, „to accelerate the advent of sustainable transport“.  Yes they can be late, but they do deliver on their enormous goals. They change the entire mobility and energy sector being the youngest manufacturer. People really don’t seem to get what is happening in front of their own eyes.
Real time interactions. Nice work.
I'd say invite State of Charge for upcoming EV releases for a nice collab.
Regarding port location, you cannot blame Tesla for the bad choices of other brands. Everybody knows that the Supercharger network is the best, so why putting the charge point in an incompatible location ? In Europe, Renault has the charge port of Zoés in the middle and it works with Superchargers, and for the Renault Meganes it is at the front right and it works with Superchargers. Rivian has chosen not to be compatible. Period. So parking in the wrong spot should be *banned* when more than 50% of the stalls are in use, simple. And when people are buying a car, they should check if the connector is well located. An alternative would be a third party extension cord, with CCS on the car side and "North American Charging Standard" on the stall side ; it may not be quite more difficult to do than a standalone adapter.
Simple solution, put the chargers in the middle of the parking spot, it solves the Rivian and tesla problem but f150 doesn’t cut it, companies might have to come together to either make a fixed spot for their charge port, or make a longer cable which might create charge efficiency loss
lexus rz video?!
I don’t see any content in this video. It’s just a waste of time.
It's funny to see how all the "problems" here are being discussed 1-2 years after EU experienced the opening of the SuC. But interesting to see the "magic doc" in real action.  v4 are going to have longer cables :) and better load with a steady 146kW than a only a short moment of time with a high peak and having the bms reducing the speed early.
Wow the video quality is incredible iPhone is the goat in this regard
They have already opened the Superchargers in Europe for a while now. In Europe they don't need an adapter because all EVs (including Tesla) have the same CCS plug. But the Tesla Superchargers cables are still too short and can create such issues.   Also, recently Google Maps has enabled these Tesla Superchargers in the Android Automotive app, so my Polestar 2 can now route me through Superchargers too, not only through public chargers. It will also preheat the battery when you have them as destination, just like it does for other public DC chargers.
Of course if all the cars that turn up are non-Tesla then you wouldn’t all be using 2 spots, as you’d all go the wrong way. Only the person on the end bay would be in 2 spaces
sure seems like they would need a slightly better charger layout and like 1-2 foot more cable
It's funny AF when you have load-shedding.
Im sure tesla will sort out the cable length problem, its not that hard to solve.
I dont know much about US legislative work but in Europe we need to discuss and try to implement a standard for chargeport position. And I think that Tesla is the standard to follow now, just because of the already huge charging network and number of cars on the road.
Tesla announced yesterday at invester day that future cables will be much longer to accommodate non Tesla's.
to solve about that parking position, is they just have to add more cable.. 3-5 meters
Tesla could just make the cables longer.
either one of two things that will happen. either longer cables, or a forced standardization in order to conform to tesla's charging system. i wonder which will win out.
"State of Charge"  got the biggest free advertisement ever
We definitely know why it defaulted to Africa 😤💅🏾
couldnt you just park more to the left ? a half on each spot tho others could park directly next to you
If the F-150 had the charging port cover open like the Rivian does the cable would actually be long enough to reach. But Ford stuck with what they've been doing for decades covering fuel intakes. Can't really blame them for going the simple route, just a neat feature on the Rivian that they decided to go with something different which actually is more convenient for the user.
if they put charger in the middle in front of the parking slot, adding a little cable lenth it can solve the problem with positioning your car. You simply park your front or back near charger and it can get either left or right charging port on your car.
You should have just parked 2 spots over to the left and used the 1st charger. Seems intuitive and respectful to people that might show up and want to use the 2nd and 3rd charger. Very simple.
I used Tesla Super Chargers while driving from the Netherlands to France. They've been opening up for other EVs in Europe for a while now. In (western) Europe, many other fast chargers are already available. Since Super Chargers are never directly on the highway next to the gas station (like for example, IONITY, FastNed, or enBW in Germany) but always a couple miles off, I prefer not to use them since it will take time and cost me extra money (exiting and re-entering a toll road). But sometimes I have to, and it's always a blast because there are often 25+ spots available on those popular spots.
yoo   your maps is racist 1:34
"This is a pretty empty charger in a rural area"  2 mins later it's rammed full of youtubers all shooting the same vid. This couldn't have gone better for this piece!
I can possibly think of 2 solutions at this point. 1. Every ev car manufacturers having their own charging networks. And a better and efficient solution, government should talk to all the ev makers and form a common infrastructure for all
Maybe have an additional adapter to make it longer
why can't the location of the charging port of evs be standardized like icu's
Meanwhile in Europe this is standard, because regulations forced Tesla to make their charging stations available to everyone.  Also most EV owners here have extension cables with them.
We have it in Europe since two years. Works great, no issues with other cars. Never had a queue problem at the SuC, even in the sommer. And Tesla is starting changing the disposal of the new stalls,  for the future.
EV’s are so much cheaper! *$30 to go from 30-80%*
What's Wrong with Africa 🤣
Not me spotting the FK8 in the background and totally logging off after that
If only they didn't do shitty huge pickups but right size cars 🤝
Nice problems you have up there ;)
This is already how it works in Europe, most Tesla chargers are open to other EVs
Would be better if they had longer cables on a swing out reel.  Then vehicles could have close plugs or far plugs but still be totally useable.
Tesla will be forced eventually to open up fully in a lot of countries to different brands. It's anti consumer to not open them oup but take up the space that aggresively.
Perhaps they need to put the charging units in the centre of the parking space so it's compatible with charge ports on the left or right.
Best thing Elon/Tesla has done in many years.
We've had this for half a year in Norway, as Tesla opened up all their chargers for all EVs around september/october last year. It has worked well so far I'd say, but yes the "where do you park" issue has come up. Several stations have improved their layout though, so you can park at a charger "in any direction" so to say. So you don't take up 2 spots at once.
Why is Tesla including adaptors in every charger, instead car owners who want to charge should buy one.
It is NULL in Africa. It is a bug. Current location would make more sense.
The main thing this will do is show people how much better having a Tesla than a rival ev would be lol
Is it not 4x4? go park in the snow on the other side...
Bonkers! It's crazy that charging ports are all over the houses. A hundred years of fuelling from the back of a car and then the rules have changed all of a sudden. Longer cables might solve this issue, but yes there will need to be an agreed etiquette between all drivers....
Pretty cute how u made friends with the other charger guys
$30 for a 80% charge? Is that a lot by electric vehicle standards? I always thought it was cheap like $5-10 bucks?
I'm from the Brewster area, and I was there today (March 1st). Sorry I missed you.  Yes, the cables will need to be longer.   Good thing Elon addressed it at Investor's Day.
As with everything Tesla at first, great idea, needs some tweaking on the execution
How about non Tesla drivers carrying an extension cable of 2-3 feet just in case there are such unforseen scenarios, regardless of whether they are charging at supercharger or all the different kinds of off-street park & charge scenarios. short extension cable wouldnt cost much either.
Don’t understand why Tesla would do this. Definitely a much worse experience for Tesla owners now
Someone needs to sell an extender cable for non-Teslas
What is this camera you using
I mean, simple solution, you could just repaint the lines so the charger is in the middle of the parking spot. (Longer cables would help too).
Boo. Not filmed on the S23U. Imma guess it's the iPhone 14 Pro....Damn it.  I do love the fact that others showed up to TRULY test it out REAL TIME. Love to see it as this is the future.
The moment Tesla open up their chargers to everyone else, they lose 90% of their desirability.
What's the chances of Marques met up with state of Charge??
Youtubers are so hard 💪working
simple fix simply extending the cable length
Holly shit, the video quality coming out of that 14 pro is fucking insane.
How dumb are non-Tesla chargers ports! 😂
i'd expect charging port would be on either side.
THOUGH... This IS a step forward. It's STILL like the VHS vs Beta thing. There are still too many charging adapters/formats for it to be viable for the EV car industry to be fully accepted. So many manufacturers of EVs with their different charging ports/locations, 'And then there's Tesla' 😏. IF the manufacturers could be held to only a couple of 'Industry Standards', WITH charging stations being modified to suit (WITH longer cables AND THE MAINTENANCE REQUIRED TO KEEP THEM RUNNING), then it should NOT matter what car you have, you could pretty much go to ANY charging station and (space availability allowing), park up and charge WITHOUT FUSS! But so far, the charging infrastructure IS STILL TOO COMPLICATED and TOO 'Fractured and incohesive to help EV car purchases and ownership.... 🤔🤔🤔😒       😎🇬🇧
It will get worse for Tesla owners and it will cause possible "charging" rage between Tesla and non-Tesla owners. Tesla will loose clients
lol, I bought an OpenEVSE charger because of State Of Charge. I didn't know he was in NY state.
Get yourself a nice 5-10 meter long extension cable. Ask Linus :p
Longer cables problems solved.
Defaulted to Africa due to defaulting to coordinate 0,0 most likely.
I just don't get why its not a thing to just expect to plug in at home.  Trickle charge overnight for better battery life.  But everyone wants it NOW!
Keep in mind they’re going to double the amount of superchargers in the US.
Honestly they nailed it with the adapter. A couple of points: 1) The whole cars facing different ways and blocking others etc is already an issue at other non Tesla stations. I've done laps around other stations trying to get the car facing the right way only to find someone blocking it from a different spot. 2) 150kW in the Rivian is about as good as it gets anyway. I've seldom seen chargers faster than that, and when I do, the Rivian does 220kW for a bit then throttles back to 150 for the bulk of the charging.
Ima be honest it’s gonna suck when there’s a supercharger available that you can’t use bc of a non Tesla charging at the station
All EV manufacturers needs to be regulated  in  where they put charge port on the vehicle, otherwise this is going to be a huge mess!
it's good to see marques making these kind of videos ..
The universal charging spot thing was something the Gov't. forced Elon into doing to get yet another 7.5 billion in subsidies... 🙄 it's not like Tesla "wanted" to do it.. but I think it's a good thing.. its just crazy that Elon gets big Government hand outs all the time yet talks about how he's Pro small government.. and "for the people".... Profiteer always.
$30 for 80% in 30 minutes ? So what is that 100 miles of range? 120 ?? I am still struggling to see how this is Better, more Efficient, Cheaper than Gas ?? And the fact NOW you will have to be jockeying around and what not... Makes No Sense to me
V4 Supercharger is going to have a longer charging cable.
The adapter is gigantic! Not sure why non-Tesla chargers didn't simple adopt the Tesla charger plug as the standard.
30 bucks seems kinda steep
Solution for Tesla: Just make the cables longer. Thank you
Will having a charging cable adaptor/extension be useful here? I feel like Tesla could offer an extension charging cable as an upsell for non Tesla owners
I think there's a possibility we will eventually see a completely new design for the pedestals and cables. We're only at the beginning stage where it's just simply an adapter on existing hardware and layout.
Maps default to Africa because that's where 0,0 coordinates are
Thank you!
The real question is "Whose idea was it to put every single electric car's charging slots in the front and not in the back like it was usually???"
this was sucha fun and random video for a lucid and the state of charge guy to show up, lovely stuff
Solution: Make the charging cables longer
Seems like they'll have to put some longer cables on the chargers.  But that seems unlikely to happen.  Perhaps they can rearrange the parking slot to charger orientation in some way?  It'll be interesting to see whether Tesla finds any clever solutions or if they just decide to stop doing this because it's a bad experience for the Tesla owners.
Marques making friends. What a sight
This was so obviously going to be the experience with this solution. I wanna see it opened up, but not like this.
In the Netherlands we can charge with a non Tesla already for almost a year. It works great. Never had a problem and the availability is super. I have an Opel Mokka-e EV
Compare Rivian and Ford engineering. Opening a door horizontally limits the charging capability
If im not mistaken you can charge a Tesla on either the rear left or rear right. Just tap the tail light you need
This could've all been solved if EV manufacturers just got together and agreed on an industry standard charger...
Or... Just increase the cable size maybe?
Tesla is bleeding money. Of course they have to do it.
they have done it pretty smart in europe, they wont do it at congested spots, teslas have ccs standard here aswell, they should adapt that standard in the us i think.
Honest question from a non-EV person…is anyone worried that all of this relies on a constant internet connection? Meaning…you have to use an app to do everything. Are there any plans for how this works when there is no connection or a bad one?
The parking stations like this can allow vehicles to be parked on either side of the charger. which would solve the issue we just saw.
The problem is just there is no standard. Everyone is using something else. That's more of the issue here.
Or, yknow, Tesla could make their chargers have a longer cable mechanism, like all normal gas stations… And everybody could do ports on back right side, like all cars since forever. But no, everybody gotta be special -.-
I am 100% not moving my Tesla so a non-Tesla can use a Tesla charger.
$30 to charge?
Ford drivers shouldn't complain at least TESLA has opened their chargers where are FORD chargers ? how much have they spent setting up chargers
The answer is simple. Let Tesla extend the cables coming from the Super Chargers. So the cables can reach from any side and distance. Like on gas stations the hose can roll out.
Nice video, but god damn American cars are huge!
Hi, why speak of a 'Tesla experience'  when talking about the  brand? it almost sounds like a sponsored ad for the company.🧐🤔
a fitting extension cable might work? If you know you car, get a fitting cable for the Tesla chargers. Not ideal, but a solution. Tesla already said they will make the cables longer on the open chargers, they got the feedback.
James (TheStradman) recorded his entire experience with this - Ridiculous. - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1RoJCT7v-Q
Dude!  Great points!
this will be a nightmare in cali
the cables should be longer and be on a swing
@AutoFocus It defaulted to Africa at 1:34 because that's where the default lat/long coordinates of (0.00, 0.00) point to.
I would love to hear your take on how Elon musk gives a lot of shit to government agencies and taxing authority such as the state of California saying how they hurt business. But the real reason why he opened up his charging network to non-Tesla users is because he wanted the governmental subsidies. His business would be nowhere without government subsidies and he's turned a blind eye on that over and over again but has profited and benefited substantially from states like california who offer tax breaks and other incentives for people to buy cars like Teslas. I think it's great for the electric car market but I think he's a little bit full of shit and I wish he would just be honest about his intentions and show his appreciation for the policies and people that helped his business be where it is today. And part of that is paying taxes, liberal policies, and governmental subsidies
‘Hopefully everybody will be nice’. Hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!
I might be in the minority here but I hate this idea. Tesla builds these great superchargers specifically for teslas and tries to push them out ad much as possible. So why should other car manufacturers + companies get a pass? Wasn't Electrify America supposed to be bigger than the supercharger network and more reliable. We need more players in this game that push out quality charger stations, instead of just relying on tesla.
Which phone are you recording from?
Ford picked a ridiculous location for a charging port. Not very forward thinking. Even the port door opens the wrong way.😑
Must explain in Europe isn't have problems and your case must Park in stall 1A.
The car manufacture  should offer an extension for any EV. or have a "please park this way here map" to make sure all the stalls can be used. coming soon: the men's restroom - charging meme...
It's been a year since the entire Supercharger network in the Netherlands has been open to all other EVs; hopefully this will eventually happen in North America as well. Well done!
30 minutes for +55% charge? These cars are all fucking trash 😂😂😂 yes let’s spend 100 hours a year at the charger what a great idea
Big up Markees
2 parking spots isn't going to go well if they're busy. I'd be mad.
Tesla stated during the investor’s meeting on March 1st, 2023 that longer charging cords are on the agenda.
European cables are so much longer…
You accidentally showed the last four digits of your MasterCard when you selected the charger.
Understandable that the cable length is optimized for Tesla’s. Imagine the cost of another 20-30cm of charging cable on all stations.  The placement on the Ford F150 clearly has not taken this into consideration.
fk elon and his company, current tesla charger are not enough for Tesla and now other eves will be able to charhe. what a mistake i made buyinh a tesla. thank god its only a lease. I will return this overprice junk and get a good old gas car. Im already paying close to what i would pay for a gas car since tesla drinks electricity when is too cold or hot weather. 🤮
30 $? damn
It cost 30$?? And ur only at 85%. I’m a fan of EVs but I thought the cost for a full tank would be significantly cheaper than a gas car. I pay like 40ish to get a full tank and I live in Cali.
Are you able to buy an adapter and use it on other chargers?
1:35 that's racist xD
yes physically plugging it in will be a big problem, BUT it is the only major problem that we can see and as a normal person, the solution seems simple. So honestly, good on tesla for this
If Tesla is getting federal incentives to open up their charging networks, ideally Tesla should expand or build more charging stations for non-Tesla ev instead of just retrofitting the existing ones.
It's seems like a simple problem, just extend the changing cable🙂
$30 bucks and 30 minutes!!! I’m good I’ll stick to gas
Haha at this point Tesla just pulled an Apple dongle move in which they can say “if it’s inconvenient just buy a Tesla”
This really makes me nervous about the charging experience as a Tesla owner. It’s also a bit annoying. I paid a premium not just for the car but for the experience. If Ford wants to sell a good charging experience they need to build out a charging network. I guess I just hope that it ends up being a larger collaboration than just Tesla opening theirs up and no one else putting effort into building a charging network because they can use teslas. Because the supercharger network is not close to big enough for all the EVs.
What is Tesla makes the cable 10-15 feet longer?  Not sure what the cost for that would be but I feel like it would fix most of the problems.
you do block two spots potentially. However if you have a mix, you may only find one slot blocked if you have a mix of right side parking together and a bunch of left side like tesla. So as a percentage of stalls it’ll reduce the more people pull up - if they park sensibly
so, bring a extend cable
You may be one of the most effective voices for what people actually want in future technologies. I will probably never own an EV because i think that they will not reduce fossil fuel usage. That said, please keep advocating for what technology could be in all the ways. They listen to  you.
home grown content. loved it
Takes too long to charge, I would love a Tesla. But I would also need to fit a v8 or a diesel engine. The big green box in the background is the diesel generator to charge the cars anyway 🤷‍♂️
$30 seems like alot
I wonder if this affects reliabilty - you’re adding moving parts and complexity. I’d guess part of the reliability of Tesla SCs is simplicity - no payment terminals or screens etc. Hopefully they have a fall back mode to at least release the tesla cable if the mechanism has issues?
they should be in the middle like gas pumps so you can park any way and still reach the front or the back
This is pretty much equivalent to Apple allowing android users to use FaceTime 😂
Everyone needs to put their charge port front center so parking is just as normal as any car and the charger is in a spot that is not in the way of anything.  The whole backing up with a Tesla has always rubbed me the wrong way.  Forget about driver side charge port, back port, etc., front center is best....like how the Nissan leaf or Honda E is.  The Japanese are better at making things more seamless and ergonomical.
Loved the impromptu Collab.
V4 charging stations being rolled with longer cables in Europe apparently. (Tesla live stream last night)
The F150 Lightning could've probably had a little bit better reach to the charging port if they pulled in slightly more to the right. The handle at the end of the cord makes it stick out on the left, so parking to the right might balance that out and give you that extra half-inch or inch that you might just need.  Or, you could just get a cable extender, as you probably should so you don't strain the cable. Sucks to see that the cables are short, but hey if it means that more chargers are able to be made because of the cost effectiveness, then its not a bad compromise, as those who really do need the longer cable will buy an extender for themselves anyways.
Longer cord, problem solved.
The answer is very simple the same time they install the conversation they install longer cables that retract
Bring a friend with you Bro <3
Let’s face it. All EVs would be better off if Tesla built out all charging stations
Model Y
bruhhh thats too much work i just wanna charge and go
Something about that guy calling him Marquise and then getting the biggest boost his YouTube channel has ever gotten seems a little unfair
It’s too bad people can’t back in to charge if that helps with configuration
When a map defaults to the West coast of Africa, that's 0,0 for the globe. Zero lat, zero long.
Ok opening the chargers to the rest is a awesome idea but ur video proves the charge zones need to be designed differently
American lives are so empty
WTF, why would Tesla spend all that time and money retrofitting the Supercharger for non-Tesla vehicles and NOT install a longer cable at the same time? That is some seriously stupid shit.
Game changing... I guess we are all just going to have to get along 🤣
Either longer cables or parking spots on both sides of the station.
Ford really messed up with the chargeport door opening to the front for F150 and Mach-e 🙈
Charging port should have been at the rear. With limited space it's a lot easier to back up into the parking spot.
At first I was like why do they only do it in such a small area but now after looking at how they did the connector I think the reason they're doing a small test run real quick is to see how the connectors hold up do they need to tweak the flashing process for the adapter it's talk like that does the latching mechanism need to be tweaked a little bit so that doesn't Jam off or break that easy I think that's why this is a small test run is y'all are going to kind of be the guinea pigs on how Walt the design of the bracket everything holds up there first or second iteration of this bracket this is just the live testing of it versus the lab testing
Tesla is number 1
Man the video looks good.❤❤
$30 for half a tank worth of charge.. I don't see the savings.
We hav had all superchargers open for a while in Sweden. It’s a messy experience
Anker has entered the chat
Some company is going to make a 10 foot cable extender ($500.00) , and then china is going to copy it for a low grade fire starter for half price.....
30% to 85% for 30usd in 30mins. x2 usd at least for the vehicle compared to one with ICE. These numbers are what is holding me back from going fully EV.
They just gotta make the cables longer
Tesla will have to retrofit a retractable longer cable to help out even more in the EV transition. I still praise Tesla for sharing their best charging system with the rest of the EV industry. Well done Tesla👌
I love how all the EV YouTubers made a beeline for the nearest non-EV Tesla Supercharger as soon as they went live LOL.
Seeing all those non-teslas coming out of the wood work to crowd out that supercharger station gave me the heebie-jeebies....
The stretch oof all ev charging needs to be standardized
WTF?  The non Tesla app defaulted to Africa
Capitalism is the best.
You should talk more to the guy from state of charge to get more of his experience
I think we are seeing maybe there needs to be a standard on where the charge port is on these things... Just as we have established where the filler neck is on a ICE vehicle.
Great now all the dirty non tesla users are going to break our chargers too
They should make the charging parallel
We've seen the same thing in Europe. Only difference is there was no need for adapters here (nifty solution they cooked up for it tho, pretty sweet)  They're gonna have to put in longer cables and the v4 is rumoured to have just that, plus a more central position in it's spot instead of the current left mounting.
Thank you for following the instructions with pushing the handle into the station before pulling. Another youtuber didn't and just forced it out, totally oblivious that they missed a crucial step.
frankly if we had as many Electric charging stations as we do gas stations then the lack of optimization in parking would be less of a problem
I wished that they would not have caved to the fed to get the incentives and give up their advantage and cause Tesla owners a loss of their charging network.  Tesla owners decision to buy a Tesla is partly to get the Tesla charging net work.   Non Tesla owners should not complain about Tesla superchargers.
I would look to see if I could find the adapter to keep in my car for long road trips.
Maybe the extra cost of charging can be translated to more charging stations in busy areas to accommodate for the additional variety of vehicles.
It defaults to Africa because have electric charging but not the rain
Your average Tesla owner is not going to like this. 😂
Non-Tesla sounds so weird… if only there was a generic name like “electric cars” 😂 They purposely write Non-Tesla everywhere in the app as if you are charging something that’s not original. Very similar approach to Apple
I think the only truly viable long term solution is government regulation/standardization. Otherwise, EV’s will never match the convenience factor of ICE vehicles. My idea: Government implements a team to standardize charging, they release an updated charging standard every (let’s say) 8 years to incorporate better technologies (similar to usb, except a gov organization). Each individual charging station across the country carries the 4 most recent standards/ports (analogous to different pumps for unleaded, diesel, etc), phasing out the oldest one every 8 years. What does everyone think?
As a Tesla owner who solely rely on superchargers, I don't like this rollout at all. I hope it will fail.
Welcome to the rest of us, here in Europe, they did it some time ago. But what happened is they added extra stalls...
Tesla is going to watch this, hope they will fix cable issue
Looking at this from a design perspective, if car manufacturers build the charge port covers that slide up, out of the way, you wouldn't have the problem the Lightening had with the cable. Or perhaps having a cable extention in the boot/trunk to make the Supercharger cable a few feet longer. I dare say when the infrastructure catches up to the needs of everyone, we will see changes that are needed......
30 bucks from 30% to 80%
omg the video is soo oversharp please use filmic pro
I think in order to preserve the Tesla experience. They'd have to cap the non-Tesla chargers to maybe 30% per site
I think if they just centered the charger on the parking spot and made the cable about double the length then this would work perfect
This social experience was pretty cool
He just went to a ghost town and that lot filled up pretty quick. Metropolitan areas are in deep deep trouble. I am going to have to make sure that as a renter, there are charging stations, or when we decide to get into a home, have one installed, because this is going to be insane, until actual gas stations start to become electrified stations…
It will be the coolest thing to have Tom from @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney on the podcast.
1:33 - Ahhh Null Island. Home sweet home.  The app seems to default the map zoom to 0,0 despite knowing your location.
Love that Marques is an overall nice guy! It was great seeing him talk about Tesla chargers now being open to non-Tesla EVs while also talking to and helping other people he randomly met there.
1:32 the map defaulted to 0°,0°.
Man that seemed like such a nice experience randomly meeting others with the same idea as you and just talking about yall experience. Also is the R1T your daily vehicle?
Time to revisit the taycan video Marques!
Good idea but looks really terrible honestly. The cables need to be replaced by longer ones to make it work better imo.
All in the US??? This has been available for quite a while now in Europe lol
Watching your video after seeing Elon Musk, tweet back on it, Interesting. The public charging stations reminds me of looking for working air machines to inflate low tires. Noticed you didn't say, waiting on somebody already there charging. Overall a really nice video, even for somebody that knows nothing about charging an electric car.
Chargers in the center with spots each on the opposite side of the chargers (front and back). Make the parking area like a rectangle inside a bigger rectangle with double lanes on the outside and chargers on the outer sides spaced out,  Tall order Elon ain’t Santa clause.
Great video and great insight about the length of the wire. In all fairness it also comes down to car manufacturers to standardize their location similar to gas cars either left / right behind. Ev makers are currently putting all over the place which increases complexity
It wouldn’t help with Tom’s F-150, but would repainting the lines, so that the chargers are centred to each parking bay, allow the cable to reach both Tesla and Rivian ports, without having to park in an adjacent bay?
Not sure if it matters but your Mastercard last 4 were shown.
That is AMAZING!!!! Super charging has been my favorite part of road-tripping with Tesla. Never have to pull out your wallet, you just plug in, charge, and go!
It’s hilarious that Tesla’s non-optimized charging experience for non-Teslas is still 100x better than any non-Tesla charger.
I’m amazed at how many non-teslas showed up there in a short amount of time
Looks like a shit show of non teslas that desperately need good chargers.
So is there some kind of software in play to keep you from using your own adapter? Still I can see why this would be the way to go.
I wonder if Salvage Teslas will he able to charge too now
Tesla owner. I don't like that sh*t. 🍌 I don't like that sh*t.
55% for $30 covers about 160 miles with a Rivian. If I did math right, this isn't exactly inexpensive!
Marques seems like a really friendly neighborhood guy
The map defaulted to Africa because that's where 0 latitude and 0 longitude is, in the Gulf of Guinea. Also the problem with the cables is that a longer cable will have more resistance and be less efficient. It's also expensive to just use longer cables, so there will have to be a middle ground of "the cable is long enough, but it's still optimal for charging"
Tesla should raise the prices from $.39 to $.59 per kwh. The only reason I'm set on a cyber truck is their charging network.
Don't forget Tesla has only opened some SC not all.
i think its terrible for tesla as a company
I would love to see an international overview. India, Europe and China have a very different and cheaper electric options.
Looking forward to the v4 superchargers to be installed in the US. Will make non-tesla charging experience more manageable.
I think if they simply swap out those shorter cables for longer ones most problems would be solved. Regardless this is an awesome milestone for ev’s. I wonder if all manufactures talk and play nice could they all agree on a standard placement of the charging port? Like how gas cars have it either rear left/right. Maybe same for EV. All ports rear right/left too 🤔🤔
Don't worry though. The politicians are pushing for all of us to be dependent on electric cars within the next 5 years and these complications for both gas and electric are going to come in common!
Tesla's SuperCharger network is a significant competitive advantage, I'm skeptical Tesla will cannibalize vehicle sales by opening the network to the degree that the experience for Tesla owners degrades. More likely Tesla will very carefully open stations to other vehicles based on utilization.
Will tesla superchargers stations still be reliable when hit with traffic from all ev brands? The related question is: what exactly is causing downtime at Electrify America for example?
Thank you for the video
Seems that making the cable double the length would solve all the issues. I know that the longer the cables get, the more power they lose, but I feel like Elon can figure it out😂
I have no doubt Elon fanboys are going to be extremely nice and accommodating for non Tesla users
We need extension cables for CCS!  Is it possible?  Who would sell it?
Easily solved with longer magic dock cables. Twice as long. There's room to mount a cable rack of sorts in the center.
O Tom from Inside EVs is also here :)
Why don't they put charge ports on all 4 corners of the vehicles? Or, even better, my very first car was a 1976 Chevy Caprice Classic. It was a family heirloom, long story. Anyway the fuel fill port on that car was in the middle of the back, under the trunk and behind the license plate. Why not put a charge port in the middle of the front and back? Then you only need two ports to be able to park the car any way you want at the charger.
Maybe they could just 1 make the cables longer and retractable or 2 give the stalls charger cables on both sides but only let that stall send power to one cable so that it can charge on either side. It would probably be more cost effective for a longer cable tho. As a Tesla owner I like the idea of more people being able to charge and having options, but I hate the idea of longer wait times
Let’s hope Tesla really limits how many non-Tesla cars are allowed at any one charging site.  Tesla buyers bought into an ecosystem if you will, that’s now being breached.
Make a split parking Tesla chargers in the middle
Elon has said that with the rollout of this they will start using longer cables on new satations
What a great demo and explanation! BTW videos that shot on  iPhone 14 Pro looks significant better than others on this channel
Tesla or non-Tesla, we really need some solutions that don't involve signing up to accounts online. None of this stuff will work the same in ten years, and online accounts for anything are shaky longevity wise. I'm not saying get rid of it -- this stuff is great when it works -- but we need a much more basic and low-tech backup that works offline, local to that charger.
So a longer cable isn't possible?
Think it is great but parking spaces need to change for things like the F150… is huge
Tesla said they are retro fitting with longer cables in Europe
$30 for 50% increase? Whats the equivalent in petrol in America?
The video quality on that iphone 14 pro tho. Sheesh
Africa is just 0° by 0°
Simplest way to fix this is longer cables.
3x PowerWalls, huh?  Well I certainly could do with that, knowing how much money I can make with wholesale power pricing.
I think they will only let other ev cars to charge their cars from those superchargers who doesn't have much load on them.
Just a heads up, the new Supercharger version (coming to the US soon) has a longer cable.  I do not know how much longer, but I think it will help with most vehicles from what I've been hearing.
The fact you beat Tom there shows your dedication!
I bet Elon measured the length of the cable required for the Ford and made it an inch shorter.
A huge problem only if you have a non-Tesla.  Beoches parked f'd up will get a lot of lip service.
My thoughts. Tesla should have sold an adapter with a 6'/10' extension to help with this issue. Why retro fit charging stations? The adapter would be a couple hundred dollars but the extension cable would let a car fit in the parking of the charger in front of it.
The real solution is government investment into public super chargers and more companies investing as well.
This is gonna be a nightmare for a while ☹ They have to figure out the cable issue or we're gonna have fights in the streets. It's like they didn't think through any of this. I'd equate this to Apple's Magic Mouse charging from the bottom. How could Tesla make such a great design/solution with the Magic Dock, but not make the cable longer? I guess that's why they named it Magic Dock. Either it was a nod to Apple or you'll need magic to charge 🤷‍♂
As for charging location on your Rivian, sounds like a you problem
every time I see an EV video, I understand it less and less. This all seems like more headache and more problems. I want to fill up and go in two minutes, not wait to charge my car and have to think about "charge etiquette".
What would happen if you have no phone? (No signal, forgot to bring, dead battery and can't charge, or broken)
I really like this style of unscripted content. Feels so much more genuine
What is this, a crossover episode?
TOM!!!! What's up?
Sounds like charging an EV is pretty expensive out there. At that price point you can get much more cost-effective gasoline/diesel powered cars.
MarKiss
Plugin hybrids are king right now. They avoid this mess.
V4 has longer cables. Will take time to rollout. V4 chargers in Europe right now. ❤️❤️❤️
Why don’t they just add longer cables?
I want an electric car but I don't want to experience all that charging mess. Looks stressful.
Ecars are like being vegan,or gay.. So EVERYTHING is ,gay,vegan,charge..
Watched both this video and the State of Charge one. I noticed two things, the iPhone’s mic is picking up both your voice and his voice clearly. He is using a lapel mic and we can barely hear you on his video. This gave me some consumer advice on what to do with my sound setup and when to use or not use a lapel mic. Live demo. Thanks again for a great video
The whole "opening chargers to other EVs will damage the Tesla user experience" thing is stupid, the Tesla user experience would be damaged the same way if more Tesla's were sold. If you are worried about having a free supercharger, why do you recommend the car to all your friends and try to get everyone to buy one? If we are to transition to EVs fully, this whole thing is inevitable. It's funny because just last week I was thinking how if a new EV company ever got the ability to charge from Tesla superchargers, it would be a huge pro over other brands. Then Tesla comes and opens them to all EVs. Great idea in my opinion. Tesla has said their point was not to be a competitive brand, but to convert the world to EV vehicles. If they really believed that and wanted that, they would make their infrastructure public and opensource, not brand exclusive. Great step in the right direction.
The newest generation of upcoming superchargers (not deployed yet) will come by default with a CCS plug.
Marqees the 🐐
Charging cables should be long enough to reach two spots over.
Sorry what, 30 USD to charge not even to 100? Why so expensive?
It would be nice to see vehicles in the future have better loacations for their charge ports, like one on each side right behind the headlight or tailight. That way its alittle more optimized for these chargers.
That Africa thing wasn’t funny Elon
i wonder how many electric cars he has
Wait until criminals start targeting drivers at these charging stations.  High end cars, lots of money, easy pickings and lots of opportunity.
Owner of a Tesla model 3 and a Mustang Mach e.  This is a great thing.  There are going to be growing pains.  It's going to cause issues in the short term, but in the long term this is good for the EV community.  We need an open ecosystem with competition.  This will push both sides to improve.  I can't wait for superchargers in my area to support this.
longer cables would be nice, but vehicles should also put their charge ports more in the corner. Ideally there will be a standard. Maybe after this trail period, Tesla says X, Y, and Z vehicles are ok to charge, but A, B, C, etc can't because they will cause problems for everyone else.
Maybe Tesla should put in slightly longer cables along with the adaptors. Or Ford should make that flap open the other direction.
RIP non-Tesla owners
The same argument I've heard made about why ALL cars don't have gas tanks on the same side. I think this is the why gas stations are designed to use the pump from either side of a vehicle.. Tesla should build future charging locations using this same rationale
This is similar to the iphone and android rcs, blue and green bubble issue😂
opening the tesla network up to non-teslas instantly makes [owning an EV] more palatable for a great many people I think. but I don't think it's enough to pull in anyone who wasn't already considering an EV. Especially with that pricing. tbf, i don't know how much range 55% of that rivian battery will get you, but $30 USD sounds like more than what my ICE corolla usually costs to fuel up with a costco membership. living out of a home I can charge at, I'd still rather go PHEV than EV.
$30.00 for a charge? i don't think crowding will be a problem
If Tesla doesn't put in longer cables, could people with non-Teslas bring an extension cable with them?  (Such a cable may not be available yet, but maybe someone will start making them...)
I wish every EV just had its charging port at the center front or rear. We are not pumping gas on the side anymore.
Did he say it cost 30 bucks and 30 minutes in the same breath? Lmao ..
Tesla just announced their V4 chargers will have longer cables but generally the shorter cable is better for the environment, charging speeds, and usability so I don't know how much they'll extend it. I bet in the future though you'll see a lot of vehicles adjust their charge port location to work with superchargers since that's a big selling point.
I love this new clone Marquisse, he's perfect as a stand-in for Marques when he can't be bothered to drive all the way to Brewster, NY.
Very detailed. Thanks 👍
Look at marquis man so inspirational
Right now charging stations are installed "off to the side" as a niche thing to have. As they become more common you may see more in the middle of car parks so people can charge from either side. But a longer cable coulnt hurt.
I have a feeling companies may attempt doing a similar Tesla Charging Station just for their company. I believe this is time for government's role, their time where they need to say add 'restrictions' in particular ways. I just see 20 years from now for there to be possible Ford Charging Stations and I think it should be a gas station to charging station replacement rather than just a charging station creation(in dead/empty space). Almost all cars have the gas tab on the left since that is the way most people drive into gas stations(in the US). It's no regulation but broadly acknowledged by car manufacturers. EVs I think are a different case since cars are legit parked. I just hope this is not what drives EVs off the sheets. I want the Rivian and the plaid  and hope my possible children may tell me one day of a possible EV so much better than our current one's, top ones today. Like comparing iPhone 14 Pro with the iPhone 3g.
Crap like this is why I haven’t pulled the trigger yet on an EV. Also because they cost a lot more and I’m hoping they improve the range in a few years. But mostly because it’s so damn fiddly to deal with. Would not get one for use outside of my city at this point. Need to wait and see how this pans out. Makes me want to open a charging business off the highway though.
Cross over episode
In general, what a pain to charge electric cars. It's definitely not for me.
This is indeed a game changer. I was just thinking the other day if there was an adaptor for non-teslas to use
Marques stays winning, such a genuine guy.
Coming soon! Tesla extension cords starting at $150
It's more enjoyable to watch the continuity between the two videos (the autofucus one (this) and from the state of chatge(the other one)). I dont thing if I've ever seen surch a coincidental collaboration in youtube, and its awesome.
Hey yo we checked out that State of charge channel.. cmon on man.. those transitions🥴
F’kn brilliant video.  You are always the best 👍🏻
A slightly longer cable or carrying a short extension cable doesn't seem an insurmountable hurdle. Tesla charger availability gives me more hope for rivian. Heck, with the rivian you could just do a little off-roading and pull up to the charges from the dirt/grass side
Many tech guys are moving in this automotive sector. Why?
Freaking finally. Something that should've been there before now finally came
This is why EV cars are not ready for the big time. Until these companies can offer a 500 mile rage on most EV cars. Then, they must be affordable for the average person. Most of all, these cars are gonna have to have plenty of places that have reliable charing. Im able to charge at home most of the time, but out on public chargers isn't a good experience. Especially, with an expensive car. Charge times need to be faster as well.
Just for you to have captured the "theoretical" mix of Tesla's and non Tesla's charging all at once provides some concern for current Tesla owners in select areas I would imagine. Cablegate is going to be interesting... That was a fail in my book for the F-150 although it would work perfectly with the pull through spot.
Yo everybody get out🤬 Tesla priority🤬
Markeys
Why did you go back to filming with you iphone 🤔
Most possible plug and charge ... again from Tesla. FYI On todays investors day they mention new version of SCH in Europe with longer cables, probably cause Magic dock occupied spots issue.
Been a thing here in Europe just that it’s way more expensive , this is news in US? Weird.
Just make the cords longer, problem solved.
The problem is not Tesla's the other car companies didn't bother making a network of charging stations
I don't know much about electric vehicles in terms of how much it costs to charge or how much is a lot or a little for battery sizes and stuff. But for 30 bucks couldn't you fill up fuel efficient car all the way? That price seems high to me. Feel free to correct me. As I said, I'm not that well versed on the electric side of things.
Well it shouldnt be optimized for non-Tesla. Buy a Tesla.
1.  longer cables are currently being tested in Europe, Tesla just started piloting here in the US, but they've been en masse in Europe for nearly years now, this isn't their 1st rodeo for non-ev's.   2. Tesla prefabs their charging stations, so to see comments that suggests Tesla to "make more space" to accommodate  non-tesla etiquettes is not an option if you want to build out charges at extreme scale. 2.2  Longer cables does not solve for double park, as the lengthier cables aren't exaclty 2-3x longer, just long enough to maybe reach the other side of the EV's, not the other END.
Its always about money. Always has and will be. I have a Tesla. Sitting and waiting now because other EVs have to take up 2 spots is ridiculous. The same people who talked bad about tesla now are excited about using Tesla charging network
Just increase length of charging cable...🤗
This is a disaster. It’s bad enough that the lines will be longer but if one car is taking 2 spots people are NOT going to be happy. They need to extend the cables before they open any more.  Appreciate your great videos. Well done!
2-3 years from now...people will be fighting for a spot LOL
Extension cables will be a thing
EV stations are equipping cameras to stop thieves from cutting the copper (charging) cables.
In Europe they are piloting this since 2021. now working in like 10 countries.Also thanks to EU all chargers use IEC 62196 Type 2 connector since it was declared standard by the EU.
The only thing I’d take issue with is dictation. Even in the latest iOS I’ve really found dictation to still be really unreliable. I spend more time manually correcting it afterwards than just typing to begin with.
yo the camera quality is amazingggg!
Everyone should carry 20ft long extension cable :D
30$ for that charge is alot
will not longer/retractable cables fix this?
It's weird that you can't know if the charger is broken/full before you arrive. In my country all the apps show where the chargers are and what type of charger and if its in use / not working
Lol - Tesla day one non Tesla charging works better than electrify America 😅
I think Tesla should put magic docs on one end for non Tesla's. That way it won't have a huge impact on Tesla's wanting to use a supercharger. But also, I think we need to figure out how we can charge at home. I only use superchargers if I get extremely low on charge. Otherwise, I just charge at home using level 1 over night.
To bad it's just New York at this time. Finally a sign EVs are leaving early adopter phase and moving to main stream use. Fast chargers are still a rare find where I live.
Crazy that buying gas is significantly cheaper
Definitely a huge deal for non-Teslas. Charging network is the main reason to not buy them right now. Hopefully it won't be a big deal for Teslas... The short cables are biting Tesla like the decision to not put cameras in the front of the car. Not that it's their responsibility to be the charging network for all the companies that failed to build their own, but opening the network would work a whole lot better if the cables were longer from the start. I'd guess they will probably just lengthen the cables for new installs, and current chargers will get them whenever it's sensible to upgrade the charger.
Increase charge cost for non-Tesla vics and decrease charging cost for Tesla vics seems like a good PR move. 11:22 Also probably Elon way of poking fun at Ford
There are only 3 places for the charge port to be located. On the Front, Front right or Rear Left. I wonder what the reasoning is behind the decision to place it anywhere else.
I think Tesla should just keep it exclusive for them
Camera quality clean iPhone 14 pro max?
“i don’t think so mar-kees” 😂
Wow! I get why the fans will kick in on the charger, but still surprised me they did turn seeing the snow. Immagine during summer how hot those things get! Crazy!
1:35  Why Africa?  Because that point in the ocean west of it is 0 degrees N/S and 0 degree E/W and the app is geography agnostic. 🙂
Tesla will sell CCS extension cables.
Every new EV will have a back right charger port from now on! Cant see how it would be difficult to have two ports on vehicels going forward. Tesla chargers will surely become the unoccicial standard, can see in 3 years Tesla makes as much money from charging as building cars! Potentially an itunes/app store moment for Tesla!
Mark the spots for each specific station so people know what parking spot is for what station and just make the cable a lot longer so it can reach whatever side your port is on. Problem solved
You best Tom Moloughney to the punch. That’s quite an accomplishment. And a good Review too. I’ll be looking for a Supercharger soon, to try out on my VW ID.4 with its rear charging port. Passenger side. I may bring along my Jdapter to see if it works on other chargers without the built in adapter. Yes, Jdapters exist and I’ve got one.
Can we hear both sides of the story. Share the platform.
Make the cable longer. Problem solved.
Lucid showed up and there goes another 2 stalls and then f150 and say goodbye to another 2 and I’m just waiting for a Bolt to show up 🤦‍♂️.. This is ridiculous and a nightmare for everyone besides ofcourse these guys who are plugged in.
Simple solution, put the charger in the centre of the parking spot. For locations like this just move the lines so the charger is centred. Done!
Original Type 1 and Type 2 plugs supported DC fast charge without CCS. Tesla superchargers in Europe for S and X do not use CCS part to supercharge, so every Tesla station has 2 cables.  And most Type 2 vehicles use 1 phase only, even though 3 phase is better for grid.
That nice fella in the Lightening was Tom Moloughney. He is an OG in the EV world. Amazing seeing that happenstance encounter with Marques. I love when my favorite YouTubers cross paths.👌
The map defaulted to Africa because Elon is African American.
In theory, if it was all Rivians at one location, they would still be able to take up all available spots. So maybe they could separate the non teslas from the Teslas, although that may seem counter intuitive
F150 seems so poorly designed. Why is the charging port towards the middle of the truck, and why is the port door opening in the most obtrusive way possible? All charging ports should be on the corner of a vehicle, that's literally the only design constraint. It doesn't matter which corner, pick any corner you want, but it has to be a corner!!!
Wow -- I didn't realize the charging cables were so short at Tesla's Superchargers.
I don't know anything about the logistics of the chargers, but why cant they orient the chargers like a gas station. I know it costs more to do a room and the to put the cables under the asphalt but it would theoretically solve the issue of car charging orientations. Like I think they exist, but just standardize it as the EV becomes the norm.
Still too much messing around to charge. I'll keep paying for Deisel because it's faster to fill up and simple
Great video. I think Elon or his team in the investor day said they are going to make longer cables. They sould have thought about this before trialing it out
Very cool video.  One of his most important.
There should be a regulation telling all EVs manufacturers to put the charging port in the same place on all vehicles and use the same plug.  Simple & Eco friendly!
Tesla mentioned at Investor Day that V4 chargers are being deployed (in Europe only for now) and they have longer cables just for this reason
at 10:22, I think that is the rivian chirp not some random bird...
$30????
Is Tesla the only company making progress on Charging stations? Or is anyone else have anything close?
I love Tom.  One of the best EV media guys out there
One minor observation..... i think the way the panel opens in rivian was also well thought out..... it opens to the top. But rest of the cars either open left or right..... so in case there is a charger coming from left or right it might get blocked because of the panel, just like the ford owner struggled...... but with rivian be it left or right it will never block the cable
Can they make the cable longer?
Easy fix by including a longer cable at the Supercharger like you have at all petrol stations around the world?
LOL It was showing Africa because it centred the map to 0, 0
The accidental collab with another content creator was great.
the quality of the video image is A-mazing 👍🏼
Tesla makes more $$$
ChargePoint has the best setup by far. Long cables, easy setup, fast charging. Worst by far is Blink. Have had only issues with them. Either way, we can’t keep designing chargers like gas pumps. Why stick to the old when you can innovate something new
State of charge Youtube channel is the best place to learn EV charging. Tom does amazing work there. Thanks for the shoutout.
Imagine during a zombie apocalypse you run out of battery and you gotta wait 45 minutes for a full charge 😂
the charger port for tesla are on both sides.
Maybe you should carry a ccs extension cord so you dont need to take two spots up.
Very informative video
Went from empty to crowded… i dont think it’d work in a non-deserted area
The whole point of this is to speed of EV charger availability. Tesla network won’t be my 1st choice but it’s good to know they’re an option. People need to keep that mindset
In NL🇳🇱 lower speed charger poles are government placed in the street and speed chargers are commercially available mostly at traditional gas stations or Fastned Charging hub at highways. This went so damn quick within a couple of years. I am amazed how fast the Netherlands pulled that off. Though there is no real culture yet developed around this waiting time. With the exception of the McDonald's 😉 they also offer fast charging. Guess where i was...🤣🤣🤣
Dude who is the engineer that designed that charge port door to open in the direction of where the charger and cable would be? Totally asinine. Did Ford want to sell those trucks?
Why isn't there a standard charging plug and spec for electric vehicles like there is for gas vehicles?
I wish you guys would stop using the phrase "public" charger. They're not public. Electrify America and others are private companies. Electrify America in particular is the biggest one, the one that really causes the most problems, and it's owned by...Volkswagen. You guys need to stop referring to that crappy chargers as "public" and start referring to them as what they are which is a disaster mismanaged by Volkswagen.
All these years later and still so much more complicated and slower than a petrol or diesel car, not worth the hassle
Defaulting to Africa is super sus 🤔
Charging station fights will happen as EV gets more popular.
I would think you add a ratcheting mechanism for the cable so you can pull it as much cable as you need
$66 for a fill up. No thanks.
longer cable needed ig
Marquees meeting other non tesla people *insert Spider-Man pointing meme*
Has our wonderful government thought.. hmmmmm... lets create a standard... maybe these should be in the front or the back.. like ICE vehicles.
how do these charging costs compare to public chargers?
simple solution just go to a tesla super station that doesn't accept other evs other than teslas
30 mins. Not fully charged. $30. Had to go out of your way... I'll stick with my 5.0 V8 Mustang. 😎
“This is going to be a huge problem for a lot of people”  Bro. The hood of your car is almost as tall as you. Make better choices my dude
Use your S23 Ultra to shoot these type of videos
Maybe put charge ports on both sides of the car like the Taycan?  🤔
easy fix for Tesla;  Make the cables longer
Going to need a lot more superchargers really fast.
as much as i love android.....the videos on the 14 pro are just glorious.
Cable issue will be resolved. State of Charge is absolutely annoying, and i will not be checking out his channel.
This is a huge business opportunity for tesla because now instead of having mega charging locations that stay empty like the one in California it can be packed with all electric models.......plus the auto industry should adopt a standardized charging plug
So it cost 30 bucks to increase the charge by 50%. SIXTY BUCKS TO FULLY CHARGE??!! Hope the cost of energy goes down
Imagine tesla pulling up and seeing this… id be pissed
I think the best way to minimize inaccessible chargers is for all the Teslas to clump together on one end and all the other EVs to clump together on the other end.
Would have parked at 1A charge spot… but I get the point of the video.
Very cool. Tesla could be a charging station leader for all EVs as we hoped.
How about drive it in the rain
I love how you YouTubers show eacheother LOVE. I like Tom's channel too, he's really helpful.
I'm surprised that Tesla actually did it. They could have pulled an Apple and keep the walled garden. I am looking forward to the reliability of the Supercharger network. Electrify America has consistently let me down.
Is that a Sony Ericsson phone? It's really sleek.
Dang the video quality is insane
wait... $30 to charge an electric truck?
Why are the cords so short
That beard lookin nice and crispy 👌
Umm, make cord longer
like literally why are all of these EV manufacturers putting their damn charging ports in all of these non Tesla spots on the car. follow the leader.
Longer cables needed and definitely need to have dual charging stations. This will potentially solve the etiquette issue.
I just want TESLA to be in charge of nationwide charging station build out.... many more are needed. And they have proven to get things done fast!  As a RIVIAN owner the other wish is to open road trip chargers away from cities... the cities Tesla chargers are already crowded and I completely would understand Tesla owners frustrations
i’m so disappointed with Tesla making this move.
Lmao it defaults to africa. Based tesla app
Congrats on having been ONE the first.... even beating out Tom.... I would have thought you know each other as Tom is the most trusted charger reviewer on the planet. Looks like Out Of spec Dad was the first  ;-)
Omg, I wanted to fight him every time he called him “Markeece” 😩 and Marques was so nice about it! 😭
MKBHD hosting a car meet.
Scary as heck. I'm older than most of the people in your video. I bought a new camera once on recommendation from a YouTube video. I discovered it needed an app to operate. I still have no clue how to download the app. The camera is a three-year-old paperweight. For electric vehicles everything is an app. One fellow on this video can't get the cord to reach his truck charging port. It seems EV's are fine for people who live on apps. I've driven hours in -35 to a photography job in remote Canada through areas where there was no cell phone coverage. I can't see trusting apps and chargers to get there and back. I like your videos, but I'm learning it's a huge risk in going EV.
Wow, that rollout was quick. I guess everyone needs uncle sam's money.
1:34 Thachts bechause itch’s where the equator and prime meridian meet 🤓
480V*, not 400V. But it's really cool that Tesla has started to do this. Hope this expands
Great video--I saw the State of Charge video too. Thanks for covering this. I am looking forward to some road trips this summer and not having to worry about range anxiety in my R1T. I'm in California, so it's not that bad, but I'll take better.
Interesting! Thanks for sharing it. ✌️
Can always tell immediately when these are shot on iPhone vs when they’re shot on anything else. It’s good to be back lol
As a Tesla owner and live near one of these in cali I will be keying cars that take up two spots. The Tesla FAQ states to not take up two spots 🤷🏻‍♀️. That’s their warning 😂.
Just a thought, have you considered recording on 2 phones, so you can keep one facing you so the audio doesn't bad when you shoot away from you
MarKeese
kinda overly dramatic when the solution is just providing a longer cable. Im sure those cables are servicable meaningt they can easily be swapped out for a longer one...   Self proclaimed Tesla eng. in the comment sections says they will be rolling out longer cables "if it works".
Marcus didn’t recognize the authority of EV charging. Next level status. 😂
Kudos for helping another channel 👌
Rivian is 400v so supercharger can give as much as it can take
Just get a Tesla
Hey MKBHD I don't think it's as rare as you think... I just re-downloaded the Tesla app (I have a Rivian R1T) and searched around me and TONS seemed available (a large metro area of FL), like dozens.
9:48 "I don't think so Mar-Quise" 💀
Another way for Tesla to make money besides selling Carbon Credits.....
‘Markees’ 💀
Poor design by Ford to put the charge port too far back from the front of the F-150. Shows how much thoughts they put into it.
But why? Why would Tesla inconvenience Tesla owners?
Extra cable length seems like an easy fix for most use cases since they already need to add the extra dongle. Glad Tesla is open to the idea of cross manufacture charging. Seems like a win win.
This is such a DUMB move by tesla. Their charging network is one of their best COMPETITIVE advantages to just give the away is INSANE.
I already have a charging cable in my Tesla, so why not sell extension cables for people to carry in their trunks?
Sounds like there’s a market for an EV charging extension cord.
Thanks to power companies, the fuel savings we imagined are in the trash
This is a good test. Tesla will probably watch this.
I think they could have a longer cable rolled up inside the station. So it looks that same but has more slack to smoothly pull from and roll back up when done.
Just like a garage if you pull up on the wrong side, just make the cable longer cheers.
Most refreshing day of seeing massive coverage on Tesla, without looking at any of their vehicles of driving them. Love it
9:48 Ford Engineers: 'Let's place the charging port at the front of the truck so people can pull straight in to charge.' Also Ford Engineers: 'Let's hinge the charging door to block the charging cable when you pull straight in to charge.'
Thank God for you early adopters putting up with this BS....
will you get the taycan now? before you said not having the network was keeping you away.
I can see a future where a lot of Tesla drivers will get irritated.
This is so much pain to be early adopter.  I do understand the need for early adoption of tech to get to a better point on EV but I rather just deal with my classic dead dinosaur energy.
Wow 55% of charge for $30!!! Tesla is making bank on these other EV's. Must.... BUY..... More Tesla stock. ;-)
Is the price $0.49 per kWh normal? Too expensive for me. :(
Is there not already a cable extender that could plug into the Tesla cable once released for dcfc? Something a lightning owner could carry with them to give them more length when wanting to use a Tesla charger?
I'm sure you can charge a tesla on either side of the car
That's a superb nice and raw vlog style video. Superb perspective.
50% charge for 30 dollars.  What a deal! + your time
30 bucks for 50% charge. Fuck Electric over priced and the electricity is only going to get more expensive. I’ll keep rocking my Toyota hybrid.
There’s already Tesla owners in CA fighting for spots just to charge. It’s wild now that there are more of these cars on the road than infrastructure to charge them. Can’t wait to see fights breaking out cause someone didn’t park properly so others can charge. Haha
I don’t think it’s Tesla’s responsibility to adapt their charging cable length to accommodate every other EV company. They’ve already begun opening up their charging infrastructure and their patents. It’s other EV manufacturers responsibility to start putting the port on the same side if they want their customers to have a better charging experience.
I find it really interesting that all the, to borrow your phrase from the beginning of the video, 'non-tesla' vehicle owners are calling for longer cables, and no one has suggested that non-tesla manufacturers standardize their charging port placement into the driver side rear quarter panel (or optionally passenger front quarter panel). Just something to think about. One of the benefits for Tesla owners has always been not having to wrestle unwieldy CCS cables. It's very easy to charge when the cable is the right length to reach exactly to the charge port.
Tesla cheaping out on cable length is hilariously sad
Tesla is rolling out charging stations with longer cables. Looks like Europe is first.
Tesla designed itself into a corner by going form over function so that the cable fits nicely in the charger frame but now it’s too short to handle other vehicles.
Love the description where camera gear would usually be listed, and all you have is “iPhone 14 Pro”.  shows how far we’ve come
So 39 cents/kw for a 129kw rivian that's 39 bucks for a full charge. That's 50 bucks. For 350-450km range..    That's more expensive fuel than my GMC sierra 1500 per km (with the 5.3L v8)  I thought a big selling point is that you could charge them on the cheap?
9:28 I like that guy's monopod, does anybody know the name?
Possible solution: longer charging cables + reversing into spot  This would ensure the charger is on the correct size and solve the spacing issue correct?
1:34  Bruh....
Okay, looks like there's a glitch in the Matrix!
They announced at investor day, that there is a V4 charger being launched that will have a longer cord.  This is a soft, test roll out.
This is honestly 5 star content
It only takes 3 - 5 mins to pump my vehicle from E to F...... Electric takes to long
im gonna take a wild shot and assume that this is gonna be the only real major issuse till it gets resolved. then maybe something else pops up maybe not.
I drive a non Tesla EV for my daily, but I recently took my first Tesla road trip. I’m quite excited to be able to use Superchargers! This video is dead on, though. Even in a Tesla-only situation, you do encounter the occasional redone parking lots where the lines are painted different and you literally have to do the double space park to charge. So it’ll probably be a step up for the EA, ChargePoint, etc. crowd, and a quarter step down for the Tesla crowd.
That F-150 Lightning's charge port location is ridiculous. It could and should be much closer to the front of the vehicle, not 4 feet beyond the bumper.
This dude bitching about rich people problems. 🙄 😄 🤣
Is $30 for 30% to 80% seem expensive to anyone else?
I have used electrify america and its ok, not as bad as ppl cry about
You know Elon and Tesla watched this
they need to copy gas station layouts
Worlds collide - fun to see  Inside EVs/State of Charge and MKBHD meet up.
Tesla has just annoyed a whole lot of Tesla owners with this. I still appreciate Elon Musk for going towards his vision on full throttle.
"Charge your Non-Tesla" sounds so racist! 🤣🤣🤣
Why don’t they just make the cables 5 times longer
They need to send out extenders for other cars that have it on the "wrong" side
I do not want Tesla to change cable lengths. Instead, new superchargers should have several drive-thru design spaces whisk will allow all CCS cars to charge. With Tesla already expanding their network, it's a no-brainer solution.
Is this in pro res or not ?
couldnt they just make the cords longer and make it retractable? Also might need to get some legislation to streamline the charging ports and positioning.
As a Tesla owner, I really don't care about other EV vehicles. I'd rather they just go someplace else. None of these issues will affect me as I charge after 12am to get the best price and it's never busy. It amazes me that other manufacturers seem to simply not give any thought to standardization of their charging equipment.  Tesla is so far ahead of other manufacturers, it's almost embarrassing.
Markeeeesss he said 🙄. But 🥳 But OMG if I was shooting a video and you showed up wish me luck not loosing it 🤣
I pay gas for my truck. Electric vehicles don't make sense.
The superstar Supercharger of Youtube. This is where Out of Spec Reviews did their first non-Tesla charging. And State of Charge shows up. All such great channels, and this was the convenient charger. Hilarious!
Would love to see a video on the BMW i4
Just goes to show you Tesla will ultimately is an infrastructure company.
They should all be usb type c
$30 seems steep!  But then again I haven’t paid for gas or charging in the 7 years I’ve owned my Model S, so maybe that’s the going rate?     Great to see Tesla opening up the network and how it’s works…  I’m in line for an R1T so very good to know!
If I was a Tesla Car Owner I would be Extremely Annoyed that other Non-Tesla Vehicles are crowding "my Tesla Charging Spots".
That cable length has defintely got to change.
They could increase the distance/gap between each charger so vehicles could park in between them. This would let people pull in further and line up with the charger eliminating the need for longer cables or new stalls
It's a nice emergency option.
So charging is no cheaper than fueling with gasoline, unless you're charing st home🤔
I think the way this needs to go is open to all electric cars. What do we know about production? It's cheaper at scale and we need to get more charging stations built as that is a huge setback currently. Tesla will haver to address the cable length problem somehow and any other problems that pop up
Couldnt imagine having to pay for charging.  1st gen Tesla model s (p85) here, free supercharging for life. At 111k miles, ive never paid for ANY charging not even once.
This is great but this is going to be a nightmare for those who are not comfortable with technology.
Think this is due to a push in EU to open Tesla chargers... but need a push to standardize plug and location of plug, as well as communication standards... think canbus and OBD type standards
Is this like a tesla version of the apple messages blue bubble green bubble thing?
This is giving iPhone vs non iPhone user vibes with Tesla owners being like iPhone users with blue text bubbles lol
People pulling up in the middle of nowhere in expensive cars without anyone around is surely a great way for criminals to rob people, they just jump them while filling up take your car phone away and it could be hours before police are even involved, yeah some place are ok but most in America are in the middle of nowhere
Thinking that youbwere by where i used to live, wild. Craziest part for me 🤣
Bring It$$$$$$$$$$$$
What phone are you using?
OMG! 🥳
Solution: make longer cables?
Thanks for the informative video. Looks like the cords are short made for cars with the charger at the very front or end, and like you said it kind of bad positions.
Wonder if a new extension cable invented?
This is one of those times when the government should work with the private sector on creating standards. Specifically with the location of charging port, the design of the charging plug etc. before EVs begin to explode in popularity and availability
As a business move it's a wise choice. Look at the data and increase your customers in your low charge markets. Can also have the good pr of the choice.
Thanks for the video, Carlton.
30 to 85% = only 55% charge + 30 min of time charging + $30 for the supercharge... Love what EVs are doing for the world but the charging infrastructure needs improvement before mass adoption
30 bucks to charge a Rivian 😮 ouch! Tesla is way cheaper. The Rivian is an electron guzzler
Cool video. And cool that Tom from State of Charge was there.
I'm here for the default to Africa comments bahahaha
As a person who has none if I owned a Tesla and I was on 5% and all the chargers were full because non Tesla folks blocked the box I would be upset
1:33 Wow Tesla did us like that?😂😂😂😂😂
Love this video and the vibe once others showed up
Hmmmmmm, not sure about this move Tesla.  Might be too soon
I kind of wonder if tesla would be able to and/or willing to make a 3ft tesla-to-CCS adapter...  Or maybe some companies should make like a 3ft CCS-to-CCS extension cord..
Seeing this and knowing you’ve said you film this on iphone, I’m noticing the same issues with your footage that I’m noticing with the camera on my new 14 pro max, an uncomfortable amount of orange especially on skin, and a very awful hdr-ish effect (especially noticeable at 3:10 when you exit vehicle
Oh lord. As if the Costco shoppers from the Surburbs wasn't bad enough. Stretching the gas hoses over their huge suv gas guzzlers. This is going to be interesting.
So far seems like longer cables or extension cables would solve most of these problems. However, I don't know how a much longer cable would affect the efficiency of a charger. Since it's already super fast, even a few percent lost on the charging speed would probably worth it
1:32 I've been having this happen on my local public transport app both on my S22 and Mi Note 10 that's interesting
I came over from State of Charge, glad to find this channel!
Annnnnnd…. Is no one else noticing it costs $2.95 for 7 miles of charge??? That much time and energy?  🤷🏽‍♂️
“Idk why it defaulted to Africa ? “ dayumm !   💀🤣
Sounds like someone's going to make a bundle of $$$ selling extension cords for that specific adapter.  Otherwise, seems like a winner for non-Tesla owners given the alternatives.
ugh! I'm not ready for this people are going to break the chargers trying to get the chargers plugged in. This is great for the OVERALL industry, but it's BAD for the overall industries unless there can be some regulation on charger cable length or charge port placement on vehicles.
50% charge for$30+ is more than gasoline
Just park between the two parkings, right infront of your supercharge stall. that way every stall is still accessible wether having the port on left or right.
Well, I don't have as much reason to buy a Tesla anymore.
Interesting note about mapping applications that 'randomly' show Africa - it's lat/lon 0,0 of the west coast, so it's usually just 'uninitialized position'
Im kinda scared to see how many people are take up every charging stall now
Funny on your tesla plaid video I literally said imagine a world where tesla let's yoy charge non tesla at their station  I didn't predict the future I am sure elon been planning to do it all along  Was just a matter of time
1:32 damn tesla app racist
Sb file antitrust for tesla supercharging network
They do make an appropriate extension cord for this application. It's in the $500+ range for 6 feet.  If I was planning on using a Tesla charging station regularly... I'd get one for my own sanity.
Elon will see this and they will install longer charge leads. Elon is awesome!!
1:35 lolol you being racist app? Jk jk great video!
Relying on user etiquette will be like the airplane seats recline or not controversy. Tesla has to step in now.
Just carry a ccs extension cable
You would ideally want chargers next to places of interest.  Nobody wants to just be sitting there while your car is charging for hours. If places like doctors clinics, post offices, DMV's had car chargers you could at least run errands in the meantime.
Ain't no way I'm gonna spot someone who has maybe 2 inches before they hit a concrete barrier. Forget it. If you wanna wreck your car, I'm not finna be involved.
a solution could be to extend the charging cables so that they can reach those cars that charge from the front left
IMO this is better for electric cars. Tesla users may hate it just buy tesla is not the best thing for customers as competition is good for consumers. Those charging costs are insane. At this point fuel is cheaper.
I think the majority of the money you pay for a Tesla is the charging experience it's really reliable and fast as well as relatively cheap plus every now and then then maintain it do regular check ups I can tell
I think Tesla has already done its part by allowing non-Tesla cars to use these chargers, now it's the other car brands' part to place their charging ports in the right location.
Tesla explained it today they are retrofitting the charge cable to be longer for other types of EV’s.
This makes the idea of buying an EV so much easier. I live in Silicon Valley and see Tesla chargers all over the place.
Buddy had the Ford plugged in but it was a better video if it "didnt" reach
so we gotta buy extension cords?
Ford may want to re-think their charger plugin location and forward hinged door.
Thoughts? It's a bad design. Simple solution. double the cable length like a normal gas station. Second problem. Any gas station i pull up, run a credit card, fuel up. leave. I shouldn't need an app. You should be able to swipe a card, charge up & leave. These things are badly designed. They simply need design improvements. And every car should require the exact same nozzle. Period. Just like unleaded cars.
When the Ionia 6 test is coming ?
Why didn't they increase the length of the cable so it could reach either side of the car parked infront of it? I know the answer is money but it seems like that is going to be a major problem as shown by the Ford and forcing etiquette on ppl.
Interesting videos as always 😁👍 But was it me or there was a kitten crying nearby?😿
I like the surprise cross over with random EV YouTubers I'm game for more of this :)
ill stick to gas where it only take less than 5 mins to refill
the direction the door opens on that F-150 charging port is quite an oversight.
Maybe this means sales of cable extensions?
Why does the USA still use the type 1 round chargers? Europe hast type 2
Great video highlighting the non-Tesla experience. Even though this is less than ideal for tesla owners like me, it makes the ev landscape better holistically by being inclusive which I think is more important. We have an r1s on reservation and I’m even more excited. Ford really messed up with their charging port so deep near the driver door.
Seems like the only problem I can see with longer cords would be the same problem with some 10ft or longer phone cords: the longer the length, the less power the phone's gonna get...  ...unless that's a myth?  EDIT: Also "non-Tesla" seems like the incoming slur out the mouths of Tesla owners very soon lol
lmao the default to Africa part had me giggling
Everyone sub to state of charge. Cause why not. Make that man’s day/career
I don't know how they did it but the iPhone's video tho it's just on another level .
Darn! None in LA 😩 ...I wanted to at least try it out.
The competition of Tesla doing CCS will only force the other networks to improve.  It’s a win win for all.  Tesla can charge anywhere.  Now nonTesla can.  If other DCFC companies really improve their product, there should be less crowding and frustration at any station.
What a mess with these EVs. No infrastructure at all .
I know some Tesla owners are going to argue with me or give me the side eye when I charge my Livewire.
Getting a comment from Elon on Twitter - not bad for the channel! Thanks man, that was interesting
I think that especially since people with electric cars tend to know at least a little about other electric cars, they'll be able to tell when someone is going to need to take up 2 spots instead of 1. That being said, it will take some time before that happens, probably a couple of months, but hopefully this pilot program does end well and they start doing large batches of upgrades to chargers to either lengthen the existing cable or provide a second cable altogether that's, say 2.5x the length of the current one to ensure compatibility with any vehicle.
Tesla for the win!
Seems like a great idea from Tesla. I like how they are just testing the waters with just a few. When they decide to go full time I hope they increase the cable length to compensate or the automakers roll out a standard location for charge ports.
Best solution for the parking situation is to have two parallel rallies, like where in one row is only for Tesla and other is for non Tesla where they can position the charging station accordingly so it doesn't disturb the other non Tesla as well as Tesla users ... Also they can fix the cable length situation, a few more extra inches long cable can be installed, so when ev trucks like Ford f150 wants to avail this feasibility they experience the issue like the one we saw here , else they can lift off those barricades that are blocking so atleast the truck can move more forward
Very good evaluation.  Tesla always engineers a solution, so I am hopeful this is not full out installation of a bad design.  Hopefully Tesla rolls out, collects the data, and has a longer cable solution in play to allow non Tesla’s to charge while taking up only one spot.
Well OK then. My initial reaction was allowing non-Teslas on superchargers would be no big deal at all. This video has completely changed my mind. Tesla has much work to do.
out of spec review was at that same charger the night before.  amazing that it works so quickly! life changing for evs
Nice! And you ran into Tom filming his video for his channel at the same time!
Tesla just have to extend the wire
Solution: Longer cables
Regd the parking position which marques was mentioning, i guess even ford mustang mach-e has the charge port in the front ... But yea this is a great move and initiative by Tesla, a strategic move from them where they also cover the non Tesla owner into their business model .. and finally a solution for the Ford EV users who were stuck with the "Electrifying American charger" situation ....
Pretty cool video
It's 2023 and humans can't figure out how to cable. Sad state. Gas pumps can fill driver side or passenger side doors. We are so dumb.No wonder why we can'te ven figure out what sex we are
The way that f-150 charging hatch opens is bone headed no matter what charger you use.
Definitely need to have longer cables now and some parking etiquette. I don’t think it should roll out yet at very busy stations just yet until they figure out all of those other logistics.  Overall though it’s going to be great to have a reliable charge network for everyone.
@5:25...mmm. Nice
OMG the guy calling him “  Marquees” 🤦🏾‍♂️ you’re a patient man Marques!
Random useless note: it defaulted to “African” or null island because you most likely started at Lat and Long of 0. If you do this in google earth it takes you to off the coast of Africa. Known as Null Island. Every time I geocode stuff for work and there’s an error it ends up right there.
They said today that they’re deploying v4 superchargers in europe with longer cable lengths
Your concern about a non-Tesla visiting a very busy Supercharger won't happen since Tesla in their FAQ on the CCS roll-out said that "Future sites will only be opened to non-Tesla vehicles if there is available capacity."
I put 30 as well on my Accord and gave me about 250 range.... Not bad prices are evening up, why the "new infrastructure? If the electricity comes from coal lol...  Nice videos!
Yes I am a tesla owner and is bias.  We are forgetting that there are multiple EVs out there and there is no common charge port location. Let's learn from ICE.  Do ICE have there gas cap at different corner of the vehicle?   Tesla open the chargers  now that is a crime. Tesla should have predicted that everyone who build an RV would put there charge port everywhere.   All the influences are not reporting on one thing.  Let's standardize charge port and cable size. Charge ports will get damage snap and people will get stranded for a preventable problem
$30, half an hour, for 55% range increase, or roughly +175 miles of range. Yikes. Yeah I'll stick to my 2 minute fill ups at any gas station anywhere.
Very informative!  As usual, great video MKBHD.  Thanks very much.
So I've been looking for years but have not found a CCS extension cord. I'm sure I'll have to buy one in a dark alley since I'm sure it violates national electric code but we might need one!!
$30 for half charge on about 300 miles of range. More expensive than gas.
As a tesla owner, I wont care if some non tesla is waiting for two spots to charge, I'll pull right on in and block them just for fun. Also 143KW is laughably slow
Can't fix stupid design (F-150, mach-e, bolt, etc charge port locations that require super long dc fast charger cables)
"This just made my Rivian a better truck" Tesla PR department just blushed
It’s a great alternative for me and my ID4, but I’m not planning on using it unless I have to. The closest one for me is Malta NY, and I’d have to drive past 5 CCS stations to get there. 😸
Play tetris boy 😂😂
Now way this was recorded on the s23 Ultra 👀🔥
Bit slow anyways, but at least my Hummer EV has its port on the rear left so no wasting spots I guess.
there going to need to update to make the charge cable hidden and armored from copper thieves and making them charge cable longer.
Wireless charging pads on parking lot structures, same concept used in phones, but for these electric vehicles, of course the redesign of the vehicles will be a factor.
Man, 50% charge and it's still $30? That means you are paying almost the same for electric power as gasoline, except it takes 10x as long. I hate to say it, but with more EVs on the road over time, charging costs are going to continue to increase and become a problem like has has.
Humans are frustrating. This is what happens when we don’t work together.
Why I would prefer the charging port to be in the back so you facing the other way than staring at noting in front. That Ford with the Door to the port made it hard to reach.
So glad I drive a gas car. Also the gas tank doesn't eventually wear out and require a $25,000 replacement.
49 cents a kilowatt hour, YIKES. Average is 2.9 miles per kwh = 16.9 cents per mile. Average car MPG is 24.2. I just filled up for $2.88 which is 11.9 cents a mile. And that's with gas a lot higher than it was a couple years ago. That's a 42% increase in fuel cost. I thought EVs main "benefit" besides the nebulous "save the planet" lie was "wE dOnT hAVe tO pAy fOr GaS"? If you drive 15k miles you spent an extra 750 dollars. Not to mention the extra 10 grand for EV vehicle, 2 grand for home electrical, higher insurance cost (more expensive vehicles cost more to insure), etc. "sAvInG tHe PlAnEt" sure is expensive.....
0:32 that's definitely a model y, not 3
Marqeeece
It cost $30? What’s the point of an ev if it’s still expensive to fuel
State of Charge 👏🏽👏🏽
America should just follow the EU and mandate one charging standard. That way the rollout of ev charging infrastructure can be sped up and not fracture the market.
Love the interactive aspect of this video
Half hour and 35$ 😅
It's truly crazy that the EV video gang pulled up at the same time on the same day.
My car gets 350 miles of range in less than 5 minutes…
Make the cables longer. Problem solved?
Why does Tesla want to give away their lead in charging?  Their charging infrastructure is their main advantage over the competition.   Apple makes trillions from their walled garden. But Tesla is opening its walled garden to competitors 👏 I guess It's nice for the consumers but not a good money making business decision.
This was pretty damn cool MKBHD
Ford didn't do itself any favours with the direction in which the charge port cover opens. Sideways instead of upward or down, and then it opens toward the outside of the vehicle (to the front end) rather than toward the center. Stupid design. Shorter cables reduce resistance, material cost, and ideally would also reduce wear from wrinkles. This one will have to endure higher wear from stretching... Idk
Couldn't they re paint the stripes to be centered on the charger and lengthen the cable
Just quietly you could have parked in 1a.. slightly out of the bay - but only taken one spot!
Once I saw a Tesla with a plate that said "N0M0T0R"....  Yeah there are going to be some fights over these
Why is that plug so big and awkward on that truck?
The new set up for all the charging stations needs to be pull through stations, not parking spots..  That or they can make the cables have extra length.
Tesla going back and retrofitting chargers with extra cable length is the easiest solution. It's not going to be a big deal.
I love you take on this. And the chance Collab with State of Charge was fun to see as well!
1:30 💀💀
Let's go you're using an Android! Android is superior to iOS
It defaulted to null island, not africa. (0,0). Youre welcome
From my understanding the only reason they’re doing that, is to get government subsidies that are currently offered if they allow more people to their grid
Elon should ignore pleas to conform his system to adapt to legacy cars. Elon should force competitors to put their ports on the aft port side, or the starboard bow side, to appease their customers.
The F-150 needed the Lucid spot
So $30.oo for 55% charge=How miles distance?
The etiquette thing is legit gonna be interesting to see. Imagine you’re on a trip and 4 or 5 non teslas are just crowding up the stations like the gym during new years lmao . People gonna be brawling at the charge stations
Tesla just needs to sell am "extension" cable for non Tesla's. Ide be okay if they required it to use their charges for a non Tesla as long as the cost isn't insane
Ford charger placement is horrendous. The flap opening the wrong way, unforgivable.
no thx
youre awesome Marques.
Props to Tesla for trying this. I think the less proprietary charging the better. Hopefully they rework these things with longer cables though.
Need a longer cable to reach so you could back in and still only use one spot.   Either way I won't be buying a EV of any kind until we get more infrastructure and non use of using coal and natural gas for electricity.   They need to come up with a way to use wind and solar power to use for these cars.
markeys
I can see it already. “This bitch with his big ass truck just taking extra space and taking time and the charger don’t even reach. Go somewhere else” lol. I’ll be here for it and I live in la so if they do open them up I might look into an electric car since I can’t charge at apartment and I will be the guy they side eye. Lol.
It remind me the experiencing of using iTunes on Windows. Usable but inconvenient.
What about a cable extension accessory? No one? Tesla?
EV people ☕️
It’s odd decision from Tesla because I think for some people one of the big reasons to get a Tesla was their network. But now if it rolls out like this then I’m definitely more inclined to get an EV(audi e tron gt)
Tom!!! I want those tires on my Lariat. Great video and thanks for including Tom’s Lightning. I will check my spot in Placerville, Ca
I appreciate you guys giving us a glimpse of what to expect. I know our society’s behind on rebuilding our infrastructure to accommodate and promote renewable energy.  But that won’t change if people see electric cars in a bad light.  Elon Musk says and does a lot of things that piss people off, but that shouldn’t get in the way of promoting a less polluted world!
I’m going to start a YouTube channel and just cruise charging stations in New York.
$30 for 50% I’m not sure how I feel about this
Today they announce that the V4 chargers will have longer cables for non Tesla EVs! Nice!
it is welcomed as long as they double the amount of chargers with the money they get from it. better for everyone
They announced in the Investor Day event that v4 chargers are in the works and starting in europe, that include longer cables
C'mon.......we all know why it defaulted to Africa...😎
Can someone smarter then me please do the math on what he said at the end of the video. It cost him $30 for x amount of miles for an electric vehicle. Versus how many miles it would cost if it was a gasoline car. Thanks!
EXCELLENT WORK MARCUS REALLY VERY USEFUL COVERAGE. LOVE IT, U NEVER DISAPPOINT!
Super clear and crispy video
I absolutely love EVs, but doesn't this show the better economy of using an ICE car for road trips,,, 49 cents a KW!, average batteries are 67KW...thats 33 dollars i.e. a full tank in a sedan. I mean, yes, the experience....but!!.. The Rivian is 105 KW, thats 53 dollars!! just saying. that they are challenging ICE cars now.. I guess one has to charge at home which reduces your use to commuting only.
Rivian and others could solve this by simply moving the charging input to the same location of Teslas and changing their manufacturing to use Tesla hardware.
explain what you mean by it's a little bit risky please.
I think Marques is making a bigger deal out of this given the low occupancy of most superchargers throughout the day.  This works in Europe where the density of EV is higher.
V4 Superchargers will have longer cables to reach cars with different charging port locations.
Marqueeees lol
the chargers should be rotated 90 degrees and there should be a sidewalk running behind them. that way disabled people can actually have a chance to plug in an electric car like a Elbee when other cars are charging around it.
A new problem: traffic jams comprised of YouTube creators mobbing the charging stations, 360 degree sticks crossed and ready for combat.
Lol, well I'm glad this is becoming a thing now... but it makes me really wonder why regulators would even allow companies to create proprietary charging networks in the first place. With all the regulations we have on our vehicles, did no one at NHTSA have the foresight to see this becoming a problem in the future? Makes me wonder if it's even allowed to sell a road legal ICE car in the US that uses non standard gas or diesel
I don't like this. Tesla should crush the competitors.
you shot this on iPhone.. love it
$30 to wait 30 minutes for a 260 mile truck charge? Lol, what?
At 1:30, the reason the map opens on Africa is because it's defaulting to the 0°0° coordinates, which is in the Gulf of Guinea off the coast of West Africa. It does that because the geolocation is too slow and it's not coded well enough to pick a sane default location like your home address or last known location. It's an easy fix for Tesla software engineers, but I'd guess that the PM isn't aware of it because they don't test that feature because they all drive Teslas.
its all because other Ev maker's crapy charging pot location, if everyone have their pot on either front or back of the car, there should be no problem for non tesla ev to use the super charge station at all.
As a tesla field tech, that cable being strained made me cringe haha.
Not a huge fan of Tesla, or Elon Musk in particular, but their charging infrastructure is unequivocally the best. It’s not even close… And that magic dock is slick and intuitive. Plug and play charging is simply how it should be done. This is awesome!
Ford/Rivian/Whomever needs to buy a Tesla supercharger, study its design, then see if they can buy out the 'Electrify America' network, and replace the current equipment with a better charging station/charging station design, for both non-Tesla EVs and Tesla EVs. Have the government subsidize them like they did Tesla, and let that auto company be responsible for managing the units (no 3rd party person who isn't invested in the process). VW has no incentive to keep Electrify America relevant, since it was done as part of a punitive process instead of an idea to help support their electrification; almost nobody puts in their best effort when they're forced to do something.
It defaults to Africa because that is where Lat/Long 00000 is. Bad execution by the mobile app engineer.
Would an extension cable work for the non Teslas?
Tesla should open the chargers everywhere seriously. So non Tesla charging companies are forced to get it together or be extinct.
Tesla said today during the investor day event that the V4 superchargers will have longer charging cables. So it would make sense to make the V4 chargers be the ones with the most Magic Docks installed.
Rivian engineers need to quickly change the location of the charging port to front right ASAP!
Imagine two hummer EVs taking half of the parking lot. Wouldn't other EV drivers feel entitled?
1:32 "I don't know why it defaulted to Africa just now... interesting". Am I the only one who caught that subtle comment and luaghed?🤣
MKBHD is a solid dude with a great channel. Couldn't imagine YouTube without bro! Keep up the great work!
Thankfully my city doesn’t have this. Our chargers almost always have a wait
the only time im going to buy an EV is when charging is no longer a topic.
What were you recording this on? The audio quality is terrible when the camera isn't pointing right at you.
Tesla extended dongle on their way😂
Slowly things are getting better, nice to see Tesla opening things up, for most of us superchargers aren't an issue because we charge at home, but it is nice to have the option on a road trip! Kia Niro EV owner!
It is great to have more charging options for my R1T. However my first choice would be a Rivian Adventure Network Charger if one is nearby. Tesla doing this should put a lot of pressure on Electrify America, EVgo, etc to improve the availability and reliability of their chargers.
I thought my Kona would be fine with the charger in the front. Now I am not so sure.
Imagine in 20 years Tesla's supercharging network becomes so big that they just stop making cars and become a EV charging company.
Have we talked about your Xpel Stealth wrap on your Rivian?
They are ruining the Tesla owner's charging network, that one thing they used to be proud of is a pain in a hole now.
I think they just need longer/extendable cords, maybe double sided for each dock. 🤔🤷‍♂️
They have addressed this short wire issue in their latest investers conference (within 3 hr of this video publish) they'll make'em longer.
Longer cable would fix that
Actual condition of EV charging!
Appreciate your content. I'm buying a hybrid 🤓
Glad I live in Asia. None of this electric new green deal stuff. Won't happen in my life time here. If China and India don't go green it's all a waste.
I’m sure Elon will eventually make a 12’ extension cable for purchase in the app. That way you could use the correct side and not cause this issue?
Tesla announced today at investor day, they will be putting longer cables on new superchargers
I have to say it was really cool to see people interacting in public and no one acting like they can't get along and work together.(Marques must be so used to people mispronouncing his name. 😅) I don't own an electric vehicle but I think  it's cool that the Tesla supercharger network is available for non Tesla vehicles.
30-80 for 30 bucks? :( my mini countryman is more economic than that =(
That parking/charging  lot is stupid, by design.  They can utilize both sides of charger by placing it IN THE MIDDLE of parking lot. (Like a petrol station)  Instead of placing them chargers, in a border line.
I’m sure there will be way more chargers later on.
Laughs in Tesla ownership.
Luckily, this was partially addressed at Investor Day. V4 Superchargers do have longer cables. They haven't said anything about retrofits but I can see every Supercharger, that supports third party EVs, getting these V4 chargers with longer cables.
Love the unexpected crossover episode with Tom Molougheny. I’ll probably try out the Supercharger with my Bolt EUV at some point, but I really don’t want to cause problems with blocking chargers. I think the Lucid driver had the right idea there.
$0.49 per kW. wow, why is no one concerned about the cost? that’s $66 to travel 300 miles best case. at the current price of regular gas here in MN ($3.10/g) i can buy 21+ gallons and easily travel 400+ miles @(20mpg) in a V6 F150. these super chargers are fast but the cost and inconvenience of not having them everywhere makes charging and driving an EV more expensive than a regular gasoline powered vehicle.
Then you get a 55kW Bolt charging there for an hour. And me having a Bolt, I would feel bad, even though I may need to charge.
the cables should be on a reel to give you the room!, like a fuel hose!
I love watching rich people struggle with crap like this.
Always use a Supercharger if you have a choice.  The comparison on reliability and ease of use is just absurd.
The market for CCS extension cables is wide open.
I watch Out Of Spec last night about these New York chargers. There are Extention cables available... yeah they are $150+ dollars and they add another point if failure.. but, they may ease social tensions at the charger.
Amazing. This is going be great for BEVs and Tesla overall. Be patient everybody. It’ll get better. Lotsa love from Toronto❤❤❤.
First World Problems
How long do you have to wait for it to charge? Fully?
Yeah, a Lightning (or a Mach-E) where the port isn't at a corner would definitely need the end "pull-in-forward-towing" spot.
$30?!?!??! I've never spent that in my model 3... wtf m8!
Vehicles with charge ports between the axles is insanely stupid for a multitude of reasons. This is only one, and far from the most compelling.
Bunch of you tubers actually having the time to talk about how they charge their EVs.  Only they have time to do all of this.  Tesla making the current broken charging infrastructure slightly less painful does not really solve the problem of having to wait ridiculous amounts of time to charge your vehicle.  100% broken, all of it.
Personal extension cords are gonna be a thing.
In the near future Tesla is going to have to allow all of their chargers to work with CCS vehicles per gov regulation. This is a trial
Ridiculous. So for the sake of those first few thousand 1st-generation of vehicles with poorly placed charge ports, tens of thousands or even millions of cables will have to incorporate extra length of copper and plastics. I would say, leave them to their misplaced design standards, Tesla got it right first time. Also, what are industry standards for? This is a regulatory shambles.
I can imagine tesla owners  crying because  the non tesla owners are charging  their cars
Why didn't he route the cable over the flap in the f150
Wow, that worked just like "magic," Marques!
It's very weird for them to do that and start opening the charging network to other cars, becuase as far as I can imagine that was their biggest advantage against their competitors. I would have imagined them start adhering to right to repair and making their cars more easily repaired rather than opening their charging network
Charging electric cars is going to be a huge problem as there are more EVs in use. The charging infrastructure in nowhere it needs to be to support an increasing amount of electric vehicles.
Wait...it cost 30 bucks to charge for 30min? not to full? I thought it was supposed to be pennies? I fill up my Santa Fe in less than 2mins with gas for 35-40 bucks.
I see a simple solution for the charging. Tesla is likely to take a select few chargers, rotate them perpendicular, and mount them midway on a parking spot line. Front , back, left, right, same cable should be able to reach, depending on forward or reverse parking. The only losers are gonna be those who have the charge port, front and center of the vehicle.
Yeah ill stick with a gas station..
Hey, here's a thought: Why don't all EV makers choose to put their charge ports in the same spot which, traditionally, has been at the back of the vehicle, on either side? That way we don't have to discuss how and in what orientation you need to pull into the charge bay. Pretty simple, right?
You’ve GOT to do an AUTO FOCUS episode on Aptera. They could really use the attention and their vehicle has the NACS charger built in already + solar charging that greatly reduces it’s dependency on the grid to begin with.
How about selling an extension cable since Tesla are stingy with their charger cable lengths
How did you film this one handed so smoothly??
I own a F-150 Lightning. I am glad that Tesla DC fast chargers are available for all vehicles.   I hope you and Tom from State of Charge do an interview/ EV podcast together!
Is there something akin to an extension cord available that cars can carry?
damn $30 for for 30 mins of waiting.... that does not seem beneficial  at all...
This was done to net tesla some serious federal tax subsidies, which will ultimately mean more total chargers. Even though there will be more non-tesla's charging, I think this will quickly even out with the money allowing them to build more and build faster.
did I just see you drive 67 miles to charge your vehicle? this seems like something only wealthy early adopters would use and regular people will not. I will not buy an EV because of this, and not for at least another 10 years until I can charge it anywhere
This seems optimized for helping ev road trips. And the more people using these, the more money they have to build more spots per location or more charging locations
Honestly, iPhone 14 pro video quality is better than S23 ultra. No doubt
But wouldn’t this be part of the master plan for Elon? I mean, the charging station is empty and perhaps through analytics they have determined that for them to make the infrastructure as profitable as possible, they are making them accessible for non-Tesla charging. If it works and people use more Tesla chargers for non-Tesla charging, they create a larger market capitalization. Smart! Very smart land surprising that they didn’t do it sooner.
MKBHD giving shout outs to other content creators is one of my favorite things. That was such a pleasant and organic experience caught on camera and it was fun to be along for the ride.
how about just getting tesla extension cable ? :))) or just #mowthestupidpole with f150 !!!! :P
As a future Tesla driver, yes I have concerns that this could impact my charging experience. The last thing I want is waiting in a line of non Tesla drivers on a Supercharger
Thank you for sharing! That’s great news even with some of the challenges due to the placement of charging ports. Looking forward to see some super chargers with this capability pop up in the PNW…
Don’t forget that charge time goes up BECAUSE of the slower charging vehicles
I don't know the logistics of it but it seems like a redesign of the chargers to include 2 cables on one and lengthen the cable 6 inches to a foot. It is unlikely that both cables on the charger would be used at the same time but at least drivers would have proper options on how they want to pull into the spot.
*cries in 2017 Chevy Volt*
Couldn't you just make a coil solution to extend the cable??  Like those air compressor stations when you need to pump air for a flat tire?  You can stretch that cable all around the car and it'll retract right back.
I don't think such an "etiquette" would or should develop. Tesla should just fix this issue by fitting a longer charging cable, or by providing an extension cable. The comically short cable is quite a joke to begin with.
With the F150 - If the charging door opened the other way, wouldn't it have been easier to plug in?
I was told tesla has 2 charging port one on each side
What nonsense.  Pay more for the privilege of endless charging hassles and range fluctuations due to weather or towing.  All to virtue signal your planet consciousness while you're really just shifting the CO2 burden to another geography.  The irony is that to build out the grid to support all this, rates are going to skyrocket, so the mythical fuel savings will never be seen.  Technical feasibility does not equal practical improvement.
Seems like they should offer an extension/adapter kit to solve the parking issues.
If they're serious about this, they just need to install longer cables. That's a mess of a situation which is going to hurt Tesla owners as well.
Tesla just mentioned today at their Investors event that they have started deployment of their V4 chargers (initially in Europe) that have long cables on them! That will hopefully help in the future!
Elon new were to put them. Cause he knows there's some youtubers in that area. Also elon musk is anti democracy right now.
This was kind of a United Nations of charging at the SuperCharger with what was represented. This will be a big deal in parts of the country where non-Tesla fast charging stations are still few and far between. I have a friend who took delivery of a Mercedes EQS SUV a couple of months ago. He lives in Mobile, AL and he's already seen problems driving around between Mobile, Montgomery, Birmingham and Auburn. There are a lot more Tesla SuperChargers than other options. Once this rolls out nationwide, it will be a big relief to him and other drivers.
Its sort of absurd how seamless Tesla superchargers are compared to other DCFC stations, even when charging CCS as we see here. Ideally Tesla entering the fray on CCS will force the other lazy and inept charging networks (cough EA) to actually get their shit together and start maintaining their fleet of installed chargers.
Why not just make the charging cables longer to accommodate the distances?
Wait you're a videographer whose credit card ends in 24-70?!! Wow. That's something else! 🔥
I feel bad now from Tesla owners moving forwards 🙈🫣.
The app taking my brother to the motherland is taking me OUT 😂😂😂
Non-Tesla vehicles should be standardized to Tesla. Period!
Maybe I’m just really dumb, but I tried to do the math based on the charging he showed on screen and it was astronomically expensive? He started at 88 miles of range and 30% battery. Then he shows it at 95 miles and 32%. So at the start his max range would be 88/.3 or 293 miles. He would need to charge 205 miles to get back to max range. When he shows he’s at 95 miles, he has already been charged $2.94. 95-88=7 miles he had charged at that point which cost him $2.94. So he would need to do that 29 more times to get to max charge at $2.94 which would total over $85. Did I mess something up or is this just crazy expensive? I’ve never owned an EV so no clue if the rates change or anything like that
This move is going to sell even more Teslas
maybe in the future if Tesla willing to roll out more of this, they should reconsider the placement of the supercharger to maybe to the side of each spot instead of the front of each spot for reachability.
That was exactly my concern, and question to Tesla. The great thing is, on Investor Day, Tesla mentioned that they will make the cables a longer.
Wait!  It cost you $30 to go from 30% to 80%?  Doesn't feel like such a good deal.  It costs me close to the same to fill my earth killer aka gas guzzler and takes 5 mins while that took you half an hour.
I still don’t think full EV’s are the answer. How is it better in any way for us to have to park and wait an hour while driving long distances. America just isn’t built that way. You spend all that money to be inconvenienced.   Hydrogen has to be it. It’s still pretty much an EV anyway.
All this time I thought marques was Canadian
They really need to sort the orientation issue out. Taking up 2 charging spots is really unacceptable. Charging is already limited as is in certain areas.
Tesla could sell extension cord adapters at these places and make a boatload of money, or you know, make their power lines longer. Similarly, non-tesla owners should buy one to leave in the car.
30-85% for $30 💀 oh my
Loved seeing Tom show up
*Well, at least it works. That’s more than what Electrify America, EVgo, etc have been able to say thus far.
i think companies need to start following the standard of tesla for where to place the charger
ccs extension cable possible?
Lol. "somewhat more rural" Brewster's in the middle of bumble fuck
1:30 It defaulted to Africa because coordinates 0,0 lands right off the coast of Africa.
I just finished watching Tesla's "Investor Day" presentation, and they did mention that their upcoming superchargers will have longer cables for this exact reason.  Long enough to accommodate every possible charge-port configuration?   Probably not, but hopefully it will help.  I don't suppose a, say,  Ford owner could bring a "extension cable" of some sort with them, designed to fix this sort of mismatch?  I assume those cables are the length they are for good reason.  Frankly, if other manufacturers are planning on sponging off of Tesla's charging infrastructure in order to make their cars more desirable, it's kinda on them to to make the cars minimally "Supercharger compatible".  Either with extenders, or ideally, with charge ports in standardized and compatible spots. (Rear-left, front-right, front-center, or rear center would all work well with Tesla chargers.)
Kinda should be illegal to gateway charging in the first place Imagine if Toyota only allowed there petrol/diesel in there non ev’s
Keep sleeping on riv
Wow, you ran into a celebrity in the charging nerd world! Tom is the man!!
Charging cable length and positioning looks like it's going to be trouble with the current setup. I wonder if the gas pump positioning to the side of parking bays could be made to work. It's not ideal for space usage but would allow maximal compatibility and accessibility, even for Tesla vehicles. Will probably require some redesigning of the parking spaces, but could be done without affecting the spacing too much.
Sooo make the cables longer!
These have been available for a little bit in Europe and just outside Sydney in Australia and whilst it’s cool; it’s not really accessible here yet. (In terms of amount of available charging stations)
It defaulted to the prime meridian. I’m sure they’ll update the default location.
Can’t they make the charger longer?
Tesla can make some more money selling them some charger extension adapters 👀 lol
So you got 157 miles for $30?  Even my gas powered Ford Explorer is far less expensive than that.  I'll get about 350 miles for $50.  Given that the typical Rivian is $80,000+ this sounds like a phenomenally bad deal all-around.
Awesome to see Tom of @stateofcharge on this video
Yea little longer cables and maybe better charger layout? or double the chargers up
Am I the only one who recognised the best hdr in his selfie video. Is this samsung s23u??
I loved him talking to other people who randomly happened to be there. Great he wasn't the only one to have that idea. MKBHD is a great guy for also shouting out the guy's channel. Win win I suppose  :)
I'll now go check out State of Charge
$30 and not even a full charge
"Hey Google. Show me capitalism"
This will be playback for all the times Tesla's hog regular chargers in town.
State of Charge is great!
This is a nightmare for Tesla owners.
It’s nice to see that the leader in car manufacturing is the only one making any effort to help the other cars charge. This is what a leader looks like. Yes it is ideal but it’s better than Ford or Rivians super charger network 😂
This is probably my favorite auto focus video. Loved seeing and hearing the perspectives of the other folks charging nearby
Nice to see the shout out for State of Charge.
Uhm, they added a specific retro fit adapter, maybe while they are at it they could add a couple of inches longer cables? Its stupid how short they are in the first place, fuel hoses are much longer than this. Seems kinda done on purpose, sort of apple-ish strat here
Bring a proper extension cord. And people will be clapping.😆
Elon Musk watched this. Mentioned on Twitter.
Non- tesla sound car-sist
It's going to interesting for a while but they make a longer cable. Just saying 😏
It's Tom from State of Charge!
It took half an hour and cost $30 bucks!! Lol what's the point of going EV? All it's become is a status symbol! Nobody buys an Ev because they care about the planet!! If they cared about the planet they would buy hybrids that make more economic sense!! I will never be an all EV douche bag!!!
I want to see your comparison. F-150 vs Rivian R1T
There is a pretty simple solution which is to carry an extension cable for your car.  Once you paid through the app I would imagine an extension should work in these cases.
I already get the weird stare when I pull up to charge my Taycan so I hope I don’t have the same experience at a Tesla supercharger 😩
Charging cost now about as much as filling at gas station,  it's a shame
what would the miles per dollar be on it for R1T? 5? My gas guzzler kia sedona be cheaper at 8 miles per usd at $3 gas and 24mpg highway ! A sienna would come at whooping 12!
Love the video quality. Is it the iphone or the samsung?
Audio on this one especially in the intro feels unusually... processed, kind of? Unlike some of the other autofocus vids. Interesting why... is it the 14 pro's audio processing?
May they should make them longer.
I am not putting wear and tear on my contactors and chargeport to move for a car with the port in a stupid location.
No problem with  gas from my local gas station ;)
30 bucks is like gas money tho isn't it?
Upgraeed
Couple things: why not make the cable longer? Sure it's a large what, 00 cable, but still even a Tesla may need to charge from the other spot given that each spot at that location doesn't have its own charger. Also it seems that it's steadily getting more expensive to fill your vehicle. $30 used to fill up my old Honda fully and I would have excellent range on it and spent much less time refueling it that these EVs need.
$30 DOLLARS!!!??!??! Jesus
This video is fresh, I really liked the interaction with the people that arrived and the format. Keep it fresh Marques! 😊
The engineers made the cord too short.
honestly.  they should ban the f out of garbage cars who PURPOSEFULLY CHOSE THE WRONG SPOT to put their ports...its a full size truck, always easier to back it in in tight spots. so what moron puts it on front.    chevy - back corner tesla - back corner 80% market - back corner  ford/rivian hur dur bolt ioniq - garbage audi vw etc etc etc that make up single digits of market?    would be funny as heck to black list cars that take up 2 spots - only good business after all as they block spots anyway, leaving......only teslas?   sorry your car takes 2 spots not teslas fault....thanks for the money and adios.  money is just to have the plugs match, which they now do, not to cater to vehicles that dont fit.
Wooow Tom!!
If Tesla is committed to having their chargers work for almost every EV, then there's two things they can do: install longer cables (likely the cheapest option) or install the chargers to be on the side instead of the front, gas station style. That's the only way I can see this working without causing issues between Tesla owners and other EV owners.
It feels like owners of non Tesla’s want tesla to adapt to their needs. Take that F150 for example…Why can’t Ford put the charging port in the same spot and use a Tesla plug if they want their users to have access to this amazing charging network?  I mean…look how big and clunky the ccs charging plug is compared to the tesla plug.
Sounds like this can all be solved with… wait for it… a dongle!!! 3’, 4’, 5’ extension cord and you’re all good to go!
Elan can add a little bit longer cable and have these people still pay for it.    Or those car companies that have the odd position to charging ports can move it further up the fender. Easy ways to fix it. 👀
#AutoFocus I think the costs to fill  up are far too high. They seem to be comparable to gasoline. 30% - 85% = 55% in 30 minutes and cost $30 so thats almost a $60 fill up in approx 50 mins. which is approx what my full size truck costs me in gasoline in 3 minutes. Electric vehicles were suppose to be a lot less to refuel and yet that is not what we are seeing. Appreciate the video. 👍
Regarding port location standardization, ICEs have been around for decades and even they still don't have standard locations. I wonder if it would be more feasible for EVs to have 2 ports in the future, one on the passenger's and one on the driver's, or just a single port on the front and center. Would help to alleviate parking finagling and would allow for shorter (and thus cheaper to manufacture) cables since they wouldn't need to stretch as far.   Or have more pull-through charging stations instead of parking spots, like how most gas pumps are designed.
Having the one weird charger that you pull into instead of backing into might be the only saving grace for non-Teslas.  The only problem is not every place has them.  I think the only real viable solution would be to have longer cables.
The entire damn planet... "1".
Definaty ups the chance that EV's are where people will get their next car but it would have to expand a serious amount for me to consider it. When it comes closer to me with more reliability i'll definitely consider it.
Perhaps it defaults to Africa because I think that’s where Elon was born.
For most people this shouldn't be an issue since they charge at home
Change the side (left to right) where the cable is mounted, I think that’ll solved the problem (just a guess)
Can’t wait for your Mastodon account.
yeah horrible!! tesla could let non-tesla cars use the only last charger in the row as they would park in regular parking->where possible. But until then, dont expect me to move my car over for non-tesla to charge. and i will be getting mad when i come in after they take double spot and stay there for long time due to their battery limitations that will lower charging speed!!
What an awesome, insightful episode this is!
crazy how much easier that is than dealing with any EA charger, just insane. how come Ford, Rivian, and everyone else hasn't made their charging experience this fucking easy, like what the fuck
Missed a r*cism joke with the app defaulting to africa for MKB
Marquis k brownlee hd
Could you not have parked at the lone charging post at the end of the park? That wouldn't have blocked anyone.
This is why MKBHD is still the best.
this is kinda dumb......no duh theyre going to grab the cash. but um.....these stations are sized for holidays (busiest travel dates of year) or far future.   curious to see who they kick first on busy days.  the garbage 60-30kw charging bolts f150 lightnings...?  and only 40 cents a kwh?  ngl if you showed up to a full charging station 2x a year on holiday, got to use something you paid 0$ into for 10$ of profit >> yeah not worth it vs a vehicle sale.  then again ....sold out so why not i guess.  still might as well do the bare minimum to get the gov money and kick these pos evs to the curb immediately after
30 minutes and $30. How is that efficient?
Switch cable positions from left to right…problem solved?
Is there not an aftermarket extension?  That seems like something EV manufacturers may have to provide going forward.
Super fun and surprise video!    Cheers, Eric
Markees
Simplicity and reliability make up for the relative slowness. Can’t wait to take the Lucid up to Albany in a couple weeks.
People can't use common sense and reverse in?
Need in Tampa Florida
OMG the camera on the iPhone 14 Pro is insane 😮
i don't understand a maker of cars and trucks putting the port on the passenger side🤔
I feel like Tesla owners are gone be pissed. And why couldn’t they make the cables longer? They’re so short.
Is that the default charging pad for your phone in the Rivian or did you do something diy?
They just announced v4 will have longer cable
Infrastructure, charge times, are not ready for the majority of population
Actually I kinda disagree with what you said about not being able to max out the rivian. Superchargers are 400v just like the Rivian and V3 can push way more amps than any DC fast charger can, so i don't see why they cant max it out
*Just more reasons why not to buy an EV, I am trying hard to see a good reason to buy an EV over gar vehicle.* Is ther any out there?
Super charger is not suitable for daily charge. It is too expensive. In some states, it is more expensive than gas.
I imagine charger extension cords may be a popular accessory to carry in your trunk. Eh, Marquise? ;)
This is like going to apple store and charging your Samsung phone on thier table .lmao
If you got people that sometimes have a hard time with the Costco pumps, this is only going to be worse for them. So I guess enjoy potentially waiting a while.
📌CONS: Charging that long is not good in cases of an emergency and you're in a hurry.
I really hope that Tesla charges  non Tesla's twice as much to discourage CCS cars from tying up Superchargers. Not only do CCS cars have their charge ports in the wrong location many of them charge slowly. I don't want to show up at a Supercharger and find a bunch of Bolts charging at 50KW and tying up two spots while doing it. Another potential problem, can Tesla cut off a CCS car when it reaches 80%? At busy Superchargers Tesla sets the charge limit on a Tesla down to 80% so that the car doesn't tie up the charger trickle charging the last 20%.
They specifically mentioned that they wouldn't use it at high use locations. Also, you have more room to scoot over.
"I don't know why it default to Africa?" Marquis my brother, every month is Matte Black History Month.
What a fun surprise to see a crossover episode with @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney dropping by!
is this location busy or was it the magic dock that brought people out.
You didnt finish your joke lol A Tesla, a Lucid and a Rivian walk in to a bar...
charger extension cable might be a big business.
Seems Tesla messed up big time and just wanted to rush this out.
Even though I'm happy to see this rolling out I could also see Tesla owners not being ok with this. Especially at stations that get a lot of traffic coming through. Hopefully, Tesla will consider this going forward as they add more.
Now I dont have to buy a Tesla, thanks Elon
They should build them on the thruway stops or major thruway exits in NY
$30 for 80% kinda defeats the purpose no? Presuming 0-100% is around $50ish. Not sure the cost of gas in NY but here in CO you can fill up a Ford Maverick from E-F for $42
I am in no rush to get an EV. Maybe in 20-30 years when the infrastructure is in place and it’s as simple as getting gas. I’ll get a hybrid first. Maybe.
Man, this doesn’t look good as-is. It’s going to be a mess with different cars trying to fit all different ways and taking up extra spots. They’re going to need to rethink this before rolling out more widely. The cables probably need to be longer, but I don’t know what the feasibility of that is. I know these cables are carrying a huge amount of current and have to be cooled, so making the cables longer probably presents a bigger technical challenge than it would seem. In any case, this might be ok as a pilot at low-usage stations, but there’s no way this is going to fly at busier stations.
The Tesla map defaulted to “null island”. 0 lat 0 long. Fun Wikipedia article
Non Tesla cars should STRONGLY lobby the non Tesla manufacturers to do something about standardizing ,back to where gas fuels door was….. not these crazy locations ( front, front side…..what was the thinking behind ,they don’t have any other places optimized for vehicles)
In the end this will be just a charger site for anyone to use as everyone pays for it well other than those few early Model S & X's but all Y's & 3's have to pay like non-Tesla's.  But yes it will be interesting on charging, I think they need to go the EU model of layout and have drive thru stalls as Bjorn has shown us on more than one occasion.  Awesome to see Tom there, look forward to his review on InsideEV's podcast this week as well as Kyle's(Out of Spec).
Cool to see the integration with random people being willing to be in the video
they def need to increase cable length so non-teslas can park at the right slots, before rolling this out more widely. the etiquette question will become more contentious as you make this available for tens of thousands of superchargers. as it currently stands, a tesla could potentially be routed to an available charger but drive up to find another car parked in that spot charging from a neighboring supercharger. better deal with this now, and have a good solution instead of degrading the charging experience for all tesla owners.
I think all of these issues are a great way for Tesla to say See it doesn't work stop bothering us
6:13 time stamp showed 2% gain for about 3 minutes charge time 6kwh. So with that $ rate 50% increase to battery would been about a hour at cost of 50$ price then for almost 300 miles range? I don’t think his final statement of 30$ 30 minutes got him to battery percent he stated unless this charger isn’t linear. Also just like pump nozzles have break away points on hoses. Wonder if Tesla will design breakaway features if vehicle was moved away while hooked to cable?
From the Tesla FAQ - Certain Supercharger site layouts may not be suitable for some cars. Please do not obstruct other cars by parking over the lines if the cable cannot comfortably reach your car.
Simple...They need to lengthen the cables! You can't use an extension cable, because the charge cables are actively cooled. Some are internally air cooled, while the high power chargers, (usually 250 kW or higher) are liquid cooled. An extension core would either need to be impossibly heavy, or, you would have to settle for a maximum charge rate of ~50 kW. That would take more of your time, as well as tying up a charge station for 3X longer, to reach the desired state of charge.
extension cables?
I know not ideal, but 2 parking bays for each charger?? Tesla side as usual and non-tesla on opposite side of charger ??
Be thankful Tesla let's you do this at all,they're biting their own hands.  Buy an extension cord
holy, 30-85% and it cost $30. That ain't cheap at all - charge at home when you can folks!
That was cool. Tom Moloughney is an absolute expert when it comes to EVs and charging. It's amazing you randomly ran into him. Then again, you're both equally geeky and Magic Docs are still few and far between so that part makes sense. Here is Tom's video of this day: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKRI7pnRA0k
I understand the whole "reliability" thing with public charging, but all of the main Fast Charging companies have apps that show you real-time availability.
How did Tesla missed this?
Longer dongle issue. A tale as old as time 😢😮
Cool!
Another thing as far as etiquette goes is already happening.  It's similar to the gas guy blocking the only diesel pump.  If you have something like a Hyundai Ioniq5 that can pull 350KW and you pull up and they only have one 350 charger and some guy in a Bolt is charging there.
If you want to avoid any hassles, get some kind of 3' or 5' extension (if there is such a thing).  Make life easier for yourself.
Maybe I have math wrong.  You got 50% charged or about 150 miles of range for $30.   If a gas car gets 20 mpg, that is 7.5 gallons of fuel, at $3.15 a gallon, that say $24.
Beautifully explained. Thank you!
It’s great. Adapting is what it is. Charging covers on vehicles should fold up flat.
Let's face it, all the manufacturers should have put their ports either on the front or the back end of the car.. Putting it halfway down the middle was a stupid idea..
I hate to say it, but these big trucks should not be allowed at superchargers. At least not at ones with high traffic.
so how long till get extension cables and right angle   adapters on Amazon?
It’s no problem if you get tesla
Ford Lightning owner can't even complain, he is already has a POS vehicle from POS manufacturer. Can't ask for perfect charger from Tesla because you have an OEM POS.
I feel the solution to this for all parties is for telsa to sell extenders
tesla is adding longer cables to accomodate the logistical issues you noted here
Never had this issue at the Gas station 😀😀😀
The gall of Tesla not to optimize their chargers for your Rivian.  How could they be so short sided.
I wonder if coming out with extension cables would work as a stop gap solution.
I work down the road from here and didn't know they had one at Dunkin Donuts because it's easy to miss
Markeese 🤣🤣
Cant you buy like a cable extension or something? It's an idea...
Did he call you marquis?
Clearly, the F-150 has huge design problems...some dumb ass designed the charging port...
Tesla is likely to enable this only on low utilization chargers - making a case (internally within Tesla) to deploy to more remote location - which help EVERYONE - Tesla owners and others. They already started deploying v4 chargers with longer cables in Europe and I expect to see them in the US soon - they'll probably deploy those to new and more busy locations to allow CCS-vehicles to more easily share with Tesla. Great video and insights!
Um.....49 cents a KWH. WoW. That is like 50 bucks to charge like 20% to full.
There will be shootouts in the near future over charging spots.  Welcome to the Electric world 😂
@StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney  get in here! https://www.youtube.com/@StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney
Interesting video, thanks for making this.  As a Tesla owner I am not happy that the Supercharger network is being opened up to non-Teslas.  A large part of the reason I bought a Tesla, instead of a different brand, was the Supercharger network.
Silly question… but why can’t they just make the cable longer???
You take up two spaces at a Tesla lot with that garbage truck your gonna leave with popped tires and broken windows 😂  inconsiderate as all hell .
And how am I supposed to believe that this wasn't scripted now? 😀
If yall have polite EV drivers, more power to ya, idk how that'll fly on the west coast where they drive like bats outa hell.
Make my Tesla stock go up.
So $30 for 30min of waiting to get 50% of a charge… I think the EV adaptation curve will be MUCH larger than those behind it’s implementation want the public to believe. Wish this was something I could get excited about.
30mins wait and $30!
they said now on the investor day event that the changed the cables to a longer one
Ford is dumb for setting it up like a gas door. Should swing right out of the way....
I would just use one of the end chargers.   No one gets blocked…at least at this location…
Videos like this makes me stick more and more to my combustion engine car 😄
As a Tesla owner, this is going to be miserable.
Or who make extension cables. Make money fast
Dont watch state of charge but your a real one for shouting him out.
Hope non-Tesla manufacturers start to address these issues such as charge port location. Tesla is certainly doing its part if not more.
A universal charging spot would solve this problem easily. make it either at the rear driver side or front passenger
Im just thinking they are opening these chargers for spots that are mostly empty so they get in use
Tesla reported the new charge stations will have a longer cable to accommodate non-Teslas. I'm curious what the design will be like. Spooled or not? That is the question.
Tesla bailing out people who fell for fancy marketing and commercials.  EA is an actual joke. Why wouldnt these latecomers match the frontrunner?  ego and MBAs.
why did all these non tesla ev's put their fuel input in a weird place?
You have no idea what you're talking about. What do you think the maximum power of a charging cabinet is? It's 380kW and it has to serve 4 stalls... so Tesla needs empty stalls if cars with large batteries are taking maximum power. If you have a car charging at 250kW, then only 130kW remains for the other 3 stalls, about 40kW each. Divided equally each stall could charge at 90kW max.
Does this change your opinion about the Taycan?
The Tesla charging experience is amazing for other brands. Wow..... Normally, these charging videos are horrid if it's not a Tesla...
don't some of the teslas have charge ports on both sides of the vehicle? saw something where a owner didn't realize that.
I like how the MB driver parked exactly as expected
All I’m paying attention to is the clean sweater you’re rocking
Soooooo expensive!
55% for 30bucks It's kinda the same thing as gas
Did he Matte wrap the Rivian?
These videos are what we need. Amazing work.
Kia/Hyundai EVs now have a software update that allows them to pre-condition the battery.  A good thing before going to a Supercharger.
And here I thought the auto industry likes standards.....
Don’t know if you seen Stradman on his GMC hummer. Recently he took a trip where he went off roading. Then had to charge it to get home…
I have a feeling Tesla will block non-teslas from charging when stations are near capacity. I’ve done no research, so that’s just speculation.
Bro just tweet elon he will listen to u. Say put longer cables at retrofitted test stations. If u want to keep ur tesla people happy  Cause otherwise people will drive becayse it says 2 spots left. And due to this issue they will find no spot  Too bad manufacturers are stupid and didn't standardize port location on all cars universally to avoid this  I am sure in the future it could get standardized port wise and location wise  And elon becomes the only charging station in the world and doubless his networth
What are you filming on? For just a moment I wondered if my 2010 Apple Cinema Display was somehow showing HDR, your camera is that good.
Are there any extension cables for EV charging that can be used?  Might be a new emerging market.
First, I really liked your video.  Nice job.  However if a car's port requires it to take up more than one spot, it should not be allowed to use that charger.
Tbh I think a future where car manufacturers own charging networks, like Tesla owns superchargers and VW owns Electrify America, is not a future we should want. Charging networks should not only be "open to all cars", they should be independent and this video shows why
From 0 to full it'll cost as much as a tank of gas LMAO
$30 from 30-80%? Basically what I pay to fill up my Mini.
inb4 tesla owners start unplugging non-tesla owners also inb4 extension cables
The thing about the charge port being of the wrong side is why I love that the taycan has charge 2 charging ports
Whoa!!! You said it cost $30. Where is the big savings they tout. We have a long way to go.
Camera Quality is so good when shoot on Iphone compared to last video that was shoot on S23 ultra
Marquis Brownlee
Differently a game changer, and it forces the non Tesla charging companies to up their game, as people will flow to the chargers that work, as for Tesla they may need to add longer cables to their chargers, an extra two feet of cable should solve most issues.
Is it possible to tail gate at these chargers. If I’m going to wait an hour, might as well bring a little Weber and cook up some food. Collapsible chairs. Few beers.
I'm just glad that the charging infrastructure is getting standardized, even if it's suboptimal because of the placement of charging ports
You are a good guy, MKBHD  Thanks for your hard work.
I love this.  I want a Rivian R1T so badly.  Unfortunately I'm not in a position to afford one, but hopefully one day I will be able to.  I was concerned about this issue with long trips living in Utah, but if this rolls out well, then I won't have to worry about this issue and would feel more comfortable getting one.  I just hope the R1T price drops so I can afford it
"I mean, it's working which is amazing" every charging company's CEO just felt an acute pain in their heart
Simple solution: part of the retrofit should be either longer and/or possibly retractible cables.  Honestly, these are just the growing pains of switching energy sources. It will get worked out and it's all going to be really cool.
dat sweet sweet charging fee are collected forever
Valuable observations to consider for future design of charging stations AND vehicles.  Standardisation shall be required.  In this case everybody shall need to align with Tesla because of Tesla's dominance.
Very informative video. Given the attitude towards vehicles that double-park in store parking lots, I can see similar reactions to this situation. Don’t know how cost-effective it’d be for Tesla to just switch out cables for ones long enough to reach the end of the parking space so non-Teslas could just park in the regular spot so every spot could be filled.
MKBHD, question, have you tried the Rivian in the typical lane for a Tesla charger with the current cord length? Wasn’t sure if the rivian charge part so far forward (compared to the Lightening) if there was still enough cable slack to make that reach for a Rivian?
What a nightmare getting a proper infrastructure in place. There definitely needs to be a standard.
Markeese 😭😭😭
If tesla fully opens their chargers to other evs....call me....because i need a lawn chair and beer for the fighting that will break out when tesla owners are waiting in line for non teslas to charge at the superchargers.
It is not Tesla fault that other EV built their car chargeport to be on the OTHER side of the car.........why?
But secretly Tesla chargers are designed to screw with other cars batteries ... conspiracy theory
I think to help optimize the charging stations is by aligning the chargers to the center of each parking lane, so whether your vehicle has its charing the front or back left or right it can reach most vehicles
I hope I get to see all these other EVs soon! I'm excited to share the SC experience with any EV owner, not just Teslas.
"I don't have any complaints" 8:13 But the cord isn't long enough!! lol
We're living in the future. Now we just need longer cables.
Any charging station should have cables long enough to support different cars or just unusual situations. This even prevents Tesla from changing the location of the ports on future cars if they wanted to. What if that snow bank had been a few feet? Wouldn’t even charge a Tesla in that situation.
Yeah, I think the government needs to force all of these companies to decide on a standards for charger connector, position on the vehicle, and other specifications. 😅 Could all easily be avoided. Though, those short cables at the station could partly be technical limitations Tesla is designing around to get maximum power through the line? At the very least they didn't need to consider anything but their own ecosystem until now.
At Investor Day they said they are going to add longer cables. Also, they gather enough data to address this going forward.
1:33 The App is Racist omfg
Hey it's Tom!! It'll be like 2 weeks before we see his video though 🤣
smart move by Tesla, free advertising, and when all cars are EVs, good chance if they have a non-Tesla this makes them consider a Tesla due to the lower cost and plug-and-play
It’s nice to see state of charge guy with marquees
Is that normal for a charge of 50 percent to cost $30, I could’ve sworn I’ve always seen Tesla owners brave how it only costs them 10-15 bucks to fully charge
what is odd to me is every gas car has always been designed (not taking into account motorcycles and supercars) to have fuel pump on right or left and I think that in the future EV manufactures need to all follow a standard like tesla has for there cars and making sure to keep it on the left or right rear side just like every other gas car has its spot in the back left/right
Seems like there's a market for extension cables.
Nice! Glad to see Tesla is opening up their chargers but I can see some downsides for those with Tesla’s now might have more people using their chargers than normal. That Rivian color you selected is dope btw
The non Tesla charging plug looks like it was made by keebler elfs. What the hell is with that thing?
To make it easy. All EV's from now on, should have their chargers either directly in the front or the back. Where the license plate would go. Just flip it up, and plug it in.
Seems like a market for buying charger extension cables you can carry with you.
It’s still annoying to charge… I went to a super charger and it was all full sux
I am okay if Tesla only open up the SC in remote and under use locations. Making all those non-Tesla to drive further away and waste more time to just get a charge because they own a non-Tesla EV, LOL. The whole reason Tesla is doing this is either because of regulation (in EU) or to be compliant so Tesla can get some government incentive (in US).  There is no reason to help non-Tesla owners because they either HATE Tesla or Elon, therefore, they buy a non-Tesla EV to being with (except a EV truck owner). Every non-Tesla EV in the market is NOT cheaper so the only reason people don't buy Tesla is not because of rationale, but instead non-rationale, e.g. personal hate against Tesla or Elon.
How about we not have car this big
I think the approach to use low traffic superchargers to test the reception and non-Tesla traffic to them is a safe bet from Tesla to see how much they need to change their supercharger format to accommodate non-Teslas. Plus, it looks like non-Teslas will have the burden of paying for these changes since they will pay more for charging over a Tesla - and that's still an advantage for Tesla, although less than before.
Are the cables that small to where they won't reach a tesla or other cars if they repaint the parking stalls to be centered with the chargers?
Great video Marques. I can't believe Tom from State of Charge showed up too. Rivian owners are going to rejoice due to the charge port placement. I'm a Mach-E owner so I'm definitely SOL unless no one else is around.
Ah just carry a couple of jumper cables.
Good on tesla for getting this to work for everyone. Maybe people should get a ccs extension if needed
As a Tesla owner I hate this.
As a consumer on a budget , i would definitely plan to have enough range (at least 20%) for a normal charger with more stars, and only go to the more expensive but more reliable Tesla combo charger if either other options have under 3 star review , or if there are no other good options in the optimal travel path, but as always , only use chargers on trips, for home you use your own , or a building's electricity, way cheaper, and available on off peak hours.
Couldn't they just put charges in the middle of the parking spot?
Great info. $30 bucks for only 55% a lil expensive.
@MKHD the cable length was addressed in today's TSLA day. There will be longer charging cable...
30 bucks for adding 50% more is expensive ?!
It probably defaulted to Africa because the coordinates (0,0) are there, in the ocean south of west Africa. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Null_Island
Nice that tesla allows non owners to take 2 spots from owners.  Bad move coming from someone who purchased 4 tesla cars
I wonder if Tesla will start to redesign Supercharging stations to handle other brands of cars with the charging ports in various locations?  Maybe instead of having the charger at the front of the space... they can space out the parking spaces and put the charger between them.  And have two charging cords so a car in either space can use one.  I dunno.  Just spitballing here.
Markeys 😂😂
It's great to see all these non-Tesla cars charging.  I hope they use this to figure out how to add longer cables that maybe autowind back into the stall.  Also great to see @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney in the video
Why don’t EVs have chargers in multiple spots, like different corners of the car or atleast the option to fit multiple ports
im curious if they will do all their chargers or only a select amount. but, it now takes away any real reason to buy a Tesla.
Awful Mic
This was good.  I had never thought of the logistics/geometry of charging. Thank you for making this vid
tax other EV companies if ya'll want longer cables
This is going to good! Growing pains, but good for all in the end. The Super Charging network is the reason I’m on my 2nd Tesla. And it’s all the reason that’s kept me from even considering any other EV. But now that the SC network will slowly be opening up to other EVs, it gives me something to think about.
$30 bucks eh
Well Tesla did their part. So that means HEY AUTOMAKERS! DON'T WANNA BUILD OUT YOUR OWN CHARGING NETWORK? PUT THE CHARGE PORT ON THE LEFT FRIGGIN REAR!
I have a model 3 and here in Tennessee it gets sorta congested at our chargers sometimes. I would absolutely love seeing more EVs at the chargers but we need more chargers and much longer cables . I thoroughly enjoy seeing other EVs and seeing the variety. My favorite one so far is the ID4
Are we gonna ignore that it took almost 30 minutes to get not even 100% full, and costed more than filling up a normal gas car? Bruh. No way. How are people brainwashed into accepting this garbage. Time is money. Time is the most precious thing we as humans have. And people are wasting 35x more time to charge their cars than they would if they just got a normal gas car.  Infrastructure is NOT THERE. Battery tech is NOT THERE.
Wow, charging up is nearly the cost of gas.
@stateofcharge cameo!  I don't think it's going to be as big of a problem as you think it is just because of the exorbitant charging price. $49c/kWh is a full five times more expensive than charging at home, though I would certainly use it in a pinch on a road trip.
Can you imagine being on a trip or in any situation and having to wait 45 minutes to refuel your vehicle....that's if you don't have to wait for two or three people in front of you. Gasoline is the winner here because of 5 minutes or less refueling.
Seems like they didn’t have any forward thinking here - surprising from Tesla
I don't like the look of this
These3 people make it harder then it needs to. There should be 1 type of cable to charge all cars. And 1 type of port on all cars. And to charge it. It should just be, plug it in, swipe your card. Just like you do with a gas car.
Lmao I was just in Brewster NY Monday 😂
Maybe someone can sell an extension for non-tesla cars...
Amazing video as always. What kW did the F150 charge at? or the Lucid? Curious to know
Are we just going to ignore MKBHD made an assumption of what could be a problem and then literally see it unfold in the same video? That makes his input about anything 10x more valid lol
Huge Kudos to Tesla for making this move. Overall better for consumers, and for the growth of electric vehicle adoption. Tesla will forever be the "OG" EV company/brand that paved the way for decades to come.
I liked other people involved in the video at the same time, it was cool!
As a Tesla owner I really hope they don’t allow this. It’s been 3 years since owning one and we have no new chargers here. Last year I had to wait for the first time because it was full right around 8:00 when the price dropped. And now it is 50/50 there might be a wait at all hours of the day. This would be a nightmare for people who bought teslas for the network
Tom in the video was so cool to see. if it's possible they should make  extension cable for non Tesla car that have a less than perfect charge port like the ford lightning.
Stupid Rivian company should have known they were going to bum off of Tesla chargers. Pathetic.
Is there a short maybe 10Ft. extension charging cord you could keep with you? Not sere if they sell something like that.
This just makes me want hydrogen to be a viable option even more.
its like apple
So cool, seeing him get in touch with the common man at the end
Definitely a game changer for me as I wait for my R1T. I normally have a once a month trip to parents house 352 miles one CCS charging station in between. Tesla charging stations opens this up a bit. 2 more exits with charging stations between ATL and Mobile AL. Thanks for the update.
I think it should be designed sideways like a real gas/petrol station there's a reason why they are designed that way. Yes, they would have leave a gap but each gap could have 2 charging stations. So maybe add a lose of a couple parking spots (depends on much space is required between)  but it may mean  more charging stations, between spots.
Can’t you just keep an extension for you charger cable in the back
Oof.  $30 for half a tank and dealing with these headaches.  I'll keep driving my ICE car a little longer.
Non Tesla manufacturers should offer a custom cabled extension for their customers.
Just wait until you have a house party and everyone wants to plug into your house.  Gonna have to start asking guests for electricity money.
Or get a regular gasoline car, fill up in under 5 minutes without this whole hassle and not have to worry about spending another 10k for replacement when the battery completely dies in 8 years.
Tom’s channel is about to blow up 👌
I hate non-Teslas at the Tesla chargers.
The solution is simple: manufacturers should create extension cables. You'd plug the magic dock into it, then plug that into the non Tesla. Obviously, there are limits to how long the cable can be before there are voltage drops, but this seems like a very solvable problem.
The matte ppf looks good man! I have a canyon red R1T myself, debating ppf..thanks for the video!
The fact that ypu need to sign up for the app is suspicious
And this is how the civil war really started! Ha  And I think we know why some chargers are broken. Lol.
Fist fights on holidays. 😆
30 bucks? Wow electric cars are now expensive to buy and expensive to fill up what a joke
I have a simole solution  Longer cables...Happens all the time at gas stations with the the gas cap on the wrong side of the pump...Dada!!!
I don't see why they would put the charging port on the front left when most of the EV's on the road will charge from the "front" right. If I were you I would get an extension in the case where there's not an extra space open.
Every electric pole could become a charging station. Things are only going to get better and better with time. Our rental has a Tesla charger and I just bought an adapter to use it with my Bolt EUV. Super easy. Home cord is waaaaay longer than those though obviously much slower charge rate.
I honestly see Tesla more of the future Chevron/ Shell.
Super charging should be free to all tesla owners will charging other EV 😬
This is actually a pretty easy fix for the parking spots. Just paint the lines so the charger is in the center. Then the cable should be able to reach either way
So here's my question.  Why did you intentionally take two spots when the long spot which is normally used by Tesla's towing was free?
I can’t wait to park at a Tesla charger with my Wrangler. EV drivers already look at me weird when I park in an “EV only” spot
a simple fix is centering the parking and charger for the f150 longer cable maybe?
Omg this is going to be a nightmare
10:56 5, maybe 7.
Just watched Tesla investor day event- they mentioned extending the cable for non Tesla EVs
Nice impromptu collab 😊
Haha, it was great to see Tom from State of Charge!  Glad to see that the Lightning was (barely) able to charge.  Up my way the CCS network is not very good at all but the Supercharger network is excellent.  Opening a few Superchargers would make a huge difference.
Are you sure your rivian charged 50% in 30 mins? Google says Rivian battery is 135kwh, charging it up 50% in 30 mins is impressive
Imagine buying a car because Tesla opens up the chargers and then they pull this feature 😮
Someone will make an adapter if no one has one hasn’t yet. Sharing is caring.
I charge a polestar and I would say 50% of the time tesla People beat me up becouse they think I take their spot
They need to put longer cables. Unfortunately electric manufacturers did the same thing back in the 50s and put the charge port wherever they like, like they used to with gas fill-up holes.
they need to extend the cables with a pullstring like Costco gas
So correct me if I'm wrong, but the deal for this was that the federal government is paying Tesla something for them to do this in order to get more EV charging infrastructure out there for everybody, not just Tesla drivers. If the whole point of this is to make charging more readily available for everybody, then these stations should be required to have longer cables for the various other EV models out there. As it currently is with the launch, they seem to have nailed the ease of experience, but the cable issue really needs to be fixed for this to be what I would consider to be fully compliant.
I learned today that gen 4 charger cables will be longer 😅
FYI, the app defaulted to Africa because the lat,long is (-0, 0). Got real familiar with this when I was writing code for a flight planning engine. That's your fun fact for the day!
its so fucking stupid that charging costs same amount as gas then fuck electric
why do i think there will be a "blue bubble vs green bubble" kind of argument between tesla fanboys and other EV buyers for using the supercharger?
Marqeeeez
Someone just needs to make an affordable extension cord for it and problem solved
Bravo to all of you folks for doing this!
With the charging port on the front left you could have charged in the pull forward stall and not have taken up 2 spots
Yo mkbhd, consider switching the microphone on your phone to mono in the settings. For these talking head videos I feel like there is no need for stereo and it’s simply not worth the weird phasing thing that’s happening when you move slightly or have a lot of sound reflections inside of a small car
Marques getting friends outside of the usually cellphone tech is a breath of fresh air. That’s nice.
1:36 it probably defaulted to Africa since it uses latitude and longitude to calculate position, and since the prime meridian and equator intersect exactly in the ocean where your screen was, it probably started with position 0, 0.
Please don’t enable this at busy chargers @Tesla.
This is not going to be the future of electric cars. The future will be the type where batteries are swapped at stations which has constantly fully charged batteries.
It’s like someone should create an extension cord for these chargers.
always the best
What I find amazing is NO one is speaking the truth and that is Tesla only did this to get the  money. They knew that  this was not going to work because the cables are way to short and they knew this when they designed the new connectors and installed them. Why do this and not install longer cables so that a non  Tesla can charge with out creating / becoming a problem for everyone else . Why roll out a half baked fix.
Here in Austria we have all Super chargers available for non Tesla vehicles, just because we don’t need an adapter solution, Teslas here already use a CCS Type 2 Connection, as does every ev with the ability to fast charge. The problem with cable length and charge port position is of course the same tough…
this is cool but i wonder if tesla can sell those adapters separately or some company copy it or if somebody is bold enough to try stealing 1 lol
Tesla is branching out. At 50 cents per kilowatt is expensive. If Tesla pushes it across their entire network It would significantly pad the bottom line.
love the casual format of the auto focus channel, and the interactions with the other EV enthusiasts. Interesting stuff!
$30... Not much cheaper than gas and it didn't fill it to 100
Buy EVs they said… it will be great ! 😂😂😂😂
What a pain in the butt....no EV for me until compatibility and logistic issues are resolved.  That will take years.  Thanks for changing my mind about buying an EV, Marques!
Good video
Rivian pack is 400V and superchargers can output over 600A, more than the 500A the other CCS stations can do, so Rivian should be able to charge faster at a Supercharger than 350Kw EA station.
Tom!
seems like the easiest solution is probably to redraw the parking lines
One of the best videos from MKBHD ever, and I’ve been following for at least 12 years now. Cool dynamics and interactions. Top notch.
Could the cable be made longer to reach the other side of the car?  Testa is smart to be able to charge all makes/models.  Why not get into the charging game?  Sure there is money there.
I’m surprised how no one has shouted his name or something with all those cars passing
the retrofit works well to a point, the cables on tesla super chargers are so short though. i charged at a best wester once and the cable was like 40 feet long, you could drag it almost anywhere in the parking lot, but you had to coil it up on the wall like a heavy garden hose when you were done. where is the goldy locks zone?
I bought my Model Y in 2021 mainly because of the supercharging network and this screws it all up having to wait for non-Teslas and the wacky parking problem that Elon didn't think about.  Waiting for supercharges is already a problem in busier areas and now we'll have non preconditioed EVs pulling up and fubaring the stall parking.  I'd rather force EA and other charging infrustuctrres to get their shit together than have to be saved by Tesla.
Wait, what is the point of electric cars if the charging takes forever, inconvenient, and cost around the same price?
Closest thing we’re going to get to a MKBHD vlog lool
If you own a non tesla just buy an extension cable.
Is it possible to keep an extender for that charging cable in the trunk and use that to get better positioning?
I can imagine Tesla will take that Federal money and build new Super Chargers in an island format where vehicles can pull in from either side, and the problem will be solved.
Out of Spec Review was at that same spot earlier. That's the same snow bank blocking that charge port. It looks like you're in the same spot Dave was in with his Genesis
Mad respect to MKBHD for his devotion to the cause
I guess I'll get a Tesla...!
Such a great video. Love the point of view that you shared. Very insightful. Thx
I hope Tesla is watching this, equipment is going to get damaged.
Wah. Rich people cant connect their $100k cars.
I'm afraid Tesla has changed the gentiel country club experience we've become accustomed too and turned it into black Friday at Walmart 😒
Tesla has announced that they will retrofit longer cables where necessary and new chargers will come with longer cables.
Clearly we need some type of regulation to keep the chargeport in the same place on the car so we can stop this madness.
Tesla just made a post on Twitter today about how great their charging network is. And how quickly and cheaply their superchargers can be built... I wonder if they're shifting focus more towards charging infrastructure and energy storage and away from cars? Could be smart in the long run.
hmmm i wonder if you can buy a cable extension. i'm sure someone sells them.
I think some of the new stations they are building to allow for pull through would help with the charging cable - maybe.  They are going to have to figure out something to accommodate the CT if it is hauling something
Tesla made the charging cables this exact length for a reason. The government needs to step in and standardize charging stations. The cables should be mandated that they need to be long enough to charge most vehicles and maybe even have retractable cables to keep extra from laying on the ground and getting run over.
Really enjoyed this - esp. the "community" interaction - as well as the sharp observations about the "challenges and etiquette".  Nice co-operation with the State-of-charge dude too!  Clearly Tesla need to rethink these stations - or (gasp!) get compatible with the industry.
The new etiquette needs to be that non-Tesla EVs fill in from the right, and Teslas fill in from the left, with the middle being a "hot swap" space for when someone moves their car
As a tesla owner. I'm already worried about the mess
Mark keys
The charge port door on the Lightning… oof! Cable would’ve reached if door wasn’t so big and in the way.
I can already foresee people get in to arguments, fights, or even some people vendolizing non Tesla cars...
You also have the issue that there are a lot of non Tesla evs that charge a lot slower than teslas, so you turn up usually as a Tesla owner & you know that even if all chargers are in use, there will probably not be too long before one of the teslas leaves. However, you turn up and a mini electric or a vw ID 3 or Kia Niro or Hyundai kona is in front of you. Not only will they take up 2 stall spaces due to charging port location, they also charge much much slower than a Tesla. I know, I’m in the UK, we’ve had some of our locations opened already & I used to have a Kia Niro & used a Tesla charger & was often lucky to charge @ 50kwh. I now drive a Tesla model Y, because of how bad chargers were that weren’t Tesla & how long it’d take to get onto one of those chargers. Plus the fact that with the Tesla I charge at faster speeds and can use not only the Tesla superchargers but also any public chargers, as all chargers over here are ccs & Teslas sold here are also ccs  They’ll have to look at putting in longer charging cables on the superchargers, and possibly having some charger stalls that are Tesla only still. Not sure how you’d put this into affect, but it’d at least mean there are some chargers Tesla drivers still had exclusive right to and they’d not be in positions where they’d be blocked by other vehicle manufacturers cars blocking multiple bays
Great video!
Now the Tesla stalled will be occupied with cars from irresponsible car makers that pump out electric cars without contributing to a charging network. Try traveling cross-country in an acceptable amount of time with all these non-teslas.
The charging chick at Tesla's Investor Day today said Tesla would be installing longer charging cables to fix this problem.
It's great to see two of my favorite creators @mkbhd and @StateOfChargeWithTomMoloughney in the same video!!
Lol owning a Chademo car just got even worse 😭
This vaguely reminds me of the different charging port locations on Android phones back in the day 😅
They’re gonna have to make extension cords…
am I incorrect in my belief that teslas have charge ports on both sides? 5:08 makes it seem not so... I thought they had it on both sides?
As a owner of 2 Tesla vehicles this does concern me. One of the main reasons for buying the Tesla was the exclusive charging. I hope it doesn't effect to many people doing road trips. If so I might as well buy the electric car that I want that fits my family rather then settling with the model y. If the chargers are all open I would probably get the Rivian SUV.
Standardize charging port placement on all EVs ... You're welcome.
Could this not be solved by simply extending the cable when doing the retrofit?
You're hope of respectful etiquette seems unlikely but will 100% be needed. It does open my eyes to a lot more EVs though. I wouldn't have thought about a non-Tesla before but now who knows
Wooo Marques in the Hudson Valley, even if it is Brewster.
Tesla V4 chargers are reportedly going to have longer cables. This is a teething pain issue that will work out.    Meanwhile, get off my damn charger.  My Tesla needs juice.
Couldn't you just get a charger extension and keep it with you?
They took the time to retrofit the chargers but couldn't give the cables an extra 3-4 ft at the same time...
Imagine charging your car and then Marques just shows up
Count of Ford to make the flap sideways instead of up and down. No other manufacturers deserves to go bankrupt more than the big 3.
if i were a tesla owner i would be PISSED, as you said, imagine this in Cali or any other dense area. also tbh, it takes away maybe the major competitive advantage of Tesla... because there are better Evs on the market.  I see no upside for Tesla to roll it out on large scale. maybe only on underused stations like this to make a few extra buck....
Can't believe this was shouted on an iPhone 14 Pro, I'll definitely buy an iPhone
Tesla just needs to make the charging cable 2x longer at the Non-Tesla charging locations to reach the other end of a vehicle.
What do you mean IF you were a huge Tesla person? You ARE a Huge Tesla person lmao!
Would an extension cable be the solution?
I see a some ticked off Tesla owners in the future.
Simply put, great Video.
Marquiisss!!!
So does Tesla see this and go "Coo, moar $$$", take it as a learning moment and retrofit longer retractable cables, or decide it's a disservice to existing Tesla owners and scrap the whole thing?
Marqees brownlee😂
1:33 that’s racist…
The simple solution is to install longer cables .. I am genuinely surprised it never occurred to them. I know one of the reason they opened up their network was because of Biden's incentives (which  is a good thing) .. but when they were retrofitting the chargers wo this new "magic dock", they really should have lengthened the cable .. it is the first thing that would have occurred to almost anyone. Anyway, let's hope they figure it out and make those updates to keep the "peace" at charging stations.
Can people plug out the charger or the converter without owner permission?
lmao, I used to work down the road in Brewster, living & working in NYC now, hated Brewster
a trend with all things tesla is "just make it work, eff the details". this shows up with a fully electric vehicle that somehow doesnt have a powered rear liftgate or that there isn't a disabling software lock if you attempt to drive the model x with the doors up. or lack of a rubber grommet so the rain doesnt fill the trunk or here in this vid, the "its optimal for current tesla" for the charging cable length  they all share the same thing in common  a lack of holistic appreciation for future issues and current day very obvious problems. its like they only stay in a 3d render and see if the math fits and dont do any real world testing or if they do...those people get ignored "because its not efficient" or some other corpo kool aid like "no negativity in the dojo".  when in reality its not 'negative' its simply "hey, did you consider xyz?" and when the answer is no they get shown the door.
They just announced at the investor day meeting today that they will make the cables longer so other cars can use them.
7:38 you really have to wonder whether Tesla has the best engineers.  they could have simply made the cables longer considering the charger is a new unit with the Magic Dock.
Slightly longer charging cords would solve this problem nicely.
Problem with non Teslas block two stalls is the in car navigation in Teslas will show availability, encouraging people to navigate to that supercharger. Hopefully Tesla figures this out. Many of the epically long lines we've seen at superchargers were precisely because some stalls were out of order but showing available in the app and car.
I'm sure as time progresses, standards will come out for EVs where the charge port has to be located in a specific location to mitigate these issues. With the introduction of MCS, if that's standardized and battery manufacturers can support that much charging current, I think it will speed up charging significantly and won't cause huge lineups in these stations.
This just makes tesla owners to have a hard finding superchargers
Solution is longer cables...?
Hopefully extension cords will be made to accommodate for lack of distance between charge cords between vehicles.
the issue is proprietary engineering planning by Tesla. the solution is moving charger station to middle of stalls, and longer charging cables, and/or standard placement of charger dock in the front of EV. done.
So, what does this mean for public charging? Will things get better, or worse.
Interesting. I can be wrong but Tesla chargers have always been public in Europe. I at least can't remember them being exclusive to Tesla only.
EVs right now are the Razr, Moto, sidekick of the tech metaphorically. Hydrogen in 5 to 10 year's will be the Galaxy and iphone of the alternative energy vehicles in the future.
Longer cables maybe?
How stupid the door opens to the front.
It's crazy to me that Tesla designed their Superchargers to only work on cars with the port on the right side of the car (when backed into the parking spot). Didn't they ever consider that they may design a Tesla with a different charge port configuration? If they just had longer cables (maybe that retracted), it would work for any car with ports on either side.
Just retrofit them with longer cables, problem solved
I could see this bringing a return to the drive-in theater.  If youre gonna make everyone park sideways now, might as well put a screen in front of them
Also tesla can simply restrict with smart algorithm which car they can allow in which spot, thats possible upon manadating the user to enter car type and where their port is.
Or you could just stick with gas and say screw the EV BS
We're all adults and can help out fellow EV owners if they don't have a Tesla. Unplugging and moving over a slot is no biggie.
This looks like a test run and I bet others will be retrofitted with longer cables and better charging station locations.
Whatever amount of Non-Tesla chargers they currently have in the US, keep it for now. It's gonna be tricky with the etiquette situation and having to ask people to move their cars. Hopefully they extend the length of the cables soon. It would help out a lot.
its a great problem to have. more charging options however nonoptimal helps minimize range anxiety
The flap on the lightning is going the wrong way for all but side chargers. They also made it too big. 3rd party swivel kit coming?
30$ bucks 😮
Not sure if anyone mentioned this, but what if Tesla sold “extensions” that enabled vehicles to park nicely AND have an ID associated with the cable (and its owner’s cc) so that Tesla just automatically bills the right person without having them to redo chargers AND so users don’t need to use their app prior to charging?  Marquis, would you ping Tesla with this idea? You have more clout than me. :)
9:46 “Marquise”😂
Longer cables
As a Nissan Leaf owner, I feel left out of the club :(
This hopefully will lead to the adoption of a universal charge location. And a Universal Charging standard. Hopefully CCS or Tesla becomes a standard soon?
Why in the hell did Ford make the lid open that direction? If it opened the other direction it might have worked the first time…
tesla just need to extend the length of those cabled by 3x, should solve a lot of those problems
make the chord longer?
The solution is to make a propane extension cord that you keep in the truck or other storage compartment
Just put the lanes directly in center of the charger's problem solved
Humans being humans, this is going to cause some issues with Tesla Owners.  It just feels like putting humans on long trips in EV(s), where now you have to negotiate getting to the port.  No bueno.
I think the biggest reason only a few of the superchargers are open to everyone is because they are not busy. They are underutilized. That's exactly why the one you're at is at a more rural area. They're actually losing profits (due to maintenance costs etc) because no one is using those chargers at less busier places.
Governments should just pay tesla to expand their system thats so much easier to use. I dont trust other 3rd party chargers.
Very informative
Why is the charge cable so short? How does that make sense on something intended for every car?
they need to make the cables longer yo
Cable extension -- $199 at the Tesla site. I can already see it. Brilliant. Place them all in critically underused areas and charge none-Teslas even more money to use them. Super brilliant.
Will Lectron be the first company to sell 6' extensions? I suspect the standard SC cable  will work fine with my front-port Niro EV.
How much range does that $30 give  you ?
Cool... Tom showed up.... lol, I was just thinking where is he?
Keep in mind that v4 supercharger units address this with longer cables ❤
Marques featuring other channels in this video is such a class act
Will tesla sell extensions 🤔
Great information.  Respect 🙏🏿
What if people had an extension cable? Would that be too expensive?
Not only does CCS cars needing two spaces but this is a dark, dark day for Tesla users. I do not understand how Tesla could be so stupid by putting these dual use chargers and not putting extra long cables on them.
Android mobile app developer here. The reason why it defaulted to "Africa" is likely due to a bug of not setting the zoom window coordinates. A Lat/Longitude of 0,0 is basically lil west of Africa in the Gulf of Guinea. Typically at map launch, if dont have your GPS coordinate, it'll default to that area until we can get one. This bug happens a lot in map apps. My guess is that they didnt have a last known location cached or loaded, and/or they didn't set the zoom window to the GPS once they got it.   Either way great video! Thank you for going into detail about this experience. We have a RAV4 Prime and will definitely be keeping an eye out when Tesla opens up more chargers cuz we think this'll help us alot! But too bad our charger location is on the back right :(
LOVE the RIVN
Man, if I had a Tesla Super Charger that was that empty where I live (there is only one in Oahu and it’s obviously busy AF), I would have gotten a Model 3 or Y by now.  All I have is unreliable and slow as shiznit public chargers.  Right now I unable to charge at home. So I am sticking to my old ass Camry.
Lightning guys gonna be breaking superchargers
1:34 Elon trolling a fellow African American.
The charger didn't reach the Lightning because he called you 'Markeys'.
We know why it defaulted to Africa. The same reason YouTube randomly shows me commercials in Spanish.
Wait was that planned.  What are they odds you run into Tom 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Add a few feet to the cables and change the parking spot lines so the charger is directly in front of the cars and add #'s to the parking spots and larger #'s on the tops of the chargers. Cheap fix.
Yes and no these are considered legacy the newer stations don't require u to skip spots which would slow down the network considerably....
In Pasadena and one in San Fernando here in Los Angeles, CA, we have a few Tesla Superchargers that can have a car park either in front of a charger or behind it.  Works well, and has lead to some inter-Tesla owner arguments.  I believe that would potentially be a great way for non-Tesla's to be able to charge without having to disturb other Tesla owners.
i find it interesting that at the end it went up 50% in charge for 30$ my gas light was on in my car and filled it up to full for 38$ not as cost friendly as i would have expected
Possibly do what Costco does and have extendable cables?
Thanks for the mention and link to my channel, Marques! My video is going up in about an hour. 😁
They need to retrofit to longer cables.
We are entering the wild wild west of EVs
Non Tesla's should pay 3x the regular Tesla rate for supercharging. Change my mind.
Why don't they just make the cable longer? Just like gas pumps 🤦
Your b-pillar is all messed up.
The "pull in" spot at that location seems like it would be great for most non-Tesla EVs. That Lucid owner parked all wonky for no apparent reason - maybe snow pile in the way? Both of the trucks would have been better there, especially the F150.
Goddam you look good on that iPhone video
V4 chargers have longer cables
C’mon man you have a Rivian! You can just drive over the snow and park behind the charger. No need to worry about short cables
awesome video.  did you wrap your R1T in matte PPF or is it just dirty?
The black model 3 is in the wrong spot though
Tesla owners are stuck up douchebags and I know will roll their eyes at these non-tesla EVs charging at "their" stations and most likely dislike being asked to move over or whatever to allow other people to charge.
$30 - expensive.
I'll stick to taking 5 minutes to put gas in my car thanks. 🤣🤦🏻‍♂️
Nice
The only way I see this working is abandon the retrofit of old Superchargers, only new superchargers can charge Non-Teslas.  They HAVE to be side-by-side stalls in a drive-thru setup or else the F-150’s and Lucids of the world will just take up too much space.  The integrated CCS charger is brilliant though, no qualms there.
At Investor Day today, they say V4 chargers have longer cables and some are already deployed in Europe.
Did I see correctly that it's 10 cents more for non teslas or just non members regardless of vehicle?   It will be interesting to see if Tesla jacks the price for non teslas in high traffic areas.
That was cool! Cablegate coming soon to a charger near you
I think this is great! In terms of optimal location there's definitely some growing pains.   Cool to see Tom from State of Charge make an appearance! He's got a cool channel.
Non-Tesla EV owners are starving for the Tesla charging experience.
front end standardization?
Extension cords??
Just install longer, self winding cables, come on Tesla.
Not a Tesla problem, that’s everyone else that doesn’t have a Tesla’s problem.
Red rivian looks sick!!!
I think what will happen is, Tesla will sell an "extension" that owners of other non tesla cars can buy, so they can park their car/truck normally and still charge their vehicle wihout taking 2 spots.   so they'll make money from the adapter/extension AND from charging their cars.   $$
I wonder if there's any way they could make the cable extendable from inside the housing of the charger to address the issue of reaching charge ports on non-teslas.
I currently count only 10 of these stations in the US, and only 2 on the West Coast (near Santa Cruz and Sacramento)…not that great and clearly doing this for the headlines and PR (and fishing for getting good favor with politicians).   That cable situation is…yikes. This is going to be hard for non-Teslas and Marques is right to worry about etiquette. I’d bet Tesla drivers are going to be super rude to the non-Tesla EV drivers for doing the best they can at these stations and that hostility will mitigate over-use by non-Tesla drivers. I’d love to see Tesla become a truly open charging network that anyone can trust, but I won’t believe it till they actually open things up in good faith and not just for PR.   That $0.49/kWh price is a bit up there but worth the premium if you know these are going to work. Not that you’d go from 0% to 100% on the Rivian, but with the 135kwh battery you’d pay $66 for a “full tank”. And Electrify America just raised their rates to $0.48 so I’ll pay the extra penny any day of the week when on a road trip.   Of course, reminder that all EV owners should be level 2 charging at home. These public chargers getting clogged by locals who use them like gas stations they go to are going to be problematic as EV adoption continues to outpace infrastructure prevalence.   Most people don’t realize the huge gap in price of charging at home versus DC fast charging at a public station. My utilities in the SF area are $0.22/kWh during non-peak hours, $0.40/kWh during peak hours. And where you live matters a ton, Tennesse rates I’ve seen are like $0.07/kWh, which is an amazing gap given these public charging rates are not regionally scaled.
That F150 is going to need a trailer pull in spot, it's sideways.
they might as well start the process now of designing chargers plus the cars to drive themselves there automatically plug in, and return home.
Thank you for posting. Took our Model 3 from CT to FL and back a couple of weeks ago. All Supercharger stations were less than 50% occupied all the way down and back. Will be interesting to see how this changes. Good thing we mostly charge at home. We'll see. Videos like this will help Tesla with planning new charging locations. BTW, you're in (or near) NY? Came back from FL over the GWB at 6PM. HOW DO PEOPLE DRIVE IN NYC EVERY DAY!? NFW.
Still costs $30 to fill up and it takes 10x longer 🤣.
It's hard to plug up a tesla at a tesla super charger.... I hated doing it
As a Tesla engineer, this is a pilot program, and if it works, we eventually plan to provide longer cables at each charging station.
I see someone making a version of an extension cord to allow the vehicle to park according the the lot design.
is it really mark-ies? and the whole internet got your name wrong?
What's with the hair ?
I’m wondering if some retractable/ extension power cord would help for non teslas?
Forgive my ignorance - but do extension cables suitable for this charging socket exist? If I was a Lightening owner or someone with a less than ideal charging port placement - could I potentially just throw a 6’ extension cable in the trunk until I needed it, and allow me better parking placement?
Should've had a standard from day 1. Now it's a cluster fuck
Kinda pricy
Need to be on a reel like a regular gas pump to pull out more
The problem that's not being discussed is the cost comparison between owning a Tesla and a traditional hybrid. As a Tesla owner myself, I've noticed that it's actually more expensive to own a Tesla than a hybrid like the Rav4. The Rav4 hybrid can get 35mpg at 80mph, and even up to 45mpg in some cases, for around $3.50 per gallon (as of 3/1/22). This means that to travel 100 miles, you would only need 2.5 gallons of gas, which would cost you $8.75.  However, with my Model Y Performance, even driving at 75mph, I typically get around 320-340 whr/mile. This means that I would need around 32kw on the low end to travel 100 miles, which is nearly half of the battery capacity at a super low rate of 32 cents per KW. It's worth noting that in a non-Tesla, you could see rates as high as 50 cents per KW. So, if you do the math, 32kw x $0.32 = $10.24. In other words, even the most expensive gas on a hybrid is still cheaper than the cheapest 32 cents per KW on a Model Y.  If you compare the Model 3 Long Range to a Camry or Corolla hybrid that gets around 50mpg, you'll find that electric cars not only cost more upfront but also cost more to charge.
So Tesla is the Apple of EVs ?
Maybe optimize the side spaces where you can do a different angle easily
Seems like they need the extra long hoses like costco has only for EV's.
Seems like longer cables would solve this. When they upgrade the adapters they could add longer cables.
His phone is racist 🙃
Which device did you use to record this video?
oh I'mma let you know what I think!! HAHAA Hello I drive a Nissan leaf come see my channel, but for this video... what about the other ev, the one w that funky chademo!!  and WOW 😱 you spent $30 on charging beat me by long shot, my most expensive charge was in Amarillo Texas a whopping $23.80!! I'm grateful for all the vids to educate people alone the way, I hope to do the same!! Any more info is great. Like even today I tried charge twice two places out side my home circle and couldn't get a charge! Either blocked in by other cars, or being worked on, that's a shock for EA! anyway keep on passing gas!!
Tesla mentioned today that new Tesla charging stations will come with longer cords to accommodate non-Tesla EVs with obtuse charge port locations. I expect they'll retrofit existing charing stations with longer cords over time.
Hopefully, Tesla just uses this to monetize their unpopular charger locations
Can't believe they made the cable that short. That's Tesla's fault
they can just fix the charging position issue by making the cable's of the chargers longer tho. So it can be pulled to as far as anyone needs it to be
Over here we've had some Superchargers open for non-Teslas for a while now. They seem to do that only on non-busy charging sites, so no need to worry Tesla drivers. And they are not even compatible with all CCS-cars, i3 can't get the handshake through.
Great Video
tesla should charge anyone that blocks another charger an idle fee for the charger(s) they are blocking
Tesla getting into the dongle game in 3, 2, 1...
I seen fights at EV chargers so this parking situation is forsure gonna be an issue lol
Companies should start moving the charge port to the back I guess?
They need to do what they’re doing in china with battery swaps.  Takes 3 mins and you’re good to go.  Everyone uses a standardized size battery and a robot goes under your car and does the swap for you.
Going to be a train wreck. And putting a longer cord sucks for Tesla owners as you’ll have to deal with all the access.
Isn't that side spot with the charger placed on the side made for the lightning?
I just heard them say on the Investor Day presentation that the V4 Superchargers are going to have longer cables. But, yes the multi-position charging port location issue is going to present a lot of challenges.
Gonna be fun when a f-150 owner parks on the side to charge and take up like 3 spots :P
50 cents a kilowatt .. ouch.   $50 for a 100kw battery.
Literally voids one of the largest reasons to get a Tesla over other electric cars. It's better for the EV community but worse for the Tesla community.
For now, Tesla vehicles need priority. Should use the same etiquette as giving up seats to elderly and disabled people on public transportation. Maybe in the future EV cars that don't have ports in left-rear or front-right will be banned.
man my head hurts after this video you need to calculate the place where and how will you park you pick 2 spots and you can damage your car wtf is this nonsence just buy a V8 5mins on the gas station done swear i will never buy an EV like ever go get some normal cars guys
As a Tesla owner, having non Teslas take up 2 spots will be really annoying on road trips, but also as someone thats sick of Teslas antics and looking to buy a different branded EV, this is exciting. It's been quite the inner battle for me.
What a disaster this is haha
Super cool video. I have been waiting pretty much one year for my EV6. Would just having longer cables be an option; maybe suspended from a boom like you see at hand wash car washes? Food for thought.
Selfishly, as a Tesla owner, this sucks. There are already long wait times at super chargers in LA all the time right now. The non-asshole in me however recognizes how good this is overall and I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. This will be amazing for EVs overall. This is like the modern day version of the seatbelt
This is why electric cars suck
Great video
The good thing is that Tesla has the data to know how busy the chargers are
If EV's are ever to over take ICE cars, all chargers being required to fit and function with all EV's is one change that I think has to be made.
why does the charger have to be at the edge of the space? why can't it be out from the edge in between two spaces and the vehicle chooses whether to back in or pull in?
What a great meet up!
pull thru charging has to be a thing since the industry decided not to put the port in a standard place
Potentially a problem
Nice collab with state of charge nice seeing nj YouTubers
3x Tesla owner in CA, this is an atrocious idea at lease for my anecdotal case. We are already at capacity for most stations, ffs the chargers default to "busy supercharger, charge limited to 80%" and has for YEARS. Now we will have different cars, possibly taking up multiple stalls, possibly charging slowly, how on earth is this positive.  Without being elitist, Tesla buyers have subsidized the supercharger network (see TSLA profit margin per car) and now that early and continued buy-in is benefitting the company with extra profit and non-Tesla EVs that did not get hosed with the >$ purchase. Where is the benefit for the Tesla buyers, you know, that have enabled the company to grow and thrive?   Combining this with the recent price drop costing current owners billions in lost value, it's a double nut kick right in time for investor day.
The improvised colaba on the spot were super cool ❤
If this rolls out everywhere it's a road trip game changer for EVs. Because honestly charging at chargers should matter much more for long distance than in town. In big cities there are lines but there are also plenty of alternatives.
It went to africa automatically because its obvious why, should i say....
Having to install an app to use a charger sucks. Having to become a member to avail of cheaper rates sucks. All public chargers should be required to accept credit card payments and to do so at impartial charge rates. i.e. no app, no 2 tier charging, just a posted cost and charge. If they have to band charging at all, it should be by battery charge rate, and nothing else. And I'm not singling out Tesla because other charging networks are similar. This doesn't happen with gasoline and it shouldn't happen for electric.
The plug adapter is so slick, haha well done
Whoever designed this new charging station did not take into account the varying areas where different manufacturers have the charge port. The charging cable needs to be a least another three feet longer.
Marques is such a nice guy, giving props to the other YT channel.
This Supercharger is getting some crazy Youtube coverage in the last 24 hours haha
this is the third youtuber I've watched visit Webster NY  hahaha
30 bucks!? some deal
I guess where the lucid started charging would be the only place that would charge the f150 with out putting strain on the cable.
Idk why im so interested in this guy. I would really like to see a day in the life vlog from him.
That short charge cost more than 400 miles of range in my gas car...
Invest in CCS extension cables
Don't Teslas have charging on both sides? I could be wrong
Funny, how desperately they want this thing to work even after paying $$$$$
So Tesla’s don’t have a charge port on both sides?
This is bound to cause the seriously unhinged to seriously rage, so everybody stay calm, polite and dignified. It's not worth doing anything crazy over charging your EV ever.
This is going to be hilarious when the general media catches wind of these issues. They'll drag Tesla through the mud like usual, but keep in mind they're adapting an amazing infrastructure they have in place for their own cars, to other EVs. The blame should be on how poorly executed other EV charging stations are, not on Tesla.
Cool to see MKBHD and State of Charge together!
This definitely has to be an iPhone video. I can tell the difference 😊
Giving "state of charge" a shout out is dope.
Marques, I'm glad you met Tom from "State of Charge".  For more than a decade, Tom's been working his @ss off helping and promoting EV adoption.
I recently had a short vacation in Denmark where I had a rental Nissan leaf. I took a 3 hour drive west from Copenhagen to the city that I was staying at. Half way there, I was able to find a charger to use, but when I got to the city I was staying at, it was really late, none of the chargers I found I could just pay and plug in, & I was at literally 1%, so I need to find one urgently. While this may have been user error, it got to the point where I decided to have a plug in hybrid(in my case a Hyundai Ioniq) for the remainder of my stay and do away with ev charging entirely.
imagine if tesla made the cable a few feet longer...
Seems like someone could make money selling a CCS extension cable for people with F150 lightnings and the like, if one does not presently exist
Thirty minute wait to fill the battery 50%. Time = money...so really, you paid a lot more than $30. Eh, at least the children in Chinese mines in Africa have jobs, right?
30 bucks for 300miles may be? I think the gas cars would cost the same for 300miles
It defaulted to Algeria because it's the center of the universe 😂🌌🇩🇿
Thanks for pointing out you're ruining the supercharger setup. Now... please.... stop using them. Your vehicle isn't built for it. get a Tesla ;) lol
I think Tesla needs to go back to the drawing board and make a system like Electrify America where if you pull the cable, it comes out more instead of just having one small cable length. What I mean is that they should have a longer cable but instead of just leaving it loose, it retracts out when you pull it
How come you do not know Tom from State of Charge? He is into electric cars since 2012 and is an expert. You must be a newbie... 🤣
the simplest solution is longer charging cables. but at a cost
The F150 guy calling you Mark Keys was beatiful
Tesla already announced longer cables at today’s presentation.
This is absoutly not sustainable. I live in Vegas and the SC here get extremely busy. I don't have to use them with my home charging most of the time, but busy times there are long lines at them. Tesla has to make longer cables or retractable cables to address it. People here won't be that friendly.
Do a dex review on the s23
We are still in the stone ages of EV. Most Americans are not this savvy. Look around. What lazy American is willing to sit around charging for 30 minutes in a more expensive vehicle when they can just gas up in 2 minutes in a cheaper vehicle? What 60-70 year old would be able to easily figure out how to use the app and charge without much trouble? Is there customer service at all these stations? If EVs will be mainstream, this charging experience needs to be made much, much easier. Plug and play.
How nice is that, if only it was a Tesla.  It’s like having a Samsung gear with an iPhone.  Yes the watch will work, but the best experience is through the Tesla/Apple ecosystem….like the prewarming of the battery, that Tesla feature is a game changer/deal breaker.
A wild tom appears!
Hardest working man on YouTube! Constantly putting out quality content.
This adapter Tesla built in works surprisingly well. It's a really clever solution really.
Just a thing to keep in mind for folks new to EVs. This cable adapter only works with vehicles that support DCFC. The connector is for CCS (Combined Charging Systems); the circle with 3 holes and oval on bottom with 2. Older vehicles like the Chevrolet Volt, for example, only support AC charging or just the top circle (J1172). The Tesla converter won't fit with these. Most newer EVs will support DC fast charging, so you can take advantage of the Tesla chargers if you'd like.
Time to make & market an extension cord for them.
"Not sure why it defaulted to Africa" lol, that is some funny shit. Great video. Glad you are exploring the auto industry. We can finally see detailed reviews; the consumers can actually benefit.
Great video! really nice of you to give a shout out to another creator!
The quality of the video is pretty bad like it is MAX OVER SHARP.
1A would have been perfect
Tesla owners won't be happy.
I feel like at some point there needs to be standard plug for EVs
We don’t want all your garbage EVs at our chargers , you have no etiquette at your own anyways .
Who is Marquise? 🤔
30 bucks wtf why driving an electric car?
Only a matter of time before charging stations have to be manned.
$30 for 50% charge?? Wild
“Say my name, say my name”😂
EV's manufacturers should have a norm for all vehicles to get past the current dilemma.                                              OR Make the charging cables longer......duh!. Ford should of made the charging door open the oposite way or up to gain more room. That and you can not always count on chargers working. EV's and the EV infrastructure have a ways to go IMO. Plus the wait. Everyone knows very cold temps negatively effect batteries....so a garage to park your $$$ rig is best while charging. Grocery getters at best at the moment imo. Human guinea pigs for those who can afford them to feed the manufacturers R&D. No doubt they'll get it eventually....lol. If I had a spare $100k I'd get something else regaurdless.
So really, Tesla just needs to make the cables a little longer and everyone will be good to go.  I hope they enable this in Colorado soon. Electrify American has been too unreliable around the Denver area.
Rome wasn't built in a day....
Nice episode and very relevant questions. Also, I love the color you picked for your Rivian.
Tesla will be getting paid billions to open it's SC network. Cha-ching $
Tesla stations need longer charging cables.  LOL.
We've had this in Norway for a little while on all superchargers installed after the Model 3 started shipping. As with EU regulations (I think) the model 3 used a standard charging port and not the Tesla exclusive.  So all superchargers installed after that, are fitted with 2 cables instead of an adapter. So it was done purely via software to enable all vehicles to charge at their chargers. Not sure if all are unlocked yet, but many are :)
Hopefully Tesla owners don't get the elitist mindest that Apple owners have lol
to be honest a somewhat easy solution would be to install retractable extension cables to each one of the chaging stations.
One positive bit of information that came from the investor meeting tonight is that it was confirmed that with all new V4 Superchargers, which have a taller cabinet, they will have longer cables which will solve the wasted space problem at least for all new Superchargers going in. Hopefully they will come back and retrofit some of the older sites to be V4 eventually.
I wonder what electrify America has to say about this
you have a channel that has millions of followers yet you have 2 other channels shame on you greed is not good man
Two of my favorite subscriptions in one video. Coup. Excellent lighting and resolution too.
If tesla were to do 2.0 version of this a cable spool may help with EV compatibility. Or maybe EV manufacturers agree on a port location, like how GVs(Gas or General Vehicles) have a near universal location of the fill port.
$30 for 55% of a 'tank full' isn't cheap.  When you compare the range of a Chevy Colorado to the R1T, factor in the $3.41/gallon average cost of gas and 21 gallon tank size of the Colorado - I think you're paying pretty much the same per mile.  Which I'm sure is the point when paying for charging away from home.
Houston raised  Why is there snow???  Y'all gotta be kidding me, there is still snow on the ground in late February... Houston we get a couple days of ice... Then it's cold... Then cool by March... Then Hot got the next 11 months
Yea I’m 100% buying a Taycan now.
Who has time to drive miles away and then sit and wait to charge the car? Probably 000.01 % of people
You started with 88 miles, and at 95 it was already charging you almost $3? That seems... ridiculously expensive? Even a gallon of gas at $4 can get your average car at least 20 miles. Am I missing something here or is Tesla supercharging that expensive? I've always just charged at home so I never really realized how much Tesla is charging for charging (heh). I understand there's a premium for non-Tesla drivers (or members of whatever that subscription service was), but to the point of not being able to compete with gasoline is kinda nuts.
In the UK, we have only a few chargers available at a few of the quieter superchargers for now. As we have ccs2 standard on 3 and y there is no need for those adapters. Most newer units have 2 cables for s /  x and 3 / y
Like something I want to say is the fact that if I am ahead of the charging departmen i will be charging more to charge a non-tesla then to charge a Tesla, it's reasonable right because it's our chargers so you kinda  have to pay more
Charging (no pun intended) 20% more for non members is smart , a good additional revenue stream.
So some minor drawbacks, but still VASTLY better than anything Electrify America has.  Yea, I'm in.
So great to suddenly see Tom from state of charge in your video. Definitely didn't expect that :)
It will not take much time for ppl to realise, on a day to day basis teslas are as much better experience just like their super charger network. Less pain in the ass and better battery management. Integration and  improvements are seamless.
Never understood why car manufacturers put the charging on the front. It's like they've never bay parked in their lives
Marquis 😭
$30 for half a tank? That's what I'm paying for gas on a full tank in my work car 🤔
Charging non-Tesla in central Europe is pretty bad... In Poland where I live I would describe it as nightmarish. Currently the best option here is a plug-in car instead of ev.
$250 extension cords are on their way 🤣
@Auto Focus   Doesn't Rivian have their own small charging network?
The fact that a nearly full charge of this truck costs like 60+ dollars and is only barely comparable to the range of efficient trucks is definitely a huge blow lol
What a shit show this will be for Tesla owners
I think if they made those cables longer, maybe retract, or fuel hose style where it has a retracting hose holder to keep things neat, then I can see this being better. But in the current state I can see issues.
funny enough, there are a lot of Teslas been charging EA/EVgo than you think, do we complain? nope. Why are we giving a narrative that Tesla owners are privileged, entitled individuals when it comes to corporate owned public chargers.
Crazy to see you drive up to Brewster in this video. I live in Mahopac, which isn't too far away.
The movement to the charger at the end (where the Lucid) was charging might be the right compromise.   Funny that Tom from State of Charge showed up, both you guys do a great job on your channels.  I could see Tesla painting other strips (different color etc) for no-tesla drivers to at least get people to shift over.
Tesla just found a new way to generate income. Here comes the proprietary extension cable
Love how the 'parking spot problem because of different charging port location' could have been totally solved if the frigging charger station was at the dead center of the parking slot, instead of at one end, and if the cable was just 50cm longer.  Goes to show that whoever designed those charging stations didn't even spent a second thinking about future proofing the design, not only for non-Tesla cars (I think this is by design, they want to be the Apple of EVs) but to their own  future cars (what if on the future they change the charge location of their own new models?).
State Of Charge sighting!
My guess is Tesla will start adding longer cables on these moving forward.  This is kind of like the proof-of-concept rollout... Although I rarely fast charge my Bolt, it's nice that there is are more options...
It’s a huge problem because all the other manufacturers are f’ing idiots. Anyone who prefers to pull in nose first to a parking space and back out is a moron back in when u don’t have to worry about traffic and pull out when u can clearly see traffic.
Hi! How much did it cost for that 30% to 80%?
Game changer! Definitely.
30$? That’s basically gas prices lol
This is awesome and good for the EV market, but at the same time I’m gonna be sad if when this goes to 100% rollout and it affects my ability to charge my model 3…
its crazy how much bigger the CSS port is. I wonder if we will ever update the standard to something smaller, easier to handle.
They're doing this because of the new bill or whatever that only gives incentives to companies if they allow their chargers to be open for all (very much aimed at Tesla). Cool to see legislation actually do something useful, hope it's rolled out in a more widespread way!
I dont think dude understood haha.
It seems like extended cables is the obvious choice that would at least help alleviate this problem a little bit. But that would require a more substantial overhaul
It's good to see, well by force, that Tesla chargers are slowly becoming accessible to everyone... Minus the whole "app requirement," part. The strain on that HV cable is painful to see on F150... Hopefully they add a bit of a slack to the cable. Then might be better.
First of all, it's stupid that Teslas has a different connector than the standard CCS plug. Not saying that CCS should be the standard, but every car should use the same. In Sweden however, all Teslas uses CCS, so here it's fine. Second, all cars should have the charge port more or less at the same place. Again, not saying that back left like a Tesla is the best place, personally I think front right would be better or back right. That would make it easier to charge while being parked on the side of the road. Perfect for city chargers. But having the same place on all cars is the most important thing. Lastly, Superchargers needs longer cables. Sure, they were made for Teslas in mind, but they are so short.
I think to solve the problem, they need to extend the cable. And put some indicator to where to park and which charger to use
It default to Africa because... you know why "Mar-kise". 😂
If this comes to every Tesla charger I'll finally buy into only electric cars being possible in the next 10 years.
Is that a tesla problem or other car manufacturer problem? maybe they are going to want to move their charging connection to wear tesla has theirs to give their customer the convenience of accessing tesla charging network?
Like everyone is saying, it's "cablegate".  I blame Telsa for this.  Why would they make a wire only good enough to use on their products only? Why not just make it longer by using a retractable mechanism? Is it that hard to do cause lots of gas stations do this so that we don't have to be on a certain side to get gas.  At this point they could just repaint the lines to resolve this issue.  They definitely need to make the wire longer though.  It's like giving us 1 feet charging wires for our phones when they know we all need a least 3-5 ft. I guess they want to be shame to non-telsa peeps so that they could just get a Telsa instead.  Ah green vs blue bubbles I see I see.
I wonder if manufacturers will consider labeling their vehicles, in marketing campaigns, as optimized for tesla super charging? Imagine a badge on the product/feature page of a car, saying “Tesla Supercharging Compatible”. And the car just has the charging port in an optimal place.
Can't wait for videos of crazy Karen's screaming at people for charging their non Tesla cars at Tesla's chargers
I can't believe this is the Tom and MKBHD crossover. State of charge does great charger reviews and great EV reviews
Been happening in Europe for ages, and everyone was worried initially, turns out, not really an issue
CCS extender cable will be in the tesla store :) Its not a problem, its an opportunity!
Watching this knowing I’ll probably never own a tesla or a rivian in my life.😢
Interesting and you’re very generous. Thank you.
But, in the grand scheme, people with other electric vehicles as expensive or more expensive than a Tesla, deserve more reliable charging for the money they paid. Electrify America is a joke. Tesla already has the infrastructure. It’s because of this dynamic that people still want gas cars. You go and pump your gas, and it just works
Been a minute
In my opinion, telsa would be better off redesigning the charging dispenser with two separate cables. Keep the existing ones for telsa owners (since its long enough), and add a separate cable with a ccs plug for non-telsa vehicles. Have the ccs cable long enough to reach without issue. I think this would solve the parking issues experienced now with this connector.
This is something people don’t want to do. Completely frustrating thing
The electronic car companies can give you a six foot extension cable as an accessory for these electronic cars.
Is there a reason the cable cannot be longer?
Some one will make a Adapter / There money $$  to Be Had !!
An extension cable?
Oh, yeah. Marques, that Chevron Hoodie that you are wearing. Could you please come out with a t-shirt version of that same design?   'mmkaythnxbai.
LOL , Its designed obviously for Tesla Users. The other vendors should give you a cord to go inbetween the vehicle and the charge cord if they want to use a Tesla Charging station. Its just that simple. Tesla should not be expected to meet the demands of other users. Other uses should meet the requirements of Tesla. Make ya stuff right.
Wait what 30 bucks for 35-80% charge lol. Why would you even buy an ev.
Good video
What's the deal with the charge cable not reaching the port? How did the engineers not think that one through?
They literally solved the parking with gas stations. Setup the chargers like a gas station and problem solved.
This is a step in the right direction, but to me a half hour to go from 30 to 80% charge is still too long to spend, and that’s with no waiting.
I've always said there is not infrastructure for EV's.  Not only that but where is all the electricity going to come from?
put the charger directly in front of the spot and make the cable a little bit longer and it can go either side
Kibishi san
Markeese 😂
Hi Tom!
Brewster? What a Punky little town... 🤣
The stalls will definitely need to be optimized. But this is only a good thing for Tesla. Tesla will become the Chevron or Shell station of electric charging.
You shouldn't have to sign up for an app to charge your car. You don't have to download the shell app to fuel up at a shell, you just drive in and fuel.
Super cool seeing Tom from State of Charge out of the blue :)
Do we have any stations up in Northern VA for non-telsa to charge? (Fairfax?)
Captions be like "what's up guys I'm Kibishi"
Can't you just bring an adapter to extend the cable? Genuinely asking.
Amazing camera quality it is actually astonishing I guess it is helped by the best orientation plus a tons of light but still it is so crisp and the colour is so right
So will this prod the other charging networks to up their game?
God dam, Have a longer cable extention. This is an electricity. There is no issue extending a cable.
I know of some EV’s (I think Audi) that have a charging port on both sides of the vehicle….
146kw is still faster than EVgone super 350kw charger that cannot go higher than 80 kw or EA whose chargers are more broken than operational
How much is the price difference between charging a Tesla & non tesla?
It is a YouTuber charging station or what 😂
A step in the right direction. Makes me feel a lot better about my Ioniq 6 reservation 😅
Would a 3rd party wire extender work?
I saw this earlier on clips and the first thing that struck me wasn't about how to charge any non Tesla, it's how few Tesla's were there  Who can help me figure out what Tesla loses daily on their charging infrastructure because they kept it proprietary vs all the EV access they could have added sooner (not much sooner, but that could have been 10's of millions already...)
It started in Africa because its 0.000 , 0.000 longitude latitude
In Summer, Brewster will be humming: big party town, magnet for upscale college kids. Bars, live music.
Is there such a thing as a extension cord that an EV owner could carry with them?
30 bucks from 35-85% no thanks i'll just toss 30$ worth of 2.93$ gas in my old toyota
Problems of rich people :)
Truckin… well, in time Tesla will likely add 20inch to future cable designs. Allowing a touch more space. And if they turn the chargers 90degree and allow parking on Quadrants around the chargers, it should allow more options for all brands to use space in a charging station. There are solutions, just not today
Clueless how the charging infrastructure is open to non Teslas in Europe.
Cool video Marques , I loved the little interaction with the other people trying to charge their Non-Teslas. 😀👍🏻
Marques is such a nice guy who gave State of Charge a shoutout.
The Fire Chief saw that you were filming and decided to wait to use his sirens 😏
Looks like everyone went to the same exact charging station. Out of spec motoring was there the prior night
Etiquette lol, image asking a Karen to move
This definitely changes my perspective on possibly getting a BMW eDrive40. Very cool of you to give "State of Charge" a shout out as well 👍🏽
Not sure how I feel about saying the “cars aren’t optimized“ to charge at a supercharger.   Car design doesn’t need to change. Tesla should have increased the length of the cables to accommodate as part of implementing the magic dock.
Good timing on this video release. Tesla investor day happening at the same time. This video more interesting, informative. etc.
Longer cable in the station would be elite
Did he say it cost $30 for only half charge? That's more expensive than I thought. Maybe just New York prices? $30 in my city is a full tank of gas for a lot of cars
As a tesla owner, it's really cool to see the supercharger network expand for other vehicles. Seems way more intuitive than what I've seen from an EA charging experience. Hopefully they can fix the issue of the non-tesla taking up two spots.
I do not think Tesla has a right to prohibit charging other cars using their chargers. Let's see if I can fill my car with a gas on Exxon station. Nope, I cannot. I drive Nissan and Exxon only allows to fill Bentleys. Would it work for Exxon in that case?
It will be interesting to see how adding non-Teslas to the Superchargers affect charging wait times when I am traveling across Upstate NY to visit family and friend this summer. In my most recent trip this past fall the Depew, Waterloo ,and Syracuse Superchargers were pretty empty.
Why not have a short cablewind inside the charger, enough to reach the rear of the cars other end?
Easy answer is longer retractable cables
Clean
Hi
Can't they make the cables another 2-3ft longer?
Very interesting.
I would honestly hate to be on a road trip or in need of a quick charge and couldn’t supercharge because non teslas are using the chargers.. this is honestly a huge letdown for Tesla owners
Mar-keys Brownlee
Emergency only for my non tesla, but then again there’s not many tesla chargers near me 🤷🏾‍♂️, lucky my charger on the divers rear
Why are the cables so short lmao, with a regular gas pump you go around the car even if it’s parked on the wrong side. But it’s still good to see progress in charging compatibility!
I live about 30 mins from there but it doesnt really seem Ideal atm. I thinking about going electirc and Tesla supercharagers becoming open to other OEMs is def interesting. I'm gonna keeping my eye on things. There are 2 other super chargers by me (within 10mins drive) and if they get this feature soon i may consider it sooner rather than later.
awesome seeing other creators out in the world 😂
Would it work to respray the lines so they are halfway between where they are currently? Or is that not a solution?
Tesla owners in Ny have to be mad at this because a lot of stations are always packed
Marqwueeesse
If Tesla cares they’ll just make longer cords. Not that different than going to BJs or Costco for gas with extra long hoses to reach the other side.
Nice of Marques to shout the other video guy. 🫡 great insight in the new future ahead
Wait... Charging costs $0.35-$0.45 per KWH?  Driving efficiently, that means the cost of fuel (electricity) is like 10 cents per mile right?  There are gas cars that can beat that.
I don't understand how the US hasn't enforced universal connectivity yet. For phones and cars.  I mean I know why, it's bottom 30 for democracy globally today and entirely ran by a handful of corporations and war.  But legitimately if this push for green energy and independence was genuine. This would have been year one.
You gonna have to buy an extension adapter cable.
Funny how your immediate concern became a reality in only the first few minutes.
Shot on Samsung S23 in 8K?
Open for less than 24hrs and already better than Electrify America or Blink
What an interesting problem I never even thought of
It's good that they're experimenting at least. An EV future is definitely more viable with changes like these.
I’m a Tesla model y owner and I’m not happy about it 😂😂😂😂😂
I love the on the fly interview/interaction with other EV drivers… I would love to see a wider ranging video in a similar style asking people at chargers about their experiences owning EV’s
Thank god he’s back to the iPhone
Why not design the charging stations the same as traditional petrol stations? 😂
Very cool video! So glad to see a R1T at a Tesla super charger finally :-D ...and that Canyon Red color rocks!  A couple of things to add:  - While charging, on the Rivian screen, where you see how many miles are getting added per hour, you can tap that for it to also show how many KWh you are charging too! Just like it showed you on the Tesla app. Ofcourse, it can't tell you the cost on the rivian though :-)   - In terms of the best plug& play charging for the Rivians, its probably going to be on the RAN (Rivian Adventure Network), its own super charging network. There are quite a few showing up on the west coast here so far. Going to try one out this weekend.  - I think Rivians to pre-condition the battery for fast charging if you put the super charger address in the navigation? It does that for RANs and EA chargers, probably Tesla chargers will be added in an OTA update.  - Yeah this does feel like an Apple vs Android conversation isn't it?   Again, love your videos! A huge fan! Thanks for all that you do! :-)   See you in the next one, Peace! ;-)
yes it's good that people will see how shit tesla's charging stations are as they have had to optimize for a very narrow range.
They need to make these cables longer (or place the red bollards/barriers approx. 50cm further back for these vehicles using CCS. Here in the UK, the rest of Europe and probably most other markets, Tesla and other automakes are required to use CCS Type 2 chargers so we don't get that stupid proprietory Tesla Charger over here...
Marques, 1A would've worked perfect for you, in this use case.
Markeese 😂😂
Bro kept saying Markeese😂
The video and audio quality on the S23U is so much better than it was when filmed on the Pixel 7 Pro!
Even with the logistics challenges, this looked like a better experience than dealing with the other charging networks, at least based on how they are portrayed in YouTube auto channel videos.
The dumbest first word problem  Just unify the charging for all vehicles by a government decree
Potential fcukup to ensue at Tesla chargers is my thinking. Instead of charging my M3 at 30% when on the road, gonna have to start looking for chargers at 50% only bcos there's gonna be a lot of inevitable issues with charging spots not to mention driving around to try and find an empty available slot.
TBH it feels like it would’ve been better if Tesla just sold extension cord adapters for non-Tesla owners, than go through the trouble of retrofitting existing superchargers. I guess they wanted to start small, but there are a lot of inconveniences and challenges being presented here.
Im actually buying my first electric car tomorrow.  3500 for 2013 nissan leaf. Not fancy but the battery still have 8 out of 12 bars left witch is fine for me 50 miles roughly. Id love a rivian tho! Want to trade? 😆
Crazy how timely this is. Not sure if you just saw Sara's Hummer video, but that was a big highlighted piece.  I'm glad the chargers have opened up, now I just hope the process gets simplified and ports standardized. Only big thought at a gas station is diesel vs. unleaded.
Tesla could add a spooling system for a longer charging cable into their superchargers.
My dad can’t say Marques correctly either! Haha!
Such a massive oversight. Why didn’t they just make the EV charge port location standard on all cars, and why didn’t they make the cable longer?
This is another perfect example of why Tesla design absolutely sucks. There is zero reason why the cables are so short other than to gate keep them.
damn lowkey this is just gonna make tesla charging stations more crowded. I live in the bay area and our super charging stationed be packed sometimes.
They should at least create longer wires in order to solve the issue I guess and also probably the positioning of the chargers as well.
Do you edit these videos with the iphone??
Not caring about your license plate on YouTube = If you feeling froggy leap 😈
It’s got to be so special to be in a video with a world renowned tech YouTuber 🤩🤩🤩
I'll be honest, that is another reason for me to hate EV cars. It's more punishment and dealing with bullshit than it's worth
As someone who can get by without owning a car but has also been really intrigued by the EV market, this kinda stuff makes me want to stay car free as long as humanly possible. Seems like such a pain.
It sounds like it's time for a 1000 mile race rematch
That red be POPPIN on iPhone! Is that the front facing or rear?
If you factor in the cost and the time it took to charge, is it worth it over a car that uses gas?
My boss has a Lighting. I work at a The Clean Up Shop in Canada, he just got an adapter to charge Tesla's with the Lightening.... Pretty sweet, once these manufacters that have built cars for 100 years get the tech down pat, we will see much better iterations.  Ps you're the man.
First world problem
Marques “Markees” “Markass” Brownlee 😂
This is video is awesome, I’m sure Tesla will also appreciate this and it will help them improving the system
I would now love to see a repeat of the 1000 mile road trip where the non Tesla has to charge at a Tesla station. See how much of a time suck trying to get the vehicle aligned just right is.
I'm so happy i live in Europe. For soooo many reasons
Is it possible for people to carry around an extension cable? Or do the chargers somehow prevent that? I imagine that would be a solution to the charging spot problem for the individual.
"Like flies, the Youtubers buzz around the fresh new pile of technology." ;O)-
this is your rivian isnt it..
Maybe Tesla needs to start building these chargers like the Costco ones with the extension Bungie 😬 not sure if it would work with these cables though..
There is some wisdom in the classic gas station "pass-through" design. They can take vehicles coming in from any disposition.
Marquis? Nah
Loving your videos ! Keep it up and you'll reach 1 mil in no time
This etiquette thing is no different than when folks pull up to gas pumps and you need to figure out which side its on and whats available.  Now, I agree having the chargers setup this way isn't ideal and hopefully we see more 'drive-thru' style, but this is already a thing, unlike the charge speed issue.
Such a wholesome video with other creators! :)
Voice is boom-y!  Got that bass goin on
Tesla just announced the new V4 Superchargers will have longer cables! Europe first though. :/
Since Tesla's Supercharger network is very reliable, one should come up with an idea of making extension cords with one end female to plug in the charger plug and the other end male to connect to the port on the non tesla car. Problem solved
What phone is this filmed with?
I love how you're just hanging out on the charger and integrating the people there into the video. This was a great video :)
Apple should take notes, ironic as he filmed this video on an iPhone 😂
All they have to do is elongate the cable and the parking situation would be fixed
I was about to ask was this shot on an iphone
impromptu collabs are so cool
Good video, I'm so glad all these guys shows up
Very nice, a website that is dedicated to current issues like that F150 and others would go a long way in what to expect
I don't get what the advantage is for Tesla on this? The charging network is the biggest difference between TESLA and the competition. Opening the chargers up to other manufacturers lessens that appeal and will inconvenience Tesla owners who will now have to wait behind non Tesla vehicles.
They need to have it from above, like a gas station with a roof with solar on it
Nothing could have made me happier to be the owner of a 60 mi/gallon Prius hybrid than to have watched this video. The lack of a universal charging protocol for electric vehicles is the kiss of death. ☠️
they need to make the cable longer with retractable when they replace the base with the extra connector
30 mins of your time is worth how much M? Add 30 USD to it. Worth it?
Lol civic 5:27 type r in background
This hurts Tesla more than it helps them. If you could use iMessage, Facetime, Airtags, etc with non-Apple phones, there would be much less reason to buy an iPhone over an Android.
I kind of like the camaraderie and reasonable people in this vid
Lets give state of charge a sub.
That is really interesting. I doubt that Tesla would ever extend the cords due to the price of them is just not economically feasible. That is very interesting to see multiple charging EV's with different areas for the Ports
Tesla supporting the industry standard,  AMAZING. It works and is streamlined, but they do need some longer cables.
Matte ppf, hell yeah that looks amazing on that rivian
Tag Elon!
If someone is blocking multiple superchargers for their non-EV charging then people are absolutely going to be pissed. Especially if the Tesla maps show open chargers.  Tesla will need to figure out what car you have and then mark neighboring stalls as closed to avoid this mostly. I bet they will also charge more for cars that take up more spots, or maybe put time/charge limits on them
Man $30 to go up 50% is not ideal. How much would that have cost on an electrify America charger?
Hahahaha! Tom! State of Charge. My worlds are colliding.
“Markeeez”
State of Charge won the "free-advertising lotto" that day.
Secondary Market heavy duty charger cable extensions seem like a good idea
Hope the Model 2 tesla will be my first EV... need the cheaper price
OMG Google maps is racist 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 why Africa even though we have about 100 or less tesla in the entire continent 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
I gotta imagine Tesla owners are NNNNOOTTTT gonna be too happy about this.......
Ha.. Tom Moloughney.. This Bolt driver subscribes to both. 😄
Super interesting to see the differences in the mic quality depending on if the camera is facing Marques or facing away from him!  Also love that Marques gave State of Charge a shoutout.
Hey I love these kind of videos especially the part where you're interacting with other people, it felt like it Dave Portland video for some reason.. I guess the combination of a review with chill interactions. Also how funny is it that two people are filming at once
Hydrogen Cars are the future
As someone that is considering a non-Tesla EV, this was very enlightening.
Will be interesting to see if manufactures change the charge port spot because of this, and if so how quickly.
This is even more amazing in Europe where all Tesla super chargers are already CCS, no adapter or retrofit required.
Nice job, Markeese! :)
It defaulted to coordinates 0.0,0.0 or “null island”. Either you weren’t getting a good signal or had location disabled.
How much range does $30 get you?
Isn't there another YouTuber that has a state of charge YouTube channel?
Isn't there another YouTuber that has a state of charge YouTube channel
MaRkEeESs
Just make the chords longer, case solved   Make it longer thru the extension if you have to, or have them pull out like a gas pump
That's crazy that so many more ev owners showed up. Also, I thought if be VERY surprised to see the lucid, but there are two of them around here in Howell/Lakewood NJ.
Thank you for the video Marqueess
Parking issue could be fixed by centering the chargers in the parking stall then adding an extra foot to the cable
That plug still doesn't fit my LEAF J1772 style port.  :/
Will you be doing a review of the Subaru solterra at all?
Saw Out of Spec Reviews video on this last night. Very cool.
Is it only me, but everytime I see footage from inside of a car on YouTube these days I expect to see an accident happening
Is this like us going to a c charger for all phones?
damn if these were your issues, life must be good.
Maybe there needs to be a extension cable. So you can park right
Everyone was so nice it's cool
Tesla owners will get so screwed by non Tesla owners when they fill up all the charging spots.
I love how thorough you are. Thank you for making this video. I hope Tesla takes notes on the setup of their stations and updates them so more vehicles can charge and actually charge. 😂
Markeys Brownlee
Very cool review marques.
We don't have EVs in Africa, more to that , we barely have constant power
If there can be a "USB-C" of the EV market, it would definitely launch their success even further.
A Tesla, a Lucid and a Rivian walk in to a bar...The bartender asks the Rivian, why the long headlights?
As expensive as it would be… retrofits should include changing to a much longer cable, not just addition of an adapter. This is a very shortsighted retrofit.
That is really expensive, dam!  Tesla likes to criticize the market, but its the first to create their own monopoly, with their own system, their own plugs, etc.
As a ioniq 5 owner I can already feel the Tesla owners giving me a weird look if I'm taking a spot at a busy super charger lol
I would assume they will only do this for the slower area ones
Good content as always.
It's Tesla fault that they didn't build Supercharger to be compatible with all of their competitors car. They should be shame about it. 😂🤣
Interesting!
I'm surprised it can do 800v
The video content is amazing....Considering it was shot on a phone.
1:35 It defaulted to 0.00, 0.00 GPS coordinates. Notice it has the UK at the top in the middle, and the equator in the middle. It's a common sight to see when messing with programs/apps that have maps.
Feels like we're now at USB 1.1 for cars.
Ha! MKBHD is starting out in my neck of the woods, nice.
Stop spreading matte red hate
Very good video quality.
Would someone Tweet this to Elon. I feel like he can fix this with a tweet.
I’ve already contacted police
It defaulted to Africa probably because that's where 0,0 is latitude and longitude.
1:25 Tesla app is racist.
I didn't know I really wanted a video like this till I saw the title
This is like the introduction of USBC all over again
damn, tesla adapters need to exist (commented before watching, sorry)
Almost first!
Early crew 🔥
Awesome to see in other countries! We have had it for a while, so cool!
What is that beard trim my guy
Tesla sucks.
Just finished the new studio video and you uploaded this lmao
First
Love your amazing content
Was waiting for this video
first
First
